1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
great public benefit to the country, and a little pri-
vate benefit to a party at the same time; and that
a great good ana a small good can be effected at
once. We had better not shut our eyeS to the
existing realities about us, and to strain them at
some great national object thai does not exist.
We had better look close at hard. We have a
country first, and the country has got a Whig and
a.Democratic party in it. We cannot get along
without them; and the next thing to be looked at
is, that the party cannot get along without an
organ. Who ever heard of a party without an ,
organ? But the countryman, who never saw an I
organ, and sees for the first time the man who is !
performing upon one, comes to the conclusion that i
the man who is touching the keys is the only one S
employed in making the music. He does not j
know that there is a boy behind, who blows
the bellows. [Laughter.] What sort of an ■
organ would it be without somebody behind > I
This bill is the boy that blows the bellows; this1
is the wind that fills the pipes; the keys are to be
played elsewhere. All that the public ordinarily '
sees, is the man; the bellows boy is behind. The
bellows boy in this case has to sit behind and—
" raise the wind," as a friend near me suggests.
Now, it seems to me, it is a little ungenerous m
the Whigs—standing on a high moral platform—
I now stand on a high platform, I can look down
upon and talk to both parties—I say it seems to
me a little ungenerous in the Whigs who, accord-
ing to the authority which the honorable Senator
from Indiana has adduced, have had bellows
blowers for a long time, and their keys have been
touched, for Whig organs will not go without bel-
lows blowing any more than Democratic organs—
I say it is a little hard, when they have had their
bellows blowed so long, that they are not willing
to have these new performers have the benefit of a
little wind. " Donelson & Armstrong cannot touch
the keys without this blowing, and I am willing to
give a liberal quantity of wind; I am willing to
give anything not very extravagant; and I hope,
if we do this, as we certainly shall—for we all
know where the majority is—we are a majority
here, sir, I mean we, the Democrats, and we are
going to have a broad platform, broad enough for
allconservativesandrepublicanstostandupon, both :
North and South—being in a decided majority, we ]
shall carry this measure in one way or another.
There is no doubt about it, for human nature is
as human now as it ever has been, and it
will continue to be the same, at least till after the
next presidential election. Well, I hope, looking
to the future, that after we have been so liberal,
our liberality will continue, for there is another
party, a very small party, I mean now the Free-
Soil party—and they, too, want wind. They only
publish a weekly paper now, but by and by, as
the party is progressing, they may have a daily
organ; and if they do, their organ cannot go any
more than yours can without wind. And I hope
those whose organs have been so long making
such sweet music, the public all the while blowing
the bellows, will show some magnanimity to them
when they come forward with their very modest
request to raise a little wind. Now this, 1 think,
is the real, sober, matter of fact view of the case.
That is to say, this is what we will talk over be-
tween ourselves. I hope the reporters will not j
print this, because this is not for the public; it is !
for us. Our organs want wind; we have the |
means to give it to them, and we will give |
it to them. I know that this will be a favor j.
to these gentlemen, I know that if I were in i
power—but I forgot, I am of the Democratic
party, [laughter;] but if i were differently situ-
ated, 1 would go for giving to my friends in pref-
erence to those who are opposed to us. Now, as
this is the natural and common-sense view of the
subject—the view we all take of it, the view that j
everybody has taken since the fall of Adam—I
do not mean of Adams—as#t is the proper view, :
why not come up to it at once? I presume that
Donelson & Armstrong are highly respectable
■cent] em en; I do not know them. And I hope
there will be a provision, or that the committee
will arrange the matter so that what we do for the
Union now will not prejudice Mr. Ritchie's ;
claims, because he said that he played and fur- -
nished the wind. I hope then this will not preju- j
dice his claim, but that we shall remember him. j
"Let others hall tile rising sim— J
I bow to him whose race b iun."
And I hope we will not forget to reward—not to
reward, but do a patriotic act to those coming on
the stage. I am perfectly satisfied that a majority
of this Senate will give this patronage to their
friends. It would be strange if they did not. I
think if my friend from Connecticut [Mr. Smith]
was in power, he would do the same thing; if he
would not, he would not live up to that reputa-
tion he has acquired, for his reputation has been 1
that he will stand by his friends. No man need |
blush for that. I hope my friends will stand by j
me. I have not a great many here, sir; but I j
hope what few I have will stand by me. I
Now let us have done with this matter. I have j
no doubt this will help the Union, and I am will- j
ing that it should be helped. The great Union !
has been saved, and the little Union ought to be '
helped; and the two acts are in unison. I hope j
we shall all take this practical view of it. I trust I
I do not offend the sensibilities of any one; 1 |
hope nobody is loaded with a flowery speech, j
full of tropes and figures of rhetoric, who will be I
shocked at the apparently trifling manner in which j
1 have treated this subject. I am m earnest; and \
being so, I can assure the honorable gentlemen i
from Connecticut and Indiana, that I do not im-'
peach their motives in the least. I believe there j
js a good deal of human nature in mankind gen- i
erally, and as much of it in these honorable Sena- '
toys as there is in high-minded men everywhere, i
and not any more. And I believe that manifest j
destiny points to this manner of doing this print- j
ing. Let us bow to manifest destiny, and let us :
not spend a great deal more time in discussing j
this question. I hope I have given a rational j
view of this subject—one that will commend itself J
to the mind of every Senator, and that we shall;
be disposed to come to a decision of this question 1
at once. I
Mr. DAWSON. Before the question is taken ,
I desire to say a few words on the subject. The i
resolution and amendment both contemplate the j
printing of the census returns, and it is a question j
of judgment submitted to this body which is the
best plan, and which will carry out the object of
the Senate, and be most advantageous to the coun-
try. That is the question on which we are to j
divide, and I am sure, for one, that party con- i
siderations will not influence the votes of the j
majority of this body. The resolution of the Sen- I
ator from Indiana proposes that this printing shall |
be let out by the Committee on Printing of this \
body, and designates that a contract shall be made !
with persons therein named. Now I object to J
this course, for the reason that it excludes all j
competition, and places the publication of an im- ;
portant work in the hands of a mere newspaper '
establishment—not a bookbinding or book printmf
establishment at all. (
It is said that there is a precedent for this. That !
is very true. Both parties in Congress at different j
times have probably pursued this course; but the
question at present is, has there ever been, since
this Government commenced, one single proposi-
tion for printing for the benefit of the country I
involving so large an amount? What is the ques- |
tion ? It is in truth an appropriation of from three j
hundred thousand to Ave hundred thousand'dol- j
lars of the public money to execute this printing, j
The Senator from Indiana puts down this work j
at six dollars per volume, and makes it to consist j
of two volumes, thus making twelve dollars for !
the set; and he limits the number to twenty-five j
thousand volumes, which makes the sum of three j
hundred thousand dollars. Now, sir, if Senators !
will only reflect for a moment, I think they will .
soon perceive that the Senator from Indiana has !
not given us more than half the estimate of what j
this work will aUually cost. Look at all the his- j
toiy of the past, and all the precedents that can 1
be cited, the patent reports and others, and see
whether this is not the ease. This document will j
be admitted to be a vastly more important publi- j
ration than any we have ever ordered. Suppose, j
now, that we should print fifty thousand copies— j
and a friend on whose judgment I can rely, sup- |
poses we shall need that number—then the amount ;
will run up to six hundred thousand dollars. ;
Now, what is it that we want? We want a '
book published in the best and cheapest style: and
the question is, what plan shall we adopt to effect ;
this? I maintain, Mr. President, and I think I !
can show it satisfactorily, that the plan proposed |
by the amendment submitted by the Senator from 1
^Connecticut [Mi\ Smith) is the proper plan. And'
"what is that plan ? It'is that the work shall be let
out under contract by the Secretary of theInterior;
And why is it proper that'the Secretary of the
Interior should have something to do with- this
work ? Has not the Census been taken under,the
law, through that department of the Government?
Is not the Superintendent of the Census, the head
of that bureau, subject to the Government of the
country? Certainly. Who knows most aboat
the plan of this work, or about the in which
the compendium has been formed, or how it should
be printed, so as best to carry out the intentions of
Congress, as perfected in and through the Interior
Department,-as the Secretary of the Interior? And
is it not well known to this body that the printing
of this work will be commenced before the work
itselfis completed in theofficeof theSeeretary of the
Interior ? It seems to me that, in a matter involv-
ing so many figures—for I believe the work will
consist pretty much of figures, except merely a
few words of introduction to each State—with this
exception, all the res tare statistics,—I say, that in-
a matter where there are so many figures, there
must be liability to very many errors. And how
are those errors to be avoided or corrected except
by those who superintend the publication? And
who can better superintend the publication than
the head of the Census Bureau, or Superintendent
of the Census, under the direction of the Secretary
of the Interior? Sir, it is clear that no one can do
it so well as he.
And here permit me to throw out a suggestion
for the consideration of both sides of this House,
whether they be Democrats or Whigs. What
would be the suggestion which would be made in
relation to this resolution, if we were to pass it
just on the eve of a presidential election ? Would
it not he said that through the agency of party
power, we had made an appropriation of public
money to sustain an organ at the expense of the
Government? I do not make any such charge;
but it is our duty so to legislate as to prevent the
public mind from entertaining the belief that we
are influenced here by improper motives. Now,
how can this best be done? \Vhy, sir, by doing
that which is right—by doing our duty, and then
endeavoring to satisfy the country that what we
have done is right. And I submit it to you, and
to every Senator on this floor, if we as individu-
als had the contract to let out, having to pay from
three to five hundred thousand dollars, whether'
we would not do it under special contract, and let
it out to the lowest bidder, first giving him the
means of ascertaining the terms we proposed, and
the character of the work which we desired to
have done? We should certainly do this. We
would feel ourselves bound to employ those per-
sons whom we believed would do the work best,
and at the cheapest rate. And who, sir, under-
stands this matter best?-and who should be our
agent? Not the Committee on Printing of the
Senate, for their chairman refuses to undertake
the great and important work of making a contract
by which from three to five hundred thousand
dollars are to be expended. Why does he refuse?
Because, he says, that he is not competent; thf??
it is not in the line of his usual vocation; that he
has not the requisite judgment to protect the
country through his instrumentality from prob-
able imposition or from a bad contract. This is
honest and correct on his part.
Where then can we next best go to? We go
to the head of the Interior Department. And who
is the head of that Department? And what are
his qualifications for this business? We all know
that so far as printing is concerned, he is an in-
dividual who nas more printing to be done than
any other of the Secretaries in the various depart-
ments of this Government. And has not the
printing of these various departments for years
been done under contracts made by the gentlemen
at the head of these various departments? Cer-
tainly it has. And has not that printing been sat-
isfactory ? Have we ever heard of any complaints
similar to those which we have heard in reference
to the printing of the Senate * No, sir; not any.
Why then do we say " We will not trust you
Why take it from him? Is he not as competent
as the committee of this House? And will ne not
be more competent when he can say to the world,
4 4 Here is a contract which will involve the expendi-
ture of five hundred thousand dollars; I require
these census returns to be published according
