THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 13,
to the plan or size of a certain book, on such and
such paper, and the binding to be done ir> such
and such a manner and who is the public printer;'
from Appleton, of Boston, to Harpers, of New
York, who will undertake this work, and do it
cheapest, according to the plan proposed by the
Secretary of the Interior ? Are we to suppose
that he will propose a plan for the work not dura-
ble in its character, ana advantageous to the coun-
try? Wot at all. Then by this means we have
competition, and competition regulates prices.
Competition brings down labor to the mere point
where it can make support, and it is our duty to
make it so. Now,I ask, is the Union office to be
deprived of the same privilege, or the Intelligencer
or any book-binding establishment in the United
States? No. They come-in competition; and if
they have the material, and the time, and the
proper capacity to execute the work, there is the
public announcement: put in your bid, and if you
are the lowest bidder you will get it. By this mode
you will not exclude the Globe or the Republic,
or any other office. And why then give it exclu-
sively to the Union ? Is it because they can do it
better than any other? Not at all. They may
do it equally as well. The only objection 1 have to
the resolution is, that by it you confine the print-
ing to certain individuals, and deprive the country
of the benefit of competition.
Mr. President, it is said that our work has
been badly done. In some instances, I admit this
may be so, but to make this declaration with re-
spect to all of it, is unjust towards that old gentle-
man who formerly did our printing. I speak of
Mr. Ritchie. To say that his work, so far as the
printing is concerned, was not done honestly, and
m good faith, is not true. The printing by Mr.
Hamilton has been better than for many years
preceding, and the paper has been honestly sup-
plied, and all the material has been such as shows
durability and clearness upon its face.
Mr. BORLAND. 1 wish to inquire of the
Senator from Georgia, if I understood him to say
that the printing has been done according to con-
tract.
Mr. DAWSON. Not at all.
Mr. BORLAND. It is my duty to say that
I have most carefully examined both the printing
and the paper, weighing the paper with a pair of
scales, piepared expressly for that purpose, and I
find it to fall short, at least twenty-five per cent.,
of what the contract requires.
Mr. DAWSON. I am not speaking about the
contract; I maintain, though, that the paper and
printing are both clear, and to my eye very
good.
But it is alleged, on the one side, that you have
failed in all the special contracts which you have
made; and on the other, that all the contracts
which you have made by letting out the work to
tlje lowest bidder have been a total failure. I will
ask of the Senate, where is the special contract,
which was made with the lowest bidder according
to the terms specified, that has not been conformed
to and the printing well done for the Seriate of the
United States ? Is it your "Blue Book?" Is it
Schoolcraft's publication in relation to the abori-
gines of this country ? They have come up to the
public expectation. They nave come up to the
contract. And, besfdes, if you let the work out to
the lowest bidder, upon terms specified and agreed
on, and the bidder fails to discharge his duty,
what are your courts of justice intended for? What
is the judgment of your body? You have the
power of appropriation; and if there be a failure
to comply with the contract, you have it in your
power to stop the appropriation for it, and also to
sue the violator of the contract and recover dam-
ages. Why, sir, has it come to this that there is
such a want of confidence in the contractors with
this Government that we should look necessarily
for a failure, and that we should make a contract
for an amount above what we could procure it for
from other individuals, merely to avoid the conse-
quences of the failure on the part of contractors to
conform to their contracts? Jt is unjust to argue
thus. The presumption is, that every man who
enters into a contract is honest and will honestly
conform to it.
I stated that I preferred the amendment of the
Senator from Connecticut; and why? Because it
would permit competition to enter "into the dispo-
sition of this contract; because it would give to all
connected w,ith the printing interest of the United
States a right to judge whether they could bid
lower than another or not. In disposing of the
public work, where printing is involved, it is a
right that belongs to every printing establishment
to have the liberty of making a proposition to do
it. It is contrary to the principles of our Govern-
ment to confine our contracts to particular persons,
to the exclusion of others equally competent to
perform the work We should observe an equal-
ity, sir,and base our action upon such a ground
that every man in the community who desires,
may compete for the contract. I submit to the
Senate and the country whether either party, I
care not which, that pursues the course proposed
by the resolution of the Senator from Indiana, is
not confining itself down to terms inconsistent
with the public interest, and in violation of the
right of other citizens of the country. What! if I
am a printer in the city of Washington, and the
Union office is also a printing establishment here,
shall I be excluded from the right of competing
with it for the public printing upon any principle
that we can adopt? Upon what principle would
it be? The Senator from New Hampshire rather
ironically presented a state of things here which
I do not pretend to stand upon—that it grows out
of party considerations. I cannot believe that—I
ought not to believe it. But if these charges go
forth to the country against the character of this
body, should we not avoid giving any foundation
for them ? And how can we avoid it? By pursu-
ing a proper and consistent course on this subject.
Let your printing go where it ought to go. This
is an emanation from the Department of the Inte-
rior. There is a responsible man there deeply in-
terested in the proper publication of this work.
He supei-intended the taking of the census. His
reputation is involved in it. We are now about
to adopt much in that work which was ne^er
authorized by law; for in the act authorizing
the census to be taken nothing is said about
ascertaining when the States were settled, when
the counties were formed, or making any histori-
cal or geological representations of the various
States in the Union. That was never contem-
plated. But it is all in the returns. They contain
that valuable information all of which we are to
adopt. Who is the author of that? Congress
did not authorize it to be obtained. The Superin-
tendent of the Census, through his labor, has
brought all that into the census returns. It is his
production; and is it not just to him, if you adopt
that as a part of your census returns, that he at
least should have the superintendence of the pub-
lication, so that he may correct any errors which
might creep into it. When you passed the law
authorizing the census to be taken, you said that
the printing of this work should be reserved to
Congress." And why? To keep it out of the
public printer's hands—the printer that you had
already employed by contract to do the (Congres-
sional printing. And why did you do tlmt? In
order that it might be printed in a style to accord
with your views and wishes. Now, Congress
can prescribe the manner and style of publication,
[ and direct the Secretary of the Interior to attend
I to it, or we can direct him to prescribe the manner
1 in wshich it should be done, and he can have it
| done.
j Mr. President, I have very little interest in this.
I matter as to the amount of appropriation. I have
j an interest, thtfugh, in protecting this body from
j unjust insinuations. I have no objection to the
j Union office having this printing. 33ut 1 object to
! their having the exclusive right to it. I maintain
j that Rives, or Gales &, Seaton, and everybody
| el«e, should have the same privilege. No party
! considerations govern me in this matter. None at
j all. I stand independent of all influence of that
I kind. We do not know how the papers will be
i divided in the presidential canvass. It was said
I by the Senator from New Hampshire, [Mr.
I Hale,] that human nature will be the same at
■ least until after the next presidential election.
What does that mean? It means that we are
acting on party purposes; that we are laying down
party positions, and making contracts merely to
subserve party considerations, and not the inter-
ests of the country. I say it is our duty to avoid
that; and the only way to avoid it is to accept the
amendment of the Senator from Connecticut.
Mr. SMITH. There is a blank m the amend-
ment which is to be filled, I move to fill it with
twelve thousand.
Mr. BADGER. I move to fill it with fifty
thousand. '
The PRESIDENT. The question will be first
on the ttiotion of the Senator from North Carolina
to fill the blank with fifty thousand.
When a division was called for—
Mr. BADGER said: As.gentlemen seem to-be
startled at the idea of fifty thousand copies, I -will
change my motion to twenty-five thousand copies.
The twelve thousand proposed by the Senator
from Connecticut will be entirely too inadequate.
It will only involve the necessity of Congress pub-
lishing a future edition of the work with increased
expense.
Mr. PEARCE. Does this refer to the printing,
of a compendium or of the original returns?
Mr. SMITH. The original returns as arranged
in the Census Office. It is the large work.
Mr. BADGER. I did notknow that,
Mr. PEARCE. The number is entirely too
large. I think one-fourth of the quantity will be
entirely adequate.
Mr. BADGER. I thought it related to the
compendium; but as it relates to the original re-
turns, I withdraw my motion.
Mr. BORLAND. I think the whole proceed-
ing, now proposed, embracing the original resolu-
tion, as well as the amendments under considera-
tion, is irregular and premature. The act of the
last Congress, commonly called the Census Bill,
; in reference to the results of which it is now pro-
posed we shall act, requires, by express provision,
that after the information had been collected by
the marshals, and forwarded to Washington, the
Superintendent of Census should digest and pre-
pare a plan for its publication, and lay it before
Congress at this session; and further, that the print-
ing ot the information thus obtained, prepared, and
laid before us, should then be done, as Congress
should direct. Now, sir, I ask, has 'this duty of
the Suprintendent of Census been performed ? Has
the information required by the law, and in the
form required, been laid before us? If so, where
is it—who has seen it—who can tell us anything
about it? What are we to print? Shall it be the
whole mass of matter, in thecrudeand undigested
state in which it was received from the deputy
marshals, that has been received by the Superin-
tendent of Census? Or; if not the whole, then
how much of it, and what part of it? Itseemsto
me that every one must perceive that, before we
undertake to dispose of this matter, it is indispens-
able that we shall know what it is; that is, we
must know what, and how much, we intend to
print, before we can print it; or, what is thesame
thing, contract for it, as proposed in the resolution.
With all the information before the Senate, or the
committee, which could possibly be obtained, it
would be very difficult to make the estimates to
insure an intelligent and practicable contract.
Without any information at all, as to the charac-
ter and quantity of the work, as we now are, it
: would be impossible. No one can tell us, except
by vague and unreliable guesses, whether the
work, when printed, will make one volume, or
twenty volumes. But all the information I have
mentioned, the law actually requires we shall have
before we proceed further. I think every consid-
eration of duty and of policy demands that we
should conform to the requirements of the law.
At the suggestion of a friend near me, I ask for
the reading of the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Connecticut, [Mr. Smith.]
The amendment was read.
Mr. BRIGHT. The original law which was
introduced at the first session of the Thirty-first
Congress, directing the taking of the Seventh Cen-
sus, constituted the Secretary of State and Attor-
ney General a Census Board. They were directed
by the terms of the law to agree upon the statistics
and enumerations of the inhabitants of the United
| States which were to be taken. The forms that
are now in use or h^e been used were adopted.
The census, the enumeration, and statistics were
.collected in pursuance of that law. The Superin-
tendent of the Census Bureau has prepared at the
head of each State, what is called a historical
account of the State. A description of the coun-
ties, of their political organization, resources &e.
is also given. I understand some Senators to
object to the printing of so much of that collection
as relates to the counties. The resolution which
I have offered, places it in the power of the com-
mittee to say whether it shall be printed or not
