1174
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 23,
generally under consideration, and particularly the
homestead bill, and had come to no conclusion
thereon.
APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HOUSTON, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, by unanimous consent, reported the
following bills, which were severally read a first
and second time by their titles, referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and ordered to be printed, viz:
A bill making appropriation for the naval ser-
vice for the year ending June 30, 1853;
A bill mating appropriation for the Post Office
Department during the fiscal year ending June 30,
2853;and
A bill making appropriation for the transporta-
tion of the United States mail by ocean steamers,
or otherwise, during the fiscal year ending June
30, 1853.
Mr. PRICE. I move that when thi: House
adjourns it adjourn to meet again on Monday next.
The question being put, it was disagreed to.
Mr. ROBBINS. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. MEADE. Will the gentleman withdraw
his motion for a moment?
Mr. ROBBINS. I will.
Mr. MEADE. I wished the motion to be with-
drawn, that I might ask for the State of Alabama
the special favor of introducing a bill from the
Committee on the Judiciary, with the view of
having it passed by the House, authorizing a
change in the time of holding the ^courts m that
State.
Mr. HOUSTON. The bill involves no appro-
priation. It simply provides for changing the
time of holding the courts.
No objection being made—
Mr. MEADE, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, reported back, without amendment, and
with a recommendation that it do pass, Senate
bill No. 209, entitled " An act to change the time
of holding the United States district courts in Ala-
bama, and for other puiposes."
The bill was then ordered to be read a third
time; and, having been read a third time, it was
passed.
On motion by Mr. MEADE, the House then
adjourned to meet to-morrow at twelve o'clock.
NOTICE OP A RILL.
Mr. STANTON, of Olno, gave notice that, on to-morrow
or some subsequent day of tin* se^nm, lit: would n^k leave
to introduce a bill entitled ''A bill to sin render to the State
of Ohio the unfinished poition of the Cumbeiland road m
said State."
PETITIONS, See.
The following petitions, memorials, &c., wcie presented
nnrter the rule, and rcfericd to the sppioprute committees •
Hy Mr. BO\rf>, of Kentucky: Tin: petition of John G
Ramsey, piaynur that a patent may i^-uie m lieu of the one
heretofoie i^ued Jame* Ramsey, «>on and the otherheus at-
law of John I'aueun.
By Mr. LW'DRY": The petition of A K. Roman, of;
Louisiana, pi.iv mg the continuation of his title to a tiaetof j
land in -aid State. 1
Bv Mr. (MI \NDLT1R- The mcmoiial or Mc«i<. "Robert j
2c Kneeland, Benjamin T, Swan, and the executor- of ;
Thaddeus Phelp«, of New York, and Jacob Idler, ot I'lnl- I
ndelphm, asking Conines to intcrpo e m behalf of then ,
claim upon the Government of Venezuela. ;
By Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi • The petition of E.
JDoujiIa>< and .'*0 others, eih/ensot Mi-M^sippt. pr.iynvj a !
grant of land tor the benefit r l theFiankbri Institute, a lit- i
eraiv and scientific school, in Copiah county, Mi^HvMppi. !
By Mi. AJjLKi\ , of Illinois: The petition ot S. \V Much- •
oil and Bfi others, citizens of Williamson county, Illinois,
praying the establishment of a po-t route from Raleigh, in j
Saline county, to Marion, tn Williamson county, Illinois. I
ANo, the petition ot T. M. Riley and 89 others, citizens i
of Saline county, Mfmoirf, praying the establishment of the (
same route. I
By Mr. MACK : The memorial of Joseph E. McDonald, j
IN SENATE.
Friday, April s3, 1852.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. C. M. Butler.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a communication from the Commissioner
of Patents, submitting the annual agricultural re-
port of that office.
A motion by Mr. HAMLIN, to print the re-
j port, and also to print 30,000 additional copies
thereof for the useof the Senate, waareferred to the
Committee on Printing."
ORDER OF THE DAY.
Mr. HUNTER. I move to suspend all the prior
orders, for the purpose of taking up the deficiency
bill; and, before the vote is taken on that motion,
1 should like to have read a letter which I have
received from the Secretary of War.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator must make
another motion, and that is, to suspend the order
requiring private bills to be taken up to-day.
Mr. HUNTER, i make that motion. Before
the question taken, I ask for the reading of the
letter which 1 Imve received from the Secretary of
War.
The Secretary read the letter, as follows:
v^ar dfpartment, )
Washington, April 15, 1852. ]
Sir : I take the liberty of informing you that i am appre-
hensive that serious injmy will lesult to the seivice if the
passage of the " deficiency bill," now pending in the Sen
ate, should be much longer deln\ed. Tin; movement* of
tioops, so far us it depends on orders from tins Depaitment,
are entuely arrested by the want of funds to pay lor trans-
portation It i^ considered highly nnpoi taut to maieh sev-
eral companies, of mounted men along the route to Oregon,
duimg the next Mimrner, lor the protection of tire north-
we-tern frontier, and of emigrants to the Pacific coast; but j
there ai e no liot es lor ibis purpose and no means to put- j
chase them, and it is feaied that, before the neoe-«ary ar- !
ifingementsean 1m: made,tin;season will be tootai advanced i
to carry tins plan into execution. j
For these reasons [ re^peetluily urge an early considera- '
tion of the full 111 question •
I luvt the honoi to be, very respectfully, vour obedient :
servant, (J. M. (H)NilAD, j
Secretary of War. j:
Hon. R. M. T. Hunter, I
Chau man of the Committee on Finance, \
United States Senate. :
Mr. CLEMENS. I hope that course will not j
be pursued. The deficiency bill has occupied the j
attention of the Senate to the exclusion of nil other \
business for several days. I have no objection to j
considering it at. the proper time, and in its proper '
place, but we have for two weeks postponed the i
consideration of private bills. The private claim- j
ants who have been here waiting on the justice of j
Congress, have been delayed for two weeks. This ,
day was specially set apart for the consideration
of their claims, and I do object to thrusting in
other business to take precedence of them. Be-
sides, there are other reasons why the deficiency
bill should notbetaken up to-day. Itis well known i
ihatthe Senator from Texas, [Mr. Rusk,] who is i
prevented by indisposition from being here to-day, i
is exceedingly anxious to address tht> Senate on 1
that Lull. We would owe it to him, if it came up 1
propei (y, to postpone it, m order to give him an \
opportunity of doing so. I hope we will proceed
to the consideration of private business to-day,
and take up the deficiency bill at a proper time
and in its proper place. As to these contracts for
the transportation of troops mentioned m the let- <
ter of the Secretary of War, we all know better
than that. We all know that the law authorizes
the Secretary to contract for the transportation of
supplies, without any appropriation.
Mr. HUNTER, t can only say, so far as the
Senator from Texas is concerned, that I called to j
see him this morning, and told him that if the '
question was likely to come to a vote, in the event
Isaac O. Elj*ton, Homy S. Lane, Jacob Winn, John Wii- 1! of the Senate taking up the deficiency bill, I would
iliiatn Swining, committee m tj send for him, and let him know. But I told him
?on. Alex. Thomson, and W
behalf of the people of Fountain, Montgomery, and lloone
counties, a*kiriK a srrant of land* aid m constructing a
railroad from Springfield. Illinois, via Danville, to Coving-
ton, Crawfordsviile, and Anderonunvn, Indiana.
By Mr. KIIiliEY: The petition of George \V. Campbell
and 101 other*, citizens of Minnesota, praying that the en-
gineer m charge of the Government loads'in that Territory
he authorized to change the route of the road from Point
DouslfVi to the Fall* of the St Louis liver, *o that it shall
pas<* by Bowlegs Mills, instead of by Cottage Grove.
By Mr JOHNSON, of Tennessee : The petition of Geo.
Hickman, o*' Tennessee, piaving Oongre-s to grant him a
pension for services riindei ed in the war of 1S1-2 with Great
Biitain.
By Mr. APPLRTON, of Maine • The petition of John
?tarhn<r «ud other?, ot Portland, Maine, prsving that the
fishing bountv may be allowed to the owners of the schooner
Elizaboth. lo.-t at sea.
i that I also understood that there were several
i speeches to be made on the subject, and that I did
! not suppose we would be able to get to a vote
1 to-day. But even supposing that we should be '
i able to get a vote on the amendment giving addi-
tional compensation to Collinses line of steamers,
when we got to that point, the amendment might
be laid aside by general consent, and we might go
on with other amendments.
As to the propriety of attending to the consid-
' eration of private bills, or taking up tins measure,
j the Senate can judge as well as"I can. I leave it
; to them to say.
I Mr. HAMLIN". The Senator from Texas,
who ia chairman of the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, is very desirous of sub-
mitting some remarks on the amendment pending
to the deficiency bill. As it is one connected di-
rectly with the administration of the Post Office
Department, his indisposition is, I think, a full
justification why we should not proceed with that
bill to-day. But the other reasons which the Sen-
ator from Alabama has stated, certainly will in-
duce me to vote to adheie this day to private bills.
I hope the Senate will do so.
Mr. CASS. I saw the Senator from Texas
about half an hour ago. He desired me to say-
that he would not oppose the consideration of this
bill to-day; but considering his relation as chair-
man of the Post Office Committee, and the in-
quiries which he has made into this matter, and
knowing that he is very anxious to address the
Senate on the subject, I hope we will not take up
the bill to-day.
Mr, DOWNS. I hope that the private bills
will not longer be delayed. They have already
been delayed, not only for two weeks, but for
two or three weeks previously nothing was done
except to discuss some particular private bills. I
take it that this rule, setting apart to-day for
private bills, meant something. If we are con-
stantly to dispense with it, it would be better to
abrogate it at once. I see no pressing necessity
for acting on the deficiency bill to-day. It can-
not be disposed of to-day; and for the mere gain of
one day I think ltwili be better not to take it up*
but go on with the Private Calendar.
Mr. WALKER. I hope the rule will not be
dispensed with. I am at the head of one of the
committees from which private biUs come. That
committee has reported bills of an important
character. If we are to have those bills consid-
ered at all, I hope the Senate will bestow the one
day allotted to them to their consideration. I hope
their consideration will not be longer postponed. !
make this appeal to the Senate, as I am at the
hend of one of the committees from which private
bills come.
Mr. ADAMS. I beg leave to suggest that
there are evident indications of the public re-
quiring the attention of this body; and as it is
desirable to act upon the deficiency bill, I suggest
that to-morrow, by common consent, and without
any motion, be set apart for the consideration of
that bill. It is a leisure day—a day on which we
are in the habit of taking holiday. Now, if the
public business requires the action of the body, I
hope that to-morrow will beset apart as a day for
its consideration; and that we shall proceed to-day
with the regular order of business.
Mr. HUNTER'S motion was not agreed to.
THE CARMELITE NUNNERY ORDER OF
BUSINESS.
The PRESIDENT. The first question before
the Senate will be on the motion to reconsider the
vote rejecting the bill from the House of Repre-
sentath es for the benefit of the Carmelite Nunnery
of Baltimore.
Mr. DOWNS. I would suggest that this is a
bill in which the Senator from Maryland [Mr.
Pratt] takes a deep interest. He is absent to-
day; and, therefoie, I move that its further con-
sideration be postponed until next Friday.
Mr. DAWSON. I hope that this bill will not
be postponed. I presume that there will be no
difficulty about passing it now. It is for a very
small amount, and I do not think there can be any
difficulty about passing it.
Mr. HALE. The Senator from Georgia is very
much mistaken.
Mr. DAWSON. If it be not desired by the .
Senator from Louisiana that the bill should lie
over, I would be very much pleased to have the
vote taken on it now.
Mr. DOWNS. I do not object to that course,
and therefore I withdraw my motion.
Mr. HUNTER. I think it would be better to
lay over that bill. The Senator from Maryland,
who takes a deep interest in it, is absent, and I
apprehend that it will not pass without opposi-
tion. It is the same bill which has been debated
here before.
Mr. DAWSON. I did not know that the bill
was to be re-debated. I thought that the debate
before had covered the whole ground. And I was
under the impression that the vote could be taken
at once.
