1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
^yS";
I do not see how the Senate can decide that. I
have proposed to refer it to the committee, inferring
that they are the judges as to what should be
printed in this case, as they have been in all other
cases of printing—for when we introduce a bill or
report, I believe, under the rule, it goss to that
committee, and they have the power to decide
whether it shall be printed or not, or at least to
act upon it and recommend to the Senate what
should be done. And I have known of no case
where their report was overruled.
Mr. BORLAND. It has been done frequently.
Mr. BRIGHT. At any rate, the original reso-
lution contemplates the reference of this matter to
that committee, and they are to decide what shall
be printed, and upon %vhat terms it shall be done.
I shall not address myself to the amendment of
the Senator from Connecticut, for the reason that
I have no idea that it can be adopted. I think,
however, that twenty-five thousand is an ample
number; but that is a matter not provided for oy
my resolution. The committee can decide upon
that and report to the Senate.
Mr. BORLAND. The Senator from Indiana
(Mr. Bright] has fallen (inadvertently, I have
no doubt) into a mistake upon two points:
1st. He has, I think, misapprehended the pre-
liminary census bill as to the functions and duties
of the Census Board created by it. He proceeds
upon the supposition that the powers of that
Board were plenary, and its action final, in adopt-
ing the plan for taking the Seventh Census. In
this he is mistaken. It was made the duty of
thatBoard to'prepare apian, embracing schedules,
for the use of the marshals in taking the census.
That was the extent of its powers; and its action,
even to that limited extent, was not final. It was
required to report to this body what it had done.
That report was made, and we all remember what
was then done. A census committee was then
appointed, to whom the report of the Census
Board was referred. The plan proposed by the
Board was revised, and materially modified by
the committee. And the revision and modifica-
tion did not stop there; but when the committee
reported to the Senate, a protracted discussion
was had—the whole subject was examined, per-
haps more thoroughly ^nd critically than any
other subject has ever been examined here;
many days, indeed my memory is that several
weeks, were occupied with it. Many, and in
some respects radical, changes were made. In
the schedules, whole columns were stricken out
and others were added; and in several instan-
ces, I think, the captions were so altered as to
give an entirely new character to the informa-
tion to be collected. When we had done with it,
in this respect, and adopted a general plan, which
may be called a new plan, of our own, upon the
basis, I admit, of those furnished us by the Board
and committee, but materially differing from both,
we were so careful to guard the consummation of
a work to which we attached so much importance
and upon which we had bestowed so much labor,
that we would not agree that its results should be
printed and published until it should again under-
go our scrutiny and revision. For this final scru-
tiny and revision, we provided in the census bill,
proper, passed at the conclusion of that careful
and extended discussion, by requiring that the
Superintendent of Census, after the information
should have been collected, under the law and
according to the plan we had adopted, should
classify and arrange that information and lay it
before us with a plan for its publication at this
session of Congress! The d ty of thus classify-
ing and arranging the information collected under
the census bill, and of laying it, together with a
plan for its publication, before us, has not yet
been performed. Until that shall have been done,
we have nothing to act upon for the purpose of
printing. There is nothing to print.
2d. The Senator is ecjuallf mistaken as to the
functions and powers of the Committee on Print-
ing. The powers of that committee, like those of
alfour other committees, are properly limited to
making reports and recommendations. In the
matter'of ordering documents to be printed, its
action is, in no case, final. A motion to print is
made in the .Senate, and then referred to the com-
mittee. This is followed by a report from the
committee, which is only a recommendation
which the Senate can adopt or reject at its pleas-
ure; and it is well known that they not unfre-
quently do reject these recommendations. As a
general practice, I admit, the reports from the
Committee on Printing are adopted; but there
have beeij many instances of rejection, and still
more of modification. Certain it is that the action
of the committee is, in no such case, final.-
Mr. BRIGHT. I desire to make one remark
to correct the Senator from Arkansas. I was not
mistaken in saying that the census, as taken
under the present heads, is in conformity with
the directions of Congress. I «hink the Senator
himself is mistaken in having mistaken me. I
stated that the report made by the Census Board
was adopted, to be sure with alteiations, by
Congress subsequently; but the recommendations
made by Congress, correcting the report of that
Board, have been adopted and followed by the
Superintendent of the Census. It is in pursuance
I of corrections made by the Senate that the census
has been taken and prepared, and it is now ready
for delivery. The Senator from Massachusetts
[Mr. Davis] can correct me if I am mistaken.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. Pres 
Mr. BORLAND. Will the Senator permit me
to make a single remark ?
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly.
Mr. BORLAND. I will admit that the Super-
intendent of the Census has followed the general
plan prescribed in the census bill for taking the
census. But in the remarks 1 just now made I
did not allude to that part of his duty; I was
speaking of his other duty, required by the law,
to classify and arrange the information collected,
and prepare and lay before us a plan for its publi-
cation. I repeat, the census bill requires this last-
named duty of him, and its due performance is an
indispensable preliminary to our action upon the
question of printing. We are not to print and
throw out to the public the enormous and crude
mass of matter made up of all the returns of all the
marshals hi the form 111 which it has been received
at the Census Office. Why, sir, if we were so
unwise as to undertake such a work as that, it
would be difficult to estimate its cost in dollars
and cents, and equally difficult, perhaps, to find
room in the Capitol for the books after they were
printed. I feel quite sure this Chamber is not
large enough to contain them. But the proper
course alike for the Superintendent of Census
and for us, is plainly and imperatively marked
out by the law: He shall classify and arrange the
information, and then lay his plan for its publica-
tion before us; and it becomes our duty, after
adopting, modifying, or substituting that plan, to
order tiie printing in accordance with the plan
agreed upon. Any plan to be adopted must of
course embrace such a condensation and digest
of the'whole mass of information as to bring it
within a compendious and practicable compass
for printing.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not think it is very import-
ant to go into the history of the bill under which
the census was taken, though I apprehend that
both the gentlemen, especially the Senator who
brings forward this resolution, are under some
mistake about it. The truth is, that the Census
Board, as it is termed, was directed by Congress
to make a set of tables; but when Congress as-
sembled, no set of tables was laid before them.
They, however, appointed a special committee to
enter upon this subject. That committee had ac-
complished nearly all their labors before any offi-
cial report was made at all, and then a very large
portion of their work, as my friend knows, was
incorporated into the report of this very board.
That is the history of those tables. They came
in an unofficial form that had been worked out by
a number of individuals who had been employed
upon that subject. They contained information
of very great value. They were of very great
importance, but at the same time they were not
officially laid before us. It was upon them that |
the tables were finally built up mainly and chiefly j
by the committee. But that is not of any im- j
portance. It was sufficiently discussed at the last j
Congress. . i
Mr. President, I had supposed when the dis- j
cussion upon this subject first commenced, when ;
this topic was first brought before the Senate, 1
that there was in preparation—indeed, 1 had seen
it announced in the newspapers that there was
in preparation—a condensation of the statistics
for the State of Maryland, which was to be laid
before Congress as a specimen of the method of
4)ie preparation, which would he followed oift
with the residue of the States rind''Temtd-'
ries. It has been so said since the subject "hasj
been under consideration here. Well,'sir, it'i&!
quite necessary that this vast mass' of matter^
which I suppose goes into the Census Office fry.
cart-loads, should be condensed with great judg-
ment and good sense, and reduced to some prac-
tical size, so that it can be brought into print
without incurring any very enormous expense to!
do it, and into a form that will be useful to the.
public. On that hangs all the value of this im-
mense undertaking of collecting statistics of p6p'-,
ulation, &c. I do not know to what the expense
of all. this will sum up, but I supnose it will be
from one to two and a half millions of dollars.
My honorable friend from Connecticut says thatit;
will be somewhere between seventeen and'eighteen
hundred thousand dollars. I speak of the ex-
pense of taking the census. I mean to say, that
this information is acquired by the payment of a
vast sum of money. It is either valuable or
ought to be valuable. And, sir, when we are un-
dertaking to arrange this matter so as to spread it
before the public in a form that will make it ac-
cessible, I really thirkk we ought to understand
what we are about to do. Now, I would ask the
Senator who takes the lead in this business, where
is that account of the State of Maryland which
was proposed to be laid before us ?
Mr. BRIGHT. I have a copy.
Mr. DAVIS. I have not seen it on my table.
It has not been communicated in any form that I
have seen.
Mr. BRIGHT. I will answer the Senator. I
obtained a copy only by applying- at the office for
it, for the purpose of information. 1 obtained it
as a sample to show the size of the, work, and
whdt would be the probable cost of it. I did not
bring all which relates to the State of Maryland.
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator says he has been
favored with a part of it. We all want to see it.
We all desiie to see the plan, to see what the Su-
perintendent of the Census proposes to do with the
information which has been collected. After we
have seen his plan and arrangement in regard to
Maryland, we can form some opinion as to what
will be the size of the work; whether the arrange-:
ment of the work is judicious; whether It is thrown
into a form which will be most useful; or whether
it is capable of improvement. If it is capable of
improvement, the improvement ought to be made.
Gentlemen ought to have an opportunity of seeing
it. They ought to have an opportunity of examin-
1 ing it; and when they have done that, they can act
| understanding^ oil the subject, and not before, in
| my opinion. The act itself, as has been justly
I said by the Senator from Aikansas, [Mr. Bor-
land,] provides that such an arrangement, when
made, should be reported to this body. It' ought
to have been done long ago. We cannot act uii-
derstandingly upon the business until we See what
the plan of operationsis—until we can comprehend
what is to be done.
Well, it is said that the statistics of each State,
and of each county, and for aught I know, of eaGh*
town, are to be preceded by a succinct history of
the State and county. Now, if I do not misjudge,
this is entirely out of place. I^doee not bel'ongto
statistics. It is no part of the object of Congress
to publish a history of the country. It,is to pub-
lish the figui es with such explanations as will
enable the reader to understand them. That is all.
And of what importance is it to know whether a
county exists, when it was first laid out, and when
it was divided or subdivided ? Of what importance
is that? All that information can be obtained else-
where with great ease. It belongs to other parts?
of history. It does not belong to statistics.
Moreover, it is likely that by a process of that
sort you will swell this work to a very inordinate
size, at a very enormous expense; for it is car-
ried on, as every one concedes, with an enormous
expenditure. Then why should we trouble our-
selves with this? Why not bring these tables
down to the smallest possible compass, with an
arrangement lucid in its character, and which
should give the facts. That is what we want.
We want a tabular statement; we want accuracy;
we want a clear and succinct method of doing.'it;
and that is what we desire. We do not want his-
tory.
I did not wish to say one word about this master;
i but when I am called on to vote without proper
