185-2.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Superintendent of the "Census, brought matters
within the operation of the census which were
never contemplated by the Constitution itself. I
said then, that the Constitution provided that a
census should be taken. "What is comprehended
under the word '• Census i" Why, an enumera-
tion of the population. For what purpose ? To
enable Congress to regulate the representation of
the different portions of the Confederacy. It was j
also intimated, perhaps, that it might legitimately ;
fall within the scope of such an agency to take j
also an estimate of property, real and personal, i
To that extent I was willing to go. But the act i
went further. It required a species of information, j
rather to satisfy the curious than to comply with
the strict requisitions of the Constitution. ]
This is history, it is said. It must be regarded,
according to my notions, as of the same kind of ;
information as that to which I have just alluded, j
And how does it came before the Senate ? We
supposed that in the act which we passed for ,
taking th e census, we imposed legislative sancti ons,
by \^hich the information there provided for should j
alone be collected. But after the act was passed, j
I suppose, this Superintendent of the Census, or 1
somebody else, wrote to the marshals, voluntarily, i
requiring them to become historians as far as j
regards collecting certain materials of the history
of their own counties and districts. Who, then,
is to be the historian? The Superintendent him-
self, taking these materials and making a book of
them ?
I have heretofore regarded the office of a his-
torian as one of the very highest importance, re-
quiring a rare combination of industry, talents,
and judgment; and, above all, a degree of deliber-
ation, and extreme impartiality, and honesty in
reviewing all the incidents and materials put before
his mind. And here we are now proposing to
add, after what has been provided by the act, a
book of about fifteen hundred pages at least, com-
posed of historical matter.
I agree with my friend from Maryland that we ■
ought not to act upon this subject without "Rav-
ing a sample before us. But if we leave it to the
Secretary of the Interior, to the Superintendent of
the Census, or to any committee of the body, we
do so blindly, on faithf when they may do what
perhaps we might reject. If we had committed
it to the Secretary of the Interior, and he had
embraced these matters, we see what an abuse it
might have been. If we had committed it to the *
Committee on Printing, they might have under- j
taken to have added these as an appendix to what
the law requires, and that would have been an
abuse. We cannot intelligently legislate on this ,
subject, without having before us some sample of '
what is to be printed; and I would be prepared to ;
strike out. rather than to add, for I think we have ;
required a great deal of curious information to be
collected under the act not contemplated by the j
Constitution, much of which ought to be stricken j
out. I shall vote, therefore, to postpone, with a
very clear view of the subject in connection with
what I had of it before. - 1
Mr BORLAND. Mr. President, I desire now
merely to call attention to the language of the 1
law, to which I have several times referred. J
First however, I would correct the misunder-
standing into which I find some of my friends j
have fallen, as to what I said of the manner in :
•which the Superintendent of the Census has per- j
formed his duty in having the census taken. 1 ,
was understood by some to indorse the manner m |
which he has performed that duty—to say that he j
had done so in strict conformity with the law. in !
thisJL was misunderstood. What I intended to ;
-and what I thinlc I did say—was, that I 1
After prescribing the general duties of the Super-
intendent for taking the Census, and receiving the
marshal's returns, it holds this language:
" And, further, as the returns are so made, to cause the
same to be classified and arianged in tke best and most
convenient manner for use, and lay the same befoie Con-
gress at the next session thereof."
StW—ana wnat , ,
was willing to admit, and had no reason to doubt,
that he had so performed that part of his duty.
"Whether he has so performed the duty or not, 1
have no means of knowing, for I have not seen
the work. I based my admission m his favor,
to that extent, upon the opmion-the correctness
of which I have no reason to doubt—that he is a
gentleman of intelligence and integrity, who would
do his duty under the law.
But to the mam purpose for which I rose. I
said, and repeat, that, in my opinion, this whole
movement for having the printing of the census
undertaken at this time is premature, and not only
not in conformity with the law but m derogation
of it I hold that law in my hand, and find this
subject disposed of in the nineteenth section.
at tuv; -----
Now, sir, this duty of the Superintendent has
not been performed—his plan, as required by the
law, lias not been laid before us. We have not
the matter before us which the law requires we
should have before we act, and without which,
in the very nature of things, we cannot make our
action either sensible, practical, or useful.
This, if it were needed, would be placed in a
clearer and stronger light, by quoting another and
subsequent passage of the same section of the law,
providing directly and specifically for this very
printing. I will read it, from the Proviso, at the
close of the section:
"The blanks and preparatory printing for taking the Cen-
sus shall bi- prepared and executed under the direction of
the Ce rtis Board; the other printing to be executed as
Congress shall
How can we execute this provision of the law
—how direct this printing to be done, unless we
know itlni, and how much is to be done? The
work we are now asked to have done, is not before
us. and has never been here—indeed, it has 110
existence anywhere; for, remember, it is the
"plan " of publication upon which we are to act,
and .in regard to which we are to give our " direc-
tion." It is certainly our duty, then, I think, to
postpone all action upon the question until we
have something to act upon.
Mr. DAVIS. If the gentleman will allow me,
I will recall one fact to his mind. In the original
Census bill, as reported by the committee, there
was a provision for printing the census returns.
When the subject came to be discussed, it was
found that there was so much difficulty attending
the making of a provision by anticipation, that by
common consent that provision was stricken out
and there was substituted for it a clause that Con-
gress should provide for the printing of the re-
turns. It was said "We will wait until we see
the returns before we make any order as to print-
ing them."
- Mr. BORLAND. The Senator from Massa-
chusetts is correct in his recollection. I thank him
for the suggestion. It was said that as we differed
so much about the details of the general plan for
taking the census—as the Census Board, the Cen-
sus Committee, and the Senate each entertained dif-
ferent opinions on subjects whicliin all their parts
were before us, we would, indeed, be acting un- ,
wisely to prescribe what should be done in matters
of which we had, and then could have no knowl-
edge whatever. So we reserved this final action
to future discretion, when the only proper basis
for correct action, the matter to be acted upon,
should be fully and intelligibly before us. Cer-
tainly, no one, then, entertained the idea that the
disposal of the main and most important point m
this whole matter, that upon which the value of
all the work depended, and the disposal of which
we so carefully guarded, was to be left to the dis-
cretion of a single individual, no matter what
might be his qualifications. The law which, af-
ter protracted discussion, and the most careful re-
vision, we then passed, reserved this final action !
to ourselves, and, in my opinion, wisely so re-j
served it. That law, also, prescribed the basis of.
our action—a basis which all must admit to be in- >
dispensable to useful action, and there I think it !
ought to rest, and so far as my vote will influence
the decision, it shall rest. . |
Mr. ATCHISON. Mr. President, it is my m- ;
tention to move to lay this resolution on the table ;
to effect the object intended to be effected by the ,
Senator from Maryland, that this matter may be
postponed until it shall be ascertained what it is |
we are to print. It is the opinion of the Senator ;
from Maryland, and it seems to be the opinion of |
other gentlemen, that perhaps in two or three .
weeks this may be effected. Now, by laying the
subject on the table, we will have a test question I
on whether it shall be postponed or not—not for [
the purpose of finally disposing of the resolution,
but that it may lie on the table until the informa- j
tion referred to shall be received; and then any
gentleman can move to take it up. I move to lay
i the resolution on the table.
i Mr. BRADBURY. If the Senator will with-
1 draw the motion, I will renew it.
Mr. ATCHISON. I withdraw it.
Mr. BRADBURY. I understand die object of
postponement to be that we may have an oppor- ■
tunity of examining the historical part of the
document which is being prepared. The original
act specifies with sufficient, distinctness what is the
duty of the Census Board. For one, I am totally
opposed to going beyond what" that act requires,
and publishing anything more than that act made
necessary. It has already been stated by a mem-
ber of the Committee on Printing that lie should
not regard it as his duty to contract for the pub-
lication of any of the historical part of the work
which is said to be prepared. He stated that he
regarded it as no part of the census, and as hav-
ing no necessary connection with the tables which
should be published. 1 think that is the general
opinion of the Senate. It is for that purpose that
I am prepared to vote for the original resolution
authorizing this committee to contract for the pub-
lication of the census.
1 really think that it is magnifying the labor of
the clerks in the Census Bureau who have under-
taken, as a work of supererogation, to turn histo-
rians, that we should delay for a fortnight or three
weeks in order to examine their history, and see
whether we will imbody it in the census returns.
For one, I am totally opposed to it, and I do not
think we need any delay for that purpose: 1 hope,
therefore, that the motion, which I shall feel bound
to renew, of the honorable Senator from Missouri,
will not prevail, but that we shall get rid of this
Will I1UI. picvmi, J./UU umv nv 5-,^*  
subject to-night. We wish to publish the census,
and we wish to have the printing well done. Com-
petent men are prepared to contract, and it is pro-
posed that a committee, in whom we can repose
confidence, shall contract with them, provided they
can do it on fair terms. I see no difficulty, then,
in the way of the adoption of the resolution at
once. It seems to me that we shall only magnify
a trifling matter by attempting to postpone our
action to a future day. Time enough has already
been occupied in debate on this question. We
have seen resolutions of equal importance, involv-
ing an equal amount of expenditure, passed almost
without debate. I presume that every Senator has
made up his mind, and that we can act now as well
as at any time. The difficulty that has arisen m the
minds of Senators has arisen in consequence of the
suggestion that the Census Bureau have gone be-
yond the requirements of the law, and have under-
taken to give a historical detail of the btates, the
counties in the States, and perhaps the towns.
Inasmuch as we shall not probably desire to em-
brace any such information in the census returns,
I think we may as well act on the resolution now.
According to promise, I renew the motion of the
Senator from Missouri. ' .
Mr. BRIGHT. I hope the Senator will with-
draw his motion, and I will renew it if he requests
^ Mr. ATCHISON. I made the motion for the
purpose of getting rid of debate, but I withdraw
the motion to accommodate the honorable Senator
from Indiana. . .
Mr. BRIGHT. I find that this proposition is
greatly embarrassed by a collateral question which
has really nothing to do with it. This resolution
is couched in very plain language. It directs the
Committee on Printing to perform a certain duty
—that duty is pointed out by a previous law. A
previous law of Congress prescribes that a census
of the inhabitants of the United States shall bo
taken in a certain way—that certain statistics shn.i
be collected under proper heads, and arranj-eo and
classified. This resolution merely co .e.r.;,l..i<:s
that the Committee on Printing be dnt  •., in
contract for the printing of this work. It nov,
pears that the Board who have been charged Willi
the duty of preparing these tables have added
some extraneous matter. This question is em-
barrassed by the consideration whether this extra-
neous historical matter shall be printed. My
impression is that Senators greatly magnify the
amount of this printing; but I do not wish, by
any act of mine, to seek to force gentlemen to vote
without having an opportunity of understanding
the question in all its parts; and as the mover of
the original resolution I am willing to accept the
motion of the honorable Senator from Maryland
to postpone its further consideration until this day
three weeks, to give Senators an opportunity of
! looking into the matter. .
I Mr. PEARCE. The motion submitted by me
