1178
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 23,
the Senate. About four and a half years ago, the
honorable Senator from Michigan [Mr. Cass]
stated to the Senate that the Committee on Pen-
sions had selected the strongest case they could
find asking for arrearages of pension, and they
reported a bill giving arrearages. The Senator
stated at the time that the committee would be
thereafter governed by the action of the Senate
upon that case, which was the strongest—asking
for arrearages of pension. The Senate* by a very
decided vote, as will be seen in Houston's report,
voted against paying the arrearages of pension in
the strongest case which could be presented.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. At that time.
Mr. HALE. For that reason I have thought
-it my duty to interpose these objections, and must
do so until a decided vote be taken upon the ques-
tion.
Mr. CASS. Is that bill up for consideration ?
The PRESIDENT. It is. A proposition is
made to insert "52" in place of "42."
Mr. CASS. I hope and trust 
The PRESIDENT. If the question be debated,
the bill will have to go over.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Let it go oveu
Mr. BORLAND. I hope the Senator will
withdraw his objection, and let action be taken
upon the hdl.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I cannot. I want to
know why we make a different rule here from that
which prevails in the Pension Department.
Mr. BORLAND. I merely wish to suggest to
the Senator from Kentucky that this is a case pre-
cisely like one which he introduced into the Sen-
ate, which was reported upon by the Committee
on Pensions, and passed in favor of a lady in
Kentucky.
The bill was accordingly passed over.
THEODORE E. ELTJOTT.
The bill for the relief of Theodore E. Elliott,
reported from the Committee on Indian Affairs,
was read a second time, and the Senate proceeded
to consider it as in Committee of the Whole. It
enacts that the sum of $300 he appropriated to
pay to Theodore E. Elliott, in satisfaction of his
claim for a keel-boat furnished to P. M. Cutler, late
agent for the Cherokee^, for transporting supplies
under the treaty to the Indian Territory, to be paid
as other moneys disbursed by the Commissioner
of Indian AOairs.
At the request of Mr. Bayard the report was
read, from which it appears tli.it, in 1842, Elliott
was the owner of the steamer Effort, then running
on the Arkansas river, having in tow a keel-boat
for P. M. Butler, Cherokee agent; that Dutler pro-
posed to buv the boat for the use of the agency, at
the price of $31)0, for the purpose of tnuiNpoitmg
iron, agricultural implements, and other supplies
for the Cherokee^, a« the rt\er was too low to en-
able the steamer toascpnd above Webster's Palls.
The proposition was acceded to by Captain Elliott.
The contract is fully proven by credible wit-
nesses, one of whom was the pilot on board the
steamer. It funiier appears, by a communication
from the Indian Office, and from the Second Au-
ditor, that nothing was ever paid for the boat, nor
is there any charge for the same in the accounts
of Mr. Buiier, as agent.
Mr. BAYARD. I would ask of the Senator
who reported thiy bill, whether there is any evi-
dence of the contract being recognized by the De-
partment in any mode? I am not altogether satis-
fied in relation to it myself, and therefore should
prefer to pass over the bill that I may look into it.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I reported the bill from the
committee, and would merely say that the evidence
as to the contract was plenary, full, to the satis-
faction of the committee. They called upon the
Department to know whether the contract had ever
been complied with an 1 the debt discharged. Upon
an inspection of Governor Butler's accounts, as
Cherokee agent, it was found that he had given no
credit for it, and that the debt had never been dis-
charged. The committee, therefore, reported the
bill.
Objection being made, the bill was passed over.
BARBARA REILY.
The bill for the relief of Barbara Reily, reported
from the Comm'ttee on Pensions, was read a sec-
ond time, and (he Senate pioeeeded to consider it
as m Committee of the Whole.
It enacts that the Secretary of the Interior be
required to pay to Barbara Reily, widow of Cap-
tain Reily, an officer in the Army of the Revolu-
tion, the amount of pension du£ her husband from
the time he was last paid, to March 4, 1820.
Mr. EELCII objected to the consideration of
the bill, and it was passed over.
ROBERT MILLIGAN.
The next was House bill for the relief of Robert
Milhgan, reported from the Committee on Pen-
sions, which the Senate proceeded, as in Commit-
tee of the Whole, to take into consideration.
It enacts that the Secretary of the Interior be
directed to place the name of Robert Milhgan
upon the invalid pension roll, at the rate of $4
per month, in addition to the sum of $4 to which
lie was entitled under the law of Congress, ap-
proved June 25, 1834, to commence on the 1st of
January,1852.
At the request of Mr. DAWSON, the report
was read, from which it appears that the petitioner
states, in his petition, that on the 27th of January,
1812, he enlisted in the Army of the United
States, and served in the third regiment of infan-
try, and was honorably discharged at Washing-
ton, Pennsylvania, by General Aiacomb, on 
day of  , 1817, having served out his full
time. It further appears that, while in the ser-
vice, he was employed as an artificer in the con-
struction of Fort Wayne, and while there leceived
an injury in his left knee from a broad-axe with
which he was working. He also had an arm
crushed and dislocated from the elbow joint, be-
sides contracting asthma, and becoming deaf in
one ear, caused by exposure while on duty as a
soldier. Of these facts, however, he could pro-
cure no certificate of a surgeon, as there was no
such officer stationed at the foit. At the expira-
tion of his term of service, upon a petition and a
representation of these facts to Congress, a law
was passed and approved in June, 3844, to allow
luni a month pension, commencing January,
1833. The petitioner now prays for airearages of
pension from the tune of hi« discharge, at the rate
of $4 a month, up to the first of January, 1833,
when his name was first put on the pension roll.
In support of the petition, he produces the certifi-
cate of two surgeons, whose respectability is cer-
tified by a justice of the peace. They certify that
m consequence of the injuries set forth, the peti-
tioner is laboring under total disability.
The committee state that they are averse to
gianting baUc pensions, as in almost every instance
where they are applied for, it is at the solicitation
of speculators, whose greediness prompts the pen-
sioner to suffer himself to be made the means of a
fraud upon the Tie.isury; but from the facts dis-
closed in this case, and in view of the age of the
petitioner, and his inability to peiform any labor
by which he can procure for himself a comfortable
subsistence, and in view of the fact that Congress
has heretofore lecognized his case as a meritorious
one, they are of opinion that the additional sum
of £ 4 a month should be allowed, to commence
from the first of January, 3852.
Mr. DAWSON. I object to the consideration
of that bill now. I want to see the general prin-
ciple settled.
The bill was accordingly passed over.
MARK BEAN AND RICHARD H. BEAN.
The Senate proceeded, as m Committee of the
Whole, to consider the bill for the relief of Mark
Bean and Richard H. Bean, reported from the
Committee on Public Lands.
It enacts that the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to pay to Mark and Richard H. Bean,
of Arkansas, out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, the sum of $15,000,
as compensation and indemnity, in full, for losses
sustained by them m their removal under the third
article of the treaty with the Cherokee Indians, of
May 1G, 1828, by which they were compelled to
abandon not only lands they had settled, cultiva-
ted, and improved, but an extensive manufactory
of salt, warehouses, dwelling-houses, and other
large improvements, of which, and the prospective
advantages therefrom, they were thus deprived by
the act of the Government.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading,
Mr. UNDERWOOD subsequently rose and
said: I was called out a little while ago,and while
I was absent a bill was called up for the relief of
Mark Bean and Richard H. Bean. I was opposed
to the passage of that bill, and 1 wanted to call the
attention of the Senate to some facts in connection
with it.
Mr. ATCHISON. To accommodate the Sen-
ator from Kentucky, 1 move to reconsider the
vote ordering that bill to be engrossed.
Mr. BORLAND. I presume that, upon that
motion, the merits of the bill will come up. I am
prepared to explain the bill.
Mr. BADGER. I move to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table. That will get rid of it for
the present.
The motion to lay on the table was agreed to.
DAVID CORDEROY,
The joint resolution for the relief of the heirs of
David Corderoy, reported from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, was read a second time, and the
Senate proceeded to consider it as in Committee
of the Whole.
It provides that the proper officers of the Treas-
ury shall ascertain and pay to the legal represent-
atives of David Coideroy, deceased, the value of
a certain reservation of six hundred and forty
acres, as unimproved land at the date of the treaty
of 1835, which reservation was allowed under the
eighth article of the treaty of 1817, and the thir-
teenth article of the treaty of 1835, made with the
Cherokee Indians; and that the amount so ascer-
tained, without interest, be paid out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
At the request of Mr. felch,the report was
read, from which it appears, that by the treaty of
1817, David Corderoy, as the head of an Indian
family, was entitled to a " life estate" in a reserva-
tion of six hundred and forty acres, with reversion
to his widow and children. That treaty ceded to
the United States a portion of the country of the
Cherokees, east of the Mississippi, for a like
quantity west of that river in the then Territory of
Arkansas. It allowed such reservation to each
head of an Indian family, who resided upon terri-
tory then or thereafter to be ceded to the United
States, who might wish to become a citizen of the
United States; and provided that the register of
the names of such reservees should be filed in the
office of the Cherokee agent. By the treaty of
1819, a further tract of country was ceded, and
the same provision as to reservations extended to
those heads of families who resided within the
ceded territory, those enrolled for emigration to
Arkansas excepted. Corderoy registered his name
for reservation under the treaty of 1817, but was
not embraced within the territory ceded in 1819.
By the thirteenth article of the treaty of 1835,
which ceded the remaining territory of the Chero-
kees, reservations were to be allowed to the heads
of families who were entitled under the treaty of
1817, who had complied with its stipulations, not-
withstanding the lands were not included within
the lands ceded by the treaty of 1819. The right
of Corderoy was thus revived and provided for.
A supplemental article of the last-named treaty,
adopted in 1836, extinguished all reservations and
substituted a compensation in lieu thereof. The
proof is clear that Corderoy was a Cherokee, with
a white woman as a wife, that he resided upon his
reservation until forcibly dispossessed by the State
of Georgia, in 1833 or 1834, and soon after the
treaty died, leaving a wife and children. A com-
mission was authorized by the treaty to adjudicate
all claims under the treaty, and their decision was
to be final. Several commissions successively re-
jected the claim of Corderoy.
The ground upon which his claim was rejected
was that stated by the first board—that the regis-
ter showed that he was not the head of an Indian
family, within the meaning of the treaty, because
the figure "one " stood, in the column which in-
dicated the No. of the family, opposite the name
of Corderoy, and they held that " one " could not
constitute a family. The committee do not con-
cur in this conclusion, upon these premises. The
legal effect ofa registration under this treaty has be-
come a subject of judicial decision; and received
a consideration different from that of the commis-
sioners; and a registration is deemed an ex-
pression of a desire to become a citizen of the
United States, and entitles the party to a reserva-
tion. The committee, therefore, are of opinion
that Corderoy is entitled to compensation for his
reservation as unimproved land; and they report
the joint resolution directing the proper officers to
