2042
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 2,
House bill No. 3, granting preemption rights to
the settlers on the line of the Chicago and Mobile
Railroad, in order that a small amendment, which
has been made by the Senate thereto, may be con-
curred in. It is a matter of great importance that
the amendment should be concurred in immedi-
ately. It is an amendment restricting the bill as
it passed this House, and I presume no gentleman
will object to it.
There being no objection, the bill was taken up
from the Speaker's table, and the amendment of
the Senate was concurred in.
WRECK OF THE SLOOP GEORGIAN^.
Mr. RICHARDSON, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to, viz:
Resolved,, That the Secretary of the Treasury be re-
quested to furnish to this House ali the information and
correspondence in his possession In relation to the ship-
wreck ot the American sloop Georgians, on the east coast of
Queen Charlorte's Island, and the subsequent fitting out of
au expedition f'oi their relief by the eolleetor-of customs tor
the district of Fusret's Sound, and what provision, if any,
has been made to defray the expenses of said expedition.
THE FIVE MINUTES RULE.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to offer the resolution
which I send to the Clerk's desk to be read. I
have shown it to nearly all the members of the
Committee on Rules, and it meets with their ap-
probation.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That for the remainder of the present session
it shall be in the power of a majonty, at any time, to sus-
pend so much of the 34th rule as allows five minutes' de-
bate on amendments after general debate has been closed.
Mr. ORR. I object to the introduction of that
resolution.
Mr. JONES. Then X move to suspend the
rules.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in order
during; the morning hour.
ADJOURNMENT OF CONGRESS.
Mr. MEA.DE. I ask that the joint resolution,
fixing a day for the adjournment of the present
session of Congress, may be taken up and acted
on by the House.
Mr. STUART. I object.
Mr. M EA DE. I move to suspend the rules.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in order
during- the morning hour.
£ A.TJ3S OF POSTAGE.
Mr. HASCALL, by unanimous consent, and
in pursuance of previous notice, introduced a bill
to amend an act entitled < An act to reduce and
modify the rates of postage in the United States,*
approved March 3,1851, and for other purposes;"
which was read a first and second time by its title,
and referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
BOUNTY LANDS TO SOLDIERS.
Mr. PHELPS called for the regular order of
business.
The SPEAKER stated that the business before
the House was House bill No. 120, " authorizing
* certain soldiers in the last war with Great Brit-
* am to surrender the bounty lands drawn by
6 them and to locate others in lieu thereof," and
that (he pending question was to commit the bill
to the Committee of the Whole on the stateof the
Union.
Mr. PHELPS. I hope the motion to commit
may be withdrawn, as I desire to submit an
amendment to the bill in the nature of a substi-
tute, which 1 believe will obviate all the objec-
tions which have been urged to this bill.
The SPEAKER. The question must first be
taken on the motion to refer the bill. The gentle-
man who made that motion is not present to with-
draw it.
Mr. St. MARTIN called for tellers; which were
ordered; and Messrs. Fowler, and Johnson of
Georgia, appointed.
The question was then put, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 67, noes 59.
Mr. STUART. I demand the yeas and nays.
We had this bill up on Saturday, and discussed it
until apparently the House understood it, and
were prepared to vote upon it.
Mr. CLEVELAND. I call the gentleman to
order. I desire to know if it is in order to dis-
cuss this question while the House is being divided
upon it ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Michi-
gan [Mr. Stuart] interrupted the House while it
was dividing, and called for the yeas and nays.
The Chair thinks it is in order to discuss it.
Mr. CLEVELAND. The House were in the
act of dividing when the gentleman from Michi-
gan called for the yeas and nays, and commenced
to debate the question. Now, I cannot see by
what right the gentleman can be allowed to discuss
the question in this stage of proceedings.
The SPEAKER. It is for the House to sus-
pend its division upon the call for the yeas and
nays, and if they are ordered, it is in order to
continue the discussion. They were, however,
not ordered, and perhaps it is not exactly regular
for the gentleman to discuss the bill at this precise
moment; but the Chair thinks it is not out of order.
Mr. STUART. I will endeavor to keep myself
in order. I am very glad thegentleman from Con-
necticut [Mr. Cleveland] raised the question on
me. I propose to make a statement, to which I
ask the attention of the House.
Mr.GOODRICH. I call thegentleman toorder.
Mr. STUART. I am very glad to hear gentle-
men call me to order, because I shall the more likely
have their attention to the statement 1 desire to
make. I was proceeding to say we discussed this
question on Saturday morning, until the House
apparently understood it, and was prepared to
vote upon it. But now, this morning, when the
question comes up, and the bill is understood, in-
stead of voting upon it, what do we propose to
do ? Why, to send it again to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union—the same
we have been doing for the last eight months.
Yet gentlemen will complain, day after day, that
we are doing no business. We get up a subject,
and discuss it until every gentleman is prepared
to give his vote for or against it, and then some-
body moves to send it to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, which buries it
forever; and we go on to the discussion of some-
thing else, which we do not understand. Now,
here is a subject legitimately and fairly before the
House, and 1 submit whether our duty will not
be better discharged by acting upon this bill now?
If a majority of the House is against the bill, let
us defeat it by a direct vote; or, if a majonty of
the House be in favor of the bill, let us pass it.
I submit these views with perfect deference. I
complain of the course of no gentlemen, either
individually or collectively; I state the fact, that
months of the present session have been consumed
in just such operations as this—first discussing a
question until we understand it perfectly, and then
sending it to the Committee of the Whole, where
it will remain beyond our reach.
Now, sir, the bill can be comprehended in a
moment. It simply proposes to give to soldiers
who draw their military lands by lot, when they
are worthless and unfit for cultivation, the privi-
lege of selecting other Government lands which
are fit for cultivation, in their stead. That is all
there is in this bill, and any gentleman can de-
termine in one instant. You have given these old
soldiers of the war of 1812, lands that are good
for nothing, and always were good for nothing.
Now, will you give him what you purported to
give, and what you intended to give him in the first
instance ?
Mr. CLEVELAND. Is not the greater portion
of these lands in thefcands of speculators?
Mr. STUART. They are not, and speculators
cannot get hold of the lands which will be affected
by this bill. It affects the soldier himself or his
legal representative, only. The question is simply
whether this Government will carry out in good
faith, and do what it intended to do in the first in-
stance, or whether it will refuse to do it. That is
the question, and I want a vote upon it. I do not
want the subject again sent to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union. I want the
Congress of the country to say whether they mean
to act in good faith, or whether they mean to hold
out false hopes to these old soldiers, and then for
their convenience, send this bill to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. JENKINS. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a question ? Are not the soldiers' lands
of the war of 1812, assignable already ?
Mr. STUART. I undertake to say that this
bill will relieve those only who have drawn lands
by lot which are worthless, and the patents for
which they hold.
A Member. I desire to ask the gentleman
if a large portion of these lands are not in the
hands of speculators in other States ?
Mr. STUART. I will state again that this bill
is designed only to relieve the soldiers themselves,
or their legal representatives, and cannot apply to
those patents which are in the hands of speculators.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois. I ask that the
bill be read.
It was read through by the Clerk.
Mr. CAMPBELL. There is one matterwhich
I should like to have explained connected with
the lands drawn by the soldiers under that law.
The great difficulty now which those soldiers have
to contend with, is this: Their lands have been
sold for taxes. Now, if I understand this bill, it
does not provide for cases of that kind. They are
to surrender their patents upon proof being made
to the Commissioner of the General Land Office,
that their lands are not fit for cultivation. But
nearly all the soldiers holdingthese lands—at least
those who resided out of the States where they
were located—have been divested of their titles,
the lands having been sold for taxes, and they are
now in the hands of third persons. Now, I de-
sire to know what will be done with these lands
where the tax title is held by a third party under
the laws of the different States?
Mr. HENDRICKS. I desire fo say, in answer
to the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Campbell,]
that this bill was drawn after the law of 1848.
That law extended only to the military district of
Arkansas. The Land Office requires under that
law, that the party shall prove that he has not di-
vested himself of his title.
Mr. CAMPBELL. That is not coming to the
point.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I will reach it in a min-
ute. He must prove that there is no incumbrance
upon the lands, and that the lands have not been
sold for taxes. The instructions of the Depart-
ment upon this subject require the certificate of
the auditor of the State, and the certificates of the
recorder and clerk of the county in which the land
lies, to prove these facts. The bill now before the
House says nothing upon this subject; but it is
drawn .in the very language of the law of 1848.
The Department have made these instructions with
regard to that law; but to obviate the objection of
some gentlemen to this portion of the bill, I will
say that if the House will not refer the bill to the
Committee of the Whole on the stateof the Union,
but will keep it before the House, it may be
amended. I am willing to accept any amendment
which shall be offered to remove this objection.
Mr. CLEVELAND. I ask thegentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Hendricks] if he knows of a sin-
gle, solitary instance in his own State where a
soldier has drawn a lot of land under this law
which is unfit for cultivation?
Mr. HENDRICKS. I will answer the gentle-
man with great pleasure. I know a man in my
district, who was promised by the Government,
under the laws of 1811 and 1812, one hundred and
sixty acres of land, fit for cultivation; that was
the language of that law. I know that that soldier
received his land by lot; that the patent was is-
sued, and he knew nothing of it, in 1819; that the
land was located in Missouri; and that when he
came to examine it there were but two acres in
the whole tract fit for cultivation—one hundred
and fifty-eight acres were covered with water.
Mr. CLEVELAND. Has he ever paid taxes
upon it?
Mr. HENDRICKS. I will say to the gentle-
man that he will have to prove to the Department
that there are no taxes due upon it. The soldier
I speak of never knew there was a patent issued
for him until 1849. It was made out at the Land
Office, and there remained. He knew nothing of it.
Mr. CLEVELAND. I ask the gentleman if
this is the only instance of which he knows, either
in Indiana or any of the western States?
Mr. HENDRICKS. That one instance is
enough, in my opinion, to demand the action of
Congress upon the subject.
Mr. CLEVELAND. But I desire to know if
that is the only instance?
Mr. STUART. I cannot yield longer. I will
relieve the gentleman by taking the floor.
In reply to the question of the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Campbell,] I will state what I said
upon Saturday, that this bill was designed to re-
lieve only those who have received lands from the
