266
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 13,
was to postpone the further consideration of this
resolution until this day three weeks.
Mr. BRIGHT. Let it be'made the special
order for one o'clock that day.
Mr. PEARCE. I modify my motion so as to
include that.
The motion was agreed to, and the resolution
was postponed and made the special order for
Tuesday, February 3d, proximo.
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday," January 13, 1852.
The House met.at twelve o'clock, m.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Mr. Morgan.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
On motion by Mr. DUNCAN,leave was granted
to withdraw from thefiles, for the purpose of trans-
mitting to the office of the Commissioner of Pen-
sions, the petition and papers in the case of Hector
Brown.
On motion by Mr. SIBLEY, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of Charles Curecno
be withdrawn from the riles of the House and referred to the
Committee ou Military AtFaus.
Mr.-CLARK. I rise to ask the unanimous
consent of the House to suffer the call of the States
to proceed from the point where it ceased yester-
day. It must be well known to gentlemen that
there are many bills and resolutions to be intro-
duced, and they cannot be introduced by right,
except on resolution day, which does not occur
again for two weeks. I trust the States will be
called.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. If the House
will consent to do what they did on Friday morn-
ing—that is, allow the States to be now called for
resolutions as they would have been in order under
the rules on Wednesday last, all these bills can be
introduced.
The SPEAKER. Is it the pleasure of the House
. that this course shall be taken ?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I call for the reg-
ular order of the day.
On motion by Mr. CULLOM, leave was granted
to withdraw from the files of the House, for the
purpose of laying them before the proper Depart-
ment, the petition and papers in the case of John
Ditty and Joseph Hadaway.
[Mr. BARRERE, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as correctly enrolled the joint
resolution for the transportation of the United
States mail in California and Oregon; and it was
then signed by the Speaker.]
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. HOUSTON,from the Committee of "Ways
and Means, reported a bill making appropriation
for the support of the Military Academy for the
year ending the 30th June, 1853: which was read
a first and second time by its title, referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union, I
and ordered to be printed. j
Mr. MACE, from the Committee of Claims,
reported a bill for the relief of William Greer;
which wasread a first and second time by its title,
referred to a Committee of the Whfile House, and
made the order of the.day for to-morrow, and, with
the report accompanying, ordered to be printed.
Mr. MACE, from the Committee of Claims,
made an adverse report on the petition of J. C.
Linn for damages for injuries sustained by the
conduct of certain United States troops; which
.was ordered to lie on the table and be printed.
On motion by Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York,
the Committee on Commerce was discharged from
the further consideration of the petition of Lewis j'
Bates and William Lacon, asking to be indem-
nified for losses sustained by them in consequence
of a legal seizure of a quantity of iron imported by
them, and that it be referred to the Committee of
Claims.
On motion by Mr. SEYMOUR, the Committee
on Commerce was discharged from the further
consideration of the petition of William H Ton
ping, praying for compensation as clerk to take
testimony m relation to the New York custom-
house, and it was referred to the Committee of
Claims
Mr. SEYMOUR, from the Committeeon Com-
merce, made an adverse report on the petition of
William D. Allen and others, praying Congress
io make suitable provision for extendingatele-
graph line from Fort Independence to the Pacific;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. FULLER,, of Maine, from the Committee on
Commerce, reported back, with an amendment and
with a recommendation that it do pass, House
bill No. 23, to amend an act entitled " An act to
regulate the carriage of passengers in merchant
vessels," approved February 22, 1847, and " An
act to provide for ventilating passenger vessels,"
approved May 17, 1848; which was referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. F., also, from the same committee, reported
the following bills, which were severally read a first
■and second time by their titles, referred to a com-
mittee of the Whole House, and made the order
of the day for to-morrow, and, with the reports
accompanying, ordered to be printed, viz:
A bill for the relief of Williams, Staples Wil-
liams; and
A bill for the relief of James Ferguson, the sur-
viving partner of Ferguson & Milhardo.
On motion by Mr. WALSH, the Committee
on Commerce was discharged from the further
consideration of the petition of John McKee and
Henry Lelf, asking for indemnity for losses sus-
tained by the illegal seizure of the barque " Mary
Teresa;" and it was referred to the Committee of
Claims.
Mr. HALL, from the Committee on Public
^ Lands, reported a bill further to extend the time
| for locating Virginia military land warrants, and
' returning surveys thereon to the General Land
Office; which was read a first and second time by
its title.
Mr. HALL moved that the bill be referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and that it be printed.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. I desire to say
something against the bill when it comes up for
consideration.
Mr. TAYLOR. That bill relates to an unsur-
veyed tract of country in the district which I
j have the honor to represent, and I would inquire
if it is not in order now to have it put upon its pas-
sage ?
The SPEAKER. It will be in the power of
the House to order that it be engrossed and read a
third time. The first question will be upon com-
muting it.
Mi. TAYLOR. Is it in order to submit any
remarks upon the bill ?
The SPEAKER. Remarks are in order upon
the propriety of referring the bill to the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. TAYLOR. The object of that bill is to ex-
tend the time of locating Virginia land warrants in
the district of country commonly known as the
Virginia military lands. The time for locating i
those lands having expired upon the first day of
■ this month, the Virginia military land office in the
j city of Chillicothe is closed against the entering
j of lands in that district, until such a bill- as the
i present may pass._ I can see no objection to the
J passage of the bill immediately. I will not detain
i the House many minutes upon the subject. But
my colleague has some objection to the bill, which
may be as well presented now as at any other
time. It is simply a question of time for locating
these warrants, two or three years—similar bills
having passed this House for the last eigfyt or ten
years, with a view of closing that office. It is a
singular fact, that in Ohio the only unsurveyed
lands in the Stale are within this military district,
beins; about eighty-five thousand acres. It is im-
possible to survey, locate, or appropriate them by
the holders of warrants, unless we pass such a bill
as this. I can see no objection to extending the
time. Certainly the interests of the State of Ohio,
as every other section of the country interested in
these Virginia military warrants, require that this
office should be kept open. We have a Surveyor
General who was appointed by President ,
and who keeps an office in Chillicothe, where the
original records of the Virginia military district
m Ohio are preserved. I do not suppose that it
is the desire of my colleague to shut up that office,
and prevent the location of eighty-five thousand
acres of land yet unsurveyed; and I hope the
House will pass the bill. I can see no impro-
priely in it. Congress has repeatedly had the
subject under its consideration; and so far as I
know, no objection -has been made to extending
the time. I may be asked-, why I wish the time
to be extended? It is because I wish the surveys
to progress, that this vacant land may be entered,
and to stimulate the holders of warrants to locate
them speedily, so that this Virginia military dis-
trict may be surveyed and settled. The time has
been extended for two years at a time by several
acts of Congress, all of which have now expired,
and I merely ask that it may be again extended.
I ask that the bill be now put upon its passage,
and I hope that it will pass.
Mr. RICHARDSON. There are a number of
other gentlemen who desire to make reports from
committees, and as this is an important bill, and
one likely to give rise to much discussion, 1 move
the previous question.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. I hope the gentle-
man from Illinois does not intend to force this bill
through under the operation of the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I want to send it to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
where it can be fully debated.
Mr. STANTON. I have no objection t<3 its
commitment. The question being taken on sec-
onding the demand for the previous question, there
were—ayes 82, noes 6—no quorum voting.
Mr. RICHARDSON demanded tellers; which
were ordered, and Messrs. Taylor and Savage
appointed.
Mr. TAYLOR inquired of the Chair, what
would be the effect of the previous question?
The SPEAKER stated that the effect would be
to bring the House to a vote, first upon'the motion
to refer, and then—in case of the motion to refer,
being negatived—upon the engrossment of the bill.
The question was then taken, and it was deci-
ded in the affirmative—ayes 120, noes not counted.
So the previous question received a second.
The main question was then ordered, which was
upon the motion to refer the bill to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and order
it to be printed.
The question was taken and it was decided in
the affirmative—ayes 106, noes not counted.
So the bill was referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. McLANAHAN, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, reported back a bill "authorizing
the payment of interest to the State of New Hamp-
shire for advances made for the use and benefit of
the United States in repelling invasion and sup-
pressing insurrection at Indian Stream in said
State," with an amendment and recommendation
that the bill do pass.
Mr. McL. moved that the bill be referred to the
Committee of the Whole House, made the order
of the day for to-morrow, and be-printed.
Mr. STUART. It seems to me that that bill
would go more appropriately to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union. I move
that it be so referred.
Mr. McJLANAH AN. The reference of a simi-
lar bill was made last session to the Committee of
the Whole House. This is a claim of very great
merit, and one that should receive the action of
the House at as early a day as possible.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would inquire of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania if that bill does
not make an appropriation, and is not a general
bill to pay money to one of the States ? Now, a
bill of that kind is never treated as a private claim
and sent to the Committee of the Whole House,
but is sent to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Onion, where the largest'latitude of
debate is allowed. *
Mr. McLANAHAN. In reply to the gentle-
man from Tennessee, I will inform the House
that this is in the nature of a private claim, and
that the bill an<J report are therefore properly ref-
erable to the Committee of the Wliolc House. It
is not a public or general claim, but it is a claim
set up m equity and justice against the United
States for the payment of a certain sum to the
State of New Hampshire for military services
rendered by her. Similar claims have been al-
lowed to other States, and I believe that in every
instance the reference has been to the Committee
of the Whole House. This bill was reported at
the last session of Congress, but failed to be acted
on for want of sufficient time. I think that under
the rules, as well as the precedents, the motion
