1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Government which is unfit for cultivation. Well,
now, what does it avail in the way of argument, if
this land, unfit for cultivation, has been sold for
taxes? I want to know if it makes any difference
in the argument, or in the effect we intended, for
the soldier? We intended to give him land fit for
cultivation; and he is required to prove that his
land is unfit for cultivation before he can avail
himself of any benefit under this bill. Now, is it
any answer to say that this land has been sold for
taxes ? Why, sir, it was good for nothing in the
first place. It was not what we intended to give
him; and suppose it has been sold for taxes, is
that any reason why we should not give him what
we intended to give him in the first place ?
But if it is necessary to amend this bill in any
particular, is there a better time to do it than
now ? Is it best to discuss the bill a couple of
hours, until we come to understand it well, and
then refer it to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union' Can you discuss itbetter
there than here ? Let us decide it to-day, whether
we will give anything to those soldiers or not.
Let us decide whether we will do justice to them
or not. Shall we pass them by, or shall we not?
That is the question I want to see settled. If it
is necessary to amend the bill when it comes up
before the House for its action, let it be amended.
It is under the control of a majority of the House.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois. 1 am anxious
that the bill now under discussion shall be
voted upon by the House; but I am satisfied that
the bill has not been understood fully by the House
heretofore. It is necessary, we are told, that the
party shall prove that his land is unfit for cultiva-
tion. Now, that is a matter about which there
may be a difference of opinion, and the provisions
proposed to be made to prove that fact are exceed-
ingly indefinite. One man might consider land as
unfit for cultivation, and another might not con-
sider it as such. And in reference to these lands
being sold for taxes, the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Hendricks] speaks of a certain construc-
tion which has been given to the law of 1848.
Now, I want the law fixed so that the courts shall
determine its construction, and not the Depart-
ment. When the title to land is brought up, I
want it to be decided by the courts, and not upon
any construction the head of a Department may
choose to give it. I want this law to be definite
and clear upon this subject. You will find that
nearly all these lands, at least in my own State,
have been sold because the taxes have not been
paid. The patent is held by the original patentee,
but the title is in the hands of a third person. I
desire to have a provision in the law to provide
for this class of titles; and until such a provision
is made, I cannot vote for the bill.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to say again, that
if there is any objection made to this bill upon the
ground that it does not meet the class of cases the
gentleman speaks of, t am willing that it should
be amended in that particular. There can be no
objection to that amendment. But I ask the gen-
tleman from Illinois, [Mr. Campbell,] if the land
has been sold for taxes, how can the parties re-
convey it to the Government, in the language of
the bill? I am willing to receive the amendment,
however, that there may be no objection to the
bill.
Mr. STUART. I do not rise for the purpose
of preventing an amendment being made to the
bill, but I rise for the purpose of entering my pro-
test against this manner of considering bills. Now,
I ask the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Campbell]
whether, for the purpose of getting in his amend-
ment, it is best to send the bill to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, a place
where it will never again be reached this session ?
The bill is now before the House, or will be if this
motion be refused. Let us consider it. Let us
put upon it our amendment, if the gentleman is
not satisfied with the construction of the Depart-
ment and the construction everybody puts upon it.
Let the gentleman put upon the bill an amendment
of his own. 1 do not object to it; but I ask, sir,
again, that we shall consider the bill now.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask for the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I desire to inquire of the
Chair if the previous question will extend beyond
the motion to commit to the Committee of the
Whole?
The SPEAKER; It will bring the House to a
vote, first, upon recommitting the bill, and then,
upon the amendments.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I trust there will be a
general consent that the amendments, which seem
to be required by some gentlemen, may be made
to the bill.
Mr. HOUSTON. No one objects.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then I suggest that the
amendment be inserted in the proper place.
Mr. ALLISON. I hope the gentleman from
Alabama [Mr. Houston] will withdraw his call
for the previous question for a few moments only.
Mr. HOUSTON. This bill has been discussed
long enough. I understand that the benefits to be
derived from this bill, if we agree to it, will go to
the old soldiers, and to them alone.
Mr. ORR. If the previous question is persisted
in I shall move that the bill do lie upon the table.
Mr. HOUSTON. I understand that the gentle-
man from Indiana [Mr. Hendricks] proposes, by
general consent, the amendment which 
Mr. JENKINS. 1 rise to a question of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands the
gentleman's point of order. Debate is not in order.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I ask that the amend-
ment may be put into the bill, if there is no objec-
tion.
Mr. MASON. I object.
The question being upon the motion of Mr.
Orr, to lay the bill upon the table—
Mr. CLEVELAND demanded tellers; which
were ordered; and Messrs. Landry and Mason
appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 64, noes 61.
Before the result was announced—
Mr. HENDRICKS demanded the yeas and
nays; which were ordered.
Mr. MASON. There seems to be a misunder-
standing as to the question.
The SPEAKER. The question is upon laying
the bill upon the table.
The question was then taken, and it was de-
cided in the negative—yeas 75, nays 8D; as fol-
lows:
YEAH—Messrs. Aiken, Allison, John Appleton, Bab-
euck, B<*ale, Bissell, John II. Boyd, Bragg, Briggs, Joseph
Cable, Caldwell, Thompson Cauipbell, Oarttei, Chapman,
Chastam, Clark, Cleveland, Chnsjinan, Colcock, Conger,
Cullom, Curtis, Dean, Diu>um:k, Dockery, Duncan, Floyd,
Gentry, Giddmgs, Sampson YV. Harris, Hn^call, Haven,
Hebaid, Hibbavd, Hillyer, Horstbrd, John W. Howe, In-
gersoll, Ives, Jenkins, James Johnson, Daniel T. Jones,
Weston King, Kurtz, Mann, Martin, McNair, McQueen,
Miner, John Moore, Morebead, Murray, Nabers, New-
ton, Orr, Outlaw, Peikms, Rohie, Ros.s, backett, School-
craft, Sehoonmaker, Scuny, Ongen S. Seymour, Stanly,
Tbaddeus Stevens, Thurston, Venable, Walbridge, Wal-
lace, Welch, Wells, Wilcox. Wildiick, and Williams—75.
NAYS—Messrs. Willis Allen, William Appleton, Aver-
eft, Thomas II. Bayly, Bairere, Bennett, Boeock, Breck-
inridge, Bienton, Albert G. Brown, George H. Brown, Bur-
ro\v>, E. Cairmsiton Cabell, Lewis D. Campbell, Chandler,
Cobb, George T. Davis John G. Davis, Dawson, Doty,
Dunham, Eastman, Edmundson, Evans, lowing, Faulkner,
Fitch, Florence, Fowler, Gamble, Gaylord, Gilmore, Good-
enow, Green, Giey, Hamilton, Harper, Isham G. Hauis,
Haws, Hendricks, Henn, Holladay, Jlous-ton, Thomas M.
j-Jowe, Thos. Y. How, Hunter, Jackson, Andrew Johnson,
John Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, George W. Jones, Geo.
G. King, Kuhns, Landty, Letchei, Lockhart, Mace, Ma-
son, McCorkle, MeLanahan, McMnlhn, Meade, Milbon,
Molony, Murphy, Samuel W. Parker, Penn, Phelps, Polk,
Rantoul, Riddle, Schermerhoin, David L. Seymour, Skel-
ton, Smait, Smith, Benjamin Stanton, Richard H. Stan-
ton, Abraham P. Stephens, Alexander H. Stephens, St.
Martin, Stratton, Strother, Stuart, TownMiend, Walsh,
Watlcuis, Addison White, and Alexander White—89.
So the I-Iouse refused to lay the bill upon the
table.
The SPEAKER. The question is now upon
seconding the demand for the previous question.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. Has the morn-
ing hour expired?
The SPEAKER. It has not, by one minute.
Mr. MEADE. I understand the question is
upon seconding the demand for the previous ques-
tion. I ask the gentleman from Alabama [Mr.
Houston] to withdraw his call for the previous
question for a moment. My object in asking the
previous question to be withdrawn 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ala-
bama [Mr. Houston] declines to withdraw it, and
debate is out of order.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am willing to hear the gen-
tleman, but I do not feel at liberty to withdraw it.
The SPEAKER.. If the previous question is
not withdrawn, debate is outof order.
Mr. HOUSTON. But I am willing £o hear the
gentleman.
The SPEAKER,. That does not alter the case,
if the previous question is not withdrawn.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I ask for tellers upon sec-
onding the previous question.
Tellers were ordered.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. Has the morn-
ing: hour expired?
TJhe SPEAKER. It has.
DAY OF ADJOURNMENT.
Mr. HARRTS. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to take up the resolution, returned
from the Senate with amendments, fixing the day
of adjournment.
[Cries of " Good!" « Good I"   Good VI]
The SPEAKER. Is it objected to ?
Mr. STANLY. It is. I object to it.
Mr. HARRIS. Then I move that the rules be
suspended to allow it to be taken up.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is not a motion
which I made last Monday, to suspend the rules
for the purpose of offering a resolution, still pend-
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not recollect
the fact, but he is informed by the Clerk that it is
so.
Mr. JONES. I now offer the resolution I send
to the Clerk's table, in lieu of the one I desired to
offer last Monday. It is a modification of the first
resolution, and I ask the rules may be suspended
for the purpose of offering it.
Mr. ORR. What was ihe original resolution ?
The SPEAKER. Both resolutions will be
read.
The original resolution was read as follows:
Resolved* That the five-minutes rule be suspended, so far
as relates to the bill of the House No. 182, (nvcr and har-
bor bill,) fjom eleven o'clock to morrow.
The modified resolution was as follows:
Resolved, That for the remainder of the present session,
it shall be in the power of the majmity, at anv time,, to sus-
pend so much of the thirty fourth rule a* allows five min-
utes'debate on amendments,'attergeneiaUkbate has closed.
Mr. ORR. Can the gentleman from Tennessee
[Mr. Jones] toike the lloor from the gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Harris] to introduce that
general resolution, having no connection with his?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee nearest the Chair, [Mr. Harris,] was not
entitled to the floor, for the reason that this prop-
osition to suspend the rules was laid over from
last Monday.
Mr. MEADE, I rise to a question of order.
That resolution was offered on Monday last, I
understand, and in reference to a subject which
has been disposed of by the House, and the reso-
lution then offered is not now applicable to any
subject whatever, and I should say it had died a
natural death. The original resolution contem-
plated a suspension of the rules to limit debate
upon the nver and harbor bill.
The SPEAKER. It is competent for the gen-
tleman from Tennessee [Mr. Joxes] to withdraw
his motion to suspend the rules for one purpose,
and submit a motion to suspend them for a very
different purpose, it is a question about which
there can be no doubt at all. It is a question as to
an amendment of the original resolution. Hts right
to withdraw his original motion is very clear, and
his right of submitting another, being a modifica-
tion of the first, is equally clear.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. Is it in order to
alter the standing rules of this House without one
day's notice?
The SPEAKER. It is not in order, unless the
House chooses to suspend the rules for that pur-
pose.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. This resolution is
merely to place it in the power of the majority of
the House to terminate five minutes' debate.
Mr. FOWLER. I wish to make an inquiry.
If this resolution shall be adopted will it not put
it in the power of the majority of this House to
prevent the offering of amendments to this bill?
Many Members. 'Not at all; not at all.
Mr. CARTTER. It only cuts off discussion.
Mr. ORR. I feel constrained to call for the
yeas and nays upon this question. I do not like
the initiative.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken on the motion to
suspend the rules, and the result was—yeas 85,
nays 78; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, William Appleton, Thomas HU
Bayly, Baitlett, Bennett, Breckinridge, Brenton, Briggs?
