1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2&:
that I make is the legitimate and proper one, and
I hope that it will be adopted by the House.
Mr. RICHARDSON. As this matter is going
to lead to debate, I move the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The SPEAKER stated that the question would
first be taken upon the motion to refer the bill to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. COBB asked for the reading of the bill.
Several Members objected.
The question was then taken, and there were—
ayes 62, noes 48—no quorum voting.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky, demanded
tellers; which were ordered, and Messrs. Penn
and Wallace appointed.
The question being again taken, it was decided
in the negative—ayes 39, noes 19.
So the House refused to refer the bill to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The question recurring on the motion to refer
the bill to the Committee of the Whole House, it
was taken and agreed to.
So the bill was referred to the Committee of the
Whole House, made the order of the day for to-
morrow, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. McLANAHAN, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, reported back, with an amend-
ment, the bili " to change the time for holding the
district courts of the United States in tile western
district of Virginia, and for other purposes;"
which was referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. MEADE, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, reported the following resolution; which
was considered and agreed to, viz:
Resolved, That rlie Committee on the Judiciary inquire i
into the expediency of providing ! v law for a revision and
compilation of the laws of the United State? oj a generai
nature, raid for imbodying in a separate volume the laws
relating to the District of Columbia.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee, from the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, reported back House bill
No. 16, " to regulate the publication of the laws
of the United States, and of the public advertise-
ments," with a recommendation that it do not
pass.
Mr. STUART. That bill was introduced by
a gentleman from Maine, who is confined to lus
room by indisposition. I hope that no action will
be taken on it until he is able to be in his seat.
There being no objection, the bill was laid upon
the Speaker's table.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee, from the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, reported back House bill
No. 17, to prohibit the prosecution of claims
against the Government by the Heads of Depart-
ments, and Senators and Represenfatives in Con-
gress during the terms of their respective offices,
with an amendment as a substitute for the bill.
Mr. H. moved that the bill be referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and that the bill and amendment be printed;
which motion was agreed to.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky, from the
Committee on the Judiciary, made an adverse
report on the petition of Mrs. Susan T. Randall,
widow of the late district judge of Pennsylvania,
asking for remuneration for certain services of her
husband, which was ordered to lie on the table
and be printed.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky, from the
Committee on the Judiciary, to whom was re- (
ferred the bill to amend ay act entitled "An act for
the punishment of crime in the District of Colum-
bia," reported back the same with an amendment
and a recommendation that it do pass.
The bill was read.
Mr. MARSHALL. Theamendmentproposed
by the committee id simply to insert the words j
"or outhouse." I will state to the House that as
the law of this District now stands, there is no
penalty attached to the burning of an outhouse,
unless there is merchandise, grain, or hay in it,
at the time it is consumed. For instance, if a
painter's shop is burned in the District of Colum-
bia, with whatever intention, the offence is not
punishable under the existing law.
The amendment of the law proposed by this
bill, is merely intended to embrace that case, and
to render the willful and malicious burning of an
outhouse in which there are no goods, subject to
the same penalty as the law attaches to the burn-
ing of an outhouse with goods in it. I suppose
there is no objection to the bill, and I move, there-
fore, that it be put upon its passage.
Mr. SACKETT. Would it not be better to
insert, after the word "outhouse," the words
" or building?" The phraseology, as it now
stands, would not include carpenters' shops.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I should
suppose "building" would be embraced in the
term " house or outhouse?"
Mr. SACKETT. I doubt very much whether
that embraces every kind of outhouse. I move
to insert after the word " outhouse," the words
" or building."
Mr. MARSHALL. I suppose " house or out-
house" would cover every sort of building.
The SPEAKER. The Committee on the Judi-
ciary propose to insert the words " or outhouse"
after the word " house."
Mr. McLANAHAN. The gentleman from
New York [Mr. SackettJ wishes to introduce
into this bill a term so indefinite in its meaning,
and so comprehensive in its application that it can
scarcely find a place in any law or even civil act.
.The term "building" relates to so many kinds
of buildings, and is so perfectly indefinite in its
character, that a man might be indicted by it for
burning anything in the shape of a building—any-
thing that has been constructed, from a hen-coop
up. The words " house," and " outhouse," are
those which have a legal signification, long known
in the common as well as the statute laws, as in-
terpreted by the decisions of the judges of \arious
States. But, as I have said, the term " building"
is so perfectly indefinite in its meaning and so j
comprehensive in its character that it would be
impossible not to indict a man for the burning of
any building, however petty in its character. 1
hope, therefore, the House will not allow the
amendment offered by the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Sackett] to be adopted.
Mr. SACKETT. I have no desire to alter the
bill so as to extend it in any way beyond the in-
tention of the committee who reported it. I was
aware of the defect in the existing laws of the
District of Columbia, in relation to the burning of
certain unoccupied buildings, and that it was ne-
cessary to amend those laws by extending them
so as to cover this class of buildings that are not
now embraced within it. But the bill as reported
to this House, in my opinion, will not entirely re-
move the difficulty. 1 think it does not cover such'
buildings as unoccupied mechanics' shops.
Mr. McLANAHAN. I would ask the gentle-
man if a mechanic's shop is not efnbraced in the
word " house?" His shop is a house, and if a
man were found guilty of setting it on fire he
would be convicted.
Mr. SACKETT. I dotnot know what the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. McLanahan]
may think, or what construction his legal learning
may put upon the word "house," but I doubt
very mucK whether an unoc.cupied mechanic's
shop is comprehended in that term. I do not be-
lieve it at all; and if it is intended to frame a bill
here which shall cover that character of building
at all, and sufficiently general in its terms to meet
the wants of the community for whom it is to be
framed, it must contain terms such as shall cover
every class of building that it is necessary to pro- 1;
tect. j;
Now I deny that the term "house" is thus suf- ;j
ficiently comprehensive to embrace every class ,j
which should be protected. It does not embrace the !|
class to which I have before alluded—that of un- J;
occupied mechanics' shops—and I think such a (J
building ought to be protected. I am not tena- ii
cious as to the particular word to be inserted. If j:
the word " shop," or any other which any gen- ji
tleman will name, which will be sufficiently com- j|
prehensive to cover every class of buildings that ij
need protection is more acceptable, I am satisfied. |j
lam not aware of the legal signification given
to the term "house" which the gentleman from |j
Pennsylvania [Mr. McLanahan] gives it. I am ||
not aware, especially, that in criminal jurispru- ^
dence, laws are so construed as to embrace within j
particular terms objects other than those which !
are particularly included in those terms. I am not i
aware of any such construction in criminal law. j
Upon the other hand, particular terms, such j
" house," are used to designate a particular class
of buildings, and none other. If,this is so, and
if the committee intend' to embrace the class* of
buildings to which I have referred, then some
more comprehensive term should be used.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. J do not
wish to detain the House with useless discussion
upon this subject. The Committee on the Judi-
ciary think that every building that should be
protected will be protected by the term "house
or outhouse." The bill, as originally introduced
by the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Evans j
was drafted by a lawyer of high standing in this
city. The committee have enlarged the bill, and.
have made no other alteration than to enlarge it
by the addition of the words " or outhouse;" and
they supposed that the class of buildings referred
to by the gentleman from New York [Mr. Sack-
ett] would certainly be embraced by the term
" house or outhouse;" and I must say that I do
not understand what sort of a building would not
be embraced by that term. The law does not
provide a penalty for burning a detached shop, if
it is not connected with a house. The bill which
the committee reported expressly provides a pen-
alty for the burning of that class of buildings.
The conclusion which the gentleman from INew
York expresses upon this subject, I do not think
is one which the authorities will bear out. For
the purpose of terminating this discussion, how-
ever, I call the previous question.
Mr. STUART. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw that call for a moment.
Mr. MARSHALL, I cannot withdraw it.
Mr. WALSH. I hope the gentleman will with-
draw his call for the previous question. We had
better follow the laws of Maryland upon this sub-
sect. I have just procured a copy ot those laws
from the Library 
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.""
Mr. THOMPSON, of Virginia. I move to
lay the bill upon the table, in order that it may be
taken up at some future time, when we, may ex-
amine it more fully.
Mr. T. subsequently withdrew the motion.
The question now being upon seconding the de-
mand for the previous question,
Mr. GlDDlNGS demanded tellers; which were
ordered, and Messrs. Walsh, and Thompson of
Virginia, were appointed.
The question was then taken, and th« tellers
reported—ayes 80—noes not counted.
So the previous question received a second.
The main question was then ordered to be put,
which main question was upon the adoption of the
amendment to the amendment.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment of Mr. Sackett, to insert after the words
"or outhouse" the words "or building," and it
was disagreed to.
' The question then recurred upon the adoption
of the amendment reported by the committee, and,
being taken, it was agreed to.
The question now being, "Shall the bill be en-
grossed and read a third timer"
Mr. MEADE moved to refer it to the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER said that, under the operation
of the previous question—which extended to or-
dering the bill to be engrossed and read a third
time—a motion to refer would not be m order.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and, having been engrossed, it-
was read a third time.
Mr. STUART asked if it would be in order to
move to reconsider the vote just taken, by which
the bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a
third time'
The SPEAKER said it would be in order.
Mr. STUART. Then I submit that motion;
and upon it I wish to offer a word or two. Before
doing so, however, I ask that the bill as amended
may be read.
The bill was then rend.
Mr. STUART. I do not rise for the purpose
of discussing the merits of this bill, nor the pro-
priety of the amendment which has been intro-
duced by the Committee on the Judiciary; for
unless it be printed or placed in our hands, no
profitable discussion in relation to it can be carried
on without great difficulty. But, 1 rise for the
purpose of answering the argument of members of
that committee. My object in moving this recon-
sideration, is to have this bill referred to the Com-
