1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1179
pay the value of said reservation, at the date of
the treaty, as unimproved land.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, and ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading-.
NOAH MILLER.
The bilHtor thereliefof the legal representatives
of Noah Miller, of Lincolnville, in the State of
Maine, and for the relief of other persons, was
read a second time, and the Senate proceeded to
consider it as in Committee of the Whole. It
enacts that there shall be paid out of the Treasury,
from any money not otherwise appropriated, the
sum of $10,000 to the legal representatives of
Noah Miller, and such other persons, or their legal
representatives, who aided either as boats' crew
or pilot, in making pri/ie of the British schooner
Mary, and taking her into port in the year 1814,
in Penobscot Bay, m such proportions to each as
the Secretary of the Treasury shall determine—
which vessel and cargo, after having been taken
into port, was libeled, condemned, and sold, and
one half of the proceeds, amounting to more than
$32,000, paid into the Treasury of the United
States, said vessel and cargo having been surren-
dered to the collector of the customs for that
district.
Mr. BAYARD. I shall have to object to the
consideration of that bill to-day.
Mr. HAMLIN. Will the Senator allow me to
say that it has passed the Senate three times and
the House twice? I hope he will not object to it.
Mr. BAYARD. I have read over the report,
which is very long. It seems to me that it in-
volves the question as to the extent to which we
should go in authorizing, or rather in sanctioning
and encouraging, a system of private warfare
during a public war, which, I think, is a very
doubtful policy as it regards a nation like the
United States. Having some doubts about the
propriety of the bill, I should prefer to read the
report a little more carefully. I should be un-
willing to vote for the bill as at present advised.
The bill was accordingly passed over.
MARTHA L. DOWNES.
The bill for the relief Martha L. Downes was
read the second time, and considered as m Com-
mittee of the Whole. It provides that the widows,
if any such there be, and in case there is no widow,
the child or children, and if there be no child, then
the parent or paierits, or if no parents, then the
brothers and sisters of the officers, seamen, and
marines who were in the service of the United
States and lost in the United States schooners
Grampus and Seagull, shall receive out of the
Treasury a sum equal to six months' pay of their
relatives m addition to the pay due to said relatives
when the vesselswere lost.
At the request of Mr. DAWSON, the report of
the Committee on Naval Affairs was read; from
which it appears that the petition of Martha L.
Downes, widow of Lieutenant Downes,command-
er of the United Slates schooner Grampus at the
time it was lost, praying that the same allowance
may be made to the widows and officers of the
men of said vessel as has been made in similar
cases, was referred to them. They find that in
several cases laws have been passed granting to
the widows and orphans of the officers, seamen,
and mtuines of various vessels which were lost
the extra allowance. The act of June 15, 1834,
directed that the widows and orphans of those on
board the schooner Grampus should receive the
compensation which was due them at the time of
their loss, but made no provision for the extra pay
as in other cases. The act of August 14, 1848,
grants to the widows, children, parents, or minor
brothers and sisters of the officers, seamen, and
marines, lost m the brig Somers, twelve months5
pay in addition to what was due. No reason is
known to exist for the discrimination against the
widows and children of the officers, seamen, and
marines lost in the Grampus and Seagull; and
without such reason the discrimination must be
deemed unjust; and the committee, therefore, re-
port a bill to supply the omission in the act of
June, 1844, and place those persons on a footing
of equality with others for whom provision has
been made.
Mr. DAWSON. Let the bill go over. I wish
to give it some examination.
The bill was accordingly passed over.
ROBERT T. NORR1S.
The bill for the relief of Robert T. Norris was
read a second time, and considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole. It directs that there shall be
paid to Robert T. Norns, in consideration of in-
juries received by him while acting as pilot under
the direction of the collector of customs at New
York, the sum of -——, to be paid out of any money
in the Treasury, not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. DAWSON. Let it lie over.
The bill was accordingly passed over.
LEWIS H. BATES AND WILLIAM LACOtf.
The bill for the relief of Lewis H. Bates and
William Lacon was read a second time, and con-
sidered as m Committee of the W hole. It author-
izes and directs the proper accounting officers of
the Treasury, to audit and allow the claim of
Lewis H. Bates and William Lacon, or either of
them, for losses and damages sustained by them
in consequence of the proceedings of custom-
house officers at New York, in exacting from them
for certain importations of iron into that port,
made between June 15th, 1829, and January 1st,
1832, higher duties than were required by law;
and m seizing and libeling some uf said goods,
upon the refusal of Bates & Lacon to enter the
same, as subject to the said higher duty; and for
certain costs of court paid by them, and not leim-
bursed. There is a proviso m the bill, that no
greater sum shall be allowed than will reimburse
the parties for the costs and expenses actually
paid by them, and not repaid to them, in the va-
rious suits touching said importations; and certain
sums paid by them for the storage of said goods,
while kept out of their possession; and .such sum
also as will pay them for the damage they sustained
by the detention of the money exacted from them
by the collector, and allow for said detention a
damage not exceeding the rate of six per centum
per annum, from the time the moneys were paid,
to the time they were refunded.
Mr. HUNTER. I object to that bill.
The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator propose
to discuss it?
Mr. HUNTER. I cannot tell until I have ex-
amined it.
The PRESIDENT. The resolution provides,
that when debate arises, or when a Senator snys
he intends to discuss a bill, it shall be passed over.
Mr. ADAMS. I think the objection is suffi-
cient.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair must follow
the resolution of the Senate. Does the Senator
from Virginia propose to discuss the bill?
Mr. HUNTER. I cannot tell until I examine
it. I want time to examine it.
Mr. DAYIS. ^ I understand that bill very well;
and, in my judgment, it requires some modifica-
tion. 1 think it ought to be passed over.
The PRESIDENT, it will be passed over.
RICHARD MACKALL.
The bill for the relief of Richard Mackall was
read a second time, and the Senate proceeded to
consider it as in Committee of the Whole. It di-
rects the proper accounting officer of the Treasury
to audit the claim of Richard Mackall, for the de-
struction of his tobacco house, wheat, and tobacco,
by the British, m June, 1814; and to ascertain the
losses sustained by him by reason of the destruc-
tion of that property. It also provides, that if tiie
amount of damage, as ascertained, shall not ex-
ceed $5,000, it shall be paid to the claimant.
Mr. BAYARD. I shall certainly discuss that
bill. I have a very decided opinion that it ought
not to pass. The Committee on Claims were
divided in opinion m regard to it.
The PRESIDENT. It will be passed over.
ROBERT 3EWALL.
The bill for the relief of the heirs and repre-
sentatives of the late Robert Sewall, was read a
second time, and considered as m Committee of
the Whole. It directs the Third Auditor of the
Treasury to audit the claim of the heirs and rep-
resentatives of the late Robert Sewall, and to de-
termine the amount that may be due to them; and
that when he shall report that amount to the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, that officer be authorized
and required to cause the same to be paid.
Mr. BAYARD. I do not know that I shall
oppose that claim; for I do not know the facts on
which it was founded, though it was once in my
hands. I shall,however, certainly move to amend
the bill so as to limit the amount which is to be
paid, and that proposition will probably give rise
to debate. I should be unwilling to pass any bill
of this kind, in reference to a transaction which
' occurred forty years ago, without fixing soiree
' limit to the sum to be paid. The Senator who
reported the bill is not in his seat. I shall move that
amendment, which will propably lead to discussion,
and therefore I suppose it would be as well to lay
it over.
The PRESIDENT. It will be passed over.
i URSULA E. COBB.
| The bill for the relief of Ursula E. Cobb, was
i read a second time, and considered as in Commit-
S tee of the Whole, It directs the Secretary of the
j Interior to place the name of Ursula E. Cobb,
widow of the late Charles Cobb, a gunner in the
naval service of the United States, upon the list
of those pensioners who were allowed pensions
by the act approved March 3, 1837, entitled
" An act for the more equitable administration of
' the naval pension fund," and to allow her, as the
widow of said Cobb, a pension agreeably to the
provisions of that act.
Mr. DAWSON called for the reading of the
report of the Committee on Pensions, and it was
read.
From the report, it appears that the husband of
the pensioner died in the naval service May 9,
1848, from illness produced by exposure and
fatigue on board the ship " Plymouth," during
severe, cold, and stormy weather, while on the
passage from Brooklyn to Norfolk. He served
the country during the war of 1812, with bravery
and efficiency, having assisted in taking many
prizes from the enemy, and receiving two wounds
while boaiding hostile vessels. 7he petitioner
applied to the Pension Office for a pension, but
was unsuccessful, for the reason that the Com-
missioner of Pensions was net furnished with the
proof required by the regulations of the office.
There is, however, a letter of the Commissioner
of Pensions accompanying the report, which states
that, although there was not sufficient technical
evidence to justify the allowance of the pension,
yet he had no doubt that the case was a meritori-
ous one,and deserving the favorable consideration
of Congress.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
WILLIAM BEDIENT.
The Senate proceeded, as in Committee of the
Whole, to the consideration of the bill for the re-
I lief of William Bedient, late a sergeant of the 4th
' regiment of artillery, on which the Committee
on Pensions had made an adverse report. The bill
| directs the Secretary of the Interior to place the
name of William Bedient, at present of Newark,
' in the State of New Jersey, and late a sergeant of
i the 4th regiment of artillery, on the roll of invalid
! pensioners, at the rate of $8 per month.
| Mr. ATCHISON. I suppose the question is
upon concurring with the report of the committee
adverse to the bill.
i The PRESIDENT. This is a bill. It can be
, indefinitely postponed, or the Senate can refuse to
1 order ittn he engrossed.
[ Mr. ATCHISON. I move to postpone indefi-
j nitely the further consideration of the bill.
■ Mr. JONES, of Iowa. If the bill be postponed
, indefinitely, will it not be liable to be again referred
I to the committee at the next session ?
The PRESIDENT. This vote rejects the bill.
The motion to postpone indefinitely was agreed
to.
JAMES GLYNN.
The bill for the relief of James Glynn was read
< a second time, and considered as in Committee of
j the Whole. It provides that James Glynn, a
commander in the United States Navy, shall be
entitled to a credit in the settlement of his accounts
at the Treasury as acting purser of the sloop-of-
, war " Preble," while cruisingon the western coast
; of Mexico, in the year 1850, of the sum of
! $1,338 70, the said allowance to be in full for
! losses of public money and other property stolen
or embezzled from the vessel during his tempo-
' ralT a^sence therefrom on official duty.
1 The bill was reported to the Senate without
, amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
; third reading.
