1180
the congressional globe.
April 23,
HENRY KING.
The bill for the relief of the representative of
Henry King was read a second time, and consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It directs the
Secretary of the Treasury to pay to the legal rep-
resentative of Henry King, the sum of $8,140, it
being tor the service of said Henry King, as ser-
geatit of the 3d Maryland regiment, and in the
Commissary's Department during the revolution-
ary war.
Mr. DAWSON. I should like to hear the re-
port of the Committee on Revolutionary Claims in
that case.
The report was read accordingly; from which
it appears that the claim was presented in the form
of an account showing that Henry King served
as a sergeant in the third Maryland regiment, from
May 30, to October 20, 1788, at §10 per month;
as Commissary's clerk from October 91, to De-
cember 31, 1778, at §35 per month; as same from
January 1, 1779, to April 19, 1780, at $50 per
month; as Assistant Commissary of Issues, from
Hay 10, 1780, to September 10, 1781, at $75 a
month, and for a retained ration during a small
part of the above period, which item is °£8 15s.
The total is =£862 10s. The United States are
credited with various payments during that time,
amounting to =£180 18s. 6id., leaving a balance to
King of .£661 10s. The petitioner, it seems,
had a claun against the United States, but not
having made a timely presentation of it, the act of
Congress of July 23, 1787, barred its admission.
The claim was first presented in 1794. At that
time the committee lamented that there was any
obstacle to prevent the immediate adjustment of
a claim so just and equitable; but they hesitated
to record it, as it would lead to the necessity of
making prevision forall demandssimilarly situated.
Henry King, living in Kentucky, at a distance
fiom the seat of Government, did not again pre-
sent his claim until 1817. Ills original papers
were destroyed when the capital was taken in
1814. The statement of Mr. Hagner, of January
8, 1842, states that all the papers connected with
the settlement of such accounts as King's were
\k> doubt destroyed in burning the Treasury
buildings. There is, accompanying the report, a
certificate from the register of the land office in
Maryland, dated January 25, 1841, stating that
the o I lice of auditor-general of that State had been
abolished a few years beforehand that the records
and papers of the Revolution were under his
e.tuvge. He ban carefully examined them, and
found certificates of the enlistment of Henry King,
ol' the date of 25th May, 1778, as sergeant in the
third Maryland regime-lit, and a certificate that he
was transferred to the Commissary's Department,
in October, I77M. There were several depositions
of bis fellow soldiers filed with the petition of
Henry iCintr originally. The House of Repre- !
sentativcs, in April, 1818, when acting upon the j
suhiect, reversed an unfavorable report of one of
its couiuiittefs on this claim, and passed a hill dt-
fi-ctiiiiT its payment; hut from the lateness of the
session, it was left among the unfinished business.
King died in Kentucky in 1820, and no execution
of his will was had until 1835, when the claim
•".•r,s again presented. In consideration of these
\<..:t!, the committee think it proper that the claim
should be allowed. As to the question of interest,
the committee think that the claim should hear in-
terest fiom the time ol'its presentation in J794.
Mr. BAYARD. Although on the face of this
bill it would seem that it proposes nothing but an
appropriation of the sum of $8,140 for the payment
of the services of Henry King during the war of
t.'ie Revolution, yet I judge from the report that the
b-il includes also interest from the year 1794. I
c-uppooe the interest is on the sum of .£681 10s.
3if/. Maryland currency. That seems to be the
s-im which is due. It will be necessary to reduce it
: ito dol'.us and cents. When that is done,I wish
to move to insert it in place of the §8,140 allowed
by the bill. J suppose the calculation will have
to be made in Maryland currency at the rate of 7s.
(id. to the dollar.
Mr. ATCHISON. Let the bill go over; I think
ii tn-ed-i looking into.
T.ie PRESIDENT. It will be passed over, as ;
Pcriators manifest a disposition to discuss it.
JOHN W. ROEINSON.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whoie, pro-
teedec "to consider the bill from the House of Rep-
resentatives for the relief of John W. Robinson.
It directs the Secretary of the Interior to place the
name of John W. Robinson, of the State of Mary-
land, a soldier in tie late war with GreatBritain,
on the invalid pension roll, at the rate of $8 per
month—to commence from June 1st, 1850, and to
continue during his natural life.
Mr. HALE. I move to strike out " 1850,'
and insert" 1852."
Mr. BADGER. Let it lie over.
The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator from
North Carolina propose to discuss it?
Mr. BADGER. My disposition is to find out
«7hv " 1R50" should be stricken out, and " 185.2"
entitled to pensions under the act of 18th March,
1818. , _
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
ELIZABETH JONES AND OTHERS.
The bill for the relief of Elizabeth Jones and
the other children, if any, of John CarrTwas read
a second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole.
It requires the Secretary of the Treasury to pay
to Elizabeth Jones and the other children, if any,
why " 1850" should be stricken out, and " 185.2
inserted. I cannot find that out without discus-
sion.
The PRESIDENT. The bill will be passed
over.
JOHN McVEY.
The bill for the relief of John McVey was read
a second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole. It requires the Secretary of the In-
terior to place the name of John McVey, of the
State of Arkansas, a soldier in the Lite war with
Great Britain, upon the pension roll, at the rate of
$8 per mouth—to commence on the first day of
April, 1850, and to continue during his natural
life. |!
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I move to strike out !j
" 1850," and insert"1852." ;
Mr. BORLAND. There is no report in this ij
case; but I can state the merits of itm a very few
words. I will accept the amendment of the Sen- ;j
ator from Kentucky as far as I am concerned, and :j
I suppose I am the principal one concerned.
Mr. BADG liR. Is it right to accept it > I do ;
not think the Senator from Arkansas should be |
forced to accept it. 1 wish to know why this
amendment should be made, and therefore I pro-
pore that the bill should lie over, as 1 w u,'i to dis- ;
cuss it. :
It lies over uccoidingly. '■
I
THOMPSON HUTCHINSON.
The bill for the relief of Thompson i lutchinsoti ■;
was read a second time, and considered as in Com- ;
mittee of the Whole. It requires the Secretary of :
the Treasury to pay to Thompson Hutchinson, <
son of Thomas Hutchinson, who was tote a rev-
olutionaiy pensioner, and whose name was erro- ;
neously stricken oil" the pension roll in 181S, the
amount of pension which would have been due to
him at lus death, in February, 1835, if lie had not
been erroneously deprived of it. The amount so .
to be paid to be computed from July 2-1, 1818. the
date of his pension certificate, to february 1,'
1835, at the rate of per month.
Mr. FELCH. Is there a report in this case ?
The PRESIDENT. There is. ^ I
Mr. FELCH. I would like to hear it read.
The repoit of the Committee on Pensions on the
claim was accordingly read.
Fromthe report of tile eoum.itts.-e it appe-o's that
the name of Thomas Hutchinson Wa^ p'aced on
the pension roll on the 24th of July, 1818, in con-
sideration of ins services as a piivate ill the regi-
ment of Colonel George Gibson. ! t ;"'i jance
of a decision of the then Secretary ot War, that
Gibson's was not a Continental regiment, and
therefore not embraced in the act of March 13,
181S, his name was stricken from the pension roll.
That the decision of the Secretary ot^ War was
eironeous, is distinctly established h"- t:ie fact that
the act of May 15, ]828, induced a full explana-
tion of the claim of Gibson's regiment to the ben-
efit of that act, wh'ch, in the exa>'t language of
the act of March 18, 1813, allowed pensions to
' such officers and soldiers as had served a specific
tune upon the Continental esiabhshntviit. Thine
was a decision under that act to allow its benefits
to Gibson's regiment, which, though wot a conti-
nental regiment by its original organisation, was
by ira act of the Virginia Assemti'y of October,
1787, tiansferreJ to service on the Continental
establishment, in lieu of and as a substitute for
the 9th Virginia Continental regiment, which had
then recently been annihilated at the baf:le of Ger-
rnontown, and in that service it continued more
than a year, under the immediate cnmrnind of the
Commander-in-Chief of the Contirient.il Army.
Such being the character and the actual service of
Gibson's regiment on the Continental establish-
ment, the Secretary of War has ever since decided
that those who served m Gibson's regiment were
t| U) liawcm """■       J '
I i of John Carr, late a revolutionary pensioner of
]' , i. . TT... 11 ^ J C? ^ M flia o m ri f nPtlStnTl flSC.Pr-
: the United States, the amount of pension ascer-
tained to have been due to him at the time of his
. death ; the amount so paid to be computed at the
rate of §8 a month, from the 18th day of May,
| 1818, to June 7, 1831.
■ Mr. UNDERWOOD. I do not wish to becap-
j tious ; but it is manifest that the Senate is deter-
| mined to decide the question of the retrospective
l operation of these pension laws.
• Mr. BORLAND. I can relieve the Senate of
1 all difficulty on that point. This bill is not to allow
| arrearages of pension, but it is simply to pay a
> pension already ascertained to be due under a pre-
i ceding law. .
i Mr. JONES, of Iowa. This case is precisely
j similar to that of Thompson Hutchinson, in favor
■ of which we have just decided.
i; Mr. UNDERWOOD. Then I have nothing to
sav.  
; j The bill was reported to the Senate, without
!! amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
! third reading.
i PAYMENT OF WITNESSES.
' The bill for the relief of John Jackson, Joseph
Pineau, and Louis A. S. Smith, was read asecond
! time, and considered as in Committee of the
! Whole. It directs the Secretary of the Treasury
; to pay to John Jackson, Joseph Pineau,and Louis
I A. S."Smith, the mileage allowed by law to wit-
' nesses attending the courts of the United States,
' for their attendance from Port-au-Prince, in the
! Island of St. Domingo, to the city of Boston, in
1 the State of Massachusetts.
Mr. BAYARD. I object to the principle of
, this bill. It proposes to extend the allowance of
' mileage to witnesses who were attending from a
j distance, beyond where the process of the United
States courts would reach, at the same rate of
' compensation that is given to witnesses who at-
tend'from a short distance. I do not like to have
, the principle extended so far; and, therefore, I
; would prefer that the bill should be passed over.
;i I do not object to making some allowance ; but^ I
object to giving the same rate of allowance to wit-
nesses who come a great distance, as tothosewho
! come but a short distance.
i The bill was passed over.
| HEIP.S OF JOHN JACKSON.
The Senate proceeded to consider, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, the bill of the House of
Representatives for the relief of the heirs of John
Jackson. It directs the Secretary of the Treasury
' to pay to the heirs and legal representatives of
J ohn Jackson deceased, the pilot on board the "Bon
: Homme Richard," during her brilliant engage-
,1 ment with the British frigate " Serapis," in which
action Jackson lost an arm, such a sum as would
,' be equal to a pension at the rate of a month,
': from November 15th, 1779,to the day of hisdeath,
agreeablv to the pledge given by the Captain of
the "Bon Homme Richard," and the report of
the committee of the Continental Congress mad*
September 28th, 1785.
Mr. FELCH. I hope that the bill will be
passed over, I wish to discuss it.
The bid was accordingly passed over
' i THOMAS NOEL.
The bill for the relief of the heirs of the late
. Major Thomas Noel, of the United States Army,
was read a second time, and considered as in
' Committee of the Whole. It enacts that in the
1 settlement of theaccountsofthelate Major Thomas
: Noel, the proper accounting officers of the Treas-
; ury shail "pass to his credit all payments and dis-
- bursements wnich were honestly and faithfully
made by him while acting as a disbursing officer,
; any irregularity or informality in the vouchers by
1 him filed to the contrary notwithstanding.
