268
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 13,
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, and
to have it printed, that gentlemen may examine it
and be able to reach this very difficulty which these
' amendments are -designed to reach.' Now, if the
construction of this term " outhouse" is such as
is ordinarily given it, certainly no gentleman will
pretend that it reaches the difficulty presented in
the original bill. The term " outhouse" is settled
by authority. As 1 understand the term, " out-
house" reaches only to such buildings as are per-
tinent to the main building—which are in the cur-
tilage. It is not an independent building. An
independent building,occupied for a differentpur-
pose^ does not, as I understand it, come within
that class of buildings known outhouses. Now
our-judicial construction upon acts of this kind,
are necessarily very close. The crime of arson is
one of the very highest known to our laws, and
the most rigid rule of construction is theiefore
always given to acts of this character. But " out-
house" or "house" being terms well known to
criminal law, have nece^anly received a settled
and definite construction; and they do not, I repeat,
reach such independent buildings as a shop, office,
store, or any building of that character. I am not
by any means prepared to say that this bill does
not reach any difficulty which it was intended to
cover; but I am prepared to say, and from my
knowledge of law I do say, though with deference
to every other gentleman upon this floor, that the
construction that is sought to be given here to the
term " outhouse," will be found not to be sus-
tained by judicial authority. But inasmuch as I
am at all times very much averse to occupying the
time of this House, and especially so at this time
when other committees desire to report, I hope
the House will agree to reconsider the order for
engrossing this bill, and refer it to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and have
it printed, so that we may all read and understand
it, and that we may be enabled to do justice not
only to this District, but to the whole community,
by so perfecting the law that it will reach every
olfence within its contemplation.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. My object,
and, of course, the object of every member of the
Committee on the Judiciary, is to cover by law,
and by penal law, all classes of offences of winch
complaint has been made. It is of very little avail
to carry on this discussion about the term "out-
house." My opinion is that every building de-
tached from the main building, whether it is in the
curtilage or not, is embraced by the term " out-
house. " I have had my attention drawn particu-
larly to the matter, but I have no pride of opinion
about it. I understand that if we reconsider the
vote by which this bill was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time, that it will then be
in a condition for amendment, and I suppose the
insertion of the word "shop " would settle the
matter, and probably cover ever)' species of build-
ing which would not be covered by the term
''house or outhouse."
Mr. THOMPSON, of Virginia. Would it
cover a printing- office ?
_ Mr. MARSHALL. I suppose so. I suppose
thr- term "house, outhouse, or shop" would
co>, er a rri>iti"g office. I trust, however, that
Hi wove'' ns discussion has arisen, that the
Hopm' wiii t.ike 'la1 mutter under its own charge.
1 V>pe the re o.is d"iai'r>n asked for will be given,
;iud if oifc.i.-e< unn hii.Jued while the Commit-
tee of t!,<-; YYh the of :he (J'uon is
veacliiii'^ IE, ! ..a IP. flouvi will be ready to take
the i uSj i un i , I.; y ■ >f ii.
.Mr. riT'.-,- ' r's.1 iii! flu- pn of mo'-in™
the previous <m -stum. Brt be'mv .-loi.ur s • 1 wish
to •- ,y u seems to e <1 that some ad-
tlni Mial log y.ii!o>i is ' i e r-> >>-y for this District, in
oislei !o u.\>vnle —- ioeans for bringing criminals
to p-i i1 1 The proposition has been referred
t'j the Committee on the Judiciary, and they have
given it their consideration. They have made a !
report, which was unanimously agreed in, and '
which was satisfactory to that committee. They i
propose in a certain manner, and by a certain !
method, to meet the exigency of the case; and
they call for certain action by this House, how,
gentlemen rise here upon the spur of the moment
and propose a different course. With all due
respect to the gentlemen who have spoken upon
this subject, I will not say that it does not com-
port with my notions of a proper respect to the
Committee on the Judiciary, to give to this little
bill, so comparatively unimportant, a direction
different from that which they have unanimously
agreed to recommend. But for myself, I will say
that 1 have no sort of difficulty in supporting by
my vote the proposed action of the Committee on
the Judiciary. I shall vote against the motion to
reconsider. I now move to lay the motion to
reconsider upon the table.
Mr. PARKER; of Pennsylvania. I hope the
gentleman will withdraw that motion.
Mr. TUCK. I would be glad to accommodate
the gentleman, but I cannot withdraw it.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania^. I appeal to
the gentleman to withdraw.
Mr. PARKER. I am in favor of this new di-
rection 
Mr. TUCK. The gentleman misunderstood me.
T declined to withdraw the motion to lay on the
table.
The SPEAKER. Then no further debate can
be entertained.
The question was then taken, and the motion to
reconsider was laid upon the table.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky, called for the
previous question upon the passage of the bill;
and, upon a division, there were—ayes 64, noes
3t>——no quorum voting,
Mr. M. demanded tellers; which were ordered,
and Messrs. Harris, of Tennessee, and Venable
were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 8-1, noes not counted.
So the previous question received a second, and
the main question was ordered to be put; which
main question was upon the passage of the bill.
The question was put and the bill was passed.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was passed,
and to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table;
which latter motion was agreed to.
_ Mr. BRAGG, from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, reported the following bills, which were sev-
erally read a first and second time by their titles,
referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and made the order of the day for to-morrow; and,
with the reports accompanying, ordered to be
printed;
A bill for the relief of the executors and heirs
of John Fletcher; and
A bill for the relief of James Lewis.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I wish to ask if the morning
hour has not expired?
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I move, then, that we pro-
ceed to the orders of the day.
The question was then taken, and it was not
agreed to. t
Tho SPEAKER. Reports of committees are
still m order.
On motion by Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee,
it was
Oulcred, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be dis-
chaised from the further consideration of the petition of
John Wilkinson, praying compensation for ills services
as jVavy Pension Agent foi the years 1836, 1837. and paitof ;
the year 1838; and aKo of the petition ot Ohai'ies Reeder, :
praying compensation toi services as a member of the Board
of Examiner", to make experimental trials of inventions ami
P'ae- to prevent the explosion of steam-boilers; and that
they do he upon the table.
Mr. S. remarked, that the two several petitions
above referred to had been heretofore favorably
reported upon by different committees to which
they had been referred, but that the House had
decided against them; and that the Committee on
| Naval Affairs were not disposed to revive the dis-
; cussion of these matters, and therefore had in-
j structed him to ask to be discharged from their
I further consideration.
I Mr. S., from the same committee, also reported
! a bill for the relief of J. G. Pendergrast, a com-
mander in the United States Navy"; which was
read a first and second time by its title, referred to
a Committee of the Whole House, and made the
order of the day for to-morrow, and, with the re-
port accompanying, ordered to be primed.
Mr. GOODENOW, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of Han-
nah Sampson; which was read a first and second
time by its title.
Mr. G. If the House will consent, I desire that
the bill may now be put upon its passage.
Mr. FICKLIN. Let it be committed.
The SPEAKER.. Objection is made, and it
cannot be put upon its passage.
The bill was then referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, made the order of the day for to-
morrow, and, with the report accompanying, or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. TUCK, from the Committee on Revolu-
1 tionary Pensions, to whom was referred the
j petition of Peter Winifred Ashby, deceased, pray-
j ing for arrears of pension, made an adverse report
| thereon; which was ordered to lie on the table,
! and be printed.
| Mr. T. also, from the same committee, reported
j a bill for the relief of the heirs of John Jackson;
| which was read a first and second time by its title,
and referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
i and made the order of the day for to-morrow,
I and, with the report accompanying, ordered to be
t printed.
Mr. BOCOCK, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported two several bills for the relief of
Gustavus A. De Russy, and Jameii McCormick,
assignee of Robert A. Parker; which were sever-
ally read a first and second time by their titles,
referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
made the special order of the day for to-morrow,
and, with the report accompanying, ordered to be
printed.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee, from the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions, made adverse reports
in the following cases; which Were ordered to lie
upon the table, viz:
In the case of the memorial of Daniel Gue'r-
rant, praying compensation for injuries received
in the military service of the United States; and
In the case of the memorial of Tamza Smith,
for relief for expenses incurred m supporting
Amos F. Stillson, an officer and soldier m the
Army of the United States.
Mr. MARTIN, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, made an adverse report on the petition
of Charles H. Pointer, praying compensation as
an invalid on account of disability by sickness
while in the service of the United States; which
was ordered to lie on the table and be printed.
Mr. M. also, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of Cornelius Hughes,
of Tennessee; which was read a first and second
time by its title, referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, made the order of the day for to-
morrow, and, with the report accompanying, or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. JONES, of New York, from the Commit-
tee on Invalid Pensions, made adverse reports in
the following cases; which were ordered to lie
upon the table and be printed, viz:
The petition of Thomas Whinney, praying for
compensation on occount of disability from ex-
posure and fatigue in the military service of the
United States during the war of 1812; and
Upon the petition of Elijah Close, praying Con-
gress to grant "him a pension for disability occa-
sioned by exposure in the war of 1812.
Mr. J. also, from the same committee, reported
the following bills; which were severally read a
first and second time by their titles, referred to a
Committee of the Whole House, and made the or-
der of the day for to-morrow, and, with the reports
accompanying, ordered to be printed, viz:
A bill for the relief of Francis Tribeau;
A bill for the relief of James Wright, jr.; and
A bill for the relief of John Kerbaugh.
Mr. EASTMAN, from the Committee on In-
valid Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of
Iehabod Weymouth; which was read a first and
second time by its title, referred to a Committee of
the Whole House, and made the order of the day
for to-morrow, and, with the report accompanying,
ordered to be printed.
Mr. EASTMAN asked the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce a bill, of which previous
notice had been given; but objection being made,
it was not introduced.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Ohio, from the Committee
on Invalid Pensions, reported a bill for the relief
of John Mcintosh; which was'read a first and sec-
ond time by its title, referred to a Committee of
the Whole House, and made the special order of
the day for to-morrow, and, with the report accom-
panying, ordered to be printed.
Mr. J. also, from the same committee, made
adverse reports in the following cases; which were
severally ordered to lie upon the table and be
printed, viz:
