1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
n$i
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed, and read
a third time.
DON B. JUAN DOMERCQ.
The bill for the relief of Don B.Juan Domercq,
a Spanish subject, was read a second time and con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It directs
the Secretary of War to examine and investigate
the claim of Don B. Juan Domercq, a Spanish sub-
ject, for a quantity of tobacco belonging to him,
which was taken ar.d used for the purposes of de-
fense, by order of Colonel Childs, at the siege of
Puebla, in Mexico, in the year 1847, and to allow
and pay him for so much of said tobacco, not ex-
ceeding in quantity 721 bales, at a price not ex-
ceeding $24 a bale, as shall be proved, to the satis-
faction of the Secretary of "War, to have been
destroyed or lost in consequence of said tobacco j
having been taken and used as aforesaid. It also j
provides that the Secretary of War shall allow to
the said Domercq for the injury done to 823 bales
of tobacco returned to him after being used in bar-
ricading the streets of Puebla, at the rate of one
dollar per bale, provided that the said damage shall
be proved to the satisfaction of the Secretary. It
also directs the Secretary of the Treasury to pay
to Domercq such sum as shall be allowed him upon
such investigation.
Mr. GEYER called for the reading of the report
of the Committee on Claims; and it was accord-
ingly read.
It appears from thereports that General Worth,
commanding the advance of the army under Gen-
eral Scott, entered Puebla, in Mexico, in May,
1848, and finding a quantity of tobacco stored in
that city belonging to the Mexican Government,
caused it to be seized and sold for the benefit of
the United States. The whole quantity, 2,081
bales, was accordingly sold at public auction by
Major Allen, of the Quartermaster's Department,
to Mr. L. S. Hargous, at $10 a bale, amount-
ing to §20,810. On the 36th of June following,
Mr. Hargous sold the 2,081 bales of tobacco to j
Don B. Juan Domercq, the claimant, at §20 a
bale, amounting to $41,620. One thousand three ;
hundred and twenty-five bales of this tobacco <
were, at the time of the sales, deposited in the i
quartel, or public barracks of San Jose, occupied |
by the American troops, and the remainder in j
other places in the city. It appears, also, that
219 bales of the tobacco, deposited in other places
than the quartel, were, some time in August fol-
lowing, deposited by the claimant, in house No.
6, Second street, of San Jose, near the quarters of
Colonel Childs. The whole quantity of tobacco
deposited in each of these places remained there
till seized by order of Colonel Childs at the time
of the seige of Puebla by the guerrillas in Septem-
ber following. At that time, Colonel Childs being
informed that the tobacco deposited at No. G, Sec-
ond street, San Jose, was Mexican property, or-
dered it, as well as that deposited i.i the quartel, j
which he supposed belonged to the United States, i
to be taken and used in constructing parapets on j
houses, and in protecting the streets, and in forti- ;
fying the quartel. There is a statement from Col- j
on el Childs corroborating these facts. There is
also a statement of Mr. William Spencer, the
agent and interpreter of Captain Webster, testify-
ing as to the use that was made of the tobacco.
Soon after theseige, Colonel Childs directed Quar-
termaster Webstertoadvertiseand sell the tobacco
remaining, and 500 bales were accordingly sold at
§22 a bale; which were again sold by the pur-
chaser for $24 a bale. Colonel Childs, being in-
formed by Doctor SchadW and the Spanish vice
consul of'Mr. Domercq's claim to the tobacco, he
ordered the sale to be stopped, and all that re-
mained on hand to be delivered to the claimant.
Under this order, 323 bales were delivered. Soon ■
afterwards, the 500 bales which had been sold,
were recovered and delivered—making in nil 823 i
bales of the 1,544 originally deposited in the quar- j
tel, and house No. 6—leaving a deficiency of 721 !
bales. Under these circumstances, the committee |
report in favor of allowing, for these hales, at the |
rate of $24 per bale—that being the highest whole- j
sale price at which any of the sales were made.
Mr. HALE. An there are a great many facts j
in this case, which it is not in order to debate, I ]
will move, in order to get time to understand them, j
that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
CHARLfcS G. HUNTER.
Mr. CLEMENS. I must throw myself upon
the indulgence of the Senate, to ask that the bill
for the relief of Charles G. Hunter, may now be
considered. I hope there will be no objection to
it. I move to postpone all prior orders, for the
purpose of taking up that bill.
Mr. BADGER. That is a very strong, press-
ing, and urgent case.
The motion was agreed to, and the bill was
read a second time and considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole. It requires the proper account-
ing officers of the Treasury Department to allow
to Charles G. Hunter credit for the sum of
$7,949 88, being the amount of losses sustained
by him while commanding and acting as purser of
the steamer "Scourgc,55and the schoonerTaney."
Mr. CLEMENS. That bill has been reported
unanimously from the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs. They have made no written report; and,
therefore, I think it necessary to state the grounds
upon which the claim for relief is urged. This is
not a payment of money. The gentleman asks
no payment of money. He simply wishes to
have his accounts settled. He was appointed to
the command of two different war vessels, and
connected with that was the inconsistent duty of
acting as purser. He failed to take such vouchers
as the Department require, in order to enable them
to settle his accounts. But we all know that a
steamer must have coal; and that is the chief item,
I believe, in the account. He bought coal for the
steamers. His vouchers were informal and such
as would not enable the Department to settle with
him. He lost his pay during the whole of that
time, and for a long time previous, because it has
all been absorbed by the order of the Department
requiring him to perform the inconsistent duties
of commander and purser of a vessel at the same
time.
I suppose every member of the Senate under-
stands who this gentleman h. He is Charles G.
Hunter, who has acquired the name of " Alvarado
Hunter,J! from the fact of having taken, with one
vessel, the town of Alvarado, which the whole
Army and Navy had been deployed to capture.
The bill has been reported unanimously by the 1
Naval Committee, after a full examination of the '
facts.
The bill was repoited t•j the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
On motion, the Senate adjourned until Monday.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, April 24, 1852.
The House met at twelve o'coick, m. Prayer
by the Rev. C. M. Butler.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr, MARTIN asked and obtained the unan-
imous consent of the House to introduce a joint
resolution, passed by the Legislature of New
York, relative to an appropriation by the General
Government for a canal around the Falls of St. Ste.
Marie; which was read, referred to the Committee
, on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
APPOINTMENT OF MIDSHIPMEN.
Mr. ROBBINS. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to submits resolution; which was
read for infoiniation, as follows:
Re>ohc.\ Timrth.* Orjvnim'e on Naval Affairs be re-
quested ti> mqunc into the <-\:pedif>ne/ of mortifying the
existing l<nv^ la niauon to the appointment of Midshipmen
at t'ne Vniterf States Naval Academy, to that when a va-
cancy oeeu)>j the joeoibei of Con«.*e-^ representing the
di-stnet enm'cl to me appointment shall be authored to
make the uctm.'.ation, and that they icport to thi* llou>e.
Mr. STANLY. I think there will he no ob-
jection, if the word "instructed" be inserted in-
stead of<( requested/'
Mr. ROBBINS. I consent to the modification.
The resolution, as modified, was then adopted.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio, asked and^obtained
the unanimous consent of the House to introduce
a bill, of which previous notice had been given,
4< to surrender to the State of Ohio the unfinished
portion of the Cumberland road, in said State;"
which was read a first and second time by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Roads and
Canals.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to take up the bill from the
table for the relief of Lieutenant Speedwell, that it
may be considered. He is desirous of going with
the fleet about leaving the "country, but his ac-
counts are now unsettled. We know how much
complaint has keen made with regard to the leav-
ing of accounts unsettled. He only asks that they
may be settled. The bill is on the-"Speaker s
table.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not wish to object, but
there are a great many bills upon the Speakers
table which have been there for nearly two months
waiting a reference. I suggest that the House
proceed to the consideration of the business upon
the Speaker's table.
Mr. CLINGMAN. 1 object to taking any bill
from the Speaker's table, unless it be regularly
reached.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask leave to present a
memorial, containing about seven yards of good
names, praying for the passage of the homestead
bill.
Unanimous consent was accorded, and the
memorial was referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands.
Mr. McCORKLE. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to allow me to introduce a res-
olution.
The resolution was read for information, as
follows:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency ofdirecung the Clerk
of the House to purchase for the use of members copies
of the memoir and maps of the waters of the Bay of San
Francisco, and of the livers Sacramento and San Joaquin,
by Commander C. Ringgold, of the United States Navy.
Mr. FICKLIN objected.
Mr. FOWLER. I ask leave to introduce a bill,
of which previous notice has been given, for the
purpose of reference.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois. I object.
Mr. HOWARD. I insist upon proceeding to
the regular order of business.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
FRANKING PRIVILEGE.
Mr. BRENTON. I ask the gentleman to with-
draw his motion for a moment, as a matter of
courtesy. In consequence of my ill health I will
be compelled to leave the city, and before leaving
I am desirous of presenting a resolution of inquiry.
The resolution was read for information, as
follows:
W'heieas, the Postmaster General, in his last annual re-
port, has shown, that in consequence of the present reduced
rates of postage theie is a large deficit in the receipts of
that Department, which must be met by further aid from the
Treasury; and that " the practical extension of the flank-
ing privilege to the Senators and Representatives elected to
the present Congiess, aided slightly m producing this reduc-
tion:"
And whereas it is further stated, that lCif all the fice
matter now earned m the mails was charged with postage,
even at the present rates, from one to two millions of dol-
lars would be added annually to our receipts from postage:"
And wheieas it is stared further, thai "the mcieafced
abuses of the franking puvilege render desirable some fur-
ther legislation thereon:*' Therefore,
Resolved, That the Committee on The Po*t Office and Post
Roads be, and they are hereby instructed to inquire into
the expediency of providing by law for the coirection of
said abuses, and of repealing all laws now m torco ^ant-
ing the franking privilege to Senators and Representative.*
m Congress.
[Cries of " I object!" " I object!" all over the
House.]
Mr. FREEMAN. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to present the petition of cer-
tain citizens of Mississippi, praying for the estab-
lishment of a certain raaii roule in that Suiu:, in
order that it may bf^referred to the Committer on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. FOWLEB. I object.
The question was then put upon the motion to
suspend the rules and go into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, and carried
in the affirmative. Accordingly the House re-
solved itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, (Mr. HiBBAitn in the
Chair.)
HOMESTEAD BILL.
Ths CHAIRMAN stated, as the business be-
