18 M.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
"MM
to be satisfied that it is right to make an appro-
priation for a hall at the Military Academy", where
the boys can learn to ride. I take it for granted
that instructing1 them to ride in this hall by rule
will not teach them to ride upon the mountains
and prairies, where they will have to chase down
the Indians. If you wish to teach them to ride,
let them he engaged in the practical service of the
country in the open air; and if you wish to invig-
orate and develop their systems,it would be much
better done in the open air upon horseback than
under cover or any place prepared for that pur-
pose.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. Will the gentleman
allow me to ask him a question—whether or not
the visiting committees at West Point, who have ,
been there upon the ground year after year, are not
supposed to be influenced by proper motives in j
recommending such an appropriation as necessary
and proper?
Mr. JONES. T will answer that question. I
presume the visiting committee are gentlemen sup-
posed to be friends and admirers of that institu-
tion, who wish to build it up. When they go
there they know but little of it. Many of them,
when they go there and converse with the profess-
ors and teachers of that establishment, become
infatuated, and sustain everything which these
professors recommend as being useful or orna-
mental about the establishment. The appropria- j
tion for a riding hall has been proposed for years,
and I suppose that it will finally pass. I presume
that the Senate will have a committee of confer-
ence upon this bill, and that this amendment will
be inserted.
Mr. EVANS. I wish to remark that we have
already a riding hall there, although it is a very
bad one. We cannot support horses for every
young man there. There are but thirty horses*;
you cannot, therefore, teach all the young men to
ride.
Mr. JONES. I suppose that the committee un-
derstands this matter now; and in order to prevent
any extended debate, i move that the committee
rise for the purpose of closing the general debate
upon the amendments.
The question was then taken, and it was decided
in the affirmative.
The committee then rose, and the Speaker hav-
ing resumed the chair, the chairman i*eported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had had the Union generally under consid-
eration, and particularly the Senate amendments
to House bill No. 87, making appropriations for
the support of the Military Academy at West
Point, nut had come tn no conclusion thereon.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move the usual
resolution terminating debate in five minutes after
the consideration of this bill shall beagain resumed
in committee; and also that the bill be laid aside
to be reported to the House when the amendments
shall have been disposed of.
The question was then taken, and it was de-
cided in the affirmative.
On motion by Mr. JONES, the House again
resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, and resumed the con-
sideration of the Military Academy bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The question before the
committee is on concurring in the amendment ap-
propriating; $ 12,000 for a riding hall.
Mr. EVANS demanded tellers; which were
ordered; and Messrs. Chandler and Molony
were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers
reported—ayes 57, noes 61.
So the amendment was rejected.
The CHAIRMAN. The question now recurs
upon the second amendment, " for improvements
and additions to officers' quarters, <>>3,000."
Mr. HOUSTON. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a non-concurrence in that
amendment.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The Committee of
Ways and Means recommend a non-concurrence
in this amendment. Since that I have seen the
chairman of the Finance Committee in the Sen-
ate, and have had some conversation with him
upon the subject, and he is very clearly of opin-
ion that it should be passed, and I think he is
probably correct in that opinion.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment was concurred in.
The next amendment of the Senate was read by
the Clerk, as follows:
" Por additional pay to the lithographer and pressmen in
the lithographic office, $50 each—
Mr. HOUSTON. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommends that the House concur in
this amendment.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I think those two
persons are soldiers, who have been employed
upon that lithographic work for some time, and
this amendment only proposes to give them each
$50 per annum in addition to their pay as soldiers.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment was concurred in.
The next amendment was then read by the
; Clerk, as follows:
; *'c Page second, line twenty-five, strike out the following
proviso:
''Prooidctl, Thattbo Superintendent ofthe Military Acad-
emy at West Point may be selected by Hie President ot The
United States from any corps in the Army of the United
States."
Mr. HOUSTON. That is the amendment which
was adopted by the House at the instance of the
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Marshall.]
The Senate have stricken it out. I understand that
the gentleman himself is disposed to concur with
the Senate, ard the Committee of Ways and
Means recommend a concurrence.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment was concurred in.
The next amendment of the Senate was tead
by the Clerk, as follows:
" Add as a new section to the end of the bill, the follow-
ing :
"Sec. 0. Jlndbeit further enacted, That hereaPer the
Assistant Professor of French and Diawing shall leceive the
pay and emoluments allowed to other assistant officers."
The CHAIRMAN. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommends a concurrence in this
amendment of the Senate.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment was concurred in.
The next amendmentof the Senate was read by
the Clerk, as follows:
11 Sro. 3. And be it farther enacted, That to rectify a
mistake which was made in the enrollment of the lull,
entitled 1 An act to supply deficiencies in the appiopriation
'tor the services during the fiscal yeai etidmu the 30t!i of
1 June, 18.r2}' by omitting a clause appropriating per diem
compensation and mileage for Senators, members of the
House ot Ilepie^entatives and Delegates, agreed to by the
Senate and House ol Representatives, the sum of 050,000
is hereby appropriated for that object out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated "
Mr. HOUSTON. That is a provision that
was passed in the deficiency bill, but through a
mistake of a Clerk in this House, it was left out
in the enrollment of the bill. This is intended to
rectify the mistake of that Clerk.
; Mr. CABLE, of Ohio. That was a righteous
i mistake.
; Mr. CLEVELAND. I wish to inquire of the
, chairman of the Ways and Means Committee
; what this £50,000 is for?
j Mr. HOUSTON. The amendment expresses
: what it is for. It is for the purpose of paying the
per diem and mileage of the Senators and Repre-
sentatives of Congress especially.
Mr. CLEVELAND. Is there any per diem
in it?
Mr. HOUSTON. The amendment says it is
for the payment of per diem and mileage.
Mr. CLEVELAND. Is there any provision
I for the payment of per diem 5
i Mr. HOUSTON. The amendment contains the
i words " mileage and per diem."
; Mr. CLEVELAND. I wish to inquire of the
1 chairman of the Ways and Means Committee,
* whether he does not know the fact, that this
! $50,000, or a portion of it, was taken by Senators
! for constructive mileage for services they ne\er
„ rendered in any form?
| Mr. HOUSTON. They-e is not a member of
j this committee who does not understand that
I amendment—not one. It was discussed at some
j length on two occasions previously, and although
: the majority of the House agreed to pass it, yet
upon the enrollment of the bill, some Clerk of this
! House left it out. It is the same amendment that
. was discussed on the deficiency bill, on two occa-
; sions, in this House. There is no part of it goes
j to pay constructive mileage. Not a dime of it;
j but it goes to pay Senators their per diem and
j mileage, who are now in the Senate, but who did
j not get their mileage out of the U&t appropriation,
' because of the fact that the constructive mileage
had been paid dutof the former appropriation.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I Would like
to ask the chairman of the Ways and Means Cofri-
mittee one question. He seems to be very diplo-
matic upon this amendment. He Says not & dol-
lar of this goes to pay constructive mileage, fwhh
to ask him the question directly, whether it do&§
not go to supply a deficiency that was created by
the taking of constructive mileage?
Mr. HOUSTON. If my friend had paid any
attention to my fast answer to the gentleman frorti
I Connecticut, [Ml-. Cleveland,] he w6uld have
! seen that I answered precisely the question lie now
| Mr. JOHNSON. What was your answer?
; Mr. HOUSTON". I said, in my remark to the
! gentleman from Connecticut, that this was to pay
Senators who are now in their seats discharging
| their duties; but that last year's appropriation has
I been diminished by the taking of constructive mile-
! age, and therefore it becomes necessary to pas's
i this amendment. But will the gentleman under-
i take to say that a Senator who has come in since
! —because his predecessors took constructive mile-
I age—must be made to serve for nothing? Take,
! for instance, the two Senators from Mississippi.
| The Senators from Mississippi had nothing to do
| with that constructive mileage. They did not
I take a dime of it. They were not here; but the
; mileage was taken by others; and are we to pun-
| ish them by refusing to pay them their mileage
\ and per diem because those who were in the Sen-
; ate before them had committed erroV or wrong?
. I think th#  House has already settled the matter.
; Mr. CLEVELAND. I hold it to be the duty
j of this House, if there has been an appropriation
i made by the Senate improperly, contrary to law
I and justice, and for their own personal benefit, to
j sav that they never shall have the money to re-
j plenish the fund improperly exhausted. I hold
! it to be the duty of the House of Representatives,
i Mr. CLINGMAN. I wish to ask a quesstion
' ofthe gentleman from Connecticut,
j Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to inquire
: if this debate is in order?
| The CHAIRMAN. There is about a minute
! or two of the time of the gentleman from Con-
: necticut remaining.
j Mr. CLINGMAN. I desire to ask the gen-
j tleman from Connecticut, supposing this money
1 was wasted in the last session, whether we can
| get it at all, or recover ifr by hunting for it in this
! way ?
j Mr. CLEVELAND. We can do this, and
i this we ought to do,—we owe it to the country
! to do it: Instead of having the matter hushed up,
we can expose the men who thus robbed the
Treasury without law and without right. We
can expose them to the country, and let the coun-
try see their names; and if we are faithful and
fearless Representatives, we shall do so, no mat-
ter whether they are Senators, or claim agents, or
anything else. The higher they are in office the
more important it is that we should compel them
to set a good example.
Mr. EVANS moved to amend the amendment
by increasing the appropriation $1,000.
Mr. E. said: The only reason why I offer that
amendment is, because the gentleman from Con-
necticut [Mr. Cleveland] says that the Senate
have acted contrary to law. I do not understand
the law so. I understand the law to prohibit con -
structive mileage in future, and not to those gen-
tlemen who received it.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. What law
ever gave it to them ?
Mr. EVANS. That is another question.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will inform the
gentleman from Maryland that he must confine
his remarks to his amendment.
Mr. EVANS. Constructive mileage has been
taken ever since the foundation of the Govern-
ment. It may be considered an unfair construc-
tion of the law. I do not give such a construc-
tion. I only state that a different construction
has been put upon it for the first time by either
House of Congress, now, or rather by the last
Congress, when we passed a prospective act, and
not a retrospective one. They took constructive
mileage under the former law, as I understand
it, and not under this law. They took it on the
construction that had always been uniform, and
had only been disavowed by one officer at the
