1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2fi9
The petition of Susan M. Sweeny, the widow
of Thomas Sweeny, praying to be placed upon
the pension rolls, in consequence of the death of
her husband by disease contracted while in the
military" service during the Mexican war;
The petition of Ephraim Sharp, of Dryden,
Tompkins county, New York, praying for a pen-
sion ;
The petition of Jacob Shy, praying for a back
pension on account of services in the war of 1812;
The petition of Samuel Butler, praying for a
pension on account of disability incurred in the
military service of the United States in the war of
1812; ami also
The petition of Eliza Merrill, of Bangor, Maine, j
praying for arrears of pension due James Merrill
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I am author- !
ized by the Committee on Public Buildings to !
state, that there is a bill from the Senate now lying
upon the Speaker's table, appropriating the sum
of twelve hundred dollars for the purpose of fitting
up two rooms to be occupied as a library, and for
containing the books which shall be purchased
with the money which was appropriated for that
purpose by a bill passed yesterday. The Com-
mittee on Public Buildings are desirous that the
bill should be passed immediately, and I am au-
thorized by them to ask the unanimous consent of
the House that it may be taken up and acted upon,
now.
Mr. DUNHAM. I object.
The SPEAKER. Objection being made the bill
cannot now be taken up.
On motion by Mr. RICHARDSON", the Com-
mittee on Territories was discharged from the
further consideration of the preamble and resolu-
tion of the Legislative Assembly of the State of
Iowa, on the subject of compensation to the sol-
diers and others, while that State was a Territory,
for defending the southern boundary of said Ter-
ritory; and it was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Mr. NEWTON. I ask the consent of the
House to withdraw certain papers from the files of
the House, for the purpose of returning them to
their owners.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I object.
Mr. DUNHAM. Are reports from select com-
mittees in order now ?
The SPEAKER. They are.
Mr. DUNHAM. Then, sir, I propose to make
a report from the select committee to which was
referred the joint resolution explanatory of the act
of September 28, 1850, entitled "An act granting
bounty lands to certain officers and soldiers who
were engaged in the military service of the United
States," and the subject of amending and extend-
ing the bounty land bill. The report is to strike
out the original bill that was referred to the com-
mittee, and to insert the following as a substitute
therefor, viz:
Seo. 1. He it enacted by the Senate andHouseof Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Jlmcrica in Congress as-
sembled, That all certificates or warrants fin military bounty
lands winch have been, or may hereafter ho, issued under
anv law of the United States, and all certificates of valid
locations of the same which have been or may hereafter be
made, aie hereby declared to be assignable by indorsement j
thereon, and such assignment shall be executed and ae- j
knowled ed, or pioved, in the same manner and with the j
same formalities that deeds for the conveyance ot land are '
executed and acknowledged, 01 proved, mtheStateor ter-
ritory where such assignment shall be made.
Sec. 2. ~ind be it farther enacted, That flom and after
the passage ot this act, the legisters and reeeiveis of the
United States land offices shall each be entitled to receive
fiftv cents lor his seivices in locatin" each bounty land
wan ant bv linn located, to be paid by the person or persons
locating the same ; but this act shall not be so construed as
to allow any register or ree«iver to receive anv greater
maximum of salary and fees than by law he is now enti-
tlesi-c 3. Ji nibe it farther enacted, That the aetnf which
this aet is explanatory, shall be so construed as to include
all commissioned and non-commissioned oflicers, musi-
cians and privates of militia, volunteers and inngerswho
were inuHteicd into the serviee of the United States lor the
suppression oi prevention of Indian hostilities, or who.e
seivices of thai charactei weie recognized and paid by the
United States piior to the passage oi said act, and who
served the length of time required by said act.
Sec 4 M he it further enacted. That in computing
the tetin of service of the officers and soldiei- ot militia,
volunteer, and laagers, for the purposes ol this act or of
the aet of which this act is explanatory, such term shall be
computed fiom the time they were mustered into the ser-
vice or and paid by the United States to the tune they were
dit-'charired therefrom.
c?ec. 5. And he it further enacted. 1 hat if any officer or
soldier entitled to bounty land under this act or under the
aet of which this act is explanatory, has died smce the pas-
sage of said act, or shall hereafter die without having ob-
tained a wanant for the same, leaving u widow, the war-
rant shall issue to such widow; if no widow, then s-uch
wariant shall issue to Ins minor heir^, if any shall survive
himj and it the warrant shall have issued befote his death,
then such warrant shall pas-i to and be vested m his widow,
if he shall leave one; and it no widow, then to his minor
heirs, if any.
Sec. 6. Jhid be it further enacted, That the warrants
which have been, or may herea ter be issued, in pursuance
of said act, or of this act, may be located upon any lands of
the United States subject to private entry at the time of
tfuch location.
Sec. 7. Jlnd he it farther enacted, That the proviso to
the second section of the act of which this act is explana-
tuiy, be and the &ame is hereby lepealed.
Mr. DUNHAM. Mr. Speaker, I have been
directed to report the amendment that has ^just
been read by the majority of the committee. The
minority, however, will probably offer another
amendment to the bilL The bill will stand, if
amended as we propose, so as to make certificates
assignable by an assignment upon the warrant in
the same manner and under the same restrictions
that deeds are required to be executed in the re-
spective States where the warrants are assigned.
The object of the committed in making this pro-
vision was this: they supposed with such a pro-
vision the officers and citizens of the different
States would more readily understand what they
had to do in making valid assignments of certifi-
cates than m any other way. Every public officer
of a State understands, or can readily ascertain,
what steps he has to take to execute a valid deed;
and, consequently, he can take the same steps for
the assignment of a land warrant. I apprehend
there will be no difficulty m the Department's ascer-
taining what are the laws in the different Stales
upon the subject. There can be no difficulty upon
that score. They can easily inform themselves of
the laws of the several States for the proper exe-
cution of a deed.' No difficulty will arise in the
application of these laws to the assignment of
warrants.
Mr. TUCK. I rise to a point of order. I am
not aware what is the motion before the House.
The SPEAKER. It is upon an amendment
proposed by the committee to the original bill re- ;
ferred to them.
Mr. TUCK. I submit whether it is in order to
do that, unless there is a motion submitted that the
bill be put upon its passage ?
The SPEAKER. The question is upon the
amendment proposed by the committee. There
being no motion to commit the bill, that is the
question before the House.
Mr. TUCK, is it in order to move to commit
the bill to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union ?
Mr. DUNHAM. Not until th£ gentleman gets
the floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indiana
has the floor.
Mr. DUNHAM. The second section is in
reference to the payment of registers and receivers
for the location of bounty land warrants. The
committee have striken out this section m the ori-
ginal bill, and propose to provide for the payment
of these officers for locating land warrants here-
after. It may be possible that in some of the
'offices labor has been done for which their fees
and salary have not been an adequate compensa-
tion; but it was impossible at this time for the
committee to inquire into the receipts by registers
and receivers throughout the United States to as-
certain which had and which had not been suffi-
ciently paid for the services they rendered. We
considered it was better to leave those officers in-
dividually to prefer their claims to the Govern-
ment. If their case is meritorious, undoubtedly
the Congress of the United States will be disposed
to grant relief. .But in many of these offices they
are not entitled to tins privilege. They have in
many instances received almost the maximum the
law allows them to receive, without any payment
whatever for the location of land wairants. In
other places they have not received near that
amount. It would be a long and tedious inve&ti-
i gation to examine into every case to find out
ij whether the officer has leceived an adequate cora-
'| pensation for his services or not._ \Ve did not
consider it proper to load down a bill of n general
! character, as this is, with these individual claims
■ for services rendered—for some of which there
! was no right of payment. They are leit m the
: same situation as private claims. We provide
! for the future claims of officers for locating these
warrants, that the register and receiver for the,
location of a warrant receive each fifty cents. That
is the fee which they are now entitled to forlocating
forty acres of land at one per cent, upon the money
received.by each officer. They now receive, the
register one per cent, and the receiver one per cent..,
which would make for the location af forty acres
to each officer fifty cents. I submit to the House
that there is no more trouble in the location of one
hundred and sixty acres than there is in locating
forty acres of land. We, therefore, ought not to
pay any more in the one case than in the other.
The committee could not conceive why tjiere
should be a distinction. The distinction is a rea-
sonable one, if the officer has to take charge of
the funds. He there incurs a responsibility, and
that responsibility increases with the amount of
money received. This cannot apply where lands
are located by means of warrants, in this respect
the committee have changed the original bill.
They make the fee payable in all cases by the
person who makes the location, whether he be
the original grantee or not. The original bill pro-
vides, if the land is entered by the assignee, thai
the fee should be paid by him, and I apprehend
no gentleman will doubt if the land warrant is
to be sold and transferred, the transferee has to
pay this additional price for locating the warrant.
That enters into consideration when he buys the
warrant. There can be no propriety in making a
distinction in the payment of the fee, when it is
located by the original grantee, or by his assignee.
If it is located by the assignee, he should be made
to pay the fee. I submit to every member of the
House whether every business man will not take
that into consideration when he buys the warrant
from the original grantee, and whether there is any
reason in principle or practice why there should
he a distinction between the payment of the fee by
the person to whom the warrant has been granted
or his assignee.
The next section provides for that class of men
who are called out for the suppression or pre-
vention of Indian hostilities under the authority
of the States,, but whose services were recognized
and paid for by the United States out of the public
Treasury. We thought that this was no more
than fair; no more than justice demanded. If for
these services they have been paid out of the
Treasury, the presumption is that they were val-
uable to the General Government. There is no
reason why, the Government having considered
these services of so much advantage as to require
at their hands remuneration, they should not be
put upon the same looting with persons legiti-
mately called into the service of the United States.
In this respect we have not departed to any extent
from the original bill.
The fourth section provides that the time of ser-
vice shall not be computed,as is now done, at the
Department, but that in computing the term of
service of the officers and soldiers, of militia, vol-
unteers, and rangers, for the purposes of this act,
or the act of v^hich this act is explanatory, such
term shall be computed from the time they were
mustered into the service and paid by the United
States to the time they were actually discharged
therefrom. The object is to cover all that class of
cases. I will give you an instance: In the Black
Hawk war rangers were called out for twelve
months service. The war closed after they had been
in service only thirty days, some sixty and some
ninety days; but those troops were-kept in active
service upon the Indian frontier for the purpose of
intimidating the tribes and to keep them in order,
for the whole term for which they were enlisted—
twelve months. Yet the Department, because the
Black Hawk war ceased within thirty, sixty, or
ninety days after their enlistment, say they shall
only receive a warrant for the time ihey served in
the war.
The fifth section provides for those cases where
apohcation is upon file m the Department, and
where no wanant has issued, that if any person
entitled to bounty land under this act, or under the
act of which this act is explanatory, has d>ed, or
hereafter shall die, the warrant shall issue to the
widow in the first instance upon her application;
I if no widow, then to the minor heirs, in the same
| manner as if he had died after obtaining the war-
i rant. It also 
\. Mr. FICKLIN. With the consent^ of my
!] friend from Indiana, I wish to make an inquiry.
H The chairman of the select committee to whom
