1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
*1163
settlers at the time of the passage of the act grant-
ing alternate sections. That is all I desire to do,
and no amendment, excluding all others, can be
too strong for me. Those who have been attracted
to the 1 ine of the road since the lands were granted,
have gone there for speculation, and can take care
of themselves; but the actual settler, the poor
man who has labored to make himself a home, is
very differently situated.
Mr. HUNTER. My objection to the bill was
purely on the ground, that I supposed it protected
those who had made locations on the line of the
road since the alternate sections were granted to
the State; but I have no objection whatever to
granting a preemption to the actual settler whose
improvement was made prior to the grant of the
lands.
Mr. FICKLIN. That is all I desire; and I
cannot believe that any gentleman who under-
stands the bill, will object to its being called up
and passed.
Mr. HALL. I will state to the gentleman from
Ohio, with the permission of my friend from Illi-
nois, what the Committee on Public Lands under-
stand by this bill, ft has been represented to them,
and I suppose truly, that there were certain set-
tlers upon some of this land—which, under the bill
alluded to, was reserved to the United States—
who had not complied with the preemption law,
and of course were not protected by the terms of
that bill; and yet they had made settlements and
improvements. The State of Illinois has secured
to all such who have settled upon the land granted
to that State, their rights, at $2 50 per acre. This
bill merely proposes that those who had settled
upon the land reserved to the Government, before
the passage of the bill referred to, shall have the
land at ^2 50 per acre; although they had not com-
plied with the preemption law.
Mr. FICKLIN. Mr. Chairman, having said
thus much in regard to that preemption bill, I pro-
pose to proceed to the consideration of the sub-
ject immediately before the committee—the home-
stead bill, which wasintroduced by my friend from
Tennessee, [Mr. Johnson.] From the opponents
of this bill we have had some speeches, to which
I have listened with great interest. They were
marked with thought and ability.
I have carefully read the speech of the honorable
member from Maine, [Mr. Fuller;] and although
I have bestowed as much thought in the investiga-
tion of his reasons as I was enabled to do, I
see nothing in them, although his arguments are
speciously put together, which is calculated to
raise a doubt in the minds of those in favor of the
homestead bill—nothing at all. Sir, my friend
iives too near the Canada line to understand our
land system. He quotes authorities which are
not consonant with our interests in this country.
He cites the opinions of British lords. I would
rather have the opinion of one of ouHords of the
sojl—one of the sovereigns of our land, on this
subject, (although he may never have read a book
on entails or contingent remainders,) than the
opinion of a British lord, with all his legal lore. It
is known to me, and it if? known to ail of those
who have given any attention to the British land
system, that it is directly the opposite of ours.
Under the English law, the lands are in the hands
of a few wealthy families—a few pampered aris-
tocrats. Their policy is to hold them in the hands
of the few—ours is to have them pass into the
hands of the many, to distribute them amongst
those of the people who will cultivate them. We
desire to see them owned and occupied by the
lords of the soil, the sovereign people of this coun-
try. The British theory is, that every acre of
land in that country has its lord; and there is a
regularly-graduated dependence from the King
down to the humblest tenant who tills the soil.
The title descends from the Crown. Her policv
is to preserve a pampered landed aristocracy, which
policy is at war with the best interests of this
country.
The honorable member from Maine talked about
the unconstitutionality of this measure, as have
some others upon this floor. I have not taken the
trouble to examine whether those gentlemen who
question the unconstitutionality of this hill did or
did not vote for grants of bounty land to the sol-
dier.. Nor shall I do so, because their vote cannot
change the power of Congress in the premises. If,
however, they voted to grant bounty lands to sol-
diers, 1 should like to know where they will find
the distinction. I should like to know under what
clause of the Constitution they will find the power
delegated to grant bounty lands to soldiers, that
does not at the same time confer the power to
grant lands to the landless and homes to the home-
less and houseless of this country. The principle
is the same. I hold that we have unlimited control
over the public lands of this country. I hold that
ample power is delegated to us by express grant
of the Constitution, whereby we are authorized to
dispose of the property belonging to the United
States, land included. This is the constitutional
provision:
" The Congress shall have power to dispose of, and make
alt needful rules and regulations respecting, the territory or
other property belonging to the United States."
It has been the uniform custom and practice of
Congress to grant lands to individuals, corpora-
tions, and States, in great and small quantities, from
the foundation of this Government up to the pres-
ent time. The right, it seems to me, cannot now
be questioned, for it has been sanctioned, I think,
by every President who has had the honor of a seat
in the Executive chair, from President Washing-
ton down to President Fillmore. Each and all
have signed bills granting lands to individuals,
corporations, or States.
My friend from Maine [Mr. Fuller] seems to
think that we are going to run out of lands some
of these days—that the time is coming on when
we shall have no public lands whatever. In look-
ing through the vista of time, I cannot, aided even
by fancy, reach the point when this Government
will be without public lands. I venture the pre-
diction, that while these States are bound together,
and we have a Government, we shall have more
I public lands than would furnish homes for all of
our people. If, like Rome, and some other ancient
Governments that have preceded us, we shall be-
come so dissolute and so corrupt as to be over-
thrown, then, as a matter of course, land, liberty,
and all that is dear to us, will go together. But
while the States continue united, and while ours
is a free, independent, and republican Govern-
ment, we shall not only have lands, but we shall
have more lands than we can settle. It was Lo-
renzo Dow, or some one else, who, speaking of
the great desire of an acquaintance to increase his
lands, said, if the individual owned the whole
world he would want a small piece outside for a
potato patch. It seems to me that that desire
would be about as rational as the desire of my
friend from Maine, [Mr. Fuller,] who maintains
that we should not pass this bill granting these lands,
because, forsooth, some day or other we should
need them. I am one of those who believe that
this is to be an ocean-bound Republic. I am one
of those who believe, if we remain a free and inde-
pendent people, that we are to occupy this whole
continent. How was it in regard to Mexico? Is
it not known that at the close of our war with that
people, many of them desired to be annexed to
this country, and have our laws extended over
Mexico? IIow is it at this moment with that coun-
try? Do we not all know that our difficulty is
rather in keeping these Mexican States away from
us, than in attracting them to us? Is it not man-
ifest that quite as soon as our population shall be
prepared for it, and perhaps much sooner, the
feeble Government of Mexico will totter to its
| fall, and drop like a ripe pear into our lap? It
1 will devolve upon us the responsibility either of
! placing it under our own jurisdiction and govern-
ment, or of seeing that it does not pass into im-
piopei hands. It is impossible that it shall main-
tain itself much longer.
We were told a few days ago by the honorable
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Chandler,]
to whose remarks I listened with the most pi-o-
il found pleasure and to whom I return my thanks
for his able and instructive speech, that we have
<i upwards of an acre and a half of land for every
i! human being upon the face of the globe. It is es-
!' timated that the globe contains between nine and
:; ten hundred millions of souls, and this Govern-
' ment now owns between fouiteen and fifteen hun-
■ dred millions of acres of land, to say nothing of
the hundreds of millions of acres of land in the old
; States owned by individuals; thus it will be seen
l! that the time is not near at hand when we shall be
in need of elbow room on this continent.
I Then, so far a# my friend from Maine, [Mr. Ful-
ler,] or my friend from New York, [Mr. Jen-
kins,] is concerned, or any others who may enter-
tain fears iri regard to a 'scarcity of land in ttiis
country owned by this Government, I beg them
to dismiss fell fears "upon that subject, because
they are entirely groundless; One word more'in
regard to the speech of my friertd from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Chandler.] He saw the true^point
in this case. We are now receiving in this coun-
try, from 250,000 to 400,000- emigrants per an-
num. The tide of incoming population -is rapidly
increasing. He had read in the British'prints
that it was a part of the policy of Great BritaiiTto
rid herself of the Celtic population in Ireland, aftd
he had perceived that our cities must be so crowded
with this population, as to produce g at inconve-
nience. He had seen with the eye of a statesman
that this population must be disposed of in some
way or other, and not be pent up in the confines
and purlieus of cities where they would soon be-
come vicious, if they were not so already. It is
but the part of wisdom and far-seeing statesman-
ship to provide means of transportation and to
send these people into the rural districts of this
country, where they may enter upon the new
lands, the virgin soil of the West, Southwest, and
Northwest, and where they would be out of the
way of many temptations to crime, and where by
i the sweat of their brows they can make a living.
I This would be not only beneficial to the cities
! themselves, but it is of the utmost importance to
' our emigrant population.
While I have voted land bounties to our sol-
i diers whenever these bills have come up, I may be
permitted here to say, that this measure is more
salutary and more beneficent in its effects and oper-
ation than any bounty land bill which has ever
passed this House. The bounty land bill receives
more votes—and why ? Because it affects all the
States, and because the citizens of all the States
feel a direct interest in it. When they obtain'Jand
warrants, they sell them, and the money is appro-
priated by them to serve their wants and supply the
necessities of life. Those land warrants are very
frequently located by the speculator, who holds
them until the adjacent lands have been cultivated
and improved, and thereby imparted value to his.
But in this case it is different. You require the
one who receives the benefits of this bill to lo-
cate upon the land, and remain there five years;
and I ask you whether five years' probation on
wild lands, where the occupant is subject to the
privations incident to a new country, is not equal
to a three months' campaign ?
We are told by some that they are apprehen-
sive, if this bill should pass, that there will be a
rush from the old States to the new States—a kind
of general stampede in the direction of the western
and north and southwestern portions of this coun-
try. That will not be the case, however. In the
first place, there are a great many individuals who
are attached to home, kindred, and the fireside of
their youth. This is a strong feeling of the hu-
man heart, and one, too, which is not so readily
relinquished. This feeling alone will prevent
many from quitting the home of their youth.
Those who are able to purchase will not select a
tract of land in this new wilderness country, but
will prefer to buy a home of their choice land, that
has been improved by the erection of comfortable
houses, and other conveniences, rather than take
one not of their choice, and remain on it five years
before perfecting their title.
There is still another class that will not avail
themselves of this bill; they are such as are too
poor to find means to pay the expense of emigra-
ting from the older to the new States, and of set-
tling on these lands; therefore those persons can
not go. When, then, you come to make the cal-
culation, you will find that those not now resi-
dents of the new States, who will secure to them-
selves the benefits of this bill, will be generally of
the middle, or rather not of the very poorest class,
and that the number will not be so large by a great
deal as is anticipated by some gentlemen. The
man who is too poor to purchase land, but who
has means to defray traveling expenses, will go
and select him a home under this bill, improve the
land and obtain a patent for it at the end of five
years; but the man who is too poor to reach the
lands cannot, of course, enjoy their benefits, for
though 44 the waters are troubled, he cannotstep
in."
I have heard it suggested by some of my friends
from the older States, that if this bill shall become
a law, it will put an end, now and forever, to all
