1186
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 26,
Mr. DAVIS presented the petition of II. H.
Stevens, praying authority to import free of duty,
machinery to be used in the manufacture of linen
goods; which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. WALKER presented a memorial of the
Legisla^ire of Wisconsin, praying a grant of land
to aid in the improvement of the Wisconsin river
between Fort- Winnebago and the Beaulieux Rap-
ids; which was referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. FELCH submitted additional documents
in relation to the claim of Sylvanus Culver; which
were referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
public lands,
Mr. WALKER. I have a petition in my hand,
whieh measures fifty-two feet in length, and is
signed about as closely throughout as it may be
seen to be here at the commencement, praying that
Congress may take such steps, and adopt such
measures, as will throw open the public lands to
free settlement by actual occupants. At a very
early day in this session I had the honor of intro-
ducing a bill into the Senate upon this subject,
which was referred to the Committee on the Pub-
lic Lands. It was before that committee during
the last Congress, and was then reported upon
adversely. I have not heard from the bill since it
went to the committee at this session; but I know
the industry of that committee, and I know that
it has a great deal to do, for it has before it many
subjects of weighty importance. I had hoped,
however, that we might have had a report on the
bill which 1 had the honor to present, one way or
the other, either favorably or adversely, before
this time; and I am still in hopes that, notwith-
standing the committee has been so fully occupied,
they may do so at an early day. This subject is
growing in importance before the country, and I
believe I can say for one—having, perhaps, as inti-
mate, if not a more intimate, knowledge upon this
subject—having, perhaps, more correspondence
than any other individual in the Senate m relation
to it—that it is not looked upon as a matter of so
great importance, perhaps, by the Committee on
Public Lands as it is by those whom we represent
throughout the country. I will ask that this peti-
tion also be referred to the Committee on Public
Lands. It is signed by a number of thousand
people in the city and county of Philadelphia, and
I hope it may be considered promptly by the com-
mittee, and that we may have a report upon it at
as early a day as practicable.
The memorial was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
. On motion by Mr. SEBASTIAN, it was
Ordered, That tile repoit ol tlio Kccielary of War and
the accompanying papers, on the (lies ot the Senate, lela-
tinj; to thti claim.- of ceilam friendly Seminole Indinns tor
mihtaiy service* in the Florida war, be refened to the Com-
mittee on Indian Allans.
On motion by Mr. BRODHEAD, it was
Ordered, That Robert Dickey have leave to wululiaw
his petition and papers.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. CLEMENS, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, to which was referred the peti-
tion of the heirs of Wolcott Lawrence, late of
Monroe, Michigan, deceased, praying remunera-
tion for lands improperly sold to him l>y the Gen-
era! Government, asked to be discharged from the
further consideration thereof; which was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, to which was referred the bill from
the House of Representatives for the relief of the
heirs of Semoice, a friendly Creek Indian, re-
ported it back without amendment.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, from the Committee on
Pensions, to which was referred the petition of
Rosanna Sowards, submitted a report, accompa-
nied by a bill for her relief; which was read and
passed to the second reading. The report was or-
dered to be prmted.
Mr. GWIN, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to which was referred the petition of C.
Hansen, of Brooklyn, New York, praying that a
contract may be entered into with him for carry-
ing the mail by steamers between the city of
Brooklyn and Gluckstadt, Holstem, for the term
of ten years, asked to be discharged from the fur-
ther consideration thereof; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the bill for the relief of William
Richardson and others, asked to be discharged
from the further consideration thereof, inasmuch
as the claim has been adjusted under existing
laws; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the bill from the House of Represent-
atives for the relief of James A. Fawns, reported
it back without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the bill from the House of Represent-
( atives for the relief of Monmouth B. Hart, Joel
Celley, and William Close, securities for the late
Benjamin F. Hart, a purser in the United States
Navy, reported it back without amendment,
j Mr. RUSK, from the Committee on the Post
: Office and Post Roads, to which was referred the
; petition of Isaac Houston, reported a resolution
' for his relief; which was read and passed to the
second reading.
It simply provides for the payment of §47 05,
being a balance due under a contract for carrying
the mails on a route embiacing parts of the States
| of Iowa and Missouri, during portions of the years
; 1848 and 1849. At the request of Mr. Rusk, it
; was read a second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. No amendment being made,
it was reported to the Senate, and ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. SfJMNER gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce "a bill to enforce liens in
admiralty, and to regulate proceedings therein."
temple's memoir.
Mr. BELL submitted the following resolution
for consideration:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be requested
to turiu>h the Senate with a copy ol a memoir ot tiie land-
ing of the United States troops at Vera Cruz in 1847, by
Lieutenant Granville Temple, with art appendix, contain-
ing the written orders of General iSeott and Commodore
Connor, on tile in the N.ivj .Department.
REV. CHARLES L. BRACE.
Mr. CASS submitted the following resolution
for consideration:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to transmit to the Senate, a>o larasinay be compat-
ible with the public interest, a copy ot the correspondence
of the Airiencatt Charge at Vienna,with the Depaitmentof
►Stare, on the subjectot the apprehension and imprisonment
by the Auatnan authorities ox the Rev. Oharled L. Brace, an
American citizen.
MEXICAN REFUSAL OF TOBACCO PERMITS.
Mr. RUSK submitted the following resolution
for consideration:
Resolred, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to lay before the Senate the pioois upon file in the
State Dcpaitmentj submitted by Turner arid Penshaw, o!
the city of New t Jrleans, in relation to the refusal of the
Mexican Government to grant gums or permits to take
into the inteiior toi sale certain lots ot tobacco imported
into Mexico prior to the tieaty ot Guadalupe Hidalgo.
CONTRACTS FOR MAILS.
A motion by Mr. RUSK that fifteen hundred
i additional copies of the reports of the Secretary
1 of the Navy and the Postmaster General in rela-
! tion to the contracts for carrying the mails by
! steamships between New York and California,
| communicated the 23d, 25th, and 26th of March
| last, be printed for the use of the Senate, was re-
I ferred to the Committee on Printing.
J BILLS PASSED.
j The following engrossed bills and joint resolu-
tion were severally read a third time and passed:
! Joint resolution for the relief of Alexander Y.
; P. Garnett;
Bill for the relief of George G. Bishop, and the
: legal representatives of John Arnold, deceased;
! Bill for the relief of Jacob Y'oung;
| Biil for the relief of Margaiet Farrar;
j Bill authorizing the legal representatives of An-
j toine Vasqucz, Joseph Vasquez, and John Colli-
I gan to enter certain lands in Missouri;
j Bill for the relief of Martin Fenwick or his legal
| representatives; the titleof which was amended on
; motion by Mr. Downs;
| Bill for the relief of David P. Weeks;
! Joint resolution for the relief of the heirs of Jo-
seph Cordurey;
Bill for the relief of James Glynn;
Bill for the relief of Thompson Hutchinson;
Bill for the relief of Elizabeth Jones and the
other children, if any, of John Carr;
Bill for the relief of the heirs of the late Major
Thomas Noel, United States Army;
i Bill for the relief of Don B. Juan Domercq, a
1 Spanish subject; and a
Bill for the relief of Charles Gr. Hunter,
i URSULA E. COBB.
! On motion by Mr. BADGER, the vote on or-
i dering the bill for the relief of Ursula E, Cobb
1 to be engrossed and read a third time was recon-
1 sidered. Since that vote was given, an error has
been discovered which will render art amendment
' necessary.
i REPRESENTATIVES OF T. D. ANDERSON.
! The bill for the relief of the representatives of
Thomas D. Anderson, deceased, late Consul of
; the United States at Tripoli, was read a second
! time and considered as in Committee of the
, Whole.
! On motion by Mr. UNDERWOOD, it was
! Ordered, That it be recommitted to the Committee on
■ Foreign Relations.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives
was received by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announ-
cing that it had passed a bill entitled " An act to
extend the time for locating Virginia military land
warrants, and returning surveys to the General
Land Office."
JAPAN EXPEDITION.
Mr. BORLAND. I desire to give notice to the
Senate that on Wednesday of this week I shall
ask the Senate to take up for consideration the
resolution which I had the honor to offer some
time ago on the subject of the expedition to Japan.
I give notice of it for the reason, that some week
or so since I stated that 1 should let it lie, without
asking for it to be taken up, in consequence of the
wish of some Senators to bring the subject before
the Senate in Executive session. The consider-
ations in regard to that have ceased to exist; and I
shall on Wednesday, in accordance with the views
of several other Senators besides myself, ask the
Senate to take it up for consideration.
SCHOOL LAND IN MISSISSIPPI.
The following bill from the House of Repre-
sentatives was read a first and second time by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands:
An act to authorize the Legislature of the State
of Mississippi to sell the lands heretofore appro-
priated for the use of schools in that State, and to
ratify and approve the sales already made.
PUBLIC LANDS IN ARKANSAS.
A bill from the House of Representatives, to
release from reservation and restore to the mass
of the public lands ceitain lands in the State of
Arkansas, was read a first and second time.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 move to refer it to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. There is no earthly ne-
cessity for doing that. A bill of precisely similar
import to, and almost a literal copy of this, was
introduced by me early in the session, and referred
to the Committee on Public Lands; which reported
favorably upon it. It is simply a bill to release
from reservation the small remnant of military
lands yet remaining undisposed of in the State of
Arkansas; and it possesses that rare virtue of
tendency to bring money into the Treasury,
rather than voting an appropriation out of it. As
the matter has received the full consideration of
the committee, there is no necessity for its refer-
ence. Under these circumstances, I conceive there
can be no objection to its immediate consideration.
I ask that the bill, without reference, may be acted
upon now.
Mr. HUNTER. I withdraw the motion to
refer.
Mr. FELCH. I would inquire of the Senator
whether the bill from the House is precisely the
same as that reported from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands ?
Mr. SEBASTIAN. It is the same in sub-
stance.
The Senate proceeded, as in Committee of the
Whole, to consider the bill. It enacts that the
several tracts of land in the State of Arkansas
heretofore reserved for the satisfaction of military
bounties under the law of 1812, and which now
remain undisposed of, shall be released from such
reservations, and restored to the mass of the public
lands, to be disposed of in the same manner as any
