1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1187
other public lands; provided that the person who
may, at the date of the act, be an actuni settler on
any one of said tracts, and who, but for the reser-
vation thereof, might have claimed the right of pre-
emption thereto under the act of September 4,1841,
shall be authorized to enter the same, or any subdi-
vision thereof, upon making proof of said right, and
paying the minimum price per acre, within a year
after the passageof theact, or prior to the day fixed
for the public sale of the tract. It enacts, further,
that all the sales of said lands, or locations thereof
by military warrants, other than those of the war
©f 1812, which have been inadvertently permitted
to be made, and which are in all other respects
fair and regular, except as embracing the reserved
lands not offered at public sale, shall be confirmed,
and the patents thereon which have been issued
shall be as legal and valid as if said lands had
been released from reservation, and offered at
public sate prior to such sales or locations; and
that all said warrants which have not been satis-
fied ruay be located on any public lands subject to
private entry at the time of the location of the
same.
Mr. HUNTER.. I wouM inquire of the Sen-
ator from Arkansas, whether this is not an exten-
sion of the preemption system ?
Mr. SEBASTIAN. In reply to the question
of the Senator from Virginia, I can say, that, as
I understand the bill, it does not embrace the ex-
tension of the preemption system. It extends the
present preemption system to anew class of lands,
which would have been subject to preemption but
for the fact, that they were reserved by the act of
1812 for the satisfaction of military land warrants.
Those military land warrants have been satisfied
almost to the full extent of those which are out;
fou', long since, by two acts of Congress hereto-
fore passed, the claims to military land warrants,
which were to have been satisfied out of this mil-
itary reserved district, were converted into rights
at large; and it was a mere omission of Congress
at the time; it was what they should have done
?it the very moment the military land warrants
were turned into rights at large, and located on
the public lands of the United States that they did
aiot release these lands at the same time from this
reservation. In the mean time, however, settle-
ments have been made upon the lands, and this hill
merely gives to those persons the right of settle-
ment in the same manner as if the lands had not
been reserved during this time. It does not extend
the preemption system, except to these particular
lands; and it removes this one objection. Had
they not been embraced within the technical res-
ervation, they would have been subject to the
right of preemption ever-since 1840, but they have
been, since that time, reserved for land warrants
which have been satisfied and turned into rights
at large, for the satisfaction of which this military
district had been formerly set apart. The Senate,
•therefore, will see that there is no reason why the
bill should not pass. There can arise no conflict
•except between the settler and the Government;
and this bill proposes to give the right of preemp-
tion in precisely the same class of cases to which
it would have extended, but for this technical res-
ervation.
Mr. FELCH. There is one respect, I think,
in which the bill which has been read, does extend
the preemption right. The preemptor now has
the right to make his entry of land at anytime
previous to public sale. This bill gives him the
right to enter it at any time previous to public sale,
or within one year after the passage of the act. In
ithat respect, I think it does extend the time for
making the entry.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I think the Senator mis-
apprehends the effect of the bill. The settler, is
at all events to make proof of his preemption right,
and enter the land within twelvemonths, or sooner
if it is proclaimed for sale, and that is incident to
all preemption rights under the general law. I
so understand it.
Mr. FELCH. If that is the provision of the
bill, it is in accordance with the present law. If
the Senator would consent to strike out the words
" within a year after the passage of this act," it
would then correspond with the general law.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the Senator from Ar-
kansas will either make the bill confoim to the
present law or consent to refer it. I move to refer
it to the Committee on Public Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
MONROE RAILROAD COMPANY.
The bill from the House of Representatives, for
the relief of the Monroe Railroad Company and
their sureties, was read a first time, and ordered to
a second reading.
Mr, DAWSON. I would be pleased if the
Senate would consent to consider the bill now.
The PRESIDENT. It requires unanimous con-
sent to read it a second time now.
There being no objection, the bill was read a
second time and considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It authorizes the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to cancel the several bonds given by the Mon-
roe Railroad Company, for the duties on certain
bars of railroad iron imported for the use of that
company, at Savannah, in the State of Georgia, in
the year 1841; and also to enter as " satisfied,"
the judgments which have been or maybe obtained
by the United States against said company, or their
sureties on their bonds—the defendants paying the
costs of the suits.
Mr. HUNTER. I would suggest to the Sena-
tor from Georgia that it would be better either to
refer this bill to the Committee on Finance, or to
let it lie over for a day. If he will give me a chance
to examine it, I shall not press the reference.
Mr. DAWSON. Certainly.
The PRESIDENT. The bill is now before the
Senate as in Committee of the Whole, and must
be disposed of.
Mr. DAWSON. I asked that the bill might
be considered, and passed at this time, because the
court meets on Monday next—the first Monday m
May.
Mr. HUNTER. I suppose that by general
consent the bill can be informally passed over until
to-morrow.
Mr. DAWSON. I have no objection to that
course, but it is setting a bad precedent.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair would suggest,
that as the bill is nowin Committee of the Whole,
it would be better to allow it to be reported to the
Senate, and to be ordered to a third reading. If
that course is pursued, the bill will come up to-
morrow on its third reading.
Mr. HUNTER. I have no objection to that
course.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to a third reading.
APPORTIONMENT BILL.
The bill suplementary to "An act providing for
4 the taking the Seventh and subsequent Censuses
4 of the United States, and to fix the number of the
' members of the House of Representatives, and to
1 provide for their future apportionment among the
4 several States," approved May 23, 1850, was
read a third time and passed.
THE DEFICIENCY BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill from the House
of Representatives to supply deficiencies m the
appropriations for the service of the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1852, the pending question being
upon the amendment of the Senator from Arkan-
sas, [Mr. Borland.]
Mr. BORLAND. I desire to make a slight
modification in the amendment which 1 have of-
fered. It is to add to the first section of the amend-
ment the following proviso:
Provided, That in no State shall the papers selected for
the publication of the iaw& and public advertisements be
less than two in nuinbei.
Mr. HUNTER called for the reading of the
amendment as modified; and it was accordingly
read, as follows:
That the selection of newspapers for the publication of
the laws of the United State* shall, after the passage of this
act, he made bv the i**eeretaiy of State, as follows: The
number selected shall be one in each Congressional distiict
in each State—one m each Teuitorv—and four in the Dis-
trict of Columbia. And the piefeience shall be given, irt
all cases, to the paper* winch at the time of selection shall
have m the States or Teintones respectively in which they
are printed, the largest number of weekly subscribers; and
to those in the Distiict of Columbia whit-h shall have at the
time of selection, the largest number of wecklv subscribers
in the United States.; the amount of such number of sub-
scribers to be ascertained by the affidavit of the publishers
resperhvcly, and by such additional evidence as tuny be
requi-ite fo e.-tablUh the facts in each case to the satisfac-
tion ofthe postmaster at whose office such papers respect-
ively commence their calculation. Provided, That m no
State shall the pttpeis selected tor the publication ot the
laws and public advertisements be less than two in num-
ber.
And be it further enacted, That when it shall be neces-
sary to publish any public advertisements, except advertise-
ments of lists of letters in any State, they shall be published
in the two papers in said State having the largest number
of subscribers, as provided in the preceding suction ot'jhis
act, tor tiro publication of the laws, the amount of circula-
tion to be ascertained in the same manner as provided in
the precedingsectinn aforesaid.
And be it further enacted, That said public advertise-
ments shall be published in the newspapers having the pub-
lication ot the laws as aforesaid in the Dis-tnct of Columbia,
and in the papers having the publication of said laws in the
Territories., when and as often as may be deemed neces-
sary.
And be U further enacted, That as soon as may be after
the passage of this act. and at the beginning ot the first ses-
sion of every succeeding Congress, a copy of the list of
newspapers selected, according to the terms of this act, for
the publication of the laws of the United States, shall be
communicated by the Secretary of State to the heads ofthe
several Executive Departments, and to the Senate and
House of Representatives respectively.
And be it further enacted. That the President shall cause
to be communicated t« the Senate and Hoine of Represent-
atives annually a list of all newspapers that shall have pub-
lished by authority, during the nevt preceding year, any
adverttsementas aforesaid, with the names of the publish-
ers:, the place of publication, the nature of the work per-
formed. and the amount paid to each publisher.
And be it further enacted, That all acts and parts of acts
inconsistent with this act, be and they are hereby repealed.
Mr. HUNTER. I would suggest to the Sen-
ator who moved this amendment, to modify it by
striking out the word " weekly," so as to let the
publication of the laws and advertisements be
given to the paper which has the largest number
of subscribers, without reference to the fact wheth-
er they are weekly or daily.
Mr. BORLAND. I have no particular desire
that the publication should be limited to the weekly
subscribers but for this reason, which I suggested
when I offered the amendment the other day, that
the daily circulation, or the tri-weekly circulation
of a paper is of very little consequence for the cir-
culation of the public advertisements and laws.
The weekly edition of a paper is that whicli gen-
erally goes to all the readers throughout the coun-
try, where we desire thepublicadvertisementsand
laws to be made known. It brings them to the
fireside of every reader of a newspaper through-
out the country. Those who reside in cities, and
who take daily and tri-weekly papers, will cer-
tainly find in their papers all that would be put
into the weekly papers, or they could get the
weekly papers also. For that reason I have put
in the weekly circulation. 1 have no particular
desire, however, to limit it. I wish to give it to
i the papers having the largest circulation. But we
know very well that the daily and tri-weekly pa-
pers do not circulate generally throughout the
country.
Mr. HUNTER. If the Senator has no par-
ticular objection to it, the amendment would be
much more acceptable to me by striking out the
word " weekly," so that the publications may be
given to the papers having the largest number of
; subscribers.
Mr. BORLAND. Before I decide upon that,
I wish to call the attention of the Senator from
Virginia to the fact, that it will limit the publica-
tion of the laws and public advertisements to the
papers of the large cities, which circulate within
the cities and very little beyond them. Under
this modification, those papers, of course, would
always command all this public work—the publi-
cation of these advertisements and the laws—
although they might be limited in their circulation
to the corporation limits of a city. If you take
the daily editions of papers in large cities, they
will monopolize these advertisements and the pub-
lication of the laws, and the laws and advertise-
ments will not go into such general circulation as
they would if they were published in the weekly
editions of newspapers.
Mr. BADGER. Without referring at all to the
general purpose of the amendment of the honorable
Senator from Arkansas, which may be very cor-
rect, it seems to me that there are three objections to
it; two to the form of the amendment as it stands,
and a third to the proposition to introduce it at thi#
time, and on this bill. The first of the two objec-
tions which I think apply to the amendment itself
is, that the publication of the laws and the public
advertisements, in one paper in every Congres-
j sional district in the United States, seems to me
i to be entiiely unnecessary, for any purposes for
I which laws and advertisements are required to be
j made known. It will involve a considerable ad~
I ditional charge upon the Treasury, of which you
I know, sir, I should think, perhaps, as little as any
i gentleman in this body. But I object to it, not on
1 account of the amount, but because it seems to me
