1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
275
I
Mr. HOUSTON. I appeal to the gentleman
From Illinois, [Air. Bisseli,,] and ask that he will
permit me .to bring to the attention of the House
the condition of the public priming.
Mr. BISfcSELL. 1 am sorry to disoblige the
gentleman, but I cannot yield the floor for that
purpose.
Mr. HOUSTON. I hope the gentleman will
allow that subject to he brought now before the
House, as the subject upon which he proposes to
speak will consume the balance of the day.
Air. USfc,fc,LL. I should be glad to oblige the !
gentleman, but it strikes me that this question of 1
printing will consume not only this day, but many j
days m succession, if we lay aside other business !
Jo attend to it. |
Mr. HOUSTON. I rise to a question of order, j
It is this: Whether I have not a right, under the [
rules of the House, to make a report from the 1
Committee of Ways and Means, stating the rea- j
sons why the appropriation hills have not been :
reported within thirty days from ihe announce- !
ment of the Committee of Ways and Means by
the Speaker ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair knows of no rule
of the House giving the gentleman that right.
Mr. BISSELL. Mr/Speaker, upon the ques-
tion of referring the report submitted yesterday
by the chairman of the select committee upoli
the bounty land question, 1 wish to say a few i
words, I was gratified that the chairman of that !
committee made the motion to refer the bill to the j
Committee of the Whole on the state of the '
Union, but I regretted very much that lie after- j
wards announced to us that he had made that ;
motion with the view of subsequently withdraw- j
ing it, and of putting this bill upon" its passage i
here, tinder the operation, as I suppose, of the 1
"revious question. Now, sir, I hope no vote will j
e taken upon this bill under any such sriategy. :
It will be most manifest to every man who will '
pay the least attention to the provisions of this j
bill, that it is one that requires, perhaps more than I
any other one that has been before us during- this i
session, that deliberation and attention which it i
can only receue in Committee of the Whole, j
Sir, he is a bold man who, understanding the pro- !
visions and foreseeing the operation of this bill, !
votes to-day that it become a low. And he is a 1
rash one, who votes for it without that under- j
standing and foresight. No, sir; this bill should!1
go to the Committee of the Whole; and I hope 1
the members of this House are prepared at once !
to reject it altogether, or, at least, that they will ,
see the propriety of letting it take that course 1
which bills of far less-importance than this gener- j
ally do. To some portions of the bill I have no j
objections whatever. To other parts of it, I \
think a large majority of the members of this !
House will object. Of some portions of it I have
no language sufficiently strong to express my dis- ]
approbation. j
The first section proposes to make land war- \
rants assignable. That is very well; but I think, |
upon mature reflection, that the mode of assign- (
ment provided for in this first section is by no I
means the best one; and my reasons for thinking i
so can be given in very few words. The section j
provides that these warrants shall be assignable, I
the assignment to be executed and acknowledged, ■
or proved, in the same manner and with the same '
formalities that deeds for the conveyance of l^nd |
are executed,acknowledged, or proved hi the State |
or Territory in which the assignment may be >
made. Now, at first blush, that seems very well; !
and I am not so much opposed to that mode of;
assignment as that 1 would go against the bill on 'j
account of it if it suited me in other respects, 'j
But I think the bill must be essentially modified jj
in nearly all of its provisions; and, while we are
about it, 1 am for having this one perfected also. i:
Look at the effect, of providing this mode of as-
signment. A. land warrant is assigned, for in- :j
stance, in Florida; executed and acknowledged .j
there in accordance with the laws of that State ;■
regulating the execution, acknowledgment, and
proving of deeds for the conveyance of land.
Now, liow is the register or receiver of a land |
office m Oregon expected to know, when the war-
rant is presented at his ofhee, what are the laws
of Florida upon that subject? and, without "such ;i
knowledge, how can he know that the assignment ■;
is legal or valid according to the provisions of the !j
law we are now about to enact? Another one is si
assigned in Maine according to
which deeds are executed and
the mode
acknolWedi
i us see how this matter is got over by the chair-
rr .i .  .    -T   man of the select committee, [Mr. Dunham.]
there. How is this: same register m Oregon, nine- j After providing' in this comprehensive bill for
IJ.7L I ?'? 6,1 ,the wlUTf1l,IS pre-j: paying officer who shall hereafter locate these
sented to hitn, to know what are the laws of |; warrants, he tells you that those who have been
A"J ji engaged m locating them heretofore, can come to
| : Congress, each with his individual claim, and get a -
j, bill through here for his compensation. Is not
j; that a most extraordinary proposition? Is it not
,   . • v. . a mosfc unreasonable one, so far as the present,
the warrant is presented to him at his office, j: and late incumbents of these offices are concerned 3
whether the asslS™^t^upon it is legal oi^not? ji This bill provides for paying officers who perform
ji these -services hereafter, and invites those who
)' have performed them heretofore-^some of whom
j; are in ofiice now, and some not—to come to Wash -
H mgton by dozens, and scores, and hundreds, and
present to Congress, each his individual claim, in
the form of a puvate bill, for (he purpose of obtain-
! inghis pay, as register or receiver, foi locating these
Maine in relation to deeds conveying land - And
further still, how is any legister or receiver ex-
pected to know the laws of all the States and
Territories and of the District of Columbia, regu-
lating this subject, so that he may know, when
Why, it would require a lawyer, indeed, and one
of much reading, too, to be enabled to act under-
standing!y under such a law as you propose for
the guidance of registers and receivers.
Mr. DUNHAM. Has the gentleman always
been of that opinion, or has he recently embraced
it, and since the committee acted upon it?
Mr. BISSELL. Pe rsonally, I have always
preferred a different mode of assignment from that
provided by this first section, yet I did not object
to this mode in committee, willing, if the balance
of tins bill should suit me, to indorse the whole;
but as I have said before, when I came to see the
frightful disprojfbrtions'of the other parts of the
bill, I was disposed to have it nearly all modified
—tins section as well as others.
Now a far moie simple, better, and wiser plan,
is that which was provided for m the bill before us
originally; and I now call the attention of gentle-
men to that better mode. The first section of that
original bill provides that the warrants for mili-
tary bounty lands, which have been, or may here-
after be, issued under any lawof the United States,
shall be assignable in such form, and pursuant to
such regulations, as may be prescribed by the
Commissioner of the General Land Ofiice. Now
the Commissioner has constant communication
with all these local oilices, and the moment you
may pass this original bill, he will send his ciicu-
lar containing this law and the prescribed form to
each of the registers and receivers, and they will
have all the required information before them m
plain and simple language, directly from the De-
partment here. Thus that provision of law regu-
' land warrants heretofore. That, sir, is an improve-
| ment upon the General Land Office system, which
j is as ingenious as it is just to retiring land officers.
| Why, the land office system is designed to be,
and should be, complete and perfect in itself. The
claim of these officers for compensation sftould be
adjusted, nowand always, not ny Congress but by
the head of that Department here. If, pursuant to
the invitation of the chairman of this committee,
fifty or a hundred of these land officers come up to
Washington and present their claims to Congress,
I should like to know when they may reasonably
expect their bills to be ail got through? How-
much of the time of Congress would be consumed
m passing them, and how much of the money
of these honest claimants be expended, in employ-
ing agents and in personal attendance, session af-
ter session, till their bills are passed' How sim-
ple, how sensible, how rieht would it be, to pro-
vide in preference for those who have already
Mcated these warrants, just as we do for those who
shall locate them hereafter! Provide that those
registers and receivers who have heretofore located
these warrants shall receive a certain percentage
on each warrant so located by them, under regu-
lations of the Department, the whole amount al-
lowed to any one in no case to exceed the maxi-
lating the assignment of warrants, will pass into ji mum of compensation now allowed by law. There
all the local land offices, and all other public offices
where business of that kind is transacted by offi-
cers or individuals. Every man may then see
and easily understand, what is necessary to con-
stitute a legal assignment of a bounty land war-
rant. Now, which of these plans is the better
, one' Nay, I would ask„mdeed, if the one re-
ported by the majority of this select committee is
i not almost utterly impracticable ^ So much for
; the first section of the bill, which is to be foiced
i through the House under the operation of the pre-
i vious question.
; The second section of this bill—and I ask those
gentlemen who have not given it particular atten-
tion to attend to it now—provides, that for loca-
ting warrants hereafter, registers and receivers
shall receive fifty cents upon each one located.
Now, geatlemen, you are ail aware that the loca-
tion, by these warrants, commenced some three or
four years ago. Since thatYhne so many locations ;
have been made under them, that probably not j
one fourth part of those originally directed to be :
issued now remain unlocafed. The officers who -
have located them, have never received one sin- 1
gle cent, except a small pittance, originally ,
provided for locating such as bad been assigned. 1
The subject of compensating these officers for
their services comes before this House; is referred .
to a select committee, and they report in favor of
compensating such officers as may render the same
services hereafter, and wholly neglect to provide
the same equal and just compensation, or any com- !
pensation at all, to those who have performed these !
services up to this time. Is there justice m that?
If the location of these warrants hereafter to he i
made is a service, fairly and justly entitling the t
registers and receivers to compensation, why not ■
compensate those who for three years have de- .
voted nearly all their time to that labor without '■
receiving so much as one hundred dollars, over I
and above clerk hire, office rent, and other neees- ;
sary expenses? Why, the very fact that the com- ;
mittee proposes to pay for locating these wad ants i
hereafter, shows them to be aware uf the fact that ;
there is justice in the claim of those who ask com- .
is no difficulty in regulating this, none at all. The
head of the Land Office Department here knows
how much pay each land officer has received,
year by year  
Mr. DUNHAM. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. BISSELL. Certainly.
1 Mr. DUNHAM. I should like to know, in
1 settling those accounts at the Land Office, how you
are to ascertain the amount they are entitled to for
1 locating Mexican land warrants?
j Mr. BISSELL. In the easiest possible way,
! I assure the gentleman. I will turn to the records
of the General Land Office here, or introduce that
i gentleman to a clerk who will do it, and show, in
i less time than I have been speaking, precisely how
much each land officer has received for each year,
during the whole time in which entries have been
made by these warrants.
Mr. DUNHAM. The gentleman will find him-
self very much mistaken, or else my inquiries have
resulted in a wrong answei, for my 
Mr. BISSELL. The books of the General
Land Office show whether a warrant was located
by the original holder, or by his assignee. If by
his assignee, the Department knows that the re-
gister and receiver has received fifty cents. If by
the original holder, the Department knows that
the local land officer has received nothing. There-
fore it is entirely practicable to obtain the necessary
information on this point. When that informa-
tion is obtained, the Department should be author-
ized to allow each register and receiver a percentage
upon entries by warrants, under the restriction or
limitation as to amount, which I have already
suggested. This is exactly what the majority of
the select committee propose to do for registers and
receivers who may perform this service in future.
Is there any more difficulty about the past ? This
whole tlung ought to be settled in this bill. We
want no future legislation on the subject. We do
not want these registers and receive; s—nor their
widows and children—here in mournful procession
with their private lulls for compensation, year after
year, till our patience and their spirits shall be
pensation fofhavmglocated them heretofore. Why t1 worn out. Reeulate the compensation to which
provide for payment only to future officers? Let ^ they are entitled now, when it can so easily be
