iW:
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 26,
it would be so much money* entirely wasted. If
of the United States are published in two
orsthree papers in each State, and I believe three
is the present number 
, Mr. COOPER. Two.
Mr. BADGER. By their publication in that
number of papers every purpose is answered which
thfe publication of the laws can accomplish. It is
not necessary to have them printed in every little
village newspaper. * It is not necessary that every
man in all the walks and conditions of life should
read the laws that we pass here. It is sufficient
that that amount of publicity is given to them
which the present regulations require. We all
know, that if there be particular bills which are
interesting to particular portions of the country,
they are at once transferred to the little papers and
become known to everybody in the State who has
any interest in them, or any desire to see them.
That is the first objection.
The next is, the provision to which the Senator
from Virginia has adverted, of determining the
amount of circulation which shall entitle a paper,
in this District or elsewhere, to the publication by
the number of weekly papers issued. I do not
understand the argument of the honorable Senator
from Arkansas, that theadveitisements do notfind
their way to those who may be interested in know-
ing them, through the daily and tri-weekly issues.
I think they do, quite as much as through the
weekly editions. It seems to me, therefore, that
the amount of issues to entitle a paper to be
allowed the privilege of publication, should include
all the issues of the paper—daily, tri-weekly, and
weekly.
In addition to these two objections, I do not see
why the Senate should be called upon to consider
this amendment 011 the present occasion. There
is no necessity for it. It will have no operation
now that it will not have if put upon one of the
general appropriation bills. The arrangements for
the publication of the laws are made in the winter
for the coming year. The papers which are to
publish the laws, which may be passed at this ses-
sion of Congress, are not now to be designated.
They are already designated. The Departments
are in the habit of designating the papers to pub-
lish their advertisements at the commencement of
the season, There is therefore no purpose to be
accomplished by requiring this amendment to be
considered now; and I would suggest that we
should permit this matter to stand for the present.
Let this amendment be laid over. If the Senator
from Arkansas would be kind enough to with-
draw it, we should have an opportunity of becom-
ing familiar with Us details; and let it be digested
better, if it can be, and let it be put as an amend-
ment 011 one of the appropriation bills. Every
object will then be accomplished, while, at the
same time, we shall have an opportunity of know-
ing, with accuracy and precision, what is the
change we propose to make, and whether, 011 the
whole, it will do good or not.
Mr. BORLAND. Mr. President, the Senator
from North Carolina has at least brought a very
formidable array of logic, for which he is, as we
all know, distinguished, against this poor amend-
ment of mine.
Mr. BADGER, lbegpardon. I was very far
from calling this amendment of the Senatorapoor
amendment. I dare say it is a very good amend-
ment.
Mr. BORLAND. I shall not attempt, as I
should not be able, I apprehend, to make an argu-
ment, in detail, to meet all the objections of the
honorable Senator. [ thought the amendment so
It does not stop quite so shortas that, however;
that is, its intention is to go a step further, in the
same general direction, and while it diffuses, bet-
ter than has yet been done, this useful informa-
tion among the people, to correct what I consider
a very great abuse. 1 do not know whether it is
known to the Senator from North Carolina, or
whether the same thing is to be observed in his
State, but I am sure it has been the observation of
almost every other Senator who hears me now,
that the publication of the laws and public adver-
tisements is made use of as Executive patronage
for political purposes, and to an extent which not
only fails of the proper object of these publica-
tions, but is positively mischievous in its tend-
ency. I know that in my State the publication of
the laws and public advertisements is made use of
as political patronage for political purposes upon
a small scale, it is true, because the opportunities
there are limited. But even there, it is brought to
bear as a means of political party influence. I
learn from other Senators that it is so in their
States. 1 have reason to believe it is so in most
of the States. I have gone to the Departments
here, and have shown by statements of facts
which they were bound to admit, that certain
papers in my State had the largest circulation;
and 1 have been told that papers of smaller circu-
lation must have the publication as patronage, as
political partisans 
Mr. BADGER. Political friends.
Mr. BORLAND. Although I could showthat
the paper which I named had twice or three times
the circulation of the one having the publication
of the laws and advertisements, no heed was given
1 to the fact, and the publication was continued
' where it would reach the smallest, instead of the
' greatest number. That was what I meant the
| other day, when I said that the present practice
j gave any Administration power, to a considerable
I extent, to subsidize the public press. We know
that such is the effect.
! I wish I had full information on this subject to
lay before the Senate now. I shall to-morrow
J oiler a resolution of inquiry, which I am satisfied
J will bring to the attention of the Senate facts
| which no one can controvert, showing that these
J abuses have been practiced to a very great extent.
| I shall offer a resolution of inquiry, calling upon
1 the different Departments to communicate to the
i Senate what has been in done in this way.
i The Senator from North Carolina says, that,
[ for all the purposes for which we publish the laws
: and public advertisements, the daily circulation of
; the newspapers will be sufficient. Why, if hecon-
I siders it only necessary and proper that persons
1 living 111 cities, or in their immediate vicinity,and
( who take daily papers, should know the laws,
then I admit he is right.
Mr. BADGER. The Senator misunderstands
: me altogether. I think that every class of readers
, should have a fair and reasonable opportunity of
i seeing the laws and public advertisements; and I
1 think, that by taking the largest circulation of a
; paper, including daily, tri-weekly, and weekly,
I you give that opportunity; but if you exclude
• those who take daily papers I know no reason for
I it. I do not see why they should not have an op-
portunity to see the laws and advertisements as
j others. So with regard to the readers of tri-week-
; ly papers. Why, I ask, confine the enumeration
; to weekly papers, and exclude both daily and tri-
weekly? Here, 111 this city, for instance, is the
National Intelligencer, and here is the Union, both
i printed at the seat of Government. They have
' large lists of daily subscribers, and probably much
plain, and it was, to ray mind, so obviously pro- :! larger lists of tri-weekly and weekly subscribers,
per, that I could not think it required an argument, ;; By selecting such papers as these you reach everv
 1  — *  7 •. . p r
pi
hardly an explanation, to commend it to the favor
of the Senate. J really did think that it was one
of those propositions so plain, that argument was
not necessary to enforce it, but would, rather, im-
pair its force. To my mind, it is a self-evident
proposition. It is simply a proposition that we
will fix, by law, the number of newspapers in the
United States which shall be selected to lay before
the people, who are interested in the laws under
which they live, and the advertisement of then-
Government transactions, in a manner to inform
the greatest number, by bringing them to every
man's door, under every man's eye, and to every
man's knowledge. That is theobject of it. That
is the object which it proposes 111 every one of its
provisions.
class of the community. That is what I meant
- to say.
Mr. BORLAND. If this provision excluded
] the publication from the daily or tri-weekly press,
' then there would be, I think, some force 111 the
remarks of the Senator from North Carolina. But
we know that in making up the weekly paper the
. matter contained in the daily paper is put into it.
j Mr. BADGER. Those who take the daily do
t not take the weekly papers.
; Mr. BORLAND. If these laws be published
i in the weekly, they will go, as a matter of course, i
! into the daily papers, because we know that the i
practice of the publishers is to make up the weekly I
, from matter of the daily papers. The weekly is a j
1 collection of the contents of the daily paper. In I
that way we know that where these publications
are made in the weekly papers, they will also be
published in the daily papers. But the Senator
from North Carolina must recollect, that in pro-
viding, under the present system, for the publica-
tion of the laws in the daily papers of Washington
city, they are given not for the people at lai ge, but
for a class of population who have the information
right before their eyes, in the daily publication of
the proceedings of the two Houses of Congress.
I want this for the benefit of the people at large,
throughout the country, and in the country dis-
tricts, not for the special benefit of persons congre-
gated in the cities, who have the means of obtain-
ing this information without looking into the
newspapers for it.
The Senator says that this amendment is not in
its proper place—that it ought to go upon another
bill. 1 think it is too late to make objection to
anything of this character coming into this bill. It
has already been made an "omnibus." It 13 a
general appropriation bill. It may be called a par-
tial appropriation bill, but it is truly a general ap-
propriation bill, as contradistinguished fiom a
special appropriation bill. The proposition is there-
fore legitimately here as an amendment to this bill.
Certainly a Senator who hasgone for putting into
this bill some provisions which are now in it, can-
not object to this on the score of irrelevancy.
I know that a suggestion has been made that the
effect of this amendment will be to give these pub-
lications to certain papers. I do not care to what
papers they go, so that the publication in these
papers will carry out the object of the amendment
which is to spread the laws and public advertise-
ments fairly and fully before the greatest number
of people. If, as has been objected in some quar-
ters, the effect of the amendment is to throw the
publication of the public advertisements and laws
into Abolition papers, I do not care. I am not
giving it as patronage. But if there is any class
of people, m my estimation, before whom, above
all others, we should lay our laws, fully and fair-
ly. so that their eyes shall rest upon them, from
day to day, it is this very class of people, to whose
organs, it is said, will be given the publication of
the laws by this amendment. Peihaps, if they
had before them the laws which we have passed
here, in pursuance of constitutional authority, and
which are binding, not only upon the actions but
upon the consciences of good citizens, we should
hear less about the " higher law" which is raised
up for the purpose of interfering with the execu-
tion of the constitutional laws oi the count! y. Let
them have these publications, not as patronage to
newspapers, but to inform their minds, enlighten
their understandings, teach them their duties', and
thus accomplish a great public good.
Before I sit down, I wish to remark, that if I had
any doubt as to my own soundness upon the
slavery question, or amy thought that my standing
at home was such as to subject me to the suspicion
of a want of soundness upon it, I might have hesi-
tated before offering this amendment; for ] knew
very well that the suggestion would be, as it has
been made—not here, of course—that I was favor-
ing the Abolitionists. But, sir, as 1 have no doubt
of myself, so I have no fears of unjust susDicions
among those to whom I am accountable for my
conduct here. For that reason, if these publica-
tions do go into an Abolition paper, I have no ob-
jection. Not that I would give it patronage, but
because I would make use of it as a vehicle for
disseminating among the greatest number of the.
people a knowledge of the laws tinder which we
all have to live.
Mr. BADGER. I wish to make a remark,
and only one, m reference to a suggestion of the
Senator from Arkansas, as to the great evils of
the partiality which he has discovered in the ad-
ministration of this patronnge of the Government.
"We have not found those evils in North Caio-
lina. Whenever the Demociaticpartyhas been in
power, it has of course put this patronage in the
hands of Democratic editors. Nobody had a right
to complain of that. When the Whig party has
been in power, it has had this printing done through
papers friendly to its interests. But that wos a
matter which did not concern the object in view.
Whether the laws and public advertisements
were printed by Whig or Democratic papers did
not concern the object. They were printed and
circulated. That is what we have found to be
the case in our State. And if there was in the
