1-852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tors. Those who Jioid them for their own pur-
pose, enter their land immediately or very soon.
But t suppose that about nine tenths of the whole
nijmber sell their warrants for cash to speculators.
Tnose who have money and disposition to specu-
late ill lands buy these warrants foi from $80 to
$100, say at an average of about ^90. These
speculators will horde them up. When the poor
emigrant wants a piece of land to live upon he
takes the first piece of good land he reaches, lays
his warrant, settles and cultivates it. The specu-
lator, with his scores of warrants, lies back until
a new and rich district is opened for sale. Before
the day of sale comes oil, he is there, by himself
or his agent, with his warrants. He selects out
the best lands in advance, and covers in a clay
thousands of acres with his warrants. Then he
holds these lands—which instead of being entered
at §j200 for a hundred and sixty acres have cost
him less than half that sum—till surrounding- cul-
tivation and improvements by actual settlers have
enhanced their value fourfold. Then, "for that en-
hanced price he sells them out for cash to emi-
grants desiring them for settlement. His ultimate
profits are so great that he can well afford to retain
his warrants Sir a Ions; time before locating them,
and hold his lands up from sale for a long time
afterwards.
I think, theiefore, that this section should be
stricken out, and that you ought to place those
who may hold these laud warrants now proposed
to be issued upon the same footing; with those who
took warrants under the acts already in force.
Let them lay their warrants upon lands which
! to be an act explanatory of an act, which deserves
i to be thoroughly considered by this House. I
I believe the only way in which this bill can ever
be passed through the House, is to have it passed
under circumstances that will give it a thorough
examination. I notify the friends of the bill that
it is my belief, if this bill should go to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and is there discussed, that it will be killed dead,
as it. deserves to be. I believe that all, except a
s«tional portion of the country, would be satisfied^
tiHiave this bill receive its quietus in Committee*
of the Whole, because there are propositions be-
i fore the Senate which are sure to bring it up in a.
! manner which will give us the opportunity of
i passing any enactment upon any subject embraced
in this bill, which deserves our approbation. Gen-
| tlemen will not be committed by the loss of this
bill —they will find other measures and other op-
portunities of procuring such enactment upon the
subject as ought to cass this House r
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I now move—the
morning hour having expired—that we proceed
with the business upon the Speaker's table.
The question was then taken, and it was agreed
to. «
On motion by Mr. WILCOX, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of' J. P. Montgom-
ery, prayine for compensation for services performed in the
war with Mexico, be taken from the flies of the House,
and reierred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
DEFICIENCY EJ/TIMATES FROM THE INTE,
of the Navy are to conje here separately, w.hat
will the Secretary of the" Treasury base; his "esti-
mates upon as to the amountof revenue necessary •
to meet the expenditures of the Government?; But
when they submit their estimates to him to be
transmitted to the Congress of the United States,
he has before him the amount which 'will be re-
quired. He then makes his estimates of the rev-
enue to be received by the Government -for the
year. If there appears from his estimates of the
revenue to be received that there is a surplus, he
reports the fact. If there should appear to be a
deficiency in his estimaies of revenues to be', re-
ceived, th£n it is his duty to suggest' plans and
recommend the means by which the revenue shall
be increased; or if he cannot present any plans
satisfactory to himself which will raise the neces-
sary amount of revenue, then it becomes his duty •
to recommend loan, and to what amount. Tbe-
lieve it was the uniform practice, from the act of
1800 down to 1846, for the Secretary of the *Keas-
ury to report his estimates with his annual finan-
cial report at the commencement of each session.
And this has been thepractice from the commence-
ment of the Government'to 1842,1 believe. The
fiscal year commenced upon the first of January,
and ended upon the 31st of December of each year.
If 1 mistake not, it was in 1842 that an act was
passed altering the commencement and termina-
tion of the fiscal year, declaring that it should
commence upon the first of July of each year, and
end upon the 30th of June thereafter. The act
approved August 2(5, 1842, provides "that on
' and after the first day of July in the year of«our
' Lord 1843, the fiscal year of the Treasury of
'the United Slates, in all matters of accounts, re-
' ceipts, expenditures, and appropriations, shall
' commence on the first day of July in each year;
' and the report of estimates required to be prepared
i and laid before Congress at the commencement
1 of each session by the Secretary of the Treasury,
in obedience to the acts of Congress of the 2d of
1JN TER-
MOR DEPARTMENT.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
were in market at the time the original bill Was i| is the proposition to refer the report of the Secre-
passed, or, if you please, upon those lands which !j tary of the Interior, of estimates for deficiencies, to
are new in market, But do not extend their priv- I; the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
ileges in this particular any further. !j Union, and that it be printed.
There are lands enough already in the market, ' Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. On yesterday,
and good lands too, upon which these warrants < when this question was beloie the House, I moved
can be laid. Why- give so many, such accumu- li to lay that report upon the table, because it had nT ...
lated advantages, to "those who nifty speculate in i| come here, as 1 believed then, and as 1 now believe, ji in o e iei c i iyrav 10th 1800 shall be
these warrant!? 'They are advantages' winch will contrary to the law, and in violation of the tun- I,
rarely inure to the soldier, or original holder, h form practice and custom ot^ the tjroveinment and
No, no; restrict these locations by warrants to I' the Departments thereof. To show that I was not
lands already in the market. It is no hardship to ! mistaken, I now propone to investigate that ques-
the warrant-holder. The soldier will never regard ; tion for a short time, to see how these estimates
it as an injustice; and, as for the speculator, we i: for appropriations should come before the House
care not for him. j. of Representatives. By the act establishing the
In conclusion, I desire to say, that my friend i« Treasury Department, approved September 2, |
from New Hampshire [Mr.Tuck] and myself, who j 1789, it is provided by the second section: "That ;|
- ' • it shall be the duly of the Secretary oi the T reas-! j
' «ry to digest and prepare plans for the improve- |
' ment and management of the revenue, and lor the ,;
' support of public credit: to prepare and report
1 estimates of the public revenues, and the public 1
'expenditures."
Here is the first act passed by the Congress of I
constitute a minority of this cormnittec, propose i
that this bill shall be sent to the Committee of the
Whole, as I trust it will. We propose to make j
a counter-report m the shape of a bill, embracing ;
all that we conceive to be good or desirable m the •,
present bill, and free from its most manitest de-
fects. Let it go to the Committee of the Whole,
a report of estimates for each' fiscal year commen-
' cing as aforesaid and terminating on the 30th day
' of June in the succeeding calendar year." It is
also made the duty of the Secretary of tile Treas-
ury, by the second section of this act, " to su.b-
' mit to Congress, at the commencement of the
'session, his annual report upon the State of the
' finances and estimates of appropriations required
'for the support of the Government for the-half
' calendar year ending on the 30ih day of^ June
'next, and particular and distinct estimates for the
' fiscal year ending on the 30th day of June,
'lit again made the duty of-the Secretary of
the Treasury here in thS act altering and fixing
and when it has been there examined and dis- |; the United States,
cussed, with the aid of such information as ,we
may get from the Departments, let us pass a better
one in lieu of it.
Mr. TUCK. Mr. Speaker, I propose to 
Mr. HOUSTON. I would inquire if the morn-
ing hour has not expired ?
The SPEAKER. It will expire in one minute.
Mr
k*sr rjii ii will eA.f5iic in uuc uiiiiuuc. ~ -—• — -- * 11,
HOUSTON. The gentleman from New r mentary to an act entitled^' An act to establish
Hampshire had better let us pass to the unfinished
business now, as there is but a moment left to him
of the morning hour. I intend to move, as soon
- as the morning hour has expired. that we piooeed j
to other business. Tins is a most unnecessary j
debate, because it proposes a reference of the bill j
at last.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Tj.ke the vote ,
first upon the reference. j
Mr. TUCK. I wish to inquire if I can be m- j
temipted in ray remarks? i
The SPEAKER. It will be competent fori
p-entlemen to arrest proceedings and call for the f subject in May, 1800, dec
orders of the day. i! ^ Secretary of the f r
Mr. HOUSTON. I will suggest to the gentle- ;
from New Hampshire [Mr. Tuck] that he
- this
act passed oy me congress ui n —  . - , -j
establishing the Treasury De- the commencement and termination of the fiscal
° year, to prepaxe his estimates of the revenue to
be received and the expenditures to be made.- In
obedience to that act, they hatfe continued to mai^e
these estimaies and submit their annual report tp
the head of that Department up to the year 1846'.
Iff am not mistaken, it was under this change of
the fiscal year, that these large and uniform esti-
mates for deficiencies commenced; and here it may
be said that these laws requiring the Secretary of
the Treasury to submit his estimates, apply to
annual estimates and not to deficiencies. If that
distinction be made, it will be found that the law
contemplates no deficiency. It contemplates, that
partmeni. Il is made the duty of the Secretary of
the Treasury to prepare his estimates of revenue
and estimates of expenditure. There is no distinc-
tion made in them. It does not speak of one or ail-
other Department of this Government preparing
and reporting estimates of the public revenue and
expenditures. We find that another act, supple
the Treasury Department," approved May 10,
1800, provides that "It shall be the duty of the
' Seta etary of the Treasury to digest, prepare, and
lay before Congress, at the oommencemeiit'of every ; j
' session, a report on the subject of | "the Tr^Wy would We suffi-
' cient knowledge to make his estimates large
mining estimates of the public revenue
' expendituies, and plans for improving or mcreas- i
'ingtherevenues from time to tune, for the purpose .
' of^giving information to Congress in adopting 1
'modes of raising the money requisite to meet tne j
• public expenditures." ,
Here is again ji and^ccmdlni^'in the annual report on
report^fiirectly of December, 1H45 . £ re were deficiency «an
easury to repo
holds the floor for to-morrow morning upon tins
subject. There are bilis upon the Speaker's table |
which it is very important should be reierred to -j
   ,  ,, , sxiy'.
to Con°ress upon the revenue and estimates 01 ex-
penditure necessary to be made; and upon.reflec-
•, :n v.- isnT ♦'uif.!- tii.-it it founded
enough lo meet the expenditures of Government,
and that they would be made accordingly. 1 H
we see here, when this fiscal year was changed,
that there were at every session reported with the
annual estimaies, large estimates for deficiencies;
- ' ' * - - *lje 4th
mates
submitted of $1 ,'290,55:6 25. 1 n the next estimate
submitted 011 the 19th oi' November, 1846, being
tion, it will be seen, I think, that it was fou
in wisdom qag sound policy. Suppose that each
and every off of theDepartments shall make their j
louse v\ in ci?iiftcnt U, ,.a^ own estimates, and submit them, to !
/, and refer these bills, I i: either directly or through the President, > « .
' 1 cvm.flfoi-tr nt tl-tP Hi rpH.surv arrive at an\tmL_
which it is very
committees; and it the House will, consent to^pass .
to the orders of the day
would like it.
"Mr TUCK I intend to proceed m the dis- ■ ujyc«. _0- -- ,
cussio'n of this subject, if it is the sense of the necessary^ ^ £ ^e Se elt ry
House to examine it. I have but little to say upon i;   - - - *
I the Secretary of the Treasury arrive at anytr
• i! like a correct knowledge of the amountof reve
to meet the
tijrthe Secret
jtionse to examinen. i «^cuui;"w\,v - egtimates and submit,them
SS'SwS SnS;^ ii £ congress, and the Secretary of.he Intenor and
iNovcmber 16, 1848, the deficiency est,mates
were S3,744,903 69. In November 16, 1849, the
deficiency estimates were §1,696,851 -;7. Ill No-
vember 23, 1850, the deficiency estimates were
§2,575,305 64. , . .
In each of these years the denciency estimates
were submitted at the same time that the amw'
estimates were for the then next fiscal year, and
