1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2053
put up by the next session. I am satisfied, as we
shall be obliged to spend money for a Library, that
we had better provide all the means at once, and
make a liberal appropriation for this purpose. I
am prepared to vote for a larger appropriation than
this, if it is necessary.
Mr. CHANDLER. The chairman suggests
$50,000, but I think he wilt find that we will have
to use $75,000. We have used our money eco-
nomically. We have employed no agents to run
here and there, and we mean to employ none.
The question was then taken on Mr. Chand-
ler's amendment, and it was agreed to.
The following section was then read:
" For publishing the Jaws in pamphlet form and in the
newspapers of the States and Territories and in the city of
Washington, $21,325."
Mr. CLINGMAN. I wish to offer an amend-
ment, to come in at the end of this section. I beg
gentlemen to attend to the reading of it. It is of
some importance, and I desire to explain it after
it has been read by the Clerk; and 1 hope it may
meet with the approval of the committee.
The amendment was then read as follows:
Prowled, That the selection of newspapers for the pub-
lication of the laws of the United States shall, after the pas-
sage of this act, be made by the Secretary of State, as
follows: The number selected shall be one in each Congres-
sional district in each State, one in each Territory, and
four in the District of Columbia; and the preference shall
be given, in all cases, to the papers which, at the time of
selection, shall have, m the States or Temtories respect-
ively m which they are published, the largest number of
subscribers, and to those in the District of Columbia winch
shall have, at the time of selection, the largest number of
subscribers in the United States, the amount of such num-
ber of subscriber* to be ascertained by theaffidnvit of the
publishers respectively, and by such additional evidence as
may be requisite to establish the facts in each case to the
satisfaction of the postmaster at whose office such papers
respectively commence their circulation.
That when it shall be neces-ary to publish any public
advertisement, except advertisements ot lists of letters, m
any State, it *hall be published in the two papers m said
State having the largeft number fliteubscribers, as piovided
in the preceding section of this act for the publication of
the laws; the amount of circulation to be ascertained in
the same manner as provided in the preceding section afore-
said.
That said public advertisements shall he published in the
newspapers having the publication ofthclaws, as aforesaid,
in the District of Columbia, and in the papers having the
publication of said laws in the Teriitones, when and as
often as may he deemed necessary.
That as c^on as niav be after the passage of this act, and
at the hosrnmim? of the first session of every succeeding
Congress, a copy of the list of nevvspapeis, selected accord-
ing to the terms of this act, for the publication of the laws
of the United States, shall be communicated by the Secie-
tary of State to the heads of the several Executive Depait-
nients, and to the Senate and House of Representatives,
respectively.
That the P resident shall causf* to be communicated to the
Senate and House of Representatives, annually, a list of
all newspapers that shall have published, by authority, dur-
ing the next preceding year, any advertisement as aforesaid,
with the names of the publishers, the place of publication,
the nature of the work performed, and the amount paid to
each puhhsher.
That all acts and parts of acts inconsistent with this act,
are hereby repealed,
Mr. CLINGMAN. I hope that the gentlemen
of thecommittee will give me theirattentjon for the
few minutes allotted to me. If they do not like
the details of this amendment, it may be altered
in any way. I do not care about the number of
papers. My object is to remedy an evil; and I
can state in the five minutes' time allotted to me,
the reasons for making this amendment, and in
which reasons I hope that the Jiouse will concur
with me. As the matter now stands, the Execu-
tive of the country, no matter who he may be, has
a great influence over the political press of the
country. I want to deprive him of it. That in-
fluence is obtained in two ways. In the first place,
the Secretary of State has a right to choose two
newspapers in each State to publish the laws. In
the next place, all the heads of Departments can
advertise from time to time in papers here or else-
where, which they may fix upon, and the conse-
quence is, that any Executive may exert agreat con-
trol over the newspapers of a State. The Whig
papers could not hurt the Democratic party, but
they might hurt their own member^*, and if at any
time any Administration desired to have particular
gentlemen upon this floor denounced in any State,
as it used to be charged was the case in old times
—I believe in General Jackson's time, I do not
say that the charge is true—it could be done by
means of this patronage operating upon the papers
of y*e. particular State. Everybody will aamit
that the newspaper press ought to be independent
of the President. We hear great talk about the
patronage of the President and his sixty thousand
officers; yet he can have more influence through
the newspaper press than he can possibly have by
means of all the officers of the Government. Now,
what I propose is this: That the newspapers se-
lected shall be chosen solely with reference to their
circulation. The object is to place laws and ad-
vertisements before the people. Why should not
the Government do as individuals would—that is,
take papers of the largest circulation as the medi-
um of advertisement? This bill proposes that this
printing shall be given to one paper in each Con-
gressional district. If you adopt that, you will
increase the expense of publishing: the laws about
$18,000. The present cost is $12,000 a year, and
you will put it up to nearly §30,000. I think it is
a very small sum to enable us to print the laws in
one newspaper in each district, having the largest
circulation. Again: it is proposed, when there
are advertisements in any State, that they shall be
printed in two papers having the largest circula-
tion.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. CHANDLER obtained the floor.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I have more time than
this.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Chandler] is entitled to the floor.
The gentleman's time has expired.
Mr. CLINGMAN. My time is not out by the
clock. It took two minutes and a half to read my
amendment. Thereadingof theamendmentshould
not come out of my time.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman's time has
been exhausted.
Mr. CHANDLER. The gentleman has been
speaking so fluently that I do not wonder that he
considers his time has not expired. I know that
time always passes rapidly when we are treading
upon flowers. Before [ make any remarks in re-
ply to my friend, I will ask the chairman whether
the amendment be germane?
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman pro-
pose lo raise a question of order? It may be,
perhaps, too late.
Mr. CHANDLER. I should doubt it; but I
do not wish to raise a question of order, and will
not, if the Chair thinks it is too late. I wish
merely to say, that, so far as regards the import-
ance or necessity of advertisements in tiie paper
that has the largest circulation, my friend upon
my right [Mr. Clingman] is wrong in that partic-
ular, especially for the advertisements of the Gov-
ernment. If you go into a city anywhere, you
will find that the paper which has the largest cir-
culation is not, generally, the most sought for by
merchants, but each man advertises in a paper
which he considers as circulating among those
whom he would reach with a notice of what he
has to sell or what he wishes to buy. In that re-
spect I think the amendment of the honorable gen-
tleman is out of place. Besides, I do not like this
fastidiousness as regards the public press—this
continual assailing of the leaders and conductors
of the public press, as if thpy were to be always
put aside—as if they had not the common rights
of an individual. With the same propriety you
might say that Government officersshall not ride m
a steamboat, or that the mails shall notgo in a steam-
boat that conveys passengers. I dislike the idea.
It is an impeachment and a reflection upon the
pursuits of a large and respectable portion of our
fellow-citizens; and thougn, perhaps, my friend,
who is so peculiarly situated at the present time,
has no feeling for either party 
Mr. CLINGMAN. That is true.
Mr. CHANDLER. Upon the whole, having:
a strong feeling for the party that is in power, and
which means to retain its position, I feel that,
though I am no longer attached to the public press,
it is a kind of censure upon those who sustain
the present Administration, and mean to continue
the same kind of policy now. It is no less a re-
flection upon those who are scrambling to get into
power. Let ue treat all pursuits alike. Let us
suppose that men who are printers of newspapers
have rights, and are entitled to the exercise of the
rights which belong to them as well as to others.
I see no reason why we should select a ladies'
newspaper, because it may, as it ought, circulate
more, in which to publish advertisements of the
Navy; or why we should select any other weekly
newspaper devoted to literature, and^ obtain its
extensive circulation on account of its literary
excellence, in which to circulate advertisements of
the War Department, or those of the various ex-
ecutive and legislative branches of the Govern-
ment. It js for these reasons that I do not approve
of the amendment. 1 was too late to make a point
of order.
I move to strike out the first section of the
amendment, and let my remarks be to that motion.
The CHAIRMAN. The question, then, is on
the motion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania to
amend the amendment by striking out the first
section thereof.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The gentleman
from Pennsylvania has not made a speech in favor
of his own amendment, butagainst the amendment
of the gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr.
Clingman.]
Mr. CLINGMAN. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania moves to strike out the first section of
my amendment, and I take it that gives me a right
to reply to his speech.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania has now submitted a motion to strike out
the first section of the amendment of the gentleman
from North Carolina, and on that the gentleman
from Pennsylvania has a right to make a speech.
Mr. JONES. Was it in order to make that
motion at the time it was made?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is informed
that there is but one section to the amendment of
the gentleman from North Carolina, and therefore
the motion submitted by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania is not in order. The Chair was under
the impression that there were two sections to the
amendment.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Why cannot my amend-
ment be amended ?
Mr. JONES. The gentleman from North Car-
olina cannot move to amend his own amendment.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Did not the gentleman
from Pennsylvania move to strike out the first
section of my amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. There is but one section
to the amendment, and therefore that motion could
not be made.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I suppose the gentleman
meant the first clause of the amendment.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved to amend
the amendment by striking out all after the word
" State " in the third line, so as to make it read:
Provided, That the selection of newspapers for the publi-
cation of the laws of the United States, shall, after the pas-
sage of this act, be made by the Secretary of State.
Mr. J. said: That amendment will probably
leave the law pretty much as it is now, but my
I object in offering it, is to make a very few remarks
j upon the body of the amendment, which I pro-
, pose to strike out. That portion of the amend-
ment of the gentleman from North Carolina which
> I propose to strike out, will, if adopted, increase
' the expenditure for the publication of the laws of
' the United States some $32,000 or $33,000. It will
be borne in mind that a joint resolution has passed
both Houses of Congress, and I suppose has, or
will soon receive the signature of the President,
authorizing the transmission, free of postage,
through the mails, of the Congressional Globe and
Appendix, containing the debatesof Congress,and
! the laws which pass that body. This will carry the
! laws of Congress to all persons throughout the
| country, who feel sufficient interest in knowing
j what they are, to be willing to pay for that paper,
j and through that medium the laws will be more
i generally circulated than they could be by means of
I publishing them in the papers, as the gentleman
i from North Carolina proposes. The gentleman
i says he wishes to check the patronage of the Ex-
! ecutive. Why, this, it seems to me, is but aug-
| menting it. Instead of giving the Executive one
paper in each State, the gentleman proposes that
j he shall have one in every Congressional district
j throughout the country, and perhaps, if he cannot
i find a paper in the district in which he has to pub-
! lish the laws, he may establish o-ne for that pur-
pose, and to advocate his particular creed of pol-
itics. The pamphlet edition of the laws as printed,
is, I believe, now required to be sent to the clerk
of every county court in the United States, and
the laws are there subject to the examination and
inspection of the entire body of the people at any
and at all times that they may wish to consult the
laws for their general information, or for any par-
ticular and specific object. I think that the law
