iSP-v
"ff
218
.THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan 14,
it was by thfe resolution of the 7th of January,
1846, that the Secretary of the Treasury was di-
rected and required to make his estimates, have
them prepared and printed, ready for delivery to
members of Congress at jhe assembling of the
body. The resolution reads:
" That it shall be the duty of the Secretary of tile Treas-
nry to cause ins estimates of appropriations, which he is by
law required to prepare and submit to Congress, to be
printed, and copies at tiie same to be delivered to the Clerk
of the House of Representatives in time fordisttibution at
the Commencement of each session; and that the Clerk
distribute the said estimates ill the maimer in which docu-
ments printed by Congress are directed to be distributed."
There is another resolution of Congress relating
to the acts of 1789 and 1800, directing that the es-
timates which the Secretary of the Treasury is re-
quired to prepare and submit to Congress shall be
printed by him before the meeting of Congress,
and that he have them ready ftr delivery when
the€feembers shall assemble. Notv, the fiscal year
having been changed, and not commencing until
seven months after the session of" Congress for
which these estimates are submitted, why was it
necessary to require thqt these estimates shall be
printed and ready for delivery upon the assem-
bling of Congress? It was that the members might
have them at the earliest day, that they might
investigate, report, and pass upon these appropri-
ation bills in time. Then, if the reason would
apply in the case of the estimates of appropriation
for the year—not to commence until seven months
after these estimates shall have been submitted—
will it not apply with tenfold force for estimates
required for the current fiscal year in time of the
assembling of Congress? For instance, at the
meeting of this session of Congress, we had the
estimates required for the year commencing upon
the 1st day of July, 1850, and terminating upon
the 30th of June, 1852. Here was seven months
to operate upon before one dollar of the estimate
of the appropriation here submitted would be re-
quired for expenditure; and here is the present
year terminating upon the 30th of June next, in
which we have not one dollai of estimates required
in addition to those heretofore submitted and ap-
propriated for at the last session.
1 say the reasons are tenfold stronger why we
should have estimates submitted for deficiencies
at the commencement of the session, than those
which may be required for the succeeding year.
I find it was the uniform practice, as I have before
shown, from the time they were required to make
these estimates and submit them. Here is the
construction given to this joint resolution requiring
t&esc estimates to be printed. What does the
present Secretary of the Treasury ? In his esti-
mate submitted to Congress at the last session, he
tells you this—which he had printed and placed
in the front of the volume which contained the
annua) estimates for this year—" lhat agreeably to
«the joint resolution of Congress of the 7th of jan-
' uary, 1846, 1 have tiie honor to transmit, for the
' information of the House of Ilepresentatives,
' printed estimates of additional appropriations
' proposed to be made for the service of the fiscal
«year ending the 30th of June, 1851, amounting !
•to $2,575,305 64." & i
Here he informed us, at the last session, that it !
was agreeably to this jointresolution that lie sub- |
Knitted the additional estimates for deficiencies i
which would be required for the year ending the I
30th of June, 1851. -Then, alter he gave them,
having received them doubtless, as these estimates '
show, from the various Departments, he, in obe- !
dience to the same resolution of the 7tlj of Jan- j
uary, 1846, submits to Congress estimates fortho !
fiscal year commencing the 1st of July, 1851, and j
terminating on the 30th of Juno next. The pres- ;
®n'  I believe, is the first instance in which the
, c™v' of tiie Treasury has failed to submit :
those deficiency estimates'with the estimates for i
the succeeding year. Wliy is it done upon this l!
occasion ? I am wholly at a loss to see what has ji
influenced the. officers of Government to take this
course of separating their estimates, and sendino-
them in here, each upon his own individual re°
sponsibihty. But it must be for one of two rea-
sons either that this Administration has no uni-
Vj 01- • 1 keac^s departments under this
Administration are not upon such friendly terms
ana intercourse, that they can harmonize, and
that each one sets up for himself. It must be that
they arc not inclined to let them come in together
and show the amount at one view. & '
Now, what have* we exhibited to us at this
time? *No estimates for deficiencies were sub-
mitted- by the Secretary of the Treasury at the
commencement of the session. Some weeks after
we have been in session, the Secretary of the
Navy comes in -with estimates for deficiencies re-
quired in his Department, of $219,000. He sent
that report here, and when it was * read at the
desk—the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means being confined to his room—I moved
to refer it to that committee, arid to have it prin^d.
The irregularity and illegality of its introduction
into the House did not occur to me at 'the moment.
Yesterday we received a letter from the Secretary
of the Treasury, enclosing estimates for deficien-
cies m his own Department, and another enclosing
estimates for deficiencies in the War Department.
The Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary
of the Navy have not sent in their estimates
through the Treasury Department, but have, I be-
lieve, for the first time in thw history of the Gov-
ernment, sent them directly to this House. I have
been unable to find any law which authorizes
either of those officers to communicate directly to
either branch of Congress, upon the amount of
money which may be required tS defray the ex-
penses of their several Departments.
Now, what is the amount of the deficiencies
for the present year? Why, as I before said, the
Secretary of the Navy, some days ago, submitted
his estimates to the House, asking for §219,000
tc^nyet the deficieney in the appropriations for
thaftrrent year ending June 30th, 1852. Then
the Secretary of the Treasury submits estimates
for hia owi) Department, for $29,250, and he also
submits estimates for the War Department to the
amount of $2,516,012—making altogether the ag-
gregate amount of $3,428,338 70 asked for by
these various Heads of Departments for deficien-
cies.
When we look to the annual report of the
Secretary of the Treasury, submitted to Congress
a few days since, we find that he estimates the
receipts and expenditures for the fiscal year end-
ing June 30th, 1852. He estimates the receipts
for that time from all sources and the money in
the Treasury, at $62,431,645 68 cents, lie then
estimates the expenditures for the year—giving
the actual expenditure for the first quarter of the
fiscal year, and estimating the expenditure for the
three remaining quarters—and shows that, accord-
ing to his estimate, the expenditures for the cur-
rent' year will be $50,952,902 59. Now, he must
have had the estimates from the Secretaries of the
Interior and Navy by him before he could ajake
this estimate with such exact nicety, with such
precise particularity, as to come even to the odd
cents in a sum of over fifty millions of dollars. I
If he had them at the time, why did he not send {
them to us with the other estimates ? If he did ;
not have them, how did he come to his conclusion 1
as to the precise amount, to a cent, that would be !
required during the year ? If he did not have the ]
estimates from those Departments, but made out i
his estimate without the deficiencies which we are I
now told are required by the Secretary of the j
Interior and by the Secretary of the Navy, then, |
instead of this report of his being correct, it will I
require over a million of dollars more for the year j
than ho has estimated for. And if that state of I
the case is correct, how does he know for what I
amount of revenue to estimate > The estimates 1
of the Secretary of the Interior, submitted on i
yesterday, amount to §693,327, and those of the !
Navy Department, sentin afew days ago, amount !
to §219,000—-makingaltogether estimates for over i
1 $900,000, which have come in here, as far as we j
know or have a right to presume, without the '
knowledge of the Secretary of the Treasury. !
Now this question is, I think, of more import- '
ance than would perhaps strike a person atfiistf
blush. _ This is, I believe, the commencement of j
this thing; it is the first step, and if we tolerate it !
now, it will go on and get the finances of the coun- i
try, and the business of the Treas^P Department '
into such inextricable confusion that, in the course f
of a few years, it will be impossible for the head j
of the Department, or anybody else, to under- !
stand anything about the state and condition of j
the Department, and of the finances of the coun- ;
try. That is, in my opinion, the soundest and !j
best policy, ^Ihich requires the Secretary of the 1
Treasury to estimate for all the receipts and all ![
the expenditures of the Government, The other '
heads of the Departments have nothing whatever
to do with estimating how the revenues are to be
raised, arid where the means are to Qome from to
meet the expenditures which they propose, and it
is therefore only through the Treasury Depart-
ment that these estimates can legitimately, legally,
and properly come before the Congress of the
United States for their action. I hope the House
will take such a course as will have this thing cor-
rected now at the very threshold, so that we may
ha^e' no more of it.
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Bissell}
told us to-day, that he believes there will be a
change of Administration next March twelve
months. It may be so, and I hope it will, and
for that reason, I do not want any of these wrong
and illegal precedents set to be followed by the
Democratic party when it shall come into power.
I want them to have 110 such footsteps as these to
tread in, but to have things done according to law,
according.to custom, and according to sound pol-
icy and wisdom. Now is the proper time to check
this practice, when it is first attempted to be com-
menced in the Congress of the United Slates. Let
us go in the good old way. If we cannot improve
upon it, for God's sake, do not let us make it
worse.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I shall not follow
the gentleman from Tennessee-——
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, (interposing..)
With the permission of the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, I wish to make a suggestion. A few days
since we had a bill before -us to appropriate
I $3,000,000 to meet the Mexican indemnity; and it
i was urged upon us that we ought to pass that biU
before we adjourned upon that day. I would
merely suggest, therefore, if it would not be better
for us to go into Committee of the Whole, now,
take up that bill, and pass it. The gentleman's
remarks can as well be made at any other time.
He himself urget? upon us the other day the ne-
cessity of immediately passing the bill to which I
have referred, and I hope therefore that he will not
now delay that bill merely for the sake of making
a speech.
Mr. BAYLY. I am not going to follow- the
gentlemen from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] through
the whole course of his remarks. I have very
little to say, and that little I can say in a few
minutes; and then the Housefnay take such action
with reference to its business as to the House may
seem best. With respect to the remarks made
by the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Johnson}
about my having—when the Mexican indemnity
bill was last up—urged the importance of Its im-
mediate passage, he will recollect that! made that
statement in deference to the chairman of the Ways
and Means. That gentleman, for reasons which
he stated, said that the passage of this bill would
be delayed—and it has turned out so—unless it
was passed then, and I yielded to his suggestion.
I will say further, with reference to that Mexi-
can indemnity bill, that I understand a memorial
is to come before Congress in relation to it; and
for one—as a few days will not be a matter of
very great consequence—I would prefer, if it suits,
the convenience of the chairman of the Ways and
Means, that that memorial should come in before
the bill is taken up again. There are a good
many things in connection with that bill that re-
quire to be explained, so that this House and the'
couatry may understand it better than they now
do.
Mr. HOUSTON. In reply to the suegestiors
of the gentleman from Virginia, I will merely say
that it is my purpose, at the earliest possible mo-
ment, to move to go into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, and take up that bill.
From the indications in all parts of the House,
there is to be a long debate upon it, and during
that debate the memorial to which the gentleman
refers can come in if it comes in at all.
I do not intend to endeavor to press the bill to
an immediate vote; hut as there must be a debate
upon it, I desire that it shall be progressing.
Mr. BAYLY. I desire to say to the gentle-
man from Alabama, [Mr. Houston,] that during
the whole Congress, he will not find me disposed
to object to any course he may suggest in respect
to the business of this House which he has espe-
cially in charge, because I know the indispensable
necessity that he should, to a very great extent
have his own way. But I shall not detain the
House ten minutes, for, as I have already said, I
