1190
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 26,
i which remains unexpired; and that letter is the
" answer which was received.
1 - The PRESIDENT. The Chair will ask the
attention of the Senate while the letter is redd:
" Navy Department, Aytil 5>, 1852.
Sir : I have the honor to state, that the estimate prepared
at this Department on the 29th ultimo, in compliance with
your request of the 97th ultimo, was confined to the in-
creased service contemplated for the half year, commencing
on the first of January last, to supply the deficiencies of
existing appropriation, compensation for sand service at the
rate of #33,00u per trip in lien of the present amount. If it
1>e the intention of the Committee on Naval Affairs of the
Senate, to substitute anew rate of compensation, odder the
contract tor mail service between New York and Liverpool,
from the 1st of January, 183S, and to authorize increased
services from that date, then the estimate to supply the de-
ficiency of the existing appropriations,furnished on the 20th
ultimo, is erroneous, and should be as follows, viz: For
thirteen trips at $33,000 each, $4*29,000. Dednerinsr exist-
ing appropriation $192,501), the deficiency is
It should also be noticed, that the annual estimates of this
Department for the fiscal year ending upon the 30th of June,
1853, for mail services, were based upon the compensation
fixed in the conuacl. If the compensation for mail services
between New York and Liverpool, pinposed by the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, is to be extended to the fiscal year
above referred to, the estimate should be changed, ami in-
stead of $385,1)00, the sum asked for, there should be pro-
vided the sum of $858,000.
WILLIAM A. GRAHAM,
Secretin y of the Navy.
To the Hon. Mr. Bat><&eh, of the Committee on IVaual
•Affairs oj the Senate.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will now read
to the Senate the rule which precludes amendments
to general appropriation bills, unless there is an
estimate:
44 No amendment proposing additional appropriations
shall be received to any general appropriation bill, unless
it be made to carry oat the provisions ot some exiting law,
or some act or resolntroTi pieviously passed by tire Senate,
during thai se^ion, or in pursuance ol an estimate fiom the
head of some of the JDepaitments, and no amendment shall
be received, whose object U to provide foi a private claim,
although the same may have been previously <awuoned by
the Senate."
At the last session of Congress, and at the pre-
vious session, afier this rule was adopted, various
amendments were made to general appropriation
'bills, in pursuance of estimates, furnished in an-
swer to calls made by individual Senators upon
their own application, and not included in the gen-
eral estimates furnished from the Departments.
The Senate, on that occasion, gave a construction
to its own rule, that any estimate which was fur-
nished, though procured by the application of an
individual Senator, was such an estimate as justi-
fied them in making the appropriations. In this
case, the Chair will advert to the fact, that this
amendment is reported from a committee; whether
that varies it or not, it is not for the Chair to say.
The estimate which has just been read was made
by the Secretary of the Navy, under a call from
the Naval Committee. The Senate having decided
in the manner which the Chair has scaled, at a
previous session, that estimates thus furnished
Drought the amendment within the rule, so that
the appropriation could be properly made, it would
not be for the Chair now to say that this estimate
would not produce the same effect. And inas-
much as the Senate adopted that construction with
a full knowledge of what they intended the opera-
tion and effect should be, the Chair will leave it
for the Senate to say whether that is such an esti-
mate as will authorize the amendment to be made,
without any reference to the fact that it was re-
ported by a committee.
Mr. BORLAND. I shall not make any speech
on this subject; but I wish to call the attention of
the Senate to the fact that this estimate is alto-
gether conditional, that it is not a recommenda-
tion. I have always understood an " estimate " !
from a Department to mean a recommendation of
a measure, and the statement of the amount of
money necessary to carry that measure into exe-
cution. If the rule be construed so as to receive
such a statement as this as an estimate, then it is
in the power of any Senator, at any time, to pro-
cure just such an estimate, and move anything he
may choose as an amendmentupon an appropria-
tion bill. If I wished to propose an amendment
to a bill, and wanted an estimate for the purpose,
I could address the head of a Department, and ask
him how much it would cost, and I could go on with
item after item, until I had loaded the bill down.
If anything is an estimate, which any Senator may
choose to get from the head of a Department upon
a supposition—for this is from the Navy Depart-
ment is only hypothetical—then anything may
be offered as an amendment, by evasion, and in
despite of this rule.
Mr. BADGER. It would be singularly un-
happy for the dignity and authority ot the Senate,
and would serve to show, m a very clear and co-
gent manner, the folly of the Senate m fettering
itself with that rule, if n would receive any inter-
pretation that would preclude it from the consid-
eration of this proposed amendment. There is no
necessity to inquire whether the ca&e supposed
by the Senator from Arkansas exists—that any
Senator can write to any head of a Department
for information on any point, and move it as an
amendment to any appropriation bill; for that is
not like the case now submitted for the consider-
ation of the Senate, nor anything like the case.
But, if the Senator will permit me, 1 will say that
even if his interpretation of the rule were adopt-
ed, it would be totally out of his power to load
down an appropriation bill with amendments. He
might move the amendments under such an inter-
pretation, if he saw fit to do so; but without the
consent of the Senate it would be impossible to
include them in the bill.
What is the case as it now stands? The Sen-
ate learns that, in the course of last autumn y the
Secietary of the Navy and the Postmaster General
deemed it highly important, for national purposes,
that the amount of service of the Collins line of
steamers should be increased, and entered into an
arrangement for the purpose of procuring the
performance of the additional service which they
considered necessary. The proprietors agree to
perform the service and run the risk, whether Con-
gress would sanction the agreement and pay them
an increase of compensation, or a pro rata com-
pensation, for the additional service. And now
we leain fiom the report of the Postmaster Gen-
eral, that he recognizes this arrangement, and that,
with the concurrence of the Secretary of the Navy,
he recommends Congress to sanction it, and to
make an adequate compensation. Now, in the
practical operation of this Government, all appro-
priation bills originate in the House of Represent-
atives—we originate nothing—and now we are told
that, while we originate nothing, we can propose
no addition to any appropriation bill that the House
of Representatives may think fit to introduce, al-
though we may approve a contract conditionally
made by the head of a Department, although the
proper head of that Department recommends us
to assume and carry it into effect, and communi-
cates to us the amount of money necessary to ac-
complish thatobject. Now, I would like to know
what would be the condition to which the Senate
would voluntarily degrade itself by the adoption of
such an interpretation of that rule. Is it not man-
ifest that the Senate will have very little else to do,
whenever an appropriation bill comes up, than
simply to pass whatever the House of Represent-
atives may choose to send, without addition and
without consideration? Why, suppose that this
matter stands over to the general appropriation
bill, what will be the effect ? What has been done
during the last two sessions? It is very well
known to every member of this body that we have
received the appropriation bills within the last two
or three days of the session, and we are always
warned by the Committee on Finance that they
are assured by the committee of the other House
that if the Senate make any amendment to the
bill it will be lost; and we have been thus practi-
cally excluded from that jurisdiction over questions
of this nature which are vested in the Senate by
the Constitution; and thus it will be this session.
Five months of the session have already passed
away, and this is the only appropriation bill we
have received. I know not whether the House of
Representatives has passed another; but, judging
of the future by the past, we may safely conclude
that three months more will pass before we receive
another. Now, if the Senate have not given any
practical exposition of this rule, the considerations
I have urged show that we cannot, with a due re-
gard to our own dignity and authority, accept the
interpretation given by the Senator from Arkansas.
But this is not the case. The Senate has con-
strued the rule in the manner which the Chair has
stated, over and over again, that that is an estimate
which is furnished by the head of a Department,
upon the call of an individual Senator upon his
own responsibility. Now, we are told we must
retrace our steps; that although we had tied our-
selves with cords, we must now bind ourselves
down with rivets of iron. "We had narrowed our
own action by a rule; and now we are told that
we must narrow that rule so as to take away all
discretion. I ask what can be entitled to our con-
sideration under the rule, if this is not? An esti-
mate came here from the head of a Department,
having been called for by acommittee of this body
charged with the subject to which it relates; and
upon that estimate, as a basis, the Committee on
Finance report, and now we are told that we have
no authority to consider it. If so, the sooner we
abrograte the rule the better. Tf so, the sooner
we relieve ourselves from the degrading position
in which we are placed the better.
It is the same rule that we had at the last ses-
sion and a part of the session before. No word
has been added to it, and no word has been taken
from it; what it meant then it means now. The1
Senate then settled what it meantrand t should be
sorry to see the Senate now unsettle" what it so
wisely determined. The object of the rule was
not to prevent anything from being brought to the
consideration of the Senate, that was fairly and
properly a fit subject for their consideration; it
was to prevent individual Senators spontaneously
bringing forward mea&ures for an appropriation,
founded upon no action of an Executive Depart-
ment of the Government,.^ pursuance of no law,
and having r>o estimate furnished.
I have doubted the propriety of any rule which
should fetter the appropriate action of the Senate
on questions of this character; and I am not willing
to have my own hands tied, so as to prevent me
from doing what I consider to be right. At all
events, I hope we shall not now give such an in-
terpretation to this rule, as win make it so posi-
tively mischievous as H would become by the in-
terpretation now sought to be given to it.
Mr. HAMLIN. I think that, if this question
stands upon the basis which it is considered as
standing upon by the Senator from North Carolina,
it cannot be made to appear that the estimate fur-
nished by the Department does not take it clearly
out of the rule. I do not propose, however, to
say anything with reference to that point. There
is another consideration to which I wish to call the
attention of the Senate.
It may be well for the Senate to consider what
the Senate attempted cotemporaneously with the
adoption of this rule. What was the evil which
it was designed to obviate by its adoption ? When
the appropriation bills were hefore us, private bills
that had never had the sanction or investigation
of any committee, measures that were wholly pri-
vate were offered as amendments to the appropri-
ation bills, because there was no rule to exclude
them. That was the state of things existing in
the Senate at the time of the adoption of this rule.
Now, does the rule, when fairly considered, go
beyond what it was necessary to correct in the
then existing state of things ? I think not.
If this were a case which called for an estimate
from a Department, that estimate has been fur-
nished. In my judgment, it is not a case which
requires an estimate; and it would1 be in order if
no estimate were offered. It is the r port of a
committee, as the Chair well remarked in his sug-
gestions a few moments since. This bill comes
from the other House, and it is referred to the
appropriate committee of this body. There are
various modes in which that committee may report
on the bill to this body. If they please, they may
report back the bill with whatever amendments
they may see fit to incorporate in the original
draft, retaining in their hands the original bill.
That would be agreeable to parliamentary law,
well recognized the world over. They have not
seen fit to do so in this case, but have reported
back the original bill with amendments.
Now, the rule, it is true, provides that "no
amendment shall be offered." That means, in
my judgment, that no individual Senator may rise
in his place and offer an amendment, unless forti-
fied by the recommendation that the rule requires.
Such is not the case here; this is not an amend-
ment of a Senator on this floor; it is not an
amendment of the character designed to be exclu-
ded by the rule; but it is a report of a committee
as much as if it had been reported in a new bill
with an original draft—only in the one case, wc
should take the question on adopting all the
amendments in one vote, while here we take them
seriatim. That is my view of the case; and either
on the ground that it is within the rule, and that
