2056
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 4,
for a Senator to give an explanation of the resolu-
tion, it is equally proper that a counter explanation
should be given.
I would ask the Senator from Arkansas if there
was any pretense made to claim payment of the
two salaries ?
The PRESIDENT. The Chair must again call
the attention of the Senator to the fact that the
question is not nowopen'for discussion.
" The question was then taken on the motion to
take up the motion to reconsider; and it was
agreed to.
The PRESIDENT. The question is now on
reconsidering- the vote by which the resolution was
passed.
Mr. DAWSON. I move to . postpone the
furiher consideration of this matter. I was not
present when the motion to reconsider was made,
and therefore know not the reasons why the Sen-
ator from North Carolina [Mr. Mangum] made
that motion. He is not now present, and in his
absence I hope the postponement will be agreed
to. Jn the mean time, that Senator can be in-
formed of the necessity of having the resolution
disposed of, and if, after such notice, he does not
appear, then the question can be taken up and
disposed of. I move to postpone its further con-
sideration until to-morrow.
Mr. DAVIS. If this measure'is to be adopted
at all, it is necessary that it should be adopted
immediately. The law was passed a few days
a^o. Whether the President has signed it or not
I do not know. He had not done so when I of-
fered this resolution. If the explanatory act is
necessary at all, it is necessary that it should be
passed at once. It is now drawing towards the
close of the session, and I am urged to have this
matter sent to the House, that they may act upon
it there.
The question being taken to postpone the
further consideration of the motion to reconsider,
it was not agreed to.
The PRESIDENT. The question is now on
the motion to reconsider. Will the Senate agree
to the motion ?
Mr, BELL. Let me state, before the decision
of the Chair is announced, that I understand that
if a reconsideration is not oulered by the Senate,
the resolution stands as it is now.
The.PRESIDENT. Certainly it does.
Mr. BELL. Then I think we ought to pause
a moment before we finally decide. I understand
the difficulty of the Department was in regard to
the proper construction of two acts of Congress—
on constituting a Board of Commissioners to su-
perintend the census, in which there was a pro-
vision allowing the Secretary of that Board a sal-
ary at the rate of $3,000 a year. There was an
act passed subsequently to this appointing a Su-
perintendent of the Census, whose duties it was
supposed by Congress would supersede the duties
of Secretary of the Board of Commissioners. The
latter act did not specifically provide that the sal-
ary of the Secretary of that Board should be dis-
continued. There wad no repealing act; and the
question arose whether Congress meant to super-
sede the salary of the Secretary, and his duties
also, or what interpretation of those two acts was
meant by Congress.
Some difficulty has occurred, but I understand
that the Superintendent of the Census has never
claimed two salaries. The proposition to declare
what the intention of Congress was, jjoes upon the
presumption that he claims both salaries, which
together amount to $5,500. I understand that he
has not made any claims to the whole, but, he sup-
posed that Congress did not mean that he should
perform the arduous and responsible duties of su-
perintending the whole business of arranging the
census for a less salary than he received as clerk
or secretary of the otigmal Boaid. The latter act,
as I understand, provides that the Superintendent
of the Census Bureau shall have a salary of $2,500
only. As Secretary of the Census Board, he re-
ceived $3,000, and he supposed that Congress did
not mean to diminish his salary, and that there
was some mistuke.
Whatever gentlemen may think of the success
or ability, or want of either, which has attended
the duties of the Superintendent of the Census
Bureau, where the responsibilities were certainly
very much increased, and whatevergentlemen may
think of the value of his compilations, 1 have
never heard any gentleman suggest that he had
not attended to those duties with great industry
and vigor, and most unremittingly; and surely if
it be true, itis not at all connected with thequesfeion
as to how much of this compilation should be
published.
Heis entitled to some consideration atleastfrom
the Senate and the House of Representatives, con-
sidering his great trust and responsibility, and the
perseverance, and activity,and industry, and ener-
gy with which he has applied himself to his charge.
Whatever be the ultimate value of the work, 1
put it to the Senate whether he ought not to re-
ceive §3,000 a year, as he did when he was Sec-
retary of the Census Board—the sum which is paid
to every other head of a bureau?
Sir, I have had numerous applications from in-
dividuals residing in my section of the country
in the southwest, who ate interested in railroad
statistics, for information which they supposed
could be obtained at the Census Office, and I must
say, that more promptness, and obligingness, and
alacrity, I have never found. I have generally
found the answers which I received satisfactory;
and all the information that could be obtained in
the voluminous returns at that office, has been
promptly furnished. I bear this testimony with
pleasure to the accommodating disposition and the
industry, and, so far as I have been able to dis- ;
cern, the energy with which that officer has done
hisduty. I repeat, that whatevermay be the value
of the compilation, or the estimation in which it
may be held, or whatever may be its lack of value,
he certainly is entitled to the credit of industry,
and perhaps there will be found much of skill in
the arrangement of the crude materials which he
had before him. For these reasons, I think this
resolution ought to be considered, in justice to
him; and as we now have the subject before us—
unless we design to discriminate between the
allowance which we give to this officer and the
other heads of bureaus—unless we think this is
not a trust which justifies the giving a salary of
$3,000 a year (although we gave him that salary
when he was Secretary of the Census Board)—
justice seems to require, in settling the interpreta-
tion of the two acts of Congress, that Congress
should no longer leave the matter in doubt; and if
it proposes the prosecution of this business in the
manner it has been heretofore conducted, that
officer should have a salary of $3,000 a year,
which he received when he was Secretary of the
Census Board. I hope I have given sufficient rea-
son to the Senate for detaining them for a moment
before the question is finally voted upon.
Mr. BUTLER. Will the Senate indulge me
with a few words of explanation? I was not the
chairman of the committee who reported the bill
containing the clause of which this joint resolution
is explanatory. In my absence, the Senator from
Louisiana [Mr. Downs] was the chairman of that
committee.
I do not object so much to the payment of
$3,000 to thisgentleman, (Mr. Kennedy,) as I do
object to the mode in which, perhaps, he may ob-
tain it. The old Census Board had a secretary,
and this gentleman was the secretary, and he re-
ceived for his services $3,000; but in the bill
known as the census act of 1850, there was an
express clause providing that he should receive
$3,000 for the services that he has rendered. That
seems to imply that the intention was to cut him
off in future from all compensation for services as
secretary. I was on that committee, and think
that the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Davis]
will bear me out in that. Well, the bill was sent
to the Judiciary Committee, to arrange a dispute
between California and South Carolina; Califor-
nia claiming that she should have two Represent-
atives, although the returns of her census were
imperfect, and South Carolina claiming that she
should have an additional Representative, on the
ground of her large fraction above the ratio; and
at the bottom of that bill, in nowise connected
with it, was the clause by which this gentleman
might claim $5,000 for services which he says he
has rendered as secretary of that Board. I am
perfectly willing to vote for any bill which may
be introduced for the purpose of raisinghis salary
from $2,500 to $3,000. If he will come and say
that he rendered those services under misconcep-
tion as to the true interpretation of the act, I
should say nothing about it; but when such a
clause was introduced into the bill sent to the
Committee on the Judiciary, I must declare my
objection to it, because I feel that it would, be
wrong.
The Senator from Louisiana [Mr. Downs] has
said, that it was in the power of the Secretary of
the Interior to frame such a bill as was necessary,
and this bill giving Mr. Kennedy $3,000 a year,
or, as Mr. Whittlesey says5 $5,5U0, was sent
down. It is the mode by which this proposed
increase of salary was to be effected, that I ob-
ject to.
Mr. DAVIS. If it is the desire of my friend
from Tennessee, or any other gentleman, to enter
into the discussion of tfiis subject, I have no ob-
jection to it; but I beg leave to say, inasmuch as
the argument of my lnend from Tennessee has
been urged with a view to show the piopiiety of
reconsidering the vote by which the joint resolu-
tion was passed, that he is entuely mistaken in
many of the opinions which he has expressed.
There is no such thing in existence—as can be
proved most abundantly—as the Census Board.
It was functus officio long ago. There can he no
such officer as the Secretary of that Board. Now
the effect of theamendment which has been made,
is to allow the salary, more or less, to this gentle-
man, upon the ground, that heis Secretary of that
Board. I take leave, in advance, to say thnt I do
not want to go into the argument of the question.
I do not desire to discuss it, unless other gentle-
men do. If they do, I shall disclose the facts of
the case. But 1 take occasion to say, that this is
a matter which has been greatly deliberated upon
in the Departments. 1 have their various decisions
in my drawer. I have the order which has been
issued upon this topic; and it will turn out, that
there is an order from the Secretary of the Interior
to do just what my friend says was not done—to
make allowance to this individual as Superinten-
ding Clerk of the Census, and also as Secretary of
the Board.
Mr. BELL. To allow him both salaries?
Mr. DAVIS. As Secretary of the Board io allow
him $2,000 a year. The salary as Superintend-
ing Clerk is limited to $2,500. The amount of
$3,000 could not be obtained, unless the two offices
are coupled together. Now, if this joint resolu-
tion is not passed, the next step is, that if it opens
the way to recover anything as Secretary of the
Census Board, it opens it to recover the whole
$3,000 as salary of the Superintending Clerk in
addition. That is precisely the case which I wish
to shut out. If this gentleman is entitled to ad-
ditional compensation, let the measure be brought
forward openly and fairly; letitbe canvassed,and
let the Senate pass its judgment upon it—not in
this indirect way, by striking nut words in the
original statute, which limited his service to the
past, and when it designed to limit them to the
past, make them extend to the future, and give
him pay for an office which must necessarily be a
sinecure. This is the answer I make to the Sena-
tor from Tennessee.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Before the Senator takes
his seat, I would like to address to him this in-
quiry: If this resolution should not pass, I would
: like to ask whether this gentleman could receive
more than $3,000 a year from the time he entered
upon the performance of his duties up to the pres-
ent time?
Mr. DAVIS. In answer to the Senator I will
state, that, in the census bill, as it is called, there is
a provision—and that provision was put there at
the instance of this very gentleman, put in as an
amendment to the bill of the Senate in the House
of Representatives—appointing an officer that had
never existed before, called the Superintending
I Clerk of the Census—an officer who, by the net, is
i to becompetentto superintend thecensussrenerally,
1 and have assigned to him a salary of $2,500 n year.
I He took the oath of office as Superintending Clerk
! of the Census, I think, on the 27th of May, 1850,
and has been discharging the duties of that office
ever since. Now, you open tins act and give him
additional pay withoutany limitation, and without
any explanation; and if it gives anything-, does it
not give the $3,000? It gives the $3,000 in addi-
tion to the $2,500, if it gives anything at ell. There
is no limitation in the world, nor any discretion,
to change, or alter, or modify the sum. That
is the precise interpretation which must be put
upon it.
Mr. BRODHEAD. The honorable Senators
from Massachusetts and Tennessee understand
this thing differently. I understand from the Sen-
