1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2057
ator from Tennessee that if this thing stands as it
now is, without the passage of the resolution, this
gentleman will receive only $3,000—and that is all
he desires to receive—from the time he entered
upon the performance of his duties.
Mr. BELL. I do not think that there is any
substantial difference between myself and the hon-
orable Senator from Massachusetts, though he
stated I was entirely mistaken in my facts. I
should like to know one fact which 1 stated im-
properly, according to his own statement. I said
that there had been no express repeal of the Cen-
sus Board, or of the alliance of the salary to
the Secretary. He admits that there has been no
express repeal of the act appointing the Commis-
sioners of the Census Board, and appointing a
Secretary to them; and this is the ground upon
which I stated there was an embarrassment at the
Treasury. The two allowances were outstanding;
but it seemed to me proper to presume, that Con-
gress did not mean that the two salaries should be
allowed; and there has been no proposition to al-
low the two. But, as the first act had not been
expressly repealed, there was a difficulty at the
Treasury, and Mr. Kennedy, the Superintending
Clerk of the Census Bureau, so far as he was con-
cerned, only desired that he should be allowed
$3,000 as salary; he thought he ought to have
§3,000. The board had not been expressly dis-
continued, though it is evident Congress must have
supposed it would be; and that there could be no
use for it; and they appointed the Superintending
Clerk of the Census. Then I am not mistaken
about the Department's supposing he is entitled
to the two. I was right in both these particu-
lars.
But the honorable Senator stated a fact that I
did not know; that the Secretary of the Interior
did propose to allow him £500 for some supposed
or actual duties discharged as Secretary of the old
Board. 1 did not know that. I only stated that
there was an embarrassment at theTreasury; and
that the Superintending Clerk of the Census
thought lie had been entitled to $3,000 a year for his '
services,and upon tbatground the difficulty arose, j
I furthermore stated, that, under the uncertainty j
which existed in regard to the meaning of Con- |
gress—though I think the fair inference is, that j
they intended by the l itter act to supersede the
former, by the appointment of the Superintending
Clerk of the Census to supersede the secretaryship
oftheBoard, though theydid not abolish theBoard
expressly—it is important that the matter should
be explained by a declaratory law. This joint
resolution has that object m view, and the purpose
for which I rose was, that I thought justice de- ;
manded when we proposed to settle this question,
that we should provide that this Superintending
Clerk of tiie Census should receive §3,000 a year in
consideration of his arduous duties, and the respon-
sibilities attaching to them, whatever estimate we
may place upon the takingof the census for which
we provided by law.
I do not see that there is any essential difference
between us, except that the Senator from Massa-
chusetts supposes, that if we want to give the ad-
ditional $500, it should be brought forward in a
separate messure. jXow, sir, would it not be
more economical, in point of time, as well as of
expenditure, if you go into that, when we have
this joint resolution before us, passing a declara-
tory law upon the two statutes, to settle this mat-
ter with regard to the claim for salary of the
Clerk of the Board, that we should do justice at
once in the whole matter? That is my sole ob-
ject. I cannot see any good reason why this
should be made a separate question. We can as |
readily determine it now, as we shall have but '
little time for the examination of questions from ,
this to the end of the session. We can decide as :
well now whether we will allow him the $3,000 or ;
only §2,500. I cannot see the force of the argu-
ment that it ought to be brought forward as a ]
separate measure, unless it is apparent to this body |
that he ought not to be allowed the larger sum. I '
understand the Senator from South Carolina to
nay that he has no particular objections to this i
individual being allowed the $3,(j00, hut he ob- j
jects to the way in which this thing has been j
managed. We may all feel some objection, but
that does not disturb the question or interfere with
the right or justice of a reasonable liberality to this
gentleman in fixing his salary now, when we pro-
pose to settle the construction under these two
laws. That is all I wished to lay before the Sen-
ate. I hope I have made myself intelligible.
Mr. DAWSON. Mr.President, I desiremerely
to place the facts of the case correctly before the
Senate, as I have the documents from the Depart-
ment showing how these various points arose, and
how they have been adjudicated and decided upon.
The Board of Census was constituted in March,
1849. That Board was authorized to make the
preparations to take the census, which has now .
been taken; and they were authorized, also, to ap-
point a secretary. They appointed a secretary, at
a salary of $3,000 per annum. When we passed
the law prescribing how and in what manner the
census should be taken, we authorized the ap-
pointment of a superintendent, by the Secretary of
the Interior, and gave him a salary of $3,500; but
m that law we did not repeal or annul the existing
Board of Census or their secretary. When the
law authorizing the census to be taken went into
operation, the Secretary of the Interior appointed
the Secretary of the Board of Census the Super-
intendent. Hence it was that he was the Super-
intendent under the law, and Secretary to the Cen-
sus Board. There being no law to prohibit him
taking both salaries, as it was thought, he still
continued to take the salary of the Secretary of
the Census Board. A question then arose in the
Department, and it was this: By the act of Con-
gress authorizing the taking of the census, was
the Census Board repealed or annulled ? That
question was submitted to the Board itself, which
consisted of Daniel Webster, John J. Crittenden,
and some other gentleman; and I find, on the 30th
of September, 1851, the Secretary of the Interior
(Mr. Stuart) directs the following letter to the Cen-
sus Board;
Department ok the Interior, >
Washington, September 30, 1851. >
Gentlemen: Mr. J. C. G. Kennedy was appointed by
you Secretaiy of the Census Board, with a salary ot $3,01)0
per annum. He was also appointed by thin Depaitmeut
Superintendent of the Census. IJis salary in the latter ca-
pacity is fixed by law at §2,500. He has discharged the
duties ot both officers, but has claimed and received as his
compensation heretofore $3,000.
A question has now been made by the accounting offi-
cers, as f am informed, as to the amount which he is. to re-
ceive m fuluic. it is said that your BoaiU has completed
its duties, and to be regaided as dissolved, and theielore
that Mr. Kennedy is no longer entitled to leeeive compen-
sation as {Secretary, but only as Superintendent.
I have received no official notice from you of the com-
pletion of your duties, or that your Board lias di>solved
itself. I conceive that you are the proper pei&ons to decide
that question, and that the accounting oftiueis have no au-
thority to dissolve the Census ttoaid without Us con>ent;
and I therefore ask the favor of you to say whether you re-
gard your labors as ended, and your secretary discharged
from hi* duties; and it so, at what date his services coated ?
If, on the other hand, you regard yourselves as still con-
stituting a Board, and Mr. Kennedy as m your service, you
will please say so, and advise me bereaftei when you shall
conclude to dissolve the Census Board and release the sec-
retary from his duties. Very respectfully, &c.,
ALEX. U. H. STUART, Secretary.
To the Hon. Daniel Webstcr, J. J. Crittenden, andN.
K. Hall, Members of the Census Board.
There is the inquiry as to whether the Board
was dissolved and the Secretary discharged. Here
is the reply:
Washington, September 30, 1S53.
Sm : We have received your letter of to day, and have
the honor to reply that we do  ot consider 'the Census
Board, of which we are members, as dissolved, or Mr. J.
C. G. Kennedy, the Secretary of that Board, as dischatged
from office. The duties for which the Board was consti-
tuted and the Secietary appointed, have not been finally
completed. We regard the Board as still continuing, and the
secietaryas still in office, and as entitled as such to the
salary of $3,000 per annum, and at that rate.
Wc are, very retpcctfullv, yours, &c,,
J. J. CRITTENDEN'.
DANIEL WEBSTER.
P. S. When the board by its own official acts shall be
dissolved, wc will not fail to make it known to you.
J. J. C.
T). W.
Hon. A. H. H. Stuart, Secretary of the Interior.
Here was the board still in existence. Here
was an officer appointed as Secretary, with the
salary of $3,000. That same individual was ap-
pointed Superintending Clerk, with a salary of
«?2,5G0. Now, I take occasion here to observe,
that Mr. Kennedy has never demanded, nor thought
of demanding, both salaries.
Mr. DAVIS. What has he demanded?
Mr. DAWSON. He demanded §3,000, the
largest of the two salaries, and has received it for
two years; and now it is proposed to take back
$500 of the amount, to reduce him to the salary of
the Superintending Clerk, when he has been dis-
charging both the duties of the Secretary of the
Board and Superintending Clerk. By what prin-
ciple is it that we undertake, when there are two
existing salaries by our own act, and by our own
appointment, given to the same individual, to cut
him down by a joint resolution to the lowest sal-
ary, when he discharges the duties of both offices?
What occurs then? Mr. Stuart, seeing the po-
sition in which things are placed—and 1 beg to
call the attention of my honorable friend, the Sen-
ator from South Carolina, chairman of the Judi-
ciary Committee, [Mr. Butler,] to this—and de-
siring to avoid all the conflicts growing out of
hasty legislation, and to keep the Government
correct, and prevent the loss of $2,500 additional
by our own act, confines the Superintending Clerk
to one, and then asks us to do—what? To regu-
late our legislation, so as not to give a legal right
to one individual to claim two separate and dis-
tinct salaries. That individual disdains to do it;
he never did it, and never thought of such a thing;
and if he had, it would not have been allowed by
the Department. Then Mr. Stuart directs the fol-
lowing letter to the honorable chairman of the Ju-
diciary Committee:
Department of the Interior, March 8,1852.
Sir: As sonic difficulty has occurred in regard to th«
salary ot Mr. Kennedy, who has acted in the double capa-
city of Census Supenntendent and Secretary of the Cen-
sus Board, I would respectfully suggest the introduction of
a clause into the supplementary bill which you propose to
report, fixing his salary at $3,000. I think he richly merits
it, and I can see no reason why he should stand on a differ-
ent footisg from the other heads of bureaus.
Very respectfully, &c.,
A. H. H. STUART.
Hon. A. T. Butler, chairman of the
Judiciary Committee U. S. Senate.
The Chairman of the Committee, I take occasion
to say, was absent at the time this letter was ad-
dressed to him, and it necessarily went to the act-
ing chairman. What course could have been bet-
ter pursued to have justice done, and the facts
known to the Senate, than this ? The Secretary of
the Interior calls upon the Judiciary Committee to
regulate this question; and what is the sum total
of itWe by our legislation appointa Secretary,
because we authorized the Census Board to do so,
at a salary of §3,000. We authorize a Superin-
tending Clerk to be appointed, with a salary of
j £2,500. lie does not pretend to claim both sal-
! dries; he only asks for the largest, while he dis-
charges the duties of both. Now, so soon as the
Census Board shall be closed, and the Conimis-
sioneis of the Board of Census shall dissolve the
Board, and shall announce the fact to the Secretary
of the Interior, the Secretary of the Board of Cen-
sus will have terminated his official duties, and
will be entitled only to the salary of $2,500. Then
will come up the question suggested by the Sena-
tor from Tennessee: Is not this individual justly,
honestly, and fairly entitled to the sum of $3,000
per annum os the head of the Census Bureau?
When we look at the lahois performed, and the
! industry and energy exhibited by him, I can see
j no reason why we shonitl attempt to depreciate his
1 labor and his intelligence by reducing him below
j the common ordinary heads of bureaus. There
| is nothing of impropriety, nothing of injustice,
; nnd no attempt made by individuals or heads of
| Departments to take any advantage of our omis-
1 sion to make our laws correct. He asks for the
j largest salary, as every man would do, When
' the Census Board isdissolved, he must necessarily
, fall back to the $2,500, unless we pursue the course
suggested by the Senator from Tennessee, and
! have the resolution so amended as to close this
whole unnleasant matter, which it seems to be
now, by declaring that his salary shall be §3,000.
Mr. DAVIS. I suppose the whole nierits of
this matter are open upon the question of recon-
sideration ?
, The PRESIDENT. They are.
! Mr. DAVIS. Then, Mr. President, if the St
' ate will lend me their attention, I will show, by
! the terms of the law itself, that the conclusions
j which the Senator from Georgia and the Senator
; from Tennessee draw, are a mistaken apprehen-
i sion of the clearest terms of the statute itself.
J For that purpose I must refer to the laws which
; have been passed upon the subject. It is no per-
| sonal gratification to me to engage in this con-
i troversy, and I have forborne, hitherto, to enter
I into it any further than was necessary to make
| known the object of the resolution; but it has now
; becomeindispensable that the facts should be made
| known, though they involve personal conduct.
