1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4&iT
kins, Price. Rantoul, Saokett, Savage, Sehermerhorn,
Schoolciait, Seudder, Skelton, rimith, Stanly, Frederick
P. Stanton, Stratton, .Stuart, Taylor, George W. Thomp-
son, Thurston, Tuck, Walbruij^e, Ward, Washburn, Wal-
king Welch, Wells, Alexander White, Wilcox, Williams,
and Yates—ill.
So the House refused to lay it on the table.
The question recurring on the motion to refer to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, it was put and decided in the affirmative.
THE PUBLIC PRINTING.
Mr. HOUSTON. It is so late that I will not
move that the House go .into Committee of the
Whole for the purpose of taking up the Mexican
indemnity bill. I desire now to make a state-
ment to the House, and shall not occupy much
time. I have "drawn up a resolution upon the
subject. It is a matter in which the House oiu>ht
to do something immediately, and for that reason
I must trespass upon their patience for a few min-
utes. The Committee of Ways and Means are
required .to report a portion of their appropria-
tion bills within thirty days after the committee
has been appointed by the Speaker. The present
committee has not complied with that rule, and 1
may say that no othgr preceding committee has
complied with it. i desire to give the House the
reasons why we have not done so, and that of
itself will bring the subject to the attention of the
House. The Committee of Ways and Means at
this session of Congress would have had in all the
appropriation bills which the rule requires reported
withm the thirty days, if the public printer had
furnished them with the printed reports of the
of the Departments and bureaus necessary
to enable them to act. We have reported several
days since all the bills that the Committee of Ways
and Means can possibly act upon with any degree
of understanding, or any degree of satisfaction,
either to themselves or the House, until the public
punter shall furnish the House with the Presi-
dent's message and accompanying documents.
We have keen laboring upon a portion of the bills
yet behind. We have made personal calls upon the
heads of bureaus and departments, in order to
obtain that information which will enable us to act,
and we find our labors will be interminable if we
pursue that course. Hence we have determined to
bring the whole subject before the House, that it
may take such action as it sees fit in the premises.
For instance, take the Navy bills, m which there are
large expendituies involved. The Committee of
Ways and Means are called upon to make large
appropriations—unusually laige—for the vanuus
navy-yards, and these estimates are printing nnu
as yet we have not one solitary word of explan-
ation before the Committee of Ways and Means.
If we had seen fit to adopt the estimates submit-
ted to us by the heads of the Departments, and
committed to that committee by this House, we
could have had the bills here; but we preferred to
examine those estimates, and have done so, so
far as we have acted. The bills now not acted
upon by the Committee of Ways and Means con-
tain many items that require explanation from
the departments or bureaus of the Government, j
These explanations are in the hands of the public 1
printer, and have been ever since the reference of
the President's message. We have, as yet, re-
ceived no copy of them! Now it is impossible for
us,% under these circumstances, to act upon the
appropriation bills w.hich are behind. It is impos-
sible for the committc-e to discharge any additional
duty devolved upon it m connection with these j
appiopriation bills until the House shall do some- 1
thing that will enable us to obtain the mforma-Uon
upon which we can act. _ W
It may be said, possibly, that the Presidents
message and accompanying documents are larger
than usual. Withm the last few years I know, as
well as other members of this House who have
paid any attention to this subject, that the size of j
that document is largely increased; but that should 1
not prevent its coming to us in the usual time.
The usual time for laying that document upon the
tables of members has been from two to foui
weeks after the commencement of the session. 1
understand that has been the^ practice. If the
number of pa^es and amount ot mattei and labor
necessary to be bestowed upon the work aie largely
increased, then it is proper that the public pimtei
should increase his force to correspond and keep
pace with the increase of work and labor, so that
the documents should be placed upon the tables ol
members withio'the usual time. T intend to intro-
duce a resolution to instruct the Committee on
Printing to inquire into the condition of the public
printing, and report to this House the character of
the work.
The resolution was then read, as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee on Printing be instructed
to examine into, and repoit to the Hou-e, the condition of
the public printing—whether the public printer ics not act-
ing in violation ol his contract, not only as to the tune of
delivering the printing to tiie House, but also m the cliaiac-
ter <#hi:s woik, and the quality of the mate) nil used m said
work.
The SPEAKER. The question is upon the
adoption of the resolution.
Mr. STANLY. I object.
Mr. HOUSTON resumed. I was only about
to say, that as far as the printing obtained from
the public printer is concerned, the paper is infe-
rior, and the execution of the work in infinitely
below the style demanded by his contract.
The SPEAKER. The question is upon the
adoption of the resolution.
Mr. STANLY. I objected to that resolution
distinctly, a few minutes since.
Mr. HOUSTON. I will not insist upon it, if
there is any objection ,to it.
The SPEAKER. The resolution proposed by
the gentleman from Alabafna [Mr. Houston] is
objected to.
Mr. DUNHAM. I submit whether the objec-
tion does not come too late, lis the Chair had pio-
pounded the question to the House?
The SPEAKER The Chair has no disposi-
tion to deprive the gentleman of his privilege
under the rule, and he has no doubt the objection
was made.
Mr. HOUSTON. I will briefly respond to the
suggestion of the gentleman from North Carolina,
[Mr. Stanly,] that in a conference with members
of the Printing Committee, they say that they
will report back a resolution at once, lecommenu-
mg prompt action.
The SPEAKER. Discussion is out of order.
Mr. CLARK. I beg leave to introduce a joint
memorial of the Legislature of Iowa and Minne-
sota, with a bill for the benefit of the Territory of
Minnesota and the State of Iowa, and 1 mofe
then- reference to the Committee on Public Lands.
There being no objection, the bill was intro-
duced, read a first and second time by its title,
and referred, with the accompanying documents,
to the Committee on Public Lands.
On motion, the House then adjourned.
NOTICES OF DILLS.
By Mr. SMITH . A bill supplemental to the act entitled
" An act to enable the State of Arkansas and the other
States, to icclaim their swamp land*."
[The following it  the substance cn the supplemental bill:
Wh^ieas, tbo prowsjp of the ^pcond fceetion of the above
recited act limit* the appiopuation of the pioceed^ of said
lands to the purpose of reclaiming the said land* by the
means oflevees and drains :
Now be it evitctpd, 4v., That the State of Alabama,
through her Legislature, may, and she is hereby author-
ized, to apply the proceeds ot said lands to the clearing out
and making navigable anv of the streams up'm which the
said swamp lands are situate; and also to tin; building and
erecting causeways, plank loads, and bridges over said
streams, and thiough said swamp Jarids.]
Mr. PRICE pave notice of his intention to introduce a
bill for the conduction of a railroad and other loads from
the western boundarv of the State of Missouri to the east-
ern boundary ol the State ol California.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following memouals, petitions, &e., w«re presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees :
By Mr. MILLER, for Mr. Darby • ThP memorial of the
orphan heirs of George G. Aliord, in relation to Mexican
indemnities.
Also, a memorial ft om the Mayor and City Council of St.
TiOms, in relation to the impiovement of the haibor of St.
Louis.
Also, the petition of Teiry Scurlock, praying for lehef on
account ot worthless money paid lnm foi sen ices t^pov-
ernment.
By Mr. DUNCAN : The petition ot Nathaniel Noyes,for
a legi-ter to the bug " Ameiica, ' late Britou brig " Pmn-#
ro«-<j.';
Also, the petition of Charles Winter and others, praying
compensation forHrviees rendered the United Stales.
By Mr. WELCH : The petition ot Horace Parsons, ask-
ing pay for a horse lost in the semee of the United States
in the fast war.
AKo, Hie petition of John Rutherford and olner«, praying ;
the establishment of a mail route thiough Meigs and Vm- |
ton comities, in the State of Ohio. _ _ 1
15V Mr. JOHNSON, Of Arkansas: The petition ot Kos- i
well Becbe and others, stockholders in the ^Kansas Cen- 1
tral Railroad Company. - „T „ ^ I
Bv Mr. LETCHER: The petition of William R. Ash- !
ton, adminibtratoi of Doctor Benjumui Chapm, late a sur- i
geon in the Navy of the Resolution, asking seven years
bait' pay.
JBy Mi. HAVEN: The petition of Lewis Eaton and 14,*
otht rs, tor the passage of a- bill to give further remedies to
patentees. > . . -
Also, the petition of Samuel Lakeand 10 others,-to make
bounty land warrants assignable. ' ■
Also, the petition of 2 commanders, 33 lieutenants^ 67
passed midshipmen, 7 surgeons, assistant surgeons, and
passed assistant surgeons, 6 pursers, and 4 protestors ot;
mathematics in the Navy, that Congress ailthoiize by lav?
the commissioning ofmusters in the line of promotion ;y?
and also distinction in midshipmen, and other reforms in
tiie Navy.
ByJVlr. PRICE: The memorial of the forward officers of ~
the Navy, piaymg an increase oi compensation. .
By Mi. CHANDLER: The memorial or' officers ia the
Uuited State? Aimy seiving m New Mexico, asking* th6
same allowance and per oiem that have been granted to the
troops in oiitorma and Oregon.
By Mr. TH CLiSTON : Tne petition of 30 assistant mar-
sinus of riie State of Rhode Island, lor additional compen-
sation ior rakmg the census.
By Mr BELL: The petition of loO citizens of Davton,
Ohio, praying ior further protection to American mvt^pbrs
from tiiose Using then painted machines m the British
Provinces.
Also, a petition praying for a mail route from Greenville,
Darke county, Ohio, via Abbotsville, Pittsburg, NewLeba-
non,.Centre Salem, to Dayton.
By Mr. AIKEN: Tfce petition'of the Charleston Marine#^
Society, and others, piaj'itig that the money now in tiie'
United States Tieasuiv unclaimed by deceased seamen as
pnzc money, in public and puvate vessels, and from con-
tributions made by all seamen of twenty five cents per
month, be applied to the further relief of seamen.
Al^o, the memorial of the Clmueston (South Carolina)
Chamber ot Commerce to the House ol Representatives
of Hie United States, prajmg for a light boat on Cape Ro-
man Shoal, coavi of South Carolina.
Also, the petition oi heirs of Dr. Henry Collins Flaggy
Apothecary Geneial, &c., tor commutation pay.
By Mr. DoTY: The petition of Timothy Barker, and
others, foi a continuation ot tne Mobile and Chicago rail-
road bj Wood.-toek, Illinois,and Fond du Lac, Wisconsin,
tu Lak" Snpeimi.
By Mr MANN: The petition of sundry citizens ofNorth
Bruigewatei, Massicluw.-tt-, pravmic toi legUl piotoctwm
against the piiating oi patent rights by residents in adjoin-
ing countttcs.
Leave wns granted to withdraw the petition of Captam -
Edward J. Glasgow, of Missouri, and to refer the same to
the Committee on Military Afiairs.
Al-o, to withdraw the petition and accompanying papers
of Nathaniel Patten, late of Afi^oun, deceased, praying
the passage of a law to return to him a certain .stim of
money stolen fiom the po?-t office at Franklin, Missouri,
vvlfile he was postmaster, and which he had accounted for
to the post Ofltce Department, and torefei the same, in the
name'ol the legal lepie^entatives ot said deceased, to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Koads.
By Mr. DISNEY: The memorial oi James Young, ask-
ing relief.
By Mi GREEN- The petition of citizens of Wood
county, Ohio, asking an appropriation fin- the improvement
of the navigation of the Mauniee uvei.
By Mi. BtJELL: Tne petition of Darius Hawkins, for
arrears of pensions.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, January 15, 1852.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. C. M. Butler.
PETITIONS.
Mr. MORTON. I have been requested to pre-
sent the memorial of GeorgeD. Fisher, one of the
assistant marstialsof the United States, employed
in taking the Se'venth Census 111 the State of Flor-
ida. He stales, in a communication addressed to
me and which I beg leave to present with the
memorial, that while he was engaged m taking the
census of Santa Rosa county, he traveled more
than fourteen hundred miles, and was assiduously
and laboriously engaged for upwards of three
months; and he says that whether he estimates
his compensation by the square root of the miles,
or the cube root of the families, it amounts to but
little more than a hundred dollars. Heasks, there-
fore, for additional compensation.
The memorial was referred to the Committee of
Claims.
Mr. MORTON. I also beg leave to present a
memorial, signed by many citizens of Apalachj|R)la,
in the State of Florida, asking that remuneration
be made to Samuel Bray, for losses in a gale
which prevailed on that coast, on the 21st, 23d,
and 24th days of August last. It appears that Mr.
Bray was the keeper of the light-house on Dog
Island, and that that terrific gale swept away the
light-house and the residence of the keeper; that
he lost all of his effects, e*en to his clothing; that
five members of his household were swept away
by the tornado, and perished, and that one of his
children perished in his arms. The citizens of
Apalachicola in this petition, numerously signed,'
ask that Mr. Bray be remunerated for the loss of
his property. It is a case which appeals to the
