282
THE /CONGRESSIONAL' GLOBE.
Jan. 15,
kindiy sympathies,of our nature, and I hope it
will receive the favorable and liberal action of the
Senate. I more that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
It was so referred.
Mr. CLARKE. I am requested to present the
petition of the assistant marshals of the State of
Rhode Island,' asking additional compensation.
They state that the compensation awarded them
by the act of Congress, is wholly insufficient. I
have a letter from the marshal himself, stating that
the compensation is much less, according to the
labor done, than the compensation for taking the
census of 1840. And with that, .he has given %
statement of the census returns, giving the statis-
tics required by law, which -shows that an im-
mense amount of information has been secured by
these returns, and that the assistant marshals had
a vast amount of labor to perform in order to ob-
tAit.
The memorial was reared to the Committee of
Claims.
Mr. DOUGLAS presented the memorial of
Samuel H. KettlewelJ, lately attached to the com-
*' mission for running and marking the boundary
line between the United States and Mexico, pray-
ing pay and traveling expenses; which was refer-
red to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. BORLAND presented thej>etition of Wil-
liam Field, clerk of the United* States district
' court for Arkansas, praying payment for services
in making statements of the proceedings under the
bankruptlaw, made in pursuance of a resolution
of the House of Representatives; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. FELCH submitted a joint resolution of the
Legislature of Michigan, recommending the pay-
ment of a balance due, under the treaty between
the United States and the Ottawa and Chippewa
nations of Indians, - concluded at Washington on
the 28th March, 1836; which was referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
'Mr. FISH presented the memorial of Edward
K. Collins and his associates, praying additional
facilities in transporting the mail between New
York and Liverpool; which was referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. FOOT presented the petition of Thomas
Cowperthwaite & Co., proposing to furnish the
Government with copies of the reports of the de-
cisions of the Supreme Court of the United States
for distribution; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, presented the petition of
Stephen P. Yeomnns and others, praying that
certain arrears of pension due Zac.hariah S. Con-
ger may be paid to his widow; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. STOCKTON presented the petition of
Thomas Copeland, praying compensation for im-
provements in machinery at the Gosport navy-
yard; which was referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
Mr. PEAIICE presented the petition of Charles
• Fletcher, praying that a charter maybe granted to
him and his associates, for the construction of a rail-
road from the District of Columbia to the Point of
Rocks, in Maryland; which was referred to the
Committee for the District of Columbia.
ALABAMA ON INTERVENTION.
Mr. CLEMENS presented two enrolled joint
resolutions, expressive of the sense of the General
Assembly of Alabama in relation to the policy to
be pursued by our Government in its intercourse
with foreign nations: which were read as follows,
and ordered to be printed:
Erflftled Joint Resolutions, expressive of the sense of the i
General Assembly of Alabama in relation to the policy
to be pursued by our Government in its mtereouise with
foreign nations t
Whcieas from many indications of popular feeling in
some of the States of this Government, and from the
speeches and acts of manv public men, high in the confi-
dence of their own constituents, and m that of the people
or the United States, we are led to the belief that a spirit
of intei ference in the political affaiis of the European con
tinenf pievails to *o great an extent as to induce the fear,
that (or the want of calm reflection we may be involved in
ail the troubles and difficulties of the political affairs of
nations and people far removed from us:
Be it tkci eforc resolved by the Senate and House of R.ep-
repeatatives of Ike State oj Alabama in General Assembly
convened. That we hold it to be the duty of the Govern
inent and the people of the United States to cultivate rela-
Uonsof amiy and good will with all the nations of the
earth; in peace to treat ali as friends—in war enemies;
and to have entangling'alliances with none, and to practice
literally the doctrine of non-intervention.
Resolved, That the Governor be requested to forward
these resolutions to our Senators and Representatives in
Congress, with a request to lay the same before their re-
spective bodies.
JOHN D. RATHER,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
' CHARLES McLEMORE,
President of the Senate.
Approved^ January 9,1852. H". W..COLLIER.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRS^.
Oil motion by Mr. DOUGLAS, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Cyrus H. McCormick, on
the files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on
Patents and the Patent Office.
On motion by Mr. DODGE, of Wisconsin, it
was
Ordered, That ths petition of Robert Grignon, on the
files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Indian
Affans.
On motion by Mr. COOPER, it was
Oidcred, That the petition of John S. Van Dvke, on the
files of the Senate, be referied to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
On motion by Mr. SHIELDS, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of citizens of Georgetown,
on the files of the Seriate, relative to certain improvements
in that place, be referred to the Committee for the District
of Columbia.
On motion by Mr. SEWARD, it was
Ordered, That Aaron H. Palmer have leave to withdraw
his memorial and papers.
REPORTS OF STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. CLEMENS, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, to whom was referred the me-
morial of John Rice Jones, reported a bill for the
relief of the legal representatives of John Rice
Jones, deceased. Having been read,
On the motion of Mr. CLEMENS, the bill was
read a second time, and considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole. No amendment being offered,
it was reported to the Senate, and ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading. It was subsequently
read a third time and passed.
Mr. FELCH, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the memorial to
■provide for the final settlement of the accounts of
Jonathan Kearsley, late receiver of public moneys
at Detroit, and of John Biddle, late register of
the land office at that place, reported a bill for
that purpose, accompanied by a report, which was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. FISH, from the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, to whom was referred the petition of Sur-
geon D. S. Edwards, reported 4 bill to provide for
placing ceitain medical officers of the Navy, who
rendered service on land in Mexico, on the same
footing with medical officers of the Army for
similar services; which was read and passed to
the second reading.
He also submitted a report on the subject;
which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same contmittee, to whom
was referred the bill for the relief of John II.
Bryan, administrator of Isaac Garretson, late a
purser in the United States Navy, reported it
without amendment, and submitted an adverse re-
port on the subject, which was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. SHIELDS, from the Committee for the
District of Columbia, reported a bill to incorpo-
rate the Pioneer Manufacturing Company of
Georgetown, in the District of Columbia; which
was read, and passed to the second reading.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom was referred the petition of
Haniet R. F. Capron, submitted a report, accom-
panied by a bill for the relief of the children of
Captain Erastus A. Capron: which was read, and
passed to the second reading.
&ff!a ed, That the leport be printed-
Mr. GWIN,from the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, to whom was referred the petition of James
W. Low, reported a bill for the compensation of
James W. Low and others, for €fe capture of the
British private armed schooner "Ann," during
the late war with Great Britain; which was read,
and passed to the second reading.
NOTICE OP BILL.
Mr. SEBASTIAN gave notice of his intention
to ask leafe to introduce a bill to release from res-
ervation, and restore to the mass of public lands,
certain lands in the State of Arkansas.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. BORLAND, agreeably'to previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill grant-
ing to the State of Arkansas the right of way and
a portion of the public land, to aid in the construc-
tion of the Arkansas Central Railroad from a
point on the western bank of the Mississippi
river, opposite the town of Memphis, Tennessee,
via Little Rock, to a point on Red river, on the
border of Texas; which was read a first and sec-
ond time by its title, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
Mr. BORLAND, agreeably to previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill to
grant the Hot Springs, in Arkansas, to that State,
and to secure the interests of~bona jide settlers
within the limits of the Hot Spring reservation;
which was read twice and referred.
Mr. JAMES, agreeably to previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to bring in a joint reso-
lution to authorize an investigation into the causes
of the explosion of steam boilers, and the best
means of preventing the same; which was read a
first and second time by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
INDIAN CffAIMS. - v
Mr. FELCH submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered 'by unanimous con-
| sent, and agreed to:
I Resolved, That the Committee on Indian Affairs be in-
1 structed to inquire into the expediency of piovidmg by law
for the payment to the Ottawa and Chippewa nations of
Indians, of the overplus money which shall be found due
under the treaty made with them at Washington, the 28th
of March, 1836, and by virtue of the provisions of the fifth
article thereof, as amended and ratified by the Senat?. 0
HILL PASSED.
The bill to admit a certain vessel to registry was
read the third time, and passed with an amended
title.
BINDING OF CONGRESSIONAL DOCUMENTS.
Mr. BORLAND. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Printing, who a few days since reported
a House resolution on the subject of binding the
public documents, and which was laid upon the
table, to ask that it be now taken up for considera-
tion. It is a joint resolution of the House, and
was referred to the Committee on Printing, and
reported from that committee, and on motion, I
believe, it was laid upon the table.
The PRESIDENT. The joint resolution to
which the Senator from Arkansas refers is on the
general orders. The proposition must be to post-
pone the general orders, and to take up that reso-
lution.
Mr. BORLAND. My supposition was that it
was laid upon the table.
The PRESIDENT. No, sir; it is on the gen-
eral orders.
Mr. BORLAND. Then I-move to postpone
all the prior ordeis and to take up that resolution.
Mr. MALLORY. I do not know how much
time will be occupied in the consideration of this
resolution; but with the permission of the Senator
from Arkansas, I would observe that the hour of
one has arrived, and that I should like to finish
the remarks which I commenced yesterday, and I
will not detain the Senate'long.
Mr. BORLAND. I do not suppose that this
resolution will occupy any time, for I am not
aware that there is any disposition to discuss it.
I am opposed to its passage myself, but I believe
it will be favorably considered by a majority of
the Senate.
After some further conversation the motion was
withdrawn.
y FLOGGING IN THE NAVY.
Mr. MALLORY rose and concluded his re-
marks commenced on yesterday. He read from
the report of the Secretary of the Navy and letters
of naval officers, showing the consequences that
had resulted from abolishing corporal punishment,
and expressed a belief that nineteen-twentieths of
the whole Navy would be in favor of the restora-
tion of the lash, and maintained that no officer of
the Navy would be in favor of flogging if he
thought its honor and interest could be maintained
without it. [His speech will be found in the Ap-
pendix.]
Mr. IIALE. I had intended to say a few words
on this subject, though I see the Senator from
New Jersey has arisen. If he wants-the floor I
will yield it to him, as he can treat the subjeci
much better than I can.
