1194
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 26,
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. I hope the gentle-
man will permit me to make a proposition to him.
I desire to offer an amendment to that bill, which
I think will obviate the objection I have to it; and
for that purpose I submit a proposition that the
bill be committed to a select committee to consist
of three.
Mr. TAYLOR. Submit your amendment now.
Mr. STANTON. Let it be submitted to the
investigation of a select committee, of which the
gentleman and myself shall constitute members.
We may agree upon an amendment.
Mr. TAYLOR. Have your amendment read.
Mr. STANTON. I have not yet prepared it.
The character of the amendment I desire should
be made to the bill is this: That the vacant land
shall be surveyed, laid out in sections and frac-
tional sections by the surveyor of the district, and
that the location shall be confined to the lands so
surveyed;, thereby to prevent locations upon
lands which have been once bought and paid for,
and now in the hands of actual settlers. That is
the amendment I desire to ingraft upon the bill.
Mr. TAYLOR. I withdraw my call for the
previous question, for the purpose of replying to
my colleague.
Mr, STANTON. The gentleman will not al-
low me to make an explanation, and yet with-
draws the call to make one himself.
Mr. TAYLOR. It is from no discourtesy to
my colleague. I wish simply to state that he ap-
pears desirous of amending tins bill in such a man-
ner as that the United States surveyors shall lay
off these lands in sections, according to the present
mode of laying olT the public lands. That is im-
practicable. The system ofsurveys adopted under
the cession making this reservation, is entirely dif-
ferent from the general land survey system of the
United States; a system which authorizes any-
body holding a warrant to locate it where he
pleases. Until an entire supervision and revision
of the laws making this grant and reservation shall
be made, it is impossible to change the present
system. The Government has, at the present
time, a land office in that district. Certainly, it
is not the desire of Congress to shut it up! And
this is the only system by which the lands may
now be appropriated. It seems to me to be a plain
matter, it is a very ample one; I ask no change,
but merely that the land office may be kept open.
I now renew the call for the previous question.
Mr. STANTON. 1 wish to make an expla-
nation why the bill should not be pnssed, and 1 ap-
peal to the House to vote down the call for the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded.
The question recurred, Shall the main question
be now put? And on a division, there were—ayes
55.
Mr. TAYLOR called for tellers; which were
ordered, and Messrs. Taylor, of Ohio, and Stan-
ton, of Tennessee, were appointed.
The question was Again put to the House, and
the tellers reported that there were—ayes 74,
noes 43.
Mr. STANTON. I hope the House will in-
dulge me in having the yeas and nays upon the
question, which I demand.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was again put, and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 80, nays 44; as follows:
YEAS—Mefsrs. Aberciombie, Willis Allen, William
AppWiton, Averett, David J. Bailey, Barme, Bocock,
Brooks, Chandler, Chapman, Church well, Clingman, Cobb,
Cottman, Dean, Dockerv, Duncan, Edmundson, Evans,
Ewing, Fickhn, Fitch, Florence, Gilmore, Goodenow,
Goodrich, Goiman, Hall, Hamilton, Hart, Flaws, Haven,
Hendricks, Holladay, Horsford, Houston, Howard, Thom-
as M. Howe, Andrew Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, Geo.
W. J on ps, TCuhns, Landry, Martin, McDonald, McQ.uecn,
Meacham. Meade, Miller, Miner, Henry D- Moore, John
Moore, Morehead, Olds, Andrew Parker, Samuel W.
Parker, Peaslee, Penn, Polk, Porter, Price, Riddle, Schcr-
merhorn, Origen S. Sevmour, Snow, Stanly, Fiedenck P.
Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Alexander H. Stephens,
S trot her, Taylor, Thurston, Ven.xbie, Wallace, Walbh,
Ward, Watkms, Wells, Addison White, and Williams—
8U.
NAYS—Messrs. John Appteton, Bell, Joseph Cable,
Lewis D. Campbell, Thompson Campbell, Cartter, Chas-
tairi,JohnG. Davis, Dunmiek, Doty, Fowler, Freeman,
Giddwgs, Giow, Hascall, Hibbard,Hillyer, Jno. W. Howe,
fngersotl, Jenkins, John Johnson, Darnel T. Jone^, J.
QIancy Jones, Gt>o. G. King. Preston King, Kurtz, Mann,
McCorkle, McNair, Mtllson, Molony, Mm ray, Nabers,
Periniman, Perkins, Phelp*, Robhins. Skelton, Benjamin
Stanton, St. Martin, Swoctser, Townshend, Walbridge,
and Wilcox—44
So the main question was ordered to be put.
The question now being upon ordering the bill
to be engrossed and read a third time—
Mr. STANTON. I ask of the House ten min-
utes to make a few remarks on the bill. When I
have occupied that much time, the Speaker's ham-
mer may fall. As a statement has been heard in
favor of the bill, I trust one will be heard against
the bill. This is a question in which my con-
stituents are deeply interested.
[Cries of " Agreed!" " Agreed 1"]
Mr. TAYLOR. I object. I shall require ten
minutes to explain it. 1 have no objection, how-
ever, to the gentleman's proceeding, provided I
have an opportunity to reply.
Mr. STANTON. That will meet entirely with
my consent.
A Voice. Let them have ten minutes each.
The question was put to the House whether the
gentlemen should have ten minutes each to speak
to the bill, and it was agreed to.
Mr. STANTON then said: Mr. Speaker, it is
not without much hesitation and doubt that I have
been able to come to a conclusion as to what course
it was my duty to pursue in relation to this bill.
Laws, like the one now under consideration,
have so long passed almost as a matter of course,
without opposition from any member who has
heretofore represented any part of the Virginia
military district in Ohio, that I feel very reluctant
to oppose its passage. But after much reflection,
and upon consultation with some of the most in-
telligent citizens of my district, 1 have come to the
conclusion that it is my duty to do so. As the
subject is purely local in its character, it cannot
be supposed that members fiom other States are
familiar with the subject; and I must, therefore,
beg the indulgence and attention of the House for
a short time, to state the grounds of my opposi-
tion.
The bill proposes to grant further time to the
holders of Virginia military bounty land warrants
to locate their warrants. I oppose it; in the first
place, because I believe it will have a tendency to
disturb locations made many years ago, and inter-
fere with existing titles. Very near one half of
the district, which I have the honor to represent
here, is within the Virginia military reservation,
between the Little Miami and Scioto rivers. This
territoy, as I shall notice more fully hereafter, was
reserved by the State of Virginia in her deed of
cession, to satisfy bounty land claims that were
outstanding agamst her in favor of her troops
who served in the Virginia line on Continental es-
tablishment in the war of the Revolution. The
great body of the lands, in the portion of the dis-
trict which I repiesent, were located and surveyed
between the date of the Greenville treaty, 1795,
and the year 1815, a period of twenty years. That
portion winch lies north of the Greenville treaty
line was not subject to location until the 4th of
July, 1819, but was neailyall located and sur-
veyed within the next live years.
And I doubt whether there is now an acre of
vacant land m my district. And hence gentlemen
may think it strange that I should be opposed to
further locations. The difficulty is, that these lands
are now very valuable, generally well improved,
and highly cultivated. And hence the holders of
these warrants are very anxious to make vacancies
where there are none. From what I have stated, it
will be recollected that the great body of these
lands has been located from thirty-seven to fifty-
seven years. These locations almost uniformly
cover from ten to fifty per cent, more land than
the entries, surveys, and patents call for. The
lines, when measured upon the ground, are uni-
formly longer than the lines called forin the patent.
The original corner and line trees are very gener-
ally lost, either from time and accident, or in clear-
ing up the lands. The witnesses who can identify
the corners, and testify where they originally stood,
are fast passing to that " bourn from whence no
traveler returns." The owners have neglected to
perpetuate the evidence of their existence in any
authorized and legal manner. So far as boundary
conflicts between neighbors are concerned, the
lines can generally be established by reputation,
and very soon they will all be settled by the stat-
ute of limitations.
But when they have to contend with recent en-
tries, surveys, and patents, lapse of time only
makes it worse. The difficulty of establishing
ancient boundaries is increased, and the statute of
limitations does not run against the Government.
These warrants are generally held by gentlemen
who reside in the district represented by my col-
league who introduces this bill, and where the
surveyor's office is kept. They have spent their
whole time in dealing in Virginia military lands,
have daily access to the records, and are thoroughly
familiar with every survey m the district.
They know what surplus there is in every sur-
vey, and generally contrive to find out what cor-
ners are destroyed. And they very well under-
stand the principle of law, that when a corner is
lost, and its original position cannot be established
by proof, that the boundaries of the survey must
be established by running again, and accurately,
the courses and distances called for in the original
survey and patent.
This will almost uniformly leave from two hun-
dred to three hundred acres of vacant land for each
survey of one thousand acres. A warrant is forth-
with laid upon it, a survey made in some lawyer's
office, calling for the corners of the adjoining sur-
veys, and a pat en tissued. A deed is thereupon made
to some gentleman in another State, who is totally
ignorant of the whole transaction, and an action of
ejectment brought in the United States circuit court.
And, as a general rule, it is of very little conse-
quence whether the suit can be sustained or not;
for, in nine cases out of ten, the farmer who is sued
is not able to encounter the expense of a litigation
in that court. If he prosecutes the case to a trial
he is ruined, whetherhe fails in his suit or not. He
is, therefore, very glad to get off by paying $5 or
$10 per acre for the land in controversy, by way
of compromise. This is the state of things there
at present. 1 hope the next generation may see the
end of it. If these locations are stopped now, the
end will probably come in a quarter of a century.
But it will never come so long as these locations
are allowed. Time only aggravates the evil, by
increasing the difficulty of establishing ancient
boundaries.
In 1804, an act of Congress was passed, giving
to the holders of the warrants three years to " com-
plete their locations." Undoubtedly, the primary
object of this law was to dispose of the residue of
the lands in this district after the military warrants
were satisfied. But I think it may also be fairly
presumed that it was also intended, like all other
statutes of limitations, to be a statute of repose—
to prevent previous locators from being disturbed
by new locations, after the landmarks of the ori-
ginal location should be destroyed. There is no
more propriety in passing this law than there is
in passing a law to relieve any other class of per-
sons from the operation of the statute of limita-
tions.
The lands upon which they propose to make
their locations, 1 presume have been there ever
since their rights accrued, though I am aware that
their rights are very ancient, and will not under-
take to speak with certainty on that point. I
know it is said that they have a just claim to these
lands, and that they ought not to be deprived of
them. If the justice of their claim were admitted,
there is no more injustice in this than in all other
cases where a State claim is barred by the statute
of limitations.
By the laws of Virginia, the soldiers entitled to
land bounties from that State were required to ex-
haust the good lands in the district set apart for
them, in what is now the State of Kentucky, be-
fore resorting to the lands reserved in her deed
of cession between the Little Miami and Scioto
rivers. But the statesmen of Kentucky, with a
sagacity and foresight thatdoes them infinite honor,
provided, in their compact with Virginia, that no
warrants should be located in Kentucky after the
year 1792. And although Kentucky has passed
through an ordeal of litigation in regard to titles
to real estate, that has probably done more than
all other causes combined to retard her prosperity,
yet, if 1 am correctly informed, it is now almost,
if not entirely, at an end. And I also understand,
that she owes her exemption from this calamity
at this time, mainly if not entirely to the lapse of
time, and to the operation of the statute of limit-
ation. But I undertake to say, that if the time
for locating land warrants in Kentucky had been
extended from that time until this, as it has been
in Ohio, she would still have been harassed with
litigation, arising out of recent locations and
patents.
Every civilized country has found statutes of
limitation, as to the title to real estate, indispens-
