1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2050
I think I have shown clearly that by the terms of
the statute, if they had any duties for any person
to perform in their behalf, as Secretary, those du-
ties were transferred to the Superintending Clerk
of the Census. But let us look a moment at the
matter, and see how it stands. These blanks
ought to have been distributed—whether they
were or not I do not know—before the first day of
June. That they were nearly completed at that
time, and the business nearly finished, cannot ad-
mit of a doubt. What, then, remained? The
Census Board had but two offices to perform.
One was to prepare th&ilanks, and the other to
see that they were printea; and when they made
their report to the Senate and the House of Rep-
resentatives, they were functus officio. There was
an end of their duties. That report was made,
I believe, in February, 1850. If it had not been
for the fact, that by the law of 1850 they were left
with the duty of superintending the " preparatory
printing" which remained to be done, they would
have had no duty of any kind left. How long
did that duty last? How long a time was re-
quired for the printing of the preparatory papers,
that is, the printing of the blanks and circulars?
Sir, is it not a striking fact in regard to this
matter, that this order was dated on the 26th of
December; and when the payments under it were
made, the census had all been completed, and the
returns made? What duty had this Board then
to perform in printing preparatory papers? I can-
not make the argument any stronger or any
plainer than the statements of the proposition
itself makes it. It is preposterous to say that this
Board was in existence, and had a right to employ
a secretary, when this secretary had no duties to
perform. There were no duties, and could be
none, which he then had to perforn. It would be
allowing him pay for a sinecure office. But the
answer to the whole of it is, that those duties, if
there were any, were the appropriate duties of the
Superintending Clerk.
These payments, nevertheless, went on by the
disbursing officer for the period of time I have
stated. They finally reached the First Comp-
troller. The First Comptroller is a man that un-
derstands his duties. He knew that no money
could be drawn from the Treasury of the United
States without warrant of law. He knew that
there must be a law to authorize it. He set him-
self to work, and inquired into the matter. He
investigated the acts of Congress in regard to it;
and arrived at the only conclusion which the facts
can sanction: that there was no authority of law
to execute the order of the Secretary of the Inte-
rior—none whatever; and he refused to execute
it; and gave notice to the disbursing officer of the
Department of the Interior, that there was no au- i
thority of law under which the allowance could I
be made, and that any such claim could not pass \
with his sanction as Comptroller. Well, sir, I I
take it, that that has been sanctioned by every-
body. I have heard of no attempt to appeal from
the decision of this officer, and no attempt to draw
his decision into question as unjust or wrong in
any way. There the matter stood.
What next was doner The disbursing officer
of the Department of the Interior found it neces-
sary, as a personal responsibility devolved upon
him for paying sums of money which he was not
authorized by law to allow; and he deducted those
overpayments, amounting to about $800, from the
accruing salary of Mr. Kennedy, as it became
due, in order to indemnify the Treasury; so that
this officer has derived no benefit from the order
of the Secretary of the Interior, or the allowances
which were made to him. As the object of
getting pay for two offices could not be accom-
plished through the Department—as that was de-
spaired of, he came to a committee of the Senate,
and a proposition was made here to amend the
law m the way and manner which has been
pointed out by my honorable friend from South
Carolina; and rather an extraordinary manner it
was; because, by the very terms of the act, words
were stricken out of the printed law of 1850, and
other words were inserted in their place. I do
not mean to say that that is an improper way;
but it is an unusual way of proceeding to strike
out words from a statute which has been a long
time in existence, and printed among the laws, and
insert other words in lieu of them.
Mr. President, the position which I assume is
in accordance with the law of the land, in regard
to the right of any individual to receive pay for
two offices. Let me read now from an act passed
in 1850, at a period subsequent to the census act
which was passed in May; the provisions of
which were carried into effect by Congress at that
time. There is a proviso, as follows:
" Provided, how ever > Tliat hereafter the proper account-
ing officers of the Treasury, or other pay officers of the
United States, shall m no case allow and pay to one indi-
vidual the salaries of two different offices on account of
having performed the duties thereof at the same time ; but
this prohibition shall not extend to the superintendents of
the Executive buildings."
Here is a positive prohibition—a prohibition
founded upon the simplest justice that can be im-
agined. We hire this gentleman as a Superin-
tending Clerk. We are entitled to all his time
and services. We are entitled to all that the
Government has a right to exact when a man de-
votes his whole time to it for compensation; and it
is preposterous to say that a man whose whole
time is engaged for the benefit and service of the
country can have^time to fulfill the duties of an-
other office with such onerous duties that it is
entitled to greater pay than the one in which he is
employed. It is injustice to the Government to
adopt that principle. The law which I have read
is founded in the strongest common sense, and
was adopted because of the abuses which have
grown up from allowances in such cases.
] have no desire to detain the Senate with these
matters. But it is said that this gentleman has
never claimed the pay growing out of the two offi-
ces. Sir, the Secretary of the Interior does not
understand it so. He founds the right of this
gentleman to the $3,000 upon his filling the two
stations. The accounting officers have never un-
derstood it so. They have always understood
that if he claimed $3,000, he was to get it by claim-
ing it through the two offices, and in no other
way. I believe helms never had the assurance to
pretend tku there were any duties for him to per-
form as Secretary of the Census Board, which
would authorize the payment to him of $3,000
annually for that service. I should like some of
my friends here, who know perhaps more about
the subject than I do in regard to these duties, to
point out the specific duties which this gentleman
had to perform, if he had any, as Secretary of the
Census Board. I should be very glad to see a
specification of those duties. I should be very
glad to see the foundation upon which this claim
rests. It would give some satisfaction, at least,
to my mind.
I will send to the Chair some papers relating
to this subject which have been placed in my hands:
First, a letter from Mr. Williamson, who is the
disbursing officer of the Department of the In-
terior. The Senate will learn from that, what kind
of claim this gentleman has set up; and whether
or not he considers that he is entitled to pay for
the two offices. I ask that the letter may be read.
The Secretary accordingly read the following
letter:
Depa.rtmf.nt of thk Interior, )
Disbursing Offick, July 30, 1852. )
Sir : I have received your letter ©f yesterday, and in an-
swer to your first question, have the honoi to state that I am
the pay agent of the Department of the Intetior, and was
appointed the 29th of April, 1850. I am also " special dis-
bursing agent of the Census fund" by appointment, dated
May 24th, 3850.
Secondly, J- C. G. Kennedy, Esq., came into my office
on Monday last, and asked me if I was ready to settle his
account. 1 answered 1 was, and said u which of them ?"—
as I have two unsettled accounts with him, one for salary
growing out of my refusal to pay him .*$,000 per annum,
and the other for his European trip. He then told me he
wauled to settle his account a* Secretary of the Census
Board. I hesitated for a moment, and he then said that
Congress had given him the .153,000 salary as Secietary of
the Census Board, as I would see by the last section of the
apportionment bill. He handed me the bill, and remarked
tliat he would leave the $2,500 salary, the one that I had al-
ways recognized and been directed to pay as legally his, for
future or after consideration ; and he continued, "• 1 do not
' know that I would evei have demanded it if they had set-
4 tied the higher one with me at first; but I shall now pur-
c sue my own course." To this I answered that he would
have much less difficulty now in setting the $2,500 than he
had in getting the larger sum. The conversation did uot
la«t more than ten minutes, and he left the room. Mi.
Robert Wtight and Mr. G. A. D. Clarke, both employed on
the Census, were present.
I now bea leave to remark that Mr. Kennedy evidently
gave me to understand that he considered both salanes
were his by law, if lie cho^e to demand them; and I
thought it singularly strange that an office should be created
or provided without any duties or business attached to it,
either real or imaginary, and at the same time that there
should be left in full force his regular appointment of Su-
perintending Clerk of the Census asfca separate and distinct
office, thereby leaving it discretionary with him [Mr. K.]
to draw the salary for it or nor, as he should think proper.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, yours,
K. H. WILLIAMSON,
1 Disbursing JSgcnt.
| Hon. Er.rsha Whittlesey,
First Comptroller of the Treasury 
I agree with the remarks contained iri the above letter
ending with the sentence " Robert Wright and G. A. D.
Clarke," except that I think Mr. Williamson asked Mr.
Kennedy " whether he [Mr. K.] demanded both salaries"
—-alluding to the salary as Clerk of the Census Board and
Superintending ClerK,
G. A. P. CLARKE.
T agree with the remarks contained in the above letter
ending with the sentence " liobeit Wright and G. A. D.
Clarke." ROBERT WRIGHT.
Mr. DAVIS. That letter needs no comment,
j It was written in reply to one from the Comp-
; troller, and settles the question as to demanding
j pay for both offices. Mr. Kennedy reserves for
i consideration whether he will hereafter claim the
i $5,500 or not. 1 have here a letter which has
I been addressed to me voluntarily by Mr. Whit-
: tlesey on the same subject, and which will fully
! explain his course. I ask that it may be read.
| The Secretary accordingly read the letter, as
> follows:
i Treasury Department, }
| Comptroller's Office, July'29, 185?. >
I Dear Six: Jos. C. G. Kennedy, Esq., Superintending
1 Clerk of the. Seventh Census, having stated in writing, that
i I am annovmg him " m the matter of his compensation,
t J have deemed n to be my duty to act as a public oflicer,
; in regard to his compensation. You can use the mforma-
! tion as you think proper. Mr. Kennedy was appointed See-
i retary of the Census Board, created by the act of March 3,
, 1849.
That act having discharged its functions when the act of
I May 23,1850, went into operation, he was appointed Super-
! intending CIpi k of the Seventh Census, and took his oath of
office on the27th of May, 1850.
The act ofMarch 3, 1849. did not lix the compensation of
secretary of the Census Board, but left it to Congress to do
it, after the duties of the Board should be discharged. Ac-
cordingly the salary of said Secietary was established at the
rate of $3,000 per annum by the act of May 23d, 1850. The
same act fixed the salary of Superintending Clerk at $2,500
per annum.
A question arose as jo the compensation Mr. Kennedy
was to receive from the 27th of Mav, to the 1st of June, ft
having been submitted to me, I decided he was entitled to
his salary as Secretary until the 1st of June.
A copy ofthat decision I send to you.
From the 1st of June to the 30th of September, both days
inclusive, he was paid as Superintending Clerk of the Sev-
enth Census, at the rate of &2,500, established by the act
of May 23d, 1850. This appears by the second and third
item of the statement of the Register, dated the 6th of Feb-
i ruary, 1852.
I Onthe2f>th of December, 1850, the Hon. A. H. H.Stuart,
| Secietary of the interior, gave a peremptory order to the
; disbursing agent of the Seventh Census, to pay Mr. Ken-
' nedy for his services as Superintendent of the Seventh
| Census and the Secretaiy of ihe Census Board, a salary at
' the rate of $3,000 per annum, commencing on the 1st day
of June, 1850.
I The pay agent paid Mr. Kennedy accordingly, to the 31st
| of Dccemhei, 1851. This appears fiorn the fourth, fifth,
j sixth, seventh, eighth, and ninth items of the statement of
' the Register.
, On settling the accounts of the pay agent, I disallowed the
amount ovcipaid fiom the 1st of June, 1S50, to the 31st of
December, 1851, under the order of the honorable Secretary.
It amounts to $191 20. This appeal s from the tenth,
eleventh, and twelfth items of the Register's statement.
; My reasons for disallowing this over fragment are set forth
in my second decision, a copy of which I also sent to you.
; I have understood the pay agent withheld further pay-
, menfs to Mr. Kennedy until lie was remunerated the
> amount thus disallowed.
| Last Monday, Mr. Williamson, the pay agent, came to
, my office, and informed me Mr. Kennedy requested or de-
, manded his pay under a late act that Congress had passed,
i and he handed to me Senate bill No. 281, certified by Mr.
1 Dickins, Secretary. Mr. Williamson said Mr. Kennedy's
. demand or request was for whatever was due at the rate of
i .53,000 per annum ; that ho asked Mr. Kennedy if he claimed
both salaries, and the leply was, that question would be
! taken into consideration; that he should not have claimed
it if he had not been treated .so; but now he should do as
1 he thought proper
\ I asked Mr. Williamson if he knew the bill had passed,
: and became a law ? He said he knew nothing more about
it than what Mr. Kennedy told him, and appeared from the
j hill. By my advice he went to the State Department, and
; returned with the information that the act had not been
! lodged there.
; I went immediately to the President, and on being in-
| formed the act had not been presented to him lor approval,
; J remarked I was glad of it; for I thought a fiaud had been
I practiced on Congress, m amending the twentieth section
1 of the act of May 33d, 1850, and i stated to him the eon-
! versation between Mr. Kennedy and Mr. Williamson, as it
| had been related to me. I informed him, also, that it Mr.
' Kennedy was entitled to a salary as Secretary of the Cen-
! sws. Board of $3,000, he was entitled to an annual compen-
sation of $5,500, as there was no doubt he, as Superintend-
ing Clerk ut the census, w< s entitled to his salary of $2,500
a year, and the Attorney General had decided " the same
person could legally hold two offices, and receive the sal-
ary of each."
1 went immediately to the House ©f Representatives?, and
saw Mi. McLanahan, and to the Senate, and saw Mr*
