2060
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 4,
Butler, and explained the effect that might be produced by
the late act.
On returning from the office, the night of the same day,
I met Mr. Kennedy, and he complained of having been mis-
represented to the President, and wished to know what Mr.
Williamson said ? I repeated it to him, and also what I stated
to the President. He understood it had been represented
to the President, that he had demanded both salaries; and
that he denied; but he did not deny he had the conversation
with Mr. Williamson, as Mr. Williamson related it to me.
I reminded him he knew the decision of the Attorney Gen-
eral , and that he could, underthat decision, claim the com-
pensation of both offices, if he was entitled to the salary of
Secretary. He did not deny either of these propositions; but
he repeated he had asked for only the salary of the highest
office, which he thought he ought to have. I told him I
thought the amendment of the act m the manner proposed
was intended as a fraud.
Mr. Butler having been called from the Senate, and wish-
ing to return to it, I mentioned, after a brief conversation,
I would make a statement 10 him in writing if he desired
it; and having been requested to do so, I addressed Mr.
Butler a letter, and sent a copy of itto Mr. McLanahan.
If it shall be the pleasure of Congress to fix Mu Kenne-
dy's salary at any sum higher than it now is, no one will
feel less regret than myself; but I will not, as an officer, see
an effort to take money from the Treasury unlawfully with-
out bearing testimony against it.
Most sincerely and respectfully yours,
ELISHA WHITTLESEY.
Hon. John Da.vis, U. S. Senator.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President, I should not
have meddled with this matter at all, if it had not
been, that, in my deliberate judgment, something
like unfairness has been practiced upon Congress
through the agency of the committee of which
I am the representative to the public. Mr. Whit-
tlesey, as he said in his letter, did meet me, and
he presented the subject to me. He asked me my
construction of the bill which had been passed. I
told him I was not here at the time it was passed,
and that, therefore, I was not responsible for the
report of the committee upon it. But, according
to my construction of it, it was clearly a recog-
nition of the existence of the office of Secretary
of the Census Board; and that, under the terms
of that bill, Mr. Kennedy would be entitled to two
salaries. I have since read the act carefully,and
there can be but one opinion upon that subject. I
am sorry to say, that the clause introduced into
th e " apportionment act," as it is commonly called,
was intended, as I fear, to cover this approach to
the Legislature for two salaries.
Mr, jDAVIS. Certainly; there can be no doubt
about it.
Mr. BUTLER. I must answer my honorable
friend from Georgia frankly, as he has appealed
tome. If a communication was sent from Mr.
Stuart—from such a respectable source—and ad-
dressed to me as chairman of (he Committee on
the Judiciary, to insert in that bill a salary of
53,000 for the Superintending Clerk of the Census,
I think it extremely probable that i would have
acquiesced m that. But was the proposition sent
to the Judiciary Committee to give this gentleman
$3,000 for either one office or the other? Not
at all. Here is the clause that was inserted in
that bill, which was prepared at the Department
of the Interior, and, I presume,"by Mr. Kennedy
himself. It is a clause no way connected with
the general object of the bill, and is in these words:
<• And be it farther enacted, That the 20th section of the
^aid aot be amended by striking out the words 4 has been,'
in the lust hue, and inserting the words 1 may necessarily
be.*
Now, according to the twentieth section of theact
referred to—the Census act of 1850—the Secretary
of the Census Board was to receive a compensa-
tion at the rate of $3,000 per annum, " during the
period he has been "in the employ of the Census
Board.
Under the terras of the bill which we have
passed this year, he is to be compensated for con-
structive services, by the revival of a dead office,
for services that he may perform in that office,
thus recognized and revived. There is but one
construction that can be given to it; and when
Mr. Whittlesey wrote this letter to me, I did feel
for my friends, that a fraud had been practiced.
I am sorry that 1 have to make this remark; but
there stands the act. It does not increase the sal-
ary of Mr. Kennedy definitely to $3,000, but it
revives the old office of Secretary of the Census
Board; and when Mr. Kennedy went and asked
for double pay, he knew, as a lawyer, that he
could get it under the warrant of this law. It was
the revival of an office, giving him a salary of
$3,000 a year for constructive services, for he did
not perform them. All the services necessarily
incident to the office had been performed, and the
office was defunct.
I say this much, because I should dislike to give
Mr. Whittlesey cause to complain of a Want of
vigilance on the part of the Judiciary Committee.
I suppose that when the draft of the bill came
from the Secretary of the Interior, the Senator
from Louisiana, [Mr. Downs,] who represented
the committee at the time, had no doubt but that it
was perfectly right. It is apparent now, however,
that it was not right. I repeat, that upon the con-
struction of the clause which, I have read, Mr.
Kennedy can claim two salaries, and there can be
but one view on that point; for if he can receive
§500 as Secretary of the Census Board, he can re-
ceive the full amount of $5,500. I have to say
that when I am called upon to perform a duty of
this kind, and I see what, in my opinion, is an
unfairness which has been practiced, I must speak
candidly on the subject. Mr. Kennedy knew just
as well as I do now, that when he accepted the
office of Superintending Clerk of the Census, he
was to receive but $2,500 per annum. His acqui-
escence in that understanding was for seven
months. I believe that for that length of time he
received and claimed only that compensation. I
should not have spoken with so much temper on
this subject, except that there might be left a re-
flection on one of the committees of this body that
it had not exercised sufficient vigilance in regard
to this matter. I have no doubt that if I had been
here at the time, as chairman of the committee, I
should have acquiesced as the other members did,
believing that it was all right, but it would not
have made me the less resentful when I had the
thing disclosed to me.
The Secretary of the Interior wrote a letter,
directed to myself as chairman of the Committee
on the Judiciary, suggesting that the salary of
Mr. Kennedy should be fixed at $3,000 a year.
If that had been the proposition contained in the
bill, it would have been perfectly satisfactory to ]
me, and I should probably have been willing to ]
insert it; but I never would have consented to
insert the clause which was inserted, knowing the
interpretation which Mr. Kennedy was going to
give it, which in fact he would have given, and
could have given to it, and which he did give to
it. When anything touches the maladministra-
tion of the money Department of this Govern-
ment, it is certainly more than an individual who
is involved in it. The Department itself is in-
volved in it; a committee of this House is involved
in it; and an abuse of this kind ought not to be
allowed to pass without open' denunciation. I
was perfectly willing that this joint resolution
should have passed m its present shape. I shall
vote against a reconsideration. If this gentleman
thinks he deserves a higher salary, let him come
here and petition Congress to pass an act increas-
ing his salary. Perhaps I should vote for such
an act—it is very probable that I would; but I do
not wish to allow the supplementary act which
has been passed to go into operation with the pro-
vision which is in it reviving a dead office, if I can
prevent it; and the joint resolution which is now
under consideration is designed to prevent it. It
is not worth while to discuss the fact whether the
clause inserted was asked for by the Secretary of
the Interior in a letter directed to me; but a clause
was inserted which will authorize payment, for
constructive services in an office which had ter-
minated, of money to which the individual was
not entitled.
Mr. DAWSON. Mr. President, this case has
assumed a very strange aspect. The word
" fraud " was for the first time suggested in the
letter said to be voluntarily addressed to the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts by Mr. Whittlesey. It
was there, for the first time, suggested that a fraud
had been committed upon the Government. Then
comes my friend from South Carolina, who has
taken a very strange course upon this subject, and
paid but a poor compliment to the Committee on
the Judiciary, when he says that Mr. Kennedy
has made them the instrument in his hands of
perpetrating a fraud. He admits that the recom-
mendation of the Secretary of the Interior would
have been proper and entirely satisfactory to him,
and that he would have been willing to appropri-
ate §3,000 per annum for Mr. Kennedy. Did
Mr. Kennedy make the amendment to the law of
1850? Did it not come from the Committee on
the Judiciary? Was it not presented by that
committee to this branch of Congress and regu-
larly passed into a law ? And yet it is here insinu-
ated that Mr. Kennedy, through that instrument-
ality, has practiced a fraud upon the Government.
My friend certainly ought to have measured the
extent of the insinuation which hia words make
against the character of an individual.
But, sir, why is this strange and wonderful ex-
citement gotten up here about $800 as salary for
the services of an individual? The monetary af-
fairs of this Government are brought up, and all the
Departments of the Government are to be involved
upon this mighty question of a difference of $500
a year salary for an office. I cannot comprehend
why it is. How is all tjw feeling brought about?
Through our friend, th^'irst Comptroller of the
Treasury. It is not the first difficulty he has pre-
sented to the Senate of the United States. It is
not the first time he has overruled the decision of
the Presiding Officers of this body, and brought
himselfinto conflict with them. Was that act to
which I allude, and which he refused to allow, a
"fraud?" It was so stated, and this body was
made to bear it,-and the decision of a late Vice
President of the United States and his successor
were disregarded; and yet now, because the same
Comptroller uses the word " fraud" in regard to
the character of an individual who is as exempt
from fraud as any man, he is to receive that im-
putation here, and it is to go to the country sanc-
tioned by the high name of the Senator who has
just spoken. It is unjust to this individual—it is
unkind and ungenerous to a man who has not
done an act inconsistent, with strict honor. Let
gentlemen look into this matter. Let my friend
from Massachusetts look into it; and I must say
that I have never heard him speak with more ex-
citement. I was surprised at it, knowing that he
usually keeps his head very cool.
In order to protect the honor of this body, let
us go back to the beginning of this matter at once,
and see where it originated. In what proposition
did it originate? Let us look to it as men, and
not seek to embarrass the country and make the
world believe that any one here is seeking to per-
petrate a fraud upon the Government. The first
question I would propound to gentlemen is this:
Was the act authorizing the creation of the Census
Board repealed ? Was it annulled? Answer that,
each and every one of you. It was not.
Mr. DAVIS. I will answer the Senator. So
far as concerns the Secretary of the Census Board,
it is the plain interpretation of the act that the
duties of that office were closed and completed.
Mr. DAWSON. Exactly; that is the impres-
sion of my friend from Massachusetts. But who
was to judge in this case? The Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, the Secretary of the Interior, or the
Board of Census ? There is the question. I ask
gentlemen to look at that question, and confine
themselves to it; and not seek to wound and de-
stroy a man who has not offended any one here,
or any law of the land. The law under which
the Census Board was organized was not repealed;
and here are Daniel Webster and John J. Crit-
tenden saying that they were members of the
Board of Census in September, 185], and that
Mr. Kennedy was then Secretary of their Board.
Have Senators forgotten that this very Board of
Census, through their Secretary, made a report to
the Senate of the United States, accompanying
the President's message, at the opening of this
session of Congress? And yet gentlemen state
to the country that the functions of the Census
Board were at an end; when here are the signa-
tures of Daniel Webster and John J. Crittenden
that they were members of the Board of Census,
and that this gentleman was their Secretary. If
there was any fault, where, then, does it rest? It
rests in the legislation of Congress.
Mr. DAVIS. I would ask the Senator whether
he contends that the law of 1849, under which the
Census Board was organized, is a perpetual law;
and that this secretaryship is a perpetual secreta-
ryship ?
Mr. DAWSON. I answer, No; it is not; but
the Board of Census are the individuals who are
entitled to terminate it; and I have got their decis-
ion to that effect; and can your opinion go against
theirs on a question of this kind, involving the
character of an individual who has not a right to
speak on this floor? Certainly not; and if he can
be shielded and protected by the great names of
Webster and Crittenden, what need he care for
the opinion of those who seek to stab his char-
acter?
