1196
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 26,
at correct results on this subject, I called on the
Commissioner of Pensions for a statement of the
aggregate number of the officers and soldiers of
the sixteen regiments composing the Virginia line
on Continental establishment. He informs me
in reply that there were 2 major generals; 13 brig-
adier generals; 47 colonels; 31 lieutenant colonels;
55 majors; 372 captains; 440 lieutenants; and 258
non-commisioned officers.
Making an a^regate of 1,218 officers; and that
there were 8,459 soldiers—making a grand total of
9,677 troops.
It will be obvious, however, that of this num-
ber there must have been a very large proportion
who did not serve the time required to entitle them
to bounty land. But supposing them all to have
been entitled, the result would be as follows:
2 Major Generals, one only of whom has received
bounty lands  15,000 acres.
13 Brigadier Generals, only six of wliom
have received bounty lauds  60,0°0 u
47 Colonels received <5,666% acres each 313,333)^ "
31 Lieutenant Colonel* received 5,000
each  155,000 *<
55 Majors iec*uved 5,333,!^ acres each.. 293,333^' "
372 Captains received 4,l)6u acres each.. 1,508,000
555 Subalterns received a,666% acres
each 1,479,963^ «
143 Non-commissioned officers received
4'i0 acies each  52,200 "
6,4o9 Privates received 100 acres each..., 848,900 "
Making an aggregate of..., 4,72:4,730 "
Which would satisfy the claims of all the troops
of the Virginia line on Continental establishment,
as well those who were entitled as those who were
not, except one Major General and seven Brig-
adier Generals, for whose services no warrants
have ever been issued, probably because they had
not served the time required to entitle them to
bounty lands.
I am aware that officers who served six consec-
utive years, and till the end of the war, were en-
titled to one sixth, in addition to the amount
originally granted, upon which the foregoing com-
putation is based. And also that soldiery, who
enlisted for the war, and served until its close,
were entitled to two hundred acres, instead of one
hunched. But no one who has the slightest knowl- !
edge of the times, and of the difficulties which
the armies of the Revolution encountered on ac-
count of short enlistments and time of service,
can suppose for a moment that the amount to be
added for these two classes of cases can be any-
thing like eijual to the amount to be deducted for
those who served less than three years.
I know it has been claimed that there was a
larger number of troops than I have stated; but I
f>m wholly at a loss to imagine how tht re could
have been a larger number of men in the service
than is found upon the pay rolls. This would
give fix handled and five men to each of the six-
teen regiments. And this is quite as large an
i'verage as we have any reason to suppose was
ever in the service. As to the term of service, i
there can be no doubt; but a large proportion of
those found upon the pay rolls served for a period
short of three years, and were not entitled to
bounty lands.
Pnor to October, ]77G, "Virginia passed laws
authorizing the raising and imbodymg of eleven
regiments, one battalion, six troops of horse, and
nineteen companies of infantry, all for terms Jefs
than three years. How many of these were act-
ually raised, or what proportion of those actually
raised went into the State line, and what propor-
Uon into the Continental hue, it is difficult to as-
certain; but there is no doubt many of them must
have gone into the Continental line; and none of
these troops would be entitled to bounty land by
virtue of their enlistment and semce under those laws.
There is no doubt but many who entered the
service under these laws, renewed their enlistment
a*, the expiration of their term of service, and
ultimately became entitled to bounty land; and I
suppose it is equally certain that many left the
service :«t the expiration of their term, and never
became entitled to land; but they are all on the
pay roll, and included in the aggregate which I .
have i;ive>}.
Chief Justice Marshall gave it as his opinion,in
1836, that there must have been an average of five !
hundred persons for each of the sixteen coriti- j
nentai regiments who were entitled to bounty land.
Tins would leave one hundred and five for each
regiment who were not entitled to it. And when i
I the condition of the army at Valley Forge, in the
J winter of 1777-'$, is considered, almost reduced
i to a skeleton by desertion, expiration of the terms
i of service of the men, and the resignation of the
! officers, it is believed that the estimate of the Chief
Justice will be considered liberal.
But, leaving all these considerations out of view,
and supposing every officer and soldier found upon
the pay roils entitled to bounty land for three
years' service, and their claim will amount, in the
aggregate, as I have said, to 4,722,730 acres.
II They have already received, in land warrants,
jj located in Kentucky and Ohio, and in land scrip
|j issued under various acts of Congress, and applied
|! to the satisfaction of their warrants, as follows,
'< to wit;
] Warrants located in Kentucky   "/^}045 acres.
,J Warrants located m Ohio   3,tj2'J,848 il
,i Scrip      5b0sv«2'25
;! Making an aggregate of. 4,944,118 lt
;| being 2:21,338 acres more than the whole rank and
file of the Continental troops could by any possi-
ij bility ever have been entitled to. There is also on
J file m the General Land Office 85,000 acres of un«
jj satisfied warrants, besides those that are in the
H hands of individuals. The inquiry at once arises,
'j how it can be possible that the State of Virginia
ij should ever have issued warrants that were wholly
;i unauthorized, for such an immense quantity of
; land. To this I answer: first, that any system
jj which authorizes one government to adjudicate
;j claims that are to be paid by another, is radically
wrong, and fatally, and almost necessarily, be-
gets a loose mode of doing business, and inevitably
leads to fraud and imposition on the part of claim-
ants. The rules of evidence are relaxed to meet
what are supposed to be hord cases, and the door
is opened to all manner of imposition. It will be
found that these results have, m tact, followed.
During the war of the Revolution, and for many
years after, a warrant could only be issued to an
j officer upon thecertificateof a general officer of the
: line, stating the term of service uf the applicant,
! and the regiment or corps in winch he served, in
| 1816, this law was repealed, and the Executive
I was authorized to issue the warrants when " satis-
factory evidence was adduced." Sinre that law,
warrants have been issued upon cx parte affidavits
of the most vague and unsatisfactory character.
I do not charge that the State of Virginia, or her
citizens, have acted dififeremly from what any
other State or people would have done under the
circumstances. The whole system of granting
and locating warrants, is radically and fatally de-
fective; and nothing but fraud and imposition could
possibly grow out of it. All 1 ask is, that inas-
much as the right to locate these Wiimmts is now
barred by the statute of limitations, that they shall
not be relieved by further legislation. This, ns
well as all other statutes of limitation, proceeds
upon the presumption, that jfa man Joes not assert
his claim withm a reasonable time, it is because he
is conscious of its injustice. The rights of these
i claimants accrued near seventy years ago. They
;! have had from that time to the piesent to assert
them.
Forty-eight years ago a law was pa.-.^ed requir-
| ing them to assert them within three years, or
- they should be forever baned. Since that they
' have been indulged with an extension of time for
1 forty-fire years. I submit, that in reason and
1 common sense, as well as in law, if there are any
■ I such claims outstanding, they will be presumed to
, he unjust. The proofs which I have submitted for-
; tifies this presumption so strongly that it amounts
| to demonstration.
But my colleague says there is a large amount
; of vacant land in his district, and that h's constit-
uents are interested in having it settled and brought
into cultivation. It was undoubtedly routempJa-
■ ted the time of the execution of rhc deed of ces- :
, sion by Virginia to the United States, and fur 1
; many years afterwards, that there "u on Id be n large
1 amount of vacant and unappropriated land in this 1
- reservation after satisfying the Vn'^uhn troops. It :
! was mainly with the view of bringing these binds
into market, and making them subject to private !
I entry, like other Government knds, that the act
j of 1§04, and subsequent acts requiring the sokbers !
• to complete their locations within a short period,
J were passed. And if Congress shall refuse a fur-
, ther extension of time foi making these entries
I and surveys, it will undoubtedly be our duty to
! provide for having them surveyed, and subject to '
entry and sale, like other Government lands. A
bill has passed in the Senate to cede to the State
of Ohio the unsold public lands lying m that State;
and if the House shall refuse to pass this bill,
these lands ought to be included in that cession.
That the lands are of scarcely any value, either to
the State or the nation, is abundantly evident from
the fact that they lie in the neighborhood of some
of the oldest settlements in the States and have
been subject to appropriation by Virginia military
land warrants, worth from thirty to fifty cents per
acre, for sixty years. 1 care very little, there-
fore, what becomes of the land. My main objec-
tion to this bill is, the effect of the extension of
the time to make these locations upon existing
titles m my own district. I will say to my col-
league, if he is very anxious to have these huckle-
berry knobs in IJike and Adams counties subject-
ed to the warrants that are still outstanding, 1 will
interpose no objection if he will so modify his bill
as to keep his land-sharks from devouring my
constituents. If he will so modify it as to confine
the locations to certain counties in the district, or
if he will provide for having the vacated lands sur-
veyed by some disinterested pubhesurveyor, with-
in a limited time, into sections and fractional sec-
tions, and such other subdivisions as are now
provided for the public lands, and confine future
locations t<> the lands so surveyed, I shall inter-
pose no objection to the passage of the bill. But
I assure my colleague that lie will be \ery for-
tunate if he gets it passed in its present form
during th/s Congress.
Mr. TAYLOll. I am very sorry to detain the
House. I do not wish to occupy much of the time
of this House, as it seems to me to be s plain mat-
ter. The Committee on Public Lands investigated
this matter as early as January, and reported a bill
to this House, unanimously, to extend the time
for locating the warrants m this district. 1 thought
it was unnecessary to place this bill upon the Cal-
endar, and hoped very much that the chairman of
• | the Land Committee would have asked that it
| might be passed, when it wes first reported. Since
i1 the 1st day of January, the Virginia military land
)| office in the district which I have the honor to
ij represent, has been closed against the entering of
ij pubhc lauds for the want of some action of Con-
;| <rress upon tins bill. My friend and colleague
jj [Mr. Stantok] intimates here, that my constitu-
;j ems have sent a private surveyor no to his district
'! to molest his constituents. He ought in candor
j- to have stated to the House that this surveyor is
ij a surveyor of the United States—an office created
|) mote than sixty years ago—and the surveyor
holding the title of surveyor general of the Vir-
ji ginia military dis# act, appointed'under law by the
,j President. He holds an important office there,
ij preserving the land titles of millions of acres. The
county in which my colleague lives is situated
■j some one hundred miles from where t reside. It
does seem to me improper for the gentleman to
insinuate that this public surveyor, of your pub-
hc lands in this uii-trict, is carrying on a system
of fraud and peculation upon those lands. ' It is
j true, that many of the old surveys were irregu-
;i Jatly made. Conflicts about lines and titles have
ij arisen in my col'eogue's county, as well as my
f own, and it has been a fruitful sourceof litigation.
But does the gentleman suppose, that by closing
the land office, and preventing persons not only in
my part of the country, but in Virginia, Ken-
tucky, Illinois, Missouri, and elsewhere, who own
Virginia military land warrants, from entering the
balance of these lands, he can accomplish hjs pur-
; pose f>nu prevent litigation? Surely,asa lawver,
j he will not advocate such a proposition here. Sup-
f pose some individual should claim 1,500acres, in
'] wluit he called 1,000 acre entry, and come other
i person, with a warrant recently issued, finds him-
! celf without the means of .satisfying that warrant,
; and upon investigating the claim, finds an old
j wiry for more fhnn the warrant called for. or
| finds a vacant spu^e between him and some sub-
j sequent locator: I ask if the gentleman would
i restrain him from entering the land warr?nt, and
i testing his rights in the courts of justice of that
| Stater You cannot prevent litigation by closing
f this land office; and it would be improper to have
I it closed.
i Mr. HALL. I understand the gentleman from
' Ohio, [Mr. Stan"tont,1 who preeeded the gemle-
j man, t«> state that if this bill should pass, the titles
' in his district would be disturbed. I wish to ask
