1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2061
I have no feeling on this subject. I have no
private or social relations with this individual;
but I go for the protection of every man from an
unkind stab when he has no power to defend or
explain himself.
How did this question originate? Let us deny
it, if we dare. Senators upon this floor, have you
not passed two laws, one giving a salary to the
Secretary of the Board of Census, and one giving
a salary to the Superintendent of the Census? Do
not those laws now exist ? Has it ever been re-
pealed by your power, or by your declaration ?
Never. Then, if the Secretary of the Interior had
the right to appoint a Superintendent, what law is
there, or what part of the Constitution is there,
which prevents the concentration of both offices
in the same individual? None. The Secretary
of the Census Board then became the Superin-
tendent of the Census—both salaries existing.
Then why should gentlemen cast an imputation
upon this man, who has these two appointments
combined in himself?—for an imputation is sought
to be cast upon this man who has these two ap-
pointments combined in himself.
It is said that he has claimed the salaries of
both offices, and therefore that a fraud has been
practiced on the Government. There is not, I
assert, to be found any substantial proof of the
charge even in the " voluntary" contribution of
testimony furnished to my friend from Massa-
chusetts, or in the statement of Mr. Williamson.
I will show you, on the contrary, that this Super-
intendent claimed it from the beginning, and made
his selection, as every other man would have done,
according to the settled practice of the Govern-
ment, taking the higher salary. How am I to
prove this? I can prove it by testimony which
will wipe away the dust and clear up the clouds
which rest upon this transaction, and show it to
have been as honorable and as honest a trans-
action as could possibly have been. When did
this matter commence? I will show you when it
originated. Where did the difficulty originate? It
originated with the Comptroller of the Treasury,
Mr. Whittlesey. I have before me a letter of Mr.
Stuart, giving his statement of the whole trans-
action, and I desire the Senate to understand it.
It is addressed to Mr. Kennedy. Mr. Stuart
says:
" Washington, July 29,1852.
"Sir : I have received your letter of this morning in which
you refer to the proceedings of the Senate yesterday, and
request me to furmsh you a statement of such facts as F am
acquainted with, connected with your claim for your official
salary. In reply, I have to state that, when I took charge
of this Department, in September, 1850, I found you re-
ceiving a salary of $3,000."
It must be remarked here, that the law to take
the census was passed in May, 1850; and when
Mr. Stuart came into the secretaryship of the In-
terior, in September, 1850, he states that he found
this individual receiving a salary of $3,000 a year.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the Senator allow me to
correct him ? I can show from the documents
before me, that he did not receive anything more
than at the rate of $2,500 a year, until after the
26th December, 1850; so that he could not have
been in the receipt of a salary of $3,000 in Sep-
tember, 1850.
Mr. DAWSON. Such is the statement of the
Secretary of the Interior. I do not know anything
of the facts myself, but I give the statement of the
Secretary. But he proceeds:
" This you continued to receive, as I believe, without ob-
jection, for some mouths. I then learned that objections
were raised to your receiving more than {§2,500, on the
ground that your functions as Secretary of the Census j
Board had cea«f*d, and that from that time you were to be f
regarded merely as ' Superintending: Clerk.5 The disburs- {
-ing agent havmg made a decision to this effect, the subject |
was broughtbefoie me officially, and on an examination of j
the law, I was of the opinion that you were justly entitled i
to $3,000 so long as the Census Board lequired your ser- i
vices; and that when your functions as Secretary of that >
Board ceased, you would draw your salary as Superintend- j
ing clerk, at the rate of $2,500 per annum." !
Here is the point of the whole question: '
" In pursuance of this opinion, I addressed a note to the !
disbursing agent, instructing him to allow you, in your dou-
ble capacity of Secretary oi the Census Board and Superin-
tending Clerk, a salary of (§3,000. A copy of that note is
herewith enclosed,{ No 1.'"
Mr. Stuart saw the condition in which the Con-
fress of the United States had left this question.
Cere was a man authorized to draw two salaries,
and he allows him to draw the higher for both
services; thereby excluding the possibility of his,
or anybody representing him, hereafter claiming
the unpaid salary. What could have been done
more justly, legally, properly, and officially?
Nothing.
Mr. Stuart proceeds:
" Thus the matter stood until about January, 1851, when
objections wererehewed by the First Comptroller."
This is the same Mr. Whittlesey who has said
that he will stand watchful and sleepless at the
door of the Treasury, and suffer no fraud to be
consummated, whether through the Judiciary Com-
mittee or by the passage of a law througn Con-
gress. He is a sleepless sentinel over the rights
of the country, independent of all bodies.
The Secretary proceeds:
" I was of the opinion that the whole matter resolved
itself into an issue of fact, viz: when did the functions of
the Census Board cease
There is the question, as I stated it when I first
rose to address the Senate this morning.
Mr. Stuart proceeds:
"I thought it was not competent either for the Comp-
troller or myself to decide that question; and thereby un-
take summarily to dissolve a Board established by law, and
composed of gentlemen quite as intelligent and upright as
oui^elves.''
I would ask the Senate, who gave the Secretary
of the Interior the power to decide the question
whether the functions of the Census Board had
ceased or not? Who gave the First Comptroller
of the Treasury this power? In conformity with
this view of the subject, what did Mr. Stuart do ?
He says:
" I addressed an official letter to the Census Board, under
date of 30th September last, (a copy of which I inclose,
marked 2;) in which, after reciting the facts, I requested
them to inform me whether their functions as a Boaid had
ceased; and ifsoj at what time ? To this letter 1 received
a reply, signed by Mr. Cnttenden and Mr. Webster, (Judge
Hall being at the tune absent, I believe,) a copy of which
is also inclosed, marked No. 3."
That letter is in these words:
Washington, September 30,1851.
We have received your letter of to-day, and have the
honor to reply, that we do not consider the Census Board
(of which we are members) as dissolved, or Mr. J. C. G.
Kennedy, the Secretary of that Board, as discharged from
office. The duties for which that Board was constituted
and the Secretary appointed, have not been finally comple-
ted. We regard the Board as still continuing, and the Sec-
retary a  still m office, and as entitled as such to the salary
of §3,000 per annum, and at that rate.
We are, very respectfully, yours, &c.,
J.J. CRITTENDEN.
DANIEL WEBSTER.
Hon. A. H. H. Stuart, Secretary of the Interior.
P. S. When the Board by its own official act shall be
dissolved, we will not fail to make it known to you.
J. J.C.
D. W.
Here are the persons who announced that he is
entitled to that salary; and they are responsible
for it, and not the Secretary of the Interior. Yet
the insinuation is secretly and covertly attempted
to be made that Mr. Kennedy practiced a fraud.
Now, sir, is it not unkind that the country should
be so impressed, and that a man in his position,
incapacitated, from his relations to this body, to
give a single explanation, should be driven before
the whole country to explain the honesty of his
position. It is easy to make insinuations, but it
is dreadfully troublesome to check them when
they get afloat.
Now, I submit whether this argument to-
day has not thrown an imputation before the
people, that there has been fraud practiced on the
Senate by this individual? I submit, honestly,
fairly, anci candidly, whether these imputations are
sustained? Where is the ground upon which to
£ase the insinuations ? That is the reason why I
feel some disposition, if 1 possibly can, to place
the facts before the country. But I will go further.
I have read the decision that the Board is in ex-
istence, and was in existence on the 30th of Sep-
tember, 1851, and its members claim this individual
as their Secretary, and say that he is entitled to
pay as such. Yet gentlemen here say that he is
not so entitled.
Mr. BUTLER. I wish the gentleman to un-
derstand me. I wish to put my propositions in a
shape that they may not be misunderstood. That
may have been their decision, but I may have a
very different opinion as to whether the feoard is
dissolved or not. I speak of the law as it is. I
did not intend to do Mr. Kennedy any injustice.
Perhaps the gentleman, while he is speaking, had
better explain, if he can, in regard to the letter
which Was addressed to me by the Secretary of'ii
the Interior. That letter waa to put this individual
on the footing of $3,000 a year salary.
Mr. DAWSON. I will read the letter, if the
gentleman desires it.
Mr. BUTLER. I wish the gentleman would
read it, because I do not wish to do Mr. Keiirredy
any injustice.
Mr. DAWSON, I know that. The letter is
in these words:
Department of the Interior, March 8,1852.
Sir: As some difficulty has occurred in regard to the
salary of Mr. Kennedy, who has acted in the double ca-
pacity of Census Superintendent and secretary of the Cen-
sus Board, I would respectfully suggest the introduction of
a clause into the supplementary bill which you propose to
report, fixing his salary at $3,000.
I think he richly merits it, and I can see no reason why
he should stand on a different footing from the other heads
of bureaus. Very respectfully, &c.,
A. H. H. STUART.
Hon. A. P. Butler,
Chairman of the Judiciary Committee, U. S. Senate.
Mr. BUTLER. I wish to put my proposition
in distinct Ianguage,for F wish it to go out exactly
as I make it. The letter which the Senator has
read was written to me by the Secretary of the
Interior. Its object was to put this individual on
the footing of the heads of other bureaus, and a
draft of a bill was sent to the committee. The
fact must come out as it is. That bill was sent
to the committee from the Department of the In-
terior, and it contained the clause which gives to
Mr. Kennedy $5,500 per annum, by any construc-
tion which can possibly be put upon it, because it
recognizes the then existence of the old Census
Board, and authorizes him to receive the salary
of Secretary of that Board. I say that if $3,000
alone had been claimed, there would have been no
fraud; nor do I say now that there would have
been any fraud if Mr. Kennedy, in introducing
this clause, meant to receive no more than that
sum. I will give him the full benefit of that; but
F do say, that if this clause were introduced cov-
ertly, to give him $5,500 a year—and it does bear
that construction—if he did it with that purpose,
and actually claims $5,500 under it, then 1 cannot
qualify or retract my statement.
Mr. DAWSON. Exactly; that is the very
point which I intended to get out of the Senator,
in the first place, both salaries were contained in
the census act of 1850, in the same law, but in
different sections. That would have controlled
the matter, and there could have been but one
salary paid; and under the act of 1850, the Secre-
tary of the Interior proposed to pay the Superin-
tendent of the Census $3,000. Now, I beg to
read from the letter of the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, in order to call to the attention of the Sen-
ator from South Carolina the real facts of the case.
The Secretary says:
"After receiving this letter [alluding to the letter of
Messrs. Webster and Crittenden] I directed the disbursing
agent to continue to pay you at the rate of $3,000."
Then it was that Mr. Stuart wrote the order to
the pay agent, directing him to pay that amount
of money, based upon the decision of the Secre-
tary of State and the Attorney General:
" This, I believe, was done until about the close of the
year 1851. Shortly thereafter you called upon me and
stated that the difficulties had been renewed in regard to
your salary; and after expressing your regret at the feeling
displayed toward you by some- of the officers, you stated
that, to remove all scruples, you had a thought of asking
an amendment of the law, which would make the matter
entirely plain."
After the unpleasant difficulty which had oc-
curred between the head of the Bureau and the
disbursing agent of that Bureau, he says that he
desired to have the matter closed by procuring
an amendment that would place the matter beyond
controversy, providing that he should receive
|3,000 a year. He came to Congress to apply for
it; and does any man presume that he practiced a
fraud, or that he could practice a fraud, on the Ju-
diciary Committee of the Senate ?
Mr. BUTLER., Perhaps he practiced upon our
ignorance ?
Mr. DAWSON. He never dreamed of such a
thing. The Secretary proceeds:
" I expressed my approbation of that course, and with
your concurrence, if not at your request, I addressed an
official note, under date of the 8th of February, 1850, to
Hon. A. P. Butler, chairman of the Judiciary Committee of
the Senate, referring to the difficulties which- existed, and
requesting of him the introduction of an amendment into
the supplementary bill, then before the committee, fixing
your salary at $3,000."
This letter was with the committee. The com-
mittee had the power of action. They looked to
