1198
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 27,
The title of the bill was then passed.
Mr. TAYLOR- I rise to a privileged question.
I move to reconsider the vote confirming the titie
of the bill, which has just been passed, and that
the motion to reconsider do lie on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. LOCKHART,from the Committee onTer-
ritories, by unanimous consent, reported a joint
resolution approving and confirming the act of the
Legislative Assembly of the Territory of Oregon,
entitled 'An act to provide for the selection of
places for the location and erection of public
buildings for the Territory of Oregon, and for
other purposes;' " which was read a first and sec-
ond time by its title.
Mr. CARTTER. T ask for the reading of the
jointresolution just reported.
The resolution was then read through, and
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, and
having been engrossed, was read the thud time
and passed.
Mr. LOCKIIART moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed, and to lay the
motion to reconsider upon the table; which latter
motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I move that
the rules of the House be suspended, and that the
House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. I hope the gentle-
man from Georgia will permit me to make a re-
port first.
Mr. STEPHENS. There are several gentle-
men who desire to make a speech upon the special
order, and I amongst the rest. I hope we shall
have a speech to-day. The House will soon ad-
journ unless we do so. I insist upon my motion.
The question was then put upon the motion to
suspend the rules and go into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, and carried
in the affirmative. Accordingly the House re-
solved itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, (Mr. IIibbard in the
Chair.)
HOMESTEAD BILL.
The CHAIRMAN stated, as the business be-
fore the committee, the consideration of House
bill No. 7, being a bill to encourage agriculture,
commerce, manufactures, and for other purposes,
on winch the gentleman from Maryland [Mr.
Bowie] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. BOWIE addressed the House an hour in
opposition to the bill. He maintained that, in-
stead of its being a bill, as indicated by its title,
to benefit the agricultural, commercial, and manu-
facturing interests, its effect would be to blight
every interest of the country. He viewed it as a
measure which appealed to the venality of voters,
and as one which, in its principles and policy, was
to be found in the decay of the Roman Republic.
The public domain, he contended, was the right-
ful and common property of the United States,
held for the common and general welfare; and that
the disposition proposed to be made by the bill of
this property, by giving it to certain persons or
classes, was subveisive of the trust reposed in
the United States. He looked upon the whole
scheme as another evidence of the destructive ten-
dencies of legislation, which, if persevered in,
must result in most deplorable consequences. [His
remarks will be found in the Appendix.]
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, next obtained
the floor, but gave way to
Mr. CHANDLER, who moved that the com-
mittee do now rise.
The question was put, and the motion agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose, and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, thechairman (Mr. Hib-
bard) reported that the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union had, according to order,
had under consideration the state of the Union
generally, and particularly House bill No. 7, being
a bill to encourage agriculture, commerce, manu-
factures, and all other branches of industry, by
granting every man who is at the head of a fam-
ily, and a citizen of the United States, a home-
stead of one hundred and sixty acres of land out
of the public domain, upon condition of occupaney
and cultivation of the same, for the period herein
specified, and had come to no conclusion thereon.
Mr. FLORENCE, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented a petition several yards long, signed by
citizens of the city of Philadelphia, in favor of ap-
portioning the public lands, in limited quantities,
to actual settlers; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. FOWLER asked the unanimous consent of
the House to enable him to introduce, for the pur-
pose of having it referred, a bill "to refund the
balance due to Massachusetts for disbursements
during the late war with Great Britain."
Mr. McMULLIN moved that the House ad-
journ.
Mr. FOWLER. I appeal to the gentleman to
withdraw that motion, to allow this bill to be read
twice and referied.
Mr. McMULLIN. I will withdraw it, pro-
vided the gentleman will renew it.
Mr. FOWLER. I will renew it.
The motion to adjourn was withdrawn.
Mr. FOWLER then, by unanimous consent,
introduced his bill; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. STROTHER asked the unanimous consent
of the House to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Buildings do
inquire into the expediency of reestablishing communica-
tions by bridges between the District of Columbia and Vir-
ginia, which have been broken by the recent freshet, and
report by bill or othenvise.
Mr. CABLE objected.
Mr. STROTHER. I believe the Committee on
Public Buildings is the proper committee. The
resolution merely calls the attention of the com-
mittee to the subject, and I cannot well see how
any gentleman can object to it.
The SPEAKER, is the objection withdrawn?
Mr. AVElliSTT. I object.
Mr. POLK. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to enable me to move to take up from
the Speaker's table, Senate bill for the relief of
Charles G. Hunter.
[Cries of t( Object!,J]
Mr. FOWLER. I promised to renew the mo-
tion to adjourn, when the gentleman from Virginia
withdrew it, and I desire to make that motion
now.
Mr. McMULLIN. I release the gentleman
from the obligation.
Mr. FOWLER. Very well, then; I will not
submit the motion.
Mr. POLK moved to suspend the rules to en-
able him to move to take up the bill which he had
indicated.
Mr. MEACHAM moved that the House ad-
journ.
Mr. POLIC. 1 should like to know if the gen-
tleman can make that motion whilst I am upon
the floor?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee must remember that he is not entitled to
make a speech, and is therefore not entitled to the
flooi.
Mr. POLK. I hope the gentleman from Ver-
mont witi withdraw the motion to adjourn. I will
state to the House that my purpose is not to press
for action on the bill now.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Vermont withdraw the motion to adjourn?
Mr. MEACHAM. I cannot.
The question was then taken on Mr. Mkach-
am's motion, and it was not agreed to.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question was then taken on the motion to
suspend the rules; and on a division, there were
—ayes 49, noes 24; no quorum voting.
Mr. POLK. If the House will permit me to
make an explanation of ten words, I will say,
that it is not my purpose to press action on this
bill to-day. I only want to put it in a condition
than it can be reached at some early day. I do
not ask the House to pass upon a question of any
importance when it is so thinly attended. But I
hope that, by general consent, theHouse will allow
the bill to be taken from the Speaker's table, and
placed where it can be reached to-morrow or the
day after. That is all I ask.
The SPEAKER. There being no quorum in
the House, it is impossible to take any action.
Mr. POLK. I hope it will be allowed by gen-
eral consent.
Mr. COBB. I must object, unless we go to
the business generally on the Speaker's table.
On motion by Mr. KING, of New York,
The House then adjourned until to-morrow at
twelve o'clock, m.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions, memorial?, 8cc , were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appiopriate committees:
By Mr. GAYLOltD : The petition of Isaac C. Hardy and
20 othpr citizens of Morgan county, Ohio, praying the grain
of UJ0,00U acies of public laud to aid in the construction of
a certain plank road within said county.
Also, the petition of James A. Adairand 50 other citizens
of Morgan county, Ohio, tor a post route from McComiel-
vtlle, via Hook's Salt Works and N. Coburn's, to Pri^hy'g
Ferry, m said county.
By Mr. MOORE, of Louisiana: The petition of Thomas
Hicks, of Louisiana, pra>ing to be confirmed in liis title to
a tract of land.
By Mr. MOREHE AD: The memorial of Alexander Ves-
tel and other citizens of North Carolina, asking Congress to
grant a homestead to actual setters in the Territories.
By Mr. BELL: The petition ot citizensof Dayton, Ohio,
m favor of the Western Farm and Village Association of
the city ofNew York.
By Mr. FLORENCE : The memorial of John Pollock,
jr., and other citizens of New York, prajing for the exten-
sion of the patent of Uri Emmons for a planing machine.
Mr. GROW: The petition of citizens of Bradford coun-
ty, Pennsylvania, for a post route from Lawrenceville in
said county, to Seely Creek Post Office, m said county.
Also. the petition of citizens of same county lor post route
from WyaluMnjr to Sugar Run Post Office.
Also the petition ot citizens of Susquehanna county,
Pennsylvania, m favor of intervention.
By Mr. STANTON, of Ohio: The petition of 1-21 citi-
zensof thecity of New Yoik, in lavor of Whitney's Rail-
road to the Pacific.
By Mr. STANTON, of Ohio.* The petition of 117 citi-
zens of the city of New Yoik, m favor of Whitney's rail-
road to the Pacific.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, April 27, 1852.
Prayer by the Rev. Littleton F. Morgan.
Mr. HAMLIN. I ask the indulgence of the
Senate for a moment in relation to a publication,
which 1 hold in my hand, connected with the dis-
trict judge of the United States court for the dis-
trict of Maine.
I find in the Boston Daily Mail, of April 13th,
a gross, uncalled-for, and unjustifiable attack on
the Hon. Asher Ware, judge of the district court
of the United States for the district of Maine.
It accuses him of being an applicant, with va-
rious others, for an increase of salary; and runs
a parallel between that application and an appli-
cation to increase the pay of one of the black mes-
sengers belonging to this body. It appears in the
editorial columns of that paper; but whether it
emanated from the purlieus of this capital, or was
written by the editor of chat paper, I know not.
I have risen for the purpose of saying that this
gentleman—who may, perhaps, be the only dis-
trict judge who is an exception to what seems to
be the general rule—has made no application
whatever for an increase of his salary. I learn
that there is no application before the Committee
on the Judiciary, in the Senate; and I have also
made inquiry ill the House of Representatives,
and there is no application there; and have au-
thority for saying that there is no application
whatever from him before Congress. J have felt
it just and due to that distinguished individual to
make this correction, that a contradiction may go
forth from the point or place where the alleged
application is charged to have been made. Of the
taste, tone, and spirit of the article alluded to, I
need not speak. My object only is to give a full
denial to what is charged, and that I have done.
1 need not speak of the character of this gen-
tleman assailed, but I may, without injustice to any
one, say, that wherever lie is known lie is esteemed
as one of the best district judges in the United
States.
Mr. BRADBURY. Perhaps I ought to add,
as a member of the Committee on the Judiciary,
that my colleague is entirely correct in his state-
ment. I know of no application having been made
by that judge for an increase of his salary. He
stands almost as an exception in that respect.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of the Navy, com-
municating information called for by a resolution
of the Senate of the 19th instant in relation to the
qualities of the several species of coal now used
by the Navy of the United States; which was
ordered to be laid on the table and printed.
Also, a report of the Secretary of the Navy,
communicating, in compliance with a resolution of
the Senate, the names of naval officers who have
received greater pay than is provided by the act
regulating the pay of the Navy, the amounts paid,
