288
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 15,
ittau appeals from the decision of the Chair, I
maintain he is out of order.
Mr. HOUSTON-. That is a communication to
t)fe House, for which I am very much obliged to
'the gentleman.
Mr. BAYLY. The gentleman is perfectly-
welcome.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
question is not debatable.
> Mr/HOUSTON. I was going to propound
this question to the Chair: Suppose that m the
morning, before the business of the morning is
taken qp, or before the Speaker has staled that the
business of the morning was the calling cf the com-
mittee for reports, I, or any gentleman, should ob-
tain the floor and move that the rules be suspended,
with a view of the House going .into Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union 
The SPEAKER. The Chair would decide as
he has in this particular case.
Mr, HOUSTON. Then I could not do it
during the whole day.
BOUNTY LAND BILL.
. The SPEAKER. The question pending is the
motToa to refer to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union the report of the select
committee on the joint resolution explanatory of
the act of 1850, granting bounty lands to certain
officers and soldiers who were engaged in the
military service of the United States.
Mr. TUCK. I feel I ought to make an apology
to the House, for attempting to occupy the time
which I deem it my duty, upon the present occa-
sion, to do, and that apology is this: The chair-
man of the select committee, who reported this
bill, has made a motion to refer it to the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, with
the avowed purpose of presently withdrawing that
motion, and to ask the House to put the bill upon
its passage. Inasmuch as the previous question
will in such case be called early, and that free dis-
cussion be presented, which ought to be given to
this bill somewhere, I have concluded to present
my views at the present time upon this very im-
portant question. In asking the House to put this
bill upon its passage, the chairman of the select
committee [Mr. Dun-ijam] is bound to do two
things: First, to show to the members of this
House that the bill deserves their approbation;
and in the second place, to demonstrate that it is
more deserving than any of the other laws before
this body; for otherwise, it is not expedient to
allow this bill to take precedence of all others—to
be exempt from those checks and the common
routine of enactment to which all other laws are
subject. For the extraordinary course proposed,
there can be no apology, unless, as I have said-
before, the gentleman can show that this is the
most important subject that can be presented to
us, and one which demands our immediate atten-
tion, to the exclusion of everything else. I shall
not expend much tune m examining what f con-
sider comparatively unimportant parts of this bill;
but I will, nevertheless, as I progress in my re-
marks, notice the several sections briefly.
The first section provides for the assignability
of land warrants. Well, this is a proposition
against which few, if any, have objections. I
call the attention of gentlemen to the fact, that the
proposition to make bounty land warrants assign-
able has already received our consideration and
our sanction. We have already, dispensing,by
common consent, with the rules of the House and
the ordinary routine of business, passed a law for
that purpose, which was sent to the Senate, and
is now under consideration in that body, and 1
havp been assured, within a few hours, that there
is no question but the Senate will give it their ap-
probation. Why, then, I ask, is it (hat another
provision to accomplish the same object is incor-
porated in tlu{s bill ? 1 know of no reason for it,
unless it is to make a proposition which receives
the universal approbation of this House, the me-
dium by which to impose upon the country and
upon us a measure which, if considered in its own
merits alone, would receive our condemnation. I
know of no other reason. There seems to be some
want of concert among those who have planned
this magnificent scheme, by which the proposition
for the assignment of land warrants was permit,
ted to get the start, pass the House, and go to the
Senate, without having attached to it the obnox-
ious propositions tacked to it in this bill. I sub-
mit that it is derogatory to the dignity of the pop-
ular branch of the Legislature, to reenact this bill
again. The Senate wilt attend to our action with-
out this repetition x>f legislation. I do not object
to the principle of the assignability or land war-
rants, proposed in this first section; but since this
matter was considered in the committee; since
conversing with the Commissioner of Pensions
upon this subject, and since hearing the unan-
swerable argument of my friend from Illinois,
[Mr. Bissell,] who addressed the House on yes-
terday, I am forced to the conclusion that the
method of assignment, pointed out in this section,
is impracticable—that it cannot be administered by
the officers of the Government.
W e now come to the second section, which I be-
lieve is intended to give currency to other parts of
the bill more obnoxious. This clause provides for
the payment of certain sums to registers and receiv-
ers of the General Land Office for locating bounty
land warrants. This proposition has many friends
upon this floor, and I wish those friends to under-
stand that their scheme is likely to be defeated, by-
beingconnected with the third, fourth, and sixth sec-
tions of this hill. Nothing can kill it sooner than its
attachment to these propositions. Their interest
lies in laying this whole bill on the table, and
bringing up their proposition upon its own merits.
Now, in regard to the paying of these registers
and receivers, I do not design to detain the House
long: the subject has been discussed by others. I
recognize the force of the argument used on yes-
terday. This section provides that registers and
receivers shall be paid a certain amount for locating
land warrants hereafter; the fault found by my
friend from Illinois [Mr. BisIf.ll] was, thatit-does
not provide for the payment of those who rendered
service heretofore. I am in favor of low salaries
for public officers, but I do not support or profess
any doctrine that compels men to work for nothing.
1 understand that many of these registers and re-
ceivers of the land offices have done a great deal of
labor in regard to these land warrants for nothing.
It seems to me that the question is, whether we
shall pay moderately and fairly for services per-
formed or pay nothing. I am in favor of the
former alternative. These registers anj receivers
went into office prior to the passage of the bounty
land bill of iiSth September, 1850, when by the sale
of the public lands they were entitled to a certain
'percentage. It was enacted by the act of 1850
that land warrants should take the place of cash in
the disposition of the public lands, and that they
should be located by registers and receivers for
nothing. Now, the very fact of making a pro*
vision that those who shall hereafter perform these
services shall be compensated, constitutes an ad-
mission that payment should be made to those
who heretofore have performed similar and greater
services. The registers and receivers have already
entered the great mass of these warrants, and by
the pro visions of this bill they shall have nothing—
not one cent for doing nine tenths of all the work,
while for the driblet of services hereafter to be per-
formed m disposing of the few warrants outstand-
ing and to be issued, we recognize the propriety of
payment. Now, if we enact any provision let us
do substantial justice, not only to those who shall
hereafter fill these offices but to those who, for no
pay at all, have done the chief part'of the labor.
1 come next to the third and fourth sections,
which embrace the great scheme of this bill—a
scheme to squander away a large, indefinite, and
unknown quantity of the public domain. It comes
here under the most innocent title imaginable—a
title that gives you no clue whatever to the char-
acter of the proposition, or the extent of land that
is to be appropriated under its cover. The title of
it is: " An act explanatory of an act approved 28th
September, 1850, entitled ' An act granting bounty
lands to certain officers and soldiers who were en-
gaged in the military service of the United States.' "
Instead of merely explaining, it contains new prop-
ositions unconnected with and as entirely inde-
pendent of that act as it is possible for one act to
be independent of another. It creates a new class
of bounty land warrants, the extent of which no
gentleman—not even the chairman of the select
committee, who ought to understand it, and who
several times has been called upon to state it—can
give us any idea. Does he rely so much upon the
rashness of this House as to expect we shall pass
a bill in relation to which we have no knowledge ?
I trust our action will disappoint him. If the bill
shall reach an engrossment, the first act of the
chairman of the select committee will be to move
that the title be amended, as it is now entirely in-
adequate to give any idea of the character ot the
bill. ' -
1 shall, before proceeding farther in the consid-
eration of the subject, say a few things in regard
to the public domain. I believe we are introdu-
cing a new method of disposing of the public
lands, and are changing the general policy of the
Government in respect to the same. I believe
this change will be hazardous to the hist interests
o£ the country, and that-we ought to. resist the
change that is taking place. The Government
disposed of the public domain at first in large
tracts to individuals and companies, but it was
early discovered that this policy was not only in-
jurious to the Government, but that it retarded
the settlement of new States, and was also dis-
astrous to those who became owners of these large
tracts. Some thirty-five years ago, the Govern-
ment changed its policy and adopted the present
excellent system, by which every individual, who
is desirous of laboring, and who is fit to be the
owner of an acre of land, can, by his own indus-
try, become a freeholder. We have prospered
under this system beyond parallel. Of late, we
| have been departing from this system; and so
I eager have many become to squander the public
• domain, that a great part of our labor here is to
I attend to the various claims which come up in a
| thousand ways for grants of land. When I ex-
j amine the records of Congress, and peruse the
| counsels and opinions of wise statesmen who
I have gone before us, and who have given their
' views upon this subject, I am confirmed in my
■ dif^0sition to oppose the struggle now going on
| among corporations, private companies, and mdi-
; viduals, to get possession, wider one pretence and
j another, of the public domain. We have pros-
1 pered as a nation, beyond all parallel, under the
j policy heretofore existing; and for one, 1 say that
j policy shall not be abandoned without my oppos-
j ing vote. *
j I wish to call the attention of the House to the
| fact, that the proceeds of the sales of the public
j lands have been pledged, as security for borrowed
! money, by the action of Congress, and that this
j land cannot be gpven away, as proposed in this
! bill, without a violation of the public faith,
j I send to the Chair, and wish that it may be
read, the 19th section of a law passed in 1847,
entitled " An act to authorize the issue of Treasury
notes, loans, and for other purposes." This law
was passed in reference to a proposed loan of
,000,000, with "which to carry on the Mexican
war. The section reads as follows:
"And he it further enacted, That for thp payment of the
stock, which may be cieated under the provisions of this
act, the sales of the public lands are hereby pledged, and it
is hereby made the duty of the Sccrctary of the Treasury to
use and apply all moneys which may be received into the
Treasury tioin the «ales of the public lands, after the 1st
day of Januaiy. 1848; firs-t, to pay the interest on ail stocks
issued by virtue of this act; and secondly, to use the bal-
ance of said receipts, after paying the interest afoiesaid in
the purchase of said stocks at their maiket value, provided
no more than par shall be paid for said stocks."
Now, by that act it was obviously intended that
the receipts-from the sales are all sequestered, set
apart and pledged for the payment of this debt and
interest. Secondly, after the interest is paid, the
remainder is to be kept as a fund to#pay that debt
now outstanding as it becomes due, or as it can be
purchased at par before it becomes due. And
thirdly, after paying interest annually in the pur-
chase of stocks, the remainder will be an accumu-
lated fund, to redeem the debt when it becomes
due. Now that is a pledge of the faith of this
country, which we are bound to regard, no mat-
ter what may be the ability of this Government,
as we think now, to meet the payment of this loan
when it shall become due. We have pledged
these public lands—we have pledged the faith of
the country to those who have invested in these
stocks, that we will maintain and preserve the
moneys to be received from the sales of the public
lands, to meet that payment. I have had the
curiosity to look over the yeas and nays recorded
upon the passage of that bill, in order to see who
of those now m this House aided by their votes
in pledging the faith of the country. Before I
read the names, I will say, that I do not assume
that all those whose names I shall read are now
ready to violate that pledge. I would rather as-
sume the contrary—that they intend to keep it.
