2062
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 4,
the law, which, it was thought, prohibited the
taking of $3,000, and amended that sentence of it;
yet it is announced that this was done-by Mr.
Kennedy! Why, the committee had the matter
.before them. They regulated it to carry out the
intention of this letter, and there was never the
most indistinct apprehension that fraud, or the
suggestion of fraud, entered into the transaction.
But is that all ? The Secretary of the Interior adds:
" I d em it proper to add that, in all my interviews with
you, you unifoimly disclaimed all right to the two salaries,
aud contended merely that you were entitled to the larger
of the two, viz.* $3,000."
Now, what is due to private character?—what is
due to the facts of this case? Establish the propo-
sition that there has been no fraud attempted—no
imposition anywhere; and that this individual has
contended for nothing more than what the laws
of the land allowed him, and to which he is en-
tided. Every act of his has been above-board,
fairly, and honestly submitted; and every pro-
ceeding which he took was directed by the highest
minds of our Government—Daniel Webster, John
J. Crittenden, and the Secretary of the Interior.
What does it amount to, after all ? He received,
according to the opinion of these gentlemen, $3,000;
whereas, Mr. Whittlesey believes that he was en-
titled to $2,500. When Mr. Whittlesey demands
of him the §500 which he says were overpaid,
how does he do it? He retains it out of what he
says is Mr. Kennedy's proper salary—$2,500—
until he refunds to the Treasury the amount al-
lowed to this officer by the opinion of Daniel
Webster, John J. Crittenden, and the Secretary
of the Interior; and then, in the letter which has
been read, the Comptroller says that he came to
the Senate and to the House of Representatives to
prevent the consummation of a fraud.
AU thisdifficulty is raised as to the pitiful sum of
$500 1 Why, it astonishes me that a question of
this magnitude should have led to such a furious
debate, and given rise to such tremendous feeling.
1 therefore say, in the language of the Senator from
Tennessee, that the simple question that we have
to do with is this: There are two salaries. Is it
the desire of the Senate to confine this individual
to $2,500 from the first of June, 3850? If so, let
us say so. If we are willing to allow him $3,000,
to which the opinions of the Various heads of De-
partments say he is entitled, and to-which he sup-
poses himself to be entitled, why not say it m this
resolution, and make the salary $3,000?
There is another suggestion which I wis.h to make
in this connection. Every other head of a Bu-
reau, even heads of Bureaus which are of less im-
portance, and which do notrequire so much intel-
ligence, receive a salary of $3,000 per annum.
Why, then, should this distinction be made?
Why should not this individual receive the same
salary? I regret sincerely that any such discus-
sion should have arisen. It was the most distant
thing from my mind that any such discussion
would have  ri«en to-day, or that I should have
participated in it. I would not have done so, but
from a disposition to see that this individual should
be fairly dealt with before the Senate and before
the country.
Mr. BUTLER. The letter which Mr. Whit-
tlesey wrote to me would never have seen the light
but for remarks which have been made here. I
should have made no disclosures m reference to this
- gentleman, because I might have done him injus-
tice. I have been delicate where the character of
a man comes in any mariner under my control. I
have never, leckiessiv at least, said anythingabout
it; But if it were Mr. Kennedy's deliberate pur-
pose to claim the two salaries, as Mr. Whittlesey
and Mr. Williamson seemed to think it was, then
it was evident that he intended to do it under this
clause; and I suppose the Senator from Georgia
{Mf. Dawson] will not deny that this clause was
prepared by him and the Secretary of the Interior.
Thus I'qualified my remarks, and I wished to be
understood thus far as saying, that if it was Mr.
Kennedy's intention to claim but one, 1 would say,
I would not impute to him an intention to defraud
the Government. But I will leave that to the im-
pression which may be-made by the letters them-
selves. The letter of Mr. Whittlesey certainly
made the impression on my mind which I have
stated. I em sure that under the'clausehe could
doit. There is no doubt about it. I-will say to
my honorable friend from Georgia, that, notwith-
standing the display of the great names of Messrs.
Crittenden and Webster, I never choose to be very
much awed, nor to rely very much on the au-
thority of great names; but 1 choose rather to be
governed by my own convictions. I will ask my
friend from Georgia whether, if these greatnames
should say that the office of the Census Board was
still in existence, he would agree to it?
Mr. DAWSON. I have not looked into the
question.
Mr. BUTLER. He certainly would be obliged
to do so if he takes them as authority in this case.
Mr. DAWSON. I have not looked into the
matter.; but I have too mucl> respect for the high
and honored names I mentioned, not to be influ-
enced by them.
Mr. BUTLER. I wish only to relieve myself
from the shadow into which I am thrown by this
contrast with the great names which the honor-
able Senator from Georgia has mentioned here,
and to say that this is a question which stands on
the truth of the proposition. The Census Board
is as much in existence now, according to their
opinion, as it was at that time. But I must say,
however rash the assertion may seem, that I will
stand opposed whenever so plain a proposition
has to be judged of by a common intellect.
Perhaps I should say, in this connection, that I
will not leave Mr. Kennedy under any imputation
coming from me rashly; and can onlv say, that it
comes in consequence of an act which would not
have passed upon the recommendation of the
Committee on the Judiciary, if my attention had
been given to it. It is not, however, wholly my
fault. It is an act which ought not to have passed
in its present shape; an act different from what
Mr. Stuart understood, and different from what
the committee understood. It is true, we did not
exercise due deliberation in connection with this
clause, and we must take our share of the blame.
I am willing to lake my share. But I agree that,
if the clause had been merely to give Mr. Kennedy
a salary of $3,000,1 would nothave objected; but,
as it now stands, he may claim both salaries.
Mr. DAWSON. It was the intention of Mr.
Kennedy to have it put on the ground that he
might receive $3,000.
Mr. BUTLER. Then let him have the benefit
of the disclaimer.
Mr. WALKER. This is rather an inferesting
question, although it relates to what many Sena-
tors may regard as a small matter. As f regard
it, however, it appears to me that there has been
a most extraordinary course pursued by some
members of this Administration, which I cannot
characterize by any word so expressive as one
which is used by the boys in the West—that
of " wiggling"—wiggling to give a high salary to
an officer of the Government. There appears to
have been a good deal of wiggling done m these
Departments—the first of which to which I shall
refer, is contained in a letter of the Secretary of
the Interior to Mr. Kennedy, on the 29th of July,
1852. I will read a part of it:
" Mr. J. C. fr. Kennedy :
"Sir: f have received your letter of this morning:, in
which you refer to the proceedings of the Senate yesterday,
and request, ine to furnish you a statement of such fart* as
I am acquainted with connected with your claim for vour
official salary. In reply, I have to state, that when I took
charge of thi^ Department, in September, 1850,1 found you
receiving a ivdaiy of $3,000."
Just at this point let me ask the Senator from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Davis,] at what time does
the communication which he introduced show that
Mr. Kennedy was receiving a salary of §2,500?
Mr. DAVIS. I find the order—and the ac-
counts agree with the order—of the Secretary of
the Interior, authorizing the payment of $3,000 on
account of the* services of the offices, dated De-
cember 26, 1850. That is the order of the Secre-
tary of the Interior.
Mr. WALKER. I have not a copy of the
j letter before me; but if I remember right, the first
letter states that Mr. Kennedy did not claim a
higher salary than $2,500 for a long period.
Mr. DAVIS. For upwards of seven months.
! Mr. WALKER. But Mr. Stuart says that
when he came into the Department, he found Mr.
Kennedy receiving a salary of $3,000 a year. It
appears, therefore, that Mr. Kennedy did not
claim this salary of $3,000 until seven months
afterwards.
Mr. .DAWSON. That fact is not made to ap-
pear. The Senator is making a statement as if to
contradict the Secretary'of the Interior. If the
Senator has the fact before him, let us have it.
Has the Senator the fact? I believe it is well
known that whenever Mr. Kennedy has received
any money as payment of his salary at a less rate
than S3,000 per annum,it has been received under
protest.
Mr. WALKER. As I wish to be perfectly
certain in regard to the matter, I desire that that
part, of the, communication of the First Comp-
troller, showing that Mr. Kennedy acquiesced m
receiving $2,500 for his services, may be read.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not know that I can readily
find it. It is a long paper; but I know that to be
the fact—that is, that it is so stated.
Mr. WALKER, Then, while I do not mean
to charge the Secretary of the Interior with false-
hood, I do say that the statement of Mr. Stuart
is false in fact; that he did not come into the De-
partment finding Mr. Kennedy receiving a salary
of §3,000 a year.
Mr. DAWSON. When the Senator makes
such a charge, I think it certainly becomes him
to do so either upon his own knowledge, or upon
such a statement of facts as cannot be disputed.
It is making a charge against an individual upon
false representations, which is calculated to wound
and, perhaps, to injure him, while it will not ben-
efit the Senator.
Mr. WALKER. I thank the Senator for his
lecturc, and 1 will endeavor to conform to his ad-
monition.
Mr. DAWSON. The remark was not intended
as an admonition at all, but merely that a gentle-
man outside these walls, who has no opportunity
of defending himself here, should not be treated
with injustice.
Mr. WALKER. I will repeat what I said. I
observed that I would be guided by the Senator's
admonition. I stated that the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts 
Mr. DAVIS. If the Senator from Wisconsin
will permit me, I will read to him the information
which he asked for a short time ago. The
Comptroller says:
"My decision was, that his office a« Secretary of the
Census Board continued to the 31st of May, because the
1st of .Tune was the day fixed by law foi commencing to
take the census, and the preparatory measures contem-
plated arid provided for by the act of March 3,1849, were
completed, «so far as that act was concerned.
"Tins was in accordance wiih the views of Mr. Clayton,
and of Mi*. Ewing, and of Mr. Kennedy himself, for ho ob-
tained pay by my decision to the 31st of May, 1850, which
wa^ the extent of his claim, and ail he thought he was en-
titled to under the law. Near seven months elapsed before
it flashed upon las mind that he was Secretary of the Cen-
sus Boaid, and entitled to the salary of .$3,000 per annum.99
Mr. WALKER. Then I repeat what I said
before, that if that statement of the Comptroller
is true, the statement of the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, upon whom I do not mean to charge inten-
tional falsehood, is false m point of fact; for he did
not come into office and find the Secretary of the
Census Board in receipt of a salary of $3,000 per
annum; therefore that is one point disposed of—
one on which the Senator from Georgia [Mr.
Dawson] based part of his argument. But there
is another point. There seems to be great doubt
among these wiggling gentlemen whether this
office was in existence. The Comptroller thought
that it was not; Mr. Stuart thought it was; Mr.
Kennedy thought it was. Mr. Stuart directed
that Mr. Kennedy's salary as Secretary of the
Census Board should be paid at the rate of $3,000
per annum—this was on the 26th of December,
1S50. Mr. Whittlesey resists, not being quite
certain whether the office is in existence. In the
meantime a letter is addressed to Mr. Webster
and to Mr. Crittenden making inquiries respecting
the existence of the Census Board.
Now, the first thing that strikes the mind of any
person is, that if an office of that kind was in
existence, and if its important duties were dis-
charged by anybody, there should be a mo-
ment's doubt about the fact. Is it not a strange
thing that none of the officers of the Government
seemed to know whether this office of the Secre-
tary of the Census Board, to which was attached
a salary of $3,000 and extra, existed or not?
Then the wisrg'ing commenced ! A letter was ad-
dressed to Messrs. Daniel Webster and J. ,T. Crit-
tenden, on the 30th September, 1851—a kind of
search-warrant was issued in order to ascertain
whether this office existed, and, if possible, to
find it; and on the same date Messrs. Webster
and Crittenden replied in the following words:
