1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1199
and the authority therefor; which was ordered to
be laid on the table and printed.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. "WADE presented a petition of Joseph
Hutchinson and others, citizens of the West,
praying the construction of an additional canal
around the Falls of the Ohio, on the Indiana side
of that river; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Roads and Canals.
Mr. SCJMNER. 1 have a memorial from the
American Statistical Association, which is estab-
lished at Boston, in Massachusetts. It is devoted
to the purpose of collecting, preserving, and diffu-
sing information in the different departments of
human knowledge. This association now asks
Congress, by an act or resolve, to appropriate to |
it one copy of the Journals and documents of the I
Senate and House of Representatives, and of the I
Executive Departments, for the present and for all |
future time, the same as is granted to other asso-
ciations, I ask its reference to the Committee on
the Library.
It was so referred.
Mr. COOPER presented a petition of citizens of
Pittsburg, Pennsylvania, and two petitions of cit-
izens of the United States, remonstrating against
any action by Congress to sanction the Wheeling
bridge as it now is, or any interference in the de-
cisions of the Supreme Court in that case; which
were referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Also, a memorial of practical printers of the city
and county of Philadelphia, praying the establish-
ment of a national printing office; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. BRADBURY presented a petition of mer-
chants, ship-owners, and others, of Bath, Maine,
praying the enactment of an act prohibiting the
carriage of freight and passengers for hire, by
Government steam-vessels, and the prohibition of
entry into any ports of the United States of all
vessels belonging to the navies of foreign Powers,
carrying freight and passengers; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. BAYARD presented a memorial of prac-
tical printers of Wilmington, Delaware, praying
the establishment of a national printing office on
the plan proposed by the Hon. Mr. Doty, of Wis-
consin; which was referred to the Committee on
Printing.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, presented the me-
morial of William Clarke, praying indemnity for
losses sustained under a contract for the delivery
of materials for an embankment at the navy-yard,
Memphis, and damages for a violation of his con- j
tract by an agent of the Government; which was j
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs. ;
PAPERS WITHDRAWN. j
On motion by Mr. GWIN, it was
Ordered, That Mariano G. Vallejo have leave to with-
draw the documents on the files of the Senate relating to
his claim.
On motion by Mr. SEWARD, it was
Ordered, That tile Committee on Indian Affair* be dis-
charged fiom the further consideration of the petition of
Louis Chatette.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, from the Committee on
the Contingent Expenses of the Senate, to which
was referred the memorial of Charles Gordon,
asked to be discharged from the further consider-
ation theieof, and that it be l eferred to the Com-
mittee oil Public Lands; which was agreed to.
Mr. DAWSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to which was referred the petition of
Geoige Talcott, reported a bill for the relief of
George Talcott, Brevet Brigadier General United
States Armv, and Colonel of Ordnance; which
was read and passed to the second reading.
NOTICE OP A BILL.
Mr. BRADBURY gave notice of his intention
to ask leave to introduce a bill providing for hold-
in"- the district courts in the District of Columbia,
incase of the sickness or other disability of the
district judge.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. BORLAND, agreeably to notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill to authorize
the correction of erroneous locations of military
bounty land warrants, by actual settlers on the
public lands in certain cases; which was read a
first and second time by its title, and refened to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. SUMNER, agreeably to previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill to en-
force liens in admiralty, and to regulate proceed-
ings therein; which was read a first and second
time by its title, and referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
CONVENTION WITH BRAZIL.
Mr. MASON submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was agreed to: \
Resolved., That the Committee on Foreign Relations in-
quire into the expediency ot' making the same piovision by
law for adjusting conflicting claims to awards made under
the convention with Brazil, winch is provided by the eighth
section ot an act appiuved March J, 1549, entitled " An act
$ to carry into etiect certain stipulations ot' the treaty Ue-
(tween the United States of America and the Republic of
4 Mexico, ot the second day of February,
COMPENSATION TO NAVAL OFFICERS.
Mr. HALE submitted the following resolution;
which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be instructed
to inform the Senate it any oilicers of the Navy are leceiv-
uig gi eater coinpeiibdiion than is provided by the act ot
jVfaich 'J} whether settled at the office ot the Foutth
Auditor or elsewhere, and e&pecially whether any of those
officers employed on the Coa&t Survey are receiving such
compensation.
BILLS PASSED.
The following engrossed bills were read a third
time and passed:
An act for the relief of the Monroe Railroad
Company and their sureties; and
An act for the relief of Isaac Houston.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill from the House of Representatives,
further to extend the time for locating Virginia
military land warrants, and returning surveys
thereon to the General Land Ottice, was read a
first and second time by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
PUBLIC BUILDINGS IN OREGON.
A message from the House of Representatives
was received by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announ-
cing that it had passed a jointresolution approving
and confirming an act of the Legislative Assembly
of the Territory of Oregon, entitled " An act to
provide for the selection of places for location and
erection of the public buildings of the Territory
of Oregon, and for other purposes."
j On the motion of Mr. DOUGLAS, it was read
| a first and second time by its title, and considered
as in Committee of the Whole. No amendment
being made, it was reported to the Senate, read a
third time, and passed.
WAR STEAMER FOR HARBOR DEFENSE.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of
' the joint resolution to authorize the completion of
I a war steamer for harbor defense, which Mr.
I Stockton,during the morning hour, had frequent-
ly solicited the Senate to take up. It was read a
second time, and considered as m Committee of
the Whole.
It proposes to authorize the Secretary of the
Navy to cause to be completed without unneces-
sary delay, the war steamer contracted for with
Robert L. Stevens, in pursuance of an act of Con-
gress passed in 1842.
Mr. RUSK. I would like to have some ex-
planation as to the probable cost, or whether the
act authorizing the completion of the steamer,
makes the necessary appropriation. These ex-
periments cost, m some cases, a large sum.
Mr. STOCKTON. Mr. President, 1 thank the
Senate for their courtesy in consenting at this
time to take up tins bill for a war steamer, shot
and shell proof. But, sir, I cannot consent so fur
to impose upon their courtesy as to attempt to do
what may be impracticable. If I proceed now I
fear that I cannot fulfill my obligations to the chair-
man of the Finance Committee, who wishes to call
up the deficiency bill at one o'clock. The clock is
now within five minutes of one, and I must, there-
fore, once more thank the Senate for their kind-
ness, and wait for a more favorable time, when
I hope the Senate will feel that they have an ad-
ditional reason for a renewal of their courtesy.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. Take ten minutes more.
Mr. STOCKTON, ft is now too late to com-
mence, and therefore I move to postpone the fur-
ther consideration of the resolution until to-mor-
row morning.
The motion was agreed to.
THE DEFICIENCY BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill from the
House of Representatives to supply deficiencies
in the appropriations for the service of the fiscal
year ending the 30th of June, 1852, the pending
question being upon the amendment of the Com-
mittee on Finance to insert the following:
For additional compensation for increasing the trans-
portation of theUnited States mail between New York and
Liverpool, in the Collins line of steamers, to twenty-six
trips per annum, at such times as shall be directed by the
Toalmaster General, and in conloi'niity to his iaat annual
report to Congress, and ins letter of tile loth ot November
I a -t to the Seeietary ot the Navy, commencing said increased
service on the fust of January, 1652, at the rate ol$33,t)9U per
trip, in lieu of the present allowance, the sum ot $-J36.5f)0.
Mr. SEWARD. What will Congress do—
what has Congress done—for theCollms steamers?
These are questions which meet every visitor re-
turning from the capital on his arrival at New
York, and which every traveler from America en-
counters, on 'Change in Liverpool and London,
and in the Courts of Pans and St. Petersburg.
There is reason enough for all this curiosity and
interest among the merchants and statesmen of the
two continents.
Mr. Piesident, under a contract with the United
States, made on the 19th of April, 1849, between
Edward K. Collins, James Brown, and Stewart
; Brown, merchants of New York, and the United
t States, those persons now prosecute, between the
! ports of New York and Liverpool, forty voyages
i across the ocean, or twenty outward and inward
j voyages annually,in steam-ships carrying freights
; and passengers on their own account, and also
1 public mails on account of the United States, and
) receive from the Treasury, as a compensation
; for that service, §335,000 a year, which is equiv-
i alent to somewhat more than §19,000 for each
j outward and return passage. The Committee on
; Finance propose an amendment to the annual
j deficiency bill, the effect of which is to increase
! the number of mails and voyages from twenty to
| twenty-six, and the compensation from $19,000
j to $33,000 for each voyage.
ought this measure to ee adopted?
[ I assume, for the present, that the existing en-
j terprise is to be perseveringly sustained. In that
view the question arises—
Whether the proposed increase of mail service is
expedient^
When this line was established, the British Cu-
nard steamers, consisting of seven vessels, were
making semi-monthly voyages and carrying semi-
monthly mails between the same ports during the
eight temperate months, and monthly mails during
the four other months; and thus they had a mo-
nopoly of steam ocean postage between the two
countries. We authorized the Collins line to carry
just the same number of mails, alternating with
the Cunard steamers; and so we broke up the
monopoly, and divided the postages of the route
equally with Great Britain. So far, all was right
and well. But recently the Cunard steamers have
continued their semi-monthly mails throughout
the whole year, while ours were limited to the eight
temperate months; and so the equality of postage
revenues has been subverted, and the early British
; monopoly has been partially restored. By the
1 proposed increase of mails we shall exactly alter-
nate again; and oil every day that ail American oi
European mail steam-vessel shall leave Ne w York,
one of the other line will leave the opposite port;
; and so the monopoly will again be broken, and
1 the complete equality of postage revenues will be
reestablished. We must do just this, or relinquish
in an important degree the great postal object of
! the enterprise. The Postmaster General and the
Secretary of the Navy, and the Senate'sCommit-
tees on the Post Office, on Naval Aflairs, and on
Finance, agree that the service must be thus in-
creased, if it is to be at ail continued. The in-
ciease, then, is not merely expedient, but even
! necessary and indispensable. _
| Assuming now that the ser\ ice is to be increased,
i, the question comes up— _
! Is the increase of compensation from §19,0UU lo
i; §33,000 per ri yage just iuid reasonable ' _
| ' It is lust and reasonable, if necessary. It is clear
that some increase is necessary. The proprietors
decline to make the six new voyages for nothing,
!: and even to make them for $19,000 a voyage. W e
1 cannot oblige the contractors to make them tor
|< that compensation, nor even .to make them
