1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Washington, Septemter 30, 1851.
We have received your letter of to-day, and have the
honor to reply, that we do not consider the Census Board
(of which we are members) as dissolved, or Mr. J. C. G.
Kennedy, the Secretary of that Boaid, as discharged from
office. The duties for which that Board was constituted,
and the Secietary appointed, have not been finally com-
pleted. We regard the Board as still continuing, and the
Secretary as still in office, and as entitled as such to the
salaiy of $3,000 per annum, and at that rate.
We are very respectfully, yours, &c.,
J. J. CRITTENDEN.
DANIEL WEBSTER.
Hon. A. H. H. Stuart, Secretary of the Interior.
What was the object of creating the Board ?
An act was passed on the 3d of March, 1849,
making an appropriation of $10,000 for the pur-
pose of making preliminary arrangements for
taking the census, and very strictly defining the
duties to be performed by the Board!. It enacts—
u That the Secretary of State, the Attorney General, and
the Postmaster General, shall constitute and be a Board, to
be styled the Census Board ; that it shall be the duty of the
said Board to prnpaie and cause to be printed such forms
and schedules a* may be necessary for the full enumeration
ot the mhabitauts of the United States; and also proper
forms and schedules for collecting in statistical tables,
under proper heads, such information as to mines, agricul-
ture. commerce, manufactures, education, and other topics
as will exhibit a full view of ihe pursuits, industry, educa-
tion, and resources of the country—it being provided, that
the number of said inquiries, exclusive of the enumeration,
shall not exceed one hundred; and that the expense in-
curred in preparing and printing said forms and schedules
shall not exceed $10,000."
Just bear this in mind. This act was passed on
the 3d of March, 1849, and makes provision for
taking the census; a subsequent act provides that
the census shall be taken on the 1st of June, 1850;
and yet this letter, dated 30th of September, 1851,
shows that the office was then in existence, which
is equivalent to a declaration that the Board was
yet engaged in preparing and causing to be printed
such forms and schedules as may be necessary for
the full enumeration of the inhabitants of the
United States; and also proper forms and sched-
ules for collecting in statistical tables, under pro-
per heads, such information as to mines, agricul-
ture, commerce, manufactures, education, and
other topics, as will exhibit a full view of the pur-
suits, industry, education, and resources of the
country. This disposes of the great names which
the Senator from Georgia has spoken of. Is it not
astounding that we should find the great names of
"Webster and Crittenden appended to a letter on
the 30th of September, 1851, stating that they
were discharging duties which should have been
performed on the 1st of June, 1850?
Mr. SEWARD. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him, if it has escaped his recollection, that
during the interval, a law was passed continuing
that Census Board ?
Mr. WALKER. No, sir. But all these search-
warrants for finding the Census Board show that
there could have been no duties for such an office
to perform. The only duties prescribed were those
which were named under the act of March 3d,
1849, and which must necessarily expire at the time
the census was taken. Now, it seems astonishing
that, at the end of a year and three months after the
census was to have been taken, Messrs. Crittenden
and Webster should answer that the Census Board
was still in existence, and that Mr. Kennedy had
not been discharged from the office of Secretary of
that Board. I say, it is most extraordinary; but
in that instance it must have been through inadvert-
ence that they answered as they did. They did not
advert to the law, it is evident; for they certainly
could not have given the answer which they did if
they had done so. Not considering or not know-
ing that the act was abolished, they took it for
granted that the Board was still in existence, and
that Mr. Kennedy was still in office. They could
not have said, after examining thelaw, under such
circumstances, that the Board was in existence.
They must have signed the certificate most care-
lessly, as it seems to me. Under the twentieth
section of this act, Mr. Kennedy received, as Sec-
retary of the Census Board, down to the 30th of
June, 1850, his salary at the rate of $3,000 per
annum. At that time the duties of the office
ceased. At that time he was transferred to a clerk-
ship, the salary of which was $2,500 per annum.
He received that salary for seven months after the
duties of the Board had ceased, and made no com-
plaint. Then, it appears, as he'could bring so
much authority to back him, he thought it would
be better to make the claim for the increased sala-
ry of $3,000. If he could get Mr. Crittenden, and
the Secretary of the Interior, and the Secretary of
State to assist him by their opinion in his favor, it
would be a good ground for making the claim.
And I do not attach so much blame to him either.
I attach more blame to Messrs. Stuart, and Web-
ster, and Crittenden, than to him. But there has
been a great degree of carelessness, and a lack of
inspection of the laws, as to what were prescribed
duties, which is most unaccountable.
It is impossible that the Census Board could
have continued down to the 30th of September,
1850. Why ? Because the marshals were re-
quired to make their returns by the first of Octo-
ber, 1850. Where, in God's name, is the author-
ity for such a statement as is contained in the let-
ters of the Attorney General and the Secretary of
the Interior, and the Secretary of State, that the
office was still in existence, and that they were
still discharging duties assigned to the Census
Board ? How is it to be accounted for that such
a statement is made, except on the supposition of
the most extraordinary carelessness and inatten-
tion, especially considering that, on the very day
after the certificate was given that the Board was
still in existence, the marshals were to make their
returns to the Secretary of the Interior, who was
then to enter on the business of classifying the
matter returned ?
Sir, we have been led astray in this matter; and
yet I cannot say that this has been so much the
result of the conduct of Mr. Kennedy as of other
gentlemen. The Secretary of the Interiorwas mis-
taken; and his letter is untrue in point of fact, in
which he said he found Mr. Kennedy receiving
$3,000 per annum. The Census Board are in error,
too, when they assert that that Board was in ex-
istence on the 30th of September, 1851; and the
whole of them are mistaken in this matter, except
Mr. Whittlesey and another gentleman, the dis-
bursing clerk in the office. They, looking to the
law, saw that the Census Board had ceased to
exist; they saw that there could be no longer a
Secretary of that Board; and they refused to pay
a salary for a Secretary to a Board which had no
existence. They have discharged their duty faith-
fully; and notwithstanding the objection of the
Senator from Georgia, I say that if ever there
was a faithful servant of the public, it is this man,
Elisha Whittlesey; and I will say here, that if
there be a Democratic triumph next fall, of which
1 have no earthly doubt, one act of mine shall be
to beg of the incumbent of the presidential chair,
for the sake of honesty and justice, to retain that
gentleman in office. I believe he is one of the
most faithful of public servants, although in some
matters his acts have been counter to my opin-
ions. I will, however, award him the praise which
I think he is justly entitled to receive. It seems
to me to be cruel, that that man should have to
bear one word of censure from the Senator from
Georgia, or from any other quarter. I do not be-
lieve that, whatever may be the character of the
next Administration, whether Whig, or Free-Soil,
or Democratic, it would be right to turn a man
out of office who has discharged his duty so faith-
fully as this gentleman has done.
Mr. DAWSON. As to the continuation of the
Board, I beg to read an opinion. Here is a gen-
tleman speaking in regard to the passage of this
law:
" One word further. I act on the principle that, jf it is
going; to trouble three Heads of Department** much, it must
be exceedingly troublesome to one, unless we reverse the
old maxim, and say that one head is better than three.
The duties devolving upon the Board, under the act by
which it was constituted, are nearly completed, it i* true ;
hut it is for Congress to determine to what extent they
shall continue to act. Now, I propose to set the question
at rest, by declaring that the Boaul shall continue to have
the control of the matter until the woik is completed.
I will refer to another letter which will put this
matter in a light still clearer. It is dated from the
Republic Office in August, 1850, and is addressed
to Daniel Webster and N. K. Hall, members of
the Census Board, and informs them, that their
communication had been received, and that, in
compliance with their request, they had ordered
the printing of more blanks. This letter was
signed by Gideon & Co., and was dated in Au-
gust, 1850, after the act for taking the Census had
passed. I find, also, in the Blue-Book, the sum of j
$43,479 39, which that Board paid to this firm. !;
That, however, is not before us noy. The only
object I had in referring to this, was to show that
in their opinion this Board was still in existence.
Mr. DAVIS. I have but a word or twio to add.
In the first place, after the remarks which have
fallen from the Senator from Georgia, [Mr- Daw-
son,] it is proper that 1 should disclaim ihe rao-
tives which he imputes, if he imputes any of them
tome. I have ascribed motives to no man. I
have given no character to the transaction- J.have
aimed at nothing more than to place the Senate in
possession of the facts as they exist, and to-draw
attention to, the legal provisions. Beyond that !
did not go. 7
I stated, in my remarks, that by the act of 1850,
the supervision of the printing of the preliminary
matter which remained, was intrusted to the Cen-
sus Board. I need not go into the details.pf that
matter; but you will recollect, Mr. President, and
others will very well remember, that the reason
why that was done was, that it was represen ted
to the Senate, at the time the bill was passed, that
! the printing was in a state of great forwardness,
! and nearly completed, and, therefore, that it was
proper to leave it in their hands; but, mark! they
were limited to printing " the preliminary matter,
and nothing else. Now, I say it was the clear in-
tention of that act, that if no "duty remained fee
performed after that act went into force, the.&uper-
intending Clerk was to assume the charge; b ,twill
any Senator undertake to say that any duties re-
mained to be performed after the 30th June* 2850,
which would warrant the proceeding that it is now
attempted to justify the payment of ^500, per .an-
num—a payment made after the returns of-the
Census Board were made, and the enumeration
and collection of the other facts completed ? The
Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. Walker} has
placed this matter m the clearest light. These
certificates were evidently intended, on their face,
and no other construction can be put on them, to
show that the Census Board continued duringthe
continuance of this office; and every one must see
that the duties ceased long and long ago, and that
nothing remained to be done after the 30th June,
but the payment of some few bills. That is all I
wish to say. I should be glad to have the ques-
tion taken at once.
Mr. BRIGHT. If I hud done my duty this
morning, 1 should have insisted on taking up the
Indian appropriation bill, which was the order of
the day, atone o'clock; but hoping that this djehate
would terminate, I omitted to do so, until it-was
too late. I will now move to lay the subject on
the table, for the purpose of going into Executive
session.
Mr. DAVIS. I hope the Senator wilj not do
that. Nobody wishes to speak any further.
Mr. BRIGHT. I will withdraw the motion if
nobody wishes to speak, and the question can be
taken.
Mr. BELL. 1 wish to say a word.
Mr. BRIGHT. I cannot withdraw my motion
, then.
' Mr. BELL. I hope the Senator will allow me
, an opportunity to say on* word.
i Mr. BRIGHT. 1 should be glad to accommo-
! date the Senator from Tennessee, but I am satis-
| fied that the consequence will be that it will lead
j to still further debate. But I will not resist.
' Mr. BELL. I think I may say with perfect
; truth, that I am guiltless of all this discussion with
i reference to the communications to and from the
j different Departments of this Government, and
; with regard to the question whether a fraud has
: been attempted to be practiced or not. I simply
urged a few words in favor of the reconsideration
i of the joint resolution, limiting my remarks to the
! ground that this gentleman was entitled to $3,000,
j If the resolution remains as it is, he will receive
i only $2,500 per annum. That was the sole ques-
tion before us; but other gentlemen, having differ-
ent views, have thought proper to involve the Sen-
ate in a discussion of two hours on subjects which
: do not touch the merits of the case, which should
' be whether he shall receive $3,000 or $2^500 per
! annum.
j One word more. I have said so much to show
j that I have done nothing towards getting up this
storm of opinions from the different Departments
giving advice to Mr. Kennedy, as it is said; that
I do not mean to maku any remarks upon that,
except to say that f do not think there is-sufficient
evidence that any Department has made any state-
ment which, under a fair view of the case,-ought
to be denounced as .setting forth that which is false
or should be so stigmatized. Nor do I think thai
