1852.
THE .CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
w
I find in this list of yeas and nays, the names of
Messrs. Thomas H. Bayly, Linn Boyd, Armis-
tead Burt, Orlando B. Ficklm, Meredith P. Gen-
try, George S. Houston, Andrew Johfison, George
W. Jones, and Alexander H. Stephens, who
all voted for this sequestration.
Mr. DUNHAM. I would like to ask the gen-
; tleman one question, and that is, whether he has
not upon this floor taken ground in favor of do-
nating land to actual settlers, and whether he is
not now in favor of it ?
Mr. TfTCK. I will answer these questions
when they come up. 1 defy the gentleman to
show any act of mine in violation of this pledge, i
I recorded my vote in 1850, against the bill of the j
28th of September'of that year. |
I have reason to believe that my neighbor from !
Georgia, [Mr. Stephens,] who was on the select
committee that reported this bill, will support it, !
and yet I have read his name in favor of pledging !
the faith of this Government to preserve this fund !
sacred. If the honorable chairman of the com- j
mittee could detect me in any inconsistency, or |
willingness to violate this pledge, which he cannot j
do, I ask him, if it would be a good excuse for
violating it on his part?
Mr. DUNHAM. Do I understand the gentle-
man to say that he is not now in favor of granting
land ti^actual settlers? Did he say no to that
(Question?
Mr. TUCK. I am surprised that the able chair-
man of this select committee should expect me,
or any man, to give an answer to a proposition—
a most important proposition—imbodied in the in-
definite language which he has used. lie knows
that J am willing to record my vote and express j
my opinions upon any proposition that may come
up, which I will do at the proper time. But I
shall desire to express my propositions for new
laws, in more guarded language, and in less sweep-
ing terms than those presented to me in the gen-
tleman's question.
In considering this proposition to dispose of
another portion of the public lands, so soon after
the act of 1850, we shall do well to remember the
vast extent of that law. We are informed by the
Secretary of the Interior, that by the law of the
28th of September, 1850, there will be about two
hundred and fifty thousand land warrants issued^
and that twenty millions of acres of land will be
appropriated. This land is worth $.25,000,000, a
sum large enough for bounty to soldiers at present.
Confident as we may be of the ability of this coun-
try to meet all its engagements, we ought to leave
these lands sacred to the purpose for which they
were intended. This bounty l&nd bill of 1850, I
opposed; and state this fact m order to assure gen-
tlemen that when 1 come to speak of the sectional
character of tl^e bill now under consideration, they
will not suppose me to be actuated by any sectional
interest in opposing it. f opposed the bounty law
when it was general, as in the act of 1850, and I
oppose it now, when it becomes sectional and spe-
cial. Although on many points I have the mis-
fortune to ditler with my neighbor from Georgia
before me, [Mr.Stephens,]yetin reference to this
bill of 1850, I am happy to find, by examining the
Journal, that gentleman, and also his colleague,
[Mr. Toombs,] on the same side with myself, op-
posing it. I assume that the gentleman from
Georgia [Mr.*Stephens.] could not find it in his
conscience to vote for the bill of 1850. He was
aware that the faith of the Government was pledged,
and it was not in him to violate that pledge. I do
not see how he can now support this bill, and I
call his attention to his vote in 1850, against the
bounty land bill, because if he supports this bill,
as I infer from his action on the committee with
me,fie will do, 1 wish the matter to be explained.
If the friends of this bill ask us to create a new j
class of bounty land warrants, I wish them to ex- j
plain their past opposition, and clear away all the \
obstacles that they possibly can, in order to enable j
us to go with them, if we can, and save all the |
self-respect possible in such a course. j
The 3d and 4th sections of the present act read I
as follows: I
uSec. 3. JZnd be it further enacted, That the act of j
which this is explanatory, shall be so construed as to include •
all commissioned and non-commissioned officers-musicians, ,
and privates of militia, volunteers and rancers, who were j
mustered into the seivice of the United States for the sup- j
pression or prevention of Indian hostilities, oi whose ser-
vices of that chdiacter were recognized and paid by the
United States prior to the passage of said act, and who
served the length of time required by said act.
Sec. 4. JintL be it further enacted, That in computing
the terra of service of the officers and soldieis of militia,
volunteers, and rangers, for the purposes of this act, or of
the act of which this act is explanatory, such term shall be
computed from the time they were mustered into the ser-
vice of and paid by the United States to the ume they were
discharged therefrom."
I call the attention of the House to this fact:
The Commissioner of Pensions, in his annual re-
port to the Secretary of the Interior, states that in
administering the law of the 28th of September,
1850, he has come to the conclusion that there
are some meritorious claims which ought to be
further provided for by this Government. He
has specified those .claims in his report; but the
provisions m this bill for a new class of warrants
does not touch any of the meritorious cases which
the Commissioner has thought alone deserved his
recommendation.
I would also direct the attention of the House
to another fact, and that is, that the propositions
contained in the third and fourth sections are
brought up as a spontaneous act of giving; away
the public domain. I do not recollect of any pe-
titions or memorials addressed to Congress asking
us to do any such thing as this. It is a magnifi-
cent work for gentlemen to bring forward, upon
their own motion, such a proposition as this, un-
asked for and unrecommended. It will be quite
another thing to pass it, I trust. What is the
amount of land to be appropriated by this bill?
Nobody can tell, and nobody knows. I have
asked the Commissioner of Pensions if he would
communicate to me some information in regard
to the extent of land to be taken by this bill, to be
laid before the House, in order that we might all
know what we were about when called upon to
vote upon the bill. Hesaid: "I cannot tell, nor can
anybody tell.** The bill is very comprehensive,
and will embrace a vast number of claims. It is
requisite that gentlemen should read over with cave
the third section, in order that they shoul%under-
stand what may be the effect of that proposition,
ft provides that all are to be allowed land who
have been mustered into the service of the United
States since 1790, or whose services in suppressing
or preventing Indian hostilities have been recog-
nized and paid for by the United States. There
have been a vast number of persons paid for ser-
vices in respect to the Indians since 1790, and not
one of them will fail, if this bill passes, to be
claimed as serving to suppress, or prevent, Indian
hostilities.
The law of 1850 gave bounty land to those en-
gaged in time of war in the military service of the
^United States. Tins bill gives land to those who
have performed military service in time of peace.
The beneficiaries of this act, from ]790 to the
present time, may not have seen danger, or the
enemy. If only they have had the ait to make
the Government pay for services, supposed to be
rendered to suppress or prevent Indian hostilities,
they are to be put upon the list of patriotic he-
roes, and be presented with a portion of the pub-
lic land, in token of a nation's gratitude. Those
who have seen other enemies than Indians are of
no sort of account; it is no merit to have served
to suppress or prevent other hostilities. Those
who have harassed the Indians are only remem-
bered in this bill.
The claimants under this act will be those
who have lived in the vicinity of the Seminoles,
Creeks, and Cherokees, and a few engaged in the
Black Hawk war, and Winnebago disturbances.
Those who served in any war with these tribes have
already been provided for in the act of 1850; and
the present bill is to give bounty to those who
hung upon the skirts of these tribes hi time of peace,
and who have had the good fortune to make the
Government pay them well for so doing. .There
is nota sixth part of the countiy that can have any
interest in this bill if it passes; while it is pro-
posed to take what belongs to the whole country
to bestow upon a few who have already been paid
all or more than they ever earned or deserved. 1
have never seen so sectional a proposition brought
before Congress. If we must squander the pub-
lic lands, we shall find more meritorious persons
in the offices m Washington, where men have be-
come incapacitated for other business by serving
the public for good pay in clerks' offices.
The Commissioner of Pensions has recommended
the flotilla men in the war of 1812, under Commo-
dore Barney, the marines who did duty on shore,
and-the men who were in battle, but not out long
enough to reeeh$ land by, die law of 1850. Why;
has the majority of this committee .passed ov§r all
that the Impartial Commissioner recommended,
and included such a multitude whom he did .not
and could not in conscience recommend?
the attention of the Representatives of the" people
around the Chesapeake and Delaware bays, whose
citizens have been overlooked 'in this law, to ex*-
amine the subject and look after their rights. " I
invite the Representatives of the old States, gen-
erally, to determine wheiher it'becomes them to
tolerate an enactment of this sort, when their own
citizens in the war with Great Britain are denied
bounties for services much more important and
hazardous-than the services of those who helped
remove the Cherokees, or watched the Seminoles
and Winnebagoes. The men of the whole north-
ern border of the country are forgotten or despised
in the proposed enactment of this bill. Why
are they left out of this bill, and no merit recog-
nized except in those who have seen Indians? <
. Mr. DUNHAM. I will ask the gentleman
from New Hampshire, whether, if they are left
out, all that class of men who were called out in
the last war, do not receive their bountyland under
the law passed last year? In every.ca^e where
the Government has recognized services upon che
Northern frontier, it has paid for them.
Mr. TUCK. The gentleman is mistaken; and
( in®order to correct his error, as well as to present
j the views of the Commissioner of Pensions.upon
. other parts of the gentleman's bill, I will present
j the following letter which I have received, and
send it to the Clerk's desk to be read:
Pension Office, January 10M, 1852.
Sir: In accordance with your request I have the honor
to piesent the following views in relation to the bill entitled
"An act exphmatojy of an 'Act approved September £Bth,
1850,'"fee.
The first section proposes to mako land warrants assign-
able, and to require that those assignment^ shall be executed
and acknowledged, or proved in the same manner, and
with the same formalities that deeds for the conveyance ef
land are executed and acknowledged, or proved, in the
State or Territoiy where such assignment shall be made.
It is suggested that it would probably facilitate business
to have uniformity m these assignments, and that the object
of the bill could be obtained by requiring that the justice of
the peace or notary shall cemfy that the party assigning is
well known to him, oi that his identity has been proved by
! the athdavits ot A B and V 1), known tohini as respect-
able persons and credible witnesses.
Most of the persons now claiming are living among their
friends or acquaintances, and hcnce their identity can
be readily established, und tliu^ many of the frauds prac-
ticed under the act of 1847 can be prevented.
The second section provides tor compensating the land
officers for their services in locating these lots.
The thud section is somewhat ambiguous* m its provis-
ions. It would seem to embiaee all the militia, volunteers,
; or ranpeis, whose services id suppressing or preventing In-
j dian hostilities, h<ul been ieeogm/,t'd and paid by the United
i States, and who haiftcrved the length ot tune required bv
j the act of 1A">0. The doubt is in relation to the scope an<i
| extent that should be given to the term "prevention," in
\ the bill, unless indeed it be the intention of Congress to
i grant bounty land to all the militia, volunteers, and rangers
whose services had been recognized and paid since 1790,-
and who had served the length of time requu ed by the net of
1850. If sueh be the fact, it would be well so to express it;
! and such expression would obviate the necessity of enact-
ing the fourth section.
The rule now is to allow all claimants for the time they
served many war sincc 1790, except of course those in the
Mexican war, for whom provision was made by the act of
1847. If, however, the dmation of mnce in wai as pre-
scribed by the act of 1850, is not to be regarded as the meas-
uie by which thivc claims aie to be decided, but the length
of time for vkkk their scmccs have been recogmzcd and
jmid by the United State-, of course the fourth section is
unnecessary, as its provisions are involved in those of the
third section.
The piovisions of the 5th section of 'he bill are'identical
with the conduction given to the first section and last
clause of the third section of the act of28fh September, 1850
and hence there i* no necessity for enacting it. '
The sixth section of this bill, alter authorizing the loca-
tion of vvariants oi land* subject to pi ivate entry at the time
of such location, directs that warrants is«-ucd prior to the
death of the soldier, and which were not located or assumed
hy the warrantee, shall mure to the benefit of his widow
if he left one; and if not, to Ins minor heiis. '
Thw is coutiary to the unuoim construction given by this
office to the act ofo&th September 1850. The first clause
of the 3d section of that act piovuies that tho^e warrants
"shall be located by the warrantee or Jus heirs at law "Un-
der this iU^> been held that wherever a wan«ua issued
before thewath of the warrantee, it was hi* property md *
inured to his heirs at law or devisees, who could locate the
same as thus provided hy law.
In the "til section there la an error, as there is no piovisa
to the 2d section ot'the act ol 1850.
I '1:lTe tbu.-qiven you my views liankly on (he provisions
ot tins bill, as requested by you. The 3d section of it, as
thus' constt ued, would materially extend the provisions of
the act of [£50, and require the icview of many cases, es-
pecially in the Jiiaek Hawk, Seminole, and Creek wars,
where wairants have aheady been issued, and require the
return and cancellation of those warrants, and the issue of
