1200
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 27.
any compensation, for they are beyond the con-
tract. No one else offers to make them on those
terms, or, indeed, onany terms. We must there-
fore apply to ^£r. Collins and his associates to
enlarge the contract. But opening; the contract for
enlargement opens it for revision. They consent
to enlarge, but they equally appeal to ua to re-
model it; and they show for reasons that while i
the average cost of each voyage is... .^65,216 64 j
The average receipts are only 48,286 85 ■
And that they incur an average loss of $16,928 79 !
And an aggregate loss annually of... $>338,574 40 j
They further show that a capital of three millions !
invested has paid no dividends, and been reduced '
by inevitable losses to a little more than two and •
a. half millions; that their stock is sold in "Wall ;
street at fifty cents on a dollar; and that, even if ;
they would, yet they cannot dispatch another
ship of mail after the 15th of May next. Some- !
thing must be allowed, if not for profits, at least
for renovation; and so the actual loss of each voy- t
age being in round numbers $17,000, it is quite i
certain that an increase of not less than $19,000 is ^
necessary to keep the steamers in vigorous and j
sure operation. i
All questions of the fairness of this showing are j
precluded by the offer of the contractors to rehn- :
quish the enterprise to the United States or to any
assignee indicated by them after the contract shall
have been remodeled, and by the neglect of any
other party to propose for a new contract, even on
the terms thus recommended.
So, the increase of compensation solicited is
just and reasonable, and is, moreover, like the in-
crease of the mail service, necessary and indis-
pensable.
Now, sir, we have arrived at the very question
of the whole question. We must do just, what is
thus proposed, or relinquish the contract alto-
gether.
The honorable chairman of the Committee on
Finance, [Mr. Hunter,] dissenting from his asso-
ciates, advises that alternative. Sir, with a pro-
found respect for that distinguished Senator, not
now for the first time, nor for mere effect, ex-
pressed, I must have his pardon, nevertheless, for
preferring the authority of his associates. Ex-
treme caution is apt to be the fruit of the patient
und patriotic labors of his office. An appropria-
tion bill seldom haa passed this House without
calling forth iV^m liim or his predecessors elo-
quent, yet groundless, alarms of an exhausted
treasury, and of impending taxation, if not bank-
ruptcy.
While we cannot, without wounding the national
sensibilities and impairing the national character,
abandon any great enterprise, it is equally true
that indecision is among the worst vices of the
statesman, and vacillation in the conduct of pul'hc
affaus is fruitful of national demoralization, und
indicative of certain national decline. Persistence,
when practicable, invigorates national energies,
discourages foreign rivalry, nnd prevents foreign
insult ami aggression. Compare F ranee—enlight-
ened, vigorous, and energetic, but unstable as
water—with England, cautious, constant,nnd per-
severing, or even with Russia, ummpassioned and
eoldas her climate, yet with her eyes unswervingly
and forever fixed on Stamboul, nnd you have an
apt illustration of my moral. Ncvei iheless, these
geneiul observations are inconclusive, and 1 grap-
pled, therefore, cheerfully with this great question.
If this enterprise must be abandoned, it must be
for one of two reasons, namely: either becnuse—
1. It was erroneously conceived; or because 2. It
kas been rendered unnecessary, 1 nxwisrt or impracti-
cable, by subsequent events and circumstances.
1. Was it erroneously conceived i To determine
this question, we need to ascend some lii^h emi-
nence of time, from which we can look back along
the past, and pierce, as far as is allowed to human
vision, through the clouds and darkness that rest
upon the future. Come, then, Senators, and sup-
pose that you stand with me in the galleries of St.
Stephen's Chapel, on a day so long gone by as the
22d of March, 1775. A miirhty debate has been
coing on herein this august legislature of the Brit-
ish empire. Insurrection against commercial re-
striction has broken out in the distant American
colonies; a seditious assembly in Philadelphia hns
organized it, and a brave, patient, unimpassioned,
ana not untried soldier of Virginia, lies, with
! hastily gathered and irregular levies, on the heights j
, of Dorchester, waiting the coming out of the Brit- ;
j ish army from Boston. The question whether ;
Great Britain shall strike, or concede and concili-
j1 ate, has just been debated and decided. Conces-
|j sion has been denied. A silence, brief but intense,
is broken by the often fierce and violent, but now
!' measured and solemn, utterance of Burke:
ii "My counsel has been rejected. You have determined
;i to trample upon and extinguish a people who have, in the
,i course of a single life, added to England as much as she had
acquired by a progressive increase of improvement, brought
on, by varieties of civilizing conquests* and civilizing settle
ments, in a series of l,70n years. A vision has passed belore
my eyes ; the spiritof prophecy is upon me. Listen, now,
to a revelation of the consequences which '-hall follow your
maddened decision. Henceforth theie shall be division,
gepaiation, and eternal conflict m alternating war and peace
between you and the child you have oppressed, which ha-s
inherited all your indomitable love of liberty and all your
insatiable passion for power. Though still in the gristle,
and not yet hardened into the bone of manhood, America
will, witino the short pcuod of sixteen month*, cast off your
dominion and defy your utmost persecution. Perfecting
the institutions you have not yet suffered to lipen, she will
establish a Republic, the first confederate repiesentative
commonwealth, which shall in tunc bccome the admira-
tion and envy of the world. France, the hereditary rival
whom, only twenty years ago, with the aid of your own
colonics, you despoiled of her North American possessions,
though they had been strengthened by the genius o< Rich-
elieu, will take sweet revenge in aiding the emancipation
of those very colonies, and thus dismembering your empire.
You will strike her in vain with one hand, while you
stretch forth the other to reduce your colonics with equal
discomfiture. And you, even you, most infatuated yet most
loyal pnnce, will, within eight year*, sign a treatv of peace
with the royal Bourbon, and of independence with republi-
can Amenca! With fraud, corruption, fire, and swoid,
jou will compensate England with conquests in the Ea^t,
and within half a century they will f-utiouml the world,
nnd the ttnti-ih flag shall wave ov<jr province^ covering five
millions of square miles, and containing one sixth of the
inhabitants ot the globe. Nor shall you lose your retalia-
tion upon your ancient cnomv ; for she, in the mean time,
imbibing and intoxicated bv the spnit of revolution m her
American affiliation.-hull oveitlnow «dl authority, human
and divine, and, exhausting herself by twenty-five years of
cai ii age and desolation throughout continental Europe, shall
at last succumb to ) our victorious arms, and relapse, after
ineffectual struggles, into the embiacesot an mglonou* mil-
itaiv de-.poti.Mn. Yet, notwithstanding all these unsur-
passed conquests and ti lumphs, shall you enjoy no certain
oi complete dominion. For. on the other hand, wild beasts
and savage men, and uncouth manners shall all disappear
on the American continent; and the three million* whom
you now de-qn>e, gathering to themselves increase from
every European nauon and island, will, within seventy-
tive years-, >piead thems< Ive- over field and foiest, prairie
and mountain, until, in your way to your ptovinces in the
Bahamas, they t-liall meet you on the shores of the Gulf
of Mexico. and, on yoiu return from the Eastern Indies,
they wilt salute you from the eastern coast of the Pacific
ocean, in the mean time, with genius developed by tile
. influence of fieedom, and with vigor called forth and di-s-
'! eiplined in the subjugation of the lorcst, and trained and
peiiected in the mysteries of ship building and navigation,
b\ the h.udy pursuits ot the whale iMienes under either
pole, they will, in all European conflicts, with keen s aga-
ctty, assume the relation ot neutrals, and thus giasp the
pii'/.c ol Atlantic commerce dropped into their hands by
fierce beJhgeieiiH. In the midst of your htudie-* and exper-
iments m hydraulics steam and elcctiicity, they will seize
the iinnrrietiet'd and even incomplete jnvention*, and cover
then iiveis with steam-boats, and connect and bind together
then widely-separated tern tones, with canals, i ail roads, and
l> legi aphs. When a long interval of peace shall have come
yout meH-hatits, combining a va-t capital, w ill regain and
hoid foi atime the eari\nig trade by substituting capacious,
biiov ant, nnd fleet packet-'-lnp*, departing and ai living with
<'A.ier punctuality ; but the Americans, quickly boriowing
the device and imptovmg on your s-kill, will reconquer their
commerce. Yon will then rouse nil the enterprise of yoiu
merchants and -ill the spi.it of yotu Government, and wie&t-
| in  the new and mighty power o( steam from the hands of
i j our inveterate nval, will apply it to ocean navigation, and
i laving hold of the commercial and social correspondence
j between the two continents, increasing as the nations rise
^ to higher civilization and come into more close and intimate
I relations, as the ba-is of postal revenue, and you will thus
icsioie your lost monopoly on the Atlantic, and enjoy it un-
! molested through a peuod of ten years. During that sea-on
| of tiiumph von will mature and pet feet all the arrangements
, tor extending this mighty dcvice ot power and revenue, so
1 a-s to connect c%ery island of the seas and every part of
j every continent withjour capital. But just at that moment
i your emulou-? nval will appear with steam-ship-* still more
i capricious,buoyant, and fleet, than your own, in your har-
! hor*, arul at oncc subverting your Atlantic monopoly will
1 give earnest of her vigorous renewal ot the endle&s contest
! tor supremacy of all the seas. When you thought her ex-
1 pclleU from the ocean, her flag will be seen in your pott?-,
i covering her chanties contributed to relieve your popula-
j tton stricken by famine; and while jou .stand hesitating
1 whether to declare between republicanism and absolute
' power in continental Euiope, her embassadors will be seen
! waiting on every battle-field to salute the triumphs of hb-
I erty; and when that cause shall be overthrown, the same
i constant tiag shall be seen even in the Straits of the Darda-
nelles, receiving with ovation's due to conquerors the tern po-
rfirily-oveithriAvn champions of freedom. Look towards
Africa: there you see American colonics lifting her up from
her long night of barbarism into the broad light of liberty
and civilization. Look to the East, you see American mis-
sionaucs bringing the people of the Sandwich Islands into
the family of nations, and American armaments peacefully
seeking, yet firmly demanding, the rights of humanity in
Japan. Look to the equator, there are American engineers
opening passages by canals and railroads across ihei&thmiu
which divides the two oceans. And last ot all, look north-
ward, and you behold American sailors penetrating the con-
tinent of ice in search of your own daring and lost navi-
gators."
Sir, this stupendous vision has become real.
All this momentous prophecy has come to pass.
The man yet lives who has seen both the end and
the beginning of its fulfillment. It i*, history.
And that history shows that this enterprise of
American Atlantic steam navigation was wisely
and even necessarily undertaken, to maintain our
present commercial independence, and the contest
for the ultimate empire of the ocean. Only a
word shall express the importance of these ob-
jects. International postal communication and
foreign commerce are as important ss domestic
mails" and traffic. Equality with other nations in
respect to those interests is as important as free-
dom from restriction upon them among ourselves.
Except Rome—which substituted conquests and
spoliation for commeice—no nation was ever
highly prosperous, really great, or even truly
independent, whose foreign communications and
traffics were conducted by other States; while
Tyre, and Egypt, and Venice, and the Nether-
lands, and Great Britain, successively becoming
the merchants, became thereby the masters of
the world.
But the learned and honorable chairman of the
Committee on Finance raises a question on awar-
' likefeatureoftheenterprise which hasnotyetcome
under our notice. Departing, after the most pro-
found consideration, from the ancient naval policy
which separated the National Ocean Police from
the National Mercantile Marine, Great Britain
constructs all the steam-ships employed in her
postal service; so that they are "good, substan-
tial, and efficient—of such model and strength
as to be fit and able to carry guns of the largest cali-
bre used on board her majesty's steam-vessels of
war," and they are subject to be taken in emer-
gencies by the Government at cost tor the public
naval service. And in this way Great Britain is
rapidly and steadily building up a new and pecu-
liar naval force, which will always be in complete
condition, and ready for effective use. The same
principle was adopted in the contract with Col-
lins and his associates; and the evidence is com-
plete that it has been faithfully and fully carried
out. The honorable Senator now disputes the
soundness of the principle itself, and insists that
merchant steam-vessels cannot be constructed so
as to be practically useful for warlike purposes. I
reply, first, that having, on such careful examina-
tion, and with such weighty example, adopted
the principle, we could not now wisely abandon
it without proof, by practical trial, long I hope to
be delayed, that it is erroneous. Secondly: No
ship-of-war, however constructed, is adapted to
all the exigencies of naval service; while these
steam-ships are certainly adapted to some of them.
Commodore Perry, on the 15th of February,
1852, reports to the Secretary of the Navy, that—
"These steam-ships (of the Collins line') may bo con-
verted at an expense of ^20,<)0u each into war ^earners of
the first class} and that each of them could cany four
10 inch Paixhan guns- on pivots, fore nnd aft, of the weight
of tho<?e in the model-slap Mis^eippi; and ten 8 inch
Paixhan guns on the bide*; and that this armament would
not incommode the vessel; and that, in the geneir.l oper-
ations of a maritime war, thev would render good service;
and especially that, fiom their great speed, they would he
useful a? dispatch ve.-sHs, and for the transportation of
troop-;, being always? capable, of attack and defense, a>id ot
oveihauhng and escaping from an enemy."
The Secretary of War reports to the Senate, on
the 20th of March, 1852, that the readiness of the
steamers to be used at the shortest notice, their
capacity of being used as transports for goods and
munitions of war, and their great celerity of mo-
tion, enabling them to overhaul merchantmen, and
at the same time escape cruisers, would render
them terrible as guerrillas of the ocean.
Thirdly. Great Britain has already more than
two hundred and fifty steamers armed and capable
of armament. What would be our situation, in
the emergency of a war, if we were unprovided
with a similar force for defense and aggression ?
But, fourthly. The warlike adaptation of the
steamers is a collateral and contingent feature of
the enterprise, which will stand safely on the ac-
complishment of its postal and mercantile ends,
even if that feature should prove valueless. These
steamers, at least, are built and in use, and accorn-
