1202
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 27,
entered the Thames. Skillful architects saw that curred to me, which brought my mind to think
she combined, in before-unknown proportions, the about it; and I am very happy to state, that this
elements of grace and motion, and her modest morningthere was laid upon our tables a document
challenge was reluctantly accepted, and even then which shows a fact that had passed through my
only for a tenth part of the prize she proposed, mind, and to which I wish to call the attention of
The trial was eraced by the presence of the Q,ueen 1 the Senate. On page thirty-one of the document
The trial was graced by the pre
and her court, and watched with an interest cre-
ated by national pride and ambition, and yet the
triumph was complete.
In the very hour of this, of itself conclusive
demonstration of American superiority of utilita-
rian inventions, and m the art " that leads to nau-
tical dominion," a further and irresistible confirm-
ation was given by the arrival of American clippers
from India freighted at advanced rates with ship-
ments, consigned by the agents of the East India
Company at Calcutta to their own warehouses in
London. Such, and so recent are the proofs, that
in the capital element of invention we are equal to
the contest for the supremacy of the .seas. "When
i consider them, and consider our resources, of
which those of Pennsylvania, or of the Valley of
the Mississippi, or of California, alone exceed the
entire native wealth of Great Britain; when I con-
sider, moreover, our yet unelicited manufacturing
capacity—our great population, already nearly
equal to that of the British islands, and multiply-
ing at a rate unknown in human progress by ac-
cessions from both of the old continents; when I
i page thirty-*
from the Navy Department, to which I refer, some
facts will be found. It is there stated, that a ship
of the line of the first class can be navigated for
twelve months for $287,500. Now, we already
pay to the Collins line, for twenty trips a year,
$385,000, or near $100,000 more. This line, I
suppose, employs from one hundred to two hun-
dred hands, but exactly how many I do not Icnow.
We already pay for twenty trip's across the At-
lantic, some §100,000 more, according to the re-
port of the Secretary of the Navy, than we pay
for navigating a seventy-four of the first class for
one whole year, with her crew, of from a thousand
to fifteen hundred persons on board.
Mr. COOPER. There are four vessels for the
Collins line.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I believe there are four
vessels; but I am giving the facts. We pay to
the Collins line, for employing four ships and per-
forming twenty trips, §100,000 more than it costs
! to pay for navigating a seventy-four. A frigate
of the first class only costs $186,000. A com-
parison of the cost of navigating war steameis
consider the advantages of our geographical posi- !, perhaps would be more to the purpose than any
tion midway between them; and when I consider, other. According to this report, thecost of navi- ;■
gating a war steamer per annum, is only <J190,000.
1 am unadvised as to how much time these four
steamers of the Collins line rest at the ports at
which they arrive. The trip is made in about
twenty-two days, and twenty trips would give, at
that rate, four hundred and forty days, or seventy-
five days more than a year for the running time
of the four ships, or one hundred and ten days
running time for each ship, on the supposition that
each makes five trips. This would leave them in
port more than two thirds of the year.
Sir, I am a Western man, living in the Valley
above all, the expanding and elevating influence of ,
freedom upon the genius of our people, I feel quite j
assured that their enterprise will be adequate to '
the glorious conflict, if it be only sustained by j
constancy and perseverance on the part of their I
Government. I do not know that we shall pre-
vail in that conflict; but for myself, like the mod-
est hero who was instructed to chaige on the ar- i
tillery at Niagara, I can say that we " will try;" {
and that when a difficulty occurs no greater than
that which meets us now, my motto shall be the ,
words of the dying commander of the Chesa-
peake—" Don't give up the ship." i
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Mr. President, 1 do not I
rise for the purpose of entering at large upon the j
advantages of a steam connection between the
United States and the continentof Europe for pos-
of the Mississippi, some five or six hundred miles
from any sea-port: and it may be presumed that I
ought not to speak on any subject connected with
the navigation of the ocean; but the great country
which I represent, has as much interest in postal
tal purposes. 1 am in favor of that object. I be- ■ { arrangements as any other portion of the Confed-
lieve it to be beneficial. I wish to preserve it, and !j eraoy. The great country from which I come
keep it up. But I rise to address myself partic-
ularly to this amendment, having made various
inquiries for the purpose of getting facts, and not
having got them to my satisfaction. I am wil-
ling to vote for the increase of six additional trips
per annum. I am willing to make an additional
allowance for these additional trips. But, then, I
apprehend that this amendment goes greatly be- j
yond the point of reason and propriety; and i rise !
for the purpose of submitting to the Senate some j
plain, pracliml facts; which, as it seems to me, will j
prove the ideas which I entuitain to be such as !
should govern our action. ;
We have had recently an application made h^re, j
by way of a memorial from Vanderbilt & Co., j
to perform the mail soivice from New York 1
through Nicaragua to Astoria, or, at all events, to
San Francisco—a much longer route than that i
from New York across the Atlantic to Liverpool— i
for $130,000 a year, the trips to be, i believe, as !
numerous a4* those from New York to Liverpool, j
Now, this is a startling f,vt to me; when you ;
already allow £385,000 a year to these navigators !
of the Collins line, here are persons memorializing !
you to pei form the service between New York and :
San Francisco at this diminished rate. It has set <
me to thinking about the matterr and to ask my-
self how is this difference to be accounted for ? I !
s-ippose the chairman of the Committee on the Post I
Office and Post Roads, whose business and whose !
pleasure I have no doubt it has been to look into 1
the performance of the mail service in every direc- !
tion, can give the Senate the facts connected with i
the California service, and with the European ser- :
vice, much better than I can. I shall hear him '
upon this with very great pleasure; for, as I have
already stated, both from a sense of pride in refer- 1
ence to this rivalry between Great Britain and the
United States, as well as from a conviction of its |
imlity, f am for maintaining this line, provided it i
can be done upon proper principles. ;
But, sir, my mind was not only directed to this
will have to manage, in the process of time, per-
haps the whole of this Government, aided by the
| weaker sections of it upon the sea-board; and it is
< time for us to look into all these matters which lie
: at the foundation of national prosperity. We
i ouorht to make ourselves somewhat acquainted
j with them.
I Now, I have referred to the annual expense of
: keeping our ships-of-war in commission, as afford-
i ins: some data of comparison. It costs only
I ^,190,000 a year to navigate one of our first-class
| v,*ar steamers with all h*r crew. How much
! these steamers rest at the different points at which
• they arrive, I do not know.
' This application for increased compensation for
I the Collins steamers is made on the ground, that
■ at the present, they are engaged in a losing busi-
'• ness; and that in the rivalry between us and
| Great Britain, we ought not to suffer the Collins
! line to £?o down. Weil, I have asked repeatedly
' to get the facts upon which this assertion rests;
and I have been told that it was sworn to before
| the committee, that the aggregate expense of each
| trip was $65,215; and that the aggregate receipts
i upon the average for each trip were $48,286 15,
and of course, the difference between the two,
1 showed, it was said, the amount of loss, to wit:
' $1K.9S8.
i This matter ought not to he estimated by the
> actual loss which any company of navigators may
sustain in point of fact; but ought to be estimated
by the actual loss which they necessarily sustain
after using all due economy, all due skill, and all
due management and diligence to make a profit.
A company engaged in any business or perform-
ance whatever, where money is concerned, may
lose an immense amount from the want of skill,
the want of energy, the want of knowledge, or the
want of economy. If the loss of profit results
from the want of skill, knowledge, economy, en-
ergy, and management, there is no propriety in
calling upon Government, or in calling upon any-
subject, from the consideration of the fact which !; body to make amends for losses which have thus
I have just mentioned, but other matters had oc- li been incurred. I had wished to see, in the very
beginning of this investigation, what were the data
upon which these losses rested, and where were
the evidences that all the skill, energy, manage-
ment and economy which necessarily should be
employed in conducting a great undertaking of
this sort, had been employed; and that, after the
application of all this economy, management, en-
ergy, and skill, these losses were the unavoidable
result of the operation. Nobody has turned at-
tention to this very element and foundation upon
which the calculation rests, and m>on which our
judgment ought to be formed. We seem to take
it for granted, that if a loss has been sustained,
the Government should bear it without any inquiry
into the system of management under which it has
occurred, and without knowing whether it has
been the consequenceof wasteful extravagance and
exorbitant salaries, or any other abuse which may
have been practiced. Sir, we should have had
minute information in regard to the various items
of expenditure, instead of mere general state-
ments that there has been a loss. If we had been
shown the particulars, we could have seen whether
; the loss resulted from causes likely to be perma-
i nent, 01- only temporary. Sir, I am unwilling to
| act in such important matters upon partial inform-
I ation, under the influence of mere declamation.
| No sensible man is willing to act, in his own af-
fairs, without the fullest information. An honest
statesman should he equally cautious in the man-
agement of public affairs.
It is the easiest thing in the world to sing paeans
upon the future glory of our country, and to ex-
cite that national feel'ing which grows out of our
relations to our old rival, and to stir up the pas-
sions of our people. But all that is foreign to my
present purpose in the investigation of the ques-
tion before us. The question with us is, whether
there is sufficient utility in this postal communica-
tion by steam with Europe to authorize us to con-
tinue it. The Government cannot pension a navy
for commercial purposes, and carry on all the
commercial operations of the country by bonuses
out of the Treasury. To pay a bonus to a com-
mercial marine out of the Treasury of the United
States, is but to take taxes from the people to he
handed over to those who bring merchandise here
to sell. But if you allow the people to buy the
products brought here, the expense lies upon the
consumer, and it is not an improper operation.
With regard to postal arrangements, the cor-
! respondcnce of the country, I am willing to make
I that an exception so far as this line and otherlines
| are concerned. But it comes around at last to the
! question, whether these losses spoken of grow out
! of the necessary operation of the line when coming
' in competition with British lines, after we have
! used all the economy, skill, and industry that we
possess. 1 have, seen, as yet, nothing in the
j whole of this debate coming from any one which
gives the foundation upon which that estimate is
| to be made. There are, however, some things
| upon which we may makeproper calculations and
[ deductions; and I beg leave, for a short time, to
' present to the Senate some of the calculations and
estimates I have made. I think there is a great
! deal in them. If there is nothing in them, before
I I am called upon to vote, I hope that gentlemen
j who may turn their attention to the subject, and
j those who have done so much more than I have,
1 will answer me,and satisfy me that lam incorrect,
i My first inquiry is, how much capital has been
! invested in this line? for when you have the
; amount of capital invested, you have the basis
j upon which to say how much interest, or how
! much profit should be made to constitute a fair
remuneration. We have the basis of that esti-
mate. We are told, by the reports laid upon our
j tables, that the capital invested to fit these stearn-
! ers ready for service, amounts to $2,944,142. It
j may be considered $3,000,000 in round numbers.
But I give the sums accurately, according to the
] documents, and that which we have gives
. §2,944,142 as the actual outlay to fit these four
steamers for operation. It therefore includes
; everything which belongs to them. Six per cent,
interest upon that capital makes only $1 /6,64R 52
per annum. Twelve per cent, interest upon that
! sum makes $353,297 per annum; and we pay
{ $385,000 a year. We therefore pay twelve per
' cent, interest upon the capital invested, and about
; $32,000 over and abovethat.
j A Government bonus, amounting to more than
i twelve per cent, on a capital invested in a private
