280f
THE CONGRESSIONAL- GL0BE.
Jan. 16,
of manifest merits, and that a committee cannot
. but report favorably upon it.
Mr. GORMAN. 1 will withdraw.
Mr. CARTTER. I do not want this bill to go
before the House with this manifest advantage. I
think I have some knowledge of it; and if 1 cor-
rectly comprehend it, it is nothing move nor lesa
than a naked proposition to pay a military officer
a salary, covering a period of time when he did not
hold the office. It strikes me thEft'bill was before
the Committee on Military Affairs at the last Con-
gress.
Mr. GENTRY. I hope my friend from Ohio
. [Mr. Cartter] will allow me to correct him m a
misapprehension. I feel confident that he would
not wish to prejudice the House against the bill if
he comprehended the facts. He is in error in the
facts which he states.
Mr. CARTTER. I will say to my friend, that
I made these remarks merely with "the view of
bringing the attention of the House to this fact.
They will find, when they investigate the bill—if
my memory .serves me right in regard to the in-
vestigation of it during the last Congress—that it
is a proposition to give him pay, in imitation of
pay given to certain other oiiie.er*—pay outside of
the provision for his payment m the mike that lie
held during the time.
Mr. GENTRY. My friend is entirely wrong
upon the subject.
Mr. CARTTER. I hope the House will inves-
tigate it,
Mr. GENTRY. It is to give him pay for an
office which he held legally and constitutionally—
that fact having bten decided by authorities com-
petent to decide it—but an office from the duties of
which he was excluded for a time by what has
been decided to be an improper exercise of Exec-
utive authority. The bill proposes that which is
in conformity with the practice of the Government
in all similar cases. W hen the Army was reduced
in 1817, if [ remember right—there being two ad-
jutant generals—the President of the United States
did not retain either, but displaced them both, and
appointed another man tie novo. The Senate of the
United States took the matter .into consideration,
and decided that, under the law, the President had
no right thus to act, and refused to r.unlbm his
nomination. It was made the subject of a fonnal
communication to the Senate by the Executive of
the Government, arguing the question at length,
and was taken under consideration by the Senate,
and ably discussed and reported upon, and still the
Senate refused to confirm the nomination thus
made; and so, in the Army Register for several
years under President Monroe's administration,
this office was reported as vacant, while legally it
was not vacant. Geneial .Tones was the adjutant
gener- l tic facta, and by the law; but by this'act of
the Executive he was not permitted to perform its
dutiei. When Mr. Adams came into power,
knowing fully the facts of the case, instead of is-
suing a general order to the Army to recognize
General Jones as adjutant general, and not wish-
ing, I suppose, to cast any censure upon his pre- j
decessor, he reappointed him, and the Senate con- I
firmed that appointment. This was founded upon
the previous -ict of the Senate, which had refused
to ai'liiHuvledge the vacancy, and constantly recog-
nize! him as the legal adjutant, general of the
TJniifjct >;t:Ues Army. This bill proposes to give
him_ the pay he would otherwise have drawn
through this period of time.
Air. CARrPEU. I wish to inquire of the
member ico:n Tennessee [Mr, Gf.xtuy] whether
he did not receive the pay of adjutant general
duruig the whole timeJ
Mr. GENTB.V. He did not. TL:* bi
ii..;' bjil pro-
nothing more.
—   pay <1 id ho i ecrive ?
Mt. GENTllY. He received pay as lieutenant
poses to correct that deficiency, and
Mr. CAR I i ER. What pay di(
of artillery.
Mr. CARTTER.
Mr. GENTRY.
rWas that hi«! rank? ;
- i That wa?4 his lineal rank be- '
fore he was promoted to Adjutant General. j
IVn. CAKll^R. Then he js ppid. !
i -n G,SPD]NGS- I would be willing that this !
r?'r 1,as?A,?Ut/?f courtesy gentleman :
fiom Indiana, fMi. Gorman,] but it is a practice !
against 1which I must be allowed to enter my pro- i
test, we have time to investigate every bill that !
is brought before us, if gentlemen will sit in this 1
Hall and uo our duty to our constituents, our- <
selves, and our country, We can examine them !
fully in the regular routine, but the manner we
are now adopting, of taking up certain favorite
measures and passing'them through, is doing in-
justice to the great mass of bills upon the calendar.
Now I propose that this bill shall take its regular
routine, go to a Committee of-the Whole, and be
taken up as it should be. We should adhere to
the uniform practice of this Housein former times.
Now, we'are giving .certain favorites the opportu-
nity of getting their measures through, while we
are neglecting others of e^ual merit. I have
nothing more to say upon this subject, except that
1 know nothing of the merits of this bill. I do
not speak upon the merits of it. But 1 say-it
should go to the Committee of the "Whole, where
it can be fully and freely examined and under-
stood, and passed in the ordinary routine.
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr.'Cartter, to,refer the bill to a Committee of
the Whole House: and it was agreed to.
The following bills from the Senate were then
severally read a first and second time by their
titles, And referred as indicated below:
The bill for the relief of the representatives of
Joseph Watson, jr.; referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
The bill for the relief of Rufus Dwinell; referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
The bill for the relief of Allen G. Johnson; re-
ferred to the Committee of Claims.
The bill to extend a patent heretofore granted
to John Shly, of the State of Georgia; referred to
the Committee on Patents.
CONGRESSIONAL LIBRARY ROOMS.
The bill from the Senate to provide a room for
the Congressional Library, was read a first and
second time by its title.
Mr. STANLY. If there is no objection, I
suggest the propriety of putting that bill upon its
pjissnge.
. [Cries of " Read it!" " Read it!"]
The bill was then read, as follows:
'•'That the sum of $1,200 be hereby appropriated, to be ex-
pended tinder the (hieetion ot tho* Commissioner of Public
Building*, (or the puipoye of fitting up the doeumeiit-ioom
and a portion of the adjoining: passage, to leeeive, tempo-
rarily, apoition ot the books of the Congressional Library."'
Mr. CHANDLER. 1 hope that the bill will
be put immediately upon its passage. If there is
no objection, I will move the previous question.
The SPEAKER. As the bill makes an appro-
priation, it requires the unanimous consent of the
House to its passage now.
There being no objection, the bill was read a
third time and passed.
The bill from the Senate for relief of Thomas
Snodgrass, was read a first and second time by
its title, and referred to the Committee on Indian
A lib irs.
The bill from the Senate for the relief of the le-
gal representatives of John Rice Jones, was read I
a fust and second time by its title, and referred to !
the Committee on Private Land Claims. j
1 lie SPEAKER .stated that all the business on j
the Speaker's table was disposed of.
On motion, the House then adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions, memorials, &.c., were presented
under the rule, and refeired to the appropriate committees:
By Jlr. HENDUFCKS*: The petition ot William Wil-
liams, a citizen ot Johnson county. Indiana, praym* that
he may bo authomed to surrender the title U> a quarter sec-
tion of bounty land, situate in the State of Missouri and
thai he may locate iiis wairant upon the tame quantity of
land subject topmnte entry, &c.
tty Mr. IVATiRKf DGE: The petition of A T. Cochran
and 7-^othcrs, citizens of Coining, New York, for a tele-
graph line from Fort Independence to the Pacific.
AJ.-o, the petition of 102 citizens ol Millport, New York,
prating for the lehet of Joseph C. Stott, postmaster of
MliipO:!.
J>v Mi. IIENN: The petition of James MeAvov, of
asking for relief. '
.Also, the petition of John K. Cook and 54 others, citi-
zens or Jovv.n, a-kmcr foi the creation of a new land district
hi the western pmt of said State, and for the location of the
land office therefoi at Kanesvilie.
Also, Uie petition of W. B. Ferguson and 25 others,
upon the same suhiect.
By Mr KOUBINS: The petition of Aid. Wm. Gallaway.
asking Congress to pay him foi cervices lemlered m taking
testimony m the ease ot the contested election in the fouith
Coiigicbviniial Distnet m Pennsylvania, in accordance with
a resolution of this House, passed January 21,1850.
By Mr. FULLER, of Maine : The meimual of Samuel
Adams, et nl.s citizen* of Castine, Maine, praying Congress
to tasa measures to have national disputes settled by " um-
pirage," rather than by an appeal to arms, and that nations
will war no more.
By Mr. BRIGGS: The memorial and resolution by the
President and Directors of the American Seamen's Friend
Society, in the city of New York, asking relief for seamen
at home and in foreign ports.
By Mr. KUHNS : The petition of. William P. Bowhay,
for compensation for services rendered the Goveinmentm
ship building, by his invention and improvements, hems'a
cogwing or a dowelling instrument.
By Mr. MILLSON: The petition of 37 citizens of
Princess Anne county. Virginia, asking authority to cat a
canal to connect the western extremity of Linkhorn bay
with Lynnhaven river and Lynnhaven bay.
On motion by Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania, it was
Choered, Th3t the papets of W. H. Dichl be withdrawn!
from the files ot the House, and referred to the Committee
on Invalid Pensions.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, January 16, 1852.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Rev. Mr. Butler.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
On motion by Mr. DAJNIEL, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papeis of William B.
Nourse, a passed midshipman m the Navy of the United
States, praying payment for tlje discharge of duties not
called tor by his lank, be taken horn the files of the House,
and referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. D. I move that the rales be suspended,
and that the House resolve itself into Committee
of the Whole upon the Private Calendar.
Mr. PITCH. It requires, I believe, a suspen-
sion of the rules for that purpose, aad I would ask
if the motion supersedes the ordinary business of
the morning hour?
The SPEAKER. The 29th rule provides that
Friday and Saturday in every week shall be set
apart for the consideratiou of private bills and pii-
vate business, in preference to any other, unless
otherwise determined by a majority of the House.
Mr. MASON. Then let us have the regular
order of business.
The question being put, the motion was agreed
to.
So the House resolved itself into Committee of
the Whole House, (Mr. Sevmour, of Connecti-
cut, in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN stated the first business be-
fore the committee was bill No. 88, for the relief
of William Greer, reported by Mr. Mace from
the Committee of Claims.
The bill was then read through.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I would like to hear the
report made in this case read.
The CrfAlRMAN. The Chair isinformedby
the Clerk that the report has not yet been re-
turned from the printer.
Mr. MACE. The claim of Mr, Greer is one
growing out of a contract which he had with the
Post Olfice Department, to furnish certain blanks,
| &c., to the poslnuisteis of the State of Georgia.
Under his contract, when he distributed this post
office matter to the postmasters of that State he
was requiied to take vouchers, and these vouchers
were to be transmitted to the Post Office Depart-
ment, amongst other things to avoid the payment
of postage. But it seems that at Savannah', the
postmaster, instead of doing this, transmitted these
vouchers directly to Mr. Greer; and for the pur-
pose of obtaining them, he was compelled to pay
the postage upon them. The postage amounted to
$60 25; and the Postpffice Department refused to
make this allowance, because they were not trans-
mitted to the Post Officc Department, and because
the Postmaster General conceived that he had not
{ the authority to make the allowance under any
; law. Had these vouchers been transmitted to the
I Pfcst Office Department directly, as they should
! have been, there would have been no difficulty
; about it. They were transmitted to Mr, Greer,
I and he had to pay the postage for them out of his
, own pocket. So the committee must see, that ac-
I cording to every principle of right, Mr. Greer is
entitled to this sum of money, with interest upon
it.
Mr. FOWLEli. When did this take place?
! Mr. MACE. In 1843.
| Thy bill was then ordered to be laid aside, and
! reported to the House, with a recommendation that
i it d/pass.
y WILLIAMS, STAPLES & "WILLIAMS.
The bill (No. 89) for the relief of Williams,
Staples & Williams, came up as the next in order
upon the calendar.
