2066
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 4,
The question was then taken upon Mr. Smart's
amendment to the amendment, and it was re-
jected.
The question then recurring upon Mr, Meade's
amendment, it was taken, and the amendment was
rejected.
The following section was then read:
"For proof-reading, packing,and distributing laws and
documents, including cases, labor, and transportation,
$10,000."
Mr. HOUSTON. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to offer the following
amendment, which comes in at the end of this sec-
tion:
For the purchase of such works as are immediately re-
quired for the library of the Department of State, §2,000;
for the remodeling of the library of the Department of S tate,
arranging and classifying the collection, binding the pam-
phlets which are contained therein, and preparing a cata-
logue of the same, $1,000.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment, and it was agreed to.
Mr. BOWIE. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in after the clause appropriating,
under the head of State Department, $1,000 for
miscellaneous items, viz:
Whereas the Congress of the United States, on the 23d of
December, 1799, " Resolved unanimously, That a marble
* monument be erected by the United J>tate<, in the capital,
1 ar the city of Washington, and that the family of General
'Washington be requested to permit his body to be depos-
ited under it, and that the monument be &o designed as to
i commemorate the great events of hi* military and political
'life;" which resolution remaining to be executed, to re-
deem, the faith of the United States thus pledged, and com-
memorate the inestimable services and tllmtrJOits viituei of
Washington, $100,000 is hereby directed to bo paid out of
any unappropriated money m the Treasury to the Wash-
ington National Monument Society, to aid in the erection
of the monument now being built bv that Society on the
public grounds in the city of Washington.
Mr. HOUSTON. It appears to me that the
amendment is not in order to this bill. I have no
doubt in the world that the gentleman from Mary-
land [Mr. Bowie] could get such a resolution
passed in either House at any time, if he would
allow it to he examined.
Mr. BOWIE. It proposes simply to appropri-
ate $100,000 to redeem the faith of the United
States, pledged in the year 1799, to erect a monu-
ment to W ashington, commemorative of the events
of his life and character.
Mr. HOUSTON, i submit the question of
order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Cluiiris constrained,
under the rules, to decide that, in his opinion, the
amendment is not in order.
Mr. BOWIE. A joint resolution in regard to
this matter was adopted by Congress as far hack
as 1799, and this appropriation is merely to carry
outin good faith that act of Congress. The amend-
ment is clearly within the rule.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is not advised
of any existing law authorizing the expenditure
proposed by the gentleman.
Mr. BOWIE. It is embodied in the joint res-
olution of the two Houses. I refer to the action
and legislation of Congress to satisfy the Chair of
that fact. I appeal from the decision of the Chair,
most reluctantly.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ma-
ryland [Mr. Bowie] has submitted an amendment
which has just been reported to the committee.
The gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Houston]
snakes a question of order. The Chair decides
that the amendment submitted by the gentleman
from Maryland [Mr. Bowie] is not in order under
the 381st rule, which reads, " that no appropria-
tion shall be reported in such general appropria-
tion bills or be in order thereto for any expendi-
ture not previously authorized by law." The
erentleman from Maryland [Mr. Bowie] appeals
from this decision of the Chair, and the question
now is, " Shall the decision of the Chair stand as
the judgment of the committee'"
Mr. BOWIE. Will the Chair permit me to
state my reasons for the appeal? The rule is, that
no amendment or no appropriation shall be moved
as an amendment to the civil and diplomatic ap-
propriation bill, except in conformity with some
previous law.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will also an-
nounce as another reason, that the amendment
proposed is not germane to the bill, in the opinion
of the Chair. For both reasons, now stated, the
Chair rules the amendment out of order.
Mr. BOWIE. I beg indulgence of the Chair
merely to reply to the first reason assigned. There
is a joint resolution of Congress making it obliga-
tory and requiring that this work shall be done,
but it has never been executed. 1 wish to carry
out that law.
The CHAIRMAN. Discussion is not in order.
The question is, " Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the committee?"
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, demanded tell-
ers; which were ordered.
The question was then taken, Messrs. Stan-
ton, of Tennessee,and Fowler acting as tellers,
and there were—ayes 80, noes 39.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
The following clause of the bill was read, viz:
ilNorthra<<t Kv.ecidire Building.—For compensation of
the supeihitendent and four watchmen of the northeast
executive building, .^2,*250."
Mr. STANTON,of Kentucky,moved to amend
the above clause by adding thereto the following:
And that the two watchmen employed on the two wings
of the Capitol fchaJI have the same police powers which are
imposed bj' law upon the regular police of the Capitol, and
receive a salary of .$730 per annum, being the sum they
now receive, and continued no longer than the completion
ol the building.
?*lr.S. said: It will be seen, by that amendment,
sir, that the object of it is not to increase the sal-
ary of these men. It is not to take one single dol-
lar out of the Treasury more than will be taken
out of it anyhow. The simple purpose of the
amendment is to clothe these men with police pow-
ers to enable them to aid the regular police of the
Capitol in suppressing riots, preventing depreda-
tions from being committed upon the work, and
protecting the materials.
The chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means yesterday, when I presented a similar
amendment, and made the same explanation, held
up to me a little book, which, he said, contained
estimates from the Secratary of the Treasury, and,
inasmuch as he could not find any estimate made
for this appointment, he therefore could not go for
it. The gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,]
his colleague upon that committee, opposed the
amendment without understanding what the ob-
ject of it was, and led, perhaps, the House to be-
lieve that the design was to increase the salaries of
these men, to fasten them upon the Treasury at a
higher rate of pay than they had before. I ex-
plained to him thatsuch was not the object of the
amendment, nor is it the object of the amendment.
It is simply for the purpose I intimated. ! do not
know liosv it is, or why it is, that we should sit
here merely for the purpose of doing what the
Committee of Ways and Means think proper to
dictate to us. There are other committees in this
House. This amendment comes from my com-
mittee, which is the Committee on Public Build-
ings. We have investigated it. It has been rec-
ommended by the proper officers of the Govern-
ment, and officers whom the law requires should
make lecommend.uinns to our committee, and we
repoit them to the House. But we are told, sir,
when such a proposition is made from our com-
mittee, that it has not been before the Committee
of Ways and Means, and that the estimates are
not presented in the Secretary of the Treasury's
report, and that, therefore, the House should not
vote for it. I make these remarks to show that I,
for one, am not disposed to sit quietly in my seat
here, and do whatever the Committee of Ways
and Means may think proper to dictate to me and
to the House.
They may say now that this is not provided for
by law, and therefore it cannot, under the decision
of the Chair, come under the rule. Well now,
| sir, it is provided for by law. The President has
I been given power by this House, and the other
! branch of Congress, to carry on this improvement
I of the Capitol. Pie has full power to do it. He
| has power to appoint an architect, to appoint a
] superintendent, and to appoint all other officers
I that aie necessary to carry out the objects of the
| law. These men were said yesterday not to have
i been appointed according to law. Now, are they
| not appointed according to law? You have given
; the President power to do it. You have given
, him money to do it. You have given him all the
' requisites to carry out these objects, and this is
; one of them. The law does provide for it, and
i I hope the House will adopt the amendment, and
| let these men have the authority which is neces-
j sary to enable them to discharge their duty.
I IVir. JONES, of Tennessee. The gentleman
from Kentucky has made a very extraordinary
speech in support of his amendment. In the firsfc
place, sir, I attempted no such thing as to mislead
the House yesterday with regard to his amend-
ment. I merely stated the number of policemen
here, and the compensation they received; and,
sir, if the gentleman has a committee, and is not
disposed to sit silent and permit others to get their
bills in, let him report the bills which ought to
come from his committee, and ask the House to
consider and pass them. Again, siry the gentle-
man says that you have invested the present Presi-
dent with power to appoint an architect and all
these officers, and that it is in accordance with
law. I do not controvert that; but if it is as he
says, why the necessity of reenacting that law?
Why not let it stand, as I said yesterday—which
I believe is the better policy—under the superin-
tendence and supervision of the President and the
architect of these two wings, until the building
shall be completed; and then, if it is right to have
the permanent police of the Capitol increased, it
will be time enough to do it. Why is this amend-
ment brought in here at this time? If all this
power is vested in the President and the archi-
tect, and they have the power to appoint a police,
and they have exercised that power legitimately—
which I do not pretend to controvert—there is,
according to the gentleman's own snowing, no
necessity for any legislation upon this subject at
this time.
Again, I say, that it is wrong for this House, or
Congress, to recognize by the amendment a per-
manent police about this building under an ap-
pointment by the architect. If they have to
be increased, do it, sir, according to law, and
as it should be done. If this temporary police
are wanted, as I understand it from the gentle-
man himself—by the architect—for the purpose
of watching and protecting the building, and the
tools which the workmen may leave there, then I
say this is all legitimate and proper under the law
vesting the President with the power of appoint-
ing an architect; and there is no necessity, [ again
say, for its coming into this bill at this time.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I propose to
amend the amendment by striking out $30, and
inserting $50, so as to make the salaries $750 per
annum.
Mr. S. said: The question upon this amend-
ment lies in a nut-shell. It is whether the police
officers appointed by the architect for the pur-
poses which are admitted even by my colleague to
be useful and proper, shall be clothed with police
powers. I presume there is nobody here who will
differ as to the importance of that point; and no-
body will refuse to give them that power. Then
there is another question involved in that amend-
ment—whether the salaries of these men shall be
paid out of the appropriation for the Capitol, or
paid outof the common Treasury ? It is a matter of
no consequence whether it comes out of that ap-
propriation, or whether it comes out of the Treas-
ury by appropriation in this bill. I presume
there can be no question about that. The import-
ant point is as to police powers.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. Will thegen-
tleman from Tennessee permit me to explain ' I
will say that the amendment does not propose to
pay these police officers out of the Treasury, but
to pay them out of the funds from which they
have already received their money.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. Then I was
mistaken on that point. There is another point
upon which I desire to say a word, and I address
myself particularly to my friends upon this side of
the House.
Now, when they will point out any particular
item that is extravagant in the expenditures of
this Administration, that is wrong, improper in
itself, and illegal, I shall be as ready to condemn
it as any man upon this floor, and to hold the
Administration responsible for these illegal or ex-
travagant expenditures, or for any conduct of the
Administration that may make such expenditure
unnecessary. But when my friends upon this
side of the House go into the approaching presi-
dential canvass upon the principle that the ex-
penditures of this "Administration amount to such
an enormous sum 
Mr. HOUSTON. I call the gentleman to or-
der.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman must con-
fine his remarks to his amendment.
