1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1205
the sum which I think would be reasonable. I
think I can stand $25,000 a trip; but I cannot go
beyond that. From the view which I have of the
subject, I would be willing to allow that amount:
a naif it will not enable this line to go on, I am
pretty much inclined to think that we had better
put an end to it. If it is to come to this, that
when lines are started from every part of the
country we are to reimburse to their proprietors,
within foiir years the capital which they have in-
vested in them, I cannot consent to it. It ought
not to be done, and I hope it will not he done.
But as we are about to allow this line, and as I
am anxious to allow this line to perform additional
trips with the view of making the competition be-
tween it and the Cunard line complete as regards
the amount of trips, I am for enlarging the com-
pensation somewhat. I believe it would be bet-
ter for these parties to take $20,000 per trip,
(which is about the amount that they now re-
ceive,) for twenty-six trips, than for twenty trips;
for I suppose it would be better for them to keep
their ships in motion, but I have not sufficient
information to form an opinion as to that point.
I have now indicated my difficulties. Ihavein-
dicated my wishes. I shall sustain them by my
vote. T cannot vote for the amendment as it now
stands.
Mr. JAMES. I have a few remarks which I
would like to make on this question; but as the
hour is late, and as it is desirable to have an
Executive session, I move to postpone the further
consideration of the subject until to-morrow at
one o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion by Mr. HUNTER, the Senate pro-
oeeded to the consideration of Executive business, !
and after some time spent therein, the doors were I
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, Jlpril 27, 1852.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Rev. Littleton F. Morgan.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER announced, as the first busi-
ness beh>r« 1lie House, reports from the Commit-
tee on Public Hands.
Mr. MOORE, of Pennsylvania. We have a
very important matter before the House, upon
which we shall be called to vote in a day or two;
and 1 therefore move that the rules be suspended,
and that the House resoh e itself into the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union on the
special order.
Mr. DEAN. If the gentleman will withhold
that motion for one moment, I desire to ask the
unanimous consent cf the House to report a pri-
vate bill, and have it referred to a Committee of
the Whole House, I shall have to leave town to-
night or to-morrow morning.
Air. HENN. i object.
Mr. HOUSTON. I hope we shall have the
call of committees during the morning hour.
The question was then taken on Mr. Moore's
motion, and, on a division , there were—ayes 63,
noes 56; no quorum voting.
Mr. HOUSTON demanded tellers; which were
ordered; and Messrs. "Williams, and Johxson
of Arkansas, were appointed.
And the question being again put, it was deci-
ded in the affirmative--ayes 72, noes not counted.
THE HOMESTEAD BILL-
The rules were accordingly suspended, and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Hibbard
m the choir.)
The CHAIRMAN stated, as the business be-
fore the committee, the consideration of House
bill No. 7, being a bill to encourage agriculture,
commerce, manufactures, and for other purposes;
on which the gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Ste-
phen's] was entitled to the floor.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, addressed the
committee an hour. In regard to this bill he took
occasion to say, that, if the public lands were to be
disposed of as indicated by the action of the last
Congress, in the form of grants, he was decidedly
>), fiivor of disposing of them m the manner pro-
vided for hv this bill. lie preferred this mode
of benefaction to the poor men of the country to
that wholesale system of giving the lands to rail-
road companies and to States. He was inclined,
however, to favor the postponement of this ques-
tion if the land was to be given away, until a gen-
eral system could be devised in regard to an
equitable disposition of the public domain. He j
also discussed at some length the condition of
parties in regard to the compromise measures,
maintaining that no party can or ought to succeed ,
in the coming canvass, unless it adopted as the '
basis of its organization an adherence to those
measures. The conventions, he said, might meet
and patch up platforms to suit party purposes,
but none of them would be sustained by the popu-
lar will of the country, unless based upon the Con-
stitution. [Mr. S.'s speech will be found in the
Appendix.]
Mr. SMITH next obtained the floor, and ad-
By Mr. WASHBURN: The memorial ofthe Androscog-
gin Railroad Company in Maine, for remission of duties an
certain railroad iron, and for other relief.
By Mr- CURTIS : A petition of John L. Hickman, pray-
ing for compensation as messenger in 1841.
By Mr. PARKER, of Indiana: The petition of M. Ii.
Bundy, Joel Reel, and 41 others, citizens of Henry county,
Indiana, praying for another canal around the Falls of
Oliio.
By Mr. KUHNS: The petition of Rebecca 3fansfield,
widow of Samuel Mansfield, Jate of Westmoreland county,
Pennsylvania, a soldier of the late war with Great Britain,
praying Congress for a pension.
By Mr. SMART : The petition of Tina II. Spinney and
others, citizens of Georgetown, Lincoln county,* Maine,
asking for a repeal ofthe rendition law of 1850.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, Jlpril 28, 1852.
Prayer by the Rev. Littleton F. Morgan.
Mr. COOPER presented the petition of William
dressed the committee in favor of the bill, main- K Marcus Bayly, praying indemnity for loss of
taining that it was constitutional; and that it would j; property in consequence of his forcible expulsion
not do at this late day to controvert the constitu- from Mexico during the late war with that Repub-
tionality of the measure, when the abstract ques- j' lie; which was referred to the select committee
tion of the right of Congress to dispose of the
public domain by grants, donations, and benefac-
tions, had been yielded years ago. [Mr. Smith's
speech will be found in the Appendix.]
Mr. HENDRICKS, of Indiana, addressed the
, appointed on the subject of claims againstMexico.
Mr. MORTON. I present the petition of Mrs.
Rebecca Munden, in behalf of herself and chil-
; dren, who represents that her latehusband, Eman-
| uel Munden, was an inhabitant of Florida in 1812
committee on the subject generally of the public \ \ a^n(l 1813, when it was invaded by the United
1 i-. vs /I 1M .1*1 ^ v-\ t U A Uill a All f(i /I Ann E. Nf.fl t & 1* KYI V * fill A F VllQ ^ £t 
lands, and in support of the bill under considera-
tion; and towards the conclusion of his remarks,
to obviate objections which had been urged against
the measure, hesuggested the propriety of recom-
mitting the bill with instructions to amend it, so
that the lands may be purchased at the cost price
to the Government. [Mr. H.'s speech will be
found in the Appendix.]
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, next obtained
the floor, but gave way to j
Mr. CHANDLER, who moved that the com- j
mittee do now rise. t
The question was put, and the motion agreed to. j.
The committeeaccordingly rose, and the Speaker |;
having resumed the chair, the chairman [Mr. Hib-
b\rd] reported that the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union had, according to order,
had under consideration the state of the Union
generally, and particularly House bill No. 7, being
a bill to encourage agriculture, commerce, manu-
factures, and all other branches of industry, by
granting every man who is at the head of a fam-
ily, and a citizen of the United States, a home-
stead of one hundred and fixty acres of land out
: ofthe public domain,upon condition of occupancy
t and cultivation of the same, for the period herein
- specified, and had come to no conclusion thereon.
Mr. VENABLE. I will suggest that, as the
debate is soon to close upon this bill, and as there
are a number of gentlemen who yet desire to
: speak upon it, that we take a recess till half-past
I seven o'clock, or to any hour which gentlemen
States army; that all of his property was de-
ll stroyed or lost in consequence of said, invasion;
j! that he was entitled under the treaty of 1819 with
; Spain to indemnity for said loss. She further
I, represents that her husband was prevented by
|} poverty, and other causes, from reaching St. Au-
gustine (where the judge resided) in time to file
his claim under the act of 1834; and, inasmuch as
other sufferers similarly situated have been allowed
by special act of Congress to file their claims, she
asks that the like privilege be allowed her, in be-
half of herself ana children. I move that it be
f referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
! The motion was agreed to.
1 PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. SEBASTIAN, it was
; Ordered, Tnat the documents on the files of the Senate
; relative to the claim of the children of Hannah Scott,
I widow of William Scott, be referred to the Committee on
' Pensions.
■ REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Com-
; merce, to which was referred the bill to provide for
the repair and improvement of the dam at the
' head of Cumberland Island, in the Ohio river, re-
ported back the same without amendment.
On motion by Mr. DAVIS, it was
Ordered, That sundry papers received from the Depart-
ment on the subject be printed with the bill.
Mr. UNDERWOOD, from the Committee on
. Public Lands, to which was referred the petition
of Cad waloder Wallace, submitted a report, ac-
may name, in order to give those gentlemen that j companied by a bill for his relief; which was read
opportunity. j; and passed to the second reading. The report was
[Cries of Agreed !M ''Agreed!'5] >! ordered to be printed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I have r.o objection jj Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, from the Committee on
to the proposition, provided it be understood the
' no business! shall be transacted at the nifht ses- '
sion. ;
Mr. VENABLE. Certainly, I suppose that is \
the understanding. € i;
Objection was made to the proposition. |i
Mr. VENABLE. Does an objection overrule ||
: the proposition entirely? ,
1 The SPEAKER. It does. It would require a j;
suspension of the rules; and a motion to suspend ;j
is not in order except on Mondays. j:
I Mr. DEAN. I ask the unanimous consent of p
' the House to permit me to report a bill for the pur- ! ■
| pose of having it referred to a Committee of the ■'
1 Whole House. I would not make the request, ■
j were it not that I have to leave the city to-morrow j1
! rooming. i
I Mr. HENN objected. !■
On motion by Mr. HALL,
The House then adjourned until to-morrow at r
' twelve o'clock, m. j
PETITIONS, &c. I;
The followins petitions, memornls, &c.. were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate committee'; • '1
Mr. BUYD, of Kentucky : The petition of citizens of St. <
Joseph countj, Indiana, in favor of an appropriation for
the construction of a canal around the Fall? of the Ohio
nver
Public Lands, to which was referred the bill grant-
ing the right of way and making a grant of land
to the States of Indiana, Illinois, ana Iowa, to aid
in the construction of a railroad from the Wabash
to the Missouri river, reported back the same with
an amendment.
BILLS INTRODUCED-
Mr. HALE, agreeably to previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill for
the relief of the legal representatives of Amos
Proctor; which was read a first and second time
by iis tuie. and referred to the Committee or>
Commeice
Mr. BRADBURY, agreeably to previous no-
,, lice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill
' to provide for the holding of the district court for
| the District of Columbia during the sickness or
!' other disability of the district judge; which was
read a first and second time by its title, and re-
\, ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
!, CLAIMS ARISING OUT OP THE CONQUEST OF
!, CALIFORNIA.
!: Mr. GWIN. i ask the indulgence of the Sen-
'1 ale this morning, to permit me to make a motion
1 to toke up Senate bill No. 8, which provides for the
; settlement of claims which originated in the mili-
tary operations in Oaliforniaduring theyears 1846
