294
' THE CONGRESSIONAL - GLQ^E. *
Jan. 16,
" "Mr. M1LLS0N. I will send to the Clerk's j
table the report upon this case, which* was read i
last session. I presume it contains all the facts
in relation to the case.
Mr. VENABLE. It does. I ask that it may
be read.
The report was read by tne Clerk.
Mr. VENABLE. I hope there will now be no
objection to the passage of the bill. £The man is
in necessitous circumstances, and ought to have
his money.
Mr, JOHN W. HOWE; I want to know upon
what rule the sum proposed to be appropriated
for his relief is ascertained ?
Mr. VENABLE. The- same as that used in
the courts for estimating the payment of witnesses
under similar circumstances.
Mr. HEBARD. My opinion is, from hearing
that report, that the committee*have appropriated
a sum sufficiently large, and that is all 1 desire.
Mr. J.W. HOWE. I wouldlike.to know from
the gentleman from North Carolina if there will be
any further claim for interest on the claim ?
Mr. VENABJLE. The gentlemen will have to
ask the claimant himself. As 1 have not seen him ;
I cannot answer the inquiry.
[Cries of " Question !" "Question!"]
The question was then taken, and the bill was !
laid aside to he reported to the House, with a rec-;
/mmendation that it do pass.
G. J. PENDERGRAST.
The committee then proceeded to the considera-
tion of House bill No. 93, being a bill for the relief
of G. J. Pendergtast.
The bill was read through.
Air. STANTON, of Tennessee, asked if there
was a printed report of the rase5 •
The CHAIRMAN said the report had not been
printed.
Mr. STANTON. Then I will state to the com-
mittee that the bill was accompanied with a report
giving all the facts m relation to the cose. Com-
mander Pendergrast was employed at the United
States navy-yard at Memphis, where a surgeon is
usually employed, and while on duty there he was
taken aick, and during his sickness it became ne~
cfksary for him to employ a physician. He did
so; nnd nfterwmds applied Ur the Secretary of the
Navy to have his account allowed. TheSecretary
of the Navy refened the application to Attorney
General Toucey, who decided that he wns entitled
to his pay, because every officer of the Navy, as
well as every seamen, contributes a portion of his
annual salary for the purpose of furnishing medi-
cal assistance to diseased officers and seamen, and
bccnuse it has been the custom from time imme-
morial on board ships and at stations, under sim-
ilar circumstances, to allow these accounts. The
accounting officer of the Treasury, however, dif-
fered from the Attorney General, and relused to
pay it; and there was no alternative left but to
come to Congress for relief. The Committee on
Naval Afluirs concurred with the Attorney Gen-
eral, who gave his opinions and reasons at length,
which weie imbodicd in our. report, and which I
regret has not been printed. Upon these grounds
I think the bill is a proper one, and ought to be
passed.
Mr. FiCKLTN. I desire to inquire of my
friend from Tennessee, [Mr. Stanton,] whether
there was, at that time, an Army surgeon at that
station ?
Mr. STANTON. There was not, and it is
because there was none that you are called upon to
pay this claim. You will observe that, in the esti-
mates for appropriations for the navy-yaid <it
Memphis, an appropriation was always made for
the pay of a surgeon, although there was none
there; or, at least, there was none up to the time
to which this claim relates.
Mr. F1CKLIN". Then there was no surgeon
on duty at that time?
Mr. STANTON, There was not.
Mr. HUNTER. I move that this hill be laid
aside to be imported to ths House, with the recom-
mendation that it do not pass. I do it for the
reason that the sum to be appropriated is not speci- i
fied in the bill. I am well aware that the gentle- j
man whoisntthfi head of the Committee on Naval i
Affairs [Mr. Stanton, of Tennessee] is just as ^
competent to ascertain the proper amount to be
given as any other gentleman. I want the com-
mittees, when they come here and ask me to vote
money for any object, to specify the amount which
it is proposed to appropriate.
Mr. STANTON. I reported that bill myself,
and its phraseology and provisions were made,
such as they are, from the fact that I was incapa-
ble of d etermining the amount proper to be inserted.
I propose to refer it*to the officers of the Treasuiy
to pay, not an exorbitant sum, not what a phy-
sician in Memphis thought proper to charge, but -
his reasonable expenses for necessary medical as-
sistance. It is guarded in every possible way, I
do not feel competentto determine whether a phy-
sician's bill is correct or not-, but I have referred
{o the proper officer in the Treasury to take
proof and determine whether it is or not; and I"
think that is the proper course.
Mr. HUNTER. The gentleman from the Mem-
phis district [Mr. Stanton] i feel assured is just
as capable of ascertaining the correctness of a
physician's bill, as is the Secretary of the Treas-
ury; for I am sufficiently well acquainted with that
officer to know that he is not a physician, but, like
! my friend from Tennessee, he is a lawyer; and I
know of no other officer in this Government, who
is better qualified to ascertain what is the correct
amount of a physician's bill, than the committees
of this House. We are obliged to pay the money,
or to order it to be paid; and it is our duty to as-
certain the amountof money which we are to pay.
I know of no mode of ascertaining this matter
unless we take the physician's bill^ or some phy-
sician's bill, or regulate the pay according to the
amount which your surgeons receive, or in some
such manner. I am sure there is some mode by
which the committee can ascertain the proper
amount to be paid.
Mr. .T. W. HOWE. I would inquire of the
gentleman from Tennessee, when this sickness
occurred ?
Mr. STANTON. Some three years ago, I
think. I remember the circumstance very well.
Commodore Pendergrast was attacked by a very
serious indisposition, which required the aid of
medical assistance.
Mr. HOWE. I desired to know if it was iu the
war of 1812?
Mr. STANTON. It was not.
Air. F1CKLIN. There seems to be an indispo-
sition to pass this bill, because the amount to be
paid is not specified in it. fn order, therefore, to
test the sense of the committee uporf that question,
I will move that the bill be reported hack to the
House, with the recommendation that it he again
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs, in
order to ascertain what is the proper amount to be
appropriated. T make this motion for the purpose
of testing the sense of the committee upon the
question.
A Member. Does that motion take precedence
of the other motion ?
The CHAIRMAN. It docs.
Mr. STANTON. I desire to state to the com-
mittee, that the amount involved in this case is very
small, only, I believe, something like from one to
two hundred dollars. I hope the committee will
not recommend its reference again to the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. COODENOW. I am satisfied that it is
unnecessary to send this bill back to the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs. As stated by the gentle-
man from Tennessee, [Mr. St\nton,] the amount
involved in the bill is very small, and can better
be determined at the Treasury Department than
in that committee. As a member of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, I do not feel myself
competent to determine the proper amount of a
physician's fee., I think the bill is sufficiently
guarded in its phraseology to prevent anything
exorbitant from being allowed. It provides that
the accounting officer of the Treasury shall allow
what is reasonable and right, and I am sure this
committee will not hesitate in granting that to
Commodore Pendergrast, The Naval .Committee
have once had it before them, and 1 hope, there-
fore, that the motion of the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Ficklin] will not prevail.
Mr. J. W. HOWE. I desire to inquire if
it is in order to offer an amendment to the
motion ? If it is, I will move that the bill be
reported to the House, with the proviso that the
amount to be paid shall not exceed $100. I
am willing to see this matter disposed of in this
manner, but I wish to establish a correct principle
u in future, in relation to this matter. If it is in
order I will move that the bill be laid aside, with
the provRso that the amount to be paid shall not
exceed $100.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of the opin-
ion that, pending the motion to report to the
House with instructions to recommit, the gentle-
man's amendment is not in order.
Mr. F1C1£L.IN. The honorable chairman of
the Committee on Naval Affairs, [Mr. Stanton,)
says that the amount involved m this bill is a tri-
lling one. Now, the amount which he has pro-
posed to be appropriated in this bill may be tri-
fling, but does not the honorable chairman,and all
themembers of that committee, know the fact, that
from the phraseology of the bill, the question of
the sum to be paid is left entirely open, and that
the representations which may have been made to
the committee does not in any -way bind the phy-
sician in the account which he may present to the
Treasury in virtue of this claim? He may repre-
sent before the committee that $100 or $150 is suf-
ficient, but when the account comes to the Treas-
ury he may demand five times that sum.
Mr.'STAMTON. If the gentleman will allow
me. This is a case for refunding the money which
lias been actually paid by Commodore Pender-
grast, amounting, according to my recollection, to
something less than $200, for which he has his re-
ceipts.
Mr. F1CKL1N. That constitutes a still stronger
reason why this bill should not-be passed without
ascertaining the amount and specifying it in the
bill. What are the mail facilities between this
city and Memphis, Tennessee? But a few days
will be required to enable the chairman of the
Nnval Committee, who represents so ably that
district, and who, I believe, resides in the city of
Memphis, to receive the necessary information as
to the amount paid to the physician, and report to
this House the bill, with that amount incorporated
in it. If it has already been settled, vThat is to be
the amount? It seems to me that there can be no
excuse for passing this bill and leave it to the Sec-
, retary of the Treasury to determine what sum
shall be paid.
Mr. STANTON. There can be no difficulty
in ascertaining what is the amount to be paid by
the Treasury Department. The papers are now
ill the printer's hands. The Navy Department
made no opposition to the application,and the ac-
count can be settled much better at the Treasury
Department than in the Naval Committee. It is a
simple matter to decide. I have, however, no ob-
jection that there should be a proviso placed in the
bill that the amount appropriated shall not exceed
poo.
Mr. FTC KLIN. I desire to Inquire of my
friend from Tennessee when this claim was first
presented to Congress3 .
Mr. STANTON. It was first presented at the
last session, but was not acted upon for the want
of time.
Mr. FICKLIN. Was there a report made upon
it?
Mr. STANTON. There was no report made
at the last session.
It is suggested by a friend near me, that [ should
withdraw my motion to refer, and substitute a
motion to insert a proviso limiting" the amount to
be paid. I will make that motion; but I will here
remark, that it is well understood by all the mem-
bers of this committee, that when a proviso is in-
serted in a bill limiting the amount to be appro-
priated—for instance, if you were to insert in this
bill a proviso that the amount should not exceed
$150, or any given amount for medical services,
if the physician has done nothing more than dress
the soie toe of the patient—he will receive the
$150, or whatever sum may be named in the bill.
So with regard to any bill: if you insert a proviso
that the amount shall not exceed a certain given
sum, tbey always receive that sum. As it is sug-
gested, however, I will withdraw" my motion to
recommit the bill to the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, and move the amendment which -I have
indicated—that the amount shall not exceed $150.
Mr. DANIEL, i renew the motion first made
by my friend who has just taken his seat, [Mr.
Fickliu.] I think this is a bad system of legisla-
tion. I.have aheady seen its injurious effects. It
is throwing the responsibility off our shoulders
and placing it upon the shoulders of the account-
ing officer of the Treasury. As has been well
embarked, whenever there is a proviso inserted in
