1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2071
light dues, is a consequence of the difference
which exists between the system on which coast
lights are maintained in the United States, and the
system on which such lights are maintained in the
United Kingdom.
" In the United States, the coast lights are erected
and maintained by the Federal Government, and
the expenses connected with those lights form
part of the general expenditure of that Govern-
ment. The Federal Government, therefore, has
a right to determine whether it shall reimburse
itself for this outlay by levying light duties upon
shipping, or whether, on the whole, it may not
be more for the advantage of the United States,
and more conducive to the commercial pros-
perity of the nation, that this charge should be
borne by the public revenue, and that the com-
merce of the Union should be freed from any bur-
den in the shape of light dues upon vessels fre-
quenting the ports of the Union. The Government
of the United States having power to decide this
question, has determined wisely, as Her Majesty's
Government think, as well as liberally, to free
the commerce of the Onion from any burden on
this account, and to defray out of the national
revenue the actual cost of erecting and maintaining
the coast lights.
" If the coast lights of the United Kingdom had
been established upon the same principle, and if
they had been erected and were maintained at the
public expense, and if they were managed and
administered by a department of the State, it is
possible that Her Majesty's Government might
think that it would be best for the general inter-
ests of the nation that the system of the United
States in regard to these matters should be adopted
in this country, and that the commerce of the
United Kingdom should be relieved from the bur-
den of light dues.
"But'the British Government has not the
power to deal with this matter as it pleases; the
various lights which are established round the
coasts of the United Kingdom have been erected
and are maintained by various corporate bodies;
and those corporate bodies are entitled, by patents
and by acts of Parliament, to levy certain dues
upon shipping, in order to raise the necessary in-
come for paying interest on the capital laid out in
the construction of the lights, and for providing
the means requisite for defraying the expense of
maintaining those lights.
" Her Majesty's Government have no right or
power to order these corporate bodies to abstain
from levying these dues, and these dues could not
be made to cease, unless Parliament was to vote
such sums as would be necessary to buy up for
the public interest which the private pai ties con-
cerned have in these lights; nor unless Parliament
were at the same time to authorize the Govern-
ment to abolish light dues for the future, and were
to charge upon the public revenue the expense of
maintaining the lights.
"The expediency of adopting such a course
has, indeed, from time to time been suggested, but
the question has not hitherto been considered with
a view to any practical decision.
" Her Majesty's Government, however, cannot
admit that the difference which exists between the
system which prevails m the United States, and
that which exists in Great Britain, in regard to
coast lights, lias the effect of infringing upon that
principle of commercial reciprocity between Great
Britain and the United States, which forms the
basis of the treaty cf 1815. It is no part of the
engagements of that treaty, that the internal sys-
tem and local arrangements of the two countries,
upon commercial matters, shall be the same. But
the principle distinctly laid down in the second
paragraph of the first article of the treaty of 1815
is, that the vessels of each country shall, in the
ports of the other, be treated, in regard to duties
and charges, in the same manner and on the same
footing as national vessels; and this stipulation is
strictly observed in regard to the light dues which
are levied upon American vessels in British ports,
for no other or higher light dues are levied in those
ports upon American vessels than are levied in
those ports upon vessels belonging to the United
Kingdom.
" But if the British light dues cannot be deemed
to be any infringement of the principle of recipro-
city which forms the basis of the treaty of 1815,
neither can they be considered as in any degree
conflicting with the liberal principle upon which
the present navigation law of Great Britain is
founded. For that navigation law relates to the
admission of foreign ships into British ports with
certain goods on board, and coming from certain
voyages, which goods and voyages would, before
the passing of that law, have involved an exclusion
from a British port; but that law has no reference
to light dues or harbors dues, nor does it make
any mention of such matters, and it cannot, there-
fore, be appealed to as requiring, for its complete
execution, that any change should be made in such
i matters.
"Her Majesty's Government are quite ready to
discuss with the Government of the United States
i any question which may arise in regard to any
supposed incompletenessm the mutual application
I of that principle of reciprocity in matters of navi-
j gation, which is contained in the act 12 and 13
| Vict., cap. 29; but willing and desirous as they
are to carry out the provisions of that act to the
I fullest extent, with respect to all countries which
are disposed, as the United States have declared
! themselves to be, to pursue a. similar course, yet
| her Majesty's Government cannot admit the force
' of arguments founded upon a constructive appli-
cation of that law to matters which are wholly
beyond the range of its enactments.
"The undersigned, &c., PALMERSTON."
mr. lawrence to uscount palmerston.
Un'Itkd States Legation, >
138 Piccadilly, Fcbruanjy 12, 1851. $
" The undersigned, Envoy Extraordinary and
Minister Plenipotentiaiy of the United States of
America, has the honor to acknowledge the receipt
of the note of Viscount Palmerston, Her Britannic
Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for Poieign
Affairs, of the 6th inst., in reply to the former
note of the undersigned to Lord Palmerston on
' the subject of the imposition of light dues on the
' tonnage of the United States within the ports of
the United Kingdom, and will not fail to transmit
a copy to his Government by the earliest oppor-
tunity.
" The undersigned avails himself of this occa-
sion to correct an error into which Her Majesty's
Government seem to have fallen with reference to
' the request made by theundersis>ned, on behalf of
the Government of the United States, on this sub-
ject.
"The Government of the United States is not
unaware of the difference between the system on
which coast lights are maintained in the United
States and the system on which such lights are
maintained in the United Kingdom. On the con-
trary, the undersigned alluded to that difference in
the former communication lie had the honor to
make to Viscount Palmerston, with reference to
them. That fact does not, however, dimmish the
pressure of this tax upon the shipping of the
United States. And while the undcisit;ned dis-
claims all intention of discussing the particular
mode by which the lights of the United Kingdom
are maintained, he still cherishes the hope that
there is nothing in that system to prevent the
changes for which his Government has asked.
"The Federal Government does not lest this
request on the provisions of the convention of
1815. Lord Palmerston justly says, that4 it is no
'part of the engagements of that treaty, that the
' internal system and local arrangements of the
' two countries upon commercial matters shall be
< the same.'
" Neither does it seek to view the present navi-
5 gation law of the United Kingdom as liberating
! the commerce of the United Slates from the tax.
Were that the case, there would have been no oc-
casion to instruct the undersigned to make the
communication of the 31st of December last.
" The Federal Government rests this request
solely on the fact that the commerce of Groat
i Britain enjoys, without charge, the lights, bea-
1 cons, and buoys, maintained by the United States
! on a coast several thousand miles in extent; while
1 the commerce of the United States is heavily taxed
1 for the support of similar lights, beacons, and
; buoys, in the United Kingdom. In view of this
| fact, it asks Her Majesty's Government to meet
1 the liberality of the United States with a recipro-
! cal liberality. And, as an additional reason for
^ranting the request, it points to the present com-
mercial policy of the two nations, founded pro-
fessedly on the principle of reciprocity; and it
invites Her Majesty's Government to extend the
principle still further, and treat the commerce of
the United States as liberally as the United States
treat the commerce of the United Kingdom.
"The undersigned trusts that no question will
arise in regard to any supposed incompleteness in
the mutual application ofthat principle of recipro-
city in matters of navigation, contained in the
act 12 and 13 Vic., c. 29, to render necessary the
discussion for which Viscount Palmerston ex-
presses the readiness of Her Maiestv's Govern-
ment.
" The undersigned has great pleasure in learn-
ing that the expediency of adopting such a course
as that of the United States has been, from time
to time, suggested, and renews the expression of
the hope that Her Majesty's Government may
devise some way to remove or to lighten this bur-
den, which now falls so heavily on the commerce
of the United States. The undersigned, &c.,
" ABBOTT LAWRENCE."
viscount palmerston to mr. lawrence.
" Foreign Office, February 14, 1851.
"The undersigned, &c., has the honor to in-
form Mr. Lawrence, &c., that he has received,
and has referred to the proper department of Her
Majesty's Government, the note which Mr. Law-
rence addressed to the undersigned, on the 12th
instant, relative to the light dues which are levied
on American shipping in the ports of the United
Kingdom. The undersigned, &c.,
"PALMERSTON."
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I agree with the
gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Evans] in some
of his views.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair must remind
the gentleman that by the language of the rule he
must oppose the adoption of the amendment.
Mr. BAYLY. The Chair will excuse me. I
understand that point perfectly well, but it does
not follow that, agreeing with much that the gen-
tleman has said, I approve of his amendment; for
| there may be other reasons which he has not
stated that will show the impropriety of his amend-
ment, although all he has stated may be true.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will pro-
ceed.
Mr. BAYLY. I therefore say, sir, I agree in
most that the gentleman from Maryland has said,
but I desire to call his attention to a point, upon
which, I confess, I am not prepared to give a de-
finitive opinion to this committee, because the
proposition has been sprung upon the House, and
without notice to me. ft has only struck me at
the moment. I desire to know of the gentleman
to what extent his amendment will interfere with
our treaties with Great Britain, and whether his
attention has been directed to that point? My
impression is that it will conflict with them.
Mr. EVANS. Lord Palmerston, in this corre-
spondence, says expressly that it will not. He s«ys
it 1ms no connection with it.
Mr. BAYLY. By our treaty relations with
Great Britain, she is put upon the footing of the
most favored nations, and we have agreed that we
will impose no higher or other charges upon her
vessels than we imposeupon our own. Now, this
amendment provides that we are to levy and col-
lect light-house duties from those nations which
collect them from us, and none otheis; and it pro-
poses to impose chaiges on British vessels which
j we do not impose upon our own. I doubt whether
| such a provision as that is precisely in accordance
J with our treaties. But granting that the object
i aimed at is proper, and I have long thought that it
j was a pioper mode of supporting the light house
I system, yet I do doubt exceedingly whether this
| committee ought to pass it before we have more
time to look into the facts relating to this subject.
1 approve of the object, but unless the gentleman
is informed upon the point I have suggested, I am
opposed to its adoption. They ought to be looked
into.
Mr. EVANS. I will merely state that it only
puts her upon the footing of the most favored
nation.
The CHAIRMAN. Further debate is not in
order.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I propose an
amendment to the effect that the duties shall be
the same as those levied in Great Britain.
Mr. EVANS. That is there now.
Mr. STANTON. It differs from the proposi-
