1208
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 29,
lions are taken bypassing between the tellers, until :
the features of thebillaresodistortedthatitRfr ends '
do not recognize it; and it is than lett to the tendei i
care of its enemies, who kill it without mercy. On |
this measure he anticipated the usual course ot
proceedings; and should not be surprised to bee an
amendment offered to give every man a horse and
cow, another to give farming utensils, and another
a negro to work his land; and all intended to bring
the bill into ridicule, and thus procure its defeat.
Gfive us a. fair record vote; and if the bill shall be
lost, the country will then know who are its friends
and who are its enemies.
Mr. PARKER, of Indiana, next obtained the
floor, and addressed the committee an hour. He
adverted to the manifesto of certain Southern
Whigs, which appeared in the Republic of this
morning, to the people of the United States, in re-
gard to the failure of the recent Whig-caucus, m
the Senate chamber, to indorse the compromise
measures. By that manifesto, he said that he and
others, who were present on the occasion alluded
to, had been placed in a false position. £[e there-
fore presented, his protest, in reference to the de-
ductions of those who signed that paper, so far
as he was concerned. If these gentlemen fo re-
garded it, yet he did not; that " the vote on Gten-
' try's amendment was an emphatic declaration
* by that meeting, that the persons present re-
* mained uncommitted as to their own support of
< the adjustment measures, or that they refused to
* establish any such test of the qualification of the
4 nominee of the National Convention." That was
not his position, by any means. Although he did
not withdraw from the meeting, as did those who
signed the manifesto* yet, for one, he stood com-
mitted to the compromise measures. lie stood
before his constituents so committed, and that was
the reason that they had returned him as their
Representative. He did not evade the question of
a test by any connection of his with the action of
the caucus, so far as his candidate was concerned,
for he would expect, whoever he supported for
that exalted position, to be as sound as lie was
upon the Constitution and the compromise meas-
ures, His view, in reference to this whole mat-
ter, was this—and it was upon that he hfd acted,
and acted consistently—he had deemed the ques-
tion as decided by his constituents, when they sent
him to Congress. They were willing to abide by
the compromise measures, but were opposed to
further agitation upon the questions involved
therein.
In regard to the policy proper to be observed in
disposing of the public domain, he argued m favor
of the following basis for a system:
]. That hereafter the sales of the public lands
of the United States, when made for cash, shall
only be to such persons as will make oath that
they purchase for actual settlement; and sale* so
made shall be at the rate of twenty-five cenh per
acre, and no more. And patents shall issue on
such sales so soon as there shall have been five
years'continuous occupation by the purchaser,
his heirs, or assigns.
2. That nil the public lands now in market, if
not sold within five years, shall vest in the States
respectively where they are situate; and all lands
hereafter brought into market, if not sold within
five years thereafter, shall in like manner veat;
and all lands so vesting shall he sold by the proper
State, within a reasonable time, for such re-i^on-
able sum per acre as to the State mav se^m expe-
dient. And the net proceeds of nil such last-men-
•tioned sales shall be appropriated as follows: One
third thereof to the State making the snle, for a
perpetual cwiwon .school fv-nd; one third t'-* be
ratably apportioned among the other States and
the District of Columbia, in proportion to the
representation of each State in Congress, and re-
garding the Distiict as entitled to one Repre-eut-
ative, for a like purpose; and the remaining third
to the .American Colonisation Sock-tv, for the
cn'mii-.if'.on of the free black* cf the United States,
with their ov-n cim^eni, in the Republic of Liberia.
Mr. MILLSON" next obtained the floor, and
made an argument in opposition to the bill, main-
taming that it was unconstitutional, and thnt 'hat
elm!*? of the Constitution which conferred unon
Con<rresf: 'ho power to dispose of and to make all
needful rule^ and lv^ulations respecting the tem-
mry or other psop^rlv hekmginq- to the United
States,did notconfei unlimited power in ieg<ml to
the disposition of the public domain: but, like all
other powers in that instrument, was limited by
the objects for which the Government was cre-
ated.
[These speeches will be found in the Appendix.]
Mr. WALSH here obtained the floor, but
yielded to
Mr. GROW, who moved that the committee
rise.
The question was put, and the motion agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose,and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the chairman (Mr. Hib-
bard) reported that the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union had, according to order,
had under consideration the state of the Union
generally, and particularly House bill No. 7, being
a bill to encourage agriculture, commerce, manu-
factures, and all other branches of industry, by
granting every man who is at the head of a fam-
i]y, and a citizen of the United States, a home-
stead of one hundred and sixty acres of land out
of the public domain, upon condition of occupancy
and cultivation of the same, for the period herein
specified, and had come to no conclusion thereon.
Mr. FLORENCE, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced resolutions of the General Assembly of
Pennsylvania, in relation to the Parker patent for
cast-iron submerged reaction water-wheels; which
was referred to the Committee on Patents.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to report, from the Commit-
tee on Roads and Canals, a bill for the construc-
tion of a canal around the Falls in the Ohio river,
at Louisville.
Mr. McMULLIN. I object.
The SPEAKER. Objection is made, and the
report cannot be received.
On motion of Mr. McMULLIN, the House then
adjourned until to-morrow at twelve o'clock, m.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions, memorials, &c.. were, presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees:
Bv Mr. BELL : A petition of citizens of Treble county,
Ohio, praying for the establishment of a mail mute from
Eaton, by the way of Sugar Valley, to West Florcu, in
PiphJe county, Ohio.
By Mr. McNAIR: The mcmonal of Chailes Grecnawalt
and 258 others, citizens of Lebanon county, Pennsylvania,
in favor of a modification of the bounty land act of 28th
September, 1850, so as to give each person benefited bv
said act, and the seamen and marines who served m the
war of 1S12, not less than one hundred and sixty acres of
land-
By Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana: A statement of T. \V. Sail,
in relation to his claim for additional services as a^f-i^ant
marshal in taking the Seventh Census.
Kv Mr. JOHN'W. HOWE t The petition of D. McCoy
and 38 others, citizens of Clarion countv. Penns>lvania,
pravmg Congress to establish a post route from the borough
of CotteiMmrg to Catfish post office, in fytid countv.
By Mr. FLORENCE: The memorial of Frederick Klett,
Peter Yea^er, Robert Flanagan, J. K. Hagert, and IU7
otheis, citizens of Philadelphia, petitioning Congress to pass
a law to grant one hundred and eixty acres of land to soldiers
of the war of 1^12, the Indian, and Florida wars, &c.. &c.
AI«o, the memorial of Fayette Pierson, Lewis Sneli,
Ralph II. Knowles, and 10 otheis, citizens of Philadelphia,
petitioning Conprefcs to pa«s a law granting one hundred and
sixty acres of land to soldier.- of the war of 1812, the Indian
and Florida wars, &c., &c.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, Jlpril 29, 1852.
Prayer by the Rev. Littleton F. Morgan.
Mr. PEARCE presented the memorial of Zab-
dienV. Potter, praying compensation for services
rendered as anting United States Naval Storekeeper
at Valparaiso: which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Naral Affairs.
Mr. DOWNS presented the petition of Aaron
Livingston and Randal D. Livingston, praying to
be allowed certain privileges in entering lands in
the Bastrop Grant, upon which they have made
improvements; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. SEWARD presented the memorial of Ruie.
Van Brunt, praying indemnity for losses incurred
by him in consequence of the occupation of his
property in ]8l4, by troops raised for the defense
of the city of New York; which was referred to
the Committee on Claims.
Mr. DODGE, of Wisconsin, presented seven
petitions of citizens of Wisconsin,'praying a grant
of land for the construction of a railroad from
Chicaay. through Janesville and Pond du Lac, to
Lake Superior; which were ordered to he laid on
the table.
Mr. WALKER presented several petitions of
citizens of Wisconsin, numerously signed, pray-
ing a grant of land for the construction of a rail-
road from Chicago through Janesville and Fond
du Lac to Lake Superior; which were ordered to
he laid on the table.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. DOWNS, it was
Ordered, That John S. Maunsell and William Parker
have leave to withdraw tlieir petition and papers.
RULES OF THE SENATE.
Mr. BADGER submitted the following resolu-
tion for consideration:
Resolved, That the thirtieth rule for conducting the busi-
ness of the Senate be amended liy inserting after the word
" besMon'' the following:
" Or moved by direction of a standing committee of tha
Senate."
Resolved further, That the following be added to the rules
of the Senate:
"A motion to suspend, or to concur in a resolution of
the House to suspend, the sixteenth and seventeenth joint
rules, or either of them, shall always be in order, and shall
be decided without debate."
If the thirtieth rule should be amended as pro-
posed by the Senator from North Carolina, it will
stand thus:
30. No amendment, proposing additional appropiiations,
shall be received to any general appropriation bill, unless it
be made to carry out the piovi&ions of tome existing law,
or some act, or resolution previously passed fay the Senate,
dimng that session, or moved by direction of a $ landing
committee of the Senate, or m pursuance of an estimate
from the head of some of the Departments; and no amend-
ment frhall be received whose object is to provide for a pri-
vate claim, although the same may have been previously
sanctioned by the Senate.
The sixteenth and seventeenth joint rules re-
ferred to in the second proposed amendment, are
as follows:
16. No bill that j-hall have passed one House shall be sent
for concurrcnce to the other on either of the three last days
of the session.
17. No bill or resolution that shall have passed the House
of Representatives and the Senate, shall be presented to the
President of the United States for his approbation on the
last day of the session.
DEPARTMENTAL PRINTING.
Mr. BORLAND submitted the following reso-
lution for consideration:
Resolved, That the Secretaries of the Departments, re-
spectively, of State, Treasury, War, Navy, and Interior, and
the Postmaster General, be directed to communicate to the
Senate statements of the quantity of printing, binding, and
public advertising, which has been done for, or by order of
the Department over which he presides, and on what ac-
count, .«nd the amount of money paid for the same, and to
whom paid, for each year since the 4th day of March, 1849,
up to this time; and what remains to he done, and how
much is to be paid for it under any existing contracts, ar-
rangements, or agreements, written or verbal. Also, copies
of the several contracts under which said printing, binding,
and advertising, has been or is to be done; and, also, state-
ments whether said contracts, arrangements, or agree-
ments, have been made in pursuance of public advertise-
ment or otherwise.
KEV. C. L. BRACE.
The following resolution, submitted by Mr,
Cass, on the 26th instant, was considered and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be
requested to transmit to the Senate, so far as may be com-
patible with the public interest, a copy of the correspond-
ence of the American Charge at Vienna, with the De-
paitmentof State, on the subject uf the apprehension and
imprisonment by the Austrian authorities of theRev. Chas.
L. Brace, an American citizen.
NOTICE OP A BILL.
Mr. MORTON". At the request of my col-
league, who is confined by indisposition, I beg
leave to give notice that to-morrow, or on some
subsequent day, I will ask leave to introduce a
biU, to be entitled "A bill to establish a steam
mail line between California or Oregon and
Shanghai, with a branch thereof to the Sandwich
Islands."
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. BORLAND, by unanimous consent, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill, granting; to
the State of Arkansas the right of way and a
portion of the public land, to aid in the construc-
tion of a rail road from Gaines's Landing to Fulton,
in said State: which was read a first and second
time by its title, ana referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
REPORTS FUOIVI STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Print-
ing, t>* which was referred a motion bv Mr. Rusk,
that one thousand five hundred additional copies
be printed of the reports of the Secretary of the
