2072
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 4,
tion of the gentleman in this: he proposes that
the vessels of each nation shall be charged the
same light-house duties which American vessels
are charged upon its coast. The objection stated
by the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Bayly] has
validity. Great Britain might justly complain
that she was not placed upon a footing with the
most favored nations; but if we, pass a general
law fixing a light-house duty applicable to all ves-
sels of all nations, there could be no complaint,
and the objection of the gentleman from Virginia
vanishes. But so long as Great Britain might
have that ground of complaint, the gentleman's ar-
gument would be correct. I propose this amend-
mentsimply as a suggestionto thegentleman from
Maryland, [Mr. Evans.] I agree in ail that he
has said, except in that particular part of his prop-
osition which makes different charges upon ves-
sels of different nations, of which, according to
our treaties with Great Britain, she might justly
complain.
Mr. WALSH. I am opposed to the amend-
ment proposed by the gentleman from Tennessee.
This is a matter which it seems to me at this time
we should not give our attention to at all. The
facts alluded to ought to be ascertained by a com-
mittee of this House, We ought to see what
Governments levy these light duties against us,
and the matter should be looked into underthe
direction of Congress, if it be possible, and the
President should not be left to find out all these facts
for himself. The true jurisdiction is here, sir. I
am against the amendment for another reason.
1 am opposed to it upon the grounds which have
been mentioned by my honorable colleague and
friend, [Mr. Evans.] I am opposed to this sys-
tem of pouting. I do not want to say to Great
Britain that becauseshe has interfered with our fish-
eries upon the north, we will pout at her by levy-
ing these duties. I understand that if we say that
to them we have received sufficientsatisfaction for
all she has done in this matter. I trust that at
this time this committee will do no such thing.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I suggest to
the gentleman that the motive for this proposition
is the duty charged by Great Britain for her light-
houses and not the fisheries.
Mr. WALSH. I understand that is theground,
but it will seem otherwise if we adopt the amend-
ment, because her vessels are now upon our coast.
I do not mean to say that is the motive, but the
honorable gentleman says that she cannot com-
plain of it because she has done this injury to us.
1 hope she will he called to an account for that in-
jury in another way.
Mr. STANTON. So do I.
Mr. WALSH. I hope we will not pass the
amendment at this time, for the world will say
that we have done it like a child in a passion. I
trust that is not the motive. I hope Great Britain
by this time is aware that she has to make satis-
faction in a different way; and before any nego-
tiation is entered into, that the Government and
Executive may understand the matter.
Mr. STANTON. This subject was under con-
sideration by the Ministers of the respective Gov-
ernments before this fishing difficulty occurred.
Mr. WALSH. I understand, in addition to
that, that my honorable friend complains of the
manner in which the British Minister has treated
ours as an additional reason. Let us see all of
these things. Let us see the correspondence. Let
us see how he has been treated. Let us under-
stand what light duties Great Britain levies upon
our citizens trading there. Let us ascertain what
light duties are levied by France and other Gov-
ernments upon them. Let us have a system; and
let Congress take it under its jurisdiction, instead
of leaving it to the President to ascertain all of
these facts. Let us not do it now. I am one of
those men, Whigas I am, who trust that the
Secretary of State is not at this time carrying on
any negotiation. If he is carrying on negotiation
in the face of the British fleet off our northern
coast, he ought not to be kept in his office.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. I should like, if it
be in order, to ask the gentleman a question.
A Member. I object.
The CHAIRMAN. Objection being made the
gentleman cannot proceed.
The question was then put upon the amend-
ment of Mr. Stanton, of Tennessee; and it was
not agreed to.
Mr. FULLER. For the purpose of making an
inquiry, I move to strike out the word "Presi-
dent" from the amendment of the gentleman from
Maryland, so that it will read: ''There be and
hereby is," &c. I wish to inquire of the gentle-
man from Maryland, who introduced this resolu-
tion, whether the British Government discrimin-
ates and levies light-house duties upon our com-
merce and our navigation which she does pot upon
her own?
Mr. EVANS. No, sir.
Mr. FULLER. Then I would ask if there
would not be a difficulty on the part of our Gov-
ernment discriminating by levying a duty upon
their shipping and not upon our own?
Mr. EVANS. No, sir. Theduty on our ship-
ping is levied by the general appropriation from the
Treasury. They levy a special tax upon our
commerce. If the amendment be adopted, their
shipping in our port will only be put upon the
same footing that ours is in their ports.
Mr. BROOKS. 1 am in favor of the principle
of this amendment, but I agree with thegentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Bayly]—at least it is my
present impiession—that it is inconsistent with
the treaty of commerce we have with Great Brit-
ain of 1815.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment of the
gentleman from Maine is the only one now under
consideration.
Mr. BROOKS. I propose to speak against the
adoption of the amendment for the levying of this
light duty. By the treaty of 1815, and reciprocal
laws in pursuance of this and other treaties, Great
Britain is placed upon the footing of the most fa-
vored nations. If, therefore, we attempt to carry
the proposition out, discriminating against Brit-
ish vessels, we will not only have to levy a duty
upon England, but alike duty upon all other for-
eign nations, and also alike duty upon our own
commerce. In order to carry out the principles of
the treaty of 1815, and our reciprocal navigation
acts, u strikes mejust now that we shall be obliged to
levy a like duty not only upon all other European
nations, but upon all American vessels, because
the duties must be uniform. A British ship now
has the right to come into an American port sub-
ject exactly to the same duties as an American
vessel. Nevertheless, if the principle proposed can,
it ought to be carried out. Great Britain deserves
that retaliation from us, for the wrong she inflicts
upon our people in her light taxes exacted by the
Trinity Board, is a great one; but it is a wrong
that is inJlicted upon herself, and upon all other
nations of the earth, as well as the United States
of America. We cannot complain of it aw un-
equal, or as discriminating. I shall certainly not
resist with any ardor the adoption of this amend-
ment in committee, and I do not know that any
harm would arise in sending it to the Senate for
their examination. My impression is, neverthe-
less, that it is inconsistent with the treaty of 3815.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. As the gen-
tleman's time has not expired, I will make a sug-
gestion. Our treaty with Great Britain, which
requires that she shall be placed upon the footing
of the most favored nations, would not require, in
levying light-house duties, that we should levy
them upon our own citizens as well as those of
other nations.
Mr. BROOKS. Our treaty of commerce and
navigation with Great Britain, and our reciprocal
laws, provide that British vessels shall enter the
ports of the United States upon the same terms
and regulations, as to tonnage or other duties, as
American vessels. A perfect reciprocity now ex-
ists under our treaties and navigation acts, and
such a reciprocity has existed since the British
navigation act of June, 1850. Collecting light-
house taxes, both of American and British ves-
sels in British ports, is no violation of that reci-
procity, and my impression is we cannot retaliate,
unless we levy the same duties both on British
and American vessels in American ports.
Mr. FULLER, with the unanimous consent of
the committee, then withdrew his amendment.
Mr. MEADE. I submit the following proviso
to the amendment of the gentleman from Mary-
land:
Provided, Tnat such duties shall not conflict with ex-
isting treaties.
I think there is a provision in our treaty with
Great Britain, to the effect that her vessels shall
enter the ports of the United States upon the terms
granted to other nations. I believe there are pro-
visions to that effect in nearly all of our treaties?.
If that be the case, we cannot discriminate so as
to levy a tax upon the vessels of England, or of
any other nation with whom there is such a treaty,
unless that tax be a uniform one. Now, the tax
Great Britain levies may be a uniform one. She may
levy those duties upon every vessel entering her
ports, and ifso, there is nodiscrimination against the
United States. But if we pass this amendment,
the President of the United States is required to
levy these duties upon the vessels of such nations
as levy similar duties upon our vessels. Now,
sir, if we tax the vessels of Great Britain and
France, or any other nation with which we have
such a treaty as I have described, it would be a
discriminating duty upon the vessels of such a
nation, which would not be entering our ports
upon terms as favorable as those granted to other
nations.
Mr. EVANS. I shall accept the gentleman's
amendment.
Mr. MEADE. Then I have only another
word to say. It is very evident that this is an
important step taken in the commercial regula-
tions of the country, and I am opposed to doing
so without having maturely considered the sub-
ject. It has been sprung upon this House, and
the remarks which have already fallen from gen-
tlemen in committee, show that this is a question
we ought to consider maturely before we adopt it,
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. When the
amendment of the gentleman from Marylandwas
first read, I must say that I was favorably im-
pressed with it, but the discussion which has en-
sued has satisfied me that it would be improper to
adopt that amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment now un-
der consideration is the one proposed by the gen-
tleman from Virginia.
Mr. SEYMOUR. I suppose that the amend-
ment, proposed by the gentleman from Virginia,
being a proviso to it, will have the effect either to
restrain or enlarge it, and that, therefore, the mer-
its of the original proposition are, to a certain de-
gree, under consideration. Now, I understand
the gentleman from Maryland to say this matter
has been the subject of negotiation, or at least of
correspondence between the British Government
and our Minister. That correspondence has not
been laid before this House that I am aware of.
For my part, it has not fallen under my observa-
tion, and I am unprepared, at this time, to say
whether we ought to adopt that amendment, bear-
ing as it does upon our treaty stipulations with
foreign nations—particularly with Great Britain.
If the correspondence that has ensued admits the
proposition, which I understand the gentleman to
hint, that if we pass these provisions we shall not
infringe the treaty stipulations between us and
Great Britain, then, sir, one impediment will be
removed.
Mr. EVANS. With the gentleman's permis-
sion, 1 will call the attention of the committee to
one quotation.
Mr. SEYMOUR. I should like to have the
whole correspondence read to the committee be-
fore it is called to pass upon this proposition. If
it cannot be, I hope they will vote against it.
Mr.1 EVANS. I call attention to the following
extract:
"The Federal Govnrnment does not re°t this request on
the provisions of the convention of 1815."
Lord Palmerston justly says, that—
"It is no part of the engagements of that treaty, that the
iiwrnal system and local arrangements of the two countries
upon commcrcial matters shall be the saiue."
In order to obviate objection, I am willing to
accept the amendment of the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Meade.]
Mr. SEYMOUR. This is a general proposi-
tion. It applies to ail nations with which we have
treaty stipulations, and I think, for one, it will be
imprudent at this time to adopt so general a prop-
osition without a thorough investigation hy one of
the committees of this House. I hope it will not
be adopted.
Mr. EVANS. I accept the amendment of the
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Meade.]
Mr. DEAN. I move to strike out the word
"President." I do this merely for the reason,
that the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Fuller] saw
fit to withdraw it. I see no way in which you
can execute this law, if you authorize the Presi-
dent to levy this light duty. It strikes me that if
