1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1209
Navy and the Postmaster General, in relation to
the contracts for carrying the mails by steam-ships
between New York and California, reported that
the same be printed.
The report was concurred in.
He also, from the Committee on Printing, to
which wag referred a motion to print that portion
of the report of the Commissioner of Patents
which relates to arts and manufactures, reported
that the same be printed.
Mr. BORLAND. Let it lie over.
Mr. HAMLIN also submitted the following
resolution for consideration:
Resolved, That seventeen thousand additional copies of
that portion of the report of the Commissioner of Patents,
which relates to arts and manufactures, be printed ; fifteen
thousand eopie-s thereof for the use of the Senate, and
two tliou&and for the use of the Commissioner of Patents.
This also lies over with the original motion,
Mr. HAMLIN also, from the Committee on
Printing, to which was referred the motion to
print the agricultural portion of the annual report
of the Commissioner of Patents, reported that the
same be printed.
Mr. BORLAND. I desire that that also may
lie over.
Mr. HAMLIN. I also submit, from the Com-
mittee on Printing;, the following resolution:
Reunited, That tliirly two thousand five hundred addi-
tional copies of the Agncultuial Report be printed, thirty
thousand for tiie u;?e ot the Senate, and two thousand five
hundred for the use of the Commissioner of Patents.
I desire to remark simpty, that the number re-
ported by the committee corresponds with the
number reported last year, with the addition that
we set apart 2,000 copies of the report on arts and
manufactures, and 2,500 copies of the report on
agriculture, for the use of the Commissioner of
Patents.
The PRESIDING OFFICEIl. The resolution
ib not now before the Senate.
Mr. HAMLIN. I am aware that it is not; but
I wished to show the action of the committee last
year.
The whole subject was then passed over.
CLAIMS ARISING OUT OF THE CONQUEST OF
CALIFORNIA.
Mr. SHIELDS, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to which was recommitted the bill to
create a Board of Commissioners for the examin-
ation and paym,ent of claims against the United
States growing' out of the conquest of California,
with the amendment reported thereto, reported the
game with amendments.
Mr. GW1N. I ask that this bill may now be
acted upon. 1 think it will lead toyio debate at
ail. If it should, I will consent that it be laid over
at one o'clock.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the bill, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
The first amendment reported this morning to
the amendment of the committee heretofore re-
ported, proposes to strike out of the second sec-
tion the words "on the second Monday in Jan-
uary, 1853," and insert the words " as soon as
practicable;" so that the section will provide
•' that the Secretary of War be directed to ascer-
tain, and report to Congress, as soon as practicable,
the amount of all just claims,"<fcc., &c.
The second amendment proposes to insert the
word " Washington," befoie the word " Califor-
nia," so that another clause of the same section
will provide that "the Secretary be directed to
' appoint a Board of three competent officers to
1 examine witnesses and receive evidence in Wash-
• mgton, California, and elsewhere," &c.
The third amendment proposes to strike out the
word "same," and insert the words printed in
italic ill the residue of the sentence above quoted,
which will then read thus: " in relation to such
' claims, and to report the claims which they may
' consider Just, with 'the evidence in support of them,
' to the V&at Department."
Mr. SHIELDS. These amendments make no
essential change whatever m the amendment^iere-
tof'orc reported by the Committee on Military
Affairs. ' The bill! thus amended, will provide for
the appointment of three officers to adjudicate in
relation to the claims arising out of the conquest
of California ; it will also provide for the appoint-
ment of a secretary. The next change is, mat
instead of directing the Department to report next
January, it will authorize the Department to re-
] port as soon as practicable; so that the report may ;j add at the end of section first of the amendment
1 be made in a few days, if they shall have adjudi-!, of the committee, the words, " to be recorded,"
I cated on any claims within that time. The next ^
' change is, that the commissioners may sit in !
Washington, and decide, previous to setting out"
for California, on such a portion of these claims !'
as the testimony at hand will enable them to de- !
cide. The next is merely a verbal change, thatj;
they may report such claims as they consider to j
be just, with the evidence on which they are based. j]
Those are the only changes; and I have rea-
son to think that there will be nc^ opposition to ;
their passage.
so that it will read, ''shall be forwarded to th«
' proper local land offices respectively, and to ths
' General Land Office at Washington city, within
1 ninety days after the completion of the same to
' be recorded."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WALKER. The next amendment is to
incorporate, at the end of section third, such words
as have been incorporated in other similar bills:
Which lands bhall from time to time be offered at publie
The amendments were concurred in; and the ,
question recurred on the adoption of the amend-
ment reported from the committee, as amended.
Mr. GEYER. I desire that the second section 1
may be read, as amended.
The section was read, as follows: i
*find be it further enacted, That the Secretary of War |
be directed to ascertain and leport to Congress as &oon as j
practicable the amount of all just claims and demands for J
supplies Mummied or services rendeied to said troops?, and ,
moneys advanced for their support, and ail other debts and !
liabilities contracted with a view to the activc prosecution ;
of hostilities by said troops: and fortius purpose the Secre- j
tary be directed to appoint a board of three competent j
officers, to waiiniie witnesses and receive evidence in I
Washington, California, and elsewhere, in relation to such
claims, and report the claims which they may consider ]U->t, '
with the evidence in support of them, to the War Depart-
ment: Proiirfe.J, That public notice be given of the times ,
and place? of the sittings of said Board.
The amendment as amended was agreed to. The
; I sale to the highest bidder, under the direction of the Secre-
tary of the Interior, and shall not be subject to entry until
they shall have been so offered at public sale."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WALKER. That makes the bill conform
to other bills of this character.
The question was then taken on striking out the
original bill, and inserting the amendment reported
by the committee as amended; and it was agreed
to.
The further consideration of the bit! was theu
postponed till to-morrow.
THE DEFICIENCY" BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill from the House
of Representatives to supply deficiencies in the ap-
propriations for the service of the fiscal year end-
ing the 30th of June, 1852.
Mr. PEARCE addressed the Senate for two
bill was reported to ihe Senate as amended, and 1 noursana
was ordered to be engrossed fot a third reading. I Mr. uwin
! onmmtefvol
RAILROADS IN WISCONSIN.
Mr. WALKER.
proceed to the consideration of the bill granting to i| Appendix.]
1 1 . 1 . _ TTT. _ . n •. ^ « .  A. 1a i   ^ <1 C \ M 1. . i> t M
hours and a half, in reply to the remarks made by
Mr. Gwin some days ago, on the governmental
administration of affairs in California. Without
l( concluding he yielded the floor at the request of
1 move that the Senate now j Senators, [Mr. P.'s speech will be found in ths
the State of Wisconsin the right of way and a
donation of the public land, for the purpose of ]
locating and constructing a railroad from Fond du i
Lac to Janesville. I wish to take it up mainly for j;
the purpose of submitting certain amendments, that jj
we may perfect the form of the bill. We can dis- ||
pose of the amendments in a very few minutes, j;
and then it may he over, if it is desired. j|
i Mr. PCARCE. I wish to know if it is in-
| tended to occupy more than the morning hour' ;
! Mr. WALKER. No, sir. 1 simply wish to
j get some amendments introduced; and then it may '
i he over, if it is desired.
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, April 29, 1852.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Rev. Littleton F. Morgan.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the call of the Committee on Public Lands for
reports.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 move that the
. ,| rules of the House be suspended, and that the
The motion to postpone me previous orders for n House resolve itself into the Committee of th«
the purpose of taking up the lull was agreed to, i whole on the state of the Union.
and the Senile proceeded_to its consideration, as ;i Mr. GORMAN. I would ask the gentleman
in Committee of the Whole. j| from Tennessee to withdraw that motion, thatl
Mr. WALKER. This bill has been referred i iriay obtain the permission of the House to report,
to the Committee on Public Lands, and reported ^ fi-oni .. Qommittee on Military Affairs, the bill
back, with a substitute, in the form of the bills o f,.om ti,e Senate for the settlement of the accounts
which have been recently passed in relation to ;j 0f General Rtley. That distinguished officer has
o. ti „„„ ij ^ere j.Qj. j-our or gve months, awaiting the
similar grants to other States. There are cer-
tain amendments, however, which have been m-
coroorated in those other bills which are not in
this. I wish to make this bill conform to the bill
, granting land to Missouri for a similar purpose.
j I wish, also, to amend it in another respect. There
j are two bills reported fnr Wisconsin,and it may be
* as well not to make two bites at the cherry, but to
| amend them both at once The first amendment ;« H^'that ti,7Speaker might be authorized to
. is. to add at the end of the sixtn line, after the;! m,n,ber noon that com-
i word " Suite," tne following words: " and also a
J action of Congress upon this subject. The bill
H does not propose to take any money out of the
i! Treasury; and it will not take more than five
!| minutes to dispose of it.
'! Mr. McMULLIN. I object.
; Mr. BARRERE, from the Committee on En-
:i rolled Bills, asked the unanimous consent of tlia
railroad from Milwaukie, on Lake Michigan, to
Prairie La Cross, on the Mississippi river."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. 'WALKER. In consequence of that amend-
ment, there are certain amendments required, as
matters of course, changing certain words from the
singular to the plural; for instance, " railroad" to
" railroads," &c.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. They will be
made, of course.
Mr. WALKER. The next amendment pro-
posed to strike out the words:
"That t'ie ndit of way shall not exceed one hundred
feet on rich side of llie line of the road and a copy of the
tinvey.:;
And insert the words:
<l That in locating the railroads aforesaid, tmd a^igrning
lirn.N lo tiie easement, no more land sliail be rafcen from
the United States than is necessary for a convenient con-
stiuction and lis.;of s.sitl loads as a public waj for tiaspor-
tation, including s-tahons, with the u-'ital bmld'ngi ot al!
kinds, turnouts, and well other appurtenances as_ are
u-ua!ly eniojeil liv railroad companies, and" a copy oi hie
location."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr? WALKER. The next amendment is, to
appoint nn additional member upon that com-
mittee.
No objection being made, an order to that effect,
was entered upon the Journal.
Mr. BARRERE, from the Committee on En-
rolled Ellis, reported, as correctly enrolled, the
following bills; which severally received the sig-
nature of the Speaker, viz:
1. Ail act for the relief of Albra T. Tripp;
2. An act for the relief of James Lewis;
3. An act for the relief of Joseph Johnston;
4. An act for the relief of the Monroe Railroad
Company and their sureties;
5. Joint resolution approving and confirming an
act of the Legislative Assembly of the Territory
of Oregon, entitled an "Act to provide for the
' selection of places for the location and erection
' of the public buildings of the Territory of Oregon,
' and for other purposes;" and
6. An act for the payment of the arrears of pen-
sion to the heirs of Artemas Ccnant.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If it is the wish of
the House to receive the report of the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Gorman] with regard to the
bill for the relief of General Riley, I will not intei -
pose any obstruction. If there is no objection to
