1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2073
this system should be adopted, it should be adopt-
ed by a special act. If the gentleman will look at
his own amendment, he will see that it can never
be executed by the President. It makes a dis-
crimination; and we have to find out what each
Government does, and then the President must
direct somebody to collect it for him. It seems to
me that this amendment can never be carried out.
If the system is right, let it be presented in a bill,
and then we will adopt it after discussion.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois. I rise merely
to state, that I am opposed to this amendment and
the original amendment. This is a very import-
ant question, and the more it is discussed the
more evidence we have of its importance. Our
relations at the present time with Great Britain are
very delicate. It is necessary that we should un-
derstand this whole matter before we adopt the
amendment or the principles of the amendment
suggested by the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr.
Evans.] I hope that the whole amendment will
be voted down; and if this matter is to be acted
upon, I hope that the Committee on Foreign Re-
lations will bring the subject before the House
with all the evidence necessary to enlighten us in
regard to the principle contained in the amend-
ment.
Mr. EVANS. I should like to say to the gen-
tleman that this bill has to goto the Senate, before
the Committee on Foreign Relations, and that
committee can consider it.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Dean's
amendment, and it was rejected.
The question then recurred on Mr. Evans's
amendment.
Mr. EVAN'S demanded tellers; which were
ordered; and Messrs. Evans, and Campbell of
Illinois, were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 64, noes 52.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The following clause of the bill was then read:
" For supplying light-houses, containing 3,'272 lamp®,
with oil, tube-glasses, wicks. buff ^kins, wlntmcr, and cot-
ton cloth, transportation, and other expenses on the same,
and for repairing and keeping in repair the lighting appara-
tus, $18-2,330 78.
Mr. STANTON", of Ohio. I move to strike
this section out. I make this motion for the pur-
poseof calling the attention of the committee to the
inequality m the appropriations from the National
Treasury for the protection to internal and exter-
nal commerce.
It will be recollected, that in the river and har-
bor bill, which passed this House a few days ago,
about five sixths of the amount appropriated in
that bill were appropriated to the protection of
foreign commerce.
This morning the House voted down a resolu-
tion from one of the standing committees of the
House, authorizing the engraving of maps of a
survey for a canal round the Falls of the Ohio,
which would have cost some $600 or $700.
It is now proposed in the clause which I pro-
pose, to strike out to appropriate $182,330 for
keeping up the lights upon the Atlantic coasts.
The whole amount appropriated for light-houses
is $429,905. There is also, in a subsequent part
of this lull, an appropriation of §366,000 for the
continuation of the coast survey; making an ag-
gregate of §795,905 appropriated in this bill for
the protection of foreign commerce. I presume it
is true that the condition of the Treasury will not
warrant the appropriation of .'s large sums as could
be profitably expended in the protection of the in-
ternal commerce of the country. But I shall
always insist that such appropriations as are made
shall be distributed with some sort of equality to
the different sections of the country, according to
the wants and necessities of commerce, whether
domestic or foreign. The pressing necessities for
appropriations for the western rivers cannot be
denied; yet they are steadily and constantly re-
fused. And, while I admit the necessity for these
light-house appropriations, yet I would refuse
them, until gentlemen should make some reason-
able appropriations for western rivers.
Mr. BROOKS. The gentleman is forgetting
altogether, in the course of his remarks, that the
whole lake coast, from the St. Lawrence border,
belonging; to us, the coast of Lake Ontario, of Lake
Erie, of Lake Michigan, Lake Huron, Lake Su-
perior, all the upper lakes, the Mississippi river,
and the whole lake coast of Ohio, is lighted, as
well as the Atlantic coast.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. There are no light-
houses upon the Mississippi.
Mr. BROOKS. If it be in order, I should like
to show the gentleman that, instead of throwing
his obstruction in the way of apptopriations upon
the Atlantic coast, he should direct his remarks to
Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois, and convert the people
there as to their policy in improvements. Large
masses of people theie are against him, and he
should conect them before he assails us. The
difficulty lies in the gentleman's own neighbor-
hood. Hence, these remarks against the Atlantic
States are uncalled for and unnecessary; but they
are frequently made without any particular pur-
pose or any particular direction.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move to reduce
the sum ^50,000. 1 agree in the remarks of my
colleague as to the propriety of making these ap-
propriations upon some basis that will be equal.
A very simple proposition was made this morning
in regard to a very important improvement. 
Mr. HOUSTON. Is that debate in order?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules that any
discussion of a proposition pending in the House
this morning is not m order, and the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Campbell] must confine his re-
marks to the amendment which he has submitted.
Mr. CAMPBELL, Then I desire to say that
I see no reason why this enormous amount of
money should be appropriated u> the light-houses,
when nothmgis pioposed to be done for the gieat
commercial interests of the Mississippi valley.
The gentleman from New Yoik [Mr. Brooks]
talks about the light-houses upon the Ohio and
Mississippi and the western waters; when, in
fact, such a thing as a light-house upon any of
those great rivers would be regarded as a great
curiosity. When a gentleman as intelligent as the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Crooks] is pre-
sumed to be, makes an assertion of that kind, it
illustrates the character of legislation that we have
here in relation to western interests, and the ex-
tent of the information of mombeis of the East as i
to our real condition. We ask as a matter of
right,if you will give us nothing there to facilitate
the gieat commercial interests of that region, that
you shall reduce the amount of your taxes upon
us for the purpose of keeping up your light-house
system upon the sea-board and the northern lakes.
I said the other day that there is and has been a
combination here of the commercial interests of
the sea-board and lakes, against the great valley
of the Mississippi and the interior rivers of the
country.
Mr. MARTIN. Where do you want light-
houses ?
Mr. CAMPBELL. We do not want light-
houses. Take out the snags. But if you do not
take out the snags give us lights, that our steam-
boats and other craft may steer by them in the
dark hours of the night. We demand something
to be done there, that human life and property
may not be endangered. Until tins is done, 1 will
vote to strike out every dollar for light-houses in
this and every other bill. I will do all I can to
" shut off the gas" from the lights we have so long
kept up for your benefit, unless you will give
some just and substantial aid to remove impedi-
ments to western navigation.
It is the only way left by which we can suc-
cessfully bring this House to a proper appreciation
of the vast interests of the West. I propose to
strike out the present sum and insert $50,000.
That is enough under the circumstances, and it is
ten times as much as should be given until there
is something done for the other interests of the
interior, which have been so long and so shame-
fully neglected.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I will say in oppo-
sition to the amendment of the gentleman from
Ohio, that even supposing everything he says is
true, this is not the proper place to make there-
form that he proposes. Light-houses run through
three bills. The light-house bill proper comes
from the Committee on Commerce, and they au-
thorize all of the new structures which are to be
made. After they have been authorized by law,
they then go into the Army appropriation bill, and
whilst they are in course of construction they are
under the charge of the War Department. But
after they are finished, they then go into the civil
and diplomatic bill, and the appropriations in this
bill are only for light-houses already established,
and already existing. Now, I do not suppose
that the gentleman, because he thinks justice is not
done to the West, wishes to leave without sup-
port, light-houses that have actually been con-
structed .
A Member. Yes, he does.
Mr. BAYLY. Very well; if he proposes that
I have nothing more to say.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. We once had
snag-boats on the Mississippi which you allowed
to go down for want of appropriations.
Mr. SMART. With the permission of the
gentleman from Virginia, I will occupy the re-
mainder of his five minutes. The gentleman from
Ohio [Mr C ympbell] says that there are no light-
houses located in Ohio.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I beg to correct the gen-
tleman. I did not say so at all. I said there were
none on the Ohio river.
Mr. SMART. I will read from the Blue-Book
a list of light-houses in Ohio, that will show that
the gentleman is mistaken if he says there are no
light-houses in that State.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The gentleman is misrep-
resenting me. I said there were no light-houses
on the Ohio and other western rivers. I repeat
once more, I did not say there were none upon
the lake shore.
Mr. SMART. I may have misunderstood the
gentleman, but 
[Cries of "Order!"]
The CHAIRMAN, The five minutes of the
gentleman from Virginia have expired.
Mr. SMART. Then I move to amend tho
amendment by striking out " $50,000," and in-
serting " $40,000" in lieu thereof.
1 will say, without any reference to the remarks
of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Campbell,]
that upon examining the Blue-Book, I find a list
of light-houses in the State of Ohio.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I must correct the gentle-
man again. In leply to the gentleman from New
Yoik, [Mr. Brooks,] who stated that there were
light-houses on the Missouri and Mississippi
rivers, I expressly said there were no light-houses
on the western rivers.
Mr. SMART. Without reference to the asser-
tion of the gentleman, I suppose it is still compe-
tent for me to show how many light-houses there
nre in the State of Ohio, and that is what I intend
to do. If the gentleman will permit me, I will
read from the Blue-Book the list of light-houses in
that State. It is as follows:
Grand river and beacon; Cleveland and beacon;
Conneaut river beacon; Ashtabula beacon; Black
river beacon ; Turtle Island; Sandusky; Port Clin-
ton; Huron river beacon: Cedar Point beacon;
Western Sister Island; Vermillion beacon.
Mr. Chairman, these are all light-houses in
Ohio, and I want to ask the gentleman if he wishes
any more. If he does, let him make his applica-
tion to the Committee on Commerce, and the wants
of his section will doubtless be considered.
I should like to know if he wishes to put out
every light on the coast of the United States 5 I
ask him whether these light-houses are not re-
motely for the benefit even of his section of the
country? I wish to know how the gentleman
could get his products to the European market, if
all the lights were blown out from one end of the
coast to "the other? I do not think that is a very
statesmanlike proposition, come from what quar-
ter it may. It stnkes me that it is not. I find that
there are twelve light-houses m the State of Ohio,
and I think that under the circumstances, consid-
ering that there is very little coast in Ohio, that
will do very well. The gentleman need not be
quite so squeamish about this appropriation for
light-houses. It seems to me, that it would be a
very remarkable thing if the American Congress
were to blow out the lights on the whole coast,
from Maine to Florida—"shut off the gas.'' That
is the proposition of the gentleman, as I under-
stand it. It is suggested to me by the gentleman
from Virginia, [Mr. Bayly,] that they have more
light-houses in Ohio in proportion to their extent
of coast than we have in Maine. Such, sir, is the
fact. The coast of Maine is a very long one. It
has a shore line of 1,355 miles.
Mr. G1DDINGS said: I am opposed to the
amendment to the amendment. But I rise to en-
ter my protest against the ideas advanced by my
colleague, [Mr. Campbell.] Sir, I have sat here
