2074
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 4,
during the discussion on the harbor and river bill,
and heard myself and my colleagues of the lake-
shore assailed, as having entered into a combina-
tion with the gentlemen from the sea-coast in order
to procure appropriations for the lakes and sea-
board while we neglected the western rivers.
Now, sir, I desire to know on what my colleague
has based this unfounded assertion.
[Cries of" Order!"]
Mr. CAMPBELL. "Will my colleague allow
me to explain ?
Mr. G1DDINGS. Not now, for I have only
five minutes. My colleague may have ten min-
utes afterwards, if he can get it. [Laughter.] I
believe my colleague supports the present Admin-
istration 
[Loud cries of " Order !"]
The CHAIRMAN. Thegentleman from Ohio
must confine his remarks to the amendment which
he is opposing.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I intend to do it most strictly.
I now say that the proper bureau has all the in-
telligence upon this subject which can be procured;
and the head of that bureau tells us where these
appropriations for light-houses on the lakes and
sea-board, and for the removal of snags, and so
forth, on the rivers are necessary. Now, let me
say to the country, that every dollar recommended
by the present Executive for the improvement of
western rivers has been embraced in the bill which
we have passed for thatpurpose;and the wrath and
denunciation of my colleagues have been poured
out upon gentlemen here, because we did not go
beyond the proper bureau, and take upon our-
selves the province of declaring appropriations
necessary and important, where the Executive has
not done it, and where we had no knowledge that
they were necessary. Sir, I feel a little upon this
subject. I have confidence in the bureau that has
this matter in charge, and when they tell us what
is necessary, I believe them, for they have the
means of knowing better than my colleague or my-
self, or other gentlemen.
Now, in regard to light houses. My colleague
wants to put out the lights on the lake shore. Sir,
will he stand up here and say that he is opposed to
this appropriation to light the tempest-tossed mar-
iners on our lakes? Will he say to his constitu-
ents, and to the people of Ohio, that those lights
should be extinguished, and that the sailors upon
■our lakes shall wander in the darkness and storms,
liable to be cast upon our irori-bound shores for
want of lights ? No, sir. I understand this mat-
ter. I understand these denunciations. I under-
stand this charge of conspiracy. Who have en-
tered into any such combination? 1 hope my
colleague will point them out. I undertake to say
that there has been no such thing as thegentleman
has imputed to us dreamed of. No man ever
thought of it. I have voted for every appropria-
tion for harbors and for rivers that has been rec-
ommended by the proper bureau and reported to
this House. The Committee on Commerce cut
down the appropriations recommended by the De-
partment for harbors on our lakes, but not so with
the rivers. My own district has been denied the
amount recommended by the Administration, but
not so with my colleague's district and the other
districts upon the river. There, every cent rec-
ommended by the Department was given them.
Yet with the full amount proposed by the Topo-
graphical Bureau, while the lakes are not allowed
the sums recommended, gentlemen on the river
turn round and charge us with opposition to their
interests. Sir, in every bill that has come before
usforfifteen years, I have voted every dollar to the
rivers which has been recommended by the Ad-
ministration, and I advise gentlemen to be more
cautious m making charges so utterly unfounded.
There can be no grounds for misapprehension.
The recommendation of the Department has been
before usduringthe whole session. I merely state
this, in order that the country shall understand
that there is no foundation for the imputation
which my colleague has been making ar d reiter-
ating during the discussion of the harbor bill, and
has repeated here to-day.
Mr. SMART. I will now withdraw my amend-
ment.
The amendment was accordingly withdrawn.
The question recurred U{>on Mr. CampbellJs
amendment, and being put, it was decided in the
negative.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I propose to re-
duce the amount of the appropriation to $75,000.
I desire to say to my honorable colleague from the
lake shore, [Mr. Giddings>,] that although I may
not be able "to prove specifically, combinations, I
can refer generally to the votes and to the actions
of gentlemen representing those sections, for the
purpose of showing that there has been strange
unanimity of action between the sea-board and
the lakes, in voting down all propositions to im-
prove the rivers of the interior.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman must con-
fine his remarks to the subject-matter of his amend-
ment.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I only desire the same lat-
itude that was allowed'to my colleague. Now, it
is a little remarkable that my colleague, (whose
feelings and votes are never sectional, we all know,)
if he looks to all the great interests of this coun-
try, should have voted as he did this morning,
against a simple proposition to print, upon the
plates already provided, the maps designed to im-
part to this House and to the country the most
reliable information in regard to an improvement
of great interest to the entire West, at the Fa'lls
of the Ohio; still he is ready always to vote any
amount of money for anything upon the lake
shore, which he immediately represents. Now,
sir, my constituents are interested about as much
in the trade of the lakes as they are in the trade
of the western rivers. The people of my district
trade both with the North and South. I come
here to legislate for the whole country—for the
lake shore, for the sea-board,and for the great
rivers of the West, and I ask—as I have a right to
ask—on behalf of my constituents, and of other
sections whose people bear their share of these
expenditures, and whose interests have long been
neglected here, that there shall be something like
equality now and in the future.
The question has been propounded to me by
my colleague, whether I would shut off the light
from the light-houses on the lakes, and let the lives
of the sailors on those lakes be endangered for the
want of such lights? I say in reply to my honor-
able colleague, that the lives of the sailors and flat-
boatmen on the Ohio, and other inland rivers, are
as dear to me as the lives of his constituents on
the lakes, and I shall stand here to protect the
rights anil interests of those who navigate those
dangerous waters, as well as the lives and inter-
ests of those upon the lakes. And, sir, until gen-
tlemen come here prepared to extend to them the
arm of protection against the dangers of those
waters, 1 say you shall not take money out of the
Treasury, in which they have a common right
with you, for the purpose of protecting other in-
terests. Let all stand upon terms of equality. If
you protect the lives of your sailors upon the
lakes, and the interests upon your sea-board, I de-
mand of you, as the representatives of the Ameri-
can people, that you shall give equal protection to
the iives and property of the people of the great
West.
Thegentleman from Maine [Mr. Smart] speaks
of the number of light-houses upon the lakes. He
makes no point on me in that way, because these
light-houses are on the lakes, and the ground of
my complaint was, that the interests of the lakes
and sea-board were alone protected by our legis-
lation here to the great neglect of the interests of
the navigable rivers. Sir, I stand here to-day to
oppose the continuance of this unequal and op-
pressive system of taking the money from the
pockets of the people of one section, and expend-
ing it for the advantage and benefit of other sec-
tions of this Union.
Mr. SMART. I ask the gentleman if he claims
that any injustice has been done him or his section
of country, or the valley of the Mississippi?
Mr. CAMPBELL, i do not represent any dis-
trict upon this subject, but I speak now the pre-
vailing sentiments of all classes and all portions
of the West. I represent, and desire to protect,
alike the interests of all classes and all sections
of the country; and I therefore denounce this in-
equality in your appropriations.
Mr. CARTTER. I am ready to acquiesce in
any reasonable humbug for the benefit of the West,
[laughter,] any plausible humbug; but when you
come to talk about light-houses upon the Ohio
river I am ready to filibuster. [Laughter.]
Mr. CAMPBELL. I presume the gentleman did
not understand me as proposing any such thing.
Mr. CARTTER. I understand my colleague
to be opposed to light-houses upon the lakes be-
cause there are no light-houses upon the Ohio
river.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Not at all; I am opposed
to appropriating money for the purpose of build-
ing light-houses upon the lakes until a bill has
been passed to take the snags out of the Ohio and
Mississippi rivers.
Mr. CARTTER. WeII,underthe mostfavor-
able aspect of the question, I understand the atti-
tude of my colleague to be that the frontier and
sea-coast of this Republic are to be kept in mid-
night darkness hereafter, because there are no light-
houses upon the Ohio river.
Now, m reference to this conspiracy, which my
colleague talks about, between the lakes and the
Atlantic, I want to say a word. I am in favor of
that conspiracy. It is a conspiracy in necessity—
a conspiracy in nature, and that description of
conspiracy which is authorized by the defenses of
the Republic and her maritime interests; and the
idea of checkmating it by talking about light-
houses upon the Mississippi and Ohio rivers, is
one unworthy the position of a statesman; for
anybody who knows anything about these rivers,
knows that all this talk about building light-houses
upon them is a fiction. They sail upon these
rivers within half a mile of each shore, with head-
lands and land-marks within view of the pilot at
all times when you can make a passage in the
channel, as anybody who knows anything about
these rivers knows. Yet my colleague, in his effer-
vescence for the interest of the rivers, endeavors
to elevate them to the position of the high seas.
Now, 1 protest against the whole of this; and if
my colleague sees fit to give it the character of a
conpiracy, I say that there should be a conspiracy
between the lakes and the Atlantic coast; for there
is nothing distinguishable between the perils of
the navigation of either.
I protested against the connection of the subject
of rivers with the lakes and the Atlantic coast, as
the chairman of the Committee on Commerce will
bear me witness, in the early part of the session.
There is no natural alliance between them. Your
high seas require national protection for the na-
tional defense, and this joining them with the
rivers is an adulterous connection, which never
ought to have been formed in the Committee on
Commerce, and against which I enter my most
solemn protest. If you have any national object
for improvement upon your rivers, make your
improvements, and make them upon their own
merits; but do not attempt to harness down the
winds and the waves upon your high seas to the
narrow channels of your rivers. Do not attempt
to involve your national highways for the national
defense with the mere question of commercial con-
venience. It is an adulterous connection which
never ought to be maintained.
The question now being upon Mr. Campbell's
amendment, it was taken, and the amendment
was not agreed to.
Mr. GOODENOW. I move that the commit-
tee do now rise.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio, moved, pro/omct, to
strike out the 544th and 545th lines.
Mr. S. said: I offer that amendment merely for
the purpose of enabling me to make a remailc in
reply to my colleague. My colleague from the
Ashtabula district [Mr. Giddings] wanted to
know what evidence there was of a combination
between the lakes and the sea-board ?
Mr. HOUSTON. I must insist upon the en-
forcement of the rule. It seems to me that we are
not carrying on a legitimate discussion.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ohio
must confine his remarks to showing reasons why
this amendment should be adopted.
Mr. STANTON. My colleague said he voted
for all the improvements estimated for. I wish to
correct him in this particular.
[Cries of " Order!" "Order!"]
There is an estimate from the proper Depart-
ment for a canal around the Palls of the Ohio at
Louisville. He voted against that.
[Cries of " Order!"]
The CHAIRMAN. Thegentleman from Ohio
is not in order.
Mr. STANTON. I am as much so as my col-
j leagues were in the questions which they dis-
! cussed.
