298
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 19,
Ution to the land claims of Joseph Sansfacon and
others; which were reierred to the Committee on
Private Land Claims, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. STOCKTON presented a memorial of in-
ventors, praying that the Patent Office building
may be completed according; to the original design,
and kept exclusively for the transaction of the
business of that office; which was referred to the
Committee on Patents and the Patent Office.
MEXICAN CLAXMS.
Mr. STOCKTON. I have a memorial in my
hand which strikes me as one of very great im-
portance. It is from Jonas P. Levy. It seems
front his memorial- that he was a merchant doing
business in Mexico, on whose property spoliations
were perpetrated. His case was presented to the
Board of Commissioners appointed for the adju-
dication of such claims. He complains that that
Board did.not do him justice; besides that, he says
they have lost his papers, and he prays that Con-
gress will grant him relief. The importance of
this memorial would seem to justify a little more
attention'than isgenerally paid to such things when
they are referred to the ordinary committees of
the Senate, f therefore move that a spccial com-
mittee be appointed on this memorial, with power
to send for persons and papers.
Mr. HUNTER. I believe occasions are very
rare when the Senate creates special committees.
It seems to me that this petition ought to go prop-
erly to the Committee on Foreign Relations; and
I move that it be referred to that Committee.
The PRESIDENT. That being a standing
committee, the latter motion will be first put.
Mr. DOWNS. Several memorials of the same
kind have been presented by myself and others,
which have been laid upon the table. I think this<
is a very important matter. I would like some
time to consider \vhether it is proper to refer these
memorials to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
The general impression has been that they ought
to be referred to a select committee. Tiiese me-
morials are very similar in some respects to those
on the subject of French spoliations, which have
been referred to a select committee. I have some,
other memorials to present on this subject; I hope,
thefefore, that this memorial will be laid upon the
table for the present until the othei s can be offered.
Mr. HUNTER. I am willing to accommodate
the Senator.
Mr. DOWNS. I move that the memorial be
laid upon the table.
The motion was agreed to.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. SHIELDS, it was
Ordered, Thai the documents on the files of the Senate,
in relation to the claim (H the widow of Lieutenant-Colonel
/Eneas Muckay to a pension, be refwirod to Die Committee
on Pensions.
On motion by Mr. BORLAND, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Maik Bean and Richard
II. Ucdn, on the hie.s or'the Senate, he refeired to the Com-
mittee on Pubhe Land .
On motion by Mr. FELCH, it was
Ordered, That the petitions of citizens of AIichi«ran, on
the files ot the Senate, relating to the adjustment of private
Jand claims in that State, be referred to the Committee on
Private Land Claims.
On motion by Mr. BRIGHT, it was
Ordct cd, That the documents on the files of the Senate,
relating to the claim of Ebcnezer Dumont, be refened to the
Committee of Claims.
On motion by Mr. DOWNS, it was
Ordered, That the memonal of Thomas H. McManu«,
on the files of the Senate, be iefeiied to the Committee on
Private Land Claim*.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. BAYARD, from the Committee of Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of Samuel M.
Boots, asking compensation for clerical services,
submitted an adverse report; which was ordered
to be printed.
Mr. FELCH, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred a memorial of the
* Legislature of the State of Alabama, reported a bill
authorizing the sale of certain reserved lands m
Alabama; which was read and passed to a second
reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill in relation to a certain lot of
land in the town of Gnadenhutten, m the State of
Ohio, reported the same without amendment.
Mr. STOCKTON, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom was referred the petition of Eliz-
abeth Munroe, praying a pension, reported a. bill;
which was read ana passed to a-second reading.
He also presented a report on the above peti-
tion; which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was r eferred the petitions of Sarah Bennett and of
Thomas Flannagan, praying to be allowed pen-
sions, reported adversely thereon.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom was referred the memorial of
Mary W. Thompson, reported a bill for her re-
lief; which was read,and passed to a second
reading.
He also presented a report on the above me-
morial; which was ordered to be printed.
NOTICES OP BILLS' , '
- Mr. SHIELDS gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill to amend an act enti-
tled 44 An act to incorporate the Washington Gas-
light Company," approved July 8, 1848.
Mr. BRADBURY gave notice of his intention
to ask leave to introduce a bill to alter and amend
the judicial system of the United States.
Mr. OrWIN gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce a bill to release the bonds given
for duties on goods, wares and merchandise de-
stroyed by fire in the city of San Francisco, in
California, and for other purposes.
Mr. BORLAND gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill to amend the act ap-
proved April 20,1818, entitled "An act in addition
to the 'Act for the punishment of certain crimes
against the United States/ and to repeal the acts
therein mentioned."
BILLS INTRODUCED*
Mr. GWIN, agreeably to previous notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill to refund to
the Stat© of California the expenses incurred in
suppressing Indian aggressions in that State; which
was read a* first and second time by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Military Allah s.
Mi\ STOCKTON, agreeably to previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill to
authorize the Postmaster General to contract for
carrying the mails between Jersey City, State of
New Jersey, and port of New York, and Galway,
in Ireland; which was read a first and second time
by its title, and refened to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. WADE, agreeably to previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill to
<imend an act entitled "An act to provide for the
due execution of the laws of the United States in
the State of Ohio;55 which was read a first and
second time by its title, and refened to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. SHIELDS, a^t eeably to previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill to
authorize Jacob Banta to locate two revolutionary
bounty land certificates; which was read a first
and second time by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
NON-INTERVENTION.
Mr. CLARKE, agreeably to previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to bring in joint resolu-
tions reaffirming the doctrine of non-intervention;
which were read a first and second time by their
titles, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole.
The resolutions are as follows:
JOINT RESOLUTIONS.
Resoloed by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United Slates of •Ameiica in Congress assembled^ That
Congress recognizes and reaffirms those truth?, '• That gov-
; einments are instituted anions* men to secure the malien-
' able lights of life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness,
4 denvine their ju-t poweis fiom the consent of the gov-
'eined: That u henever any form of government becomes
' destructive of these ends, it is the right of the people to
' alter oi to abolish it, and to institute a nevr government,
'laying it-< foundation upon such principles and organizing
' its powers m s,uch form as to them shall seem most likely
'to efieet their safety and happiness."
Rcsohed, That while we claim for ourselves these com-
piehensive rights of self-government, and also as a conse-
quence of sovereignly, the right to he exempt fiom the eo-
eicion, control, or interference of others in themanagement
of our internal affairs, we concerts to others the same
measute of right—the same unqualified independence.
Rejoiced, That it is upon the sacred principle of inde-
pendent >-o'veiemnty that we recognize, m our intercourse
with other nations, jroveinments de fucto^ without inquir-
ing by what means they have been established, or in what
manner they exercise their powers.
Resolved,' That this Government has solemnly adopted,
and will perseveringly adhere to, as a principle of interna-
tional action, the advice given by Washington in his Fare-
well Address: " Observe good faith and justice towards all
'nations. Cultivate peace and harmony with all.'5 k<Give to
{mankind the magnanimous and too novel an example ol a
'people always guided by an exalted justice and bonrvo-
(fence." " Sympathy tor a favorite nation betrays iue)i into
< a participation inttf the quarrels and wars of another, with-
' out adequatc^iduceiflent oi justification*" u Against the
4 insidious of foreign influence, the jealousy of a free
' people ought to be constantly awake, for foreign influence
< is the most baneful toe of republican governments." " The
(true rule of conduct for us m regard to foreign nations, is
4 in extending our commercial relations, to have with them
c as little political connection as possible." u Why quit our
1 own to stand upon foreign ground.? Why, by interweav-
(ing our destiny with that of any part of Europe, entangle
' oui peace and prosperity in the toils of European ambition, ♦
4 nvalship, interest, humor, or caprice."
Resolved, That while we cherish the liveliest sympathy
towards all who strive for fieedom of opinion and for free
institutions, yet we recognize our true policy m the great
fundamental principles given to us by Jefferson : "Equal
4 and exact justice to all men, of whatever State or per&ua-
4 sion—-religious or political—peace, commerce, and honest
4 friendship with ail nations, entangling alliances with
4 none."
Resolred, That although we adhere to these essential
pnnciples of non-inteivention as forming the true and last-
ing foundation of our prosperity and happiness, yet when-
ever a prudent foresight shall wain us that our own liberties
and institutions are threatened, then a just regard to our own
safety will require us to advance to the conflict rather than
await the approach of the foes of constitutional freedom and
of human liberty.
On motion by Mr. CLARKE, it was
Ordered, That they lie on the table and be printed.
SPIRIT RATION IN THE NAVY,
Mr. SUMNER submitted the following resolu-
tion for consideration:
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be
directed to inquire into the expediency of abolishing the
spirit ration in the Navy of the United States, and at the
same time of increasing the monthly pay of all the enlisted
men in tins service.
ADDITIONAL COMMITTEE CLERK.
Mr. SEBASTIAN submitted the following res- .
olution for consideration:
Resolved, That the Committee on Indian Affairs be
authorized to employ a rlPik duimgthe present session of
Congress.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives by Mr. Forney, their Clerk:
Mr. President: The House of Representatives have
passed the following bills from the Senate:
44 An act authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury to
issue a register to the brig Ada;
" An act to provide a room tor the Congressional Libra-
ry."
They concur in the amendments of the Senate to the
bill to admit a ceitain vessel to registry.
The President of the United States approved and signed,
on the 13fh instant, the following bill and joint resolution:
'• An act making appropnations to meet the expanses in-
curied in consequence of the latS fire in the Capitol;
" Joint resolution to authoiize the Postmaster General to
legalize certain contract's for the transportation of the mail
in California and Oregon." %
BILLS FROM THE HOUS^
The following bills from the House of Repre-
sentatives were read a first and second time by
their titles and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary:
An act authorizing the payment of interest to
the State of New Hampshire, for advances made
for the use and benefit of the United States in re-
pelling invasion and suppressing insurrection at
Indian Stream, in the said State;
An act for the relief of the executors and heirs
of Thomas Fletcher, deceased; and
An act for the relief of James Lewis.
The following bills were referred to the. Com-
mittee on Finance:
An act for the relief of James Ferguson, sur-
viving partner of the firm of Ferguson & Mil-
hado; and
An act for the relief of Williams, Staples &
Williams.
An act for the relief of William Greer was re-
ferred to the Committee of (Claims.
THE COMPROMISE MEASURES.
The PRESIDENT announced the arrival of the
hour for the consideration of the special order, viz:
the resolution some time sincc submitted by Mr.
Foote, of Mississippi, declaring the compromise
measures a definitive settlement of all questions
growing out of the subject of slavery.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I hope that resolution
will be laid upon the table or passed over infor-
mally, that the Senate may proceed to the con-
sideration of the bounty land bill. 1 move that its
consideration be postponed until to-morrow.
The PRESIDENT. By unanimous consent it
may be passed over.
