1210
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 29,
receiving the report, I will withdraw my motion
to go into committee.
Mr. McMULLIN. I object, because the de-
bate .upon the homestead bill is to be closed to
day.
IChe question was then taken upon the motion
of Mr. Jones, that the rules of the House be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and it was agreed to.
HOMESTEAD BILL.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Hibbard in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN stated that the business be-
fore the committee was House bill No. 7, being a
bill to encourage agriculture, commerce, manufac-
tures, and all other branches of industry, by grant-
ing every man who is at the head of a family, and
a citizen of the United States, a homestead of one
hundred and sixty acres of land out of the public
domain, upon condition of occupancy and culti-
vation of the same, for the period therein specified,
and that upon that question the gentleman from
Maryland [Mr. Walsh] had the floor.
Mr. WALSH addressed the committee an hour
principally upon the subject of the compromise
measures, for the maintenance of which he was
in favor, and in reciting the wrongs which had
been perpetrated upon the South by the past
legislation of the country. He also alluded to the
manifesto of the Southern Whig members, who
had withdrawn from the recent caucus held in the
Senate Chamber, and indorsed the sentiments
imbodied in that paper. [His speech will be found
in the Appendix.]
Mr. HENN said he had prepared a speech in
favor of the bill, and would hand it to the printer
for publication. [It will be found in the Appen-
dix.]
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, addressed the
committee an hour in favor of the bill, arguing to
show its constitutionality, and its expediency.
He maintained that it was constitutional, and that
the whole practice of the Government, ever since,
and during the days of Washington, had been
to make grants and benefactions of lands. He
showed that some of the very gentlemen who had
opposed this bill on the ground of the want of con-
stitutional power in Congress to pass it, had them-
selves, at tne last Congress, voted some forty-eight
millions by way of bounty to the soldiers who had
been engaged in the several wars of the United
States, and' sometwenty millions of swamplands to
tlieStat.es. Hepointed out the good effect the pas-
wage of the bill would have upon the agricultural,
commercial, and manufacturing interests of the
country. He dwelt at some length upon its moial
effect upon the institutions of the country; and
showed that its tendency would be to make the
citizen a freeman in the proper sense of the term.
[Mr. J.'s speech will be found in the Appendix.]
The CHAIRMAN stated that the hour had ar-
rived which the House had fixed for closing the
general debate.
Mr. McMULLTN availed himself of his right
under the rule, as chairman of thecommittee who
reported the bill, and addressed the committee an
hour. He differed with his colleagues [Mr. Aver-
ett and Mr. Milj.son-] who bad opposed this bill
on the ground of unconstitutionality. He had
himself been opposed to this policy, but not on
constitutional grounds. He was now in favor
of the original bill, but preferred the plan sug-
gested by the gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr.
Brown,] of allowing occupancy upon the land,
and eventual payment to the Government by the
settler of a^nominal price. He then expressed
some views in favor of the compromise measures,
and a hope and belief that the Baltimore Conven-
tion would select a man as the Democratic candi-
date for the Presidency known to be in favor of
an adherence to the fugitive slave law. [His
speech will be found in the Appendix.]
Mr. MOORE, ofPennsylvania, inquired whether
an amendment to the bill was in order?
The CHAIRMAN said that it was not.
Mr. GOODENOW moved that the committee
rise.
The question was put, and the motion agreed
to.
The committee accordingly rose, and the Speaker
havmg resumed the chair, the Chairman (Mr.
Hibbard) reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union had, according
to order, had under consideration the state of the
Union generally, and particularly House bill No.
7, being a bill to encourage agriculture, commerce,
manufactures, and all other branches of industry,
by granting every man who is at the head of a
family and a citizen of the United States, a home-
stead of one hundred and sixty acres of land out
of the publicdomain,upon condition of occupancy
and cultivation of the same, for the period herein
specified, and £ad come to no conclusion thereon.
On motion of Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois,
the House then adjourned till to-morrow, at twelve
o'clock, m.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions, memonals, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees :
By Mr. PRICE : The petition of the citizens of the city
ofNewaik, New Jersey, pra> nig for the improvement of
the Nowaik harbor.
Also, the petition of the citizens of the city of Newark,
praying for the improvement of the Passaic river.
Also, the memorial of the Mayoi and Common Council of
the city ofNewark, praying for the removal of the obstruc-
tions in Newark bay and the Passaic river.
Also, the resolutions of the Common Council of the city
of Newark, a-king for an appropriation for the removal of
the obstructions at the mouth of the Passaic river.
Also, two lesolutions of the Legislature of the State of
New Jersey, for the lemoval of the obstruction*., and im-
proving the navigation of the Pas&aic river, and Nevvaik
bay.
fly Mr. IIASCALL : Thepetition of Benjamin F. Hays,
of Chicago, Illinois, piajing for the passage ot an act to
amhonze him to locate ceiUiu lauds at Oconto Falls, in
Brown county, State of Wisconsin,
Also, the petition of Sheldon Henry, of Pembroke, in the
Stale of Now Yoj k, praying tor the parage of an act allow-
ing him back pay for services rendeicd in the late war with
Gteat Britain.
By Mi. tMBLRY : The petition of A. ft. Ames and 56
other citizens of Minnesota, piajing that a pennon be
granted to Anthony Page.
By Mr. ASIItJ: The memorial of John N. Canl^by and
other*, prav mg an appropuation for removing obstructions
at the mouth of the Cape Teai river.
By Mr. DAWSON: The memorial of James Parson and
other;-, asking the passage of a law to authorise the con-
struction of a railroad, commencing at or near Council
Bluffs, on the Mi^oun river, and extending up the valley
of the Platte river to the South Pass m ttie Rocky Moun-
tains, to California and Oregon, and that the Tcmtoryof
Nebraska be laid olf by suitable boundaries, and wholly
appropriated to the purpose of making said road, which
they apprehend would he from the forty-first to the forty-
third drgre« of noith latitude, and extend the breadth to the
Pacific ocean; and that the right and title to the whole of
said Terntoiy he bylaw vested in such company as will
make >aid road, in a style commensurate with its import-
ance to the people of the United States, and who will trans-
port thereon the properly and tioops and public mail of
the United States tree of charge
Ry Mr. EASTMAN: The petition of citizens of Iowa
and Lalavette countie®, Wisconsin, for a mail route from
Mineial Point, via D.ulingtori and Avon, to Shulls-burg.
By Mr. DUKKl-'K: The incnnmal fiom the masters of
ves««eK at Chicago, Illinois, in favor of a hatbor appropri-
ation at Iiacnie, Wisconsin.
ANo, a memoiial ot the Mayor and Aldennen of Racirie,
for the Miot; object.
Al*-o, the petition of citizens of Chicago, praying for the
same object.
Also, a remonstrance from The Mayoi and Council on the
fame subject.
Bv Mr. POLK: Thepetition ofcitizensof Bedford,Mar-
shall, Giles, Lawrence, and Wayne counties, in the State
of Tennessee, ptaying for the establishment of a mail route
from Shplhyville, via Pulaski and Lawrenceburg, to
Wavnesborougb.
IN SENATE.
Friday, dpril 30, 1852.
Prayer by the Rev. Littleton F. Morgan.
Mr. PEARCE. I ask the consent of the Sen-
ate to postpone the I usmess assigned to this day
for the present, for the purpose of taking up the
deficiency bill; and I will very briefly state the
reasons why I ask this. They are partly per-
sonal and partly public. My health is very pre-
carious just now, and 1 do not know that I shall
be able on another day to continue the speech
which I commenced yesterday. To-day I am able,
and desirous of doing so; and, in addition to
that, it is very desirable that the deficiency bill
should be disposed of speedily. I know the fact,
as I learn from the Quartermaster's Department,
that there are troops now on their way to Oregon
which must heaided if possible. °
Mr. HAMLIN. 1 desire to know if the Senator
wishes to take up the bill named before the expi-
ration of the morning hour?
Mr. PEARCE. Ye.«, sir, now; and I will be
through by the time the morning hour expWes.
Mr. SHIELDS. There was a bill on its pas-
sage yesterday, which was arrested by the honor-
able Senator from Rhode island, [Mr. Clarke,]
in order that it might be amended still further, i
have inquired of the honorable Senator if he can-
not as well attach his proposed amendment to
another bill, and he has consented to do so. As
the bill which I wish to have passed is one which
the Senator from California is also anxious to
have passed immediately, I hope it may be taken
up and disposed of.
Mr. PEARCE. I withdraw my motion, to ac-
commodate the Senator.
The bill entitled "An act to create a Board of
Commissioners for the examination and payment
of claims against the United States growing out
of the conquest of California,99 was then read a
third time, and passed.
THE DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. PEARCE. I now move to proceed to the
consideration of the deficiency bill.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PEARCE resumed, and concluded the
speech which he commenced yesterday.
Mr. GWIN replied at considerable length.
[These speeches will be found in the Appen-
dix.]
Mr. HALE. As the debate on the deficiency
bill has taken a very wide range, I wish to inquire
of the Chair if it would be m order for me, on that
bill, to make some remarks, which I wish to sub-
mit, in reference to the policy of the Democratic
and Whig parties as to adopting the compromise
finality platform. [Laughter.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Mangum
occupying the chair.) It would not he in order.
Mr. ADAMS submitted the following resolution
for consideration:
Resolved, That the Senate meet to-morrow at eleven
o'clock, and consider the deficicncy bill until one o'clock,
when all debate shall be closed, and a vote taken upon the
bill and amendments then pending.
Objection being made, it was laid overunder the
rule.
On the motion of Mr. RUSK, the further con-
sideration of the bill was postponed until Mon-
day.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. RUSK presented the petition of Charles
B. Brower, late a lieutenant in the Army, dis-
missed by a court-martial, praying to be reinstated
in his former rank; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. SEWARD presented the petition of Sam-
uel Church, praying remuneration for the loss of
clothing and health in the military service of the
United States during the last war with Great
Britain; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. HUNTER presented the petition of Octa-
vius Haymond, assistant marshal for taking the
Seventh Census in Virginia, praying additional
compensation; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
Mr. WPXITCOMB.presented a petition of citi-
zens of Noble county, Indiana, praying an alter-
ation in the mode of calculating time, and the
establishment by the United States of an Almanac
on a new plan; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Library.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion by Mr. SUMNER , it was
Ordered, That leave bejranted to withdraw the petition
and papers of J. B. Tobey & Co., and others.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. GWiN, from the Committee on Naval
Aftairs, to which was referred the memorial of
Hugh Wallace Wormeley, formerly an officer in
the Navy, submitted an adverse report; which
was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the memorial of John S. Van Dyke,
asking payment of the prize money due his
brother in the case of the capture of the French
frigate, L'Insurgente, submitted an adverse report;
which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. BRODHEAD, from the Committee on
Claims, to which was referred the memorial of
Combs Greenwell, praying an allowance of pay
while suffering from a fall from a United States
vessel, while in the discharge of his duty as a
machinist at the Navy-Yard, Washington, Dis-
trict of Columbia, submitted a report, accompanied
