1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2075
Mr. GIDDINGS. I want to correct my col-
league, for I know he would not willingly misrep-
resent me. 1 said, nothing about estimates; I said
recommendations.
Mr. STANTON. Very well; recommenda-
tions. There has been a standing recommenda-
tion for the enlargement of the canal around these
Falls for years past. Here is a resolution offered
from a committee this morning for an expenditure
of only four or six hundred dollars, ana my col-
league votes against it, as he votes against every
amendment of this kind.
[Cries of 44 Order!"]
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ohio
is not in order. The Chair will be compelled to
enforce the rule, and confine all debate within its
legitimate sphere.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I hope my colleague will
be allowed to proceed. I want to see him show
this thing out. He says there is a combination.
Let him go on and show it.
[Loud cries of "Order!"]
Mr. STANTON. Well, I will only say that
both my colleagues have been allowed to speak
upon the question. I have been arraigned by them
upon it, and I insist that I ought to have the right
to reply.
Mr. HOUSTON. I insist upon the enforce-
ment of the rule.
Mr. STANTON. Why did not the gentleman
from Alabama insist upon the enforcement of the
rule, in reference to my colleague?
[Cries of " Order!" " Order !"]
The question was taken upon Mr. Stanton's
amendment, and it was not agreed to.
The following section was then read by the
Clerk:
"For salaries of three hundred and twenty-one light-
house keepers and twenty-four assistants, (twenty-four of
them chatged with double lights, and two with triple hslits,)
and including #1,200 for salary of an mspectoi ot lights on
the upper lakes, $136,7«3 33."
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I wish to know
what is meant in that appropriation, by an " in-
spector of lights The law makes collectors ex
officio inspectors of lights.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will remark,
that the appropriation is for the salary of an in-
spector of lights upon the upper lakes.
Mr. BAYLY. I am aware of that, but as I
understand it, there is no such officer recognized.
The collector is ex officio inspector of lights.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman move
an amendment?
Mr. BAYLY. Yes, sir. I move to strike out
the appropriation.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the gentleman will ex-
amine, he will find that such appropriations have
been made in the bills that have passed the two
or three last Congresses, and that it is made in
pursuance of law.
Mr. BAYLY. I only wanted the matter ex-
plained. I know the collectors have been inspect-
ors of lights, but I am told by a gentleman on
my right that there is such an officer where there
is no collector. If such is the case, it is satisfac-
tory. 1 will now, with the consent of the com-
mittee, withdraw my amendment.
There was no objection, and the amendment
was withdrawn.
Mr. HOUSTON, under instructions of the
Committee of Ways and Means, offered the fol-
lowing amendment, to come in at the end of the
clause appropriating $12,000 for the expenses of
coloring and numbering all the buoys, under the
act of September 28, 1850, viz:
For additional expenses incurred r'or fog-signal* author- ;
ized by the act of September 28, 1850, and for the applica-
tion of horse-power to some of them, $1,000.
Mr.H.said: That, the Secretary oftheTreasury
states to the Committee of Ways and Means, is j
in pursuance of a contract made under the law of !
the last Congress. I
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. LOCKHART. I move that the commit-
tee do now rise.
The motion was not agreed to—ayes 37, noes
not counted.
The following clause of the bill was read,
viz:
"For salaries of the assistant treasurers of the United
States, at New York, Boston, Chaileston, and St. Louis,
$11,500."
Mr. BROOKS. I move to amend this clause,
so as to give the assistant treasurer at New York
$1,000 in addition to the sum at present provided
for. I do this as a matter of duty to the country,
without-solicitation from that officer. He has
often under his care public money to the amount
of $6,000,000; and the salary which he now has
is entirely insufficient for the amount of responsi-
bility incurred.
A Member. What is the salary ?
Mr. BROOKS. It is $4,500. It was with the
utmost difficulty that the President of the United
States could obtain a sub-treasurer when the old
officer, Mr. Young, died; and a like difficulty will
occur under any party, whenever a change may
be made. It is of the highest importance that the
large sum of money placed in the sub-treasury at
New York should be sufficiently secured. The
security of the last sub-treasurer was $800,000;
but the Government were under the necessity of
reducing the security from $800,000 to something
like $400,000; and it was with great difficulty that
a sub-treasurer could be obtained even then. I
throw out these facts to the country. It is easy
enough to get peisons who will take the office. I
know a good many persons who would give a
great deal to have it—some as much as $100,000.
I have no doubt of that; but we want a competent
person for the office. We want a man of prop-
erty and a man of position; a man who, by the
force of his character, can secure great guarantees
fiom men of wealth. The security should be
$800,000, and in order to secure such an officer,
the salary should be increased $1,000.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I wish to know if the offi-
cer has threatened to resign ?
Mr. BROOKS. I know the gentleman did de-
cline after the office was given him. He would
not occupy it; and it was from the solicitation of
friends and the impossibility of getting another
person of the property and character to come for-
ward and give this large security that he was in-
duced to accept the office. In order to obtain
this officer, therefore, it was necessary to reduce the
amount of the security nearly one half.
The question was then put, and the amendment
was not a£ieed to.
Mr. ORR. I move that the committee rise, and
upon that I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messis. Meade, and
Fuller of Maine, were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 62, noes 25.
The committee accordingly rose, and theSpeaker
having resumed the chair, the chairman of the
committee leported that the Committee of the
Whole on the slate of the Union had, according
to order, had the state of the Union generally un-
der consideraiion, and partcularly Hou^e bill No.
190, making appropriations for the civil and dip-
lomatic expenses of the Government for the year
ending June 30th, 1853, and for other purposes,
and had come to no conclusion thereon.
RESIGNATION OF MR. MARSHALL, OF KY.
The SPEAKER. The Chair begs leave to an-
nounce the resignation of Mr. Marshall, of
Kentucky, a member of this House.
The following letter of resignation was then
read:
House ok Representatives, Jluswit 4,1852.
Sir : I have the honor to intonn you that I have this day
resigned my seat as a member of the Thirty-second Con-
gress.
In patting with this, body I tender to its members my sin-
cere wis-h fui then future prosperity and vvelfaie.
Foi yourself, believe me truly, &e.,
H. MARSHALL.
Hon. Linn Boyd, Speaker House of Representatives.
Mr. CLARK here obtained the floor.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I rise to a ques-
tion which I believe to be one of privilege. I sup-
pose it is necessary for this House to request the
Speaker to communicate the fact of the resigna-
tion of Mr. Marshall to the Governor of the
►State of Kentucky.
Mr. STANLY. Not this session.
Mr. JONES. I think it should be done.
The SPEAKER. I understand the gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. Marshall] has already ad-
dressed the Governor of Kentucky upon that sub-
ject.
Mr. CARTTER. I rise to a privileged motion.
I move the House do now adjourn. j
The SPEAKER. That is not in order while j
the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Clark] has the I
floor. # !
Mr. CLARK. I beg leave to call up a little bill I
from the Senate, which contains but one section,
and which can be read in less than two minutes,
ft provides for the relinquishment by the United
States of a small strip of land in the town of Bell-
view, Iowa, on the Mississippi river. That town
needs it, and it does not contain over four or five
acres. I ask the House to take it up.
Mr. McCORKLE. I object.
On motion by Mr. CARTTER, the House then
adjourned until to-morrow at eleven o'clock, a. m.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions, memorials, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. ALLEN, of Illinois: The petition of James Dick-
ey, and many other citizen5! of Gallatin county, Illinois,
asking Congress to establish a mail joute from Shawnee-
town, along the middle lo.id known as the Cypress road, to
David Keasler's, in said eounty.
By Mr. BROWN, of New Jersey : The petition of sun-
dry citizens of Morristown, New Jersey, for the passage of
the hill introduced by Mr. Stvnly, m aid of colonization,
entitled " An act to atuhouze the tfeeietary of theTreas-
my to deposit with the States the fourth installment of the
deposits of the public money directed to be made by act of
June 23,1836."
By Mr. BOWNE : The memorial of Conklin Brush and
others, of Brooklyn, New York, tor the passage of a law for
tlie belter piotecfjon of the lives of passengers in vessels
and boat* propelled by steam.
By Mr. PARlvKR, of Pennsylvania: The petition of D.
Stewart Elliott and 65 others, citizens of Blair county,
Pennsylvania, praying Congie*-s to pass the bill intro-
duced into the Hou<e of Representatives bv the Hon. E.
Stanly, emi'led" An act to atithonze the Secretniy of the
Treasury to deposit with the several States, the tourth in-
stallment of the deposits of the public money directed to be
made with «uch States-, by the act approved June 23. IS36."
By Mi. BRIGGS . The mcmotml of W. II. Franklin and
othei-, for the passage of a law for the better protection of
the lives of passengers on vessels piopelled by steam.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, •August 5, 1852.
Prayer by the Rev. Littleton* F. Morgan.
Mr. BRIGHT. Mr. President, I move the
suspension of the morning order of businevss, for
the purpose of proceeding to the consideration of
the President's message, in relation to the North
American fisheries.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN resumed and concluded the
speech which he commenced on Tuesday, of
which a report will be found in the Appendix.
Mr. BRIGHT. I move to postpone the further
consideration of this subject until to-morrow, for
the purpose of taking up the Indian appropriation
bill.
Mr. SOULE. Allow me to suggest to the
Senator the expediency of postponing the consid-
eration of this matter—upon which I shall proba-
bly have something to say—till some day next
week, in order that in the mean time the commu-
nications made to this body by the Department of
State may be printed, that we may have posses-
sion of them, and look into them and see what
are their contents and their bearing. I would
therefore suggest the further postponement of the
consideration of this matter until Thursday next,
as I understand that it will take that much time to
have the communications printed.
Mr. BRIGHT. I have no objection to that.
Mr. DAVIS. Whenever those papers are
printed, I wish to suggest that there is a bundle of
papers here which were communicated some time
ago, connected with the subject, as I understand,
which should also be printed. They were com-
municated at a former session, and 1 understand
that they contain a great deal of information on
this subject. Perhaps it would be as well to allow
the whole subject to go to the Committee on Print-
ing, and let them select such portions of the pa-
pers on file as are important, thnt they may be
printed with this communication. The papers to
which I allude were never ordered to be printed,
and if the gentleman will let the whole question
of printing he over until to-morrow, we might
look into them.
Mr. BRIGHT. I have no objection to that.
I have no paiticularinterest m this question. My
object was to get at the Indian appropriation bill.
Mr. MASON. This matter engages, and prop-
erly engages just now, the earnest attention of the
American people. It is a matter apparently of
some conflict in the present posture of affairs be-
tween us and Great Britain, and I do not think a
little matter of economy in spending more or less
for the printing of the documents should be con-
