1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
289
Mr. HUNTER. I hope it will be passed dVer,
for ihe Senator from Mississippi, [Mr. McRae,]
who is desirous to follow the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Davis] oil that subject, is pre-
vented by sickness from being in his seat to-day.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 have no objection to its being
pas&ed over. , .
The resolution was accordingly passed over. /
ASSIGNABILITY "OP LAND WARRANTS®'
The Senate proceeded to 'consider, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, the bill from the House of
Representatives explanatory of the act passed
September 28, 1850, entitled "An act granting-
bounty lands to certain officers and soldiers who
have been engaged in the military service of the
United States."
The PRESIDENT. An amendment has been
reported to that bill by the Committee on Public
Lands, which will be read.
The amendment was read, as follows:
Strike out all after the enacting clause and insert:
That all wairants foi miiitaiy bounty land's which have
been or may herealtei be issued under any law of the United
States, and all valid locations of the same which have been
or may hereaftei be made, are hereby declared to bp assign-
able, according to &uch loun, and pursuant to Mich regu-
lahons as may be prescribed by the Commissioner of the
General Land Office, so as to vest the assignee with all the
rights of the original owner ot the wairaut oi Jocatioij. !
Sec. 2. Be 11 further enacted, That tiic icgi&tcr.s and ;
receiver^ ot the land offices shall lyjreaftei he seveially au-,j
thoiizwi to charge and receive for their seivices in locating i
all inihtdiy bountv land wai rants issued since the 11th day of j
Fobuiaiy, 1847, tlte same comppn-aiion or percentage to |
which they at e entitleil by law to 1 pales of the public lands for
cash, at the late ot .^1 i>5 per acre, the ?aul compensation to I
be hereafter paid bv thea-^ignees oi holder of such wiinants i
wheie tiiev have been transferred under the piovis.ions of !
any act of Congiessarid the regulations ol the General Laud
Office: and to be paid out of the Tieasuryof the United
States upon the adjustment of the accounts of s>uch olhcers,
wheie^it shall be >ho\vn to the satisfaction of the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office that the warrant was lo-
cated by tiie soldier or vvauantee, oi lus next of kin, as
provided lor by law.
Sec. Be it further enacted, That registers and re-
ceivers, whether m or out oi office at the pas-age of this act,
or their legal repieseniatives in ca>-e of death, shall bo en-
titled to receive from the Treasury of the United States, for
seivices heretofore performed in locating military bounty
land warrants., the same late of compensation ptovided in
the preceding section for services hereafter to hrpcrfoimed,
aftei deducting the amount alreadj reeeivei^by such officers
under the act entitled "An act to lequire the holders of
miiitaiy land wairants? to compensate the land officers of the
United States lor seivices in relation to the location of those
wariants," approved May 17th, 1848: Provided, That no
register or leceiver shall receive any compensation out of
the Treasury lor past services, who has charged and re-
ceived illegal fees for the location or's-uch warrants: Jind
yrovidedfurther, That no legistcr or lecoiver bliall receive
for his service* during any year a greater compensation
than the maximum now allowed by law.
See. 4. Beit farther enacted, That in ail cases where
the inihtta oi volunteers or State troops of any State
w<_re called into the service of the United States, arid
whose seivic^have been accepted and paid by the United
States subsequent the 18th June, 1812, the officers and sol-
uu-rs of such militia, volunteers or troops shall be entitled
to all the benefits of the act entitled "An act granting
bounty land to ceirain officers and soldiers who have been
engaged in the military scrvice of the United States," ap-
pioved Septembei 28th, 1850, and shall leeeive lands for
then scivices according to the piovisions of said act, upon
proof ot length ot set vice as theiem required.
Sec. o. Be it farther enacted, That where any com-
pany, b.itt lion or legunent, in au organized form, marched
moie than twentv miles to the place wheie they weie mus-
tered into toe seiviee of the United Stares, oi weie dis-
charged laoic than twenty miles fiom the [dace where su^h
company, battalion, or regiment was organized; mall such
cases, in computing the length of service ot the officers
and soldiers of any such company, battalion, or legiment,
with a view to determine the quantity of land any officer
or soldier is entitled lo under said act, approved 26th Sep-
tember, 1850, there shall be allowed one day for eveiy
twenty miles irom the place wheie the company,battalion,
or icgiment was organized, to the piace where the same
wa« mustered into the service of the United States; and
aNu one day for every twentv jnile  from the place where,
f-uch company, battalion, or regiment vvasdisehaiged, to ihe
place where it was oigamzed, and from whcnce it marched
to enter setvice.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Mr. President, I do not
propose to make any remarks, by way of a speech,
on the subject of the provisions of this bill, unless
it shall be assailed by some other Senator, and
then I shall reply to any suggestions which may
be made against it. 1 rise now to offer a slight
amendment to the amendment which has been
sanctioned bv the Committee on Public Lands
The original amendment which the committee
have offered was introduced by the honorable Sen-
ator from Maine, [Mr. Hamlin,] and was referred
to the Committee on Public Lauds with the bill.
The committee modified the amendment to some
extent, but in that modification, upon consulta-
tion with the gentleman from Maine, and likewise
on consultation .with members of the committee,
it has been thought that the language retained in
the amendment which has just been read does not
express with sufficient clearness the idea which
was intended to be conveyed by the amendment.
,Tfiat part of the fourth section which I propose to
amend reads as follows:
"That in all cases wheretlie militia, or volunteers, or
State troop* of any State were called into the service of
the United States, and whose services have been accepted
and paid by the United Status."
The change which I wish to be made is, to
strike out the word " the," before the word "ser-
vice," and insert in its place theword "military,"
and to strike out the words " of the United
States;" also to strikeout the words accepted
and." If the amendment shall prevail, then the
language will be:
" That m all eases where the mUitm or volunteers or
State tioops of any; State weie called into military Service,
and whose services have been paid foi by the United
Slates," then they shall have the benefit of this act.
If this amendment shall be adopted, it will make
j the language very explicit, and &how the intention
j of Congress to grant bounty lands to those troops
j who were called into service for military purposes
j by a State, or by an officer of the United States,
j and whose services were paid for by the United
j States, thereby showingau acceptance on the part
i of the Government of the services thus rendered.
| It will not confine the operations of the act to
i those troops which were mustered into service ac-
| cording to the provisions of the previous acts. It
will, perhaps, enlarge somewhat the bounty of
i Congress towaids those who lendered meritorious
j services, and it will not require the same particu-
, larity to be observed which was required to be
observed by former acts, in regard to the manner
in which the troops were called into service. If
the amendment prevails, the question wiTl be, in
regaid to any troops, Did they render military ser-
vice? and was that service so far sanctioned by
the Government as to be paid for by it? If they
rendered service, and were paid, it is the object of
the Committee on Public Lands to give them the
benefit of the bounty of Congress. I hope that
the amendment of the committee will be amended
in the manner I have proposed, as it is more
verbal than anything else, and I hope that this
amendment may be agreed to, and the bill passed.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I move to amend the
amendment, as it has been modified by the motion
of the honorable Senator from Kentucky, by in-
serting after the woid " service" the wurds " in
' any of the wars mentioned in the act of 28th
'September, 1850, entitled 'An act granting boun-
4 ty lands to certain officers and soldiers who have
( been engaged in the military service of the Uni-
' ted States.'"
If that amendment shall be adopted, it will
make necessary the adoption of another amend-
ment, which I now offer:
" That the last proviso of the 9th section of the act of the
Hill of Febi uaiy, J847, be and the same islierebj* icpealcd:
Provided,That nothing heiein contained shall autftojjze
bounty lands to those who have hcietofore received or
become entitled to tlie same."
The PRESIDENT. The question will first be
taken on the first amendment.
Mr. SEBASTIAN". I will offer a few words
in explanation of the effect intended to follow the
adoption of these amendments. By the original
act of 1847, which granted bounty lands to sol-
diers engaged in the Mexican war, and by the
subsequent act of the 23th of September, 1850,
proposed to be explained by this act, there were
two or three classes of persons omitted Irom the
benefit of those acts. In consequence of a pro-
viso to the ninth section of the act of 1847, all
persons engaged in the war with Mexico weie ex-
cluded from the provisions of that act, who were
not actually marched to the seat of war. The act (
of the 28th of September, 1850, rather improved
upon that-. It required that all persons who were
to receive the bounties of the act, should have been
• mustered into the service of the United States and
! performed actual service. The effect of this pro-
| vision was to exclude the same classes of persons
s that were excluded by the last proviso of the act
! of 1847. The Committee on Public Lands, who
! have had this subject under consideration, have
! now obviated the requirements of the act of 1350
j so far as to embrace the entire class of persons
enumerated in the amendment offered by the hon-*
orable Senator from Kentucky/ It-dispenses with
actual service. It dispenses with the requirement
that the person should have been mustered into
the services of the United States. The result is,,
that the amendment offered by the Senator from
Kentucky embraces every person ^engaged in the
different wars mentioned in the act of 1850, whose
services inured to the benefit of the United Slates^
without regard to the fact whether they were en-
gaged in the actual conflict of arms, or were mus-
tered into the services of the United States, or
were marched to the seat of war.
So far as any policy is indicated in that amend-
ment, I go further. The amendment of the hon-
orable Senator from Kentucky contains nothing
more than what is an equitable adjustment of the
rights and claims of every person engaged in the
military servicc of the United States to the bounty
of the Government. But there was a class of sol-
diers who served in the Mexican war who come
within the description of the amendment of the
honorable Senator from Kentucky, but who have
been excluded by a technical construction which
was, as it was thought, benevolently placed upon
the act of 1847. I mean that class of men—and
there are many of them—who, though enlisted for
the service—although they underwent privations
which in other cases have entitled men to the
gratitude and bounty of the Government, yet who
were excluded by the operation of the proviso of
the ninth section of the act of 1847, from the
simple fact that they were not marched to the seat
of war. It so happens that one half of one of the
regiments of Missouri volunteers, who come with-
in the description of the proviso of the act of 1847,
have received their bounty. It was, to be sure,
by a mistaken view of the operation of the act;
but the error was not corrected until one half of
the regiment had received their bounty. The op-
eration of the amendments which I have had the
honor to offer, will be nothing more than to extend
the same measure of justice to the remainder of
that regiment which has already been accorded
to one half of it by the action of the executive
department.
There is another reason why theseamendments
of mine should be adopted. The act of 1847, in
the proviso to which I have just alluded, had a
retrospective as well as a prospective operation.
It is no doubt in the recollection of all that at that
time, during the prosecution of the war with Mex-
ico, the policy of the Government had been sud-
denly changed. The tactics of the war had been
revolutionized, and there had been adopted a more
vigorous system for the prosecution of the war.
The consequence was that the Government ex-
erted all its energies for the purpose of calling
out a sufficient force to conquer peace, in the lan-
guage of that day. It was thought necessary for
that purpose to hold out temptations and induce-
ments—a kind of premium, to men to enlist in
the service of the United States. The conse-
quence of this has been that those who enlisted
after the passage of the act of 1847, notwithstand-
ing many of them were not marched to the seat
of war, have received the bounty of Government,
whilst those who performed precisely the same
character of services, and underwent, the same pri-
vations, but whose patriotism had induced them
to offer their services at an early period of'thev^ar,
when the Government was not offering bounties,
have been excluded from the benefit of the provis-
ions of that act.
If this were now an original question, it might
become necessary to resort to a very different kind
of argument. It might be necessary to show the
policy and justice of this law. But we are no
longer holding forth temptations to men to enlist
in our service. We are no more fulfilling faith
pledged in the contracts of the Government. But
we are remunerating the services of soldiers en-
gaged in our late wars. This is nothing but an act
of gratuity—a mere bestowal of the bounty of the
Government upon those who have earned its grat-
itude. Whatever may have been the original pol-
icy of these acts, the policy of the Government
luis now been changed. We are now proposing
to extend bounties to men, and we are adjusting a
sliding scale by which to measure the gratitude of
the Government. I have shown that we have not
yet accorded justice acco^ing to the equity of the
case.
The principle which I now asls to be sanctioned
