1212
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 30,
ere this. They knew of the refusal of the House,
with a view of showing ita disapprobation of their
conduct, again and again to lay upon the table
their report. We were tried over and over upon
it  and at the instance of the chairman himself.
They know that the House recommitted it to them
partly upon the statement of the members of the
committee, that they would regard a different
course as discourteous to them. I have heard sev-
eral gentlemen say that they voted to send it back
to them upon the ground that they did not want
to do anything discourteous to the committee;
for members of the committee said they would re-
gard a recommittal to another committee as a cen-
sure upon them personally. The House sent it to
them at their pressing request. Wow, it seems
nearly two weeks have elapsed, and we do not
know whether any arrangements have been made.
It is well known that it is now reported in this
eity that they have given out the printing at on
advance of twenty-five per cent, over that for
which responsible men offered to do it—men
who put in bids, and avowed themselves willing
to give bonds in any amount required, to do the
printing at those rates. The printing is given out
at an advance of twenty-five per cent, upon the
bids of those responsible men. I do not affirm
these things, but 1 am told by respectable men,
the bidders themselves, that they are true; and I
have no doubt of it.
Mr. SWEETSER. I call the gentleman from
North Carolina [Mr. Clihgmax] to order. 1 do
not wish to be captious, but I wish to understand
if it is the desire of the House that this whole de-
bate should be opened again >
Mr. CLINGMAN. This question is debatable,
and I think I am strictly in order.
The SPEAKER. The question of printing is
debatable, and the gentleman can debate anything
connected with the public printing.
Mr. HOUSTON". I think it would be decided-
ly better, if the House would do so, for us to get
through the special order to-day.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I agree with the gentle-
man, and I am about to make a suggestion. As
I happen to be upon the floor,, and as there is a
deep interest felt in this printing question, I think,
Mr. Speaker, with due deference to your decision,
that it is a privileged question; and, inasmuch as
that committee is authorized to report at any time,
I think the corresponding right exists in the House
to call upon the committee at any time for a re-
port.
TheSPEAKER. The gentleman misunderstood
the Chair. The Chair made no such decision.
Mr. CLINGMAN. That at least was my im-
pression. I did not affirm that the Chair so
decided: but, as it was held that a two-thirds vote
was necessary to get in such a call, of course I
supposed the Chair must have held that it was not
a privileged motion. I think the Chair, upon the
point being directly presented, would perhapssee
that a suspension of the rules to call upon that com-
mittee for a report was not necessary. If that be :
be the case, we can get it out one of these days. !
All 1 desire is this, that gentlemen may now un- 1
derstand that this matter will have to be mvesti- ;
gated. I am much surprised that the committee
have failed before this to give the House any in-
formation upon this subject, considering the reports
to their prejudice that are now in circulation.
Surely the members of the committee do not mean
to wait until the House makes an imperative call !
upon them directly. They are aware that we are 1
in suspense, and anxious to hear from them. This j
is all I desire to say now. I had no idea of the
subject coming up at this time, and I do not wish ;
it to bi smothered or hurried through without no- 1
tice or investigation. I trust the house will con- ■
sent to the proposition that it he over.
Mr. SCURRY. I wish to ask the gentleman a
question. Does the gentleman from North Caro- 1
hna [Mr. Olingman] know whether Gideon & 1
Co. are connected with the Republic further than !
publishing it ? ;
Mr. CLINGMAN. I suppose there is no i
doubt about the fact that Gideon & Co. are the i
• publishers. j
Mr. SCURRY. Are the owners and proprie- '<
tors of the Republic the printers of the Cotton !
Plant? j
Mr. CLINGMAN. T do not know who prints i
it. I know very well the name of the gentleman ;
who -is the editor. He may get it printed at the !
Republic office for aught 1 know. I do not see,
though, what connection there is between his
question and the present subject. The House
haa a right to know what disposition has been
made by the committee of the printing; and I hope
this matter will go over until they inform us what
they have done with the matter.
Mr. GORMAN. I have introduced the usual
resolution which is introduced every year, and
1 which it is my duty to do. Upon it I call for the
previous question.
Mr. FITCH. I trust that my colleague will
withdraw his call for the previous question.
Mr. GORMAN. I cannot do so.
Mr. FITCH. I hope, then, it will not be sus-
tained.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I move to lay this motion
of the gentleman from, Indiana, [Mr. Gorman,]
and the report, upon the table; and upon that mo-
tion I ask for the yeas and nays.
Mr. FOWLER. May we have that resolution
read ?
The SPEAKER. If it be not objected to, the
House having divided upon the demand for the
yeas and nays.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Let us have the yeas and
nays.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to inquire of the
Chair, what the effect of laying this matter upon
the table will be ? Unless we take it up by a two-
thirds vote, will it preclude the action of the House
upon the subject of printing?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will reserve to
itself the right to decide these questions as they
j arise. The gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Hous-
ton] is aware that a resolution or any matter laid
ujdou the table in this body generally remains there.
That is the usual course. It will be in order for
the House, when it is in order to submit a propo-
sition for the purpose, to take it from the table.
| The Chair will further state, that the right of the
j Committee on Printing to report at any time, is a
very clear one under the rules. "Whether that
| committee could report precisely such a resolution
j as the one pending before this "body is question-
| able, and the Chair thinks it would be out of or-
| der.
i Mr. HOUSTON. Therefore I desire to say to
I the gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr. Cling-
j man,] that it would be better, in my view of it, to
j give this matter some other direction, IT you put
j it upon the table, it is not expected that the Com-
; mittee on Printing will make another report, "We
> had better take some other course.
i Mr. POLK!. Let it go upon the table, and we
i will thereby dispense with the printing. Let the
gentleman take the responsibility.
Mr. HART. Is it in order to debate this ques-
tion now ?
The SPEAKER. The debate is out of order.
Mr. CLINGMAN. As my motion to lay on
the table will be m order after the previous ques-
tioii is sustained, I withdraw it for the present.
I'he question recurred upon seconding the de-
mand for the previous question.
Mr, CLINGMAN demanded tel!ers;which were
ordered,
Mr. CHANDLER. Is the previous question
upon the passage of the resolution !
The SPEAKER. In response to the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Air. Chandler,] the
Chair informs him and the House, that the im-
mediate question is upon seconding the demand
for the previous question on the passage of the
resolution, upon which tellers have been ordered.
The question was then taken, (Messrs. Vena-
ble ana Churchwell acting as tellers,) and re-
sulted—ayes 46, noes 87.
So the demand for the previous question was
not sustained.
Mr. DANIEL. W^ill it be in order to move to
postpone this matter with the view of submitting
another motion ? °
The SPEAKER. It will be in order to make
such motion.
Xvlr. DANIEL. I move, then, to postpone it
until Tuesday next, with a view of transacting
private business to-day. We have not transacted
any business of that kind for several weeks
Mr. HOUSTON. Make it Monday.
Mr. DANIEL. T hope that mv motion will be
submitted.
Mr. HOUSTON. I would suggest to the g n-
tleman to put it Monday. We will lose Monday
unless we appropriate it to something of a general
nature.
Mr. DANIEL. I will, then, modify my mo-
tion, and make it Monday, as there seems a gen-
eral desire that I should do so.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi. If this matter
is postponed to Monday, will it take precedence
of motions to suspend the rules for other purpo-
ses ?
The SPEAKER. Unless it is made the special
order, I think it would not.
Mr. POLK. I trust the gentleman will adhere
to his original motion.
Mr. ROBB1NS. Will it be in order to amend
and make it Tuesday?
The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. ROBBINS. I propose to amend the mo-
tion, and to postpone this question to Tuesday
instead of Monday.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Rob-
bins's amendment, and it was agreed to.
The motion, as amended, was then agreed to.
Mr. CURTIS. I renew the motion that the
House resolve itself into a Committee of the
Whole House upon the Private Calendar,
The question was put, and the motion was
agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole House upon the private
Calendar, (Mr. Stuart in the chair.)
osborn cross.
The CHAIRMAN. The first business before
the committee is House bill No. 137, for the relief
of Osborn Cross, authorizing and directing the
Secretary of the Treasury, in adjusting his accounts
as a quartermaster in the United States Army, to
give him credit for a sum equal to the amount of
the Treasury notes of the United States of which
he was robbed, in New Orleans, in October, 1842,
being about the sum of $3,265 47.
The principal facts of the case, as set forth in
the report, which was read, are, that said Cross,
us quartermaster, in October, 1842, received three
drafts from Government, amounting to §34,000.
One of the drafts, for $10,000, was paid out to
Peters & Millard, of New Orleans, for a debt due
them, and lie received the change in Treasury
notes, to the amount of over $6,000. He endeav-
ored to place the Treasury notes on deposit in the
Union Bank of said city, the usual depository of
Government funds, but was refused. *On the 8th
of October, 1842, before leaving his office, he locked
up the said funds, together with $300 of private
funds, in an iron safe, and during the night the
office was robbed by some negroes, who opened
the safe containing said funds, and rifled it of its
contents. Mr. Cross succeeded, in a few days,
in recovering about §3,000 of said notes. A court
of inquiry was afterwards held to investigate the
conduct of Major Cross, which, after a full inves-
tigation, found that no blame or neglect could be
attributed to him.
Mr. MACE. I am satisfied that the passage
of this bill will establish a dangerous precedent,
and one which might result in great danger to the
Treasury of the United States. The facts of the
case seem to be, as reported by the committee, and
no doubt truly, that Major Cross sought and took
upon himself the situation of quartermaster. He
assumed the duties of quartermaster, and as such
gave to the United States a bond, for the faithful
accounting of all moneys which might come to
his hands. He alleges that a large amount of
money did come to his hands, some of which were
in Treasury notes; that while in the city of New
Orleans, his safe was robbed by some negroes, and
funds to the amount of some $6,000 taken out of
it. He therefore claims that the United Slates
should exonerate him from the repayment of this
money.
Now, Mr. Chairman, he stands in the precise
condition of our State officers, of our sheriffs, ad-
ministrators, guardians, and other persons who
assume the duties and give a bond for the faith-
ful performance of a trust. In case the United
States should bring an action against him upon
his bond for a full account of this money, it would
be no defense whatever to say that it was stolen
from him, and the United States must recover a
judgment against him. Now, a precedent should
not be established by the Congress of the United
States, and recorded, unless that precedent is a
good one. I have no doubt that this is an e.x-
