802
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 19,
Mr. FELCH. I would inquire what particular
case that is intended to meet? What effect, in
that regard, the laws now existing have ?
Mr. DODGE. I will insert in the amendment
after "September 28,1853," the. words "or of
this act."
Mr. HUNTER. I hope this amendment will
not pass. I fear that we are overloading the ori-
ginal bill with amendments, and are exposing it
to hazard in sending it back to the other House.-
. This amendment proposes to alter theprincipleof
the origind] bill 
Mr. DODGE. I will relieve my friend by
withdrawing the amendment. It is one in which
1 have not much interest.
Mr. DAWSON. I have not proposed any
amendment to this joint resolution; but I suggest
to the friends of this measure—and I profess to
be one—an amendment which I think is neces-
sary for the protection of the Government. Under
the law granting bounty lands to soldiers who
served in the Mexican war, the power of transfer
was given. It has often been the case that fraud-
ulent applications have been made to the Pension
Office, and evidence so strong been produced that
warrants have been issued to the persons present-
ing them. I have understood that in one case,
five different warrants have been issued for one
service. These warrants have all gone into the
hands of innocent purchasers, transferees, with-
out any knowledge on their part of the fraud com-
mitted on the Government. On principles of equity
the Government is bound to carry out the contract
and issue a patent to each holder of" the four fraud-
ulent applications.
Now, can no plan be adopted by -which the
Government can be protected from this kind of
imposition ? A warrant is issued. It is trans-
ferable. A gets it to-day, and transfers it to B to-
morrow, without any knowledge on the part of
B that it is fraudulent. B applies for a patent. It
is granted to him. How are we to investigate
this ? Can any amendment be offered to this joint
resolution, in order to relieve it from these conse-
quences? If it cannot he done, you see at once
that the Government is in a position in which it
is liable to be defrauded.
I have a case of the kind of which I have spoken
in my mind now. A man by the name of King,
of the State of Georgia, enlisted in the service
during the Mexican war. He died at Sullivan's
Island, in South Carolina. Immediately after the
passage of the law authorizing bounty lands to
be given, two females in the city of New Orleans ,
. applied, "as the surviving sisters of this man, fora
warrant, and the papers were made out and sub- j
mitted to the office here. A warrant was issued. !
It was transferred to a gentleman, I believe a son- i
in-law of a Senator upon this floor, innocently, j
and he got a patent. I am now"applying in the j
name of the tuie representatives of the person that j
died. I shall get a patent for them, and thus there i
will be two for the same service. I make these '
suggestions; and if any gentleman, who has been |
looking into tilts matter, can form an amendment
by Which theGovernment can be protected, I shall ,
vote for it. For my part, I can at present see no
way to avoid the difficulty.
Mr. HUNTER. If I understand the difficulty j
to which the Senator from Georgia refers, it is -
this: two persons claim to be the real assignees of I
the warrant. A patent issues to each of them. Is !
that the difficulty? ' j
Mr. DAWSON. Yes, sir. ' |
Mr. HUNTER. It seems to me that it would
effect the Senator's object if it was provided that '
no patent should issue except to the last assignee
whose name was upon the face of the warrant. '
The warrant then would show to whom the pat-
ent ought to issue, and the Government would not
have to look into the question of theownership of '
the warrant. ' !
Mr. DAWSON. That is not the point. It is [
this: Persons fraudulently representing themselves ,1
to be the next of kin of a deceased officer or so!- j
dier, impose upon the Government testimonv
which goes to establish that fact. A warrant is- 1
sues, and is immediately transferred to an inno-
cent purchaser. The innocent purchaser will be
protected, and a patent will have to issue under
the warrant thus fraudently obtained; and yet the
rightful person will apply and he will get a proper
warrant, and thereby there will be two patents for
the same service.
Mr. HUNTER. TJie onlyj-emedy for that is
to punish the man who applies fraudulently; and
that remedy ought to be provided for in another
act, not in this.
Mr. DAWSON. That would not get the land
back to the Government.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. This is purely a legal
question, and 1 rise for the purpose of making a
few suggestions in response to my friend from
Georgia, [Mr. Dawson.] In all cases of assign-
ment, the general principle is, that the assignee
stands precisely in the same condition with the
assignor. If that principle is carried out in refer-
ence to these land warrants, the assignee will oc-
cupy no better condition than the person who
fiaudulently obtained the warrant. If the Gov-
ernment, theiefore, discovers the fraud before it
makes the grant, it can suspend the issuing of the
grant, because it has the same equity against an
assignee that it has against a fraudulent holder of
a warrant. In that case, the Government would
withhold the grant of the patent, and refuse to al-
low this fraudulent warrant to be carried into a
grant. That is one remedy.
The difficulty would arise in this way. Before
making any discovery of the fraud the warrant
may bejocated, and a patent may then issue. If
the patent issues, and the Government thereby
parts with its title, the title is passed into the hands
of an innocent holder by that transfer. But how
are you to get clearof that fraud? The innocent
holder will say if you attempt to deprive hiai of
his land, that it is your own fault to have brought
this title into market whereby it came into his
hands innocently, and that he should not be the
loser by it. The question is, can you have any
remedy for that state of the case? You have but
one remedy,and the question is, would it be politic
to apply it? What is the remedy? There is but
one, and that is to declare that all grants and all
warrants issued in fraud of these acts shall be void.
\ ou cannot reach it any other way than by de-
claring, that whenever a warrant is issued in fraud
of the law, that the warrant and all subsequent
steps taken to perfect it and every subsequent act
are wholly and utterly void by law, and passes
no title from the Government to the fraudulent
holder of the claim. That would be a complete
remedy if a proposition of this sort should be
offered and adopted.
But then the question is, would it be politic to
apply that remedy ? Would it be proper to pro-
vide by law that the patents which issue upon
those warrants shall be"void? If that is done, it
will .embarrass to a very considerable extent the
sale of this property in the market; and you are
making these land warrants assignable with a view
of benefiting the old soldier. When you adopt
such a remedy as that, the purchaser of the war-
rant will say to the soldier, T can give you so much
for.it, and no more, because I am not sure but
that half a dozen other warrants have been issued
before this, fraudulently, for this identical service.
When a tract of land patented is offered to be
sold, the speculator and the purchaser will say to
the seller, I can only offer you so much for it, be-
cause I have to risk the fact whether half a dozen
other patents have not been founded on this same
service; five out of which half dozen must be
fraudulent. By an attempt to prescribe a remedy
in a case of the kind, you embarrass all the titles
and all the tracts, and produce the state of things
which I have anticipated.
There is no difficulty about this thing if the offi-
cers of the Government will only do their duty.
And I am sorry to say that from an investigation
at the Pension Office where these land warrants •
are granted, that there are not those alphabets kept
which are necessary in order to prevent these frauds
being practised upon the Government. There
ought to be an alphabet kept and arranged in such
a way that whenever an application is made to
obtain a warrant, it would be within the power of
the officers of the Pension Bureau to turn directly
to the record and ascertain whether a warrant has
been issued before for that identical claim.
I am sorry to say that I believe this is not the
fact; I have had occasion to inquire into matters
of this sort, and it is almost impossible to get that
direct information which would be easily obtained
if these alphabets were kept in such manner as to
obtain at once the full information which ought to
be had.
Sir, I am inclined to think that we had better
let things go on as they are, and make these land
warrants assignable without making a provision
in this bill to cover the fraudulent cases which my
friend from Georgia supposes may exist. That
there will be frauds practised on the Government
to some extent, we may well imagine from what
has already taken place. If the officers of the
Government would keep such an alphabet as that
to'which I have alluded,"and would look fnto that
before multiplying warrants, tljen there would
never be two warrants issued upon the same
claim.
Mr. BELL. You would have to issue the
rightful one whenever it was claimed.
Mr. QNDEfi.WOOD. It may be as my friend
says, that you would have to issue the rightful
warrant whenever it was claimed, but it would be
done upon full deliberation, and in that way you
would find that you had issued one warrant
fraudulently, and th'ere would not be more than
two issued. But in the case which my honorable
friend from Georgia puts, there may be half a
dozen, and perhaps a dozen, fraudulent warrants
issued^, unless officers of the Government will work
in the"way I have mentioned. I have had occasion
before this, to remark that I considered it to be the
absolute duty of Congress to have all the execu-
tive offices, and the books in those offices, exam-
ined from beginning to end, in order that we might
know how the executive departments conduct
their business and keep their books. We could
then see what frauds were pel mitted. I do not
know that this has ever been done. It has not
been done since I have been a memberof Congress.
I do not know that it has been done since the
foundation of the Government to this day, but I
believe that there is not a State Legislature in the
United States that does not do the same thing: an-
nually.
I have thrown out these remarks by way of
answer to the suggestions of the honorable Senator
from Georgia. I do not see that there can be any
remedy, unless you will provide, as I have sug-
gested, that everything that does issue without
sufficient legal warrant shall be void. That would
reach the case, but the question is, whether it
would not be impolitic.
The PRESIDENT. No amendment has been
proposed by the Senator from Georgia.
Mr. DAWSON. None at all. I would have
proposed an amendment, such as is suggested by
the honorable Senator from Kentucky, but for the
fact that I thought it would depreciate the value of
the warrants in the market, and thereby injure the
old soldier, whereas it is the object of "the bill to
1 benefit him.
I Mr. DAVIS. I am inclined to think that this
[ difficulty may be met in two ways* It may be
met by declaring that a warrant issued on fraud-
ulent evidence shall be void. That might em-
barrass some people it is true; but if this is not
done there will be an innocent holder of every
fraudulent warrant that is issued, and you can
never leinstate yourself. But if there be one or
more fraudulent warrants issued in the name of an
individual, you will have to issue the true war-
rant after all. Now, 1 apprehend that if you go
a little behind this, there must be some defect in
the proceedings. I regret that the honorable Sen-
ator from Georgia did not tell us by what kind of
evidence this heirship of which he spoke was es-
tablished. The falsity of this thins lies in a per-
son s coming forward and pretending to be heir
to a soldier when he is not an heir, and establish-
ing that fact by evidence satisfactory to the bureau,
bupppose, now, that you should require that who-
ever undertakes to establish heirship, shall estab-
lish it in the locality by evidence before a jud^e,
and that that judge shall place the seal of the court
to it, how is n then to be fabricated ? There is no
difficulty lnrequiringfhat information at all. How
then, is it to be fabricated? Why a man may
forge the seal of the court. But that interposes
another difficulty, for there is a severe punishment
annexed to that crime. I apprehend that by some
such provision as that, either adopted voluntarily
m the bureau, or if not adopted there made com-
pulsory by law Would put a stop to fraudulent
pretensions of this sort. It would not, under such
circumstances, be a very easy thing for a person
falsely claiming to be heir to establish tlmt fact be-
fore a judge in the vicinity who, upon satisfactory
evidence, should put his seal of office to the testi-
mony. I do not see a great deal of difficulty in it.
