1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2079
place the amendment in a proper shape; but if
any obstacle arises, I can look at the amendment
and endeavor to make its praseology conform to
my views. I would be glad if some gentleman
would prepare an amendment to meet my views,
to provide that the money shall be given forth-
with.
One word now with regard to these Shawnee
Indians. As my friend from Michigan has talked
about, them, allow me to say that I have stood side
by side with some of them in the battles of the
country, in the war of 1812, and I believe they
are, of all the Indians upon the continent of Amer-
ica, the most formidable foes when they are your
enemies, and the most reliable friends when they
stand by your side.
Mr. CASS. Will the honorable Senator allow
me to ask him if he cannot state the good conduct
of Tecumseh and some of his countrymen; and
how serviceable he was?
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I am going to do it. It
was with that object I adverted to the subject. I
was going to state a fact, which, perhaps, ought to
be made historical. I saw Tecumseh with my
own eyes; and 1 saw him under circumstances
which made an impression upon my heart which
never can be eradicated. He was, personally, one
of the finest-looking men that my eyes ever gazed
upon. He had all the lineaments of nature's no-
blemen. He had an eye of fire, and a counte-
nance which showed the keenest enterprise, and
the greatest genius, and a capacity for military
operations such as I have hardly ever witnessed
in the form of a man in my life. And, with it all,
he had something like that heavenly benevolence
which always goes with the character of an ele-
vated and great man. Upon the occasion of which
I speak he interposed to save the lives of those
who were being butchered by the Pottawatomies
and other tribes of Indians.
Mr. CASS. I hope the honorable Senator will
be good enough to state the fact, that he himself
was there, and knew all about it. The honorable
Senator was wounded there. I want the Senate
to understand the condition of those Indians.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. That is the fact; but I
do not like to speak of myself. I was theie. The
facts I speak of in relation to Tecumseh are true,
and they ought to be historical. He was then
dressed in the Indian costume, riding on a fine
horse, having at his side one of the most elegant
English swords that I ever saw; and wore the
title of brigadier general in the British service.
Mr. CASS. Did he not stop the massacre ?
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I have already said that
he did interpose, and did stop the massacre.
Mr. BELL. Mr. President, I am very glad to
have these historical reminiscences brought to our
notice. They interest us not only as matter of
general history, but as connected with some of
our own honored members. I have no objection
to the time which has been spent in alluding to
them, as they have been alluded to most feelingly
and eloquently; but I do not perceive the connec-
tion which they have with this question. Al-
though it may be thought a little presumptuous
in me, in the matter of a claim upon the Govern-
ment, to ditter from my honorable friend from
Kentucky, [Mr. Underwood,] especially—be-
cause I find him in general so very accurate in his
investigations—yet I must say, that f differ with
him entirely in regard to his whole view of this
subject. Before I proceed, however, to state my
own views, as I am disposed to do, not at much
length, however, but as briefly as I can, after the
manner of reading a lawyer's brief, if possible,
I wish to call for the reading of Mr. Mosely's
letter, in order that the Senate may have what I
consider to be the true view of the facts estab-
lished in this case, as they are recorded in the his-
tory of this Government. And then, if the Senate
choose, from generosity to this noble band of In-
dians, to make this donation to the Shawnees, I
shall not obstinately object; or if they need this
money, (considering the fidelity which they have
exhibited to the United States since they have be-
come its friends,) to aid them in the education of
their children, and to make more rapid advances
in civilization, I do not know that I should object
very obstinately against the payment of the sum
of money which they now demand. But before I
proceed with my explanation, I wish that the
honorable Senator from Michigan would send to
the chair, for the purpose of having it read, the letter
of Mr. Moseley, the Indian agent. I want to see
what are the facts stated in that letter.
The Secretary according read the following
letter:
Kansas Agency, March 4, 1852.
Sir : On the 2d instant 1 was requested to attend a gen-
eral council of the chiefs, counsellors, and headmen of the
Shawnee tribe of Indians, at their usual place of meeting.
When assembled, the chiefs made known to me, through
the United States interpreter, that it was the wish of the
entire tnbe to send a delegation on to Washington, for the
purpose of settling with the Government lor whatever bal-
ance may be due their tube, in virtue of a treaty made at
YVa-paugb-konnetta, in the State of Ohio, on the 8ih day
of August, A. D. l&U,and ratified by the Senate of the
United States, on the 6th day of April, A. I). 183-2.
The chiefs now requested me to draw up an instrument
and general power of attorney for thorn to sign, authorizing
their delegates, with the powei and authority of the tribe",
to make settlement with the United States Governmentlor
all balances due *aid tribe, in virtue of said treaty, and to
sign, seal, and deliver to the United States Government,
the necessary and proper receipts tor whatever received.
Dlackhooi, one ot the puneipal chiefs of the tribe, Cap-
tain Joseph Park^, Sar-kec-se-moe, anothei chief, and Spy
l>uck, a councillor, were duly chosen and appointed as
delegates by said general council, to proceed to Washing-
ton in discharge ot their mission.
That poitiou of the seventh aiticle of said treaty ofAu-
gust, 1831, which the tribe desire to settle, will be found as
follows: "Said fund to be continued during the pleasure
{ of Congress, unless the chiefs of the said tube or band,
< by and with the consent of their people in general council
c assembled, should desire that the fund thus to be created
' should be dissolved and paid over to them ; in which ca«e
' the President shall catwe the same to be paid, if, in Iin
' discretion, he shall believe the happiness and prosperity
i ol's-aid tribe would be piomoted thereby." It is agreed
in this general toam.il assembled, that the sum of money
found to he due in virtue of saul tre<ily, whcnreceived, skull
be for the use and benefit of the entire Shawnee trihe.
In giving an opinion, as agent for this tribe of Indians,
with regard to the beneficial iwe^ to be made by the rfhavv-
nees of tins fund, I take great pleasure m stating, that the
Shawnees are advancing moie extoiiMvely in the moral and
other useful employments and business than any of the
tribes of this agency, or any of the adjoining ones. The
chiefs stated to me that the object m getting possession of
this fund due them is mainly to build for their tribe a tjood
saw and gu^t-mill—the one heretofore built by the <2ov-
ernment tor them having long since gone to deeav ami ruin.
They also wish to build for the tube a comfottnbie council-
house; the balance, if any, will be distributed per cupita
to the tribes, for the purpose oi enabling them to pay their
debts, improve their houses, and enlarge their fat nis.
1 cannot do othei wise than give it as my opinion that the
money, when received, will be expended hv them judi-
ciously, by a very largo maiouty of the tnbe, if not the
whole of them.
Thus believing, knowing well then wishes and condition,
I hope the President may, siccordingto the unaminou* wn-li
of the tube, direct that the funds refeired to be paid over to
the delegates sent, as provided by said treaty of 1831, be-
lieving tne Shawnee people wilt be benefited thereby, as f
have great confidence in their general pmdence and man-
agement of the things pertaining to their melioration as a
people.
The delegates sent are personally known to me ; they
arc among the most influential and respectable, moral, and
discreet men of the tube. lilackhoofand Sar-kee-se-moe are
chiefs of great inlluenee ; Spy Huck is an influential coun-
cillor ; Captain Jo-opb Parks is ton well known at the Oe-
paitment to require indorsement fioni me. They all well
deserve the kind notice ami attention of the Indian Dep.u t-
ment, and I bo-peak tor thein an early action in the biici-
ness which takes them to the seat of Government.
The chiefs of the Shawnee tribe request nie to j ay to the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs, that in the ovent the dele-
gates should not succeed in receiving fiom the Government
the funds now expected bv the treaty of 1831. they wish the
Commissioner of Indian Affair*, to furnish the delegates a
sufficient sum of money, out of the annuity due them for
1852, as will defray their expenses, incurred by them in
going to and returning from Washington, and any receipts
given by them, shall be good and valid to the United States,
against their tribe tor the sum advanced out of the said an-
nuity of 1852. Most respectfully,your obedient servant,
THOMAS MOvSELEY, Jr.,
United States Indian J]gent.
Colonel D. D. Mitchell,
Superintendent Indian (fairs, St. Louis, Missouri.
Mr. BELL. Mr. President, I called for the
reading of the letter, that there might be some dis-
tinct ground upon which to base some of the re-
marks which I propose to make on this subject.
I find a general disposition among the members of
the Senate to vote this claim. I repeat what 1 said
a moment ago, that if it should be the pleasure of
the Senate to be generous to this tribe, I should
not be pertinacious in my objection, particularly
since the associations which some of our honored
members and distinguished friends have brought
to our notice, however defective the claim may he
as a question of right. I had the letter read for
the purpose of showing; to the Senate that this dele-
gation came here to prosecute no such claim as
that now presented. It is a remarkable fact in
the history of its progress, although T will not
undertake to say it never existed heretofore, yet
the presumption is very fair, that it has been set
up since the delegation arrived in this city. At
all events, I have heard it said that until 1844 or
1846, no such claim was ever thought of against
the Government. Now, all at once, since this
delegation has arrived here, has this new claim
ripened into such truth, and discovered to be found-
ed upon such strong reasons of justice, as well
as of generosity, that I find honorable Senators-
even those who are most watchful upon occasions
of this kind—ready to give their assent to an ab-
solute appropriation of this large amount of
money.
The proposition of the honorable Senator from
Arkansas proposes to refer the question of the
liability of this Government for this claim, to the
opinion of the Attorney Genera!. I have great
confidence in the opinion of the Attorney General,
and doubt not that if he were to give the question
a thorough investigation, he would arrive at a cor-
rect conclusion, and do justice both to the Shaw-
nees and the Government of the United States.
But I am at a loss to conceive why, in such a case
as the present, it is necessary to refer the decision
of such a question to any officer of the Govern-
ment. I do not see the necessity of making any
provisional legislation upon thesubject, unless we
are first satisfied that there is some ground to sup-
pose that the claim is well-founded.
I should like to know from the honorable Sena-
tor from Michigan, (Mr. Cass,] who is more in-
timately acquainted than I am, from his reading
and long experience with the Indians, and has
more knowledge of the history of the various tribes
that inhabit the western frontier, whether his his-
torical recollection or knowledge have never led
him to trace the former connection of these Shaw-
nees living in Missouri, at the time the treaty of
1825 was made, and those that lived in Ohio at the
same time. When were they separated? Were
they not a part of the same original tribe of In-
dians ? They bear the same name. They are a
kindred people. When did they become sepa-
rated.
Mr. CASS. If the honorable Senator wishes
me to answer the question, I would say that J do
not know when thev were separated. It is along
while back, before I knew anything about them.
It is a most common occurrence in Indian history
for tribes to separate. I suppose this tribe must
have separated sixty or seventy years ngo. They
have been separated during the last forty years,
during which time I have known them.
Mr. BELL. My information is that these In-
dians of Ohio, of whose sagacity the honorable
Senator has spoken so eloquently—when they
found that they were to be swept from the country
which they occupied on this side of the Missis-
sippi—when they found that the powerful people
who had settled the Atlantic slope would never
give them rest while they were within any terri-
tory which they could lay claim to, particularly
after the Revolution,in which the independence of
the United States was won—they all went west of
the Mississippi together. They petitioned the
Spanish Government for the privilege of estab-
lishing themselves on the right bank of the Mis-
sissippi. The Baron de Carondelet made a grant
to them, which has been alluded to in the debate,
to hold the tract of territory near Cape Girardeau.
But the grant was made to them in the usual way
under which the Indians held lands of the Spanish
Government, which is the same as our own, pro-
viding specifically, that when they thought proper
to remove, their lands should revert to the Gov-
ernment, and be public property. This grant of
the Baron de Carondelet to the Shawnee Indians,
was made in 3793, I believe. All the Shawnees
went there, except, perhaps, a few stragglers, I
know that there were some on the Tennessee river
remaining. That is the narrative which I have
had of it. I have understood that they all re-
mained in Missouri till 1805, or until some later
period, when this Ohio band returned and estab-
lished themselves north of the Ohio.
Mr. CASS. Will the Senator allow me to ob-
serve, that his information on the subject is not
warranted by the historical facts. These Indians
were on the Maumee in 1794, and a treaty was
made with them in 1795. A portion of these very
Indians were then in that same region.
Mr. BELL. I know that in 179;1 and 1795, a
part of this tribe were with the Creeks and Cher-
okees on the Tennessee river; and they were some
of the most formidable enemies that the settlers
on the Tennessee and Cumberland rivers had to
