1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1215
or imaginary case, might result from our doing
right in this, it seems to me that is the whole of
the matter of the defense. This man has been
robbed. He has lost $3,000. He lost #6,0G0 in
the first place, but by his diligence, he recovered
S3,000. But he has lost $3,000, and cannot settle
his accounts. It was lost by no faultof his. The
question then is, whether Congress shall deliber-
ately hold a man responsible to restore to the
Treasury what has been taken by robbers in fe-
lonious violation of the laws, by those whom the
laws of the country have failed to restrain from
robbing him of the money? I say we are deliber-
ately asking to compel a man under these circum-
stances, to account for the money and to relieve
the Treasury. What is it except to deliberately
do wrong to a citizen, for fear of harm in some
other case? Such a doctrine is theheight of injus-
tice. The petitioner has done no wrong, fie is
guilty of no fault r He has lost the money and
now comes to ask of the equitable powers of this
House to relieve him, so far as to enable him to
settle his accounts. That is all. We pay him
no money, and we are not asked to pay him any. I
We are only asked to enable him to settle his ac- j
counts. !
Mr. MOREHEAD. Ibegleavetosubmitafew j
remarks to this committee. There are a number |
of other cases which are similar in their nature to i
the one now before the House, and I think it is \
necessary, in order to save time, to settle the prin-
ciple in our decision upon this case, so as to
furnish a rule by which we may be guided here-
after.
I confess that I am against this claim. Taking
every view iri which its advocates have presented
it, I think the whole question resolves itself into
one isolated point, and it is this: whether we shall
establish a rule against the public policy, in order
to relieve an individual hardship in a particular
case. It is said that extreme cases are the most
dangerous quicksands in the law; and so may it
also be said that extreme cases are the most dan-
gerous in legislation. I admit that this seemingly
operates unjustly, perhaps against this individual.
But suppose the same circumstances existed be-
tween individuals. Why, it is conceded, I believe,
by every gentleman who has advocated the bill,
that if he were a judge, and such a case were
presented, he would be bound to decide against
the applicants. I ask whether such would notbe
the decision in a case between man and man ?
And if the principle beagood one when it is to be
applied between man and man, where is the differ- j
enee when it is to be applied by this House be- j
tvreen twenty-four millions of people and one 1
man ? Is not the principle exactly the same? j
Mr. SWEETSER. Ifthe gentleman will allow j
me. In the case between individuals there is a j
benefit supposed to be resulting from having pos- !
session of the property, and from the performance ]
of the contract; while m the rase of a public officer, i
he undertakes faithfully and honestly to discharge
the duties pertaining to the office to which he was >,
appointed or elected. Now, it seems to me, that "
if that officer has faithfully and honestly discharged ' i
his duty, and yet has been stricken down by a I;
misfortuneoccasioned by circumstances not within !
his control, that the Government is bound to re-
lieve him from any responsibility in the matter. !,
Mr. MOREHEAD. Then if the gentleman is
under obligation to do it, there is no necessity for
his coming here. The ordinary courts of the ;
country would relieve him at once. It is not the ■;
province of the National Legislature to perform ;
the functions of an ordinary court of justice, and ,,
decide questions of private right. It could have !i
been done m the local court where it took place, :i
where the sitting of the court would have cost not
more than £20 per day, and not have been brought !;
to one the cost of which is $3,000 per day.
But I was about saying that I do not believe •
there is a man in this body who will say that a
casein which twenty-four millions of people were ^
on one side, and one man on the other, should be
decided differently from a similar case in which'!
individuals alone were interested. Now, I submit :!
this case to the consideration of this body, and I ^
beg it to be borne in mind that we are the Repre- ,
sentatives of these twenty-four millions of people,
(and it is admitted, that if this were a case be-
tween one man and another, the applicant could .
not make his case good,) and I ask, whether we
are to apply one principle of equity here and an- ,
other there? If you are to do that, you abandon
principle entirely. But the gentlemen who have
argued this case hate laid down the proposition
that this rule was adopted as early as 1791. Well,
sir, if it was, it was adopting a bad principle,and
the sooner we reject it the better. But if it has
not been adopted as a uniform rule of action by
which we are to be governed in such cases, then
we ought to be extremely cautious in adopting it
as a rule now. Why, look at the proceedings in
our ordinary transactions. I can readily imagine
a hundred cases where the hardship is greater than
this, yet our State Legislatures are never called
upon to relieve them. In many cases this is a
principle fixed. It is a quid pro quo. It is a con-
sideration which men are to look to before they
take upon themselves the responsibilities of the I
office. But, Mr. Chairman, you may rely upon
it, there never was a time in "the history of'the
Government, and there never will be, when there
will not be applicants to fill all the offices in the
gift of the Government, and these applicants must
look to the consequences before they take upon
themselves the responsibilities of office. Every
prudent man will do that. Your officers should
be responsible. Nothing should constitute an ex-
cuse unless it be an act of God or the enemies of
the country. Why, no man, I suppose, ever
knew the Legislature of a State, or the judge of a
court, to relieve a man because his was an extraor-
dinary case. Why is it that public agents and
common carriers are never excused unless it is by
an act of God or the public enemies of the country?
And when we are about to establish a rule of public
policy, it is infinitely better that we should seem
to treat an individual case harshly, than that you
should make inroads by which frauds in number-
less instances will be perpetrated upon the country.
I will venture this Government has as many as
fifty or sixty thousand recipients of the public
money. Now, if a little country postmaster,
whose salary does not amount to more than from
$10 to $20 per quarter, were to be robbed of his
money, and then come here and present a claim 
Mr. MOORE, of Pennsylvania. I wish to ask
a question of some member of this committee. I
have been informed that an iron fire-proof safe
was furnished to this man at first, but that it was
afterwards taken from him. I desire to inquire j
whether that is so? i
Mr. MOREHEAD. I cannot inform the gen-
tleman. I do not know.
Mr. PORTER. I do not think such was the
case. At least nothing of the kind has ever come
to the knowledge of the committee.
Mr. SACKETT. The money was taken from
the safe when it was stolen.
Mr. MOORE. Was it the first safe the Gov-
ernment furnished him with?
Mr. SACKETT. It was the same safe used
by his predecessors. But these are the facts in
regard to the money being- in a safe. The Gov-
ernment had heretofore been in the habit of depos-
iting large sums of money in the bank, and this
officer had deposited it there, but the bank had
refused to receive it, and this was the safe he was
authorized to keep it in.
Mr. MOIIEHAD. Be that so, or not so, the
question comes back, Had this receiver contracted
with the Government that they should furnish him
a safe place to deposit his money ? If so, and he
had been guilty of no negligence with regard to it,
then the Government violated its contract, and ,
there is no necessity for his coming here, because j;
the courts of justice will give all he now asks for.
The Government must perform its duty, before it i
can hold him responsible. I say again, there is, ■
then, no necessity for his coming here. Let the ;
Government sue him upon the bond. If it cove-
nanted with him, if it had contracted to furnish ['
him with a place of safety for the money, then it !
cannot hold him responsible. But, be that as it !i
may, I understand the gentleman from Pennsyl- j
vania [Mr. Moore] founds his argument upon the ,
suggestion that the Government furnished him ,,
with a safe, and then took it away. Well, sup- ;!
pose it did. Did the Government contract with j
him to furnish that safe ? Was it under obligations ,
to furnish it? And did it violate any obligation by (
taking it away? 1
Mr. PORTER. There was a safe there—one ,
which his piedecessor had.
Mr. MOREHEAD. That stiil leaves the case !'
the same as before. Here is a man who under-!',
takes to perform certain duties. He obligates him-
self to keep the money of the Government safely.
He makes no reservations to himself, nor any con-
tingencies by which he is to be excused; and if
under these circumstances he loses the money, he
is bound in justice to make it good.
But 1 observed that I suppose there are some
fifty or sixty thousand recipients of the public
money in the United States. Now, I take it that
were a little country postmaster robbed, no matter
how careful he might have been—as the highest
evidence of his diligence and precaution, we will
suppose he had kept it with his own money—but
notwithstanding; his diligence and prudence, we
will suppose §10 of this postage money had been
stolen with his own, why he would be laughed at
if he were to come here, and ask this Government
to relieve him from all responsibility in the case.
The only difference between that case and the one
under consideration is m the amount. But does
the amount vary the principle?
Now, sir, these offices are all intended for the
benefit of the people. No man is bound to take
upon himself tne responsibilities connected with
the performance of the duties of an office like this.
It is his duty, as a prudent man, to look to the
liabilities and the consequences, and to consider
whether the compensation is sufficient to warrant
him in meeting them, if it is not, let him not
touch the office. If it be enough, why, then, let
him stand up to them.
I say that it would be wrong in principle, in
reply to appeals to this House, to grant relief in
all extraordinary cases. I make no imputation in
this case. I take for granted every fact that gen-
tlemen have placed before the committee; and in
relation to the conduct of the claimant, 1 put him,
as he is by everybody else, above suspicion. Is
it not betier that in one particular case hardship
should be endured than that by granting the relief
prayed for in this instance, you should open the
door to more than one hundred scoundrels to
practice fraud upon the Treasury? Entertaining
the views I have 'here presented, I shall vote
against the bill. My vote is based upon a matter
of principle. I vote against it because all around
me is heard proclaimed that there are many claims
waiting adjudication of a similar character—in-
volving the same principle. If the door is now
; opened, claims of this kind will be pressed and
I pressed, until Congress will be compelled to close
! their ears against the admission of extreme cases,
j or do nothing else but to adjudicate them.
. Mr. GORMAN. Mr. Chairman, an officer of
the army, not regular in the staff, but transferred
\ from the line, gives no bond generally. If within
a given time under the law, he fails to make a set-
tlement of his accounts, he is liable to be dismissed
or cashiercd. Under another law—the Independ-
ent Treasury law—he is liable to the pains and
penaliies for defalcation. But, sir, the gentleman
j from North Carolina [Mr. Morehead]states that
. if you grant relief in this instance, ninety-nine
; others of a similar character may come in, ninety-
eight of which may be unjust. There is, I be-
| heve, a maxim founded upon justice, equity, and
! mercy, that you had better let ninety-nine guilty
, men escape, than one innocent man should be pun-
: ished. A defalcation by our present Independent
Treasury law is declared to be criminal. It is in
1 some instances made a felony. Now, in this case,
Major Cross has-proved before this committee he
lost the money specified in their report, and that
; it was not because of any default or neglect on his
part; that he used all diligence for the purpose of
preserving the public money. A majority of the
Committee on Claims are satisfied that 'his case
has been fully made out, and that he is entitled at
least to a settlement of his accounts before the
Depaitment What has he to do when he pre-
sents himself before the Department?
Mr. PORTER. The committee were satisfied
of the facts as stated to them, and the only differ-
ence was as to the question of public policy, upon
which ground a minority opposed the bill.
Mr. GORMAN. I understood that he had sat-
isfied the committee of the entire correctness of
his proof. When he comes to settle his accounts,
the Department acting under law, will require
him to produce his vouchers for every dollar that
he has expended. They hold his receipts for
every dollar that has been deposited in his hands
by the Government. If he cannot produce vouch-
ers for every dollar that has passed from him, the
