304
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 19.
d,ai;e say that there are many gentlemen 1
-are in trie same situation. If it is a shot
i here who
-are in the same situation. 11 it is a short article,
it rifigliti be read by the Clerk.
Mr. "STANTON, of Tennessee. We have all
read it. _
  The SPEAKER said that the article could only
' be read by unanimous consent.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, objected.
The question was then taken, and there were—
yeas 133, nays 38; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Charles AHenj Willis Allen, Andrews,
John Appleton,'William Appleton, Ashe, Averett, Bell,
jBibighaus, Bocock, Bragg, Breckenridge, Brenton, Briggs,
Brooks, Albert G. Brown, Buell, Burrows, B^isby, E. Car-
riugton Cabell, Caldwell, Lewis D. Campbell, I'fyompson
Campbell, Cartter, Caskie. Chandler, Chapman, Church-
well, Clark, Cleveland-, Cobb, Colcoefc, Cullom, George T.
Davis, Dawson, Dean, Doty, Duncan, Durkee, jEastman,
Eduiundson, Ficklin, Fitch, Florence, Fowler, Freeman,
Thomas J. 6. Fuller, Gentry, Giddings, Gilmore, Goode-
now, Green, Grow, Harper, Sampson W. Harris, Hart,
Haws, Hascall, Haven, Hebard, Henn, Hibbard, Hillyer,
Holladay, Horstbrd, John W. Howe, Thomas M. Howe,
Hunter, Ingersoll, Ives, Jackson, Jenkins, Andrew John-
son, John Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, Daniel T. Jones,
JT. Glancy Jones, Preston King, Kuiins. Kurtz, Landry,
LockharL Mace, Martin, McLanahan, McNair, Meade,
Miller, Miner, Molony, Henry D. Moore, Morehead, Mur-
ray, Nabers, Newton,'Andrew Parker, Samuel W. Parker,
Peaslee, Powell, Piice, Richardson, Robinson, Ross, Rus-
sell, Schermerhoin, Sohoonmaker, Soudder,Origen S. Sey-
mour, Smith, Benjamin Stanton, Frederick P. Stanton,
Richard H. Stanton? Abraham P. Stevens, Stone, Stuart,
Taylor, Benjamin Thompson, Geo. W. Thompson, Thurs-
ton, Townshend, Tuck, Walbridge, Ward, Washburn,
Watkiris, Welch, Wells,' Alexander White, Wilcox, Wil-
liams, Woodwaid, and Yates—132
NAYS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Barrere, Chastain, Cling-
man, Daniel, John G. Davis, Edgerton, Gaylord, Hamilton,
luliam G. Harris, Hendricks, Houston, Thomas Y. How,
Jafnes Johnson, George VV. Jones, Letcher, Humphrey
Marshall, McCorkle, McDonald, John Moore, Murphy,.
Olds, Orr, Penn, Phelps, Polk, Robbins, Sackett, School
craft, Scurry, Alexander H. Stephens, St. Martin, Sweet-
aer, Venable, Wallace, Walsh, and Addison White—38.
So the rules were suspended.
Mr. ALLISON then .submitted his resolution.
And the question being on its adoption,
Mr. STUART moved the previous question;
which was seconded, and the main question or-
dered to be put, which was upon the adoption of
the resolution.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Georgia, demanded the
yeas and nays; which were ordered.
Mr. POLK called for the reading of the reso-
lution.
The resolution was again read.
Mr. ORR. Will not this resolution, ifadopted,
break the contract of the public printer ?
The SPEAKER. It is not for the Chair to de-
termine what will be the effect of the resolution.
Mr. ORR. Well, that will be the result of it.
If it is adopted, we shall have the public printer
coming to this House for compensation.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. ORR mov-ed to lay the resolution on the
table, and on that motion demanded the yeas and
liays; which were ordered.
ivlr, DUNCAN. Is (he question debatable?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. BOCOCK. Has the previous question
been ordered on the resolution so that it cannot
be amended ?
The SPEAKER. Yes. j
The question was then taken, and there were— j
yeas 49, nays 127; as follows: j
YEAS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Barrere, Bocock, Brooks, '
Lewis D. Campbell, Churchwell, Clingman, Colcock, 1
Daniel, John G. Davis-, Disney, Dunham, Edgerton, Flor-
ence, Hall, Hamilton, rsham G. Harris, Haws, Hendiicks,
Houston, Thomas Y. IIow, James Johnson, George W.
Jones, Landry, Letcher, Mace, Humprey Maisha!l,Mc-
Mullin,' Millson, John Moore. Murphy, Olds, Orr, Outlaw,
Perm, Phelps, Polk, Pi ice, Robbins, Jacket?, Scurry, Stan-
ly, Alexander H. Stephens, St. Maitin, Sweetser, Ven-
able, Wallace, Walsh, and Addison White—49.
NAYS—Messrs. Charles Allen, Willis Allen, Allison,
Andrews, John Appleton, William Appleton, Ashe, Aver-
ett, Babcock, Bartlett, Ribighaus. BUsell, Biasrg, Brecken-
ndge, Brenton, Briggs, Buell. Buriows, Busby, Caldwell,
Thomson Campbell, Cartter, Caskie, Chandler, Chapman, j
Chastam, Clark, Cleveland, Cobb, Cullom, Curtis, Geoige
I. Davis, Dawson, Dean, Dimmick, Dockeiv, Dotv, Dun- j
can, Durkee, Edmundson, Ewing, Ficklin, Fitch, Fowler, !
Thomas J. D. Puller, Gaylord, Gentry, Giddmgs, Gihnore, i
Goodenow, Green, Grey, Grow, Harper. Sampson W. Har- i
ns, Hart, Hascall, Haven, Hebard, Henn, Hibbard, Hillvcr
Holladaj, Hor^tord, John W. Howe, Thomas M. Howe I
Hunter. Ingersoll, Jackson, Jenkins, Andrew Johnsor' !
John Johnson, Kobert W. Johnson, Daniel T. Jones j! i
Glancy Jones, Pieston King, Iiuhns, Kurtz, Lockhart Mar
tin, McCorkle, McLanahan, McNaii, Meade, Miller Mi-
ner, Moiony, Henry D. Moore, Morehead, Morrison Slur-
ray, Newton, Andrew Paiker. Samuel W. Parker, Peas-
lee, Portei, Rantoul, Robinson, Ross, Russell, Schoomna-
ker, Seuddor, David L. Seymour, Origen S. Seymour. Ben-
jamin Stanton, Frederick P. Staaton, Ricbard-H. Stanton
Abraham P. Steyens, Stuart, Taylor j Benjamin Thompson,
George W. Thompson, Thurston, Townshend,Tuck,-Wal-
bridge, Ward, Washbiirn, Watkins, Welch, Wells, AJex.
White, Wilcox, Williams, "Woodward, and Yates—127."
So the House refused to lay die resolution upon
the table.
The question being put upon the adoption of the
resolution', it was agreed to.
Mr. ORR. I tnove to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adoptee}* I believe that
motion is debatable ?
The SPEAKER. It is.
[Mr. BARRERE, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as correctly enrolled the bill
to admit-the vessel called the Eltwaif to registry;
and it received the signature of the Speaker.]
Mr. ORR. I do not propose to trouble the
House with a long speech, but I desire to call their
attention to the resolution they have just adopted,
with the hope that the vote by which it was adopt-
ed will be reconsidered, and then that it will be
rejected. Before proceeding I desire to inquire of
the gentleman who introduced this resolution if it
was not his purpose, if it was not understood
that this printing, instead of being executed by
the public printer of the House, is to be executed
at the Globe office?
Mr. ALLISON. With the consent of the gen-
tleman, I will reply to the interrogatory he has
addressed to me. 1 certainly had no such inten-
tion; 1 had no purpose that the publication should
be made at the office of the Globe. The only de-
sire that I had was, that we should be permitted
to disseminate the information contained in that
publication throughout the country. There was
no design to have it published at any particular
office, but that the Committee on Printing should
have the entire direction of the matter, as it cer-
tainly has by the language of the resolution.
Mr. ORR. With the permission of the gentle-
man, I will ask him another question. Why is it
then that reference is made in the preamble to the
resolution to the publication in the Globe ?
Mr. ALLISON. I shall answer that by saying
that I did not know how I should designate the
particular matter I desired to have published bet-
ter than to indicate the time that report was pub-
lished in the Globet to wit: the 1st of January.
1852.
Mr. ORR. One other question, if the gentle-
man will favor me with an answer.
Mr. ALLISON5. Certainly.
Mr. ORR. It is propose^ *to give to the Com-
mittee on Printing, by virtue of this resolution,
the power to contract with any other person than
the public printer, if they see proper to do so. Is
it intended to confer that authority? j
Mr. ALLISON. In answer to the gentleman, j
I have to say that the authority or direction 1 |
intended to give in the language of the resolution 1
was, that the committee should merely contract j
to have printed one hundred thousand copies of ]
that report—not that they should have power to
go to this office or that office, or to divert it from j
the office to which it rightfully belonged. j
Mr. ORR. The effect of it is necessarily to ;
take this printing from the public printer and give i
it to some one else. The public printer has al- j
ready entered into a contract by which he obli- j
gates himself to do the printing for this House, j
and has entered into bond for the faithful execu- j
tion of it. The terms of the resolution, by con- i
ferring upon the committee the power to go and !
make a contract, contemplates the taking away of j
this printing from the public printer. I do not !
object to that particularly, but only to the result j
that will grow out of it;'and gentlemen who have j
any experience here will bear testimony to the !
fact, when I declare it, that the slightest pretext i
will be seized upon by the public printer to claim
indemnity from this House for an alleged viola-
tion of his contract. We have had experience
already upon this subject. What will be>the re-
sult if the printer fail to discharge his duties?
A motion will be made to bring him before the
House or the Committee on Printing, to whom
he will reply, that Congress has violated their con-
tract by voting to another a portion of the public
printing which legitimately belonged to him. He
will bPing in a memorial here claiming indemnity.
It has been charged that the public printer has
thus far failed to do his duty. 1 have nothing to
say for or against him, until that becomes mani-
fest. Let the Committee on Printing report U>
the House3.and let them abrogate the contract
system; but -I object to the giving the public
printer a pretext to come here and demand com-
pensation from *this House for a supposed viola-
tion of the-contract, and declaring it void. If he
has failed to perform his obligations, do not give
him the excuse'to come here and say " that you
have violated the contract as well as I have, and
that therefore die right does not exist in you to
hold me to a strict accountability." The public
printer has already began to make complaints. I
saw, a day, or two ago, a memorial of his ad-
dressed to the Senate in Reference to the census
printing. He states that he has made large out-
lays, that he has purchased some five or six
presses, brought hands here and a large amount of
type, for the purpose of doing the printing. In
my own opinion he has taken the contract at less
prices than the work can be executed for. It will,
I think; result in a failure; and if you give him the
least pretext to come here and demand compensa-
tion by the passage of this or a similar resolution,
you will settle upon yourselves the necessity of
paying for.thfe breach of contract §40,000 $50,000
or $100,000.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I ask the gentleman from
South Carolina, whether it iH within his knowl-
edge that, if this matter goes to the Committee
on Printing, they will give it to some other office
than that to which it properly belongs ?
Mr. ORR. My reason for assuming it to be so,
is based upon the preamble of the resolution, to
which I desire to call the attention of the gentle-
man. It reads:
Whereas the Superintendent of the Census haS pub-
lished—m the Globe of January 1st, 1852—a clear and con-
densed report of the Census. containing a large amount of
valuable information:
And whereas that information, now desired by the pso-
ple, cannot be had, in the ordinary course of printing, for a
Ion™ time to come, and then in limited and very inadequate
quantities: therefoie. &c.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I understand there is a
condensed report published in the Globe, and that
there is also an elaborate report to be published
hereafter. It is proposed by this resolution inas-
much as there is a condensed report, and that it
will take a long time to print the elaborate report,
that the report as contained in the Globe be pub-
lished. It does not seem to,me that the resolution
indicates that the printing shall be done by .the
Globe office.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. I wish to inquire
of the gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Orr,]
if the motion to reconsider prevail, whether the
resolution could not be amended so as to author-
ize the purchase of one hundred thousand copies
of the Globe, and thus obviate all the difficulty
suggested by the gentleman?
The SPEAKER. If the vote be reconsidered,
it would bring the-resolution back under the pre-
vious question.
Mr. ORR. I was about to remark, that by
adopting the course suggested, it would obviate
the objection I have stated. I am opposedmvself
to printing any-of these copies at all, but there is
evidently a majority of the House in favor of it.
If the vote be reconsidered, and the resolution
reached, gentlemen may move to amend it by or-
dering the purchasing of one hundred thousand
copies of tjie Congressional Globe. Then it would
not interfere with the public printing at all.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. In the ab-
sence of the chairman of the Committee on Print-
ing, I will make a statement in reference to this
matter, so that the House may understand the
provision in the contract. Some time ago there
was a resolution introduced into the Senate, di-
recting the printing of the census to be given to
the editors of the Union. That resolution was
referred to the joint Committee on Printing of the
two Houses. The committee met, took the mat-
ter into consideration, sent for t,he public printer,
received from him a statement of his claim to that
particular portion of the printing, which he pre-
sented in writing. That claim was examined at-
tentively b'y the committee of the two Houses,
together with his contract; and they came to the
conclusion, I believe, unanimously, that both by
the terms of the contract itself and by the law of
Congress which directed the census to be taken,
the public printer was not entitled to this print-
ing. The contract itself excluded it, atid the law
reserved to Congress the right to print this matter
as they should think proper.
