1216
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 30.
bai&nce is charged to his acfcount. He can pro-
duce the vouchers for every dollar that he has dis-
bursed, but not for the P,000 which he says was
stolen. He cannot produce proof before the De-
partmentupon which to obtain settlement of his
accounts, because that Department is not the tri-
bunal clothed with the power to pass upon cases
of this kind. They act under a fixed rule of law.
There is the law staring them in the face. They
say, " when you settle you must present the
proper vouchers for what you have expended. If
you cannot do that you must then go to the law-
making power—you must appeal to Congress to
grant you relief and to authorize your proof of
the- money being stolen, to become a sufficient
voucher* before the Department." They say that
they"cannot allow this credit; Congress is the only
body which can grant it. It is not within the
purview of the principle laid down by the gen-
tleman, of common carrier, that every person is
responsible, saving by act of God, or the enemies
of the country. Why? He gives no bond. In
the second place, there is no liability beyond that
of his official character as an officer in the army;
md in the third place, he is bound to produce
vouchers for every cent that has passed from his
hands. The only body that can grant this excuse
is Congress. This is the only couij he can appeal
. to. HecannotsuetheGeneral Government,and the
Government cannot sue him as an offieer. He is,
however, liable to the pains and penalties of the
Independent Treasury law, making defalcation a
felony. He has acted throughout m good faith.
He has shown the authorities of the Government
that he has not misapplied this money—that he
has not appropriated it to his own use. He comes
forward and proves that this money has not been
lost through his own default or neglect. You
must give us proper vouchers under the law, says
the Department. He replies, I cannot do that;
the money has been stolen. This is the only court
from which he can get the power of settling with
the agents of the Government. What do you do
by this bill ? You merely authorize the agents of
the Government to give him credit for the amount
he'has lost after he has satisfied them that it has
been lost, which fact, the committee fully admit.
This should be done, if it is honestly believed that
he has lost this money from no default or neglect
of his own.
Has it come to this, that when an officer of the
Government proves conclusively that his house
and goods—bank and Treasury notes—have been
consumed by fire, the only tribunal which can,
will not interpose to save him from ruin, and as an
officer of the Army, to save him from the imputa-
tion of defaulter? For, unless he makes his set-
tlement at a given time, he is, under the law, dis-
missed from the service. He appeals to Congress
to grant him relief, and if you refuse to extend it,
after he has made out a clear case, what other tri-
bunal,! ask gentlemen,has the power to do so?
Is he to suffer. If he can prove that the money
was lost by robbery; if he shows the fact that !
you did not give him—for it is one of the rules of '
military law, that an officer disbursing the public
funds lias the right—to a military escort, the relief
.proposed to be extended in this bill should lie
granted. He has the right to have armed soldiery
to guard the boxes in which are deposited the
public money. Did you give him that guard? If
you did not, you have not complied with your j
contract—with your obligation under the military !
law. Whether there was an armed soldiery guard- |
ing it or not, it was by no default of Major Cross i
that it was lost. Where is your court of chancery j
to relieve him ? :
Mr. MACE. With my colleague's permission, ,
I will ask him a question. Would he be willing !
to ehange the policy of this country, and incorpo- !
rate into the law that its officers shall not be liable 1
for public money that has been stolen from them ?
Mr. GORMAN. I will answer my colleague,
that were the courts of justice opened" to the par-
ties, and they could approach the chancery side i
of the court, and obtain relief according to the
equity of their case, I would not relax the rule of
law. I will now inquire of my colleague where
else than in Congress can this gentleman appeal
to get relief?
Mr. MACE. I will answer, that he has no
relief at all.
Mr. GORMAN. My colleague replies that he
has no relief at all. I again ask, when an officer
of the Government is acting in good faith, has the
money-chest—the money-bag containing the pub-
lic money, or other public property, under his care,
destroyed by the act of God, or the act of the
enemy, where is the court of equity but in the
hands of the Representatives of the people ? They
have the power to relieve him—to authorize that
he shall be accredited for the amount lost in the
Department. It would be wicked in the extreme
—an outrage upon the country—I had almost said
a discredit to our national character—to deny re-
lief to him, when we believe he acted in good
faith, and had honestly and truly discharged his
duty. I have done.
Mr. GOODENOW. I understood the gentle-
man from Indiana to state that this man, under the
military law, had a right to a guard.
Mr. GORMAN. It is a part of the rules and
regulations of the Army that an officer disbursing
the public funds has a right to a military escort—
a military guard.
Mr. GOODENOW. Would it be a neglect on
his part not to ask for it ?
Mr. GORMAN. During a war, and while he
was in the enemy's country, not to ask a guard
would be a neglect of duty on his part. If he was
in our own country, at a time of peace, with no
other liabilities than those to which every man's
property and transactions are subject, he would
not be guilty of neglect in not requiring a guard.
Mr. MOREHEA D. It certainly was the duty
of the officer, the Government, in compliance with
its obligations being bound to furnish him a
guard, to notify it that he required an escort.
Mr. BOWIE. Mr. Chairman, the case cited
by the honorable gentleman from Maine, [Mr.
Goodekow,] of the United States against Pres-
cott, was an action brought upon the bond of a
receiver of public money. Mr. Justice McLean,
who delivered the opinion upon that case, expli-
citly declared that it was not a case of bail—that
it was not a case even of special bailment; that it
was an action originating upon the bond, and one
which must be governed by the stipulations of the
condition of that bond. The defendant in that
case having expressly stipulated that he would
preserve the public moneys, it was no defense to
an action upon that bond that the public moneys
had been feloniously stolen and carried away. He
then U-ent on to remark upon the danger of this
policy of relieving all who had undertaken to en-
ter into explicit stipulations to preserve the public
money from any accident of this kind. And he
expressly comments upon the probability and
practice of the receivers of public money combin-
ing and colluding with others in order to absolve
themselves from their legal obligations. I think
it enough, sir, to warrant our voting any bill of
this kind, that the authority of the Supreme Court
of the United States is not against it. If the au-
thority of the Supreme Court of the United States
were against the claim expressly, I should hesi-
tate long before resisting an opinion emanating
from so high a source. But I apprehend that the
reasons assigned by the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Gorman,] are abundantly sufficient to jus-
tify the action of this committee in supporting the
report of the Committee on Claims. He informs
us that quartermasters and paymasters in the
Army give no bond; that they do not stipulate to
receive and keep the public money safely against
all persons, but that, on the contrary, their moneys
are confided in their hands as men and as officers,
and that the penalties which they are subject to are
degradation and dismissal from the service. If such
be the case, and it is made manifest to the supreme
Legislature that the depositary of the public money
in this instance is wholly exempt from blame;
that he appears before them with pure hands, en-
tirely unpolluted by the suspicion of fraud, it jus-
tifies us in absolving him from the imputation
which would otherwise rest upon him and his de-
scendants so long as bis accounts remained un-
settled at the Department.
I think, Mr. Chairman, that we might assume
the responsibility even of declaring that that policy
which is based upon the presumption that all men
are dishonest, ought to be changed by express
legislation. High as the responsibility would be,
broad as it would be, revolutionary as it might
seem in regard to the previous legislation of t.his
Government, I would rather array myself in be-
half of so startling a position as that, than be in-
strumental in convicting an innoccnt man of a
crime of which he was not guilty. If it is the law
of the land that all our officers are supposed'to be
guilty until they are proved innocent, it is time, I
think, in the nineteenth century, that the principle
should be expunged. But it is not necessary
we should adopt any such radical change in our
institutions, in regard to those who assume to be
the special depositaries of the money of the Gov-
ernment, and who are willing to bind themselves
to keep it at all hazards, who receive a compensa-
tion adequate to the risk, and take it knowingly,
and abide by the consequences; but those who
receive these funds collaterally, in the discharge of
military duty, and who are subject to military dis-
cipline, ought to be exonerated, and especially
when they are acquitted, as in this case, by a mil-
itary tribunal, of all blame. Major Cross has
been tried by his peers; he has been absolved from
all imputation, and it is only necessary this House
should authorize the accounting officers of the
Government to grant him this allowance, in order
that his record may be pure hereafter. It is not
for the paltry sum of $3,000 that he has approached
this committee. It is in order that his descend-
ants may hereafter be able to point to him, as one
who has left his accounts with the Government
entirely adjusted. It is for these reasons, notwith-
standing the authority of the case quoted by the
honorable gentleman from Maine, and notwith-
standing all the high principles of public policy
which may be justly involved, according to the
circumstances of that case, 1 have concluded to
support the report made by the majority of the
Committee on Claims.
Mr. SACKETT. Mr. Chairman, I wish to
submit a remark or two upon the subject of pub-
lic policy, that has been so elaborately presented
in the consideration of this matter. W hat is this
principle on the partof theGovernment that holds
its financial officers to strict accountability? It
is spoken of as something having a degree of
latitude of the most unbounded character—as a
certain indescribable, unapproachable essence or
theory, that compels us to do absolute wrong in
each individual case that good may come on gen-
eral principles. Sir, I do not subscribe to any
such doctrine. Is there anything in public policy
that requires a public servant to be held unjustly
accountable to the Government ? I deny the exist-
ence of any such policy. I deny that this Gov-
ernment ever adopted any such policy in any case
or class of cases. What! the Government adopt
as a deliberate and universal principle, to be ap-
plied to its public officers, that they hold them
accountable as against equity. Where is any
such rule to be found ? It is against manifest, dis-
tinct, and positive justice, that a Government
should hold its citizens upon a principle of public
policy to any such doctrine as this. I deny, ut-
terly, that there ever was any such doctrine in this
or any other Government regulated bylaw. It is
sound policy, it is the universal policy of the Gov-
ernment, to have its citizens governed bylaw, and
to have their interests, rights, liberties, ar.d prop-
erty regulated by law. But there are cases where
the equitable powers of theGovernment aie proper
to be exercised iti regard to all these rights. Are
therenot? Shall we abandon such cases? What
are we asked to adopt that the Government shall,
by its policy of holding officers to accountability,
hold a particular officer to accountability, that ev-
ery man. upon his conscience, will say is an unjust
responsibility. It is an inequitable responsibility.
Mr. CABLE, of Ohio. I would like to ask the
gentleman a question. I wish to know if there are
not grounds of suspicion, that the man in thiscase,
who locked a colored man in the office, had not
preconcerted a plan with this colored man ? If
not so, how does it happen that that amount of
money couid not be traced to where it was ex-
pended ?
Mr. SACKETT. I do not know what the gen-
tleman means by the question, how it comes that
the money could not be traced to where it was ex-
pended? All there is in the case upon that point
is simply this, that the officer had raised three sev-
eral drafts, and that in payment of one of the lia-
bilities of the Government, he received Govern-
ment Treasury notes in change for the balance of
one of these drafts to the amount of $G,000—that
that $6,000 was stolen, and by his diligence and
perseverance, he hunted out and secured $3,000
back again. The felons who took the money were
traced out and criminally convicted of the offense.
