2080
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 5.
contend with, and a portion of them may still have
remained m Ohio. But, at whatever period they
settled on the right bank of the Mississippi, under
this grant, my information is, that those bands
that remained in Ohio, and were treated with in
1833, were a part of the same tribe which resided
in Missouri. At what precise period what are
called the Ohio Shawnees returned from the west
to the east of the Mississippi, I do not know; but
it seems to be certain that they did return and settle
the Ohio, and then they got possession of the
lands which they ceded to us by the treaty of
1831. This explanation is necessary in order to
understand the treaty of 1825. I can assure the
honorable Senator from Kentucky, that he is mis-
taken in regard to there being any separate right of
the Shawnees of Missouri to these fifty miles
square. The article of the treaty of 1825, by
■which we obtained the cession from the Shawnees,
is in these words:
<< It is further agreed by the contracting parties, that in
consideration of the cession aforesaid, the United States
do hereby agree to give to the Shawnee tribe of Indians,
withm the State of'Missouri, for themselves, and for tho«e
of the same nation now residing in Ohio, who may here-
after emigrate to the west of the Mississippi."
Then it was given to the very people who ori-
ginally constituted part of the band who held the
twenty-five miles square in the neighborhood of
Cape Girardeau. This tract of fifty miles square
west of the State of Missouri, was intended as a
provision for the Missouri Indians, and for those
who had separated from them many years before
and settled m Ohio. Those Ohio Indians were a
part of the very tribe to whom the twenty-five
miles square of land were ceded by the Spanish
Government.
Again, sir, it became the policy of this Govern-
ment, and it was acted upon in several treaties
prior to 1825, to collect all the scattered bands and
tribes of Indians residing in any part of the States,
or.within the organized Territories of the United
States, and place them upon territory without the
organized boundaries of the States and Territories.
That was the policy pursued, I know, in the
Creek and Cherokee treaties of 1817 and 1819.
We have a right to presume, from our knowledge
of the then policy of the Government, that the
treaty of 1825 was made with the view of provid-
ing a home for the Shawnee Indians who were in
Ohio when they should cede their lands in that
State. This is an additional argument to show,
that the provision in the treaty of 1825, requiring
the Missouri Shawnees to admit their brethren of
Ohio to share with them a part of the fifty miles
square ceded by the Government in that treaty,
was made in pursuance of an original right and
claim of the Ohio Shawnees in the grant of the
Spanish Government, to be admitted to enjoy a
part of the fifty miles square. It was further ne-
cessary to make this provision, to carry out the
policy of the Government, to collect all these bands
together, get them out of the States as rapidly as
possible, and concentrate them upon some sepa-
rate Indian territory, where they could be free from
the molestations of the whites, and could govern
themselves according to their ancient usages. I
presume the honorable Senator from Michigan
has no knowledge of the history of this tribe that
will contradict that statement of mine with regard
to their being originally of the same band.
The twenty-five miles square were ceded by the
Spanish Government to the entire Shawnee tribe
including those that afterwards removed to Ohio.
It was with those that removed to Missouri that
the treaty of 1825 was made. Under that treaty
the Missouri Shawnees ceded the twenty-five
miles square, equal to 025,000 acres of land, which
had been ceded by the Spanish Government. Hon-
orable Senators have said that there was no con-
sideration given by this Government to the Ohio
Shawnees for their Ohio lands, ceded by the treaty
of 1831, in which it was provided that the Shaw-
nees of Ohio should have 100,000 acres of land out
of the fifty miles square given to the Shawnees of
Missouri by the treaty of 1825. They have said
that the 100,000 acresofland had already been ceded
by the treaty of 1825, and that the Government of
the United States had nothing to give—that it was
a fraud, on the part of the Government, on the In-
dians in Ohio. Now, let us see what they did give
by the treaty of 1825 to the Indians of Ohio, as
well as the Indians of Missouri. The twenty-
five miles square which the Shawnees ofMissouri
then held in the neighborhood of Cape Girardeau,
they gave up for fifty miles square, which was
ceded bythe Government,on the western border of
the Stateof Missouri. The Government gave them
four square miles for one—gave them four acres
for one. In the neighborhood of Cape Girardeau
they held 6^5,000 ; and upon the Kansas, un-
der the treaty of 1825, the Government gave them
1,600,000 acres of land, four times the quantity
they formerly held. The Government did not
only double the amount which might well be sup-
posed to have been quite sufficient for the bands
still remaining in Missouri, but having in view the
removal of the Ohio band, the Government gave
four acres to one—four square miles to one, a tract
of fifty miles square.
As some appeal has been made to the generous
feelings of the American people and of the Senate
upon this subject, I would like Senators to ex-
plain to me the value of the fifty miles square given
by the Government to the Shawnees upon the
Kansas river. I understand that that land is worth,
upon an average, $5 per acre to-day, and that
two thirds of it is worth $10 an acre. These
Shawnees are, at this day, the richest tribe in
America, in proportion to their numbers.
I come now to the treaty of 1831. Under the
second article of that treaty these Shawnees set
up the claim now under consideration for them-
selves, as the claim was originally understood,
and now, it is said, for the whole tribe. That ar-
ticle is in these words:
" In consideration of the cessions stipulated in the fore-
going article, the TJnited States agree to cause the said tube
or band of Shawnee*, consisting of about four hundred
souls, to be removed in a convenient and suitable manner
to the western side of the Mississippi river, and will grant
by patent in tee-simple to them and their heirs forever, as
long as they shall exist as a nation, and remain upon the
same, a tract of land to contain 100,000 acres, to he located,
under the direction of the President of the United States,
within the uaet of land equal to fifty miles square, which
was «i anted to the Shawnee Indian* of the State of Mis-
souri, by the second article of a treaty made at the city of
St. Lotus, m said Stale, with the said Shawnees, of Mis-
souri, by William Clark, superintendent of Indian affairs,
on the 7th day of November, in the vear 1825; and in which
it is provided that the grant aforesaid shall be for the Shaw-
nee tribe of Indians within the State of Missouri, and for
those of the same nation now residing in Ohio, who may
hereafter emigrate to the west of the Mississippi; but if
there should not be a sufficiency of good land unocupied
by the Shawnee Indians, who have already settled on
the tract granted, as aforesaid, by the said treaty of St.
Louis, then the tract of 100,000 acres, hereby granted to the
said Shawnees of Ohio, parties to this compact, shall be lo-
cated, under the direction of the President of the United
States, on lands contiguous to the said Shawnees of Mis-
souri, or on any other unappropriated lands within thedis-
liiel of emintiy designed for the emtgiating Indians of the
United State*."
That shows the policy of the Government.
Honorable Senators may inquire why the Gov-
ernment designated 100,000 acres for those In-
dians? I presume the Indians insisted on it. Why
does the treaty go on to provide that if 300,000
acres of good land cannot be found within the fifty
miles square, these Indians should be located on
good lands, to be designated by the President,
contiguous to the fifty miles square; and if not
there, at any other place that should be agreed
upon? I presume—because we have as much
right to make inferences on this side of the ques- j
tion as there is upon the other—that it was be-
cause, as the Shawnees of Ohio were ceding about
100,000 acres in the Sfafp of Ohio, they wanted to
make sure of at least 100,000 acres of s;ood land
in the country to which they were invited to re-
move.
Honorable Senators have said, under this head,
that the Government of the United States had not
the power to carry into execution this part of the
treaty of 1831. What has been the fact in rela-
tion to it? The Indians agreed to remove under
the treaty of 1831. They did remove. They
settled with their brethren of Missouri within this
tract of fifty miles square. They have lived since
as one tribe—as one band of Indians—as a band
of brothers, claiming what? Claiming the whole
fifty miles square; and, as you have heard an-
nounced by honorable Senators who take the
other side of this question, they admit that they
have been receiving annuities in common, no dis-
tinction being made between the Ohio Shawnees
and the Missouri Shawnees—claiming no sepa-
rate rights or privileges—governed by one council
—uniting in the selection of the same delegates—
controlling their people as one people, without
regard to their former separation, which might
have been expected when you" refer to the fact
that they were originally the same tribe of Indians,
We hear of no separation among them—of no di-
vision—and they regard themselves as one band.
Honorable Senators say that these Indians have
not received the 100,000 acres of land stipulated in
the treaty of 1831. I should like to know how
that is made out. The 100,000 acres provided to
be granted to them under the treaty of 1831,
were not be held in fee-simple, technically. The
Shawnees were not at liberty to hold the land in
severalty," as individuals, and sell at their pleasure;
but an express provision was made, that they
should.hold—I may use words which are nearly
equivalent, and which mean the same thing—the
lands, as Indian lands are generally held under the
public law of this country, as long as they con-
tinue to occupy them as a nation, or until they
agree to sell them to the Government of the
United States. The patent proposed to be issued
was limited, and was not to extend beyond the
Indian tenure,—I mean the tenure by which In-
dians generally hold land before it is purchased
by the United States.
Then honorable Senators say, that the Gov-
ernment has not complied with this contract
Sir, I deny the assertion. The Government has
complied with the contract. It has given these In-
dians not only 100,000 acres of land, but about
900,000 acres, which are held by the same tenure
that they held their lands in Ohio, or would have
held them if there had been apatentissued to them
according to the strict letter of the treaty of 1831.
I very much question, after all that honorable
Senators have said in behalf of the Indians who
are making this application, that if we should
agree to lay off 100,000 acres for them, according
to the letter of the treaty of 1831, and explain to
their brethren the consequences, the conditions to
which they may be bound to comply if we make
this grant to them, whether they would not reject
it; and why? Because they would get merely
100,000acres of land, instead of 800,000 or900,000
acres, which they now hold, for if we are to issue
a patent under the terms of the treaty, they will
get but 100,000 acres. They will thus have to
relinquish about 800,000 or 900,000 acres, which
they now hold. Thus, if they separated them-
selves from the other members of the tribe, and
accepted the 100,000 acres, they would be less
wealthy than they now are; they would be eight
or ninefold less wealthy, when they came to be
restricted to a tenancy, by Indian tenure, to
100,000 acres; whereas, they now have at least
800,000 or 900,000 acres.
It will be remembered that a majority of those
Indians are composed of the Ohio band; that they
hold in common with the others; neither party
sets up a separate claim to the fifty miles square,
containing 1,600,000 acres; but they hold the land
in common. They hold the councils of their gov-
ernment as one band of Indians, without reference
to their former temporary separation, 'lhey man-
age their concerns as one government, just as
much as the Cherokees, the Creeks, the Chicka-
saws, or the Choctaws. Hence I say, that if this
provision were made, as I understand the grounds
on which it is proposed to be made, the Indians
belonging to the Ohio band ought to protest against
it; for they would' be reduced to comparative pov-
erty, relatively to the other portion of the tribe;
for I understand that the Missouri Shawnees are
only about three or four hundred souls; whereas,
the Ohio band has now increased to about five
hundred.
Honorable Senators may inquire why seventy
cents an acre were reserved in the treaty of 1831.
In fact, my honorable friend from Kentucky has
undertaken to state that we have never paid the
Indians a cent for the lands which they have ceded
in the State of Ohio. The honorable Senator can-
not have looked into the subject at all, or he would
not have made such a statement. Why, I under-
stand that the Government now has,'in stocks
for these Indians, the amount of $39,000, being
the remainder of the proceeds of the sales of their
lands in Ohio bythe Government,after deducting
the expenses of their removal west, and several
items provided for them in the treaty of 1831.
They have been regularly paid the interest upon
that amount; and it seems that the interest upon
these lands has been distributed among the whole
band; and they have been paid interest from the
time of the sale of their lajids under the treaty of
1831. That is certainly something.
