THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIYES.—TERMS $3 FOR THIS SESSION.
32d Congress, 1st Session.
FRIDAY, AUGUST 6, 1852.
New Series No. 131.
I wish here to make a remark to elucidate the
nature of this case, and the history of the claim
itself. For the purpose of having these stocks
converted and paid to the Shawnees, in solido,
according to one of the provisions of the treaty of
1831, this delegation has visited this city; and if
we are to judge from the letter of the agent, Mr.
Moseley, which has been read, to the Senate this
morning, they come upon no other mission but
this. Instead of having it held in stocks for then-
benefit, and interest paid to them, they wish u.s
to pay them the whole sum In solido, as it was
provided that Congress and the President should
have the discretion to do, by the terms of the
treaty of 1831.
The amount of seventy cents per acre oil the
sale of their lands in Ohio was reserved by the
treaty of 1831; and Senators may inquire why
did the Government of the United States reserve
this amount? I have heard gentlemen, conversing
upon this subject outside of the Senate Cham-
ber, call it a very hard and rigorous measure to
exact from the Shcuvnees of Ohio any part of the
proceeds of the sales of their lands; and they say
that we ought in generosity to them, in the exer-
cise of a liberal policy m regard to the Indian
tribes, give them the seventy cents an acre which
we have reserved. Why, we do not usually deal
with the Indian tribes in that way. We gener-
ally think it proper for tue maintenance of the
power of this Government that we should have
something remaining after we pay the Indians all
that we stipulated to pay them for the usufruct of
their lands. We may be presumed to have made
some reservation of the proceeds of the sales of
these lands in Ohio for the purpose of getting
money into the common Treasury for the common
purposes of Government, as we proposed to do,
and have done, under nine tenths of the treaties
we have heretofore made with the Indian tribes.
Those who made the treaty of 1831 may be
presumed to have intended to reserve severity
cents an acre in consideration—of what? In con-
sideration of the 100,000 acres we stipulated to
give the Shawnees, which they were to hold upon
the same tenure, upon the borders of the State of
Missouri, by which they held their land in Ohio.
We reserved seventy cents an acre out of the pro-
ceeds of the safes of their land, and gave them,
in fact, 800,000 acres—not of ordinary prairie
land, not land of the quality usually found upon
the great prairies west of the Mississippi and the
Missouri, but upon lands which, I am told by the
Senator from Missouri himself, are worth at this
day, upon an average, five dollars an acre, and
two thirds of them are worth ten dollars an acre.
I have not estimated their value, hut I presume
the lands which these Indians occupy west of
Missouri are worth $10,000,000, and that upon a
free and unrestricted sale at public auction, they
would bring that amount of money. I am told
that they comprise some of the richest lands to
be found on the continent, and they border imme-
diately upon white settlements. It was in con-
sideration of such a gift as that to these Shaw-
nees that the United States, without any illiberal*
ity, may be supposed to have retained seventy
cents an acre upon the sale of the Shawnee lands
in the State of Ohio. At all events, we see no
more reason for supposing that it was made for
any other purpose, or to say it was done with a ■
view to appropriate it at some future day to the
benefit of this tribe, than we have to take up any J
of the old treaties and say that we have no right !
to reserve any moneys ftom the sale of the lands J
except to pay the expenses of Indian removal,
survey, and bringing the lands into market.
It if) somewhat curious how so many gentlemen
have been led into what I consider a very great
error in relation to this question. It has been
stated, in the course of the discussion, that the
United States actually issued a patent to the Shaw-
nees of Missouri exclusively for the fifty miles
square; and therefore it is concluded by honorable
Senators that the Government cannot comply with
the treaty of 1831 with the Ohio Indians. Let us
see whether this is the fact; and if it were a fact,
131
no officer of this Government had, by law, any
authority to issue such a patent; because the treaty
of 1825 does not authorize it. Let me advert to
the patent which issued, in order to see whether
there is not some mistake as to the fact. The
patent contains this clause:
" Now, know ye that the United States of America, >n
consideration of tile premises, and in execution of the
agreement and stipulations in the aforesaid articles of con-
vention, have given, and by these presents do give, nnto
the said Phawnee tiibe ot" Indians, who were within the
State of Mi«soun, and who are designated in the aforesaid
second article of the convention, ' lor themselves, and foi
those of the same nation who were residing in Ohio, and
who are also referred to m said second article of the agree-
ment and convention made and concluded at Wapagh-Ka-
netta, in the county of Allen, and State of Ohio, on the 8th
day of August, in the year of our Lord, 1831."
This patent, on which some gentlemen rely to
show that we ought to pay this money on'tlie
ground that the land has been patented to the
Shawnees ef Missouri, shows 011 its very face that
there was a reservation made for the benefit of the
Ohio Shawnees. It is a most singular fact, that
no authority ever existed to issue such a patent.
I have read a portion of the patent for the pur-
pose of showing that it reserves the rights of the
Shawnees of Ohio, and for the purpose of showing
that this thing called a patent in the treaty of 1831,
and the like of which was issued in 1844 to the
Shawnees of Missouri, was only given to content
them. It was a sham; it was a pretext. They
thought they would be more secure under it than
they were under the stipulations of the treaty.
But it gave them 110 other rights and 110 other
privileges than those which they had under the
treaty. It was expressly reserved in the patent,
that they should only hold the land as long as
they continued to reside upon it as a nation, and
that they should sell only to the United States.
But the treaty of 1825, under which the patent
purports to have been issued, never had a stipu-
lation for the issuing of a patent in any form.
The patent stipulated in the heuty of 1831, gives
no other, or better, or higher title than the treaty
provided had no patent been stipulated.
It is a little singular that this claim comes sup-
ported by the decision of the Department of the
Interior, the head of which is a gentleman of dis-
tinguished talent, character, and standing in every
way. I attribute the errors into which he has
fallen, to the vast amount of business that he is
charged with, to which he has to give his attention
and examination, connected with the various
branches of business in his Department—Indian
affairs, public lands, &c. I think we shall find
out from this the ground upon which many gen-
tlemen have been misled. This is the opinion of
the Secretary of the Interior, transmitted to Con-
gress, with the recommendation that this claim
should be allowed. It is right that the claimants
should have the benefit of this recommendation;
but still it is proper to investigate a little the state-
ments which he makes in that opinion. He states:
" There is no evidence, historical or otherwise, going to j
show That thiis tube was, until tins time, associated in any !
manner with the 1 Shawnees of Ohio,' who, as a separate :
and distinct tribe, were dwelling upon lands of then own i
in a distant region." ;
I might as well allude here to what is said by .
Captain Parks, whom the Senator from Michigan
so well knows, and who seems to be a responsible 1
gentleman, one whom I respect. He is a gallant
and noble chief. With a portion of his warriors, he
was in a campaign in Florida, and acted most gal- j
lantly, and I would have no objection to do any-
thing that is proper for him. tie says that the j
Shawnees of Ohio did once form part of the !
Shawnees settled m Missouri, under a concession I
of the Spanish Government, but that they became
discontented, and separated and settled afterwards !
in Ohio.
This broad statement of the Secretary of the fn- :
terior goes back to the origin of the tribe. The \
honorable Senator from Michigan did not deny 1
that originally they all belonged to the same tribe, i
He supposes that the Shawnees of Missouri sep- I
arated from the body of the tribe in Ohio, whereas J
the fact appears to be that all went to the west of i
the Mississippi for a while, except some straggling
individuals. The Secretary continues:
" One of the stipulations of the treaty of 1825, was, that
the laud in question should be convoked by patent in fee-
simple, to the Missouri Shawnee?.*'
Sir, there is no such stipulation, and you can
easily see how the Secretary misled himself when
he assumed such premise, because it was impos-
sible for him, with such an assumption, not to
conic to an erroneous conclusion. He goes on:
"Tin*. prmiM'on \\a- «M>mphed with on the lllh May,
18-14, when :i patent was Nsu-d to them, f l!o\v n? the con-
dition?. of the tryatv. It conveyed the fifty mile* squme of
land on the Kansas, to ihe Shaonees of Missouri, for
themselves and v tiio^e of the same nation' who were re
siding in Ohio, subject to the right seemed to the Ohio
hand of Shawnees; which rtL'ht, as will appear hereafter, "
was only a light of occupancy, no consideration passing
from them. Thevweje at that time living in the State of
Ohio, on lands owned by them un their own exclusive
right.-"
What does he mean by that? He assumes that
it was only the right of occupancy that was given
to the Indians of Ohio. What other right was
given to the Shawnees of Missouri by the treaty
of 1825? Nothing more. They are to retain pos-
session as long as they reside as a nation, and
they can only sell to the United States. But there
is another misapprehension here. "They [mean-
ing the Shawm es of Ohio] were at that time living
in the State of Ohio on lands owned by them, in
their own exclusive light." What does the Sec-
retary mean r Does he mean that they held no
fee-simple according to the usual sense of the word ?
I presume he did not. The fact is, that this Ohio
band held their lands in Ohio as other Indians
hold their land. They were to occupy and enjoy
it until they sold to the United States. But the
Secretary continues:
" On the 8th August, lf31, the United States executed a
treaty with the - Sh't-nnea of Ohio,' by winch they agreed
to grant to thH tribe ' by patent, in lee--.unple, to them and
their heirs foievci, us long they shaM exi-^t as a nation
and remain upon the same, a iraet of land to contain
U)U,00<) aeics vuthin the naet of land, equal to fifty miles
square," which above-mentioned had been before granted
to the Shait'npcs of Missouri, for and in consideration of
the eession of 1 all the lands owned or claimed ' by them
in the State of Ohio."
I suppose the honorable Secretary must have sup-
posed that the patent in fee-simple issued in 1844
to the Shawnees of Missouri, was without limita-
tion, and that the grantees might hold in severalty
and sell to whom they please; but there ia no pre-
text for it, for he repeats the limitation himself:
" As long as they shnli exist as a nation and re-
main upon the same." And if he had looked at
the third article of the treaty he would have found
tha* they were prohibited from selling but to the
United States, and were to continue under their
protection as usual. There is not the slightest
difference between holding under such a patent as
this and holding under the common and general-
Indian tenure established by the policy of the
Government. Let us go a little further. I will
not read the whole of the argument of the Secre-
tary, but only those parts where he seems to have
misconceived the caseentirely:
"The Shawnee.- oi Ohio mm claim that tins- amount
should be u turned to them. or invented for then u«e, or
else that liv United Rt.iiii- should nihil! n*- «olmnn 'rtipula
tion to convey to them, m fee-simple, lOu,()00 acre" of land
withm the fittv injle-> Miuare :x!r* fuiy giantod to the Shavv-
nee^ of Misf-oiin The lattei, it is I-le-u, cannot he done
The United Ptate^ has aheadv i=!SU'3d a patent (or tint laud
and have thereby parted with their title."
It is singulnr that such premises could be as-
sumed by an examining officer of his distinction,
and talent, and responsibility. It can only be ac-
counted for, as I have stated before, on the ground
of the immense business to whHi his attention
must be called every day of his official existence.
Here he assumes that the whole fifty miles
square has been patented to the Slmvnees of Mis-
souri exclusively, leaving out. of view the express
provision for the Giro Shnwnees in the treaty of
18Q5; ppd therefore it follows th^t you cannot
make this grant to tV Shawnees of Ohio. But
wh6n you come to look into the patent to which
he refers, this very claim in favor of the Ohio
Shawnees is recited, and the patent was issued,
subject to the claim of the Shawnees of Ohio.
