2082
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 5,
Furthermore, the argument is made more absurd
•when you come to consider that the patent did not
give them any other or better title than that en-
joyed under the stipulation of the treaty itself,
•which was, that as long as they continued to exist
as a nation, they should be permitted to hold the
land, and no longer; and that they should sell to
none but to the Government of the United States;
not only the patent, but the stipulations of the
treaty of 1831, which provided for the patent, pro-
vides that it shall extend no further than that. That
was the delusion under which the Secretary
labored. Here I may notice the argument of the
Secretary of the I nterior, in which Tie states that
the patent cannot be granted to the Ohio Indians,
because the whole of the land was granted to the
Shawnees of Missouri. In that patent, as I said
before, the claim of the Shawnees of Ohio was
reserved, and the patent was granted to the Shaw-
nees of Missouri, subject to the claim of the
Shawnees of Ohio.
The Secretary proceeds:
" The United States have not fulfilled their part of the
contract."
I have already referred to this. They have not,
in terms; they have not granted them a title, by
patent, or otherwise, to a separate 100,000 acres
within the limits of the fifty miles square; but they
have granted to them 800,000 acres instead of
100,000, and by an equally valuable and valid
title; and where their brethren of Missouri have
received them as a portion of their own tribe, they
pretended to set up no exclusive claim to the fifty
miles square. I heard the argument urged by a
gentleman the other day, either in the Senate or
out of it, upon this subject, that the Shawnees of
Missouri could drive the Shawnees of Ohio from
this land; that the latter had no property—no
home there. Sir, the treaties of 1825 and 1831
give them a home. They have a home in pur-
suance of the provisions of those treaties. The
Shawnees of Missouri received the Ohio Indians
into their bosoms, and acknowledged them as
part of their own people, entitled to live upon the
same lands, and hold the same rights in them.
These Ohio Indians are a majority; and if major-
ities are to rule there, as with us, they govern the
country—they are the masters, if they choose to
act upon any idea of a separate existence as a na-
tion; and instead of being expelled themselves,
they have the physical power, as they are superior
in numbers, to expel the Shawnees of Missouri.
But in fact, the title to this fifty miles square be-
longs in common to the whole tribe—those who
lived in Ohio at the time of the treaty of 1831, and
those who lived in Missouri. That is the way 1
answer the Secretary's assertion that the United
States have not fulfilled their part of the compact.
They have given to the Ohio Shawnees 800,000
acres instead of 100,000, to hold by a title equally
as good as by a patent.
Let any gentleman, if he thinks proper, propose
that the Government shall give them a patent for
the 100,000 acres upon the relinquishment of their
interest in the fifty miles square. We would
make 700,000 acres by the exercise of this, liter-
ally, and they would lose it. I would not pro-
pose such a thing.
The Secretary proceeds:
" The were fact tlmt the Shawnee3 of Missouri permit
those of Ohio to occupy their lands, cannot, it seems tome,
release this Government."
" Permit them !" How does he feel authorized
to use such a wordThey had as much right as
the Shawnees of Missouri by the^very terms of
the treaty of 3825; and the country fifty miles
square was not given to the Shawnees of Missouri
alone; for, in the same sentence it is provided,
that when the Shawnees of Ohio think proper to
emigrate to their brethren in Missouri, the grant
shall be to them, as well as to the Missouri Shaw-
nees. Talk of permission ! They have as much
right under the treaty stipulation—they have as
much right in law, by the treaty and justice, to
the occupancy and to the enjoyment of the
1,600,000 acres, as the Shawnees of Missouri
have. They have just as high a title. It is to be
regarded so literally; for the grant was to both
branches of the tribe.
The Secretary proceeds:
" The Missouri Shawnees may at any time cede these
lands to the Government. To do this, the assent of the
Ohio Shawnees would not be asked, and is not required
and they are liable to he driven from their homes without
any legal mode of protecting themselves."
On what principle, or upon whatauthority, can
such an assertion be maintained ? We have made
the grant to the Ohio Shawnees, as well as to the
Missouri Shawnees; and now to maintain that
the latter hold the power of ceding the whole of
that territory, would be a direct violation of the
right of the Ohio Shawnees, secured not only
under the treaty of 1831, but under that of 1825
also. The Ohio Shawnees have no right to pro-
tect themselves! They have no rights there!
They can be driven off by the Missouri Shaw-
nees! Let me repeat again, under what title do
the Missouri Shawnees claim? Under the second
article of the treaty of 1825, which grants the
fifty miles square to them and to the Shawnees of
Ohio, when they shall settle among them—one
having equally as good a right to enjoy it as the
other. The Shawnees of Ohio were a part of the
original band. It is said they did not acceptthat.
But under the treaty of 1831 they have agreed to
accept it, and have acquiesced m it for twenty
years.
As far as I remember now, I do not think this
claim has ever been set up until this year—at all
events not until 1844. I am amazed that such mis-
takes as these were made by the examining offi-
cer; they, 1 presume, emanated from the Indian
office, but the Secretary of the Interior has given
the sanction of his name to them, and of his opin-
ion upon them; but as I have shown, I think upon
a totally mistaken view of the real facts in the
case. If 1 am right in the grounds I have taken,
there is not the shadow of a foundation of a claim
for this appropriation to the Shawnees of Ohio,
They have eight times the amount of land they
claim under the treaty of 1831. All that gentle-
men can hinge the propriety of this appropriation
upon, is, that they have a right to the separate en-
joyment of 100,000 acres. 1 am wilting to propose
H lothem. 1 am witling to negotiate with them,
and propose that the Shawnees of Ohio should
have the exclusive use of 100,000 acres, and their
brethren of Missouri the remainder. it is all a
good country—said to be the finest tract of its size
to be found west-of the Mississippi. Do you sup-
pose they would accept it? Not at all.
1 have thought it necessary to go into this ex-
amination of the subject, because other honorable
Senators have taken an entirely different view of
the question from that which I have, and, as I
think, some of them not understanding the true
state of the facts in the case.
Mr. ATCHISON. Mr. President, the Senator
from Michigan was entirely mistaken as to my
being reatless under his historical sketch, or what
he called vindicating the truth of history. Sir, 1
listened to him with more than ordinary interest;
but he made one remark to which 1 deem it my
duty especially to reply. My intercourse, whether
social or political, with the Indian tribes has been
very limited, although 1 have spent more than half
of my life in their immediate neighborhood. But,
sir, I will say that no squaw ever had occasion to
laugh at me. Now, can the honorable Senator
from Michigan say as much for himself? [Laugh-
ter.] There was a point referred to as relating to
the truth of history which i do not think touches
this case at all. 1 do not deem it material to in-
quire when the Shawnees settled in the State of
Missouri.
The original grant, as stated by the Senator
from Tennessee, from the Baron de Carondelet,
was dated in 1793. 1 have before me a petition
which 1 wish to read:
" To the President of the United Stales :
"The petition ol Louis Laramier, in the name and behalf
of the Shawnee and Delaware Indians, t-cUled within the
territory of Louisiana, respectfully showeth:
"That the said Indians, when they first repaired to t&W
side of the river Mississippi, had obtained from the Baron
de Carondelet, the Governor of Louisiana, the permission to
occupy any part of the vacantdomain between the Missouri
and the Arkansas rivers, lor them to hunt, plant, sow, raise
cattle, and make such improvements as might be necessary
or useful tor the subsistence of their actual op subsequent
population, with the assurance of being maintained and
protected in the peaceful and undisturbed possession of the
same; that, in consequence, and by virtue of that privilege,
they had made choice of that tract of country, then unin-
habited and unappropriated, which lay between the river
Cape St. Come and Cape Giratdeau, bounded on the east
by the Mississippi, and westward!}' by a small river called
White river."
The date of the grant was, I believe, January
4th, 1793. Then I have here a petition from the
Shawnee chiefs of the Missouri band signed by |
"The White Bird," " The Flute," " The Fire/'
and "The Speaker," in which they sayf
i( We, the undernamed chiefs and headmen of the Shaw-
nee and Deleware tribes of Indians, residing on the west
side of the Mississippi river, after having held consultation
in common council, determined to address you on the sub-
ject of our concern, and represent the facts on which the^
are predicated.
" About titer year 1788 the Shawnee and Delaware tribes,
whom we represent, were invited by the officers of the
Spanish Government in the upper part of their colony of
Louisiana, to remove and settle on the west side of the-
Mississippi. This measure was consented to,and we went
to reside at, fir^t, near to St. Louis. The protection wlifcB
we afforded to the Spanish settlements against the frequent
incursions of the Osage nation, Was, doubtless, the policy
of the Spanish Government m soliciting us to settle in their
country. We weie ottered by ihem a district of country on
the Mississippi, wherever we might think proper to select
it, between the mouth of the Mis-souri and Arkansas rivers.
No permanent settlements were, however, made by us until
rtboufc 1797, when two ot our principal men, having obtained
a recommendation from tin' Spanish officers in the upper
country, went with it to the Governor and Intendant at
New Orleans. In the spnng following, they returned with
a concession from the Spanish Government to the Shawneer
and Delaware Indians tor all the traci of country within the
following boundaries," &c.
This does not show the exact year this band of
the Shawnees settled in the State of Missouri, but
it shows us that they were invited to settle there
in 1788; that in 1793 they obtained the grant; and
that in 1797 they were actually upon the land. I
was told the other morning, m the presence of the.
Senator from Tennessee, by Captain Parks, one
of the chiefs of the Shawnees, who is now here,
that after General Wayne had defeated the Indians
in 1794, the great bulk of the Shawnee nation
started to leave their homes in the Northwest to
go beyond the Mississippi river, to take protection
under another Government; but that a portion of
the Shawnees—I suppose this Ohio band—re-
turned and settled upon the Auglaize. I do not
recollect whether he said what became of them>
but my understanding of the matter was, that after
the defeat of the Indians by Wayne  
Mr. BELL. The whole tribe went west.
Mr. ATCHISON. After Wayne defeated
the Indians, this portion of the Shawnee nation
went and settled west of the Mississippi, under
an invitation which they had received from the1
Spanish Government prior to that, in 1788; but I
do not see that this has any bearing upon the ques-
tion at all.
Mr. BELL. I would state to the Senator that
I made use of the argument as to the historical fact
for the purpose of answering the position that the
Ohio Shawnees had nothing to do with the treaty
of 1825, and could have no interest in it. My ob-
ject was to show that they were originally oneand
the same tribe.
Mr. ATCHISON. I was coming to that
point. The Senate will see from the able argu-
ment of the Senator from Tennessee, that there is
very great doubt and difficulty in thesettlement of
this question. But the close of his argument was,
1 think, decidedly against himself. He says that
by the terms of the treaty of 1825 with the Mis-
souri Shawnees, the United States stipulated that
the Ohio Shawnees should hold this fifty miles
square in common with the Missouri Shawnees.
Well, if that be the case, then one undivided
moiety of fifty miles square belonged to the Shaw-
nees of Ohio. I differ with him as to that con-
struction of the treaty. But admitting that to be
the construction, what consideration did the United
States give them for their lands ceded by the treaty
of 1831? Why, 100,000acres of their own land,
to he located within this fifty miles square, and in-
stead of giving them one undivided moiety, or an
equal interest in the fifty n>iles square, they are
cut down to the 10G>OO0- a?cres of their own lands,
according to the argument made by the honorable
Senator from Tennessee, if I understood him
aright, Thisbeing the case, the Ohio Shawnees
have never received any consideration, except the
five per cent, upon the $39,000 which they have
received up to this time.
Mr. BELL. Will the honorable Senator allow
me to say that I did not make such an argument
as that. I did not say that though it belonged to
the Ohio tribe of Indians, it was given for the
common benefit. The fifty miles square was laid
off under the treaty of 1825, by the Shawnees of
Missouri, with the stipulation that theShawnees of
Ohio might occupy the land in common withthem,
when they should think proper to emigrate. The
United States then entered into no stipulations
with the Ohio Indians to compel them either to
