1218
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 30,
was settled with, and that all that was due him
was paid. It appears that we have the record of
the Massachusetts troops in the Third Auditor's
office, and that the name of Bartlett Hinds is not
returned amongst those who are entitled to com-
mutation. It appears further from the report of
the committee in this case, that he was afterwards
placed upon the pension roll. He must have lived,
then, some forty years or more after he would
have been entitled to a commutation, if entitled at
all; and he certainly would have known his rights
better than any one else. I thought, when this
bill came up on the first Friday of this month,
that he could not be entitled to this commutation,
and the answer of the Third Auditor, which has
been read, confirms me in that belief.
Mr. FULLER, of Pennsylvania. Having re-
Forted that bill, with the indulgence of the House
will state the facts m relation to it, which were
before the committee, and which induced them to
make the'report which has just been read. The
evidence before the committee showed that Lieu-
tenant Bartlett Hinds enlisted as a private in the
year 1776, for the period of one year. After his
term of service had expired, he reenlisted,and for
his gallantry during the previous year, he was
promoted to a lieutenancy. He served up to the
year 1780, when he was placed upon the supei-
numerary list. About tlnee months afterwards
he was again called into active service and re-
mained in the army till the close of the war.
During his whole period of service he conducted
himself, according to the best record we have,
with gallantry. He was a brave and meritorious
officer. At the close of the war, lie became a
member of the Cincinnati society, in evidence of
which his diploma was before the committee.
During his service he was at the battle of Bemis's
Heights, where he was dangerously wounded. He
was also at the storming of Stony Point, wheie
he led adetachment at a forlorn hope. Indeed, lie
distinguished himself in every engagement in
which he took part.
By the resolution of the 21st of October, 1780,
it was provided that the officers who continued to
the end of the war, were to be entitled to half pay
during life. But another resolution of the same
date, gives them commutation pay. It is for this
commutation pay, which was pledged by this
Government to the officers of the Revolution,
which this bill provides. And the evidence which
was before the committee, proving that lie was in
the army during the whole period of the war, from
1776 to 178J, induced the committee to make the
report which accompanies the lull.
f know nothing further about, this case, and have
no interest in it, beyond the fact that it was before
the committee with the evidence, the substance of
which I have stated. I will, however, say further,
that the bill has Ijeen before the House at two or
three previous sessions, and two favorable reports
have been made upon it. It has once passed this
bodv, and I think wisely.
Mr. SACKETT. [ understand this bill pro-
vides for the payment of interest upon it, from
1780 down to the present time. I ask the gentle-
man who reported this bill, [Mr. Fuller,]'what
amount the bill entities the party to, as principal,
and for what period of time interest is allowed
upon it?
Mr. FULLER. I ask that the bill may be read
again.
The bill was again read through by the Clerk.
Mr. FULLER. In answer to the gentleman
from New York, I will stale that the amount
would be at the rate of 75 per month. As for
the commutation pay, I am not able to answer the
gentleman's questions in relation to it; though I
suppose it is computed in the usual manner—
that it is five years' full pay of a lieutenant.
A Voice. It issixper cent, upon the principal,
from 1789 down to the present time.
Mr. STROTHER. I will state for the inform-
ation of the committee, it" the amount to be paid
in this case is to be computed according to past
usage, that the action of Congress in relation to
these cases 1ms not been uniform. Out of eighteen
hundred cases that have been allowed by Con-
gress, in all, except some fifty odd, interest has
been allowed; so that almost the entire action of
Congress since 1832, has been in favor of the pay-
ment of interest upon those claims. I state that
fact for the information of gentlemen.
Mr. SACKETT. The gentleman says that in-
terest has been allowed on all, except some fifty
cases out of eighteen hundred which have been
allowed. Now, I do not know what cases the
gentleman alludes to. I ask the gentleman what
class of cases it is upon which he says interest
has been almost always allowed ?
Air. STROTHER. 1 referred to that class of
cases in which the party was entitled, at the end
of the war of the Revolution, to commutation of
five years5 full pay, in lieu of the half pay for life
which had been provided by Congress. Of all the
cases where the party was entitled by the law of
1790 to subscribe his scrip for commutation pay
to the national debt, Congress has acted upon
this presumption—and it was, in my opinion, a
just and fair presumption—that the party would
have received his interest if his scrip had been
funded stock. But the action of Congress in a
few years thereafter debarred the parties from
right to fund. Now, as that scrip, or the right to
it, was purchased by service, the results of which
we now enjoy, was it not wronsc that these men,
who had drawn and funded their commutation
scrip, should suffer the penalty of the action of
Congress ?
Mr. HALL. 1 wish to ask the gentleman from
Virginia one question. Was not the act of 1790
intended to be applied to those who were entitled
to scrip under that act* Did it contemplate the
allowance of interest to those to whom the money
had been paid in the place of itJ Is there any-
thing in that act which conveys the idea that where
the individual received money, he should also re-
ceive interest? As I understand it, it only pro-
vided or intended to provide that where the indi-
vidual did not receive money, but scrip, that the
scrip should bear interest.
Mr. STROTHER. Undoubtedly. The pur-
pose of Congress was, that those debts should be
funded, because the Government was not prepared
to pay them at that time. I will answer the gen-
tleman's question. The bonds of the Government,
the scrip issued, were to bear interest tiil they were
paid. Now, if the class of debts like the one un-
der consideration had been funded, that scrip
would have borne interest until these debts had
been paid. But they were not presented for pay-
ment, because they could not be funded. And
why were they not funded? It was because the
action of Congress, not long after 1790, debarred
the party from the right to fund these debts. And
this statute of limitation continued until 1832, when
a senseof justice came upon Congress,and thislim-
itation was removed. Since then, these claimants
have been here from year to year, seeking the op-
portunity between the intervals m the debates upon
presidential elections for the rendition of justice.
Now, I submit that this class of cases upon prin-
ciples of justice, are clearly entitled to the interest
they would have got if their debts had been funded.
Now, as to the question of money, if themoney
had been paid these men in the first place, they
would have received interest or its equivalent, in
the ordinary pursuits of business. But the money
was not paid, and is still due, and the right to in-
terest is incident to the right to the principal.
Mr. HALL. I have this to say. I understand
the law of 1790 never contemplated the payment
of interest. Where the debt was paid m scrip,
it should bear inteiest, but where it was paid in
money, the law never contemplated the payment
of interest, and I do not think it ought to.
Mr. STROTHER. You will remember that as
Congress was not prepared to pay money, it gave
its bonds, and as the subsequent non-payment of
money was an act of Government, Government
ought to bear the consequence, and not the indi-
vidual.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I wish to reply
to the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Hall] upon
this general question. The act of 1730 never con-
templated the payment of money at all, because
they had no money. It was all a'fundmg act, and
the act of 1791 recognized that wherever the debt
was established it was to be funded, and interest
went with the scrip until it was paid. It did recog-
nize the great principle that interest went with the
debt.
Mr. GROW. In answer to the objection made
by the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,]
that the claimant having made application to Gov-
ernment for balances due to him, thirty or forty
years after the Revolution, when, of course, he
knew his rights, it was evident that he had no
claim, because he did riot call for it. If we act
upon such presumptions, there are few claims that
come before this House, for revolutionary services,
but what would be thrown out. It is no evidence
that a man is not entitled to a claim against the
Government, because he did not call for it within
a few years of the time when he might first have
done so. The evidence is clear that he was an
officer in the American Revolution, and the com-
mutation act gives such men half pay. Because
he did not call for it is no evidence that he is not
entitled to it. It is no objection to any claim that
a man chooses to delay the enforcement of his
rights, and fails to call for a claim which the Gov-
ernment owes him.
Mr. SACKETT. I apprehend that the class
of cases referred to by the gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Strother} are those cases where the
Department has given a construction to a general
law allowing interest. He does not intend to say
that Congress, in separate individual cases, has
passed eighteen hundred acts, and allowed interest
from the time they would have been entitled, if
they had taken under the original law. I appre-
hend that is intended by the general character of
the remarks of the gentleman from Virginia,. [Mr.
Strother.] Now, I wish to state a rule which
I apprehend this Government has ever adopted,
and I think it is the only safe rule which they can
adopt in cases of this k*nd. If a party intends to
apply for, or supposes himself entitled under the
resolution adopted in the year 1790, he is to make
an application for it; ana unless he does make the
application, the Government is in no way in de-
fault until that application is made. Clearly, then,
if this man has slept upon his oars, ana never
made an application, there is not a shadow of
equity in the Government being called upon to pay
interest, in consequence simply of his neglect.
That is all there is m it touching the question of
interest. It would violate the well-established rule
in regard to cases of invalid pensions, where sol-
diers and officers have been wounded, and special
provision made for them in various acts. If such
a principle is to be adopted, there is no reason in
the world why, if a man is entitled to a pension
under the act of 1832, and does not get it at the
time, he should not be allowed interest back to
1832, for he was clearly entitled to his pension
then, if at all. If the one ought to bear interest,
the other ought to. I think the question of inter-
est is one which cannot be maintained at all.
But we come back to the question of principal.
What is the evidence that this party is entitled to
the principal ? I wish to see that. Thegentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] has furnished direct
evidence from the Department, so far as the rec-
ords of the Government show, that he is not en-
tilled to a pension.
In addition to that, it is shown that at an early
day, upon two distinct occasions, he applied to
the Government for certain balances which he
claimed to be due him, and the balances were
struck, and he received the money. Now, it is
passing strange—and I think it calls upon the
committee for some explanation here—it is pass-
ing strange, if long after the conclusion of the war
—the last demand being made in 3790—he had
applied to the Department for the balances which
were his due, and received them, that he should
never have made any application under the law for
commutation, if he was entitled to it.
There is another question I desire to put to the
committee, as a question of law. Itappearsthatat
a later period, some forty years after the war, he
applied to the Government for a pension, and then
he made no application for his commutation of
five years' pay. He received that pension as a
captain. Now, I ask how is it that he applied
here to receive a pension—and must have made
out his papers as a captain—and made no appli-
cation for this commutation pay? Unless there
is some explanation of it, I think I can see a reason
for it. He may well have been entitled to a pen-
sion if he had served six months, but he would
not have been entitled to commutation pay, unless
he served to the close of the war. It seems to me
this requires some explanation at the hands of the
committee.
Mr. FULLER, of Pennsylvania. For a period
of three years' service, the officers of the revolu-
tionary war received a diploma from the Cincin-
nati Society; and I find, in looking over a number
of cases reported by the Committee on Revolu-
