1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2083
remove or accept or not accept. But the stipu- i
lation of the treaty of 1825 was in furtherance of !
the policy of the Government, that when it did
treat with the Ohio Indians for their removal to
the western frontier, they might have a home pro-
vided for them by the treaty of 1825, to which
they might remove.
Mr. ATCHISON. The treaty of 1831 in-
volves this question in further difficulty. The
treaty of 1825 is recited in the Utter treaty; and
the Shawnees then—admitting that they had com-
mon sense, and knew what they were about—
knew that they were taking their own lands if that
was the case. It is not a fair presumption to sup-
pose that they did not understand what they were
about. As I stated to the Senate on a former oc-
casion, if this were a transaction between white
man and white man I would, without hesitation,
say that I should not give them the consideration
which they ask. But it was a treaty enteied into
on behalf of the Government of the United States
'oy men of talent and ability, with a parcel of ig-
norant Shawnee Indians, for they were so at that
time.
Now, a further difficulty presents itself as to
who shall have this money; and that is the true
difficulty, if we agree to give it. But I think that
difficulty is obviated by the amendment proposed
by the honorable Senater from Arkansas. He
proposes, that if the Senate should agree with the
House of Representatives in retaining- this appro-
priation, it shall be qualified; and that this money
shall be paid to the Shawnee nation, now residing
on the tract of fifty miles square—the Missouri
Shawnees and Ohio Shawnees in common; that
the Missouri Shawnees shall agree, together with
the Ohio Shawnees, that they will accept this in
common; and that the Ohio Shawnees shall re-
lease all claim against the Government, under the
treaty of , for the 100,000 acres. That is fair,
and I presume they would accede to it. If you
make this appropriation, as it stands at present in
the biH, it would be so much money thrown away;
and both these bands of Indians would have a
right to come upon the Government and claim ad-
ditional appropriations—the Missouri Shawnees
claiming $33,000, and the Ohio Shawnees claiming
$33,000. Suppose you should now give all this
money to the Ohio Shawnees, the Missouri Shaw-
nees would turn round and soy to them, "You
have no right to settle on this land; you have not
paid us a cent for our land; it is our land under
the treaty of 1825." They would give it that
construction beyond all question; and thus a diffi-
culty would arise between these two bands of
Shawnees, and this Government would have to
settle that difficulty out of the Treasury of the
United States. I am for settling it now, once for
all-. The amendment proposed by the Senator
from Arkansas will do this.
I am perfectly willing to strike out of the amend-
ment of the Senator from Arkansas, the clause
proposing the reference to the Attorney General.
1 am willing to close the business now, upon the
terms and conditions proposed in that amend-
ment; or I am willing to refer the matter to the
opinion of the Attorney General, as to the right
against this Government. I am willing to accept
the amendment of the Senator from Arkansas, as
a substitute for the section which the Committee
on Finance proposed to strike out. J would ac-
cept it, provided the Senate would strike out the
reference to the Attorney General, and leave the
appropriation to be made at once, and absolutely ;
to be disposed of, as provided by his amendment. !
Mr. WALKER. Mr. President, as I view this !
question, it is a very plain one. I concur fully I
•with the honoiable Senator from Tennessee, that
if this is put upon the score of right, these Indians j
have no claim whatever. In ltf31, the Shawnees j
of Ohio sold their lands in Ohio. What were they I
to receive for those lands? I will read from that
treaty, and draw some deductions from it. The
treaty provides:
" The United States will expose to public palp, to the
highest bidder, in tbc maimer of soiling the public lands,
the tracts of land herein ceded bv the said Shawnees. And
after deducting from the proceeds of such sales tli-e sum of
seventy cents per acre, exclusive of the oos-t of mrvcxinjr,
the co«t of the grist-mill, s-aw-mijl, and blacksmith's shop,
and the aforesaid  um of $13,000, to be advanced in lieu ot
improvements; and it is agreed that any balance which
may remain of the avaiU of the Wind*, aftei -*ale as afore-
said, shall constitute a fund for the future necessities of
said tribe, patties to tlii* compact, on which the United
States agree to pay to the chiefs, for the use and general
benefit of their people, annually, five per centum on the
amount of s;ud balances as an annuity. ?aid fund to be
eon turned during the pleasure «f Ch meres*, unless the chiefs
of said tribe or band, by and with the consent of then peo-
ple m general council assembled, should desire that the
fund thus to h« created ->houUI be dissolved and paid ovw
to them; in which case, the President shall cau<e the cime
to be so paid, if* m his di>cretto , he khall heheve the hap-
piness and prosperity of s-aid tribe would bu pioruoted
thereby. ^
The Government has kept to itself seventy
cents per acre from the sale of these lands, and it
is out of the balance remaining: that the fund here
spoken of is to he held by the United States, and
paid over to the Indians whenever they lequireit;
and it is that very fund, accoidmg to the papers
which have been read, that the chiefs have come
on hete to settle. The claim for which theappro-
prtation is proposed in the bill as it came fiomthe
House, is of an entirely different character. The
chiefs came here asking the Government to pay
them m gross the fund reserved by the article of
the treaty which I iiave read. This proposition
is to appropriate to them the seventy cents an
acre which the Government reserved from the sales
of their lands.
What was the Government to pay these In-
dians? It will be perceived that the Government
was to expose the lands lor sale as other public
lands, and therefore they were not to be sold for
less than $1 25 an acre. Out of the pioceeds of
the sales, the Government reserved seventy cents.
The balance, fifty-five cems an acre, was to he
paid to the Indians in annuities and ceitain other
ways. Now, do they claim that there is one far-
thing; of the fifty-five cents an acre which is un-
paid ? Not at all. That has all been disposed of.
They do not pretend that one farthing of the fifty-
five cents has not been paid. What else do they
complain of? They were to have 100,001) acres
of/and in the Suite of Missouri, which ianj was
to be embraced within the fifty miles square which
was conveyed by the Government und er the treaty
of 181>5 to the Shawnees of Missouri. Do they
complain that they have not received those 100,000
acres? The chiefs who are here have not come
for any such purpose. They do not make any
such complaint. The subject o  which they come
is of altogether a different character.
What does the tract of fifty miles square granted
to the Shawnees amount to? it amounts to
1,600,000 acres. These Ohio Shawnees constitute
the majority of the whole tribe of Shawnees, and
therefore they get more than half of the 1,600,000
acres of land. They get at least 800,000 acres, if
not more, instead of the 100,000 which we agreed
to grant them. Now, is it not perfectly clear that
they have received the fifty-five cents an acre?
They have received not only 100,000 acres west
of the Missouri, but 800,000 acres of land.
On what ground, then, is this claim based9
Why, sir, it must be upon the score of benevo-
lence and generosity. The fifty-five cents an acre
has been paid. There is no complaint on that
head. We have given them not only 100,000
'acres, but 800,000 acres, and they are in the en-
joyment of it. There is nothing left, therefore,
Awhich can possibly be complained of, butthisone
jjthing: that the fifty-five cents an acre which was
reserved in the hands of the Government, is not
yet finally settled, for the chiefs have come on to
obtain a settlement of that amount. Theydonot
desire that it shall remain a fund in the hands of
the Government, for the use of the Indians, but
they desire that the fund be paid over to them now
in gross, Tnat is the object for which they ha\e
come here. But this claim is of an entirely differ-
ent character.
This claim, if I understand it, is for the amount
received from the sale of their lands m Ohio. In
other words, it is a proposition to appropriate to
these Indians the aggregate of severity cents an
acre, which was reserved by the Government, in
lieu of—what? Jn lieu of the 100,000 acres in
Missouri, which, it is said, they never got. Why,
this is a most astonishing case ! They never got
the 100,000 acres! Why, sir, where ore they
living? They are living on the 1,600,000 acres
set apart for the whole tribe, and they, being a
majority of the whole tribe, enjoy their full share;
and yet complaint is made that we have not given
them 100,000 acres! It is said they must have
the seventy cents per acre which was reserved by
the Government in the treaty. Why* we have
paid under this treaty fifty-five cents an acre to the
Indians. Have we ever paid so much before?
Why, less than eleven and a half cents an acre
was paid for the gieat Menomonee cession, and
about the same amount for the Sioux cession,
which was not long since ratified; and that was
clamored against as being too high.
1 can see no foundation whatever for this claim.
If it is for the seventy cents an acre in lieu of the
100,000 acres which they were to hav-e west of
! the .Missouri, why do they not ask us to comply
with the treaty, and give them 100,000 acres ? Ah,
sir, they are not such fools as to do that. They
know if they cut off 100,000 acres for themselves
what will be the result. Jt will be that the Mis-
souri Shawnees will have 1,500,000 acres to their
100,000. They are not so n-sensible to their own
interests as to give up the half of I,GOO,000 acres,
and receive instead of it 100,000 acres, leawng to
the Missouri Shawnees 1,500,000. I can see no
foundation for the claim whatever on any princi-
ple of construction which can be applied to the
treaty.
The amendment of the Senator from Arkansas
proposes that the appiopriation shall be made on
condition that the Attorney General,'on investi-
gation, shall be satisfied that the claim is just. I
have a very high regaid for the opinion of the
Attorney General when I know that he investi-
gates a subject, and I prenimethaf when a subject
was referred to hisopinion by Congress, he would
investigate it. But i do not see any necessity for
any refeience. Besides, I am opposed to the
policy of making: appiopriations to depend on the
opinion of the Attorney General. Ii his opinion
is necessary, let us have it to guide us before we
legislate, and not afterwaids.
The recommendation of the Secretary of the
Intenor in favor of this claim carries to me no
weight. He really seems never to investigate a
subject. lie goes at random; and very frequent-
ly, when his recommendations me heie, the most
superficial examination discloses that they are
utterly erroneous. It ser-me that no dependence
whatever can be placed on his recommendation.
Then, if these Indians have got, their fifty-five
cents an acre, as the treaty provided they should
have, if they have got not only 100,000 acres, but
800,000, \ cannot see for my life what further
claim they can have.
Mr. CASS. iMr. President, the honorable Sen-
ator from Wisconsin i3 entirely wrong on this
subject. The matter is exceedingly plain, and
lies in a nut-shell. The Cape Girardeau Indians
owned a trirt of land, nnd sold it to the United
States in 1825. In consideration of it, the United
Statesgave them a tract of fifty miles square, west
of the Arkansas. In the treaty of 1825, at the
request of the Indians, there was this provision
made, that the Ohio Indians from time to time,
when they chose to emigrate, might go there.
Some years afterwards the United States go into
Ohio, where there were small tracts reserved and
occupied by the Shawnees, the Delaware?, and
the WyandoU. In process of time these reserva-
tions became valuable. In 1H31 the United States
wanted the Indians to go west. We made ar-
rangements with these Indians in Ohio to go west,
and we provided to give them J00,000 acres out
of the tract which had been before granted to their
brethren in that country. Out of that tract of fifty
nules sq -are they were to receive a patent for
100,000 acres of land. Now, 1 want to know
what right had we to change the terms of the
original treaty ? if they were to go there at all in
a body, (which the treaty never contemplated,)
they had an equal right to the whole; whereas we
say in the treaty that we will give them 100,000
acres. As I said before, they were entitled to the
land without our patent; and yet gentlemen talk
about their having a part of these fifty miles square.
Gentlemen talk about the value of the land on
which the Indians have settled. What good is that
value to them ? They cannot sell it except to the
United States, so that it does not make any differ-
ence to ihem whether the land be worth one dol-
lar or a million of dollars. Whatever may be the
price, it makes no difference to them, for they
hold it just as other Indians hold land, with the
right to occupy and not to sell to any one but to
the Government of the United States. As I said
before, the United States have furnished one tract
of land, and they got a consideration for two.
That is just the whole point of the case, and that
is all there is about it.
