1220
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 30,
.Mr. JOHNSON. I move, then, that the bill
be reported to the House, with a recommendation
that it do pass.
The question was then put, and agreed to.
So tne bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House with a recommendation that it pass.
On motion by Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee, the
committee rose, and the Speaker having resumed
the chair, the chairman of the committee [Mr.
Stuart] reported that the Committee of the "Whole
House had had under consideration sundry pri-
vate bills which they had directed him to report
back, some with amendment and a recommend-
ation that tbey do pass, and some without amend-
ment.
The SPEAKER. The following bill is reported
from the Committee of the Whole House, with a
recommendation that it do pass:
A bill for the relief of Osborn Cross.
The question being upon ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time—
Mr. FICKLIN demanded the yeas and nays;
upon which motion the House was divided, and
there were—ayes 22, noes 58; no quorum voting.
Mr. HART. Is it in order to move that when
this House adjourns, it odjourn to meet on Mon-
day next ? ,
Mr. JONliS, of Tennessee. I would submit a
question to the Chair, that it does, not require that
there shall be a quorum present to call the yeas
and nays. *
The SPEAKER. It requires a quorum to do
business.
Mr. JONES. It is a constitutional right of one
fifth to have the yeas and nays. When you get
through with the roll, and there is not a quorum
voting, it is a lost vote. That is all.
The SPEAKER. That is a mere experiment.
The Chair is of the opinion that the House can-
not do business without a quorum.
Mr. JONES. Have we not a ri^hf to order the
yeas and nays without a quorum? The Consti-
tution says that one fifth may order the yeas and
nays.
The SPEAKER. Upon such a question as that
taken awhile ago, the Chair thinks not.
Mr. JONES. The Constitution says that one
fifth of those present shall order the yeas and
nays.
The SPEAKER. The Constitution provides
also that it shall require a majority to do business.
If brought upon the question of adjournment, the
gentleman would be correct, in the opinion of the
Chair, and one fifth might order the yeas and
nays.
Mr. JONES. It isnconstitutional question,and
I will make n point of order upon it.
Mr. HART. I move that the House adjourn.
The question was then taken, and there were—
ayes 47, noes G2.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. HART. I move that when the House ad-
journs, it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
Mr.*VlCKLIN. I demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is there a quorum
present ?
The SPEAKER. There was not according to
the last division.
Mr. JONES. Then we cannot adjourn over.
The House have ordered the yeas and nays on
the passage of that bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decided that the
yeas and nays were not ordered, only twenty-three
sustaining the call for fheai.
Mr. JON ES. Will the Chair have that provis-
ion of the Constitution read which relates to the
yeas and nays?
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman takes an
appeal from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. JONES. I cannot appeal on a constitu-
tional question. It is not a question of order.
Mr. STUART. Is it not in order now to ask
for tellers on the motion of the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Hart,] that we may determine
whether there is a quorum present?
The SPEAKER. It is in order.
Mr. STUART. Then'I ask for tellers, with
that view.
Tellers were ordered.
Mr. FICKLIN. 1 ask for the yeas and nays
on the motion to adjourn over.
[Loud cries of 14 Oh, no;!' and great disorder
prevailed in the Hall.]
! The SPEAKER proceeded to put the question
! on ordering the yeas and nays.
- Mr. HOUSTON (interrupting.) I do not un-
! derstand what question the Chair is now putting.
: The SPEAKER. The Chair is dividing the
| House on the demand for the yeas and nays on
1 the motion to adjourn over till Monday,
j Mr. HOUSTON. Did I not understand the
; Chair as deciding 
' [Loud cries of " Order !"]
j The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ala-
; bama is out of order.
Mr. HOUSTON. I suppose I have a right to
! ask a question of the Chair.
i The SPEAKER. The gentleman may ask a
question of the Chair. The right, however, is not
| a very clear one. But the Chair is disposed to be
, very courteous to the gentleman. [Laughter.]
: Mr. HOUSTON, i understood the Chair to
; decide that there was no quorum upon the propo-
! sition submitted before, and to refuse to entertain
; this motion to adjourn over, made in the face of
the fact that there was no quorum present.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
, Alabama appeal from any decision which the
; Chair has made?
1 Mr. HOUSTON. No, sir; I do not know what
| the Chair has decided.
I The SPEAKER. Then, debate is not in or-
: der.
, Mr. HOUSTON. I am aware of that, but I
want to know what decision the Chair has made.
The SPEAKER.. Upon the engrossmentof the
. bill, the yeas and nays were demanded. Twenty-
three only rising in favor of the yeas and nays,
j and a number which the Chair does rsofc recollect,
j but insufficient to make a quorum, rising on the
!, other side, the Chair stated that there was noquo-
I' rum voting, and that the yeas and nays, therefore,
i, were not ordered, notwithstanding that one fifth
of those present had risen for them.
'! Now a motion is made which is perfectl}7" in or-
1 der, that when the E-Iou.-e adjourns it adfourn to
!| meet on Monday, and upon that motion the yeas
ji and lid} s are demanded. The Chair, when inter-
im rupted by the ^enileman from Alabama, was in
<- the act of dividing the House upon that demand
j1 for the yeas and nays. There may be a quorum
t, voting upon this proposition, and it is in order,
j, Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I rise to a ques-
!. tion of order. When the yeas and nays were
j demanded upon the engrossment of the bill, there
I was a division of the House called for. Twenty-
! three voted for the yeas and nays, and fifty odd
, against it. Then, is not the House in a dividing
1 state, under the decision of the Chair, until there
!' is a quorum here? And can any other motion be
| made when the House is dividing5 But I would
i1 ask the Chair to permit the third paragraph, of
| the fifth section, of (lie first article of the Consti-
j tution of the United States to be read.
I The Clerk read the paragraph, as follows:
' " Each House frhnl! a journal of its proceedings, am]
| from tune ro time pnbli.-h the cam*', excepting such parts as
i' mav m thou judgment rcquue wiecy; ami the •*, eas ami
j na\ s of I he member* of cithoi Houso* or. any question sliail,
I at the desire of one filth of those present, lie entered on
;; the Journal."
j| The SPEAKER. That is the constitutional
j provision, but the construeton which the Chair
' puts upon the provision in reference to this subject
! is this: that it is competent for the House to ad-
i jouru with less than a quorum from day to day,
, but it is not competent for less than a quorum to
, pass a bill. Theie is another provision of the
Constitution, thegentleman will remember, which
requires a quorum to be present to do business,
ami, therefore, for the purpose of doing business,
■ less than one fifth of a quorum, in the judgment
; of the Chair, cannot call the yeas and nays.
; Does the gentleman appeal from the decision of
the Chair?
| Mr. JONES. I do; and let the House decide
i whether one fifth of those present have not a right,
■ under the Constitution, to order the yeas and
nays.
! Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Do I under-
: stand the Chair to decide, that less than a quorum
| cannot have the yeas and nays recorded upon any
; question ?
; The SPEAKER. The Chair does so decide,
j Mr. STEPHENS. But the Constitution says,
] that one filth of those prpsent may order the yeas
! and nays upon any question.
The SPEAKER. That is the language of the
Constitution. But there is an another provision
of the Constitution, the gentleman will remember,
which requires that there shall be a quorum presen I
to do business.
Mr. STEPHENS. That is very true.
The SPEAKER. We «annot pass a bill with
less than a quorum, and the yeas and nays would
be idle, therefore, less than a quorum being pres-
ent. That is the decision of the Chair.
■ Mr. STEPHENS. Then I understand the
Chair to decide 
The SPEAKER. The Chair siraply decides
that in this case the yeas and nays were not or-
dered on the passage of the bill.
Mr. HOUSTON. Although more than one
fifth of those present voted for the yeas and nays.
Mr. STEPHENS. Ah ! that is another ques-
tion.
The SPEAKER. That is the question on
which the Chair had decided. Thedecison of the
Chair would have been very different on a motion
to adjourn.
Mr. STlJART. I ask for tellers on the appeal.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will further state.,
in explanation, that it was competent for the
Chair, in his opinion, to ascertain, at any time?
whether there was a quorum present. It was
competent, and perfectly in order, for tellers to
have been called upon the division of the House
on the demand for the yeas and nays. But as it
is impossible that the House can, under the Con-
stitution,do business with less than a quorum, thd
Chair decides that the yeas and nays cannot be
ordered by less than one fifth of a quorum.
Mr. STEPHENS. And that in this case they
were not ordered ?
The SPEAKER. Yes; and that in this case
they were not ordered.
Mr. STEPHENS. Well, I think the decision
of the Chair is right.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Joxes] insists that the yeas andnavs
were ordered, and appeals from the decision of the
Chair; and the question is, li Shall the-decision of
the Chair stand as the judgment of the House ?'y
On this question tellers are demanded.
Mr. HART moved to ]ay the appeal upon the
table.
Mr. STUART demanded tellers on that mo-
tion.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, called for the yeas
and nays.
The question was put on ordering the yeas and
nays, and on a count, there were, ayes 20, noes
101.
So (one fifth not voting in the affirmative) the
yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. HART withdrew the call for tellers.
The question was then taken upon the motion
to lay the appeal upon the table, and it was carried
in the affirmative.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained as
the judgment of the House.
Mr. GOODENOW. I move that when this
House adjourns to-day, it adjourn to meet on
Monday next.
The SPEAKER. That motion is already pend-
ing; and the question is upon ordering the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HART then withdrew the motion.
Mr. EVANS moved that the House adjourn.
Mr. NABERS. I appeal to the courtesy of the
gentleman from Maryland and the House to in-
dulge me for a moment. From intelligence I ha,ve
recently received, it is likely that I shall be obliged
to leave the city in a day or two. 1 have a bill,
the notice of which I gave months ago, which 1
ask leave to introduce merely for the purpose of
having it referred. It will take but a single mo-
ment. It is a bill to regulate the compensation of
certain postmasters.
[Cries of" Leave!" "Leave!"]
There was no objection, and the bill was ac-
cordingly read a first time by its title.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object to the
reading of any bill, unless there is a quorum.
The'SPEAKER. The Chair has stated that
there is a quorum present.
Mr. JONES. Then I call for the vote upon the
other bill, which was pending.
The SPEAKER. The Chair must remind the
gentleman from Tennessee that this bill was in-
