2084
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August d,
Mr. WALKER. I will take it upon the ground
of the Senator from Michigan. Hesays thetreaty
was made with the Shawnees of Missouri in 1825;
and that, in lieu of the twenty-five miles square
near Cape Girardeau, they were given fifty miles
square in another place. Does not the Senator
bear in mind that that was not given to them ab-
solutely, as Missouri Shawnees ? Does he not
bear in mind that there was an express reserva-
tion made in that treaty that the Ohio Shawnees
might settle on that fifty miles square ?
The next point of the Senator is, that a patent
has been issued to the Shawnees of Missouri.
Does he lose sight of the fact that the patent re-
serves the portion of the Ohio Shawnees in pur-
suance of the stipulations of the treaty ? He can-
not forget that. But put it upon his own ground;
suppose that the treaty %vith the Shawnees of Mis-
souri had not been observed, and we had treated
with each band separately, the Government, hav-
ing in view the Ohio Indians, would have deducted
what was intended for the Ohio Indians, and
would have given to the Missouri Indians so much
less of course. The Government saw proper to
appropriate a gross aggregate amount for the Mis-
souri Indians, including the Ohio Indians; and I
cannot see the difference between giving it jointly
to them, or giving it to them separately, if they
should demandit. But they uid not demand it; and
all that they ask is what was reserved in the treaty,
that the fund which the Government holds for
their benefit should be paid over to them in gross.
Again, sir, what would a separate treaty with
these two tribes give them upon the principles de-
duced from this treaty? It is just what I have
before stated. It would leave the Shawnee In-
dians of Missouri with 1,500,000 acres, and there
would be 100,000 acres left for the Shawnees of
Ohio. In place of doing that, we have given them
1,600,000 acres jointly, the 100,000 acres being
included in the 1,600,000 acres ceded by the treaty
of 1825.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Mr. President, the man-
ner in which my friend from Tennessee [Mr.
Bell] has supposed that I misunderstand this
whole matter, has induced me to rise for the pur-
pose of trespassing on the patience of the Senate
a very short time. My attention was directed to
the subject by the remarks made the other day by
the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr.,Atchison.]
I subsequently had a conversation with him and
became enlisted in the subject, and therefore I ven*
tured to make a few remarks; for doing which I
have received the castigation of my friend from
Tennessee, who supposes that I have totally mis-
understood the whole subject. X know, sir, that
it is sometimes dangerous to enter into a matter
which one has not studied thoroughly, and if I had
thought that the conversation which I had with
my friend from Missouri would have led me into
the collision which has taken place between my-
self and the gentleman from Tennessee, perhaps I
should have used the "better part" Qf "discre-
tion15 and not entered at all into this controversy.
But bein<* in it, I wish to maintain the position
which I have assumed, and I think correctly as-
sumed, and to show that my friend from Tennessee
has brought into this discussion a number of mat-
ters which I humbly conceive have nothing in the
world to do with it.
He says, for example, that this Ohio band was
originally a part of the same tribe that settled
upon the Missouri, and that, they returned back
to Ohio. What of that? Suppose they were ori-
finally the same tribe, has not the Government
y these treaties made contracts with them, and
made bargains with them as a separate tribe and
band of Indians? Surely it has.
Here is the treaty with the Missouri band; here
is the treaty with the Ohio band. Does it become
my friend from Tennessee to say, that because
these Indians were once united, the Government
could npt make these separate treaties with the i
different bands? That is nothing to the purpose. I
They must receive the construction which all
other treaties and contracts receive, and must have
the same force as though they were made entirely
with different nations. Surely that cannot be de-
nied. Therefore, granting the position which he
assumes, that they originally belonged to the same
tribe, I conceive that their separation and their
having been treated with by the Government as
separate tribes, presents them precisely as though
they had never been united.
Again, he says that this land upon the Kansas
which they have got is the most valuable land per-
haps which any tribe owns—that it is worth $5
or $10 per acre. What has the value of the land
which they have received to do with the question?
How does the value operate upon the contract?
Mr. BELL. I was speaking on the principle
of gratuity, upon which ground some who favor
the appropriation place it.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. If the gentleman says
: we ought not to make a donation, I agree with
S him; but we are treating with contracts now, for
| a treaty is nothing but a contract between nations,
| or between quasi nations such as we regard the
| Indian tribes, and is like a contract between two
I individuals; and the same principles apply to the
one as to the other. The value of the country,
! therefore, has nothing to do with the ease except
1 in this point of view. If the country is worth $5
1 or $ 10 an acre, and we, by treaty stipulation with
I these Indians, have promised to give them in fee-
j simple, as I will show you directly, 100,000 acres
I of this valuable territory now worth $500,000, or
j $1,000,000, we get off remarkably cheap if we
i pay only $66,000. In the construction of the
treaty, the value has nothing to do with it. In
the fulfillment of the contract on the damages to
which the Indians may be entitled for our viola-
tion of it, it might have a great deal to do with it.
In that point of view, if the gentleman from Ten-
nessee is right in saying that the country is worth
$5 or f 10 an acre, we have got off very well, if
we can satisfy their claim to 100,000 acres of this
valuable land by paying only $66,000.
My friend from Tennessee has commented upon
the opinions of the Secretary of the Interior. I
shall not attemptto vindicate those opinions; nor
shall I go further into these irrelevant matters,
which, as I conceive, have been brought into this
debate without having anything to do with the real
matters involved. Tne gist of this whole contro-
versy lies, as I think, in a nut-shell; and it does
seem to me if Senators would only examine the
treaty, they would not hesitate a moment about it.
What does the first treaty of 1825 say ? It says
that the Missouri Indians shall have fifty miles
square of land, in consideration of their twenty-
five miles- upon the Missouri river. My friend
comments upon the difference of their having got
four acres to one. What has that to do with it ?
( If they get one hundred to one, and it is the bar-
| gain, it has nothing to do with it. We have dis-
1 posed now of the question of value. We have
■ disposed of the question of quantity in the same
way. If they got four times as much, and have
got it by a fair bargain, they are entitled to it, and
the difference in quantity hasnothing to do with the
question. They got these fifty miles square for the
twenty-five miles near Cape Girardeau, and they
got it with a stipulation. And what is that stipu-
lation > That if their brethren in Ohio should
choose to go and live with them they might do so.
When the treaty of 1831 was made, what' was the
i condition of these Indians ? They had the fifty
\ miles square. They had besides the whole coun.-
j try in Ohio. Can any one deny that? After they
I remained in that condition for six or seven years,
having fifty miles square and the Ohio lands, we
made a treaty with them; and what did we say in
that treaty? We said this:
" In consideration of the cessions stipulated in the foie-
going article, the United States agree to cause the said
tribe or band of Shawnees, consisting of about four hun-
dred souls "
My friend puts stress upon the number of these
Indians, to show that they got a great deal of
property for such a small tribe. What has that
to do with the question ?
Mr. BELL. I did not refer to it with any such
view. I hope the gentleman does not mean to be
offensive ?
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Not at all.
Mr. BELL. I referred to their numbers to
show that, being four hundred, they were a ma-
jority of the whole tribe, and hence enjoyed the,
right to use over a half of the 1,600,000 acres.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. The number of the In-
dians, it seems to me, has nothing to do with the
construction of the treaty. Whether they be few
or many, the principle by which the rights of
parties are to be settled should be justice. The
stipulation of the treaty to which I refer is in these
words:
" The United States agree to cause the said tribe or band
of Shawnees, consisting of about four hundred souls, to be
removed, in a convenient and suitable manner, to the west-
ern side of the Mississippi river, and will grant by patent,
in fee simple, to them and theirheirs forever, as long as they
shall exist as a nation, and remain upon the same, a tract
of land to contain 100,000 acres, to be located, under the
direction of the President of the United States, within the
tract of land equal to fifty miles square, which was granted
to the Shawnee Indians of the State of Missouri.'-'
Let us look at that. Here is a stipulation in
express terms that the United States will grant
100,000 acres, in fee-simple, as long as these peo-
ple remain as a nation, and live upon it, out of
the fifty miles square which had been set apart for
the other Indians. What is the meaning of
granting to those four hundred souls 100,000
acres in fee-simple ? Is it not that they shall have
the exclusive use of those 100,000 acres? Are
other persons to go in and enjoy a portion of
them? Why, sir, the thing is preposterous. It
is a direct stipulation that they shall have the ex-
clusive use, and nobody else is to have any use of
these 100,000 acres. Now, I ask the Senator,
had the United States a right to carve, out of these
fifty miles square, 100,000 acres, and say to the
Ohio Indians: " You shall have the exclusive use
of them, and you shall exclude the Missouri In-
dians who had acquired a right to that fifty miles
square seven years before ?" The thing is utterly
preposterous. In what condition, then, do you
present yourselves? You have, by the first treaty
with the Missouri Indians, said: " You shall settle
anywhere and everywhere, according to your
regulations, upon the whole fifty miles square."
You have then said, by the second treaty with the
Ohio Indians: "We will give you the exclusive
use of 100,000 acres of land within the fifty miles
square." I say there is an inconsistency which
cannot be possibly reconciled; the two treaties
cannot stand together; you cannot give the Ohio
Indians the exclusive use, in fee-simple, of
100,000 acres of this land which the other tribe
have a right to settle upon, and use in common, if
you please, with the Ohio tribe. Sir, language,
discussion, argument, cannot make the thing
plainer than the two treaties, when you compare
the one with the other. It is palpable; no man
can gainsay it.
This treaty, then, goes on and states, that if
there is not good land enough to set apart these
100,000 acres, in fee-simple, for the exclusive use
of the Ohio tribe, within the fifty miles square,
then it is to be laid off adjoining those fifty miles.
Have they ever got it in the fifty miles square for
their exclusive use?—or have they got it adjoining
for their exclusive use? Why, sir, the paper pre-
sented here as the patent upon the Kansas, given
by Mr. Tyler, shows that they did not get it with-
in the fifty miles square for their exclusive use.
There is no pretense that they got it adjoining.
They have never got it at all, then, for their exclu-
sive use, according to the treaty of 1831. They
have never received it. What have they received ?
Just what the Senators from Wisconsin [Mr.
Walker] and Tennessee [Mr. Bell] said they
had got—the right in common with the Missouri
Shawnees to go and settle upon the fifty miles
square. That is all they have received. What
did they stipulate for in the treaty of 1831 ? Did
they stipulate for the right in common to settle
upon the fifty miles square? That they had under
the treaty of 1825. That provision had been
made for them by the Missouri band. The treaty
of 1825 expressly says, that the Ohio Indians
may go and settle and enjoy it, in common with
them. Did that satisfy the Ohio tribe ? No, sir.
They said, when they parted with their lands,
" We shall have 100,000 acres, in fee-simple, to
ourselves." That is the meaning of the treaty.
Have they got it ? There is no pretense that they
have; and here the Senators from Tennessee anil
Wisconsin are satisfying this stipulation in the
treaty of 1831, which guarantees these Indians
100,000 acres to themselves for their own use, in
fee-simple, as long as they occupy it by a privi-
lege to occupy in common, according to the stipu-
lation of the treaty of 1825, with the Missouri.
Indians.
There is the whole case. Any one who will
look at the two treaties will see it. Then the
question is, what damages are to be paid ? Sir,
if you stipulate that I shall have a patent for a
thousand acres of land for me and my heirs to
live upon as long as any of us are in existence, is
not that a much more valuable privilege than to
