1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1221
troduced by unanimous consent. It has been in-
troduced and read a first time. The Chair there-
fore decides the objection as coming too late.
The bill was then read a second time by its title,
and referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
Mr. POLK. I move that when this House
adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Monday next. i
Mr. FICKLiN, Upon that motion I demand
the yeas and nays.
Mr- STANLY. I rise to a point of order. I
understood that the motion to adjourn was only
withdrawn for the gentleman fiom Mississippi
[Mr. Nabers] to introduce his bill. I submit that
the motion to adjourn must now be put.
The SPEAKER. Notwithstanding that, the
motion to adjourn over was in order,and under the
rules must be first put to the House.
Mr, STANLY. I believe the Chair is right iis
his decision.
The yeas and nays were then ordered, and,
being taken, the result was—yeas 67, nays 72.
So the House refused to adjourn over.
Mr. ROBBINS. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. HENN. I ask the gentleman to with-
draw, to enable me to report from the Committee
on Enrolled Bills.
Mr. ROBBINS. I will withdraw for that pur-
pose.
Mr. HENN then. frotK the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported, as correctly enrolled, the bill
for limiting the time for holding the United States
district courts in Alabama, and for other purposes;
which received the signature of the Speaker.
The question then recurred upon the motion to
adjourn.
Mr. POLK. I demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. HENN. I move that when this House
adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
Mr. ROBBINS. i ask whether it is in order to
make that motion when we have just voted down
the same motion ?
The SPEAKER. It is, strictly speaking, in
order, inasmuch as other business has intervened.
Mr. PICKLIN. I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HENN. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. ROBBINS. I renew the motion to adjourn.
Mr. POLK. I demand the yeas and nays on
the motion to adjourn.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SACKETT. Is it in order to move to
amend the motion to adjourn?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. HART. I move that when the House
adjourns, it adjourn to meet again on Monday
next.
Mr. CABLE, of Ohio. I demand the yeas and
nays upon that motion.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask if these two
motions can be alternated. Nothing has been
done since the last motion was made.
The SPEAKER. The motion to adjourn was
voted down by yeas and nays.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Nothing has been
done since that, except the motion to adjourn until
to-morrow.
The SPEAKER. The Chnir thinks this is such
action as to authorize the Chair to receive the
proposition.
Mr. JONES. If this motion fails, they can
move to adjourn again, and thus keep on all night.
The SPEAKER. I do not know indeed, what
they will do. [Laughter.]
Mr. HENN. I withdrew the motion to adjourn
over; consequently there has business intervened.
The SPEAKER. There is no doubt about
business having intervened, and that very im-
portant.
The question was then taken on the demand for
the yeas and nays, and they were ordered.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. Is it in order to call
the other side upon the question for the yeas and
nays?
The SPEAKER. It is too late, in the opinion
of the Chair.
Mr. McMULLIN. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
proposition now before the House must first be
taken, which is the proposition to adjourn over
until Monday.
The question was then taken on the motion to
adjourn until Monday, and there were—ayes 52,
noes 41—no quorum voting.
Mr. SEYMOUR. 1 move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr CAMPBELL, of Illinois. Is it in order to
move a call of the House?
The SPEAKER. It is not in order pending the
motion to adjourn. -
Mr. St. MARTIN. I call for the yeas and
nays upon the motion to adjourn.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was then taken on the motion to
adjourn, and it was agreed to.
So the House adjourned to meet again to-mor-
row.
PETITIONS, &c.,
The tollowmjr petitions, memorials:, &e., were presented
under ihe rule, arid referred to the appropuate committees:
By Mr. NEWTON: The petition of John Henry, of ■
Ohio, foi a pjiibion. i
By Mr. BRAGG: The petition of Gerald B. Hail, United !
States aslant ntaishal, southern difctnct or Alabama,
praying for ettra compensation for taking the Seventh Cen- i
! ,
j T.y Mr. WELCH: The petition of 116 citizens of Meigs, J
\ mton, and Athens counties, Ohio, loi a mint route from '
| Wilk&vjlle, in Vinton county, to L^e, in Athens comitv, in >
! said State. " I
By Mi. FLORENCE: The memrum] of James McGahey,
Willmin Penn Foeney, Edward M. M.-adei, John Lawlor,
andsW others, practical printers, of Philadelphia, pinion-
ing Congress to pa^s a law for the establishment ot a na-
tiuual printing fitfiee. -
Als-o, the memorial of Thomas A. Braceland, John P.
McFadden,Edward P. Maddock, John H. (hmmnirham,
and 10 othets, piactical punters, of Philadelphia, petition-
ing Congress to pa>s a law for the establishment of a na-
tional puntmg otficp.
Bv Mr. CHAMDLElt: The resolutions of the Legislature
of Pennsylvania, m opposition to a leneival of the patent
for Parker's water-wheel.
Also, the memorial of William S. Hart and many other
citizens of Philadelphia, asking an enlargement of the
bounty land provisions to soldier?, and to extend them to 1
marines and seamen.
By Mr. THOMPSON, of Virginia: Three several memo- ;
rials from citizens of Hamson county, in favor of the
Wfieekrie; brj<J<re  * j
By Mi. HIBBARD: The memorial of B. W. Clark and t
others, citizens of Lyman, New Hampshire, remonstrating J
against the further extension ot the W ood worth patent. j
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. j
Saturday, May 1, 1652. 1
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer 1
by the Rev. Littleton F. Morgan.
The Journal of yesterday was read.
The SPEAKER. The first business before the
House is the unfinished business of yesterday,
being the bill for the relief of Osborn Cross, of
the United States Army.
Mr. JON ES,of Tenn^sspe. I rise to a question
of privilege, in reference to the correction of the
journal. It is stated m the Journal that when the
yeas and nays were called upon a proposition, I
rose to a question of order. I raised no question
of order, and so distinctly stated; but I raised a
constitutional question. Theie is nothing in the
rules or orders of this House, as to what numbei
shall older the yeas and nays. The right is one
derived from the Constitution, and not from a
rule. I hope the Journal will be made to conform
to these facts.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. That is still a
question of order, based upon the Constitution.
The SPEAKER. The Ch.nr still thinks it is a
question of order; but the gentleman has submit-
ted amotion to amend the Journal, by striking out
certain wordes pointed out by him, and inserting
others.
Mr. JONES. I move thpt the Journal be cor-
rected, and made to conform to the state of facts,
as they were.
Mr. SWEETSER. It is a question of order
under the Constitution.
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from
1 Tennessee [Mr. Joxes] submit the precise correc-
! tion he desires ?
; Mr. JONES. "Will the Clerk read that part of
: the journal, and I will state my correction. The
i proceedings are not reported in the papers this
| morning.
1 The Clerk then read the part of the Journal re-
1 ferred to; which was as follows:
"Mr. George W. Jones moved the point of older, that
inasmuch a« one fifth of the members \ohng had voted m
favor of taking the vote on the engrossment of the bill by
yeas and nays, it was not necessary that a quorum should
have voted—the Constitution providing that the yeas and
nays ' shall, at the desire of one fifth of those present, be
entered on the journal;' and that proportion of those voting
having expressed such a desire in the. present ea&e, he in-
sisted that they were entitled td hare the yeas and nays
taken."
Mr. JONES. I move to strike out the words
the point of order," and insert " the fconstitu-
tional right."
The SPEAICER. The Chair regards the
question made by the gentleman as a question of
order. The reason upon which the gentleman
bases his position is, that the right is a constitu-
tional one—that there is a constitutional provision
controlling the case*, all of which is stated by the
Journal. The gentleman moves to strike out'the
words recognizing his motion as a question of
order, with a view to insert a declaration that it is
a constitutional right which he demands.
Air. WOODWARD, I suggest to the gentle-
man from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] that he with-
draw his motion. It is a rule of order established
by the Constitution, and, therefore, an irreversi-
ble rule; but still it is a rule of order and proceed-
ure.
Mr. JONES. Notwithstanding the opinion of
the gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Wood-
ward,] from which 1 differ, I must insist upon
my motion.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Was the gen-
tleman entitled to make remarks in explanation of
his action, and give his reasons for it, or not?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks he had.
Mr. JOHNSON. If he did not do so, he can-
not add to the Journal his argument in behalf of
it to-day.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Jones] gave the grounds upon which
he appealed from the decision of the Chair. The
gentleman insists that it is not a point of order at
all—that it is a constitutional question, and he
wants that fact inserted in the Journal. It will be
for the House to determine whether or not it
would be better to give to the country the history
of the transaction.
Mr. ROBBINS. I would inquire how the Jour-
nal would read in its amended form?
The Clerk accordingly read the Journal as it
would appear as amended.
Mr. JONES. I demanded it as a constitutional
right that one fifth of the members present could
order the yeas and nays upon any question.
Air. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I move to lay
the motion upon the table.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that the
motion to lay upon the table is in order.
The question was taken upon the motion to lay
on the table the proposition to amend the Journal,
and decided in the negative.
The question recurred upon the motion to amend
the Journal.
The SPEAKER. The Chair, if the House will
indulge him m his own behalf, will state, that, ac-
cording to his recollection, the Journal states sub-
stantially the history of the matter. It certainly
was the object of the Speaker, and of the Cierk, to
state it. The Chair thinks that it must at last be
a question of order to be determined by the House.
The question is, whether th« Journal repoits cor-
rectly all the facts ?
Mr. STUART. I desire to inquire as to a fact,
which is the only thing that troubles me. I have
no doubt that the Chair is correct; but if this mo-
tion to lay on the table is entertained, will not the
effect be, according to parliamentary law, to carry
the Journal with it r
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not. How-
ever, the House have voted down the motion to
lay upon the table, and that, therefore, cannot be
a question now.
Mr. STUART. I had a con'rcuy impression.
The question was then put upon the motion to
amend the Journal as indicated by Air. Jokes,
and it was disagreed to.
OSBORN CROSS.
The SPEAKER. The question first in order is
the unfinished business of yesterday, being "A
bill for the relief of Osborn Cross," repoited fiom
the Committee of the Whole, with the recommend-
ation that it do pass, and upon its engrossment
the veas and-nays lnve been demanded.
Mr. ROBBINS. Would it be in order to move
that the House resolve itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the special order?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not, mas-
