1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2085
say that I shall have a thousand or two thousand,
or ten thousand acres, in common with my friends
from Tennessee and Wisconsin? Everybody can
see the difference, if you make it an individual
case*, and here is that individual case carried out
precisely in these treaties. The treaty of 1831
says that the Ohio band shall have 100,000 acres
in fee-simple, for their use, and not in common
with the other tribe.
Mr. WALKER. Just at this point, will the
Senator allow me to ask him this question: Can
he show me when the Ohio Shawnees have ever
complained to this Government, or to anybody
else, that they have not had 100,000 acres set off
to them separately? And if he cannot show that,
who is it that has got up this argument, and who
is it that is urging it? Not the Indians.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I have already stated
how I happened to get into this fight. [Laughter.]
I got into it by a conversation with the Senator
from Missouri, [Mr. Atchison.] I heard him
here (he other day, belaboring this question.
[Laughter.] I paid some attention to it, and hap-
pened to ask him a question about the matter, in
connection with his speech. He explained it, ana
I afterwards had a conversation with him. f am
now asked by my friend from Wisconsin, who
filed the declaration ' I have not looked into that
matter. The first I heard of it was in the way I
tell you.
Mr. WALKER. You are no party to the
cause at all.
Mr, UNDERWOOD, 1 suppose, though, that
somebody has been authorized to act-, and 1 sup-
pose, from the letter which my friend from Mich-
igan has had read to-day, that the Indians are
making the complaint that they have not received
justice under these treaties.
Mr. WALKER. That is not what the Indians
are here complaining of. They are here to get
the Government to pay over the reserved fund in
gross, which is out of the fifty-five cents, and not
out of the seventy cents reserved by the Govern-
ment.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. The Senator ought to
ask theCommitteeon Indian Affairs or the Finance,
Committee, whichever presented it, why this
amendment was proposed.
Mr. WALKER. It came m the hill from the
House.
Mr. CASS. The question is whether )t is just.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. It comes before this
body by the action of the appropriate committee,
and because 1 am discussing the treaties upon
which the whole right depends, the Senator wants
to evade the question of the right growing out of
the treaties, by going off into an inquiry as to how
the thing came here; like a judge, instead of set-
tling a case according to the right, when called
upon to adjudicate it, wanting to know who brought
the suit and how the parties come' before him.
Now I have nothing to do with that, and I come
back to what I was at.
Here are the facts. Here are the stipulations,
which I have shown the Government hasnotcom-
plied with. Then, if the country be half as valu-
able as the Senator from Tennessee says it is, if
you get off by paying $66,000, when you stipu-
lated to give a fee-simple title for 100,000 acres
worth $5 or $10 an acre, you will do very well
and make a remarkably good bargain. These
treaties present themselves to my mind in the way
I have shown you. Nobody can refuse to see it.
It is just so. The Government has not complied
with its stipulations. Was it an unmeaning stipu-
lation that tho Government made with the Ohio
Indians in 3831, when it said:
We will give you in the=e fifty miles square, or adjoin-
ing them, L(K),000 acres ot land in fee-simple as long as you
or any oi you live a  a nation:'1
Did that mean nothing? According to the con-
- straction which the Senators from Tennessee and
Wisconsin put upon it it is absolutely without
meaning, because they make it say they have got
that already. "You have got 800,000 acres in-
stead of 100,000;" that is the answer they give.
They have got 800,000 acres, whereas they were j
promised, specifically, 100,000exclusively for their i
own use. Why, sir, their construction makes j
this stipulation in the treaty of 1831 an unmeaning
sentence, without effect, having no operation upon
the minds of tho Ohio Indians. I am disposed,
as it has been inserted in this contract, to say that
it means something; that it was intended to mean
something; that it should have some effect. We
see that those Indians have had no benefit from it
yet; and I see no way of giving them the benefit,
except by the provision in this bill.
Mr. BELL. Why not propose to patent
100,000 acres to them in the fifty miles square ?
Mr. UNDERWOOD. My friend says why
not propose to patent-the 100,000 acres to them
out of the fifty miles square? For the most obvi-
ous reason in the world. What would these In-
dians say if you sent Government officers there to
tell them " We will lay off 100,000 acres for the
exclusive use of the Ohio band'" They would
rise up, as one man, and say, by the treaty of
1825, " I have the right to settle anywhere on that
' land; 1 have a right to use that land, and you are
' now going to take it away from me, and give it
' to the exclusive use of these Ohio Indians, and
' exclude me from the use of it."
Mr. BELL. Could we no.t, with the consent
of the Shawnees of Missouri, give 100,000 acres
to the Ohio Shawnees, out of the fifty miles square,
upon condition that the latter should release all
claim to the 1,500,000 remaining ?
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Certainly, these people
can make a new contract. Nobody denies that.
Mr. BELL. I want the gentleman to carry out
his argument. My argument was, that they have
800,000 acres, holding by the same tenure in com-
mon as long as they exist as a nation, instead of
the 100,000. But, says the Senator, you stipu-
lated to give the Ohio Indians 100,OOO for their
separate use and occupation; they do not claim !
any of the fifty miles square, they claim only the
100,000 acres, and they had a stipulation to enjoy
it themselves as long as they continued a separate
nation. Now, if the Senator wishes rigidly to
carry out our contract, I merely wanted, by ask-
ing this question, to show him that he can do it,
by proposing in this amendment that the Govern-
ment be authorized to patent to them, according I
to the terms of the treaty of 1831, 100,000 acres of
these 1,600,000, with the assent of the Shawnees
of Missouri, treated within 1825, theOhto portion
of the tribe agreeing to relinquish all their claim to ■
the 1,500,000 remaining. What objection is there
to that?
Mr. UNDERWOOD. None in the world, if
the Indians would agree to it; but would they do
so ?
Mr. BELL. Certainly.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. The Senator says cer-
tainly.
Mr. BELL. I mean the Missouri Shawnees;
the others would not.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I can say that if I were
stipulating 1 would not agree to any such thing, if
it were my case instead of the Indians. Why,
the Ohio Indians could say, " We ha\e eveiy thing
that you propose to give us in the fifty miles square
already; we have the light, by the treaty of 1825,
to settle and enjoy that anywhere, and, in addi- !
tion to that, your obligation that we shall have I
100,000 acres more to ourselves." ;
Mr. BUTLER. 1 wish to ask the gentleman j
another question at this point, for 1 would like to j
have my mind satisfied about it. I am not a j
stranger to this subject, for I have heard a great 1
deal said about it by my friend from Missouri. I j
wish to ask whether it would be to the advantage J
of the Ohio Indians to take exclusively, and in 1
severalty, the 100,000 acres, or to take their share I
of the 1,600,000 acres as tenants in common? j
As a question of law, if they had the power to 1
elect, would they take in severalty the 100,000 j
acres or not?
Mr. UNDERWOOD. It would be to their j
advantage to take the right to use in common the j
whole fifty miles square, and then to have sep-
arateiy and exclusively 100,000 acres to them- 1
selves.
Mr. BUTLER. But if they were to take one '
or the other, which would they take ? j
Mr. UNDERWOOD. They are entitled by
these treaties to both; and the idea that they are i
to be limited to one or the other is the point upon ;
which my friend from South Carolina is in error, j
Mr. BUTLER. It may be so. 1
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Now, to prove that the ;
stipulation of the treaty of 1825 is, that they shall :
have the right to use in common the fifty miles J
square, let us look at the treaty. If my friend
will look at it, he will find that they have ex-
pressly, by that treaty, the right to settle and to \
use in common the fifty miles square. It is a stip-
ulation on the part of the Missouri Indians that
they shaU have that right; and the Government
conceded it. And then, in addition to that, in the
treaty of!831, seven years afterwards, tlie Govern-
11 ment said to these Ohio Indians, " we will secure
11 to you 100,000 acres."
l! Mr. WALKER. In the same tract.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. In the same tract, cer-
tainly; but they were to have the exclusive right
to 100,000 acres. They were to have the title to
it in fee-simple. Does that exclude them from
the right under the treaty of 1825?
Upon what principle can you show that they
have no right to occupy the fifty miles .square in
common with the Missouri Indians, and that they
have not also a right to the 100,000 acres? If the
100,000 acres were laid off, they had the same
righ t that they had before, and they have, by this
j i additional treaty, a stipulation on the part of the
! Government that they shall have 100,000 acres to
themselves, and yet you are limiting the proper
construction of this treaty—you are depriving an
j ignorant band of Indians of privileges, immuni-
I ties, and rights which are granted to them by
; treaty stipulation; and this you have no right to
I do. That is the very foundation of the claim.
! 1 will not detain the Senate longer. I have got
j into this matter in the way I have stated. I have
j looked into the treaties for the purpose of trying
; to understand them; and that I have stated the
true construction of both treaties in all their bear-
j ings, it seems to me cannot be doubted.
! The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Nonius in
; the chair.) The question is on the amendment
' of the Senator from Arkansas.
1 Mr. CASS. Did I understand the honorable
, Senator from Arkansas to withdraw that portion
t of his amendment requiring the teference of the
; question to the Attorney General?
1 Mr. SEBASTIAN. I understand it now to be
the sentiment of the members of the Committee on
Indian Affairs that they are willing to withdraw
that reference. I therefore modify the amend-
! ment so as to strike out that provision.
Mr. BELL. That makes the grant absolute.
It makes the appropriation of $66,000 uncondi-
tional.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. It leaves the appropria-
tion absolute for payment of $66,000 on the condi-
tions contained in the proviso.
Mr. BORLAND. I would like to have the
amendment read as it now stands.
The amendment was accordingly read, as fol-
lows;
Strike out all after the words 11 and insert:
To be pawl to tlie whole nation ol'Shawnees residing upon
the Kansa-s per capita, but upon the following conditions :
Fir.-t, that the Shawnee1, <.li,itl, by soine valid act ot the na-
tional authorities, to be piescnbed by the Secretary of the
Interior, auree to receive said money m common. Second,
th.it they will hold in common, us one nation, tlie lands as-
f-iyned by the treaty of 1. Thud, that all claim of the
Ohio Shawnees to the exclusive jjiant of 100,000 acres,
undei the treaty ot Xf?31, be forever released.
Mr. BORLAND. I understand that the prac-
tical effect of this amendment will be to pay to
these Indians the whole amount of money for
which we ,have sold the lands which were ori-
[ ginully ceded by them in Ohio. We are to pay
| that amount to them in money, in addition to their
| right of occupancy and possession of 1,600,000
acres of land west of the State of Missouri. This
' is a subject with which I am not at all familiar.
! I do not know the point upon which I am called
j to vote, and I therefore ask if that is the practical
; operation of the amendment.
| Mr. SEBASTIAN. I will say to my colleague
! that the first question is upon the amendment
which I have offered, and then the main question
will arise on the motion of the Committee on Fi-
nance to strike out the whole clause, and that will
raise the subject of the title. The proposition now
is only to amend the appropriation as far as the
disposition of the land is concerned. But my
amendment provides for the appropriation per cap-
ita for the whole nation; that they may enjoy the
] land in common; that the Ohio band of Shawnees
i shall release their claim to the exclusive right of
occupancy of 100,000 acres of land.
I Mr. BORLAND. That explains the matter.
It answers my question in the affirmative. 1
I wished to understand the effect of the whole pro-
I vision before I voted upon any amendment to it.
' It is then, as my colleague has stated, a provision
