810
Bow than then. And now, notwithstanding the
opinions of the honorable Senator from North
Carolina, expressed in a very authoritative man-
ner, I beg leave again to say, that I do not be-
lieve the Naval Committee can find employment
for a clerlt; and I will eo further and add, that
there is not a commitR of this body, unless
it be the Committee on Finance, that can profitably
employ one, so far as the interests of the public
are concerned. "Whether while I was a member
of the Committee on Naval Affairs I contributed
in the least degree to lighten the labors of the
honorable Senator from North Carolina, who was
never known to shrink from any responsibility or
the performance of any duties, is a matter of
very little consequence at this time. The ques-
tion now is, whether the public interest will be
promoted by this loose system of creating a new
Bet of useless officers. X think not, and have
plainly given some of my reasons, without in-
tending to offend in the slightest degree any
Senator. Knowing, however, what I do, as to
the manner such propositions as this are generally
disposed of here, I cannot say that I have theleast
idea it will be defeated, and consider all I have or
might say in opposition to the resolution as labor
lost. I am content to affix my mark of opposition
upon it, and let it go.
Mr. BADGER. I wish to remind the honora-
ble Senator from Indiana of two things with regard
to the Naval Committee, which seem to have es-
caped his recollection. In the first place, while he
was a member of that committee, he was a mem-
ber of one or two other committees, furnishing so
much occupation for his time that it was very sel-
dom that we could get on that committee the as-
sistance which his labors and his counsel would
have afforded. Hence, with my friend fromNew
Jersey, [Mr. Mii.ler,] at that time a member of
the committee, and the then Senator from Florida,
[Mr. Ydi.ee,] who was at the head of the com-
mittee, we had thrown upon us an amount of la-
bor and responsibility under which we were borne
and pressed down, and in which the honorable
Senator from Indiana shared very little, and of the
oppressive character of which he knew nothing.
That is the first fact.
Then I wonder that the honorable Senator has
not thought of the other fact; and that is, we now
have the State of California in the Union, and it
would require a clerk to attend to the business of
that State, while the members of the committee
were able to attend to the rest of the United
States.
Mr. HALE. I did not intend to mingle in this
debate, but as the honorable Senator from North'!
Carolina says he has been oppressed, and as I feel j
myself bound to advocate the cause of the op- I
pressed, f want to say a word or two. It strikes j
me that v,-e are making mistakes in the discussion !
of this matter. That is, we are going too much '
into detail. We are not talcing a national view of j
the thing. I want to suggest a national view of j
this matter. We ai e not only doing what we arc
doing for to-day, but we are making piecedents,
and they will stick and be followed hereafter. I I
wish now to suggest a possible state of things '
which may exist hereafter. It may be that in the ■
coming years that arc before us, there will he an
administration of the General Government in j
power, and a majority of the Senate in opposition. I
Well, then, we that are in opposition will have j
some friends; our friends will come here and want j
places. We cannot give them places unless we.
make some neat little places in the committees, j
where we shall not have a President to interfere to
nominate. We want places where we can confirm [
wituout a nomination. 1 think, 111 view of what 1
may possibly occur hereafter, an arrangement of
this sort will be very convenient. Although I
have bat very few friends, they are enough to be
troublesome, especially to a man who has no sort
of influence with the Administration; and it is
exceedingly convenient, when all these places are
tilled by our enemies, to say, at least, there is a
littie clerkship m our committee which theSenate !
for their own purposes, hold m their own hands. I
In that way we would be doing a great public ;
-granting relief to those who are oppressed 1
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 20,
good-
by that labor under which the honorable Senator
from North Carolina has suffered until the marks
of premature age are creeping upon him. I say
that while the Senate would be doing a great pub-
lic good, they would be relieving themselves from
this oppressive labor by the establishing of a pre-
cedent which we are this day setting. I trust that
the honorable Senator from Indiana will take a
national view of the thing, and look into the com-
ing future.*;,As the eulogist of General Jackson
once said, I hope the Senator will listen to the
footsteps of coming generations, and legislate for
all time, so that when it does happen, as 1 have
no doubt it some time'will happen, when tlie ma-
jority will be in opposition to the Administration,
we shall have some little patronage of our own
about which we need not consult the President.
This is what I consider taking a national view
of the thing. I consider this as rising above such
little picayune things as the writing of reports,
and as going to establish the character and policy
of the Government. In this view, it seems to me
if the Senate had listened and attended to this, I
am certain they would not have refused to give the
Committee on Engrossed Bills a clerk. I have
been frequently called out when my friend from
North Carolina was making a speech, to examine
an engrossed bill, and to certify to its correctness.
This requires deliberation.
I shall vote for the motion of the honorable Sen-
ator from Virginia, [Mr. Hunter,] to postpone
.this resolution until to-morrow, for I think that a
thing of this sort should not be done m a hurry.
I hope that this resolution may be postponed to a
day certain, so that we may give it that due delib-
eration which it deserves.
Mr. HUNTER. As the time has arrived for
the consideration of the special order, I withdraw
the motion I,made awhile ago, and move that the
subject be laid upon the tab'e.
Mr. BADGER and others. Let us vote on the
resolution.
Mr. HUNTER. As it is suggested that the
resolution may now be voted upon, I withdraw
that motion.
The resolution was then adopted.
FOREIGN INTERVENTION.
Mr. CASS. I desire to lay upon the table,
with the view of having it printed, a resolution
which I intend to offer as a substitute for the reso-
lution offered by the Senator from Rhode Island,
[Mr. Clarke,] yesterday, lwas not present when
the Senator offered his resolution, and I merely
wish now that the paper I offer may be printed,
and to give notice that when the resolution comes
up, I will move this as a substitute.
The substitute proposed is as follows.'
Resolved by the Sennie and House oj licprescntatives
oj Ih-c United States of America in Congress assembled,
That white the people ot the United State* sympathize with
all nations who are striving to establish free governments,
yet thoj recogm/.ethe gicat piinciplc of the law of nations
which azures to each of them the noht to manage its own
internal alia,rs in its own way, and to establish, altei, oi
ahoIHi its government at pleasure, without the inteiferencc
of ain other Powci ; and they have not seen, nor could
they aiam see, without deep concern, the violatiun of this
pimcipie of national independence.
The ['RESIDENT. This can only be received
informally.
Mr. CASS. I merely wish that this resolution
may be printed, so thaL when the resolution of the
honorable Senator from Rhode Island comes up I
may be able to oOcr this as a substitute.
The resolution was ordered to be printed.
Mr. SEWARD submitted the following inform-
ally , that it might be printed. It is an amendment
which lie will offer to the joint resolutions offered
by Mr. Clarke;
Strike out all after the second resolution, and insert the
following as a substitute :
Jlesohcd, That while the United States, in consideration
of the exigencies of society, habitually rucoamze govern-
ments de Juelo m other States, yet that they~ai e neverthe-
less by no means indifferent when sucti a government is
established against the consent of any people by usurpation
oi by aimed lnteivention ot foreign states or nations.
Resolved, That considering that the people of Hungary, m
the cxcicise of the lights secured to them bv tne laws of
nations m a solemn and legitimate manner, assoited their
national independence and established a government by
their own uduntary act, and successfully maintained it
against all opposition by paitios lawfully interested in the
question, and that the Kmperor of Russia, without just
or lawful light, invaded Hungary, and by fraud and armed
force '-u'iy erted the national independence arid pohti'Ml con-
stitution thus e-tabh-hed, and thereby reduced that country
to the condition ot a province, ruled by a foieign absolute
power : The United States, in defence of their own interests
and of the common interests of mankind, do solemnly pro-
test against the conduct of itussia on that occasion, as a
wanton and tjiaunical infiaction of file laws of nations.
And the United States do further declaie, that they will not
hereafter be indifferent to similar acts of national injustice,
oppression, and usurpation, whenever or wherever they
may occur.
ASSIGNABILITY QFXAND WARRANTS.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of the special order, being a bill to authorize the
transfer of land warrants issued under the act of
September" 28, 1850, granting bounty land to the
officers and privates of the American army since
1790.
The PRESIDENT. The joint resolution was
considered by the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole, and was amended. It was then reported
to the Senate, and the question now is on an
amendment offered by the Senator from Wiscon-
sin, [Mr. Walker.] „
Mr. WALKER. After the yeas and nays
were ordered on this proposition yesteiday, there
were some observations made by the Senator from
Arkansas, [Mr. Borland,] and others by the
Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Felch,] to which I
wish to offer a few words in reply. The objec-
tion of the Senator from Arkansas is to the prop-
osition on account of its connection with the main
subject under consideration; and he seemed to in-
timate that if my amendment were offered as an
independent proposition, he would vote for it.
His objection to it appeared to be its connection
with this joint resolution.
Mr. BCiRLAND. Will the Senator from Wis-
consin allow me to interrupt him for the purpose
of making a single remark ? and perhaps I can •
thereby save him the necessity of making the ob-
servation he was about to make in reply.
Mr. WALKER. I give way to tiie Senator
from Arkansas,
Mr. BORLAND. I desire to correct, to some
extent, a short remark which I made yesterday.
Upon looking over the report of my remarks in
the paper this morning, as well as adverting to my
recollection of what I said at the time, I find that
1 took a position which I would not be able fully
to stand upon. That, however, arises from the
fact that I misconceived, to some extent, the prop-
osition of the Senator from Wisconsin. The sub-
ject of preemption was under consideration when
he made his proposition; and the impression made
upon my mind was, that his proposition referred
to preemption rights, and not to an absolute dona-
tion of land to actual settlers, without any com-
pensation being given by them to the Government.
1 desire to say now, that I would not be willing
to go for such a proposition. My understanding
of it was, that it included only preemption rights,
and to that extent I would be willing to go. I
make this observation with the view of correcting
my remark yesterday, and by way of explaining
what 1 intended.
Mr. W ALKER. The correction of the Senator
from Arkansas will not change the course of ob-
servation which I was going to make, for the
objection which he yesterday made to my amend-
ment was one which is almost universally made
to any amendment proposed in the Senate that
embraces in itself the principal subject. That ob-
jection is, that tlie amendment is not offered in the
proper place. That as a separate proposition it
might or might not be supported. "Now I think
the amendment which I proposed yesterday is
perfectly relevant to the subject under considera-
tion. _ The subject in reality in its substance and
intention, embraces a method of getting rid of the
public lands. It cannot be contended" that it is
anything more or anything less. It is true that
on its face it professes to be a proposition legal-
izing the assignment of land wan ants; but we all
know perfectly well that the operation of these
assignments will be to open a new method of ac-
quiring public lands by individuals, and a new
method by which the General Government shall
dispose of them. Nowwhat I propose isan addi-
tion to this method of disposing of the public
lands, so that we may give a free grant of a hun-
dred and sixty acres of land to every person who
will demonstrate in good faith his intention of be-
coming a resident upon the land, by dwelling
upon it and cultivating it for five years. This is
the proposition.
The objection of the Senator from Michigan,
who is chairman of the Committee on Public
Lands, was of a similar character to the objec-
tion urged by the Senator from Arkansas, but
with this additional objection, that the proposition
was sprung upon the Senate suddenly, and that it
did not give the Senate proper time to deliberate
upon it and to frame the necessary machinery by
which to carry out the object. Wow I regret that
