1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1223
show that the committee were under a mistake in
regard to this man being secreted in the House,
fie was not secreted there. The porter locked the
front door and went out, leaving the back door
unfastened.
Mr. SACKETT. The committee reported the
facts correctly. I was under a misapprehension
as to the report, as I had not seen it for some days.
The facts of the case show that the thieves were
not able to get into the building except by slipping
in and unbolting the door which had just been
fastened. - I
Mr. GIDDINGS. The whole question arises j
from a misapprehension of our own duties. In- ;
stead of facts proved to this House, gentlemen ;
take the say-so of this court-martial, or court of 1
inquiry without law, without any kind of author-
ity, and where but one party is heard. They j
bring that in here to bind our conscience and di- i
rect our judgment. Instead of taking the say-so '
of that court, the committee should have given us j
proofs of the facts. It is for us to diaw our own !
conclusions from the proofs. I disregard the i
opinions of that court altogether, and I am to j
judge of the facts as they are proven to me. I i
take the conclusions of no man in such a case as j
this. _ ]
Mr. STUART. I wish to submit a few re- •,
marks in reference to this proposition, if I under- |
stand it. I may be as unfortunate as other gentle- j
men, and I may not understand it. But there is ;
one leading fact in this case which seems to me
ought to control the House, and that is, there is
no evidence in this case, winch shows that this
officer exercised that care in reference to this sub-
ject which a prudent man would have exercised in
his own affairs. We have no difficulty whatever
in relation to the law of the case. Something was
said yesterday about that. Some one remarked
to-day that the rule of law that an individual, un-
der these circumstances, cannot excuse himself by
pleading larceny, is not only well settled, but a
very wise one. Congress ought to be governed
by a rule of law universal in its application; and
this rule, as laid down and adhered to, will, m al-
most every case, work properly. It is the pecu-
liar business of the law-making power to relieve
the cases which form a proper and legitimate ex-
ception. Thatthe courts cannot do; that the law-
making power can and ought to do. It will be
recollected by gentlemen that this is the best show-
ing of the case that can be made. We should not
fail to remember that this is the showing of the
party himself. It is the best exhibit that he can
make, without any controversy on our side. Now,
upon his own showing, he exhibits a degree of neg-
lect that ought not to excuse a bailee; and unless a
Government officer can make out a case that shows ;|
that he has exercised all that ordinary care and j
diligence that a prudent man is bound 10 exercise i
in his own affairs, the Government of the United
States should notrelieve him. Now, has he done j
that? I ask any member of this House to test it ;
by his own prudence. If he had an amount of j
money in an iron safe, locked up in one of the [
rooms of his owfi house, and he, either by leaving |
the key with his servant, or by his own omission, j
allowed a burglar to rob him of that money, and he i
not know it, and thereby lost his property, would !
he have the face to ask the surrounding commu- ,
nity to indemnify him upon the score of charity ? j
Sir, would he not feel that such negligence as he j
would be obliged to admit would not bear the light,
of day? It so seems to me; and it seems to me ]
that the present aspect of this case, from the lead- |
ing facts standing out here upon the officer's own j
showing—and, I repeat, certainly as good a show- 1
ing as the case is susceptible of—is sufficient to
induce Congress to withhold relief, and place it
upon the ground which I shall, in my vote; that
this individual has not exercised sufficient pru-
dence not even that prudence that is due from one
citizen to another, or from that citizen over his
own concerns. These are my views, Mr. Chair-
man, and these views will control my vote.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois. I desire to say
a word or two in regard to this matter, m reply to
the remarks of the gentleman from Michigan,
[Mr. Stuart.] I do not think he places it upon
the proper ground. This matter, it seems, has
undergone an investigation before the proper tri-
bunal. That tribunal has reported upon the facts;
gence which his immediate predecessor was in the j
habit of using—thatdiligeuce which was necessary
to protect these funds. Now, sir, if he used the ;
ordinary diligence which a private individual would j
use over his own property, I hold that he has done !
everything which the law requires him to do as a |
public officer. Do we not hear every day of pri- ,
( vate individuals, who have had their stores robbed, I
I precisely in the same way that this public officer i
was robbed—by burglars and robbers concealing !
themselves in the day time m some secret part of 1
their store rooms, and after the store was closed 1
at night—the clerks, perhaps, sleeping in that !
very store—and it has never been contended that ;
the owner of the goods had not exercised a proper ]
and necessary discretion in protecting his prop-
erty? It seems to me, that all this watchfulness j
was exercised by this public officer. }
But I desire to place it upon another and higher j
ground, and one which this House cannot, arid is j
not at liberty to disregaid; and it is this: Admit-
ting that he was guilty of neglect—concede, for '
the sakeoftheargunient, thathe was guilty of neg- j
lect in this case—as soon as he discovered that a i
burglary had been committed, he informed the i
Government thereof; he identified the property; j
he gave them the number of the Treasury notes, ;
so as to enable them to ascertain, when these notes
were presented for payment, their identily. What !
did theGovernmentdo under these circumstances? j
It seems that when the notes were presented, the 1
Government paid them; and upon what principle ?
Why, at the very time that this property was :
stolen, it was the property of the Government. ;
Mr. SACKETT, (interrupting.) With the .
permission of the gentleman from Illinois, I desire |
to add one word at this point. He not only noti- J
fied the Government of the burglary, but he
diligently ferreted out the felons, and secured ;
$3,000 of the stolen property, and the conviction ;
of the felons. j
Mr. CAMPBELL, (resuming.) And not only j
exercised the energy that was necessary for the '
discovery of the perpetrators of this act, but he >
gaveto the Government such information as would ;
enable them to detect the stolen property, when- ;
ever it should be presented at the Government ;
counter for payment. Now, 1 hold it to be a legal
principle, which, if properly considered, must in- ,
fluence the vote of this House upon this question, :
that when this property was stolen it was the
property of the Government of the United States,
and no matter into whose hands it afterwards j
passed, that property never passed out of the hands !
of the Government. Larceny, no matter into j
whose hands the stolen property may pass, never i
changes the right of property in the article stolen j
from the original owner. If these notes were the
property of the Government when they were pre-
sented, the Government had no business to re-
deem them to the holder, no matter who he might
be. . .
Mr. STUART, (interrupting.) This is a ques-
tion of equity. I coincide entirely with the gen- |
tleman in his ideas of law. They are the same
ideas presented yesterday and to-day by the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Sweetser.] But let us
try how this thing would operate. Suppose the
Government had declined paying this papei, which
was in the hands of a bona fide holder, who had
paid full value for it. He would have had the
legal right to go back upon the man from whom
he got it. And so successively would they trace
it back until they came to the man who got it from
the thief, and he would lose it. Now what would
be the consequence, upon the question of equity.
Where one of two innocent persons must suiter,
the established rule of law is, that he shall suffer
who has been the originator of the mischief, so
that they would come back to the man who took
the notes from the thief, who, being scamps, they
would not be able to collect it.
Mr. SWEETSER. Oh, that is begging the
question. , . .
Mr. STUART. No, it is not begging the ques-
tion at all. In this case the man who suffered injury
from his own negligence must lose. This is a
question of equity, not of law. Adopt the course
whichthegentleman from Illinois [Mr. Campbell]
contends for, and you throw the loss upon the man
who had no earthly means of preventing it, for he
took the paper from the man who held possession,
and prima facie owned it, without any powisr to
and from the report of that tribunal, it seems to j and prima jacle owneu u,
that this officer made use of the ordinary dili- >! determine that he was the thief.
Mr. CAMPBELL, (resuming.) I feel thank-
ful to the'gentleman for the views with which he
has favored the House. 1 conceive it makes the
claim of this applicant still stronger. He admits
the law; he admits that the Government of the
United States was not bound to pay these Treas-
ury drafts when they were presented. What did
they pay them for? Why it seems that they paid
them for the purpose of inflicting a punishment
and a penalty upon a public .officer, who was
charged with being guilty of neglect. Is that the
course which the Government of the UnitedStates
should pursue'
But let us folio w the gen tleman's argument a little
further. He says the equity of the case is against
thisclaim. Idenyit. The equity of the case is with
the claim. He says that if the Government had
refused to pay these Treasury drafts, they would
have been traced back from one to another, until
finally the thieves would have been discovered.
That is the very object we had in view, and that
is the very course the Government should have
pursued. When they came to the last man they
would have required of him to have examined into
this matter. When he received Treasury drafts,
of a large amount, from negroes—I believe they
were negroes that stole this money—it should have
been sufficient to have put him upon inquiry,
whether or not it was right to receive that money.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee, (interrupting.)
If the gentleman will allow me, I desire to submit
an inquiry to him. If it be true, as contended by
the gentleman, that the officer in this case used such
diligence as an ordinarily prudent man would
have used in taking care of his own property, will
not that furnish him a good defense at law ? If
that be true, what is the necessity for special legis-
lation in the case ?
Mr. CAMPBELL. The Government is on
one side. It is shown here that the Government
has paid money which it had no right or authority
to pay, and then it turns round and denounces and
harasses an individual, because it has done an
act itself which it was not justified in doing under
the law of the land. Is that a coriect principle?
Is it a principle in equity? This is not a question
between individuals. The claimant comes here
and makes a question between the Government
and himself, and he asks relief. I think if ever
there was a case before this House, which enti-
tled an applicant to relief, it is this case. If the
Government has lost anything it was by its own
act. And when it does that, I cannot see where
there is any equity in the Government turning
round and calling upon the individual to reim-
burse it.
Mr. SACKETT, (interrupting.) There has
been considerable said here about the question of
the diligence and care of this claimant. I should
like to know what sort of standard this House in-
tends to set up ? The evidence is that he exercised
all the care and diligence that had been exercised
by the public officer who had previously occupied
the same place, in pursuing the same business.
It is proved, in the first place, that he could not
deposit the money in the banks, because they re-
fused to receive it. Then certainly he is not to
blame for that. It is proved that he deposited the
money in a secure iron safe. Certainly he was
not to blame for that. It is proved, too, that the
safe was locked, the key of that safe locked up in
another safe, and the key of the latter safe locked
up in a desk, and the key of the desk in his own
pocket. Certainly he is not to blame for that. I
should like to know what sort of standard gentle-
men would set up?
Mr. CAMPBELL. I cannot yield to anymore
interruptions. I have but a few words more to
say. I put it upon this ground: that if the claim-
ant was guilty of neglect; if he did not exercise
that strict watchfulness over this money which,
perhaps, an individual might exercise over his own
property—yet, I maintain, that so far as we have
the facts before us, he did so—and that his con-
duct afterwards, in giving the Government notice,
to enable them to identify this property whenever
it was presented to them, and the Government dis-
regarding that notice, and paying the money, dis-
charged him of all responsibility which he owed
to this Government in relation to the particular
amount of money he had in his custody.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I think this
debate has gone far enough. I call the previous
question.
