1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2087
m 1842, $27,000; in 1851, $92,728. So that the
expenses now, in that district, are about ten times
as great as they were twenty years ago, and nearly
four times as great as ten years ago. Now, not-
withstanding the acknowledged increase in the
population, the trade, the wealth, and general
prosperity of the country, there is no one who
will deny that the expenses of our courts of justice
ars out of all proportion. Rapid as has been our
advance in all the elements of national greatness,
the increase of judicial expenses has outstripped
it. Increase of population is one of the methods
by which we are enabled to estimate national pros-
perity; and yet I tell you that,although in respect
to population, reality in this country has far ex-
ceeded the wildest estimates of imagination, al-
though our population has increased since the
year 1800 at the rate of 333 per cent.; yet in the
■same period the increase of judicial expenses to
he paid by the Government has been at the rate of
1,237 per cent. This is out of all proportion, and
demands, at the hands of the representatives of
the people, retrenchment and reform.
Mr. Speaker, a fee bill ib necessarily a subject
of dull and dry detail. It would be idle to attempt
to render it more interesting by any efforts of the
fancy. As well might one decorate the brow of
a skeleton with a diadem as to attempt to grace
this subject with tropes or figures of rhetoric. I
shall therefore content myself by presenting to
the House some of the evils proposed to be reme-
died, with a brief and explicit statement of the gen-
eral provisions of the bill now under considera-
tion.
I have alluded to the increase in our judicial ex-
penses, in a very general way. Allow me to turn
the attention of the House to a few of the special
abuses under the present laws, for the taxation of
costs. Fees m the Federal courts are taxed, in
most of the States, mainly under the provisions
of the act of 28th February, 1799. It regulates
to some extent, the fees of marshals—the fees of
attorneys in admiralty cases only—with a per
diem of $5 for attending court, and an annual
salary of $200. It allows clerks a per diem of $5
for attending court, and the same compensation al-
lowed by the statutes of the States respectively to
the clerks of their supreme courts, with one third
added thereto. And for all services not specially
provided for, the attorneys and marshals are
allowed the same compensation allowed by the
State statutes respectively for such services to
attorneys and sheriffs. Tho compensation of the
officers of the United States courts, then, to a
greatextent, depend upon the fees allowed under
the State fee bills. There are no two States in
which the fee bills are similar, and it therefore
necessarily follows that the compensation for the
same services is different in each of the States.
And so great is this inequality, that I will have
but little difficulty in convincing the House of its
palpable injustice. In those States in which no
fee bills exist, the only compensation that can be
procured, under the decision of the Attorney Gen-
eral of the United States, for services rendered, is
the annual salary and the per diem; whilst, as I
will presently show, in other States a liberal com-
pensation isallowed by the State fee bills. "Whether
in civil or criminal proceedings, the compensation
of an officer of the court in the State of New
York would, under the present system, be more
than 200 per cent, above the sum allowed for simi-
lar services in most of the Western or Middle
States. In Virginia the compensation to an at-
torney for services in the criminal court under the
5th section of the act of Congress of 1799, is dis-
cretionary with the court; whilst in Pennsylvania
the only fee is $6; and in some of the States $5.
In Virginia the charge is $20 for drawing an in-
dictment, and the trial fee allowed by the court is
from §50 to $500. There is not another State in
the Union, exceptNew York and Louisiana, where
the attorney's fee in criminal cases, is anything
like as large as in Virginia. In many of the States
it is below $10; and in few, if any, above $25.
In New York, in the year 1849, in the case of
the United States vs. Leonard Dyer, under the
provisions of the act of Congress of 1841, and the
statute of New York of 1840, the district attor-
ney in a prosecution for perjury, so construed the
law, that he charged the Government $246 12J,
and his account was certified by the judge;
whilst under the New York statute, by which
alone he was authorized to charge, his fee would
not have amounted to the one fortieth part of that
sum.
I call attention to the following extract from
a letter dated 26th of November, 1851, from the
First Comptroller to the Secretary of the Interior,
in which he discusses certain malpractices in the
State of New York:
" j?Hrst, as to the State of New York.—At the time of the
adoption by Congress of the fee bill of 3799, the State had
a fee bill for attorneys in civil causes in the supreme court,
one for counsellors, and another for attorneys in criminal
business, and other bills for solicitors and counsel m chan
eery, all allowing item fees. The civil fee bill allowed at-
torneys and counsel also a retaining fee in each cause, pro-
vided counsel \vd« actually employed; hut prohibited the
samp man from receiving fee« in two capacities, both as
attorney and counsel, in the same cause. The criminal
fee bill did not allow any retaining fee, nor any counsel
fees. Both bills allowed a folio compensation for drawing
all writs, pleadings, and other papers and proceedings in the
progress of a cause; also a folio compensation for every
copy made, or supposed to have been made, or necessary,
and a fee for trial, for each motion, or other service. The
civil fee bill, however, gave the highest compensation
throughout, in addition to the retaining fee.
"The civil fee bill being the highest, was adopted for
criminal as well as civil business, by the district attorneys
in the Fedeial courts. The fee bill of attorneys for both
civil and criminal suits lemained substantially the same
from about the year 1790 until 1840, when a new fep bill
was made for civil causes only, the criminal fee bill remain-
ing nearly the same to this day.
"The civil fee bill of 1810 for the first time provides that
the same man may take fees in the double capacity of at-
torney and counsel in the same cause or proceedings ; but
in civil causes only. It abolished all folio fees foi drawing
and copies of writs, pleadings, and other papers and pro-
ceedings, and substituted a specific fee for each one; for
instance, instead of allowing twenty-five cents for one hun-
dred woids for drawing pleading*, and twelve and a half
cents per folio for each copy, it allowed .-$*2 50 for drawing
a declaration, and $1 25 for each copy, &c. The charges
and abuses in the State courts under the law of 18-10, allow-
ing double fees as attorneys and counsel to the same pert-on,
were so great that the whole bill and system of charging
fees in small items, for attorneys, solicitors, and counsel,
was abolished February 12, 1848, and a few general items
substituted m their place.
" Under the act of Congress of 1841, and the State law
of 1840, the district attorneys have charged for many years
past, and still charge in criminal, as well as m civil suit",
both attorneys' and counsel's fees ; where the bill of 1840
allows the largest compensation lor any sei vice as an attor-
ney, the charge is usually made under Uiat bill; but when
the old law allowed the largest compensation foi an item of
service, the charge is usually made under it. For example,
m the bill hereafter reterred to, of the United States
Leonard Dyer, Mr. Hall charged for drawing the indictment,
two liundied andforty five folios, $61 25 for engrossing, and
for copy $61 25, and for fair copy for the grand jury .§30 62* ;
m all, $152 12^, though the State civil bill of 1840 allowed
but $2 50 for drawing, and .$1 25 for each copy, making, in
all, ^6 25. And in the prosecution vs. Anthony Faulac,
Mr. Shepheid, the late distiict attorney, churgcd at Febru-
ary term, 1849, for drawing the indictment, two hundred
folios, $50, for engrossing and copy $50, and copy for grand
jury 5^25; making m all $>125, for which the law of 1840
allowed but $6 25.
" They have entirely disregarded the act of Congress of
1842, which confines them, in criminal causes, to the crim-
inal fee bill of the State, and allows no retaining fees, and
no counsel, and no trial or term lees for attending to try a
cause, unless it is actually tried; and both Mr. Shepherd and
Mr. Hall have charged a letaming fee as attorney and coun-
sel also, and even a warrant of attorney, at each terra of
the court. In the case against A. Faulac, the papers sent
to tins office show that Mr. Shepherd charged a retaining
fee as attorney, three dollars ; as counsel five dollars, and
for warrant of attorney thirty seven and a halfccnts, at each
of three terms; in all, for each term $8 '37% ; that Mr.
Hall made similar charges for the same amount at each of
nine terms; that Mi. Shepherd and Mr. Hall each chaiged
for April term, 1849, making m all charged for retaining
fees and warrants of attorney, the sum of $100 50. The
fees for brief, attorney's fees, and counsel fees attending,
prepared lor trial, was also repeated twelve times, at eleven
terms, amounting to $108. In many other causes, the re-
taining fees are charged from two to eight tunes in a cause.
In lact. it seems to be a general practice to charge them,
and also the nine dollar trial fee, and for many other mere
constructive services, at each term of the court. And in
the case of N. O. Marsehs, Mr. Shepherd and Mr Hall
charged retaining fees, though the cause had been tried and
the defendant was convicted before either <>t them came
into office, and nothing remained to be done except to sen-
tence the prisoner.
"Though the act of Congress of 1842 is prospective in
its operation, and plainly requires diem to ch.uge their lees
under the State fee bill in force when a service is rendered,
yet they have paid no attention te the repeal m 1848 of the
old fee bill in civil causes, and the substitution of a much
lower one in its place, but have continued to charge as
heretofore stated. The system of charging is illustrated by
the lollowmg abstracts of bills of costs."
Here, then, sir, you have $152 12| charged against
the United States m a cause where the attorney,
concerned, under the statute of the State by which
he was bound to make out his bill against the
United States, was only entitled to $6 25.
In the prosecution against Anthony Faulac for
perjury, Mr. Shepherd, the district attorney of
New York, in 1849, as will be seen by the state-
ment which follows, charged the gross sum of
! 1237 12|; and Mr. Hall, his successor, charged
! in the same case for his services $280 50-"-making
| in all $517 62J attorneys* fees in this one case. I
j call the attention of the House to the following
' items which constitute these bills:
The United States ^ • . , ...
vs (Indicted for perjury, prior to Apnl
Anthony Faulac. ) term, 1849.
Mr. Hall charges as follows:—
Retaining fee, $8; war-
rant of attorney, 37*.
Motion for trial, $3; at-
torney and counsel
and motion to post-
pone, $3 
Brief, attorney and
counsel fee, prepared.
Di awing costs, copying
and attorney's taxes.
One tenn fee 
Attorney and colleague
on motion to extend
recognizance, (for-
feited) 
Other items  
Total.
For May and June
terms, as above 
July term, ret'g$8 37J;
for three items above,
§9—total 
September term, 1st,
2d, and 3d items,
same as April term-
total 
October term, 1st, 2d,
and 3d items, same as
April term—total 
November teim, 1st,2d
and 3d items, same
a< April term—total.
December term, 1st, 2d,
and 3d items, same as
April term—total.
January term, Ht, 2d,
and 3d items, same as
April term—total
Mr. Hall's charges at 9
terms of court....
$8 37*
3 00
9 00
J 75
62*
3 00
6 50
$32 25
May.
#8 37*
6 00
9 00
1 75
62*
3 00
$29 00
April.
$8 37*
6 00
9 00
1 75
62*
$25 75
61 25
29 25
35 00
32 00
26 00
36 25
35 00
$280 50
The charges of Lorenzo B. Shepherd, the predecessor
of Mr. Hall in the same cause, are as follows:
Date.
1849.
Items.
February term, Shepherd>s charges, which
include 1st and 3d items, $3 for motion
to postpone trial; $50 for drawing in-
dictment of 200 folios; $50 for engross-
ing and copying j and $25 for copies for
the grand jury 
March term, 1st, 2d, and 3d items, same as
April term above 
April term, 1st, 2d, and 3d items, same as
allowed by Mr. Hall, charged 
Total charge taxed and paid to Shepherd
for three terms 
Total attorneys' fees taxed and paid for
eleven terms of court  $517 <
April.
$178 25 ;
29 87*
29 00
$237 12*
Mr. Shepherd and Mr. Hall both charged for the April
term, 1849—-the former $29, and the latter $25 75.
In the case of the United States against Dyer
the whole compensation of the attorney, as I have
stated before, was $240 12j. In the case of the
United States vs. Edward Walford, charged with
voluntarily seizing upon a vessel engaged in the
slave trade, the fees of the attorney were $267 50,
whilst under the State fee bill he would not have
been entitled to more than one fourth that sum, if
so much as that. In this case there are no less
than six retaining fees charged, of £8 37£ each—
one for each term of the court—amounting to
#50 25. There are no less than five fees charged,
one at each term, for a brief and preparation for
trial—$9 each—amounting to $45. A motion for
trial and a motion to postpone, at each term, from
$3 to $6, amounting to $24. The last item in this
bill was a motion to enter a " nolle prosequi," and
thus terminated the cause. It cost the United
States $267 50 attorneys' fees to ascertain that
there was no cause of action.
Allow me, sir, to allude to another case in New
York—the case of the United States vs. Marsellis,
indicted for stealing letters from the New York
post office, who was tried and convicted prior to
Octobers 1848. At the October term, in 1848, Mr.
District Attorney Butler charged the Government
§10 75. 4fter the conviction, Mr. Sheperd charged
