2088
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 5,
$20, at the January term, 1849, and Mr. District .| years, under the provisions of the bankrupt
Attorney Hall also charged #20, at the May term, ! I laws, when it is perfectly manifest that the
1849. Each of them charged retaining fees after
the conviction and before sentence. In this case i
in which a conviction was had before either Mr. ;
Shepq-d or Mr. Hall, had anything to do with |
the prosecution—each of them, I say, charged a !
retaining fee of $8 37. '
I hold in my hand the charges for services in (
the,State court of the district attorney of Sche- j
nectady county, in the State of New York. The ,
amount is for the ordinary services of a term. It
includes the drawing of three indictments, five 1
trials, and subpenas and the preparation for trial |
in thirteen cases, and yet the aggregate amount S
for £he term is $62 06; whereas the district at- ,
torney.of the United States, in the case against j
Walford, where he made a motion to enter a nolle 1
prosequi, charged $96 12£ at one term, and in all,
$267 50. The clerks are in the habit, in the State '
of New York, of making searches at each term :
of the court, and they charge the Government i
large sums of money, for which no adequate ser- ,
vice is rendered. Well, sir, lest this might look ;
Jike a sectional statement, I will turn the attention :
of the House, for one moment, to the clerk's fees |
in the district court for the southern district of!
Mississippi, and endeavor to show that these evils j
are rather national in their character. Here you |
have charges made for the attendance of the clerk ;
on three unfinished cases of bankruptcy, amount-
ing to the sum of ^310 10, claimed by the clerk, I
and certified by the judge of that court, as com-
pensation for his per diem on attending the court.
The judge of that district certified to the account
as, follows: „
Accounts of William Burns, clerk, tor his per (hem from
May 19, 1845, to November }fc, 1848, for 800 dins' Httm:;
in bankruptcy, at $5 for day 
Pour davs on other business.    20
The whole number of days within that period was. ,1,280
Number of tiabbaths    382
Number of days charged for attendance   894
Number of day.: other than Sabbaths not charged... i204
~ . • 1,280
<>u the 7th of February, 1816, the cleik jeported to the Sec-
retary of State of the United States that tin: nuinbet of a,p- |
plicanfs for relief undei the bankrupt act was, ease-* 872 j
Number disdmiged  861 i
Proceedings withdrawn in eases    6 !
Abated by death of party  2 1
Number of eas*es then pending    3 :
872 i
Mr. Bums charged tYom Fehiuary 7,1846, (the date of that
report,) to November 18,1S18, for his attendance on (lie
court in bankruptcy to dispose of tho^e three cases, 6fVi
"days, at §5 per day     $3,310
S. J. Gholdon, judge of that dUtrict, certified to ttie ac-
count, and sl that the attendance upon said court silling in
bankruptcy, of Wiliiarn Burns, eJeik theieof, as specified
m the forgoing abstract. wa< expressly required by me, ami
said clerk did actually sjo attend for the performance of the
duties of his office.;5
Given under my hand and seal, &c.
The idea of this Government paying £3,310
to the clerk for attending three unfinished cases of
court was not actually in session, but only con-
structively open for the purpose of filing papers,
ajid to allow the. clerk to enter common orders
under the existing rules. In the State of Ken-
tucky more petitions were filed in bankruptcy than
in the western district of Pennsylvania; and yet
it would appear that only one hundred and four
days are charged for by the clerk at a compensa-
tion of $520. The clerks in the western district of
Pennsylvania charged from the year 1842 to 1846
for about eight hundred and twenty-one days,
and actually received on their own certificate and
the allowance of the judge, some §3,600.
Well, sir, I will refer next to the case of the
| United States vs. Wilson & Crafts—a celebrated
j case in Massachusetts. Without going into de-
j tail, I will £tate that in a prosecution of these men
| for conspiracy to cast away the ship Franklin, the
{ marshal's costs amounted, as taxed by him, to
! §6,147 55. It is but justice in this connection to
I say, that that account as presented by the marshal
j has never been certified by the judge. The judge
I certified only one of the six bills presented by the
j marshal, amounting to in and about §1,500. In
! this case there were six or eight witnesses, who
were brought up by a writ of habeas corpus issued
each day for each of the witnesses, and each wit-
ness was returned to jail each day upon a commit-
ment. The marshal's .fees of the six witnesses
and the two prisoners amounted to the enormous
sum of $6,147 55, more than §100 a day for bring-
| ing up and committing the witnesses and defend-
I ants. In the cou.rts of England, and in the State
| courts, and in nine-tenths of our district courts,
j the practice is to bring up for trial, and commit
prisoners upon a parole order. There is scarce a
1 court in the wide limits of the United States in
j which anything else was ever dreamt of. But in
.tp-4,470 the cities of Philadelphia and Boston each witness
~ ! and each prisoner has to be brought out on a habeas
corpus and returned on a commitment. In the
State of Virginia there are some slight abuses in
the western district. Allow me to call the atten-
tion of the House to some of the abuses in the
" Old Dominion." An inquiry was made, under
^ resolution of this House in January test, directed
to the" Secretary of the Interior, "What is the
practice of issuing attachments for non-attendance
of witnesses?" In the western district of Virginia
you will find this state of things disclosed in the
,report of the First Comptroller. Proceedings for
contempt of court have been unnecessarily multi-
plied, which is one of the causes of the increase of
judicial expense. There were, in the district in
the year 1849 at one time no less than one hundred
and twenty-two prosecutions for contempt of
court against seventeen persons for non-attend-
ance as witnesses, being thirteen prosecutions
against each of six persons and four prosecutions
against each of the others. The whole cost was
thrown upon the Treasury of the United States.
In the year 1850, the witnesses in Virginia seem
to have been contumacious again, and you iind
eighty-threeproceedings against fourteen witnesses
in one case, in which the clerk's fees amounted to
over $197, all of which was charged to the United
bankruptcy is perfectly preposterous. In the mid-!j States, besides the marshal's fees for serving
die district of Tennessee you have the jud-re of j| process in each of these proceedings. I admit
that it is sometimes necessary to issue attach-
that district certifying to an account of a clerk for
* ninety-two days more than can possibly be counted I
• in the period embraced. The judge cei tified in this i|
instance for constructive services against theGov- !
ernrhentan account of $3,G20, after the clerk had ;
stated in no less than six semi-annual emoluments i
accounts; sworn to by him, that he was fii\oi end- i
'tied to any emoluments other than those therein !
specified;" which did not include any portion of:
the $3,620. 'Here the clerk was already pai'd by his :
own Acknowledgment for all his actml services, ;
and yet some years afterwards the judge certifies
an account for constructive set vices amounting to
the extraordinary sum of$3,620.
Even in the Sttfte of'Pehrte'ylvania this di"nosi- '
tion to make a "per diem" allowance to cle k% for -
attendance in court-, wh£n the court was n« t m ;
ssesion, seems to have prevailed in the western \
•district. It appears by the report of the First i
Comptroller, m executivedocument1STo. 93 of this i
session, that the judge of the'western district of f
•Pennsylvania certified and allowed a "compensation I
'to his son for attendance as clerk, in open court i
•at five dollars a day for a period of nearly six j
ments against witnesses for contempt to the pro-
cess of the courts, but it cannot fail to strike any
one as a most singular feature of the administra-
tion of the laws in this district that the Govern-
ment is so frequently called upon to pay the costs
of these proceedings on attachment for contempt.
In the State of Louisiana, they have no law for
the taxation of attorneys'fees, and the district attor-
neys of Louisiana have claims against this 'Gov-
ernment for their services for some years past.
Mr. Bailhe Peyton received for his services for
three years as district attorney of Louisiana, up-
wards of $25,000. Mr. Downs, his successor for
about fouiteen months, received upwards of
$13 000 for his services. Mr. Durant, who 'suc-
ceeded him, received for two years #16,3*21 93,
and for three years, including the two J have just
named, he has received about $91,00(5, and he still
has a claim against this Government which hehas
urged with singular pertinacity, amounting to
over $30,000 more. The balance'upo'n his dlaim,
after receiving some $21,000 for thfee years ser-
vices, is now about $30,000 against the Govern-
ment. For similar services rendered in any State
in this Union, except in the States of New York,
Virginia, and California, these services would not
have amounted to one tenth part of what has
been certified and allowed by the court for his ser-
vices.
I will here allude to the celebrated cases of "Wil-
son and Crafts, tried with signal ability by a gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, who, I am sorry to
see, has this day vacated his seat on account of
sickness, [Mr. Rantoul.] These cases occupied
him for forty-three days in the examination of
ninety-three witnesses, and in making an argu-
ment, which reflected upon him great credit as a
lawyer. For his services during these forty-three
days he received thepaltryconsideration of $79 50
when the marshal claimed for his services in the
same cases six thousand and some odd hundred
dollars. With more time, 1 might go on and
enumerate many other evils proposed to be reme-
died by this bill. I will now very briefly, how-
ever, direct the attention of the House to the pro-
visions of the bill. First, in regard to the fees of
attorneys, solicitors, and proctors—attorneys in
courts of law, solicitors in courts of equity, and
proctors in admiralty. After having examined the
whole ground—after having carefully examined
the statutes of each State—after having had the
advice of many judges, and letters from some of
the most celebrated jurists of this country—after
having consulted with the judges of the Supreme
Court,' and *$Cfter having before us several bills
which had received the attention of the Judiciary
Committee of the Senate, and report of the Soli-
citor of the Treasury in 1848,and thereportsofthe
present Comptroller, it was believed by the com-
:mittee that'the fees allowed- to attorneys, under
j this bill, will be a just and fair compensation,
and, upon the whole, present about a fair average
for what is now allowed in most of the Slates. A
new provision has been adopted, similar to what is
in force in some of the States, increasing, in the
event of conviction in a criminal cose, the compen-
sation of the attorney. Another provision is intro-
duced into this bill to settle the cases of those at-
torneys, who are pressing their claims for a further
[ compensation from the Government, from the
States in which there is no fee bill for the taxation
i of costs. The bill provides, that those attorneys
! shall be paid for all the claims which they may
have against the-Government, in the last six years,
unless they may have already received compen-
sation for their services. Another provision ex-
tends a principle of the common law and the
statutory regulations of the different States for
the consolidation of actions to criminal causes.
The bill leaves the whole matter discretionary
with the courts. The multiplication of indict-
ments, and df process for the purpose of increas-
ing fees, has become an evil so enormous that it
seems necessary to introduce this principle of the
common law and the statutory regulations of the
States into the criminal laws of the United States;
and whenever several suits are prosecuted, which
should be consolidated, it is provided that the dis-
trict attorney of the United States shall be paid
but one bill of costs for all of them. And when-
ever vexatious suits or proceedings are instituted,
the court is authorized to impose the payment of
the costs on the attorney who occasions them.
The next provision of the bill contemplates the
correction of another great evil. When a criminal
, is to be removed from one district to another, as
' will be seen by reference to Conklins:ss Treatise,
i pages 405 and 406, in the State of New'York, the
' practice is to give a warrant to the marshal who
! is to remote the prisoner, a second warrant to the
1 marshal from whom he is to be received, and a
/"third warrant to be delivered to the marshal or
! jailor who'is to receive him. This accumulation
I'of costs is unnecessary and uselessly expensive,
j The bill is intended to prevent any such abuse.
| In'regard to clerk fees, the compensation al-
: lowed to clferks is regulated by the provisions of
! the act of Congress, February 28th, 1799, which
i adopts the fees allowed to the clerks of the supreme
' courts of the several States, with one third added
thereto. In many of the States the compensation
is too small, and the effect of the bill will be, in
such instances, to raise them, while in other States
it will very materially diminish them. One of the
| principal causes of the great increase in the judicial
i expenses of'the Government, is the itemizing of
i fees. Whenever a great number of items are
