1224
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 3,
T^he previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put. -
The question now was upon ordering the bill
to be engrossed and read a third time, upon which
the yeas and nays had been ordered.
The question was then taken, and the result
Was—yeas'91, nays 49; as follows:
YEAS Messrs Ahercrombie,W7illiam Appleton, Thom-
as H. Bayly, Barrere, Beale. Bell, Bocock, Bowie, Brings,
Albeit G. Brown- Thompson Campbell, Camer, Chandler,
Chapman, Chastain, Conger, Curtis, G'eorge T. Davis,
Doty, Duncan, Durkee, Evans, Fitch, Fowler, Thomas J.
D. Fuller, Gaylord, Gentry, Gihftore, Goodenow, Gorman,
IJaiper, Sampson W. Harris, Hart, Hobard, Henn, Hiliyer,
llolladay, Horsford, Howard, Thomas M. Howe," Thomas
,Y. How", tngersoll, Jackson, John Johnson, Robert W.
Johnson, J. Glancy Jones, Geoige G. Kin*,', Kulms, Kurtz,
Landry, Humphrey Marshall, Martin, M^sou, McCoiklc,
McDonaMj McNair, Meade, Millar, Million, Miner, Mor-
rison, Murphy, Nabers, Outlaw, Andrew Parker, Samuel
W. Parker, Porter, Powell, Puce, Sackett, Scudder, David
-L. Seymour, Origcn S. Seymour, Snow, Stanly, Alexander
H. Stephens, Stone. Strother, Sjveetser, Taylor, Geotge
W. Thompson, Thurston. Walbridge. Ward, Washburn,
Welch, Addison White, Alexander White, Wilcox, and
Williams—91. -
NAYS—Messrs. Willis Allen, Babcock, Buell, Busby,
Joseph Cable, Churchwell, Claik, Cleveland, Cobb, Cul-
lom, Daniel, John G. Davis, Dawson, Dimmiek, Eastman,
Fiekhn, Floyd, Giddmgs, Grow, Hall, Ishman G. Hairis,
Tlemhicks, Hibbard, Houston, John W. Howe, Ives, Jen-
kins, Andrew Johnson, George W. Jones, Mace, MeLan-
ahan, McQ.ucen, Morehead, Murray, Peasiee, Penmman,
Perkins, Polk, Robbins, Savage, Skelton, Smith, Benjamin
Stanton, Stratton, Stuart, Townshend, Watkms, Wildnck,
and Woodward—49.
So the bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and having been engrossed, it was
read the third time.
Mr. SACKETT moved to reconsider the vote
just taken, by which the bill was ordered to be
engrossed and read the third time, and to lay the
motion to reconsider upon the table; which latter
motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD. There has a large amount of
business accumulated upon the Speaker's table,
which, as every gentleman must see, it is very
necessary should be taken up and disposed of in
some way. 1 move that we do now proceed to
the business upon the Speaker's table.
Mr. SACKETT. I hope the gentleman will
not press that motion, at least until he allows this
bill to pass.
The SPEAKER. This being private bill day,
and there being private business upon the Speak-
er's table, reported by the Committee of the
Whole House, it is the opinion of the Chair that
the House is now engaged in its regular business,
and that the motion of the gentleman from Texas
[Mr. Howard] is not in order.
Mr. HOWARD. But the Chair will recollect
that to-day is Saturday.
The SPEAKER. But it is private bill day,
nevei theless.
The question was then taken, and the bill
passed.
Mr. ROBBINS. Is it in order to move that
the ii«!es be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
stale #f the Union upon the special order?
The SPEAKER. It is m oider.
Mr. ROBB1XS. I make that motion.
Mr. HOWARD. 1 demand the yeas and nays
upon that motion,
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I move that
the House do now adjourn.
The question wns taken,and the House refused
to ndjoum—ayes 52, noes 70.
Mr. ROBBINS. I now insist, upon my motion
to go into the Committee of the Whole on'the state
of the Union.
( Mr. McLANAHAN. I ask the gentleman
from Pennsylvania to withdraw his motion for a
single-moment.
Mr. ROBBINS. I am appealed to by several
gentleman round me not to withdraw the motion,
and with all due respect to the gentleman, I de-
cline.
Mr. FOWLER. I desire to inquire of the
Chair if it will be m order at this time to move to
go into Committee of the Whole on the Private
Calendar ?
The SPEAKER. If this motion be voted down,
it will then be in order.
Mr. FOWLER. la it not in order to make the
motion now*5
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman makes the
motion, the question rnus' be first put upon going
into Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, on the special order.
Mr. FOWJjER. Well, sir, I make the motion
now, so that It may come up if the motion to go
into Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union fail.
The SPEAKER. The motion will come up
if the pending motion be voted down.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. I inquire of
the Chair whether there are other bills upon the
Speaker's table which were reported from the
Committee of the Whole House on yesterday?
The SPEAKER. There are several other bills
upon.the Speaker's table.
. Tellers were demanded upon the motion to go.
into Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, but refused.
The question was then taken and the House
refused to go into committee.
Mr. FOWLER. I now ask for the question
on my motion, to go into Committee of the Whole
upon the Private Calendar.
Mr. DANIEL. I would suggest to the gentle-
from Massachusetts that there are only two bills
remaining upon the Speaker's table yet to be acted
upon. I hope he will withdraw the motion till
they are disposed of.
Mr. FOWLER. I am perfectly willing to do
so if we can go on with those bills.
The SPEAKER. They are the business regu-
larly in order.
Mr. FOWLER. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I move that
the House do now adjourn, and upon that motion
I ask for tellers.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Johnson, of
Arkansas, and Fowler were appointed; and the
question being then taken, the tellers reported—
ayes 62, noes 58.
Mr. STUART demanded the yeas and nays;
which were ordered; and the question being taken
the lesult was—yeas 56, nays 80; as follows:
YEAS—Aberciomhie, Willi? Alien, John Apple-
ton, David J Bailey, B^alo, Oh!I. Bocock, Bu-by. Thomp-
son Campbell, Carttor, Chandler, Chastain, Chngmau,
Conger, Culloin, Geoige T. Davis, Dawson, Dii'.miek,
Dot kory, J2a-tman, Edmund'un, Oa\ loid. Goodenow,
Grey, Hall, Hart, Henn, Jenkins, John Johnson, Robert W.
Johnson, Kurtz, Lamhy, Aiaee, Ma-.on, MciYair, McQueen,
Miner, JMoieliead, Muiphy, Mimay, Nabeis, Outlaw,
Samuel W. Parker, Powell, Scudder, Skelton, Snow,
Stone, Bweetser, Thurston, Towiii>hijnd, Ward, Addison,
White, Wilcox, Wildnck, Williams, and Woodwaid—.37.
NAYS—Ale^rs. William Applelon, Thomas. PI. Ba>ly,
Raneie, Rownc, Bragj;, Buggs, Albeit G. Biowu, ftutdl,
Cabell, Caskic, Chapman, Churchwell, Claik, Cleveland,
Cobb, Curti>, Darnel, John G. Davis, Doty, Duncan, IHn-
kee, Evan"*, Piekhn, Fitch, Fowler, Thomas J. D. Fullei,
Cidding-, Goodiich, Gorman, Grow, Hamilton, Harper,
Kham G. Hani-, Sampson W. Harm, Haw<, liebard,
Henciucks, Hibbard, Hill) er. Tlolladay, Ilotsloid, Houston,
Howard, John W. Howe, Thomas M. Howe, Thoina? Y.
How, ingeisoll, Ives, Jackson, Andrew Johnson, Geoige
W. Jones, J. Clancy Jones, Kuhns, Mann, McCoikle,
Mc-Lai.ahau, Aiendt-, Millei, Millnon, Morii>on, New-
Ion, Arul'ew Paiker. Pea^lee, Penniman, Perkins, Porter,
ivobbins, David 1;. Seymour, Onegen S. Sevmour, Smith,
Stanly, |jei!|ainin Stanton, Alexander H. Stephens, Stiat-
ton, fctiothi'i, Stuart, Ta\ ioi,Geoige W. Thompson, Wash-
bun., Waikn.s, and Welch—-fc>U.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. FOWLER. I now renew the motion to
go into Committee of the Whole on the Private
Calendar.
Mr. McMULLIN. If it is in order, I move
thai the rules be suspended, and that the House !
resolve u,se!finto the Committee of the Whole on |
the state of the Union upon the special order. !
The question was put, and the motion was not j
agreed to.
Mr. GAYLORD. I move that the House ad-
journ.
Mr. JOHNW. HOWE demanded the yeas
and nays; but they were not ordered.
The question was then put and the motion was
agreed to, and
The House adjourned till Monday next, at
twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
| Monday, May 3, 1859.
! Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. C. M. Butler.
; The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
j Senate a report of the Secretaries of the Treasury,
j of the Interior, of War, of the Navy, and the
| Postmaster General, in answer to a resolution of
j the Senate, calling for some plan of classifying,
i compensating, and appointing clerks in the several
| Departments; which was referred to the Commit-
I tee on Finance, and ordered to be printed.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. BRODHEAD presented four memorials of
citizens of Pennsylvania, praying a modification
of the bounty land law; which were referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Also, two memorials of citizens of the city and
county of Philadelphia, praying the establishment
of a national printing office; which were referred
to the Committee on Printing.
Also, a petition of citizens of Wayne county,
Pennsylvania, remonstrating against the extension
of Woodworth's patent for a planing machine;
which was referred to the Committee on Patents
and the Patent Office.
Also, the memorial of Joseph Hopkinson, pray-
ing to be allowed the difference between the pay
of a passed assistant surgeon and that of a fleet
surgeon, and surgeon, for the periods he per-
formed the duties of the latter grades in the East
India squadron; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. BORLANDpresented a petition of citizens
of Scott and Sebastian counties, Arkansas,remon-
strating against the extension of Woodworth's
patent for a planing machine; which was referred
to the Committee on Patents and the Patent
Office.
Also, a petition of citizens of Waldron, Arkan-
sas, praying the establishment of amail route from
that place to Fort Smith: which was referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. HAMLIN presented four petitions of citi-
zens of Bangor, Maine, praying the erection of a
fog-bell on the Monegan, and buoys on the Old
Man's Ledge, and the improvement of the Penob-
scot river; which were referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
Mr. SUMNER presented a resolution of the
Legislature of Massachusetts, in favor of a re-
duction of the rates of ocean postage; which was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr. FISH presented a petition of citizens of
New York, praying a renewal of Uii Emmons's
patent for a planing machine; which was referred
to the Committee on Patents and the Patent Office.
Also, the petition of Amelia Miller, widow and
legal representative of George S. Miller, praying
the appointment of a tribunal to Review the decis-
ions of the late Board of Commissioners for the
settlement of claims of American citizens against
Mexico; which was referred to the select commit-
tee appointed on the subject.
Also, five petitions of citizens of Greene county,
New York, remonstrating against the extension
of Wood worth's potent for a planing machine;
which were referred to the Committee on Patents
and the Patent Office.
Mr. MALLORY presented the petition of the
guardian of Ellen H. Wood, heir of James Hall,
deceased, praying for the bounty land and money
to which said Hall was entitled under the resolves
of September 16,1776, and May 15, 1778; which
was referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims.
Mr. WALKER presented a memorial of the
Legislative of Wisconsin, praying a grant of land
to aid in the construction of certain railroads in
that State; which was ordered to be laid on the
table.
Also, the petition of Frederick Rikow, praying
an increase of pension, and to be allowed the
amount of money of which he was robbed while
in Mexico; which was referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
Mr. UNDERWOOD submitted additional doc-
uments in relation to the petition of Leslie Combs;
which were referred to the Committee on Finance,
LABORERS ON THE CAPITOL.
Mr. BORLAND. Mr. President, I have been
requested topresentamemorial which makes a very
strong appeal, at least to my feelings. It is this:
To the honorable the members of the Senate andthe House
of Representatives of the United States:
We, the laborers, who were employed in working on the
Canitol, would agam most respectfully and mo^t earnestly
call your attention to our distressed condition. We humbly
bej: leave to make this truthful statement to you :
A large majority of us are fiom different pai ts of this coun-
try. We came to Washington, and went to work on the
Capitol under the belief that our'employment on the same
would last for yenrd. But so far fiom thi^ being the case, we
vveie thrown out of work on the 13th December last, and
were notagain employed until loth of April, and we now find
ourselves discharged; and that without giving us any pre-
vious notice, and that without any fault en our parts as far
