1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2©89
found in a fee bill, the ingenuity of officers claim-
ing compensation has been taxed to obtain a dou-
ble compensation for their services. Having in
some cases the right to claim compensation under
the acts of Congress, and in others under the stat-
utory regulations of the States, they charge some
items under one law, and some under another,
and thereby obtain a higher compensation than a
fair taxation of costs under either statute would
give them, in other instances they charge in ac-
cordance with some precedent or usage items of
costs which are not authorized by any statute.
These different modes for the taxation of costs,
create so much uncertainty, that the amoum of
compensation of the officers depends, to a great
extent, on their ingenuity in making out their bills.
There are necessarily several items of fees allowed
to the clerks of the courts; but it has been the
object of the committee to allow, as far as practi-
cable, a general compensation, instead of items.
The folio compensation allowed for entries and
copies is believed to be larger than is given in most
of the States. For making an index and other
general services upon thetrial where issue is joined
and testimony is given, there is a round sum
of $3 allowed to the clerk. This covers all the
services which the clerk will render in any case
cxcept those specified in the items of this bill. For
makingan indexand other general services in cases
where issue is joined and no testimony is given,
he is allowed $2.
In every case, for making an index and for
taxing costs, and other general services, where
there is a discontinuance, or judgment by default,
he is allowed $1. This compensation is given to
the clerks to cover the services performed which
are not enumerated in the other.items of the bill.
These three items, remunerating for general
services, afford a larger compensation for such
services than the State fee bills with one third
added thereto, whilst they effectually preclude
the accumulation of costs by any ingenious con-
struction . In equity and admiralty cases the labor
of the clerk is greatly diminished by the manner
provided for making up the record, and his services
are amply paid by the folio compensation. For
issuing a subpena we have allowed twenty-five
cents; and for the insertion of each additional name
after the first we have allowed fifteen cents—this
is equal to what is given in most of the States.
The marshal's fees remain pretty much as they
are under the act of 1799, except where the com-
mittee have inserted provisions to prevent known
abuses. The mileage of marshals, for serving
writs and subpenas, is increased from five to
six cents per mile. There are provisions intro-
duced into this bill to prevent the practice, under
existing laws, of issuing a separate subpena for
each witness, whereby costs are greatly increased.
The marshal, under the act of 1841, receives <£30
as the maximum of all his compensation for sum-
moning all the jurors to any one term of court.
It was'thought that this was but poor compensa-
tion. The bill before the House, however, raises
it up to a maximum of $50. In order that the
House may see how readily $100 are made by
very little service, let me instance a case. The
marshal makes the service by sending the writs of
venire to his deputies, who execute it, and charge
mileage from the place of - service to the place of
holding the court, and the writs are returned, as
they were sent, through the post office. The ser-
vice and mileage amounts generally to more than
§50; but the bill limits the charge to that sum. It
is readily perceived that there is but little travel
performed, and the mileage made through the
United States mail. The circuit and district
courts are usually held at the same time, and the
jurors for both courts are summoned at the same
time, and $50 charged on the venire to each court.
The maximum compensation of $50 allowed for
summoning thejurorstoonecourt—or $100 for two
courts held at the same time—in most instances,
the committee deem a full and adequate com-
pensation for the services of any marshal. The
other fees of the marshals are substantially the
same as have been established since the organiza-
tion of the judiciary system of this Government.
The marshal's fees on executions are regulated by
the laws of the States respectively; and this cannot
well be otherwise, because the process of execu-
tion follows the forms of executions in the several
'States.
The third section of this act is a copy of the
one hundred and sixty-seventh paragraph of the
appropriation act of 1842, under which marshals,
district attorneys, and clerks, are required to re-
turn annually to the Treasury of the United States
a statement of the emolument of their offices. The
marshal may receive a compensation not exceed-
ing $6,000; the district attorney not exceeding
$6,000; and the clerk of the circuit court and the
district court, a compensation not exceeding §3,500
each. Where the fees of either of these ministe-
rial officers amount to a sum greater than that I
have indicated, any surplus, after the payment of
the necessary expenses, goes into the public Treas-
ury.
I come now to the commissioners' fees. There
is no law at present regulating the fees of the com-
missioners. Indeed, in most of the States these
items are charged upon whatever law can be found
that gives the largest compensation, if the com-
missioner finds the State statute does not provide
a liberal compensation, he charges either $5 or$10
a day as a quantum meruit, for his services.
But in regard to commissioners, there are very
few State laws that afford any just or true estimate
by which their costs may be charged. We give
them a moderate compensation in this bill, and the
committee have proposed two amendments, which
will be read, which indicate the amount of fees to
be received by the commissioners under the treaty
with Great Britain and France, in regard to the
extradition of fugitives from justice.
Witnesses' fees we have raised from 25 to
$1 50, and we have done this, because before this
very Congress there are several applications of
witnesses brought from a distance to the criminal
court in this District, who have under oath testi-
fied to the Committee on the Judiciary that $1 25
was inadequate to pay their boarding and lodging
in this city. We have therefore raised the fees of
witnesses to ^1 50, and we have given the usual
mileage. We have made a provision in the bill
by which witnesses subpenaed to several cases to
the same courts shall have but one travel fee, and
one per diem compensation allowed for attendance.
Why, sir, in the State of New York, and in some
other States, a subpena is issued for each wit-
ness, and under the decision of the Attorney Gen-
eral a subpena was regarded as a writ, and $2
was charged for the service, and a ticket contain-
ing the contents of the subpena was left with the
person notified to attend the court, and fifty cents
was charged for it. The sum of $2 50 was there-
fore charged for the service of the writ of subpena,
beside mileage.
The committee have introduced into this bill a
clause that we think will effectually prevent this
abuse heieafter. They have also introduced a
very humane and salutary provision into the bill,
which is, when a witness is detained m prison,
and requires security for his appearance, he shall
he entitled to a compensation of one dollar per
diem over and above his subsistence. They have
also made provision for the payment uf such wit-
nesses as may be sent to this country to testify by
our foreign embassadors, charges, and consuls.
As to jurors' fees, the committee have raised
their compensation from $1 25 to $2 a day, and
regard this sum as little enough for the services of
any man who will attend the United States courts
generally held in our cities, where his boarding
and lodging will amount to the sum he now re-
ceives for his services.
In regard to printers' fees, there is no branch of
this subject into which there exists greater in-
equalities in the amount charged for services. The
diversity of compensation allowed to printers for
services rendered under orders of the courts of
justice is almost as great as it is under the fee bill
that regulates the compensation of marshals,
clerks, and district attorneys. We have intro-
duced into this bill a section, taken from the re-
vised statutes of the State of New York, page 739.
This compensation is not quite so large, but is
predicated upon the same principle with the com-
pensation paid by the Post Office Department to
those that do its printing. The bill further pro-
vides that no oilier or greater fees than those al-
lowed in this bill shall be received by any clerk,
attorney, marshal, or their deputies; and the re-
ceipt of any such illegal fees is made a misde-
meanor, and punishable by fine and imprison-
ment. In the State of California and Territory of
Oregon the officers of the courts, jurors, and wit-
nesses shall be allowed for the term of two years
double the fees and compensation allowed by this
act; and the same fees allowed by this act, with
fifty per ccnt., shall be added thereto for two years
next hereafter.
Another provision of the bill is, that before a
bill of costs shall be taxed by a judge or other
officer, or allowed by any officer, in favor of clerks,
marshals, or district attorneys, the party claiming
such bill shall prove upon his oath, or by some
other person having knowledge of the fact, that
the services charged therein have been actually and
necessarily performed.
We have made another provision in the bill. It
was the custom of witnesses in many districts
when served with a subpena in a cause, after they
had testified, to demand their mileage and daily
pay, and then to depart the court. This rendered
it necessary to serve a separate subpena in each
case in which his testimony was required. This
is a palpable defect in the law.
By this means witnesses got their mileage and
daily pay in each casein which they were subpenaed
before the court. A provision is made here to
guard theinterestof the United States in this behalf.
Witnesses shall be subpenaed to attend to testify
generally, and not depart the court without the
leave of the judge or districtattorney, under which
it shallbe their duty toappear before the grand jury
or petit jury, or both, as they shall be required by
the court or district attorney.
The fourth section in the bill provides for the
taking of false oaths, and the fifth section avoids
intermeddling with the fugitive slave law. An-
other important provision in this bill is this: that
all costs in cases where, by law, costs are recov-
erable in favor of the prevailing party, shall be
taxed by a judge or clerk of the court, and form
a portion of the judgment or decree against the
losing party. In cases in which the United States
is a party the marshal shall, on the order of the
court, pay the jurors and witnesses such fees as,
under the provisions of the bill, they may be enti-
tled to* to be allowed on the settlement of his ac-
count sat the Treasury. The certificate of the judge
is not necessary for the settlement of the accounts
of the marshals, clerks, commissioners, or district
attorneys, at the Tieasury Department. The
party claiming compensation from the Government
is required to \erify, by oath, his charges, and oil
a .fair settlement of his accounts at the Treasury,
shall be paid whatever may be due, under the
terms of this law. This plan is calculated to
relieve the judges of the courts and their ministe-
rial officers, as well as the officers of the Treasury
Department, from much unpleasant embarrass-
ment. I have been spoken to by more than one
of the judges of the United States Court, to adopt
some mode for the settlement of the accounts of
the officers of the courts by which they will be re-
lieved from the onerous and disagreeable duty of
taxing costsagainst the Government, a duty in the
performance of which they not unfrequently are
brought into unpleasant collision with the account-
ing officers. The clause in the bill to which I have
leferred, remedies this evil, and furnishes a better
and safer method of adjusting and payingthe min-
isterial officers of our courts, whatever claims they
may have against the Government.
These, sir, are the main and prominent features
of this bill. The bill is intended to operate as a
uniform system throughout theUnited States.
Now, I beg of the House to understand that it
is not the object of this bill merely to reduce the
fees of the ministerial officers of the Federal courts;
but to equalize their compensation for similar ser-
vices in every district in the Union. It would be
derogatory to the dignity of the Government to
pay an inadequate price for servi^.-s rendered;
besides it would be false economy and impolitic
to adopt a parsimonious system. Our object,
therefore, has been to prepare a bill that will e>
Ubhsh a uniform system for the taxation of costs;
to devise a law that will be explicit, definite, and
clear, so as to prevent all abuses growing out of
ingenious interpretations, and to cut off all con-
structive services, and all unnecessary prolixity
and useless forms; and thus, while it proposes to
diminish the labor of the officers of the courts, it
furnishes a just and liberal compensation for all
services necessarily performed by -them. The
passage of the bill, sir, will even do more than all
this. It will save some $20(5,000 annually to the
public Treasury, and it will prfevent " the pollers
and exactors of fees" from fleecing those whose
