THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 3,
Mr. HALE. Then I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out 1848," and inserting:
" 1852.'*
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I hope the amendment
will not be adopted. The nile adopted in the De-
partment, and carried out under existing laws, is
•to pvay the pensioner up to the time he completes
his testimony. The Committee on Pensions have
adopted that rule for themselves, and they agreed
in this case to give the pension up to ihe time
when the testimony was completed. I think the
rule is a fair and correct one, and that the pension
should be paid to the time when he ceascd to dis-
charge his duty. It is the duty of the pensioner
to show the time to which he is entitled to it. 1
hope the Senatorfrom New Hampshire will with-
draw his amendment'.
Mr. HALE. I make it to help the woman.
Mr. J0NE8, I wish to help her still more,and
I.hope the pension will be given for the full time.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. When this bill was be-
fore us- the other day, the chairman of the Com-
mittee oh Pensions did not view the rule which he
now states as that by which the committee had
been governed. The objection then, to all the
bills granting pensions, and which were laid over,
w&s, that we were about to make a different rule
from that which has prevailed in the Department.
Now, if it is understood that our action is to be
the same as that at the Department,! have not a
wotd of objection to make. The principal ground
of objection the other day was, that Congress was
makihg or applying one rule, and the Departments
another; the rule at the Departments being that
the pension shall take effect from the time the proof
is completed, and which I am willing to adopt. If
the gentleman shows that she completed her proof
on theday referred to in the bill, then it is all right.
Mr. HALE. I withdtaw my motion to amend
the amendment.
The amendment was ngreed to, the bill was re-
ported to the Senate as amended, and the amend-
ment concurred in.
Mr. ADAMS. I move to strike out the word
"widowhood," and insert the word " life," so
that the pension shall be during life.
The PRESIDENT. It is too late to make an
amendment now, as the amendment made in com-
mittee has been concurred in in the Senate. It
can only be amended by a reconsideration.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading.
RAILROADS INT WISCONSIN.
Mr. WALKER. I now move that the Senate
resume the consideration of the bill granting to the
State of Wisconsin the right of way and a dona-
tion of the public land for the purpose of locating
and constructing a railroad from Fond du Lac to
Janesviile.
Mr. HUNTER. I desire to know if the Sen-
ator will consent to lay the bill aside at one o'clock,
if it is not disposed of at that time.
Mr. WALKER. Certainly. It is not my in-
tention to go beyond that hour.
.The motion was agreed to, and the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the bill as in Commit-
tee of the Whole.
Mr. WALKER. All the amendments proposed
were agreed to on Thursday last.
Mr. SHIELDS. When the bill was under
consideration the other day, I desired some time
to prepare a sb'ght amendment. The bill, as it now
stands, proposes to aid in the construction of a
railroad from the boundary line of the State of
Wisconsin to Lake Superior; and I think there
can be no objection to that road. It runs through
an open and a very fine country. The amendment
which I propose is merely to extend the road from
the boundary line of Wisconsin to Chicago in Illi-
nois. As the Senate are aware, Chicago is a very
important point, and my proposition is merely to
continue the road for a short distance in my own
State to Chicago. I will offer my amendment,
statins: at the same time, that, as is well known to
the Senators from that section of the country, the
road will run through a portion of the country
where there is no public land,and that the amend-
ment only proposes the extension of the road to
the important point which I have named. I pro-
pose to add the amendment as an additional sec-
tion.
"That ttic said road be extended from the southern
boundary of the State of Wisconsin to the city of Chica-
go is the State of Ilhaoie, arid that the same rights and priv-
ileges be granted to the State of Illinois for that purpose,
as are already granted to the State of Wisconsin, and sub-
ject to the same restrictions, conditions, and limitations, as
those imposed upon the State ot Wiscoumh : Provided,
however, Thattne lauds for this purpose shall be selected in
the State of Illinois."
Mr. WALKER. I regret somewhat to see
this amendment offered, and would be glad if it
might be withdrawn. It is true that the design of
the amendment is, to extend this road from the
southern boundary of Wisconsin to Chicago, it
then operates as an extension of the Central Rail-
road from yourown State, Mr. President, through
Wisconsin to Lake Superior. This bill concerns
Wisconsin alone, and I could wish that nothing
else might be attached to it. Very nearly the
same amendment was offered to a bill on the sub-
ject of the Central Railroad, which 1 have named.
I was one who then helped Senators to defeat that
amendment, and 1 hope, as this only concerns the
Staieof Wisconsin, this amendment may be with-
drawn. Illinois has already had large grants
made to her; and although i do not believe this
bill so amended would give a single acre of land to
the State of Illinois, still it will look like it, and
may prejudice the bill. Illinois, as I said, has had
large giants, while Wisconsin has had nothing.
As the Senator from Illinois has remarked, the
road passes through an extent of country where I
do not believe there is an unsold acre of land that
will sell for five cents an acre. I cannot, therefore,
see the necessity of the amendment, and I am sure
the Senator does not wish to embarrass this bill.
The road will terminate in Chicago, at any rate;
but I believe it will be injurious, and even disas-
trous, to the State of Wisconsin, to have it termi-
nate outside of that State. It will have the effect
to dtam the State of its 'veiy marrow and vitality,
as it were; but the Legislature of Wisconsin have
acted in favor of the measure, and it is not for me
to oppose my wishes to theirs. I do, however,
sincerely believe it is an Illinois road, that it
pours into the State of Illinois, and takes from
the State of Wisconsin almost every interest she
has. 1 am, however, under instructions to aid
the passage of the bill,because the people of Wis-
consin are in favor of it. I must say that the
proposition seems to me to be calculated to embar-
rass the bill, though I have no idea that he designs
to prejudice it. On the other hand, I believe he
wishes it success, and I do also, for the reasons I
have stated; but its success will be more certain,
if the amendment is not incorporated in the bill.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will state one fact, which
may have some influence on the mind of the Senator
from Wisconsin with regard to this bill. When
I was first consulted with regard to this measure
by its friends, the bill proposed to extend the road
I to Chicago. As I happened to live there,and knew
! that there was not an acre of laud to be granted
to Illinois, and that probably the word " Illinois"
would raise a prejudice in the minds of some who
have supposed that Illinois was getting more than
she was entitled to, I suggested to strike out Illi-
nois altogether, and that if this road could be made
to Lake Superior, it must be made up to Chicago
without any aid, and that we do not need any.
And if we did, we could not get a particle by this
bill. As the bill does not help us at all, I still
think it will be better for our reputation not to
have the amendment attached to it, for we have
now too much of the feeling against us, that we
get bounties when we do not. In consequence of
these facts, I appeal to my colleague to withdraw
the amendment, although I admit it would be a
far more national road to have it so connected with
other roads as to terminate at Chicago.
Mr. SHIELDS. I certainly did not offer the
amendment with a view of embarrassing the bill.
On the contrary, I hoped it might give it some
little strength; in other words, that it would give
this road a connection with other great roads that
have been undertaken. Butas it is the opinion of
my colleague, as well as that of the Senator from
Wisconsin, that the name " Illinois" may preju-
dice the bill, and as I have no wish to embarrass
it, I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. BRADBURY. It would seem from the
remarks of the Senators from Illinois, that this
road is not an Illinois road, nor is it designed to
confer any substantial benefit on that State; and
the Senator from Wisconsin states that, in his
opinion, it must be prejudicial to the interests of
his State—in which opinion I think he is correct.
I therefore move that the bill be laid on the table!
Mr. BADGER. The amendment is with-
drawn.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on order-
ing the bill to be engrossed for a third reading.
Mr. BRADBURY. I understood the question.
The bill, as it would appear from the statementof
Senators, is one which will benefit nobody; and I
therefore hope that it will not pass.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from Maine
has moved that the bill be laid on the table.
Mr. BRADBURY. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Senator's comprehen-
pion of what I said is very imperfect, if he sup-
soses I said that this road will benefit nobody. I
said that the State of Illinois would not derive an
acre of land from the adoption of the proposed
amendment to the bill; and as I did not desire to
create the impression that we did get benefit, with-
out obtaining the reality-, I desired that the amend-
ment might be struck out. So far as the construc-
tion of a railroad from Chicago to Lake Superior
is concerned, it will be of immense benefit not
merely to my State, but to' all the Eastern roads
connecting with the Atlantic coast. The advan-
tage conferred will be immense; but so far as it
relates to a grant of land to Illinois, the bill will
not benefit that State to the value of a cent.
Mr. WALKER. I wish not to be misunder-
stood. I wish it to be understood that my opinion
is that this road will be most prejudicial to the in-
terests of my constituents, and I state it here now;
in order that when it shall be seen to be so, they
may know that was now my opinion. This road
is merely an extension of the great Northern and
Eastern route, and in supporting the bill now be-
fore the Senate, 1 am acting on the principle of
obedience to the people and Legislature of my
State, because I do not desire to set my opinion
up in opposition to theirs, although I am convinced
that it will be a sacrifice of their interests. I there-
fore hope that the Senator will allow the question
to be taken on ordering the bill to be engrossed.
Mr. BADGER. As I understand the honor-
able Senator from Wisconsin, he is decidedly of
the opinion that the bill will be injurious to his
State; though I learn that the people of his State
entertain a different opinion. Now, I am called
upon to vote upon a measure which the Senator
thinks will be injurious "to his State. I have the
greatest regard and the highest respect for his
State. I wish his State well; I wish it every good,
and no evil. I have more confidence in his opin-
ion on this measure, than in that of the Legisla-
ture; and as the question is to be determined, not
by wishes, but by considerations of actual good
or evil, I cannot give my vote for the bill. I there-
fore renew the motion made by the honorable
Senator from Maine, to lay the bill upon the
table. ' r
Mr. DAWSON. I wish simply to ask the
Senator from Wisconsin whether this railroad
route has ever been surveyed.
Mr. WALKER. It has; and something like
ninety miles of it are now under contract.
Mr. DAWSON. Is? that the whole extent?
Mr. WALKER. No, sir. Only ninety miles
are under contract.
Mr. HALE. I call the Senator to order.
Mr. DAWSON. There is no disorder in that.
Mr. HALE. I call both the Senators to order.
The motion to lay the bill upon the table was
not agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading.
THE DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. HUNTER. I now renew my motion to
take up the special order of the day.
The PRESIDENT. The special order comes
up as a matter of course.
Mr. ATCHISON. I hope that the special or-
der will be postponed, and that the Senate will
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
The PRESIDENT. Two motions cannot be
blended. The Senate must proceed to the consid-
eration of one at a time.
Mr. ATCHISON. I trust that the Senate will
vote down the motion for taking up the special
order, and that we may proceed to act on certain
Indian treaties in executive session.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator is aware that
the special order comes up without motion.
Mr. MANGUM. What is the order?
