2090
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 5,
faults or misfortunes have driven them into courts
of justice, and subjected them to the tender mer-
cies of the law.
I desire, Mr. Speaker, that the amendments to
the bill which are proposed by the Committee on
the Judiciary may be now read. They are as fol-
low:
1. Strike out twenty-third and twenty-fourth lines, and
insert: For each deposition taken and admitted as evidence
in the cause, $2 50.
2. Strike out in the twenty-fifth line the word u like."
ft. After the word i( district," in the thirty-ninth line,
insert: And to the place of any examination before a judge
or commissioner, of a person or persons charged with crime.
4. Strike out in line forty six the word " heretofoie,"
and insert: During the last six years.
o. Insert in line seventy-three, after the word "them:"
And if any attorney, proctor, or other person admitted to
manage or conduct causes in any court of the United States,
or of the territories thereof, shall appear to have multiplied
the proceedings in any cause before court so as to increase
costs unreasonably and vexatiously, such person may be
required by order of the court to satisfy any excess of costs
so increased.
6. In line one hundred and three, after the word u re-
port,"insert : For each folio fifteen (15) cents—and strike
out the word " or" and insert in lieu thereof: And for.
7. After line one hundred and twenty-eight insert: For
every search for each mortgage, judgment, or other hen,
fifteen cents.
8. In line one hundred and fifty-one strike out the word
" five," and in&ert six in lieu thereof.
9. After the word "excess," in line one hundred and
eighty-one, add: For serving an attachment in rem, or a
libel in admiralty, $2; and the necessary expenses ofkeep-
ing boats, vessels, or other property, attached or libeled in
admiralty, not exceeding #2 50 per day; and in case the
debt or claim shall be settled by the parties, without a sale of
the property, the niatshal shall be entitled to a commission
of one per cent, on the first $500 of the claim or decree,
aind one half of one per cent, on the excess over $500:
Provided* That, in case the value of the property shall be
less than the claim, then, and in such case, such commis-
sion shall be allowed only on the appraised value thereof.
1 10. Strike out from line two hundred and twenty-one to
two huhdred and twenty seven, inclusive, and insfit: The
respective courts of the United States shall appoint criers
for their courts, to be allowed the sum of $2 per day ; and
the marshals arc hereby authorized to appoint such a num-
ber of persons, not exceeding five, as the iudgee of their
respective courts shall determine, to attend upon the grand
and other juries, and for other necessary purposes, who shall
be allowed for their seivices the sum of {$2 per day, to be
paid by and included in the accounts of the marshal, out of
any money of the United States in his hands. The com-
genaation'to be given only for actual attendance 5 and when
oth courts are in session at the same time, to be paid but
for attendance on one court.
11. Judiciary Bill, House of. Representatives, No. 146,
Introduced January 29th, 1852:
Amend section third of the bill as follows : Strike out,.on
page twelve the last three words of the first hue, and the
whole of lines two to ten, inclusive ; and also the wonls
" the Interior," to wit: of line eleven strike out the words
" Treasury" in each of the. lines seventeen, thirtv-seven,
sixty-three, seventy tour, and eighty, and insert in Uie place
thereof, in each instance, The word "Inteiior."
Strike out the word* following: "A sum exceeding
$2,500 per year for any such," 111 lines fifty-three and fifty-
four.
Strike out lines one hundred and three, one hundred and
four, and one hundred and five, and the last four words of
line one hundred and two, and the first seven words in line
one hundred and six.
Strike out the word "said," in line one hundred and
twelve, and insert in the same, alter the word paragraph,
the following words, to wit: One hundred and sixty seven
of the civil and diplomatic appropriation act, approved May
18, 1842.
J2. Between lines one hundred and twenty-one and one
hundred and twenty-two, insert: For anendinu to a refer-
ence in a litigated matter, m a civil eau^e at law, in equity,
or in admiralty, in pursuance of an order of court, three
dollars per day.
13. New paragraph after line one hundred and twenty-
eight :
For issuing any warrant under the tenth ai tide of the treaty
Of the 9th August, 1842, between the United States and the
Queen of the United Kinadotn of Great Britain and Ireland,
against any person charged with anyofthecnmesoroffen5.es
set forth m said article, two dollars; and the same sum for
any warrant issued uudrr the provisions of the convention
for the surrender of criminals, between the United States and
the King of ihe French, concluded at Washington on the
6th of November, 1843; and for hearing and deciding upon
the case of any person charged with any offense or crime,
and arrested under the provisions of said treaty or conven-
tion, five dollar*- per day for the time necessarily employed.
14. In line two hundred and twenty, after the word
4< clerk," insert: Or their deputies; and in line two hun-
dred and twenty six, after the word " misdemeanor," in-
sert: And if any officer hereinbefore mentioned, or his
deputy, <«hall by reason or color of his office willfully and
corruptly demand and receive any other or greater fee? than
those allowed in this act, he shall, on conviction thereof in
nnv court of the United States, forfeit and pay a fine not
exceeding five hundred dollars, and be imprisoned not ex-
ceeding six months, at the discretion of the court before
whom the conviction shall He.
15 tn line two hundred and fifty-two, strike out the word
<( parol."
Mr. PHELPS. I want to offer an amendment
tp the bill now under consideration, to come in
after lines one hundred and six and one hundred
and Seven.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. I rise to a question
of order.
The SPEAKER. The amendments of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary must first be disposed of.
Mr. STANTON. I was going to inquire
whether the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr.
McLanahan] can retain the floor, and yield it to
the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Phelps,] to
offer an amendment?
The SPEAKER. He cannot, if it is objected to.
Mr. McLANAHAN. In justice to myself X
wish to say that it is not my intention to call the
previous question upon this bill. This bill will
bear discussion. I challenge discussion, and I
should like to hear the objections of any gentle-
man to it. I said before, sir, that it did not profess
to be perYect, but any general and uniform system,
for the taxation of costs, however bad it may be,
will be an improvement upon the present one.
Mr. PHELPS. I now offer the following
amendment, which I send to the desk, to come in
between lines one hundred and six and one hun-
dred and seven:
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Before that
amendment is received we will have it read, and
reserve to ourselres the right to object after it is
read.
Mr. PHELPS. Let the amendment be read,
and I will then briefly explain it. I suppose there
will be no objection to it.
Mr. LETCHER. Is it in order now to offer
amendments to any portion of the bill ? Will not
amendments be in order only when the bill is read
paragraph by paragraph, with the view to amend-
ment ?
The SPEAKER. The amendments reported
by the Committee on the Judiciary must first be
acted upon.
Mr. CLARK. Let us first hear this amendment
read.
Mr. LETCHER. Are not the amendments
proposed to be offered by the Judiciary Commit-
tee first in order?
The SPEAKER. They are the first in order.
The amendment of the gentleman from Missouri
cannot be received until the amendments of the
Committee on the Judiciary are disposed of.
Mr. LETCHER. I call for the reading of the
committee's amendments.
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to make a few remarks
in relation to the amendment I intend to offer, if
it is in order to discuss the bill now; and I ask
that it may be read as a portion of my remarks.
The Clerk then read the amendment as follows:
Add between lines one hundred and six and one hundred
and seven, on page five :
For recording each and every plat of survey when ne-
cessary to make a record complete, or for a copy or tran-
script thereof, made on request, or when necessary, twenty
cents.
For taking the acknowledgment of a deed, and certify-
ing the tame, which the clerks are hereby authorized to
take, or taking and entering the recognizance of a witness
Qr defendant, fifty cents.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. I desire to know if
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. McLana-
han] has surrendered the floor?
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands the
gentleman from Pennsylvania to have closed his
remarks.
Mr. STANTON. Then, if the gentleman has
surrendered the floor, I am satisfied.
The SPEAKER. Has the gentleman from
Pennsylvania surrendered the floor?
Mr. McLANAHAN. I have,
Mr. PHELPS. This bill provides that no
other fees shall be charged by officers named in
the bill than those that are specified therein. By
the laws of our State (Missouri) surveys are fre-
quently required to be made by order of the court.
These are made a part of the records of the cause
which may be on trial. I allude now to the land
cases, and the clerks are frequently required to
copy these surveys, and the plats which have
been made for the purpose of facilitating the cause
then pending in court. Now, without the adop-
tion of the amendment which I have offered, the
clerk will be entitled to no compensation for those
services. I am informed by the clerk of the cir-
cuit court for the district of Missouri that fre-
quently the expense of copying these plats is very
large; and in one instance the expense for copying
the plats which were used upon the trial of an
important land question, involving the title to a
portion of real estate in the city of St. Louis, the
expense amounted to upwards of fifty dollars; and
those copies having to go to the Supreme Court of
the United States, he could not obtain any person
to copy them for a less sum. My amendment
proposes to allow twenty cents for the copying of
the plats made by order of courts. There is an-
other amendment in connection with it, which 1
propose.
By the laws of Missouri the clerks of the court*
not only of the State, but also of the United States
court, are authorized to take acknowledgments of
deeds, which are valid by the laws of that State.
The clerks of those courts have been in the habit
for years past of receiving fees for that service,
and yet in this bill it is provided that they shall
receive no other fees than such as are therein spe-
cified. My amendment simply provides that a fee
of fifty cents should be allowed for taking each of
these acknowledgments. Having thus briefly ex-
plained my amendment, I shall offer it whenever
it is in order.
Mr. BOWIE. I beg leave to offer an amend-
ment of which I gave notice yesterday. It is as
follows:
Provided, That nothing in this act contained shall extend
or apply to the fees, costs, and charge*! of the district attor-
neys, clerks, and marshal's of the United States, in the cir-
cuit and district courts of the United States, in the State of
Maryland, or District of Columbia.
Mr. HOUSTON. Has the morning hour ex-
pired ?
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. HOUSTON. I believe there is amotion
pending to recommit this bill.
The SPEAKER. Yes, a motion is pending.
Mr. LETCHER. I think we should hear the
amendments of the Committee on the Judiciary
read, so that we may know what they are. I ask
that they may be read.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mary-
land [Mr. Bowie] is entitled to the floor unless
arrested by a privileged motion.
' Mr. HOUSTON. Unless the gentleman yields
the floor.
Mr. BOWIE. I suppose I shall have the floor
whenever this bill comes up.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then I move that the rules
be suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Phelps in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of House bill No. 196, making appro-
priations for the civil and diplomatic expenses of
Government for the year ending the 30th of June,
1853, and for other purposes.
Mr. PHELPS here temporarily vacated the
chair, (Galling Mr. Cartter thereto,) and offered
the following amendment, to come in after line
six hundred and thirty-seven, viz:
For completing the marine hospital at St. Louis, Mis-
souri, ^21,251.
Mr. P. said: I was under the necessity of ask-
ing the indulgence of the committee to permit me
to leave the chair and offer this amendment, as it
relates to a matter within my own State, although
not within my district, and none of my colleagues
were present to propose it. I hold in my hand a
letter from the Secretary of the Treasury, stating
that the sum of §21,251 is needed for the purpose
of completing the marine hospital located at St.
Louis. There is a vast amount of commerce at
the city of St. Louis, and a great many sailors are
left there sick and destitute. The course of trade
necessarily makes it so, for the boats which are
engaged in navigating the Ohio river go no further
than St. Louis, where a reshipment of goods
takes place to go up the Missouri, Mississippi,
and Illinois rivers, and the boats engaged in run-
ning to New Orleans seldom go above the city of
St. Louis on the Mississippi river, and the goodg
are reshipped. In consequence of this, sailors are
frequently left at St. Louis sick, and they cannot
be provided for unless they are taken into the
hospital. A large amount of money has been ex-
pended by the citizens of St. Louis for the relief
of these sick and disabled boatmen. Persons en-
gaged in western commerce are all required to
pay twenty cents per month towards the hospital
fund. I have before me a letter from the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, stating the amount of money
