1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1227
The PRESIDENT. The deficiency bill.
Mr. ATCHISON. I move to postpone the fur-
ther consideration of that bin?
Mr. MA.NGQM. i hope the Senator will not
press that motion. The Indian treaties are cer-
tainly of importance, but they cannot be of so
much importance as to render it a consideration of
any consequence whether they are discussed to-
day or next week; but the deficiency bill is of im-
mediate importance, and should be acted on at
once. I hope it will not be postponed. The pub-
lic service is suffering from delay; and really,
without any reference to party connections of any
sort or description, as it is a question in which the
"whole country is interested, I trust it will betaken
up at once.
Mr. ATCT41SON. I am aware that the defi-
ciency bill should have been passed a week ago.
I admit the necessity of its passage, but I cannot
see any end to that bill. I can assure the Senator
from North Carolina, although it may not be
proper to give the reasons in open session, that it
is highly important that the Sioux treaty should
be acted upon, and that immediately. I am urged
by the Delegate from Minnesota, and by Repre-
sentatives from Iowa and Wisconsin, on this sub-
ject; and I receive letters daily containing the pro-
ceedings of public meetings in relation to this
matter; and I have letters, also, from the Superin-
tendent of Indian Affairs, and Indian agents, all
urging action upon this treaty. It is important
that the treaty should be acted upon, whether it
be ratified or rejected, that the people of that sec-
tion of the country may know what to depend
upon.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope that the motion for
the postponement of the special orderwili not pre-
vail. I have received numerous letters, urging
immediate action on it a week ago. With refer-
ence to the argument used by the Senator from
Missouri, [Mr. Atchison,] I would reply, that
these Indian treaties may occasion debates, and no
one knows how long they may continue.
The question was then taken on the motion to
postpone the consideration of the special order;
and, on a division, there were—yeas 13, nays 22.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The Senate then resumed, as in Committee of
the Whole, the consideration of the bill from the
House of Representatives, to supply deficiencies
in the appropriations for the service of the fiscal
year ending the 30rh of June, 1852—the pending
question being on the amendment proposed by the
Committee on Finance, as follows:
For additional compensation for increasing the trans-
portation of the United States mail between New York and
Liverpool, m the Collins line of steamers, io twenty-six
trips per annum, at «:uch timed as shall be directed by the
Postmaster Genet al, m conformity to lus last annual report
to Congress, and hi* letter of tiie 15th of November last, to
the Secretary of the Navy, commencing said increased ser-
vice on the l?t of January, 1853, at the ratf> of $3.?,000 per
trip, m lieu of the present allowance, the sutn of $236,500."
Mr. RUSK. I ask the indulgenceof the Senate
while I make a few remarks on the pending amend-
ment, which I regard as very important. In doing
so, I shall be as brief as possible.
The question does not concern merely the con-
tinuance of the Collins line of steamers, but it in
reality involves the issue, whether we shall con-
tinue or abandoa the system of ocean mail steamers
altogether. It is very evident to me that the op-
position to this amendment is not so much to the
increase of service upon this line, as it is to the
whole policy of ocean mail steamers.
I think the Senator from Virginia [Mr. Hunter]
has not brought to its consideration his accustomed
fairness, but has raised against it the cry of " mo-
nopoly," " protection," and other arguments of
the same claps. The subject has been treated with
reference solely to one of the objects which Con-
gress had in view in adopting this policy, and has
been considered merely as a means of making or
of losing money.
At the time when this policy was adopted, in
1845, the British Government, as is well known,
had been for some time engaged in the contract
system, not merely for the purpose of conveying
the mails to different countries, but at the same
time—and perhaps this was the most important
object in view—to provide, ^t a cheaper rate than
it hud hitherto been possible to do, a strong steam
navy in case of war, as well as to extend her com-
merce, which has always been the chief element
of her great prosperity and power. The argu-
ments made use of at the time the law, under which
this contract was made, was passed, were the ne-
cessity for providing means to carry the mails,
facilitate intercourse with Europe, extend ourcom-
merce with other nations, and also to provide a
cheap and reliable arm of defense on the ocean in
case of war; and, it seems to me, that unless these
propositions are met, and it he shown that this
line has failed to effect the objects proposed, the
argument in opposition to it becomes a failure.
One charge, and perhaps the most grave one, in
the mouths of the opponents of a republican form
of government is, that it is unstable, subject to
sudden changes, and incapable—dependent as it is
upon the popular will—of pursuing any steady
system of national policy. Are we now to make
good this charge ? This system has been adopted
after mature deliberation, and is intended to ac-
complish great national objects, and has been m
operation but a little over two years. Scarcely
any policy, in so short a time, ever gave promise
of such great results; and,with an overflowing
Treasury, we are asked suddenly to abandon it,
without giving it anything like a fair trial. Such
a course, I think, would be unwise. There is no
monopoly in this matter; and to set at rest that
objection, I will read a section or two of the law
under which this contract was made:
"That the Postmaster General of the United States he,
and he is hereby authorized, under the instructions and pro
vwoij* of the exi.-ting IrtW.s, to contract for the trr*n-poua
tion of the United States mail between any of the ports of
the United States and a pott or ports of any foreign Power,
whenever, in his opinion, the public interests will thereby
bo promoted ; and it shall be his duty to report to the next
ensuing Congress a copy of each of said contracts, with a
statement ot the amount of postage derived undfM the same,
as far as the returns of the Depatuneiit will enable bii;i to
do. And such contracts may be mad'1, if it shall appear to
the Po-tmaster General to be lequired by the public interest,
for any greater period than four years, and not exceeding
ten years.
" And be it farther enacted, That the Postmaster General
shall, m all cases ot offers to contract lor carrying the mail
between any of the ports of the United States and any (or-
eisrn port or place, give the preference to such bidder lor the
contract as shall propose to cairy tne mail in a .-team ship
or ships, and the said contractor stipulating to deliver said
ship or ships to the United States, or to their proper officer,
upon demand made, for the purpose ofbein« converted into
a vessel or ves-sels of war; the United States being bound,
on their part, to pay to said owner or owners the fair, full
value of every such ship or ves-sel, at th« time of s-uch de
livery; said value to be ascertained by four appraisers to be
appointed, two by the President of the United States, and
two by the owner or owners-} and m ca*e of diongiee-
ment among said apprai-u-is. the President of the United
States to select and appoint an umpire, who shall fix the
value.
That law exhibits no partiality for any partic-
ular company. There is nothing like a monopoly
established. The law leaves the contract open to
capital and enterprise, wherever found, instead of
being confined to any particular section or place.
As the Senator will recollect, (for I believe he was
a member of the other House at the time,) a good
many other reasons were urged and deemed to be
conclusive, in favor of the adoption of the policy
in question by the Government of the United
States. Some ten years previous to that time, the
British Government had established several lines
of mail steamers, under what is called the contract
system. They had contracted with a company
to carry the mail between Liverpool and Boston,
at a high rate of compensation. The result of
the operation of that system was to take all the
mail matter from sailing vessels, to take all the
traveling and a consider tble portion of the freight
of light and valuable articles of merchandise; and
from calculations made at the time this law was
under discussion, it appeared that the " Cunard
line," as it is called, not only paid back to the
Treasury the amount received on the contract, but
also the additional sum of §5,286,800, in the shape
of net revenue to the Government, within six
years after us establishment.
Mr. HUNTER. Will the Senator be good
enough to mention his authority for that statement r j:
I have frequently heard it made before. !,
Mr. RUSK. It is contained in the speech of jj
Mr. King, a member of the House of Representa- I
tives some years ago, founded upon statements
obtained by him from the postmaster at Boston, j;
Mr. HUNTER. I suspect that is a mistake. i!
I called at the Post Office Department this morn-
ing, and could find nothing of this kind. They
have no data to show the amount received by the
British Government.
Mr. RUSK. I do not apprehend that there
was any mistake. That was the amount deriva-
t ble from the single item of postage alone; and if
j the Senator will teffect for a moment on the num-
j ber of letters which passed between this country
and England in the Cunard steamers, and the
! enormous sum charged on them /or postage, he
1 will, 1 think, perceive that there could be very
j little, it any, mistake in ihe amount stated. Mr.
\ Kmg investigated this, subject very fully, and ob-
tained all the information m his power relative to
the number of letters received and dispatched by
those vessels. That statement went into a report
then, has since appeared in another feport, has
met with no contradiction from any quarter, so
far as I know, and I think it is to be relied on.
There was another matter that entered into the
discussion on this subject, and that was, that the
Cunard line had the monopoly of all the travel,
and of a large portion of the carrying trade be-
tween this country and Great Britain. On that
subject tiiere is no mistake. We had no steam
marine; we had nothing then that could be com-
pared with the Cunard ships in accommodation
for travelers; and the result was, that every indi-
vidual who desired to go from this country to Eu-
j rope, by steam, paid for his passage in the Cunard
line; and all who had freight to pass between the
two countries, which required rapid dispatch, paid
for it at the prices of that line. By these means
we were furnishing an active capital, transporting
it from our own citizens to the pockets of British
subjects, and, at the same time, encouraging the
latter in the establishment of a strong steam ma-
rine. But this was not all. The British Govern-
ment had, at that time, and had had for several
years, a contract with another company, called
the " West India and Gulf of Mexico Company,"
to which they were then paying, and have contin-
ued to pay annually since, §1,200,000per annum,,
or within $200,000 of the entire amount that we
pay for all the lines that we'have at this, time.
The ships of this Jine, built suitable for war pur-
poses, strong atid substantial, the best ships in the
contract service, were visiting our ports constantly.
That line was to consist of twenty ships. They
visited Mobile, then Orleans; and, in fact, we
were dependent upon them for our intercourse with
the neighboring country of Mexico. They were
visiting our coasts constantly; and who does, not
know that every British officer and seaman, where-
! ever he stops, is on the look-out for all trie infor-
' mation which maybe made available to his coun-
try in time of war? What was our condition,
then ? Sailing \essels were beginning to be super-
seded by steam; and whether the steam-ships re-
ferred to would have answered for war purposes
or not, one thing is very certain, their celerity of
motion would have enabled them to keep out of
1 danger; and in case of any rupture between Great
Britain and this country—and our defenseless .con-
, dition would have been the strongest inducement
| to such a rupture, if she had had any national ob-
: ject to accomplish—what would have been the con-
dition of our Southern coast? Every city there
I would have been liable to be burnt at the shortest
notice. This state of affairs required that we
should put ourselves in a condition for defense;
and, in order to effect this, we had to do one of
two things: we were obliged to strengthen our
steam marine, by adopting the ocean mail-contract
system; or by adding, at an immense cost, to our
steam-navy proper, a large additional number of
steam-ships. The experience of Great Britain on
the subject, had shown that the contract system
was better than the construction of ships for the
navy proper; that it was less expensive, and that,
at the same time, it produced equally as good, or
perhaps better, vessels, and furnished them with
a large number of engineers, who could be em-
ployed in managing vessels of that description in
time of war.
Under these circumstances this contract was
made. Who at that time supposed, when the Brit-
ish had had ten years the start of us, that we should
be able, within two years after this man Collins
and his associates made thecontract, even to com-
pete with the British line, with its immense capi-
tal, its immense Government pay. and ten years
experience! Who ever imagined it! No man
was found daring enough to hazard such an opin-
ion. The man would have been considered1 as
visionary then who would have said, that in two
yea'*s " you would bear off the pafm from your
adversary who has always boasted of being the
mistress of the seas, and that even she would
