816
THE''CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 20,
sembie, should so appropriate thevmoney, and direct you to
 ay it; you would of course comply. I replied * that I
could not; that I had instructions from the Treasury De-
partment to guide me as disbursing agent, and that I would
not be permitted to plead an act of the Legislature in ex-
cuse for the illegal disbursement,of the money in my
hands." . ., ^ .
I had no other conversation with Governor Young which
could possibly have suggested to his mind the idea of
making such a charge against me.
There are other misstatements m thelctters of Governor
Youno and Mr. Bernhisel equally gross and untrue; but as
they do not relate to me alone, I do not deem it proper to
refer to them more paruculaily in this communication.
I have the honor to be, with the highest regard, your most
obedient servant, B. D. HARRIS,
Secretary of Utah Territory.
Washington, January 1852*
On motion by Mr. HOUSTON, the communi-
cation was ordered to lie on the table and be
printed.
MEXICAN INDEMNITY.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the President of the United
States, covering a letter from the contractors for
paying the installment of Mexican indemnity due
on the 31st of May next.
On motion by Mr. HOUSTON, the communi-
cation was referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of theUnioh.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Jones, of Tennessee, in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN. The first business before
the committee is the annual message of the Presi-
dent of the United States.
Mr. HOUSTON, (interrupting.) But I think
that under the rules of the House governing the
committee, I have the right to move to take up any
appropriation hill, or any bill for the purpose of
executing; a treaty.
The CHAIRMAN. That is the rule.
MEXICAN INDEMNITY BILL.
Mi*. HOUSTON. I move, therefore, to take
up the bill to provide for carrying into execution,
in further part, the twelfth article of the treaty with
Mexico, concluded at Guadalupe Hidalgo.
The bill i^as follows, viz:
Beit enacted, #c., That the sum of #3,180,000 be, and
the *ame is hereby appropriated, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appioprialed, for the paymonf of
the installment and interest which fall due on the 30th of
May. 18.V2, under the twelfth article of the treaty between
tlic' iJmted ^tato and Mexico. made and concluded at
Guadalupe Hidalgo, on the 2d of February, 1818.
Mr. McMULLIN. Tt is, perhaps, unfortunate
for me that I am entitled to the floor, particularly
as I have not given this subject that consideration
which its importance demands; and I shall not
occupy the time of the House but a very few mo-
ments. I have already effected the object with
which I originally set out—that of calling the
attention of the House and of the country to this
particular case. At the last Congress this sub-
ject, or rather a bill providing for the payment of
the Mexican indemnity, was before the House.
It was my misfortune then to differ with several
gentlemen, and with my honorable colleague,
[Mr. Bayly,] who was then the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means, and with whom
it is at all tunes painful to me to differ. 1 am sure I
need not say one word to my colleague with a
view to reconcile linn to the course which I have
taken in reference to this matter. That gentleman
knows full well that there are but few men, if any,
upon this floor, whose capacity and efficiency as
a legislator I appreciate more highly than his.
But I thought then, as I think now, that there
was something wrong in relation to the payment
of this Mexican indemnity. I understand, sir,
that this subject will be discussed at some length,
and my object is simply to call the attention of
the House to the fact, that in the payment of the
last Mexican indemnity, there was a loss to this
Government of some sixty, or eighty or one hun-
dred thousand dollars, because of the manner in
which that payment was made; in other words, if
the. payment had been differently made—made
by agents who proposed to make it, other than
Corcoran & Riggs, and those British bankers,
there would have been a saving to the American
Government of some sixty or eighty thousand
dollars. Now, it is not my purpose to reflect
upon the Committee of Ways and Means of the
Thirty-first Congress, nor is it my purpose to
cast any reflections whatever upon the Committee
of Ways and Means of this Congress. But I
wish to say, sir, that it is a subject worthy of the
consideration of the Committee of Ways and
Means, and of their investigation, to see whether
or not a saving could be made to this Government
in the manner of payment of this indemnity. _
But, Mr. Chairman, I hold also, that if it is
practicable to negotiate this payment, so as to
save the sum, which I presume can be saved to
the Government, and at the same time accommo-
date Mexico, it is the bounden duty of this Gov-
ernment to do it. My understanding was, during
the last Congress, that the Mexican Government
desired the payment to be made to them otherwise
than through this channel by which it was pro-
posed to be made. X presume, if you look into
the facts of the case, you will find that the Mex-
ican Minister, then in the city of Washington,
protested against the payment of the indemnity ill
the manner proposed. I shall not stop, sir, to
inquire into the amount which was made hereto-
fore by these British bankers and Corcoran &
Riggs. That is a matter with which I have noth-
ing to do; but there is one point of view in which
1 desire to examine this subject. It was con-
tended by the Committee of Ways and Means of
the last Congress, and by you, sir, as one of that
committee, and also by my honorable colleague,
[Mr. Bayly,] then chairman-of the Committee of
Ways and Means, and perhaps by others, that
Congress had no right thus to negotiate the pay-
ment, without another treaty. Now, Mr. Chair-
man, I do not profess to be versed in constitutional
law, nor do I profess to be versed in laws growing-
out of treaty obligations and'stipulations. But i
do profess to know a little something about ordi-
nary and common-place transactions. Sir, will
you tell me, or will my honorable colleague, or
! any other member upon this floor, tell me, and
i stake his reputation upon that issue, that if the
] Mexican Government, through her duly-consti-
! tuted agent in the city of Washington, indicates
j her purpose to receive the payment of the indem-
! nity, or the amount due to her, from the legally-
! constituted agent of the American Government,
and that a payment thus made at the instance of
the Mexican Government, through the agency and
instrumentality of the Mexican Minister, would
not be valid in law ? I know that such an opinion
is entertained. Now, with due regard to the
opinion of my colleague, [Mr. Bayly,] and others,
who differ with me upon this subject, I undertake
to say that if you submit this question to the
American people, as a practical, plain, common-
sense people—and this being a common-sense
view of this question—they would decide that if
the payment had been thus made, there would
have been the end of it. In reference to the as-
saults made upon my colleague [Mr. Bayly]
through the newspapers, I have nothing to do.
I now desire, Mr. Chairman, to address myself
more particularly to the chairman of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, [Mr. Houston.] I de-
sire that gentleman and his committee to investi-
gate this point m the case. Has the American
Congress the authority, by the sanction of the
Mexican Government, ana her legal agent and
representative here, the right to direct how this
payment shall be made? In the investigation of
this subject.we are met my my honorable col-
league [Mr. Bayly] and others with this view of
the case: If you undertake to direct the payment
of this indemnity otherwise than as provided for
by the treaty stipulations, you will throw a re-
sponsibility upon an irresponsible source. In
other words, it was contended, as it is contended
now, that the Executive Department of this Gov-
ernment, as the treaty-making power, must see to
the payment of this money. Now, I ask the
gentleman at the head of the Committee of Ways
and Means, if the Mexican Government shall
agree to receive this indemnity by means of any
other agent or agents than Corcoran Sf Riggs,
, and those British bankers, by which the Mexican
i Government shall save one or two hundred thou-
j sand dollars, and the American Government some
i sixty or eighty thousand dollars, whether it is not
i competent, without calling for another treaty, thus
j to provide for the payment of the money? To
I my mind it is competent for the Government to
pay off thdt indemnity in the manner suggested,
without any other treaty.
Mr. HOUSTON. I will give the gentleman
my opinion. I have no question of the power of
Congress, if they shall see proper, to instruct as
to the mode and manner of malrfhg this payment.
I have no question but Congress has the power
to direct the President in the manner the payment
shall be made, if they shall see fit so to act. The
position I took was, that unless some gentleman
\ will say that the President of the United States,
' or the authority making the payment, has done
so improperly, corruptly, or fi-audently, we have
nothing to do with the manner of payment. We
ought to doourdutybypassingtheappropriation,
and leave to the Executive the responsibility
*hich, under the law, rests upon him, in execu-
ting fairly the laws passed by Congress. I have
no doubt about the power of Congress. Charges
are talked about without there being anything
brought forward, anything tangible. If the gen-
tleman will say that the President or Secretary of
State are guilty of fraud or corruption, then it is
not only in the power of Congress, but the duty
of Congress, to control their action.
Mr. McMULLIN. The chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means has conceded a little
more than I expected he would have done, but
still he desires that some gentleman shall come
forward and do—what? Charge that thereis cor-
ruption or impropriety on the part of the Execu-
tive Department of the Government. Can the
chairman of Ways and Means tell me that that
is the duty of every member of this House, unless
they are satisfied that corruption really exists?
No, sir; but any member of this House has the
right to ask that payment of the indemnity shall
be made differently than that proposed bytheEx-
' ecutive, if it shall go to the saving to the Govern-
i ment of the United States of a large amount of
! money, without charging corruption.
Mr. HOUSTON. With the permission of the
gentleman from Virginia, I will say this much
further in illustration of the position I have taken—
that if the President of the United States, in the
execution of the law which we may pass for ap-
propriation, shall fail to protect the Government
of the United States and all its interests m making
that payment, or if he shall put it into the power,
by the manner in which the indemnity is paid, of
the bankers of this country, of England, or of
j France, or anywhere else, to impose upon Mexi-
; co, then I say he has not acted properly in the
j discharge of his duty. That is what I mean. If
| the case is presented, that the President of the
United States could have saved by a different
| mode of payment, or that he could now save any
; amount of money to the Treasury which he other-
wise would let go into the hands of private itidi-
I viduals or companies, or has made his arrange-
j ments understanding^ so as to enable Mexico to
1 be fleeced by American citizens or others, then
\ the President of the United States has not dis-
i charged his duty.
! Mr. McMULLIN. Well, Mr. Chairman,
such have been the charges preferred against the
President of the United States outside of this
House through the papers, and also against the
Cabinet, who are concerned in this matter. It de-
mands investigation.
! Mr. CABELL, of Florida. I will ask the gen-
! tleman from Virginia [Mr. McMcllin] to state
' by whom these charges have been made here to
justify the action of this House.
' Mr. McMULLIN. I did not state that they
j had been made upon the floor of the House of
Representatives, but I stated they have been pre-
1 ferred in the newspapers.
; Mr. DISNEY. With the permission of the
I gentleman from Virginia, I would like to address
a word to the chairman of the Committee of
; Ways and Means, [Mr. Houston.]
1 Mr. McMULLIN. Certainly, sir.
1 Mr. DISNEY. As I understand it, this whole
] affair is simple in its character and easily to be ar-
rived at. Charges have been made in the public
i prints of this city, that while the Mexican Gov-
j eminent, through its accredited Minister here,
! expressed its willingness and desire to have this
i money paid here upon thedraft of theMexican Gov-
1 ernment, and thus to consult at once the wishes,
1; interest, and policy of the Mexican Government,
l| as well as the pecuniary interest of the United
  States, it was the pleasure of the Executive De-
