1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
.air
partment to make different arrangements. Now,
nothing could "be easier than to arrive at correct
information m reference to the truth or falsity of
these charges; and I now suggest it to the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means, that
without the adojtfion of a formal resolution by the
House, that upon his own motion he go to the
Secretary of State, and inquire into the actual
facts connected with this matter, and then, being
possessed of all information, he can stand upon
the floor of the House, and meet all of these state-
ments with official and authoritative information.
It will, perhaps, be said, as it in point of fact has
been stated, that Mr. Webster has already made
the statement. I do not so understand it. By a
careful reading of the reply of Mr. Webster in
connection with the allegation, you will find that
it does not meet the charge. If the charges be
true, that written reply and formal communication
of the Secretary of State was an evasion of the in-
quiry. I repeat, then, that it is easy to find out
the truth of all these matters. Oo not let gentle-
men stand up without any authority or informa-
tion of the actual facts. But, as I have said, let
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means go and possess himself directly, immedi-
ately, and personally, with regard to them. I make
the suggestion.
Mr. HOUSTON. The suggestion of the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Disney] is so very singular
it is proper that I should respond to it. That gen-
tleman, as I understand, was. a member of the last
Congress when this difficulty grew up. I am sure
that he is too observant a member and too intelli-
gent a gentleman to let anything pass of this kind
without himself knowing as much in regard to it
as any other member of this body. Then I ask,
Mr. Chairman, why it is that he has not presented
to the House of Representatives a resolution call-
ing for this information ? it cannot be expected,
because such has not been the custom—such is in
conflict with the usages of this House—that I
should go, upon my own mere motion, and pri-
vately obtain information which this House was
desirous of possessing—information which was to
sustain or defeat the grave charges or insinua-
tions against a high public functionary of the
Government. The universal rule has been to make
your call for it. The gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Bayly] states that the call has been made and
answered; and my friend from Ohio [Mr. Dis-
ney] says that it is a practical evasion. Then, if
it be true that it was an evasion upon the part of
the Secretary of State, that he did not fairly and
frankly respond to the call of the House at the
last session of Congress, how easy would it be for
my friend from Ohio, or for any other member
who believes that corruption exists, or that impro-
priety has been practiced upon the part of the
President of the United States, or his Secretary,
to frame a resolution to meet the evasions, and to
get the information in that way? In order to ob-
tain official information in a different way, I must
go upon my own mere private responsibility, and
then make a statement to the House of my recol-
lection of what the Secretary of State might tell
me. It might be that I would misunderstand him,
or it might be that he would misunderstand me,
and in that way discrepancies would arise. Wow
the House have the authority to call upon any De-
partment of the Government for that knowledge;
and if the information is called for in the right
manner, the President of the United States and
the Secretary of State are bound to respond to the
call. In that way the information touching this
most important subject can be officially laid before
the House. Tf the gentleman chooses to present
a resolution of that sort, or any other gentleman, 1
shall go for its adoption.
Mr. DISNEY. The honorable chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means talks about the
singular suggestion I made to him. Now, one word
bywav of explanation, in order to ascertain upon
which'side the singularity is. Why, sir, that gen-
tleman is chairman of a committee m this House,
whose bound en duty it is to report no appropriation
for the action and sanction of this House until, as
the chairman of that committee, he satisfies himself
that the appropriation is just and proper, and
should be made 111 the manner desired. Who,
then, is singular—the chairman, for evading the
charge imposed upon him by our organization and
the rules, the practice and usage of the House;
or me, for suggesting to him that he should con-
form to his duty upon the present occasion ? Why
does the gentleman make this particular case an
exception to the general rule which governs him
in regard to all of the items of appropriation which
he reports to the House in the various appropria-
tion bills? Why not inquire into this in the same
way that he inquires into all the other items of
appropriation he presents and asks this House to
sanction, that he may be enabled to stand up be-
fore the House and satisfy it that the appropria-
tion is right? Who, then, is singular in this re-
gard ? He says you can, and why do you not,
offer a resolution calling this information particu-
larly before the House ? I have heretofore en-
deavored to obtain information on this subject. I
stated in my remarks a few moments ago that
there was no necessity for a resolution—no need-
for any formal thing of the kind, but that the
chairman could go to the Secretary of State, upon
his own motion, and obtain a correct statement of
the facts, It is his bounden duty to inquire into
these mattsrs. There was no impropriety in the
suggestion that I made. In the regular discharge
of his duty he would have obtained the informa-
tion, dispensing with the necessity of theadoption
of any resolution by the action of this House. It
is a duty imposed upon him toask for that inform-
ation, and also to post himself up in regard to
everything connected with it. Outside rumor is
sufficiently plausible to give reasonable cause for
inquiry. The gentleman has doubtless read the
charges in the public prints of the city, and yet
we are asked to pass that bill, without making any
inquiry at all. But I will come back to the gen-
eral question—to the advice which I suggested tp
the gentleman. He asks why do not I offer a res-
olution? To satisfy the gentleman, I will offer a
resolution. If he cannot discharge the duty with-
out a resolution, he shall have it. He says that
I was a member of the last Congress, when this
matter was up. So I was. I acted then as I do
now. I endeavored then to have the matter in-
quired into, and the requisite information brought
before the House, but from some cause I failed.
The facts are as I have stated. Enough has
been said out of doors about this matter to put
this House upon the inquiry; and this House and
the chairman of the Committee of Waysand Means
will not be true to themselves and the interests
of the country, unless they make this inquiry,- no
matter how high the name or the authority of those
who will stand in opposition to it. Now let me
say here, that the gentleman misunderstood me
when he says I make charges or express any be-
lief in regard to the matter. I make none. I
know not whether they are tiue or false; but this
I do know, that these charges have been made so
publicly—have been stated,iterated,and reiterated
through the city, until the time has come when a
regard for the character of the House and the in-
terests of the country, and for the character of the
persons interested in these charges, demand that '
an inquiry should be made. And I trust, if it can-
not be arrived at in any other way, that this House
will, by a formal resolution, direct the inquiry to
be made and the facts to be laid before it. I re-
peat, let the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means be induced to make the inquiry, with-
out the formal action of the House instructing him ■
to do it. It is his bounden duty to do it, without !(
the special direction of the House. r
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman from Ohio l'
[Mr. Disney] seems to have received the impres- t
sion that 1 gave him advice, or attempted to do so.  :
Why, sir, he is greatly mistaken. I never con-j
sidered myself competent, and I shall not be so ||
presumptuous as to undertake a task of that sort. :
The gentleman forgot himself—he gave me that
advice. He told me that I did not possess the in-
formation, and he also told me how I ought to get
it. The gentleman says that I ought to have a
knowledge of the correctness of the appropriation
I propose to make and the manner in which it
should be made, before I ask the House to vote
the appropriation. Let us see whether I possess
the proper knowledge upon that subject. Here I
ask the House to appropriate 03,180,000 to pay
an installment due to Mexico in May next, By u
reference to the treaty, I find that we are bound to |j
pay that money. By reference to the same treaty, , j
1 find that we are bound to pay §185,000 as the jj
interest upon the installment. So one question of • ■
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Disxf.y] has an j
answer. But he says 1 ought to be able to tell the 1
House the way in, which the payment is proposed
to be made. How is this payment proposed to be
made? Does the gentleman from Ohio ,kaow*?
1 should like him to tell us, if he, undertakes to
say how it should be made, upon what terms, the
payments are to be made. I should like him to
give us all the minutice in regard to these pay-
ments. I have never heard how it was to be made
except from the statements of the gentleman that
it was to be made through certain houses, and
that other houses had proposed to make the pay-
ment. So, then, I think, tnis house possesses all
the information as far as my appropriation bill , is -
concerned. It finds an appropriation of money is ,
due, and ought to be paid. If the President of the
United States proposes m any particular way to
pay it which this House condemns, or questions,
or desires to examine into, then let the House in-
dicate it, and the terms of the payment shall be
brought before the House, and the House then
can see whether the proposition is a cbrrect one
or not—whether the proposed mode of payment -
is correct or not. The Committee of Ways and
Means had nothing before them showing how the,
payment was proposed to be made. There was no
proposition, either to Congress or the country, that
reached the Committee of Ways and Means, by
which they were informed whether the payment
was to be made thiough one house or another, or
directly by the Secretary of the Treasury to Mex-
ico. Hence the committee could not have done
any more than they did. The committee reported
the appropriation bill precisely as the treaty,
which is the highest law of the land, required it
should be done, and that appropriation is now be-
fore you. Ah, but the gentleman says I ought to
go and obtain the information; and he seems to
have referred very frequently to the fact that I
said his suggestion was to me a singular one. I
certainly said, not out of any improper spirit or
feeling at all, that I thought it was singular; and
I think I will convince my friend from Ohio that
it is a very singular fact, if he will but hear me.
He says he called upon the Secretary of State at
the last Congress for this information, and although
he had the House to sustain him in the call for
the information from the President of the United
States, yet he nravely tells this House now that
the call was refused, and it was evaded by the
Secretary of State. Well, then, let mc say to my
friend from Ohio, [Mr. Dissey,] suppose the Sec-
retary of State evaded a response to a call of this
House, made upon him in due form, would it be
more likely he would communicate the information
to me personally than to the House ? He is bound
under the law, by his official duty, whenever an
application is made to him, to respond solemnly
to the call made upon him.
| Mr. DISNEY. I did not say the Secretary of
State had evaded answering the call. I said that
: the charge had been made, and that-the response
to it was an evasion.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman from Ohio
declares he did not say that the Secretary had
evaded answering the call, but that the charges
had been made. My fViend from Ohio did say
this, I am sure, that he made the call and failed.
Mr. DISNEY. I said that I made an effort to
get the infoi mation.
Mr. HOUSTON". A resolution waspassed and
sent to the Secretary of State, and that resolution
was responded to. But the gentleman from Ohio
has more than intimated that the Secretary of State
evaded, intentionally, a manly, frank, and honest
response to that call.
Mr. DISNEY. I said that the charge was made.
I disclaim endorsing the charge.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am aware of that, when
he referred to a charge of that sort. It is certainly
an intimation, that upon our part we are not satis-
fied. So then I am endeavoring to present to this
committee an utter impossibility. I have brought
before the House, by instruction of the Committee
of Ways and Means, the bill proposing to make
the appropriation which is required of us by the
treaty with Mexico. And we have got all the in-
formation that the committee could be possessed
of; and if any other information is to be obtained
it should be upon a call of the House. If the gen-
tleman desires it, I will go as far as any other gen-
tleman m an effort to bring the information before
the House.
Mr. McMULLIN. The fact of my having
yielded the floor to gentlemen on either side has
