1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1229
magnitude for individual enterprise, and of momentous
character to the commercial mteie=ts of the country—an
undertaking alike creditable to the libera] views, of the Gov-
ernment, and the public spiiit of the contractors; and
though it may not be possible to accomplish, according to
the very letter, all the stipulationsoriginally contracted for,
yet enough will be done to reflect honor and credit upon
both contracting parties.
" If the vessels are not constructed with as> much care
and expense as those at our navy-yards, it has been in some
measure because the best materials could not be obtained ;
and whether they are as substantially built or not, they are
only to be taken into the public service at an appraised
valuation.
" They will have the merit of possessing the great essen-
tials of capacity, buoyancy and fieetness, and capability
of carrying effective armaments and if taken for then
estimated worth at the tnne of tiarisfer, the Government
will be the gamer at a period of emergent want for such
vessels."
new Y ork, april 5, 1850.
Sir : Tn obedience to your instructions of the 29th ultimo,
we have inspected the new steamship " Atlantic,'* recently
built under thecoritiact with Mr. E. K. Collins and his as-
sociates, authonzed by the act of Congress of 3d March,
1847, for the mail service therein contemplated, and have
the honoi to report that, in our opinion, she has been built
in confoimity with the requnements of the act of Congress
above leferred to. Although not in accordance with every
particulai stipulation of the contract, as has already been
made known to the Department bythe superintendent 111
chaige, >-he is constructed of suitable dimensions, build, and
finish, to conform with the contiact for carrying the mails
on her destined route and, with the prepaiations and ad-
ditions of suitable war appointments, she could be easily
converted into a war steamer of the first class.
The " Atlantic" is now ready to receive the officers of
the Navy piovided for by the third section of the act above
indicated.
We have the honor to be, very respectfully, vour obedient
servant?, SI. 0. PE11RY.
The Hon. Wm. Ballard Preston,
Secretary of the Naiy} Washington.
New York, October-8, 1850.
Sir, : In obedience to your instructions of the 23d ultimo,
we have inspected the new steam-ship "Artie," recently
built under the contract with E. K. Collins and bis associ-
ates, authorized by the act of Congress of 3d of March,
1847, for the mail service theiem contemplated, and have
the honor to leport that, in our opinion, she lias been built
iit conformity with the requirements of the act of Congress
above referied to.
Although not m accoidance with every particular stipu-
lation of the contract, as has aheady been made known to
the Department by the superintendent in chaige, she is
CQnstiueted of suitable dimensions, build, and finish, to con-
foim with the contiact for carrying the mails on her destined
route, and with tlie preparations and additions of suitable
war appointments, she could be easily converted into a war
steamer of the first class.
The ii Arctic'' is now ready to receive on board the offi-
cers of the Navy provided for by the third section of the act
above indicated.
We have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedi-
ent seivant&, M- C. PERRY,
The Hon W. A. finviuit, CTTAS H. KELL.
Secretary of ike Navy. Washington.
I concur in this report, as to her being a mail steamer of
the first class. JOHN LENTH ALL.
New York, Novembers, 1850.
Sir: Tn obedience to your inductions of the 30th ulti-
mo, we have inspected the new stc-Mmship " Baltic," re-
cently built under the contract with Mr. E. K. Collins and
his associates, authorized by the act of Congress of the 3d
March, 1847, lor the mail service therein contemplated, and
have the honor to repoit that, in our opinion, she has been
built in conformity with the reqmiemenfs of the act of
Congress above refened to.
Although not in accordance with every particular stipu-
lation of the contract, as has aheady been made known to
the Depaitment by the superintendent in chatge, she is
constructed of suitable dimensions, build, and finish, to con-
form with the contiact for carrying the mails on her destined
route, and with the prepaiations and additions of suitable
war appointments, she could be easily convened into a war
steamer of the fiist class.
The Baltic" is now ready to receive on board the offi-
cei.s of the Navy piovided for by the third section of the act
above indicated.
We have the honor to be, very lespectfullv, youi obedi-
ent servant*, . M. C. I^RflY,
The Hon. Wm. A. Graham, CHAS. H. BELL.
Secretary of the Arum/, Washington.
I concur in this lcpoit, as to her being a mail steamer of
the first cl<w. JOHN LENTHALL.
Commodore Perry soys, April 9, 1850:
The mail steamers of the contracts of Howl and 2c As-
pinvvall, of George Law, and of E. K. Collins, can be easily
converted mio war steamer tor temporary service, in eases
of particular etuenicne). These ve-:s=els, with littlest! ength-
enm<* of the decks", can be made to carry each a lew guns
of heavy eahbie, and may be rendered useful m convoy, 111
the tr nn^portation of troops, earn mg (h spate lies, convej ing
public functionaries, &c., &c., but then service could only
he contingent, and, as before iciuaiked, temporary-"
February 18, 1852, he says:
(i Accoiding to my calculation, the costoftiie conveision
of either of the heiore-mentioned vessels, exclusive of arma-
ments, repair ot machinery,and ordinaiy icpau, \\ould not,
oi cei trimly ouqht not, exceed, lor steamer* oi theclass,
£•20,001), and fo'i those of the second class, $15,009 ; and it
could be icadily done for this at any of oui navy-yaids, pro-
vided that useless alterations wue not made.
" It should f>e taken into view that those mail steamers,
if called into service as war vessels, would he considered
a? forming an auxiliary foice to the regulaily-construeted
ships, and hence the impolicy of expending much money
on them. The requisites of sound hulls and powerful en-
gines, with efficient armaments, should alone be considered,
leaving superfluous ornament out of the question.
" The airnaments of the respective vessels would, of
course, be a separate cost; and to arrange the guns on the
upper deck, it would only be required to close up thiee or
four of the hatches or sky-lights ; to stiengthen the deck by
additional beams and stanchions; to cut ports and con-
struct the pivot and other carriages; probably it might be
desirable to shift the capstan and cable?.
ii With respect to the description and weight of the re-
spective armaments, 1 am clearly of opinion "that the first-
chiss steamers aheady named could easily carry each fovr
10-ineh Paixhan guns on pivots, two forvvaid and two aft,
of the weight ot those in the Mississippi; ten 8-inch Paix-
hans, as side euns, ditto.
'• The sccond-clasi, steamers could wHh equal ease carry
each two eight-inch Paixhanson pivots, one forward and
one aft, and six 8 inch ditto, as side guns.
•' With the additional strengthening recommended, I am
perfectly satisfied that the armaments suggested would not,
in the least, incommode the vessels, indeed, the weight of
armament would be actually less than that which would be
taken away by the lemovai of the upper decks and cabins,
and the miscellaneous ai ticles usually stowed on one or the
other of two decks—such, lor instance, as ice, of which
not less than forty tons is generally packed m one mass:
nor would the munitions and provisions icquned for the
war vessel be of greater weiffht than the goods now earned
as freight, saying nothing of the provisions and stores car-
ried by the steamers tor an average ot one hundred anil fifty
to two hundied and fifty souls, including crew and passen-
gers."
Captain Kiddy says, February 18, 1852:
"Sir: Iheiewith acknowledge your communication of
the 10th instant, to Commodore M. C. Perry and myself,
relative to United States mail steamers built under contracts
with the Navy Department, and others cariying the United
States mails.
"In reply, I will commence with the first-clsss ships,
which are the ' Atlantic,'' Pacific,'4 Baltic,' and ' Arctic,'
of Collins'-* Liverpool line; the 'Franklin' and 'Hum-
boldt ' of Moitimei Livingston's Havre line.
u These ships, although equal m strength, probably, to
any steam-ships afloat, are not suitable for immediate wat
purposes, but can be made efficient in four or six weeks
capable of carrying the armament oi battery of a first-class
fugatc—say four 10-mch guns and twelve 8-inch guns.
These alterations would consist of the removal of the deck-
houses, spar or upper deck, forvvaid and abaft the paddle-
wheel boxes, fitting the after and foivvard bulwarks in sec-
tions, cuttingpoit-lioles, fitting hammock cloths oj nettings,
putting in extra beams and knees and stanchions, moving
the windlass below, building magazines, shell looms, offi- ;
cers' 100ms, &c., &c. The costofail these alterations and :
fixtures would not exceed (.$?l.>,0Ot) or £00,000) %2Q,00U
each ship. These ships would then be relieved of about
one hundred and fifty tons'weight, 01 nearly double the
weight of guns and carnages, wiiii le*-s reliance to water
and wind, adding an increase to then already gi eat ^peed."
House document 91, page :2, Mr. Graham,
Secretary of the Navy, March 8th, 185*2, says:
"The contractors of the Liveipool line engaged to build
five steamships, of not less than 2,000 tons measurement
each, for the transportation ot the mail between New Yoik
and Liverpool, and each with steam machineiy of one
thousand horse-power, or thirty-thiee cubic feet of cylinder
to every one hundred tons register, each ship to be of suf-
ficient stiength foi war pin poses, and to be so constructed
that she mav be converted, at the lea«t possible co^t, into a
war-steamer of the fiist class; the materials, dimensions,
and full specifications of the hull of said ship*, and their
steam machinery, beingcontained m two schedules, which
belong to and foim part of the contract; the fust of the
steamships to be ready for service m eighteen months fiom
November 1st, 1847, and three others as soon theieaftei as
each may be requned, and the fifth to be commenced and
built as eaily as may be piacticable thereafter. The service
stipulated under the contract is as follows: 'And said t'ol-
Mms and his associates fuithcr agree, that they will cany
'said mails, as aforesaid, in said ^steam-ships, twice each
i month, (that is to say, twice from New York and twice
* fiom Liverpool,) during eight months of the year, and once
'amonth, (that is to say, once fiom New York and once
' from Liverpool,) during four months of the year,' and for
the service, as stipulated, they are to be paid ' the ju-t and
full sum of per annum;' the contract to continue
in full foice and virtue for the tenn of ten years from the
commencement of service, the contractors agreeing and
binding themselves to sell, convey, and deliver said steam-
ships to the Navy Department, whenever they may be re-
quired for public purpose* ; that the said Department shall at
anytime have the light to take them for the exclusive use
of the United States., and the pi oper value of the said "hips,
when so taken or sold as aforesaid, to be ascertained by ap-
praisers, two of them to he s-electcd by the Secietaiv ot the
Navy, and two by said Collins and his associate*, winch
fourj m the event of disagreement, -'hall electa fifth, and
the valuation to be then fixed bv a majority of the apprais-
er, and to be paid by the Government for the vessels so
taken. By the seventh section of the act approved Maieh
3d, 1849, the Secietaiy of the Navv was auihon'/ed so to
modify the contract with E. Iv. Collins and his associates,
as to postpone the commencement ot the mail service stip-
ulated to be performed, until as late as the 1st day of June,
18." 0. which was accordingly done. .
" "J1 his line has had a poweiful competitor in the Cunard
line ot mail steam-ships, under liberal patronage from the
Buti-h Government; but has thus fat been victoiious in the
speed of its nassages aeioss the Atlantic, having, m several
instances, performed them in less than ten day-.
While the discussions of these officers justify the con-
clusion that vessel? of the* description cannot be relied on
to supersede those modeled and built only for purpose* of
war, it is respectfully suggested that a limited number of the
foimer, employed in time'of peace m the transportation of
the mail, would be found a most useful resource of rite Gov-
ernment on the breaking out of war. If conforming to the
standard required by these contracts, their readiness to be
used at the shortest notice, their capacity as transports for
troops and munitions of \va , and their unequalled eelerity
of motion, which would enable tlierh to overhaul met chant-
men, and at the same time escape cruisers, would render
them terrible as privateers or guerrillas of the ocean, if fitted
with such armaments as could be readily put on board, even
in their present condition."
These statements come from officers who arenot
at all prejudiced in favor of the system of contract
steamers, and whose regard for the truth cannot
be questioned.
I desire now to call the attention of the Senate
to some extracts which will show what tlie British
Government thinks on this subject. Captain
William H. Hall, of the British Navy, in the course
of his examination before the special committee of
the House of Commons, says:
" I some time ago sent to the Admiralty a plan for making
the whole of the merchant steamers available m ease of
need; and if there weie an act ol Parliament that these
ships should be strengthened forwaid and aft to cairy
guns, it might be then done.with averytiifling expense;
that would give this country more power than any other
country in the world. We have nearly one thousand steam
vessels, half of which, at least, might be made available
in case Government required then seivices. .-Our mercan-
tile steameis are sonte ot the finest m the woriti, and five
hundred of them might be turned to account. They should
all be numbeied and classed, so that Government would
merely have to ask for the number of vessels they wanted,
when they might go to Woolwich, or other places, and put
the guns on board, and then they would be ready for ser-
vice."
!' Here is the opinion of a Captain in ike British
Navy with reference to the availability of steam-
vessels for national defense; and what a lesson -
does it teach us in America, where steam naviga-
tion is found penetrating every portion of the
Union, and spreading itself on our maritime and
lake frontier in every direction ! Here is found
no expression of apprehension lest the mercantile
steamers might interfere with the^ growth or effi-
ciency of the navy to which the witness belonged.
This opinion, moreover, is expressed in a country
, where, according to the testimony before thecom-
I mittee already named, there were, in 1848, 174
> war steamers, with an aggregate horse-power of 44,480
| horses; and where Mr. Alexander Gordon states,
, m a letter addressed to the same committee, the
| steam navy had then cost the country <£6,000,000
I sterling, or §30,000,000, ** exclusive of all reimtate-
j menis and expenses during commission;" the same
I gentleman also alleging that the annual repairs
' amounted to   <^108,000
i. Annual cost for coals  110,000
Depreciation at a moderate allowance. 600,000
Making the total amount of annual
cost.  ^818,000
Or.  $4,094,000
The regular employment of the best engineers
on board of contract vessels, and the great expe-
rience they would acquire from being constantly"
on active duty, would furnish to the naval service,
in the event of a war, a corps that would be inval-
uable. In speaking of the superiority of the engi-
neers on board of contract vessels in the employ
of the British Government over those on board of
the Queen's ships, a witness before the select com-
mittee of the House of Commons says:
" Last year there was a universal complaint of the Infe-
riority ot the engineers and all persons connected with
steam emploved in hei Majesty's service. It was explained,
and very easily explained, by the superior advantages m the
merchant service, and paitieularly the high wages paid. In
all contract steam-packet*, they have men on board the
vessels who aie competent to superintend any alterations
oi repairs in the machinery which may be required."
Mr. HUNTER. What was the date of that
examination ?
Mr. RUSK. It was in 1847. Since that time
a number of additional contracts have been made
l y the British Government.
There is one thing here to be remarked in rela-
tion to this agent—steam. I know that it is said
that it cannot be applied to war purposes; and the
opinion of officers of the Navy, who are prejudice*!
against it, have been cited in support of this opin-
'j ion. But with the steam power which the Brit-
s' ish Government possesses at this moment, if Jt
:j became her policy to do so, I hazard but little in
i! saying that she could sweep the commerce of any
II nation from the ocean—not even excepting her
|i great rival, the United States. In 1847 she could
U bring" nearly a thousand steamers into service, una
