1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2098
The question then recurred upon the amendment
to the amendment.
Mr. LANE, there being no objection, withdrew
his amendment.
The question was then taken on the amendment
of Mr. Lockhart, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. THOMAS M. HOWE offered the follow-
ing amendment, to come in at the end of the six
hundred and forty-third line, as one of the clauses
in relation to marine hospitals:
For completing the marine hospital at Pittsburg, heating
and ventilating same, &c., as per estimate submitted by the
Secretary of the Treasury, $6,667.
Mr. H. said: I have before me the letter of the
Secretary of the Treasury, containing estimates
of six or eight items, for completing the hospital
at Pittsburg, purporting to be the estimates of the
surveyor of that port, which have been examined
by the Secretary of the Treasury, and recom-
mended by him to the favorable consideration of
this House.
The first item is for building a brick stable,
$887. In reference to that item, I would say
that the marine hospital at Pittsburg is located
upon a lot of ground, comprising, I believe, ten
acres. A portion of this ground is devoted to
gardens, cultivated by persons at the hospital, and
it is necessary to keep horses, carts, and other im-
plements proper for carrying on that kind of bus-
iness. There are no stables at present upon the
grounds, and for that reason this appropriation
has been recommended by the surveyor of the port
of Pittsburg.
The second item is "forinside stairway opening
to garret, lathing, and plastering, $393," which
was doubtless made upon the estimate of a car-
penter. The necessity for that item arises from
the fact that there is no stairway adequate to ap-
proach the garret, and it is very necessary there
should be one, as the water tanks used for sup-
plying water for the establishment are placed either
in the garret or on the roof, I do not know which, i
and it is necessary that they should be approach- ,
able. :
The next item is " for forty feet of water pipe, \
and placing the same in the river, $40." This pipe I
is necessary for supplying the fountain with
water.
The next item of $100 is for whitewashing ;
fences.
The next "for planting shade and fruit trees,
$600." _ I
The next44 for heating and ventilating building I
on modern plan, including cooking range, $4,540." ]
The necessity for this item I do not propose to i
enlarge upon. They are thought to be necessary j
by the surveyor of the port and the superintendent j
of the hospital. They have been examined by I
the Treasury Department, the estimate approved
of, and an appropriation recommended, and I hope
it may receive a favorable consideration by the
committee.
Thequestion was then taken on the amendment, [
and it was not agreed to. I
Mr. LANE offered the following amendment, j
to come in at the end of the six hundred and forty- i
sixth line, among the appropriations for custom- j
houses: I
For the construction of the custom-house at Astoria, j
Oregon, in addition to the $10,000 heretofore appropriated, j
$30,000. I
Mr. HOUSTON. This custom-house was j
provided for by law at the last session of Con-
gress, when there was an appropriation of $10,000,
and this is an additional estimate made by the Sec- j
retary of the Treasury to complete it. j
Mr. LANE. The appropriation asked for by ]
that amendment is based upon a recommendation j
of the Secretary of the Treasury. As yet there
has been no custom-house erected in the Terri-
tory of Oregon. The sum of $30,000, in addition
to the $10,000 alreadyappropriated,the Secretary
says will he sufficient to complete a fire-proof !
building suitable for a custom-house, and other (
purposes. I will read, with the permission of
the committee, the letter from the Secretary of the
Treasury.
Mr. HOUSTON. There is no necessity for
the reading. The amendment is proper.
Mr. LANE. Very well, then.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to submit the follow-
ing amendment, to come in after the one that has
just been adopted:
For continuing the construction of the custom-house at
Charleston, South Carolina, $200,000.
The question was put, and the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania. I move the fol-
lowing amendment, to come in after the six hun-
dred and forty-sixth line:
Provided, That hereafter, in the assessment of duties,
it shall be the duty of the Secietury of the Treasury, with
the aid of the appraiseis now provided for by law, to ascer-
tain and establish the actual average values, or wholesale
prices in the principal maikets of the United States, during
each fiscal year, commencing with the fiscal year ending
the Mih of June, 1852, ol pig iron, wi ought iron, manufac-
tured by rolling, hammering, or drawing, of wire, rivets,
spikes, chain cables, and gias>s, and upon such ascertained
and established values, to levy, or cau«e to bo levied, the
ad valorem duties now established by law; any provision,
by law or otherwise, to the contrary notwithstanding: Pro-
vided further, That such other goods, wares, and mer-
chandise. now or hereafter, subject to any ad valorem duty,
as the Secretary of the Tioasury may. from time to time,
specify by public circulai, to he published at least six
months before it shall go into effect, shall be subject to the
same mode of annual average valuations as the aforesaid."
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. 1 rise to a ques-
tion of order. That amendment has nothing to
do with the bill, and it has been so decided for
three or four Congresses.
Mr. JONES. I will, then, merely refer to the i
matter as a question of order. With the Chair's j
permission, 1 will refer to the civil and diplomatic i
appropriation bill, passed July, 1846. A clause j
of that bill, the very basis of the act of 1846, was \
ruled to be in order, and that decision was sus- j
tamed by the House. That clause is as follows: !
" Sec. 2. Jind be it further enacted, That, in addition to |
the assistant appraisers authorized by law at the port of New i
York, there nny be appointed, in the mode now prescribed I
by law, one additional assistant appraiser at said port, at a |
saUuy, as heretofore established, of fifteen hundred dollais j
per annum, to be paid out of any money in the Trea«uiy not j
otheiwise appiopnated: Provided, Saul salary shall not [
commence, or appointment take ellrct, pnor to the HOtii of
November next, and ih apptaHiug all goods, at any port ot ,
the United Slates, heretofore subjected to specific duties, J
but upon which <id valorem duties aio imposed by the act of |
the 30th of July last, entitled 'An act reducing the duty on i
imports, and foi other pm poses,' reference shall be had to |
values and invoices ot similar goods imported dunng the :
last fiscal year, under such general and uniform regulations ,
for the prevention of fraud or undervaluation as shall be
prescribed by the Secretary of the Treasury."
I raise the point that this is not a proposition to |
increase or diminish the revenue, but only to guard i
the Treasury against frauds. In 1846, when the t
law was passed I have alluded to, this very clause 1
was ruled to be in order; and if the Chair now j
decides that it is not in order, I am 
Mr. BAYLY. Is discussion in order ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has indulged [
the gentleman from Pennsylvania in reference to I
any precedent he desired, for the purpose of sus- i
taining his position, butdiscussion upon tlieques- ■
tion is not in order. j
Mr. JONES. I understood that discussion was i
not in order. It is not my wish to occupy the i
time of the committee now, although I have not
done so heretofore. I wish, however, to have
this matter distinctly understood. I ask the in-
dulgence of the committee to state that this is not .
a question of increasing or diminishing the reve- >
nue.
Mr. BAYLY. 1 hope the gentleman may be j
permitted to state his point fully.
Mr. CLINGMAN. 1 beg; to say before I con-
sent to thegentleman proceeding, that I want some
gentleman—either myself or any other gentle-
man—to have the privilege of replying to the ar- ;
gument of the gentleman. I do not object to his i
discussing it. . ;
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. I object to all
discussion upon the subject.
The CHAIRMAN. Discussion is not in order.
The question submitted for the decision of the 1
Chair is, whether the amendment proposed by j
the gentleman from Pennsylvania be in order? In .
the opinion of the Chair, it is not m order. An [
amendment somewhat similar to this was submit- j
ted to the civil and diplomatic appropriation bill!
of the last session of Congress, upon which a ques-
tion of order was raised. The then chairman de-!
cided that the amendment was not in order. From j
that decision an appeal was taken, and sustained |
by the committee. Afterwards, upon three or 1
four different occasions, that decision of the Chair j
was sustained. !.
Mr. JONES. I take an appeal from the decis-
ion of the Chair. I beg merely to state 
The CHAIRMAN. The appeal is not debat-
able except by unanimous consent.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois. I object.
Mr. JONES. I then inquire of the Chair wheth-
er I have the right to state the grounds of my
appeal ?
The CHAIRMAN. No, sir.
Mr. JONES. I will remark in one word, that
the appeal was taken that the House might sus-
tain its own precedents.
Mr. BAYLY. I desire to ask a question of
the Chair. The gentleman from Pennsylvania
says that he desires the House to sustain its own
precedents. I beg to know whether the provision
of law, which the gentleman has read, was not put
in the bill by the Senate, and not by this House,
when the rules of order there and here were dif-
ferent?
Mr. CAMPBELL. I object to all further de-
bate on this question.
The Clerk, at the request of several members,
again read the amendment.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, demanded
tellers; which were ordered; and Messrs. Camp-
bell of Illinois, and Fowler, were appointed.
The question was then put, " Shall the decision
of the Chair stand as the judgment of the com-
mittee?" and it was agreed to, the tellers having
reported—ayes 67, noes 64.
And the (decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. DUNHAM. I submit the following
amendment, to come in after line six hundred and
forty-six:
For purchasing a site and the construction of a suitable
building at Wilmington, Delaware, for custom-house, post
office, court-rooms, and othci offices of the United States,
and furnishing the same, #25,000: Provided, That the ^aid
lot and building shall be exempted from city and all othct
taves whatever by the act of the Legislature of Delaware :
Jind provided further, That before the Secretaiy of the
Treasury shall erect the said building it shall first be his
duty to procure a proper site or lot of ground, and to make
a. contract or contracts for the erection ofsaid building, and
furnishing the same, at a sum or sums which shall not in
the whole exceed the sum of $'25,000 inclusive of said lot;
while said contract or contracts shall be secured by good
and fcutiicient sureties to the said Secretary of the Tieasury
and President of the United States.
Mr. SMART. I rise to a question of order. I
wish to inquire of the gentleman from Indiana
whether there is any law authorizing such an ap-
propriation ? If there is not, I object to the amend-
ment.
Mr. DUNHAM, It is based upon a recom-
mendation of the Secretary of the Treasury. Plans
have been submitted, and estimates made.
The CHAIRMAN. Upon the amendment
submitted by thegentleman from Indiana, thegen-
tleman from;Maine raises a question of order.
Mr. DUNHAM. The amendment comes from
the Committee of Ways and Means.
The CHAIRMAN. That does not alter the
parliamentary law. The Chair rules the amend-
ment out of order under the 81st rule, which pro-
vides that no appropriation shall be reported in
such general appropriation bills, and be in order
as an amendment thereto,for any expenditure not
previously authorized by law.
Mr. RiDDLE. From that decision I take an
appeal. I do not rise to debate it. I hold the law
of 1845 in my hand, which supersedes this one.
It authorizes the President to submit plans and
estimates before Congress shall make appropri-
ations for the construction of custom-houses, or
other public buildings.
The CHAIRMAN. Discussion is out of or-
der. The Chair rules that the amendment is not
in order, and from that decision the gentleman
from Delaware takes an appeal. The question
now is, " Shall the decision of the Chair stand as
the judgment of the committee ?"
The question was taken, and the decision of
the Chair was sustained.
Mr. FLORENCE. I desire to offeran amend-
ment, to come ift under the head of custom-houses;
which I fear, by the recent decision of the Chair,
will not be in order. At all events, 1 will present
it, and let it share its fate with the others:
For the erection of a building in the city of Philadelphia
adapted for public store-houses, and the safe-keeping of
goods deposited therein undei the custom-house laws; the
construction of the said building to be of such a character
as to afford facilities for holding therein the courts of the
United States, and which can also be adapted for the pur-
pose of facilitating the business of the Philadelphia po^t
office, $500,000.
