2U94
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 5,
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is compelled
to decide that the amendment is not in order.
Mr. FLORENCE. I feared it. May 1 ask a
question, if 1 cannot offer such an amendment,
whether I can present a resolution that will be in
order making- such a provision?
The CHAIRMAN. A bill reported by any
committee of this House making such a provision
would be in order.
Mr. FLORENCE. It struck me that in the
civil and diplomatic bill a provision might be made
for erecting such a building.
The following section was then read:
Intercourse with, foreign nations.
For salaries of ministers of the United States to Grpat
Britain, France, Russia, Prussia, Spain, Brazil, Mexico,
arid cjhih, $7-2,uou.
For salaries of the sacrotaries of legation to the same
places, $16,000.
Mr. HOUSTON. I offer, under the instruction
ofthe Committee of Ways and Means, the follow-
ing amendment, to come in at the end of that sec-
tion:
For outfits of the ministers of the United States to Great
Britain, Prussia, and Mexico, $27,000.
i will send up to the Clerk a letter from the
Secretary of State, which 1 ask may- be read.
The following letter was then read:
Department or State, )
Washington, 9:3d July, 185-2. J
Sir: By direction of the President, E have ilte honor to
inlorm you, ami, through you, the Committee of Ways and
Mean*? of the House of Representatives tiiat the Ministers
of the United State* at London, Berlin, and Mexico, have
asked permission to return to this country, and are expected
soon to do so.
It is, therefore, desirable that proper provision should be
made for outfits for their successors.
, I the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obe-
dient servant,
W. HUNTER, adding Secretary.
Hon. George S. Hooston,
Chairman Committee of Ways and Means, II. R.
The question was then taken on Mr. Houston's
amendment, and it was agreed to.
Mr. GOODENOW. 1 move to amend the fol-
lowing clause: " For salary of the Commissioner
to the Sandwich Islands, $3,000;" by striking out
three" and inserting " five."
The amendment which I propose is to increase
the salary of the Commissioner at the Sandwich
Islands from §3,000 to $5,000. In April last, the
attention of the Secretary of State was called to
the necessity of such an increase. On the 29th
of April he addressed a letter to the honorable
chairman of the Committee on Foreign Relations
on thatsubject. Thehonorablechairmaninformed
me—owing to the multiplicity of business, I pre-
sume—that he did not bring thatsubject definitely
before that committee. In his letter, the Secretary
of State recommends the increase proposed by the
amendment which I have offered. The necessity
of an increase of the salary of the Commissioner
at the Sandwich Islands, I think will be obvious to
any eentleman who will examine the facts con-
tained in the letters and papers which I hold in
my hand, and the extracts from letters submitted
by the honorable Secretary of State to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations. Since thediscovery
of gold in Calfornia, the expenses of living at
Honolulu have increased very much, and they
are now, as I am informed, nearly as great as at
San Francisco. The salary now given lo the
Commissioner is not sufficient for the support of
hiswifeand family of four children. Thepresent
Commissioner is known to bean economical man,
but his hospitality is taxed greatly by the increased
number of citizens of this country who call there.
It is true that he never fails to afford that hospi-
tality. I may here be permitted to refer to some
of the items of expense. Butter is fifty cents a
pound, eggs fifty cents a dozen, fire-wood eight
dollars a cord. The actual expenses of living at
Honolulu are now greater than the expense of liv-
ing at any city in the United States, with the ex-
ception, perhaps, of cities upon the Pacific. They
are greater than the expenses of living in London
or Paris. There is no outfit or anything allowed
to the Commissioner. Out of his salary of §3,000
he is to pay the expenses of his voyage and that
of his family. I am well convinced, if I could
have directed the attention of the Committee of
"Ways and Means to the consideration of this sub-
ject, through the Committeeon Foreign Relations,
that they would have recommended this appropri-
ation. I endeavored to do so, but, unfortunately,
for the reason I have before stated, I have been
I hope the committee will adopt
t. 1 think it is the least which the
unsuccessful.
the amendment
jusnce of the case requires. I would be glad if
they would go further, and allow the same com-
pensation to be given from the commencement of
the commission of thepresent Commissioner. I
have not asked it. 1 have asked what I deem to
be just and right. I believe that the Committee
of VVays and Means will sustain me in the state-
ments which I have made.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I desire to under-
stand from the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Good-
enosvJ whether this is meant to be retrospective or
prospective?
Mr. GOODENOW. Prospective.
Mr.'BAYLY. I have no doubt whatever that
the salary of a great many of our foreign agents
ought to be increased; and this, among others,
might be increased with advantage. There have
been recommendations in respect to almost all the
foreign ministers. With butonesingle exception,
however, and that will be explained when 1 move
in the matter, the committee did not think it expe-
dient to recommend an increase of these salaries.
I doubt whether this case stands upon a stronger
footing than the other cases with one single excep-
tion.
Mr. BROOKS. I propose to amend by adding
one dollar. I think this a peculiar case. At the
time when this salary of ^,3,000 was fixed, every-
thing was lower in the Pacific than in other parts
of the world. The prices of provisions were low,
transportation was low. Since that time, from
the discovery of gold in California, everything has
been doubled or trebled in price; but the salary of
the Commissioner stands exactly as it was. It is i
impossible for a gentleman to live adequately upon '
a salary of §3,000 at Honolulu. On account of
the increase of Americans visiting there, the in-
crease of population going to those islands, and
the general importance of the Pacific to us, it is
important that we should raise the salary of this
Commissioner. I have further to say upon that
point—-I ask the attention of Democrats upon the
other side of the House to the fact, that last year—
and the chairman of the Committee on Foreign
Relations, who was then the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, will bear me out in
the fact—the then Committee of Ways and Means
increased nearly double the salary of Mr Eames,
now one of the editors of the Union, of which I
hold the proof in my hand, upon the ground that
it was impossible for him to be adequately sup-
ported in that place for double the amount of pay.
The Whigs in the Committee of Waysand Means,
and the Whigs m the House, agreed in that prop-
osition, and voted for it without any serious op-
position, from the evidence of the fact that it was
necessary to be done. In the case of some gen-
tleman before him—Mr. Ten Eyck, of Michigan, I
believe—a like additional appropriation was made,
and the House agreed in voting this additional
sum. It seems to me as a matter of political and
pecuniary justice that it is our duty to do the like
thing in the case of the present Commissioner, not
only because we have done it heretofore, but be-
cause under the existing circumstances it would be
impossible for a gentleman properly to discharge
his duties to his country upon that salary alonel
Mr. CLARK. What is the condition of the
amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. There is an amendment
to the amendment pending. The gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Goodenow] proposes to strike out
the word " three," and insert "five. "
Mr. BROOKS, there being no objection, with-
drew his amendment.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Good-
enow's amendment, and it was agreed to.
The following clause of the bill was then read
by the Clerk, viz:
"For salary of a Commissioner to residein China, includ-
ing the additional compensation under the act to carry into
effect certain provisions m the treaties between the United
States and China and the Ottoman Porte,$6,000."
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. 1 am instructed by
the unanimous vote of the Committee on Foreign
Affairs to move to amend the clause which has just
been read, by inserting the words "outfit and "be-
fore the word "salary," and by striking out" six"
and inserting " eighteen" in lieu thereof. In pro-
posing this amendment, we have responded to the
recommendation of the Presidentin his last annual
message, where he says:
"Theofficeof Commissioner to China remains un/iUed;
several persons have been appointed, and the place has been
offered to others, all of whom have declined its acceptance,
on tile ground of theinadequaey of thecoiripensation. The
annual allowance by law is .$6,000, and there is no provision
for any outfit. I earnestly recommend the consideration of
this subject to Congress. Our commerce wiiii China is
highly important, and is becoming more and more so, in colt-
sequence of the inereasjngintereourse between our ports: oil
the Pacific coast and Eastern A Ma. China is understood to
be a country in winch living is very expensive, and I know
of no reason why the American Commissioners sent there
should not be placed, in regaid to compensation, on an equal
footing with ministers who represent tins country at the
courts of Europe."
Mr. Chairman, in my opinion—and I do not
state my opinion hastily or lightly—there is no
mission that we have abroad that is more import-
ant than our mission to China. With our posses-
sions on the Pacific, and the new career of com-
merce that is opening in that direction, I know of
no place where it is more important to have an
enlightened and ableman than m China. It seems,
from the President's message, that there has been
great difficulty in getting such a man to go there,
and I am not surprised at it. It is four or five
months' sea-voyage to get there, and as many to
get back. It is amongst a people where there is
nothing interesting to carry a man. It is not like
the mission to Rome, or Naples, or England, or
Prance; but it is a pure duty of patriotism for any
man to consent to go upon a mission of this sort.
I therefore entirely concur in the recommendation
of the President, and 1 am instructed, by the unan-
imous voice of the committee over which I preside,
to offer this amendment.
Mr. HOUSTON. I believe myself that the
compensation of the Commissioner to China ought
to be increased. I am satisfied, as I presume
every member of this committee is satisfied, that
it is too small. But I hud hoped that the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs would have presented
some other plan for compensating our foreign
ministers than thepresent one. I hud hoped they
would have brought forward some system or
other, by which we could have given them an am-
ple compensation without holding out the induce-
ment of an outfit for gentlemen to come home and
go out half a dozen times during an Administra-
tion. I do not speak of this in reference to the
present Administration, but as an evil that exists
in this country, and that ought to be remedied by
Congress in some way or other. We have just
agreed to an amendment appropriating $27,000 for
outfits for the three ministers to succeed gentlemen
who are coming home. One of them proposes, [
think, to come home in October, but a few months
before the Administration must change in some
way or other. Gentlemen on the other side of the
House smile. I think it will change to Democratic;
but then whether it does or not, the Presidency will
pass from its present incumbent, and as a matter
of course, there will be a change of Administra-
tion but a few months at the outside, after these
ministers come home. It seems to me to be a
great waste of money, and that there is a defect
in the system by which they are paid. I think
they ought to have salaries, and I was in hopes
that the Committee on Foreign Relations would
have proposed to have given an ample salary in
this case. I think these ministers ought to be well
paid. I propose to pay them well, but I do not
want them to start out a month or two before the
Administration must pass into the hands of an-
other party, or of another President and get $9,000
outfit and salary for staying away less than a
twelvemonth.
I do not say that this evil has commenced under
the present Administration. On the contrary, I
know that it existed before, and 1 know, from ev-..
idence upon which I can rely, that the present
President of the United States has had some diffi-
culty on this point, in keeping foreign ministers
from returning home, and that upon more than one
occasion he has refused the necessary permission
to come home. For that I give him credit. But
then it seems to me that there is some defect in the
system, and I was in hopes that the Committee
on Foreign Affairs would have remedied it.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. I rise to a question
of order. I submit that this amendment is not in
order, for the reason that this House is bound to
know who are the foreign ministers, and that the
Constitution prohibits any member of Congress
from taking an office, the compensation of which
is fixed during the term for which he was elected.
