um
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 3,
twenty-seven of them she had upon oim coast, all j
«suitable for war- purposes. All the steamers
which are built and put afloat upon the ocean by
the British, are so built, under their laws, that
tbey can be used for war purposes. This is not
the case with us. We have not twenty steamers
belonging to the Navy proper, that we can use
for war purposes. Without the steamers which
we have under the contract system, we have not
twenty that can be so used; and, including the
contracts, we have but about forty that can be
applied to war purposes. Our ordinary steamers
cannot be so applied; and why ? U is because.of
that sort of economy which neglects, in time of
peace, to prepare for emergencies that may here-
after happen. The British Government permits
n6 vessel to be propelled by steam that is not in-
spected, and required to be of a certain amount of
tonnage, and of sufficient strength. We, on the
contrary, go in for cheapness,'and for the saving of
money. The experience of the two countries has
displayed itself fearfully upon that subject. We
may, perhaps, have made money; but we have
sacrificed human life to an awful extent.
Then, sir, under these circumstances, consider-
ing the disproportion which exists between our
steam marine and that of England, what are we
to do? Must we abandon this enterprise? When
the victory is in our hands are we to throw it
av^ay, and say that it is too.costly to keep it? and
that, too, at a time when any reasonable man,
who will examirte the case, must see that, these
lines, so far from being a charge on the Treasury,
Will not be ten years <>ld befoie they will bring a
large revenue to the Government. Are we, then,
to put ourselves in a position to invite foreign Gov-
ernments to be our rivals? for it must be remem-
bered that the British Government is not the only
one that is making use of this mighty powei of
steam. A re we, under the cry of economy, which
is so potent just before a presidential election, to
.abandon everything which looks toward putting
ourselves in a position to defend our rights upon
the ocean? Are we now,for temporary purposes,
to abandon a system, which, in my opinion, will,
in a very few years, not only extend our com-
merce, but which, without additional expense,
will furnish us.on the ocean, as we have on the
land, with strong arms and stout hearts, ready to
defend us, which are not quartered upon the
Treasury of the United States.
Sir, we are extending our commercial relations.
The world is extending its commercial relations.
If we would build a Chinese wall around our
couhtry, we cannot stop the enterprise of our citi-
zens. They will go to every country under the
sun, and they" will trade; and our commerce will
be exposed on every sea. Shall we take no step
to put ou'-selves in a condition to defend it ? We
are liable at any moment, in the present disturbed
condition of the world, if all that we have henrd
here about intervention, and the outburst of slum-
bering revolutions in favor of the liberal principle
in Europe be true—and probably there is some
, truth in it—to be involved in a rupture with some
foreign Government. What would be the result?
We would have to allow our merchants to be
robbed upon the ocean, or we would have to adopt
another system. If we should not adopt the con-
tract system in time, we would have to do as Eng-
land did before she adopted it, and spend thirty or
forty, or perhaps an hundred millions to increase
our Navy proper.
Much has been accomplished by this line. Its
proprietors have fully complied with their con-
tract. It is so stated by your own officers. The
outlay which you have made is only $126,000 a
year, and that under circumstances which show
you, that the next year you will be paid back a
part, or the whole of it; and that in a very few
years, especially if you put this line on an e.quality
with the Cunard line, it will be a source of reve-
nue, even if w.e increase the compensation to the
amount asked for. Of this I have no sort of doubt.
This system has, then, produced you four of the
finest ships in theworld. There arenofinerships
afloat. It has not*only done that, but it has pui
you in a condition which it would have taken you :
five years, by the operation of the Government,to
attain, in order to defend yourselves in case of a j
maritime war. At the time Collms and his asso- j
ciates went into this business, there were no ma- j
.chine shops here; machinery for steam-ships, be-1
fore that time, had to be imported from England.!
There were no engineers m this country who could
be trusted to carry a steam-vessel across the At-
lantic. This company have, by their outlay of
capital, and at a ruinous loss to themselves, cre-
ated machine-shops here that can vie in their pro-
ductions with England or any other country, and
they have now engineers who can be more safely
trusted than even those who have been educated m
England for a lifetime; because they take the kind
of materials out of which they can make those
who are not bound down to certain rules, but who
have a spirit of enterprise and experiment, and
reason as well as learn by rote. This company
has changed the direction of millions on millions
of capital from the pockets of British subjects to
American citizens, it has raised up mechanics
who would be indispensable to us m case of a
rupture with any foreign nation. It has created
a school of engineers, which will also be import-
ant, and who will reflect high credit upon the
American name.
Sir, us 1 said before, you cannot stop this.
Steam has revolutionized the world;' it is bringing
men of different nations face to face; it is bringing
distant nations close together, and it draws after it
in its train, consequences which the most daring
statesman cannot now foretell, or foresee. You
must control it, or it will control you. In the
hands of others, it will control you. Controlled
as it is in our power to control it, it will become
the element of infinite prospenty to us, but in the
hands of rival nations it must become the source
of national degradation and loss to us. Before
the enterprise ot these men; before they run this
risk—and a great risk it was; before they applied
their capital and ingenuity and talent to the pro-
duction of this line of steamers, you were paying
just whatever price a British Company chose to
ask of you for the transmission of your light and
valuable freights, and for the passage of every citi-
zen of this country who chose to visit Europe.
You were taking out of the pockets of Amer-
ican citizens and putting into those of a British
Company millions upon millions of capital, while
you were paying taxes and expenses to make
Great Britain the strongest naval Power upon
earth. •
Gentlemen have cried out that if we adopt this
proposition it will be protection. U is a protec-
tion to all. As you extend yourcommerce, every
man that will work is protected by it.
Under such circumstances it would be very ridic-
ulous, in iny conception, to abandon a measure
of such vast national importance. The British
Government would laugh at you. It has been too
much the case that tbey have availed themselves
of American inventions heretofore. The cry of
monopoly has broken down a great many useful
institutions in this country; and the cry of monop-
oly will be and has "been raised against these
vessels. Steam is your own invention, and Eng-
land is using it. 1 think the Senator from Vir-
ginia said he was in favor of free trade and an
44 open ocean." Sit, 1 could not regard the ocean
as very open when a thousand British war vessels
were hovering upon our coasts, and we have but
forty to meet them.
This is a sort of openness of the ocean, from
which, may God deliver me. It would indeed be
open to England, and our ports would be open to
her too. This, however, is a kind of " open
ocean" and free trade, against which I solemnly
protest.
A ^reat deal has been said about sectional feel-
ings ni this matter. Now, it seems to me, that of
all parts of the country, the Southern portion is
more interested than any other in this system. In
the Northern part of the Union there are many
towns and a dense population; and there are
means of transportation between different parts of
the country, so that a force could soon be concen-
trated to defend any particular point of attack. In
the South, however, it is altogether different.
There there is a sparse population over a great
extent of country, without the means of rapid con-
centration at any particular place. Thus, with the
advantage of ocean mail steamers in the hand? of
an enemy, all the Southern coast towns could be
reached and burnt before you could get a national
vessel near them, or could concentrate the power
and force of the country to defend the coast. It
seems to me, then, that opposition to this measure
on sectional grounds comes strangely from the
Southern section of the country. Southern oppo- i
sition seems to me strange upon another ground.
It is evident that the multiplication, as far as pos-
sible, with wisdom and without extravagant cost
to the Government, of the means of commerce with
foreign nations will enlarge our commercial rela-
tions to a vast extent. Our commerce has been
greatly increased within the last few years. Is
that any damage to the South? What section of
the Union is most interested in the extension of
commerce? Certainly the producing portion of the
country. When it is remembered that the South-
ern section produces two thirds of ail the exports
that go from the country, it is a most suicidal
policy for it to oppose anything that tends to ex-
tend,as faras possible, our commercial intercourse
with the balance of the world. We have nothing
to fear, but everything to hope from such a source.
Our prosperity is involved in it. The defense of
our towns depends upon it. We must do some-
thing for our self-protection, either by expendi-
turesof this description, or by an enormous outlay
for the increase of the navy in every case of emer-
gency. Is it not wiser to expend a few hundred
thousand dollars now, even if there should not be
any expectation of its being returned to theTreas-
ury, than to have to expend millions in case of an
outbreak in Europe or elsewhere? But there is no
fear that every dollar that you invest in an enter-
prise of this description, when wisely invested and
upon proper lines, will not be returned a thousand
fold into the Treasury, in the shape of postages
and duties upon importations, on account of in-
creased commercial intercourse with foreign na-
tions. Even should the cost be great, would it
not be wiser to put yourselves in a situation of
dejfense beforehand, by the encouragement of this
system, than to run the risk of having to do it at
an enormous expense in case of emergency?
If you abandon this system, you will not have
the proper kind of mechanics or machine shops,
nor proper safeguards to human life. Ships will
be built on the cheap plan, and will be slaughter-
houses on the seas. They may be built at one
half or one third the cost of the Collins steamers,
but as soon as they get into a storm upon the
ocean, down they will go, and will carry thou-
sands upon thousands to their watery graves.
Unfortunately, such has been too much" the case
with all our operations with steam in this country.
Since peace was concluded with Mexico, there
have been more widows and orphans made by
this agent—steam—within the jurisdiction of the
United States, than were made during the war
with that country. It was done because we have
not acted wisely upon this subject. We have the
right to control this matter, but we have left it to
unrestricted private enterprise, and we have seen
what the consequences have been. We have been
economical with money, but we have displayed
more recklessness with regard to human life than
any other civilized country on the globe.
Our people will travel upon the seas—we have
the power, and it becomes our duty to provide for
the safety of human life.
This system has been in operation for more than
two years. "We have twenty-four noble ships in
the service, capable of adding much to our gen-
eral prosperity in peace, and dealing heavy blows
to an enemy in war. To these ships, so far, no
accident has occurred involving the loss" of life.
Although there have been two or three instances
in which the most thrilling anxiety has been felt
for persons on board, yet, in the end, they have
been restored to their anxious families, after having"
passed in safety through the perils of the ocean.
We have many steamers upon the economical
"open sea" plan; in what manner have they suc-
ceeded in this respect?
Sir, the bitter tears of widows and orphans can
answer this question more feelingly and more elo-
quently than I can.
There is, to my mind, a vast advantage in ex-
tending this system. It brings your citizens into
immediate intercourse with all the nations of the
earth; and, as they unite with those nations, as
they mingle with them, they will hring back for
the improvement of their own country whatever
they may find worthy of imitation; while what-
ever they may see worthy of their condemnation
will but1 make them the more strongly attached
to that liberty and those institutions which they
so happily enjoy.
By assuming the place that Providence seems
to have designed for our common country, we
