2096
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 5.
shall] desired to offer an amendment in relation
to the salaries of the judges, that the section to
which it would apply had been passed, and that
we could not return to it, nor could it be offered
as an amendment to any other section?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair did so decide.
The gentleman will also recollect that the Chair
made a like decision yesterday, which the com-
mittee reversed. The decision of the Chair is
now in accordance with the decision of the com-
mittee upon the other point of order.
' The gentleman from Alabama raises the ques-
tion of order that the amendment of the gentle-
man from Vermont is not in order. The Chair
decides that it is in order. From that decision the
gentleman from Alabama takes an appeal. The
question therefore is, " Shall the decision of the
Chair stand as the judgment of the committee?"
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not want to consume
the time of the committee. I will withdraw .my
appeal.
Mr. HEBARD. I was much surprised that
there should be an objection raised to an amend-
ment so reasonable in its character as this. As a
matter of form it appears not to be objectionable.
I had proceeded to remark that he had dis-
charged the duties of his office thus far with great
credit and benefit to the country; and it has been
well ascertained that he is now supporting himself
at his own expense; that his salary is altogether
inadequate to his support, in the style that we
should expect and require of one of our servants
in the capacity in which he is acting. 1 hope,
sir, that this country will not expect or require
that their foreign ministers—at least when put
upon a salary that is far below that of others of
the same importance—shall be obliged to sustain
themselves out of their own private means. The
amount contained in my amendment is the same
as that to which the salary of the Minister to China
has been just now raised, and which has put him
upon an equality with the most favored ministers.
I have left out, entirely, an appropriation for
an outfit, and have merely asked that he shall have
the .usual salary, leaving the outfit of §9,000 out.
I trust that the same kind of justice that has been
meted out to the Minister- to China, will be here
measured out to the Minister to Turkey.
Mr. HOUSTON. This prpposition comes from
thegentleman fromVermont [Mr. H'ebard] him-
self without any examination by acommittee of this
H.ouse; and the Committee on Foreign Affairs, if
they examined it at all, are opposed to it, because
they have not offered any amendment to attain that
end. It is proposed to raise the salary of the Res-
ident Minister at Constantinople, without any
knowledge "upon the part of this House, except
what the'gentleman [Mr.' Hebard] has stated;
and I suppose he'has stated what he has. upon
such information as he has been able to-obtain,
aside from any official knowledge in the posses-
sion of a committee." It-isa proposition toincrease
the salary of a minister without any 'examination
by a committee, and without a recommendation
from any of the departments of the Government;
and it seems to me that such a mode of doing busi-
ness is wrong; and I hope it will not be adopted,
because we ought to have some more reliable,
some official information to guide our judgment.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment of Mr. Hebard, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. APPLETON, of Maine. I am instructed
by the Committee on Foreign Affairs to offer an
amendment, to come in at the end of the six hun-
dred and eighty-eighth line, amongst the appropri-
ations for foreign ministers:
The amendment was read as follows:
To the Secretary of Legation at the Court of St. James,
for services as Charge d'Afiaires At said Court, from tile 31ft
of August, 1849, to the lltll of October, 1849, .^'301 32.
Mr. A. said: That amendment sufficiently ex-
plains itself. It is an amendment resting upon
precisely the same principles' that we adopted a'
few moments ago, in'relation to the salary of the
legation at Russia.
The facts stated'in' the amendment have been
verified at the Departments, and the principle has
been sanctioned heretofore by many preceding
Congresses, and'has again been just sanctioned by
this committee. I suppose the amendment recom-
mends itself, and that I need not take up the time
of the committee by further remarks. '
Mr. HOUSTON. I wish to ask thegentleman
from Maine [Mr. Appleton] whether the salary
of charge for the time covered by his amendment
has been drawn by anybody else, and I desire
him to state where the Minister himself was during
that time ?
Mr. APPLETON. This is one of those cases
when there was an interim between the departure
of the preceding Minister and the arrival of the
succeeding one.
The question being upon the adoption of the
amendment—
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia, demanded tellers;
which were ordered; and Messrs. Hart and
Chandler were appointed.
Mr. HOUSTON. Rather than consume the
time of the committee, 1 would be willing to give
it up as carried.
Mr. BAYLY. The amendment is right, and
let us have a count.
The CHAIRMAN. A count must be had, un-
less by the unanimous consent of the committee.
Mr. KING, of New York. I do not give it
up, and demand a count.
The question was then taken, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 76, noes 41.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. APPLETON offered the following amend-
ment, to come in at the same'place as the preceding
one:
And that the accounting officers of the Treasury be au-
thorized to allow to Lieutenant D. D. Porter, of the United
States Navy, the sum of $699, being the amount of certain
itemssuspended m his account, which were incurred while
he was on duty, by direction of the Navy Department, in
ascertaining the political condition of St. Domingo m the
year 1846.
Mr. A. said: This subject has been investigated
by the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and they
have directed me to submit this amendment. The
circumstances of the case are these: In 1846, as
will be remembered by some gentlemen in this
House, there was a division existing among the
population of the Island of St. Domingo. The
Dominicans, as they were called, had then as-
sumed an importantcharacter; and it was believed
by the Government that it was advisable to ascer-
tain, more definitely than we could through the
public prints 
Mr. LETCHER, (interrupting.) J rise to a
question of order. Is that amendment in order ?
Is it not strictly a private claim ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is not advised.
Mr. APPLETON. The duties performed were
of a diplomatic character, and they were performed
in the public service.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair does not know
of any law which authorized that service to be
performed. I believe the gentleman from Maine
LMr. Appleton] has not stated whether this ser-
vice was performed in pursuance of any existing
law or not.
Mr. APPLETON.' They were so performed
by virtue'of existing laws, although it was in the
power of that man, it was worth his commission
to disobey the ordei- which carried him there.
Mr. BAYLY. It does not stand at all upon the
footing of a private claim. It is the casS of a pub-
lic officer, not asking compensation for private ser-
vices, but the payment of public expense. The
appropriation is to carry on one of the Depart-
ments of the Government.
The CHAIR.MAN. The amendment submit-
ted by thegentlemanfrom Maine [Mr. Appleton]
proposes to compensate a lieutenant in the Navy
of the United States for the performance of some
duties of a quasi diplomatic character. In the
opinion of the Chair the amendment is not in or-
der.
Mr. APPLETON- I appeal from that decis-
ion.
The question, " Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment'of the committee?" being
put, it was decided in the affirmative.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained. .
Mr. GENTRY. I desire to offer an amend-
ment, if it is m order.
Mr. BAYLY. Will the gentleman yield to me
for a moment?
Mr. GENTRY. I will.
Mr. BAYLY. I desire to offer the following
amendment. It is the same as the one offered by
thegentlemanfrom Maine, [Mr.AppIetok,] with
the exception that it reduces the amount one dol-
lar:
And that the accounting officers of the Treasury be au-
thorized to allow to I.ieiitenant I). D. Porter, of the United
States Navy, the sum of $698, being the amount of certain
items suspended in his account, which were incurred
while he was on duty by direction of the Navy Depart-
ment, in ascertaining the political condition of St. Domingo,
in the year 1846.
Mr. B. said: My object in offering this amend-
ment is to renew the appeal, because the decision
of the Chair is against the uniform practice of this
House.
[Cries of "Order!" "Order!"]
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair makes the same
decision that he did when the amendment was of-
fered by the gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Apple-
ton,] that the amendment is out of order, on the
ground that it is a private claim; and that it is not,
in his opinion, to compensate an officer for ser-
vices required to be performed by an existing law.
Mr. BAYLY. I appeal from the decision, and
I desire the rule in relation to the kind of amend-
ments which are in order upon civil and diplomatic
bills, to be read. The amendment is to carry out
an existing law 
The CHAIRMAN. It is not in order for the
gentleman to debate the appeal.
Mr. BAYLY. But I have a right to state my
point of order.
The CHAIRMAN. But the gentleman must
confine himself strictly to the statement of the
point.
Mr. BAYLY. I think we labor under a mis-
understanding 5
Mr. LETCHER. I call the gentleman to order.
Mr. BAYLY. 1 ask thegentleman to reduce
his point of order to writing.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is, "Shall
the decision of the Chair stand as the judgment of
the committee?"
Mr. BAYLY. No, sir. That is not the ques-
tion. I want the point of order raised by my col-
league [Mr. Letcher] reduced to writing.
The CHAIRMAN. There is a question of
order already pending.
Mr. BAYLY. Then I am entitled to the floor
to state my point of order. My point of order
is- 
Mr. LETCHER. I have reduced the point of
order to writing. It is for reflections upon the
conduct of the Chair. [Laughter.]
Mr. BAYLY. I rise, sir, to a question of fact.
The CHAIRMAN. Thegentlemanfrom Vir-
ginia will suspend. He is not in order..
Mr. BAYLY. If the fact is as my colleague
has stated, I am out of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair cannot now
entertain the point of order submitted by the gen-
tleman upon the left of the Chair, [Mr. Letcher,]
because the committee is already acting upon a
question of order presented for the decision of the
Chair.
Mr. BAYLY. If the Chair will allow me, I
will state that under the 81st rule of the House,
which I claim may be read, any amendment is in
order to a civil and diplomatic bill which is to
carry out an existing law, or to carry on one of
the Departments of the Government. Now I say,
that under thehead to carry on one of the De-
partments, the amendment is in order.
Mr. HOUSTON, (in his seat.) Thegentleman
is arguing again.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman must con-
fine himself to his point.
-Mu-.. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I rise toa point
of order. No gentleman can object unless he rises
in his place. [Laughter.]
,■ The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr.Bayly] submitted theamendmentwhich
has been reported by the Clerk. The Chair rules
that the amendment is out of order; that it is not
in accordance with the 81st rule, which the gen-
tleman desires shall be read. It is this: " No ap-
' propriation shall be reported in such general ap-
' propriation bills, or be in order as an amendment
' thereto, for any expenditurenot previously author-
ized bylaw,"&c. The Chair decides that the-
expenditure proposed in the amendment is not
authorized by law.
Mr. BAYLY. The whole of the rule has not
been read, I ask that it be read by the Clerk.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will read the
rule.
Mr. AVERETT. I rise, Mr. Chairman, also
for the purpose of submitting a point of order. I
object to the reading of the rule, and to all debate
upon a question which the Chair has decided,and
