1232
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 8.
The SPEAKER. It is; for the Chair is not
very apt to disregard his own decisions.
'The question was then taken upon the motvon
of "Mr. Hart, to lay the motion to reconsider
upon the table; and it was agreed to. , . .
Mr. MASON. I should like to know why it is
that gentlemen wish to press, this bill through the
House without some explanation.
The SPEAKER. Any explanation or discus-
sion upon the 'subject of the bill must be by unani-
mous eoijsent of the House, the mam question
having been ordered to be put upon the passage of
the. bill.
Mr. CLEVELAND. I move that the gen-
tleman from Tennessee [Mr. Polk] have the
unanimous -consent of the House to make an ex-
planation of this bill.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I object. The
previous question has been ordered.
The question was then taken on the passage of
'the bill, and there were—yeas 104, nays 56; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Willis Alien, William Appleton,
Aslie, David J. Bailey, Thomas H. Bayly, Baitlett, Beale,
Bocoek. Bowne, Bragg, Breokmridgc, Briggs, Albeit fcr.
Brown. George H. Brown, Burrows, Busby, E. Carrulgton
Cabell, Joseph Cable, Cnrtter, Caskie, Chandler, Chapman,
Cliastain, Clingman, Curtis, George T. Davi=>, John G.
Davis, Dawson, Diramiek, Doty, Duncan, Edmundson,
Ewing,-Faulkner,Fitch,Floyd,Freeman,HeniyM. Fuller,
Thomas J. I). Fuller, Gaj lord, Gentry, Gilmore, Goode-
now; Gorman, Sampson W. Hams, Hart, Haws, Haven,
Hibbard, Holladav, Houston,Howard, Inaorsoll, Jackson,
Robert W. Johnson, George ,W. Jones, J. Glaucy Jones,
Kurtz, Letcher, Humphrey Marshall, MrCorkle, McDon-
ald. Mcl.anfth.ui, McMulhn, Meade, Morrison, Mm ray,
Oliis, Andrew Parker, Samuel W. Parker, Pcnn, Polk,
Porter, Powell, Bobbins, Saekett, Savage, Sclicnneiliorn,
Scudder, David L. Seymour, Skclton, Stanly, Frederick
P. Stanton, Kiehard II. Utanton, Alexander 11. .Stephens,
Stone, St. Mai tin. Stiatton, Strotber, Stuart, Sweet'er,
'Taylor, George VV. Tlionipsoo, Thui--toii, Ward, Wat-
kins, Wells,, Addison White, Alevamler While, Wilcox,
Wildrietc, Williams, and Woodward—liM.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Aveiett, llabcock, Bairere,
liucll, Clmicliwell, Claik, Cleveland. Cohh, Conger. Oott-
tiian, Cullom, Daniel, Dockery, Kastnian, Evans, Ficklui,
Fowler. Giddmgs, Goodneh, Giow, Harper, Hascall, ile-
baril, Hendricks, lienii, Hillyer, lloisiiml, John W.Ilowc,
Thomas M. Howe, Ives, Jenkins, John Johnson. (leoige
-W. King.Kulms, Lockliart, Maec, Marin, Martin, McNan,
Mo&ueeii, Meacham, Miller, Miner, Morchcad, Mmpliy,
J\re\vtmi,'Penmman, Perkins, lieuiau.in Stanton, Abraham
P. Stevens, Thivdileus Stevens, Townshend, Tuck, \\ al-
bnftge, and Wallace—56.
So the bill' was passed.
Mr. POLK. I move to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed and to lay the motion
to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JANE IRWIN.
Mr. McDONALD. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to make a report from the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims. The commit-
tee have had it in hand for two months, seeking
an opportunity to make a report.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I would in-
quire if it is the bill for the relief of Miss Jane
Irwin ?
Mr. McDONALD. It is.
Mr. STEPHENS. I hope the House will per-
mit the bill to be reported.
Mr. HAMILTON. I object.
Mr. McDONALD. I move that the rules be
suspended, to enable me to report the bill.
The question was put upon the motion, and it
was agreed to.
Mr. McDONALD then, from the Committee
on Revolutionary Claims, to which was referred
Senate bill No. 171, for the relief of Jane Irwin,
reported that they had adopted the report of the
Senate, as to the facts of the case, arid instructed
him to report the bill,-with a recommendation that
it do pass.
The bill, which was then read by the Clerk,
authorizes the Secretary of the Treasury to pay
to Jane Irwin,for services and losses sustained by
her father, Colonel Jared Irwin, an officer in the
war ot'the Revolution, half pay as captain for the
period of thirty-five years.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I move to sus-
pend the rule of the House which requires this
bill to go to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
The question was put, and there were, upon a
di vision, ayes Hi?; noes not counted.
So the rule was suspended.
Mr. DANIEL. I hope the report will be read.
The report, which was read by the Clerk, shows
that Jane Irwin is the only surviving child of Gen-
eral Jared Irwin, who was an officer in the war of
the Revolution; that he was in many sieges and
battles, in each of which he distinguished himself
for his bravery and gallant conduct; that he con-
tinued in service during the whole war, and con-
tributed much valuable aid in the struggle for
independence; that such was his zeal,and activity
m the cause of his country, that he rendered him-
self peculiarly obnoxious to -the enemy, "who
omitted no opportunity of laying waste his fields,
burning, and destroying, and carrying off his
property; that at one tune he lost one hundred
head of cattle, a number of valuable horses, aiso
two negroes, very valuable; that he built a foit,
called Fort Burke, in which the inhabitants' all
took shelter, at his own expense; that from all that
is known, it does not appear that he received any
remuneration for his services, or for the heavy
losses he sustained, either from the General Gov-
ernment or. from Georgia, except a bounty of two
hundred and fifty acres of land from the latter.
That after the close of the revolutionary war he
was much engaged in suppressing Indian hostili-
ties on the borders of the State; that in order to
protect the citizens he built and garrisoned, with
tout hundred men, with his own means, for.two
months, a fort at White Bluff; that during these
border difficulties, himself and family suffered
many losses and hardships; that he had much of
his property destroyed and earned off, and his
wife and family were often compelled to leave their
homeand seek safety in the swamp, m which they
remained all night in great peril and exposure; that
it does not appear that Colonel Irwm ever received
any pay for his services, or remuneration for the
money expended or losses sustained in quelling
these disturbances, or protecting the citizens. It
is further shown that Jane Irwin, the petitioner,
has been reduced Irom affluence to dependence,
and is now almost entirely destitute.
Mr. McDONALD. 1 move that the bill be put
upon its passage, and upon that motion I call for
the previous question.
Mr. HALL. I ask of the gentleman from
Maine, [Mr. McDonald,] who reported this bill,
if there is any provision in it winch piovides that
interest shall not be paid upon the amount speci-
fied in the bill? If the bill is passed in its present
form, I have no doubt but that interest will be paid
upon it.
Mr. McDONALD. If the House will allow
me, I will reply to the gentleman fiom Missouri,
that no Department of the Government can have
any pretense for the payment of interest under
this bill.
The SPEAKER. Demand has been made for
the previous question, and debate is out of order
during its pendency.
Mr. HALL. 1 will request the gentleman from
Maine to withdraw his call for the previous ques-
tion, that I may be able to propose as an amend-
ment, the addition of the words "without interest."
Mr. McDONALD. 1 will interpose no objec-
tion to the gentleman's amendment, provided the
unanimous consent of the House be granted for
the introduction of the amendment, without the
withdrawal of my call for the previous ques-
tion.
There being no objection, the words " without
interest" were ordered to be inserted in the bill.
Mr. DANIEL. I wish to propound a single
inquny to the gentleman from Maine, who re-
ported the bill, and it is this: For what time will
half pay be given by the bill?
Mi. McDONALD. Thirty-five years.
Mr. DANIEL. Why did not General Irwin
make a demand for the half pay to which he was
entitled during his life?
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I will answer
the gentleman. It was because General Irwm at
that time was a man of affluence. He built these
forts, and expended all the property for which in-
demnity is asked out of his own amplefunds. He
did not during his lifetime need it.
Mr. DANIEL. How long did he fail before
his death?
Mr. STEPHENS. He did not fair at all. He
died a man of wealth. His family since have be-
come involved in difficulties.
The call for the previous question was then sec-
onded, and the main question, which was on the
third reading of the bill, was ordered to be put.
The question being taken, the bill was ordered
to.be read a third time. The bill was then, ac-
cording to order, read the third time.
Mr. CL1NGMAN. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was ordered to a third read-
ing, and to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The question was put on the latter motion, and'
it was agreed to.
The question'then recurred upon the passage of
the bill.
Mr. CI.INGMAN. I call for the previous
question. -
The call for the previous question received a
second, and the main question was ordered to be
put.
Mr. DANIEL. Upon the passage of the bill I
demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays weie not ordered.
The question being taken, the bill was then
passed.
Mr. POLK. I move to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed, and to lay the motion
to reconsider upon the table.
The question was put on the latter motion, and
it was agreed to.
BUSINESS ON THE SPEAKER'S TABLE.
Mr. COBB. 1 There area great many bills from
the Senate and Executive communications upon
the Speaker's table, awaiting reference to the com-
mittees, and I think it is better that we should
proceed to their consideration. I therefore submit
the motion that the House proceed to the consid-
eration of the business on the Speaker's table.
Mr. McMULLtN. Would it be in order to
move that the rules be suspended, and that the
House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole House upon the state of the Union on the
special order?
The SPEAKER, It will be in order, provided
the proposition submitted by the gentleman from
Alabama [Mr. Cobb] is not agreed to.
Mr. McMULLIN. I object to the motion of
the gentleman from Alabama.
Mr. COBB. I move that the rules of the House
be suspended, that I may be able to submit my
motion.
The question being taken upon the motion to
suspend the rules, it was agreed to—ayes 101, noes
not counted.
Mr. COBB. I now submit the motion, that we
proceed to the consideration of the business upon
the Speaker's table.
The question was then taken, and the motion
was agreed to.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. I trust the gentle-
man from Alabama and the House will yield their
unanimous consent to the introduction of a bill
merely for the purpose of reference.
Mr. COBB. I have no objection.
Mr. STUART. Until the Speaker's table has
been cleared, I object to the transaction of any
other business.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER, according to order, laid before
the House the following Executive communica-
tions, which were severally read, viz:
To the Senate and
Howe of Representatives of the United States:
I invite the attention of CongreF? to the state of affairs in
the Temtoty of Oregon, flowing out of a conflict of opin-
ion among the authorities-of that Territory in regaid to a
pioper conjunction of the arts of Conuie^s appiuved the
14th of August, 1848. and 13th June, 1850, the ioimer enti-
tled u An act to estabh-h a tenitorial government in Oie-
gon," and the latter entitled "An act to make fmther
apptoptiation> lor public building-in the Teiritoncsoi Mm-
ru-bota and Oreuon." In oidcr to enable Congres3 to under-
stand the eontioveisy, and apply such remedy with a view
to adjust it as may be deemed expedient, F transmit,
1st. An act of the Legislative Assembly of that Territory,
passed 1st Fob! uary, 1851, entitled " An act to provide for
the selection oi places for the location and erection of public
biuldines of the Tenitoiy of Oiegon.*'
-2d. Governor Gnnie*'-* menage to the Legislative As-
sembly oi the 3d Febiuary, 1851.
J3d. The opinion ol the Atlornev General ot the United
States, of 23d April, in icgard to the act of the Legislative
Assembly oi the 1st Febtu.iry, 1851. ,
4th. The opinion of the supieme court ot Oregon, pro-
nounced on the 9th December, 1851.
oih A letter of Judge Pratt, of the 15th December, 1851,
dissenting from that opinion.
6th. Governor Gaines's letter to the President, of the Ibt
January, 1853, _ ,   , ,T
7th. Repott of the Attorney General of the United Mates
on that letter, dated y^d March,
it it should be the seir-t. of Co.sgies* thattne-=eat ot gov-
ernment of Oregon has notalreadv been established by the
local autbonties pursuant to the law oi the Um*cd States
for the organization of that Territory, or if so CNtabhshed,
