320
THEJ CONGRKSSi&NAL GLOBE.
Jan. 20.
The tieaty is a law—a national lawj and it de-
volves upon the Executive to see that this law
shall be properly executed. And when we step
out of our own legitimate sphere of action and
undertake to dictate what officer-shall discharge a
particular duty belonging to the executive depart-
ment of the U-overnment, we at once relieve the
Executive from all responsibility connected with
the discharge of that duty and take it upon our-
selves. If we undertake to dictate what officer
shall make the payment of this money, I ask
with what face can we go back to the President
and call upon him for explanation in relation to
it? How can we hold him responsible if the
money shall be misapplied ? He will turn upon us
and say, " I am not responsible, because you
yourselves pointed out the officer who should dis-
charge this duty and the manner in which it
should be discharged; this&ofticer, and not myself,
is responsible to you;he is your agent, notmine."
Now, I am for holding the Executive responsible.
The treaty stipulations must be carried out, and I
am for appropriating the money necessary to
carry it into effect, and then hold the Executive
responsible for its faithful execution.
If gentlemen, then, suppose that these means
have been improperly employed—if they suppose
that this law has not been properly carried into
execution, let them come here and prefer their
charges before this House, and let the matter be
investigated.
I will say one word in reference to the duty of
the Committee of Ways and Means in reference
to these charges; and perhaps it is not necessary to
say even a word upon that subject, for I think the
chairman ofthatcommitteehas amply vindicated the
course we have pursued in reference to this matter.
"What are the dutiesof that committee? Is it their
duty to investigate all the charges which may have
been made against the executive officers of the
Government? Our duty is to provide the means
necessary, according to law, for carrying on the
Government, and then to see that those means are
properly applied in accordance with the law. But
is it supposed by any gentleman upon this floor
that this money will not be applied in accordance
with the law of the land, and tn accordance with
our treaty obligations ? By those treaty obliga-
tions we are to pay to Mexico a certain amount of
money. Now, if we appropriate that money, and
if it is applied, why it is in accordance with the
law, and the Committee of Ways and Means have
nothing else to do with the matter. We have
nothing to do except to appropriate the money
necessary for carrying out the law, and to see that
it is applied for the purpose of carrying out the
law. It is just as much the duty of the honorable
gentleman lYom Ohio [Mr. Disney]—every bit
as much—if he believes that corruption ln\s ex-
isted in the execution of this treaty, to take the
nroper steps foi having the matter mvoNtigated, as
it is that of the Committee of Ways and Means,
or of any member of that committee, if he be-
lieves such to be the fact—if he believes that this
money has been misapplied, it is his duty to come
before this House and ask for an investigation.
That gentleman says he has been talking about
this matter for two years. I ask him if'he can
clear his conscience as a representative of the
American people upon this floor, when being satis-
fied that these charges were well grounded, and, as
he says, deserving of investigation, when he has not
insisted upon an investigation?
Mr. DISNEY. I did make a move in the mat-
ter.
Mr. DUNHAM. Thegentleman did not make
an etfectual move, or there would be no necessity
for making it now. If he made it, he should have
followed it up until the matter was investigated
and lus object was accomplished.
Mr. DISNEY. I did follow it up until it
failed.
Mr. DUNHAM. Well, it is plain that the
gentleman did not accomplish lus object, else, why
is the question now before the House? And why
are we here discussing it? But again, this ques-
tion has been before the House ever since the
commencement of the session. These rumors, as
the gentleman says, have been talked of in the city
and have been mentioned in the public prints, yet
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Disney] has sat
here quietly in his seat as a member of this House
and has made no move in reference to it until now,
the emergency is precipitated upon us, when
we are called upon to appropriate the money neces-
sary to carry out our treaty stipulations with
Mexico; and now gentlemen propose to delay this
appropriation, and thus stop the means of the
Government to carry into effect the provisions of
that treaty until this investigation' can be made.
Why, if the investigation was to be made at all,
it should have been made when the officer was
first suspected. The question should at least have
been raised at the commencement of the*'session,
and not now.
Now, what is the state of the case? The stipu-
lations of the treaty must be carried into effect;
its terms must be complied with; but in order to
comply with these terms it is necessary that a
certain amount of money should be appropriated.
It is, then, clearly the duty of this House to appro-
priate that amount of money, and thus furnish the
means to the Administration, or the Executive
Department, to carry out the provisions of the
treaty. That is what we have to do. If then
the Executive fails to apply the money to the pur-
pose for which we have designed it, then it -\vili
be our busmess to investigate in relation to it.
But is there any doubt upon that point? Has the
charge been brought by any one that the money
heretofore appropriated for the payment of the
former installments has not been properly applied?
Have not the installments been paid to the last
dollar? No, sir, that is not the charge. The
charge is, that although the Executive has com-
plied with the treaty—although the installment
has been paid to the last dollar, yet that in some
manner, they have made a speculation out of it.
Well, is that for the Committee of Ways and
Means to investigate? The money which has
been appropriated out of the Treasury has been
paid over, every dollar of it, and paid according
to law. So far as the duty of the Committee of
Ways and Means goes, then, it has been dis-
charged. If corruption has been practiced upon
the part of the Secretary of State; or upon the part
of any other executive officer, it is as much the
business of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Disney]
to investigate it, as it is for the Committee of
Ways and Means, or any member of that com-
mitiee.
Mr. HOUSTON, (interrupting.) How can
they investigate it unless it is referred to them?
Mr. DUNHAM. The honorable chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means [Mr. Hous-
ton] suggests that this matter has not been referred
to that committee. I ask the gentleman from
Ohio-~for he is a gentleman of a good deal of le-
gislative experience—if it is usual, as far as his
experience goes, for a committee to act upon mere
vague rumors, gotten up by or circulated through
the newspapers, without the authority of the
Ilojjse? Our committee was raised—for what
purpo.se? Was it raised as a sort of grand-jury, to
bring forward and investigate every vague charge
of every person or newspaper; to hunt up every lit-
tle slander or rumor which circulates about the coun-
try ? Or is it our duty to carry out such matters as
ate referred to us by the House, either by your
resolutions or by your laws, and which we are-
bound to carry out and execute? I ask, whether
it is made a part of my duty, as a member of the
Committee of Ways and Means, or any other
committee of this House, to read the newspapers
every morning, or to walk up and down the streets
of the city, to learn what idle rumors are afloat?
Or whether it is a part of my duty, as a member
of that committee, to enter into the private contro-
versies of speculators, in their scramble for spoils?
For I tell gentlemen, that the great bone of
contention is a contention between speculators for
the job of paying the three millions of money, by
which they hope and expect to make a profit olf
of somebody. I had never supposed it was my
duty to seize upon these idle rumors, and bring
them officially before a committee of this House,
and ask for action upon them in the committee-
room,and convert ourselves into a sort of inquisi-
tion, to hunt up charges and commence these in-
vestigations. I do not believe this is the business
of any committee of this House; and if it is, I
hope to God I may never be placed upon another.
My understanding of the duties of a committee of
this House is, that we are to act upon such sub-
jects as coine to vis legitimately through this
House, by the laws of the land, or by the action
of the House. Now, as to the charges which
have been brought against the Secretary of State,
we know that he has discharged his duty, as far
as the faithful payment of the money appropriated
by Congress goes; but further than that I do not
know. God knows that I am no political admirer
of the Secretary. I do not stand up kere to vin-
dicate him. I care not for him so far as I am con-
cerned. All I ask is that the laws of the land may
be properly executed, and our treaty obligations
faithfully complied with, and that the Executive
officers of this Government may have the meaps
of carrying out the treaty, and that they may use "
those means for that purpose in their own way, so
that we can hold them responsible for the manner
in which they shall use them. That is all. We
are bound to provide the means necessary to exe-
cute the treaty, and let the Executive execute
them.
Mr. Chairman, I have taken up the time of this
committee longer than I intended, and I will only
add one thing further. Shall we hesitate in the
passage of this law and appropriating the money
necessary to carry out the stipulations of this
treaty, for the purpose of gratifying the malice
and revengeful feelings that have been engendered
amongstcertain stock-jobbers against the Secretary
of State, because they did not happen to be the
fortunate speculators in this transaction? That is
the real question at issue, and you cannot escape
it. It is a question whether we shall embarrass the
action of the Executive branch of this Government
by these charges, for the purpose of gratifying the
malice of those who have been thwarted in their
purpose of obtaining the contract for the payment
of this installment. The experience of every man
in these transactions is, that this money ought to
be appropriated, and that speedily, in order to en-
able the Government to transfer the money in the
usual way to the Mexican Government in time to
make the payment by the day stipulated. To do
this we have no time to lose. If we delay we may
incur much additional expense and trouble to our
Government in making this payment, the respon-
sibility of which must rest upon those who obstruct
the speedy passage of this bill.
Mr. DISNEY. I did not propose to say another
word to the committee, in addition to what has
already fallen from gentlemen, upon this subject;
but the course of remark indulged in by the gen-
tlemen who have just taken their seats, [Messrs.
Marshall and Dunham,] compels me to say a
word or two in reply.
I confess that I cannot see what there is in con-
nection with this subject that so utterly blinds us
to all investigations in regard to these charges.
Now, what are the facts of the case? Allegations
have been made here involving two distinct points.
One is, that the bargain made, in a pecuniary point
of view, was not a just one to the Government of
the United States. The second one is, that by the
payment of the money upon the draft of the Mexi-
can Government, the interests and wishes of that
Government, as well as the interests of the United
States, would be better consulted than by the pay-
ment now proposed to be made. These charges
are made, and they are important ones. If they
have not been made on this floor, they have been
through the public prints of this city, as I stated
before, and in the lobbies of this House, until some
members of the House have become convinced that
there is reasonable ground for the inquiry. What,
then, is theobjectionto the investigations proposed?
Why do gentlemen rise here and denounce it?
The gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Marshall]
says we should first pass this bill, and then hold
the Executive responsible for the improper dis-
charge of his duties.
Mr. MARSHALL. I ask the gentleman from
Ohio, whether he is prepared to say that the Mex-
ican Government desire that this installment shall
be paid otherwise than in the manner provided for
in the treaty ?
Mr. DISNEY. There is reasonable ground
for the inquiry to ascertain whether the fact be
so or not. And why Will gentlemen *rise here,
and refuse the light, and refuse me the informa-
tion which I desire in order to enable me to vote
intelligently ? But we are told that all that this
House has to do is to appropriate the money, and
place it at the disposition of the Executive, and
our treaty obligations are discharged as far as this
House is concerned. Let me ask of that gentle-
man, and every member of this House, have'we, or
those of us who have asked for information in
order to enable us to vote intelligently upon thi&
