THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 24,
now, as I do not -wish to speak until I have heard
all that gentlemen desire to offer.
Mr. BROOKS. I wish to call the attention
(jf members of the House to the fact, that this
•whole subject was discussed at great length last
year, and all the facts which could be elucidated,
were brought out in the course of the debate,
and from the documents laid before the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, of which I had then
the honor of being-a member. These surmises,
these ambiguous voices which the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Disney] hat. *given utterance
to, as has also the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
McMullin,] were scattered not so much through
this House as they were through the newspapers,
and I, as a friend of the Administration, as inti-
mately connected .with the President of the United
States, biding a member of his own State, felt it
my duty to rise upon the floor of this House, and
state such surmises and suspicions were afloat,
and I called upon the House to take action upon
the matter at that time, before they voted upon the
appropriation. T^his is the fact, and every gentle-
man who was then a" member knows that such
was the fact. The mode of payment X did not
approve; and in the course of the discussion of
that bill, I submitted a proposition, I may say, on
behalf of some of the friends of the Administra-
tion, certainly of this portion of the House, and
with whom I was connected, that that contract be
Fut up, as loans are put up, to the lowest bidder.
stated to the House, and I have the debate and
record before me, that however the House then
acted, having all of these facts before them, it was
not in the power of members hereafter upon this
floor, as fair men to the Administration, to rise
again and make opposition, when the House had
had the opportunity of putting this contract up to
the lowest bidder. I did not approve of the man-
ner that it was proposed by the Committee of
Ways and Means to make the payment. In and
out of committee I resisted that mode of payment;
and I said at that time that 1 wished to make a
record, and that I wished the House to stand upon
the record in throwing the facts before the House,
or before the country, with all the surmises and
imputations against the President and the Secre-
tary of State. I wished the House either to in-
dorse or reject the action of the Administration,
and as a friend of that Administration, I wished
that contract to be put up to the lowest bidder.
How did the House act? I obtained only fifty
votes for it in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and that after a great struggle,
and with difficulty; but when the question was
brought before the House 1 could not obtain
enough for it to make a record, by the call of the
yeas and nays. There were but fifteen members
who rose upon the floor and were disposed to
make the record. If the contract had been put up
to the lowest bidder at that time, a large sum of
money would have been made by the Government.
The House having passed this bill, it failed for
want of action in the other branch of Congress, and
there it died. It has so happened from the failure
of the bill to pass, that it is not in the power of the
contractors to make money. Now the only means
by which they could make money, was by having
the securities of this Government. They alone
would then have held the securities of the Gov-
ernment, and could loan money to Mexico, having
adequate securities for its repayment. There
being no appropriation upon the part of this
House and Government, they had no securities
whereby they could lend money to Mexico so as
to secure a repayment, and thereby they have
been deprived of the means of making- the prolils
1 anticipated, and which they would have made .
had the law passed both Houses of Congress.
There now has arisen altogether a different state I
of things from what existed then. The faith of h
the Government is pledged in the treaty of Gua- !i
dalupe Hidalgo. In May next the payment must ||
be made—no matter what it costs under the
treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo. There is no time
to put it up as a loan and offer it to the highest
bidder. There is no means by which the Gov-
ernment can make the three and a half per cent,
it had m its power to make then. The contract-
ors, or whosoever take it, can hardly, I think—
though I have not studied the state of exchanges 
make anything at all under any sort of contract,
such as they*would have made had the appropria-
tion passed at that time. The gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Disney,] and the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. McMullin,] both old members with
'myself, had all of these facts before them. The
country possessed also a knowledge of all these
facts. They are, sir, all upon the record to a
great extent. If it had been the desire of the
House to take the responsibility, and the House
could have taken it, not to pass the bilLas it did
pass, without fifteen members rising to call for
the yeas and nays, I say to the gentleman that
it is not fair dealing; it is not honorable, after a
friend of the Administration-rose upon the floor of
the House and challenged investigation, and pre-
dicted that this state of things would arise here,
now a year after to scatter forth these ambiguous
voices and these reproaches. It is not necessary
for me to defend the President of the United
States. I scorn to defend him against any re-
proach of bribery or corruption made here. If
there is in this House one who will make these
charges against the President of the United States,
he will make a mark for himself which aftertime
will declare to be more disgraceful than the impu-
tation involved. He is a man above any eulo-
gium. I challenge, in his behalf, investigation
from beginning to end. I challenge any member
standing at the head of any committee, to make
any charge. I will vote for any committee of
investigation whatsoever. As for the Secretary
of State", I do not know with what propriety
charges are made against him here;this, more than
they were last year. It was in the power of this
House to have taken the responsibility of making
that contract as I proposed—to give it to the low-
est. bidder. I do not believe—nay I feel assured
of it as any man can be, that there was no dis-
honesty, no corruption, no reproach to be attached
to the Secretary of State. I investigated and ex-
plained all of those facts, and the connection he
had with that transaction, in my speech published
at length in the Congressional Globe, now before
me. i said then what [ say now, that it ought to
have been put up as a loan to the highest bidder.
That was my impression at that time, and is my
impression now. But no contract was made, and
no contract could be made which would bind this
House in any manner whatsoever. It was not in
the power of any department of this Government
to make a contract for the negotiation of its pay-
ment before an appropriation upon the part of
Congress had been made. The GovernmeiTt
could make an arrangement only after the appro-
priation had been made.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Does the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Brooks] say
that the Secretary of State had entered into no
contract as to the manner of paying this debt and
the person by whom it was to be paid 5
Mr. BROOKS. I say now as I did then, that
it was not in the power of the Secretary of State
to enter into any contract, and that whatsoever ar-
rangement, or contract if you choose to call it so,
he made, was known to the contracting parties to
depend upon the appropriation by this House of
the three millions—that it was subject to the ac-
tion of the House. The action of this House was
the approval of the arrangement., and the appro-
priation was carried by an immense majority, so
large that it was not in my power to obtain the
yeas and nays upon the record. I trust I am un-
derstood by the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Marshall,] for this is an important point. I do
not know that I have anything more necessary to
be said for the vindication of my course upon this
subject. I only wish to be understood further, if
I have not been sufficiently understood, that now
there is entirely a different state of things from
what there was last year. The treaty of Guada-
lupe Hidalgo must be immediately fulfilled, and
the quicker this law passes the two Houses of
Congress, upon the better terms can arrangements
be made; and the longer it is put off the more it
will cost the country. Therefore it is the interest
of this House to let the Departments make the ar-
rangement or contract in whatsoever mannd** is
most beneficial to this Government. *
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia, obtained the floor,
but gave way to—
Mr. GIDDTNGS. I desire to make but a few
remarks upon this subject.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I rise to a
question of order. Do I understand the gentle-
man to yield the floor unconditionally?
Mr. BAYLY. I cannot yield the floor for ex-
planation; but I have no objection to yiekling it
unconditionally. I presume, considering the offi-
cial connection I stand m relation to this matter,
that it will be the pleasure of the House to allow
me to be heard. I do not want to speak until
have heard all that is to be said.
■ Cries of " Certainly !"]
Mr. GIDDINGS. This being.the-first oppor-
tunity I have had, I will throw myself upon the
indulgence of the House for a few minutes, in
reply to my colleague, [Mr. Taylor,] which will
be about as much in order as anything that has
been said upon this question. [Laughter.]
[Cries of " Certainly!" " Go ahead!"]
The subj ect-matter of the resolution, it will be re-
membered , was an expression of our sympathy for
Governor Kossuth, and inviting him to this body
for the part which he took in the struggle for free-
dom by the people "of Hungary. Several gentle-
men upon this floor most strenuously opposed the
adoption of the«resolution, and among others my
colleague, [Mr. Taylor.] In the remarks which
he made, ana which I did not notice, and which
it was not my intention to notice, he made a very
direct allusion to me as one holding extreme opin-
ions, and that sort of thing, soTommon are the
allusions to my opinions by#ther gentlemen, as
well as my colleague, when they have nothing to-
say, that I never think of replying to them.
However, upon that occasion, finding my col-
league, a few years since, together with several
other gentlemen, opposing that resolution, had
taken a course which appeared to me to be directly
opposed to the one they were pursuing on the
occasion just referred to, I, with the utmost good:
feeling, and with not a single thought of ill will to
any human being upon the earth, I took the priv-
ilege of referring to their former action upon a
resolution of sympathy with the people of France.
Now, I call the committee to bear testimony, that
there was nothing unkind in my remarks—that I
showed no malignity or ill will to my colleague.
God forbid that I should. I intended simply to'
exhibit what appeared to me to be his incon-
sistency upon the one subject only, of having
voted for the resolutions of sympathy with F.rance,
and now opposing the resolutions of sympathy
with Hungary, as he did. I sent, therefore, to
the Clerk's desk the resolutions as they were in-
troduced, and two of them were read. They
were not all read, as my colleague has asserted,
though I have no idea he intended any misrepre-
sentation. I did not at that time recollect or bear
in mind that those resolutions were amended sub-
sequently. But when afterwards reminded of it
by the gentleman over the way, [Mr. Venaele,]i
in the report of my remarks I directed the re-
porter to insert the resolution as amended instead
of the resolution as read, and it went out to the
world with the literal truth yi all its parts. I did
it with the utmost pleasure, and I so informed my
colleague at thetime; and at that time he expressed
no dissatisfaction. Had he done so, I should
have endeavored to satisfy him. ■ I then under-
stood him to be perfectly satisfied, and other gen-
tlemen alluded to in my remarks declared them-
selves perfectly satisfied.
But to the point: The resolution of sympathy
with France was the subject of every -word
that I spoke in relation to my colleague. I made
no reference to mere words; and my remarks ap-
plied to the resolution as passed, with all the force
that they referred to the resolution as introduced.
There was, then, in point of fact, no injustice to
my colleague—none intended, none perpetrated
upon him. Yet there was a technical difference
in the resolutions as introduced and as passed; and
as I have before stated, he seized upon that vari-
ance of words, not of substance, for the purpose
of attributing to me a wanton attack upon him,
and, in the exuberance of his good humor, to say
that " I must, therefore, believe it was the design
of the gentleman to misrepresent me knowingly,
willfully, and maliciously, by a false allegation."
Well, it gives me great pleasure to believe that my
colleague is the only human being upon the sur-
face of the earth who entertains such an opinion.
As I have already stated, the resolution as adopt-
ed, for which he voted, was in substance the same
astheresolutionoffered. My colleague, in making
his statement, was guilty of perpetrating two or
three mistakes, to which I will call his attention.
The resolutions, as they were introduced, my col-
league says, were not received. The gentleman
