1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
is mistaken. He appears to have been not only
in favor of the resolution as introduced" by our
colleague at that time, [Mr. Cummings,] but he
voted to suspend the rules of this House in order
to have them introduced, and the rules were sus-
pended and the resolutions received. They'were
discussed through the day. Now, far be it from
me to say that my colleague intended any misrep-
resentation. It must have escaped his examina-
tion. Yet I have as much reason to charge him
with willful and malicious intention as he had to
-charge me. Again: On the 10th of April, a week
subsequently, my colleague expressed his appro-
bation for the resolutions as originally introduced
by again voting to suspend the rules in order to take
them up for discussion. The rules were again sus-
pended—the resolutions were again taken up and
■discussed, and in the course of that day they were
■amended, and as amended my colleague voted for
them. Here is the whole length and breadth of
his case. As I said before, I had no idea of cen-
suring my colleague any further than to show his
sympathy with France by voting for those resolu-
tions, and his opposition to one expressing sym-
pathy with Hungary. My colleague has mis-
taken me, when he says I have made any misrep-
resentation in regard to him knowingly. I thought
the gentleman had been guilty of impropriety,
and I felt it deeply. When I saw him here during
that day in his military manner—for my colleague
is a general, [laughter,]—march out of the Hall,
and when the tellers were counting he counter-
marching instead of marching 
Mr. TAYLOR. Will the gentleman repeat his
remark ? I did not understand him.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I will state it again. You,
sir, and every member upon this floor recollects
«pon that day, when we attempted to take a vote
upon this resolution, my colleague came up miss-
ing in this Hall.
Mr. TAYLOR. What resolution ?
Mr. GIDDINGS. I mean the resolution wel-
coming Governor Kossuth to a seat upon this floor.
Mr. TAYLOR. I voted against it. If the gen-
tleman says I did not, he misrepresents me most
grossly.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Let me tell my colleague,
that my eyes and those of others were upon him
while we were in committee, where no vote was
jrecorded, and engaged in an endeavor to break up
the committee by faction, by disorganizing, by
revolutionary measures; and refused to show him-
•seif upon the vote, when the roll of members was
called. This is what I mean to say'. I did not
intend to say, that in the House, where a record
was kept, my colleague failed to vote. No, sir;
it was to delay, to break up the committee, and
prevent by factious measures the passage of that [
resolution, that my colleague failed to march for- j
ward, but counter-marched out of the Hall, in- ;
■stead of marching between the tellers. It gives I
me pain to allude to this matter. But he is a rep- ;
resentative of the State of Ohio, and I felt that the j
dignity of my State was compromitted by her rep- j
resentative upon this floor becoming factious and j
disorderly, to prevent the passage of that resolu- j
<tion. I felt it deeply, and it was no part of my
intention ever to have named it, had not my-col-
league charged me with maliciously misrepresent-
ing him on a subject of comparatively no import- ;
ance. I should have never named it, but for the
reason that it would do neither him, nor myself,
nor any other person any good. !
Mr. CAMPBELL. I do not know that I dis- ;
.tinctly understood the remarks of my colleague, 1
[Mr. Giddings.] Do I understand him to say, :
or to insinuate, that those of his colleagues who >
voted in the minority upon the Kossuth resolu- ,
;tion, engaged ill a factious movement to defeat m ;
thi^'House the passage of the resolution ? ;
Mr GIDDINGS. My colleague could not
have listened. fVhen he calls upon me and at- |
tacks me, 1 will reply. '
Mr. CAMPBELL. I do not attack my col- ,
GTRDINGS. If he never attacks me, I :
shall never assail him. . .
Mr CAMPBELL. When it is necessary for
.my own defence I will unquestionably do it I do
not propose to do it at this time. All I wish to do
is this, to prevent my colleague or any other mem-
ber of this House from placing that minority m a
false position. I voted, then, against the raising of
a committee to send for Kossuth throughout, as will
be seen by reference to the Journals. I do not re-
gret having done so; and I desire to say now, with
a view of correcting the misrepresentation which
hasgoneabroadin reference to my own course, that
I invariably voted to keep up a quorum, and re-
fused to join in what has been termed the "factious
opposition;" and I call upon gentlemen who voted
with me to attest the fact, that throughout all the
controversy I endeavored to bring this House to a
directvote. I wasready to "face the music" upon
that question, as I hope I ever shall be, on all
questions.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I am very glad to give my
colleague an opportunity to set himself right, but
really I cannot see the pertinency of the gentle-
man's throwing his head in between me and my
colleague, [Mr. Taylor.] [Laughter.]
Mr. CAMPBELL. 1 just entered the Hall
and understood my colleague to say that his State
had been degraded by the votes of his colleagues
who acted with the minority on the Kossuth res-
olution. I wished to understand him on this point
only, and intend to take no part in the "private
fight" between my two colleagues, [Messrs. Gid-
dings and Taylor.]
Mr. GIDDINGS. It is very important for a
gentleman to keep himself right in this Hall and in
these days.
Mr. CAMPBELL. It is very important, too,
to keep others from putting him wrong.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I said that I never should
have referred to the dodgmgs of my colleague [Mr.
Taylor] m this matter if he had not assailed me
as he did. I know, as I was remarking, that one
of the first lessons in the military school was—if I
recollect aright, but it is a good many years since
I served as an officer or a soldier—facing to the
right, to the left, and to the right-about, and 1
thought that my colleague was a little too rapid in
that kind of facing about, [laughter,] yet I had no
intention to speak of it, and now ask pardon of
the committee for having detained them thus long
on this point. But there was another remark of
my colleague's that looks a little frightfully.
[Laughter.] He says:
" Sir, I would say to him, that it is equally necessary for
politicians to have honesty, and to speak the truth. And
now, Mr. Chairman, let me ask you, and honorable gentle-
men on this floor, with what grace or propriety he dares—"
Coffee and pistols, sir, for two if you please.
[Laughter.] "He dares!"—Mr. Chairman, I
hardly like to repeat the words that follow. Why,
does my colleague really suppose that I have sat
here for so many years in this Hall and do not
dare to speak the tiuth, no matter when it comes
or who it affects? The gentleman from North
Carolina, [Mr. Stanly,] had a shot at me the
other day. Well, I love to contend with slave-
holders; there is something generous, and noble,
and frank about them; buta dough-face—hands off.
[Great laughter.] I repeat again that when my
colleague uses this sort of language, that I have
willfully and knowingly and maliciously misrep-
resented him, he is taking a liberty that he is not
authorized to take. I had never, myself, enter-
tained the idea that it was nn object with me to
assail him. [Laughter.] Let me say to the House
and to the world, that this killing flies with a bod-
kin is no very big business. [Renewed laughter.]
It is an amusement that may do well for children,
but it belongs not to statesmen, and now 1 have
said all I wish to say upon that point.
I desire to say a word, and orjly a word, upon
the subject immediately before us—m regard to
the payment of this Mexican indemnity. I had
prepared an amendment, which has been taken
from my desk since I rose to speak, providing that
it shall be the duty of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury or of the Secretary of State—-just as gentle-
men choose, for I wish not to enter into the
controversy upon that point—to pay over to the
authorized agent of Mexico the amount of money
due to her, if such authorized agent shall request
it, in this city or in New York, without further
hesitation or delay. That is the substance of my
amendment, if I recollect it aright, and the gen-
tleman from Tennessee [Mr. Johnson] has, I
believe, presented one nearly like it. It seems to
me that it is due to our Government that this
money shall be forthcoming m such manner as to
Mexico shall be most acceptable. It is a treaty
stipulation, and if—as has been stated in this Hall
and in the newspapers of the country—she wishes
the payment of this money in the city of Wash-
ington or New York, let fier have it. I am not
disposed to put it in. the hands of any bankers,
or speculators, or stock-jobbers, to enable, them
to speculate on the Government of Mexico, ,by
purchasing up her bonds, as hfiM been alluded to
here to-day. . t
One word, before I go further, in reply to the
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Marshall,]
who spoke of a contract, and also in reply to the
communication which was read this morning.
Who has entered into a contract? Have we au-
thorized any officer of this Government to do it?
N ot at all. And not only so, but the parties who,-
it is said, have contracted for the payment of this
money, tell us, in the communication which we
received to-day, that they no longer regard them-
selves in the light of contractors. If, therefore,
the Secretary of State has entered into a contract
—which he was never authorized to do—his ne-
gotiations are already rendered obsolete by the
failure of the Government to act at the last ses-
sion; he is released from the contract by this
communication, and we are at liberty to_ take
up the subject as an original proposition, without
embarrassing the Secretary of State, or counter-
acting any of his negotiations whatever,. In this
state of facts, it is urged that the Mexican Gov-
ernment will allow us one per cent, more than
these bankers propose, to have the money paid
over here rather than in Mexico; yet I would not
take that amount from the Mexican Government
under the present existing circumstances. I
would not take one dollar;, but I would meet the
obligation of this nation as it stands, promptly,
andlet Mexico, if she chaoses, have the money
here in this city $r in New York, or, if she
chooses, I would allow the Government to make
arrangements to pay it over in the city of Mexi-
co. That I understand to be the proposition of
the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Johnson,]
and for that I am prepared to vote. These specu-
lators say that they can make nothing out of this
payment, and we do not want to put anything
mto their pockets. We wish to have no advan-
tage taken of the Government of Mexico, and
therefore let her have the money here.
Let me say to those gentlemen who were not
here during the discussion on this subject at the
last session of Congress, that it was then stated
that these bankers go to Mexico and sell their
bills for specie, and then purchase up Mexican
bonds at a discount of twenty to twenty-five per
cent. 1 do not know that it is so, but #t was so
stated. Now, I would avoid all that. Let Mex-
ico have her money, and have it without discount
and without subtracting from the original sum.
Mr. TAYLOR. It is with some little regret
that I find myself called upon by the unexpected
attack of my colleague [Mr. Giddings] who has
just sat down, to address the committee at this
time. There is a bill of very great importance
before us which I am anxious to see passed, and
I will not delay its passage by any unnecessary
discussion. With reference to this bill, I concur
in the main in the views which have been pre-
sented by the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Marshall,] and the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Brooks,] and other gentlemen who have
addressed the committee in favor of its passage.
I regret that my colleague should have thought
proper to make this unpiovoked attack upon me.
He has waited until the 20th of the month to re-
spond to what I said upon the 2d. I had reason
at that time—as J will show the committee—to be-
lieve that what I then said was true, and that my
colleague intended to misrepresent me, by making
a false allegation. I have listened to him this
morning, with some attention, to see if he would
put himself right before the country, for there is
no man in this House, or out of it, who, when he
finds himself in error, will more readily admit it
than myself, and I am ever ready to do all that is
proper towards those whom I may have improp-
erly accused. But I wish to state to this com-
mittee, and to the country, what I said upon the
2d of January, that my colleague from the Ash-
tabula district, [?vlr. Giddings,] who has always
been opposed to me since we have been together
in this House, during the last four years, did have
read at the Clerk's desk a series of resolutions
which were offered by Mr. Cummings, of Ohio,
who was then my colleague, and he charged me
in the debate with voting for that series of reso-
lutions, when no direct vote was ever taken upon
