1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1235
An act (No. 178) for the relief of Thos. Rhodes.
[By Mr. Robbins, to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.]
An act (No. 3) granting the right of way to the
State of Missouri, and a portion of the public
lands to aid in the construction of certain railroads
in said State. [By Mr. Hall, to the Committee
on Public Lands.]
An act (No, 3G) to .authorize the State of Wis-
consin to select the residue of the land to which
that State is entitled under the act of 8th of Au-
gust, 1846, to aid in the improvement of the Fox
and Wisconsin rivers. [By Mr. Hall, to the
Committee on Public Lands.]
An act (No. 10S) making- an appropriation for
the erection of a marine hospital at Portland,
Maine, [By Mr. Appleton, of Maine, to the
Committee on Commerce.]
An act (No. 121) granting to the State of Ar-
kansas the right of way, and a portion of the pub-
lic land, to aid in the construction of railroads in
that State. [By Mr. Johnson, of Arkansas, to
the Committee on Public Lands.]
A resolution (No. 23) to provide for straighten-
ing the eastern boundary line of the naval hos-
pital lands at New York. [By Mr. Stanton, of
Tennessee, to the Committee on Naval Affairs.]-
An act (No. 163) for the relief'of G-. Thomas
Howard. [By Mr. Bayly, of Virginia, to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs.]
An act (No. 181) for the relief of William C.
E'aston. [By Mr. Sweetser, to the Committee
on Military Affairs.]
An act (No. 18(5) for the relief of Bryan Calla-
ghan. [By Mr. Howard, to the Committee on
Military Affairs.]
An act (No. 250) to divide the State of Ohio
into two judicial districts, and to provide for hold-
ing the district and circuit courts of the United
States therein. [By Mr. Newton-, to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.]
An act (No. 39) to authorize the payment of
invalid pensions in certain cases. [By Mr. Har-
ris,'of Tennessee, to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions.]
An act (No. 53) to compensate the owners of
certain military lands in the State of Kentucky,
granted to the officers and soldiers of the Virginia
State line of the army of the Revolution, which
have been taken by paramount claims. [By Mr.
Hall, to the Committee on Private Land Claims.]
An act (No. 271) amendatory of existing laws
relative to the half dollar, quarter dollar, and half
dime. [By Mr. Houston, to the Committee of
Ways and Means.]
An act (No. 52) increasing the salary of the
district judge of the United States for the district
ofNew Hampshire. [By Mr. Hibbard, to the
Committee on the Judiciary.]
An act (No. 324) to enable the proper account-
ing officers to complete a settlement with Captain
Henry L. Kinney. [By Mr. Howard, to the
Committee on Military Affairs.]
An act (No. 328) for the relief of Seneca G-.
Simmons. [By Mr. Johnson, of Arkansas, to
the Committee on Indian Affairs.]
An act (No. 333) to change the name of Joseph
Lewis Breese, a midshipman in the Navy of the
United States. [Bv Mr. Chandler, to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.]
An act (No. 331) to grant to certain settlers on
the Menomonee Purchase, north of Fox river, in
the State of Wisconsin, the right of preemption.
[By Mr. Hall, to the Committee on Public
Lands.}
An act (No. 314) for the relief of James Jones.
[By Mr. Robbins, to the Committee on Private
Land Claims.]
An act (No. 227) for the relief of Francis E.
Baden. [By Mr. Harris, of Tennessee, to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.]
An act (No. 2) to grant to the State of Ohio the
unsold and unappropriated lands remainingin that
State. [By Mr. Sweetser, to the Committee on
Public Lands.]
WILLIAM A. CHRISTIAN.
Senate bill No. 162, for the relief of William A.
Christian, was next taken up, and read a first and
second time by its title.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I move that it be
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I move that
it be referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. BAYLY. I know the character of the bill.
It concerns a purser in the Navy, was referred to
that committee in the Senate, and I think ought to
go to that committee in this House.
" Mr. STANTON. I beg leave to say to the
gentleman that it does not go to the Committee on
Naval Affairs more appropriately than did a bill
which the House a little while ago referred to the
Committee on Claims. I hope the House will be
consistent with itself, and refer it to the Commit-
tee on Claims.
Mr. COBB. I will say to the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Bayly,] and the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Stanton,] that the Committee on
Revisal and Unfinished Business have not a soli-
tary bill before them; and if nobody else will take
this bill, I presume they will not object to taking
it. [Laughter.]
The question was first put upon referring the
bill to the Committee on Naval Affairs, and it was
not agreed to—ayes 31, noes not counted.
The bill was then referred to the Committee on
Claims.
WILLIAM SPEIDEN.
Senate bill No. 217, for the relief of William
Speiden, was next taken up, and read a first and
second time by its title.
Mr. CHANDLER. I would ask, from the pe-
culiar circumstances connected with this bill, that
it be put upon its passage. It is the case of a
purser in the Navy, who desires that his ac-
counts may be settled before he goes to sea. I
ask that the bill may be read through, for the in-
formation of the House.
The bill was read through by the Clerk. -
Mr. CARTTER. I would inquire if that bill
does not make an appropriation?
The SPEAKER. It does.
Mr. CARTTER. Then we cannot put it upon
its passage now.
Mr. CHANDLER. I should be glad if we
could get the bill upon its passage in some way.
I think it is a bill which demands our immediate
action.
Mr. CARTTER. I move that the bill be re-
ferred to the Committee on Claims.
The question was put and the motion agreed to.
LAWS OF THE UNITED STATES.
Joint resolution No. 15 of the Senate, author-
izing the purchase of the ninth volume of the Laws
of the United States was next taken up and read
a first and second time by its title.
Mr. JENKINS. I hope that resolution will be
put on its passage. I ask that it may be read for
the information of the House.
The resolution was then read through.
Mr. JENKINS. I would remark with regard
to that resolution, that noofficer of the House, nor
any committee of the House, has a single copy of
this ninth volume. And from the great incon-
venience, not only to the committees of the House,
but to the officers of the House, arising from the
want of this volume, I hope the resolution will be j
put upon its passage, and that it will be passed.
[Cries of " Move the previous question!"] i
Mr. JENKINS. Well, t move the previous j
question. '
The previous question was seconded, and the i
main question ordered to be put, and under the j
operation thereof the resolution was read a third j
time and passed. |
Mr. JENKINS. I move that the vote by which !
the resolution was passed be reconsidered, and
that the motion to reconsider do lie on the table. |
The question was put on the latter motion, and \
it was agreed to. i
Senate bill No. 14, granting to the State of Ala- j
bama the right of way and a donation of public i
lands for making a railroad from Selma to the j
Tennessee river, was taken up and read a first and ;
second time by its title. j
Mr. COBB. I move to refer that bill to the Com-1
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union. j
Mr.'HOUSTON. I do not propose to interfere j
with my colleague's disposition of that bill; but I ■
would suggestthat, inasmuch as all theother bills of !
that nature have gone to the Committee on Public j
Lands, the condition of his bill would be better if j
he would allow it to go there also. {
Mr. COBB. The condition of it will be bad j
enough any how, so far as our reaching it is con-1
cemed. 1, however, prefer that it should go to s
the Committee of the Whole on the state.of the
Union.
Mr. HOUSTON. Well, I will not make afty
other motion.
The question was then taken, and the bill was
referred to the Committee of the. Whole on the
state of the Union.
Senate bill No. 179, for the relief St. John's
church, in the city of Washington, was next taken
up, and read a first and second time by its"title,
Mr. POLK. That bill seems to be for a chari-
table purpose, and I think we might as well dis-
pose of it now. I move to suspend the rules for
the purpose of putting it upon its passage.
The bill was read through by the-Clerk for in-
formation.
The SPEAKER. The bill contains an appro-
priation, and must go to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. My own impres-
sion is, that it involves an important legal question,
and ought to be referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary. My own opinion is, that as a church
is not a corporate body we cannot transfer the
land to it. 1 move that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
The question was put, and the motion agreed to.
i SALARIES OF TERRITORIAL OFFICERS.
' Senate bill No. 175, relating to the salaries of
i officers of the Territories of the United States, and
j to repeal the proviso in the act entitled An act
| 1 makingappropriations for the civil and diplomatic
' ' expeuses of the Government for the year ending
! the 30th June, 1852, and for other purposes," ap-
j proved March 3, 1851, was next taken up7 and
read a first and second time by its title.
Mr. STUART. I move to referthatbill to the
Committee on the Territories.
Mr. McLANAHAN. 1 move to put that bill
upon .its passage. The Committee on the Judici-
ary have had a fcopy of that bill under its consid-
eration, and they have instructed me to report it
in the form in which it now stands. I hope the
gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Stuart] will with-
draw the motion to refer to the Committee on the
Territories, and allow the bill to be put upon its
passage.
Mr. STUART. This bill has not been directly
considered by the Committee on Territories, but
incidently it has. It may have been considered by
the Committee on the Judiciary. But I think it
involves certain inquiries which belong exclusively
to theCommitteeon theTerritories—certainly ques-
tions which are highly important to the Territo-
ries themselves. This question of how long terri-
■ torial officers, and especially judicial officers, may
j be absent from our remote Territories, has become
' a very important one; and i think this measure,
' which proposes to change the law from what it
1 now is, ought to be considered by that committee,
and all the facts of the case ought to be brought
fully befoie the House before any bill is passed
upon the subject whatever.
This piovision, which it is sought to repeal, as
I understand it, is a provision prohibiting these
officers from leaving the Territory under certain
restrictions; and among those restrictions is one, if
I mistake not, which lakes from these their pay.
Now, the Committeeon theTerritorieshaveasuffi-
cient amount of evidence before them in regard to
this matter to enable them to say to this House
that at this time this very act is one fraught with
a vast amount of evil; and befoie a changeismade
in the law as it now stands, or before any bill
making that change is passed into a law, I think
the matter should be fully investigated and fairly
submitted to the House. I beg the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. McLanahax] to consider
that I mean to show no disrespect to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary, when I say that this subject
is much more legitimately under the jurisdiction
of the Committee on the Territories than that of
the Committee on the Judiciary, and \ trust this
bill will take that direction. Inasmuch as a week
is set apart for the consideration of territorial busi-
ness—the third one in May-—there is no danger of
any delay that will be deleterious to the interests
of the public. This business comes up as a special
order, and can be acted on by the House at that
time advisedly. '
Mr. McLANAHAN. In passing the general
appropriation bills, the 3d of March, 18ol, a pro-
j viso was inserted depriving Territorial officers,
