1286
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 3,
who should absent themselves for more than sixty
days, of all their salaries. This bill proposes to
repeal thatpioviso, and in its stead proposes to
enact that, if any officer shall be absent from the
Territories without the leave of the President of
the United States first obtained, or without after-
wards furnishing to the President satisfactory
proof that his absence was necessary, shall not
receive, during said absence, the pay to which he
would otherwise have been entitled to under the
law.
Xt is well known that the extraordinary circum-
stances which occurred, within the last year, in
the Territory of Utah, have induced two of the
judges to desert their positions. It is impossible
for, them, under the" existing iaw, to obtain any
compensation for any services they have rendered,
or may render hereafter. These judges thus re-
main here unpaid, and it is impossible, under the
circumstances, for them to receive any remuner-
ation until they return to the Territory m which
they preside. The bill now before the House pro-
vides for their payment for the time they are ab-
sent. "Whether they had sufficient cause to induce
them to leave their positions or not, 1 wil! not now
pretend to determine. If this bill shall become a
law, it will provide that they shall receive some
compensation for the time for which they have
held their offices. As the law now stands, it
would be impossible for an appointee to return
home to look- to his family, or for any other pur-
pose whatever, so as to Ce absent for more than
sixty days, without being deprived of his entire
salary.
Now, sir, the Judiciary Committee in the Senate
had this bill under charge,and it passed the Senate,
as I have heard, with but one vote against it. A
copy of the bill was informally handed to the
Committee on the Judiciary of tins House, which,
after considering its provisions, instructed me to
report in its favor; and it is for that reason, sir,
that I moved the amendment I did to the motion
of the gentleman from Michigan, [Mr. Stuart,]
that this bill be now put upon its passage. It
strikes me, sir, for the reasons I have suggested,
as well as for the general propriety of the modifi-
cation of this law, that this House ought at once
to proceed to its consideration.
Mr. SIBLEY, in reference to this subject, 1
wish to stale that the clause appended to the ap-
propriation bill at the last session of the last Con-
gress, was inserted by the gentleman from Ten-
nessee, (Mr. Gentry,] and met my approbation.
My own Territory had suffered so much from the
absence of its officers, for months together, that I
was willing to brine: the subject, In some manner
or other, to the notice of this Mouse; and when
that proposition was introduced here, it was passed
without any serious opposition; indeed, almost
unanimously. I have been spoken to frequently
in regard to the operation of this law upon the
more distant Territories. 1 am not here to speak
with reference to those Territories, nor have I any-
thing to say m connection with the law referred
to, except so far as the interests of my own con-
stituents are affected thereby.
Now, sir, I have prepared an amendment to
thix resolution, which, if it is put upon its passage,
in accordance with the suggestion of the gentleman
f.-om Pennsylvania, [Mr. McLavaiia.v,] would
do away with the effect intended by that resolu-
tion, and leave the enactment as it now is, making
if, however, optional with the President of the
United States, in case of absolute necessity, to
excuse an officer for being absent more than sixty
days. 1 think that the original proviso, withhold-
ing e-ajary from any officer who is absent for more
than sixty days fiom his Territory, without o-ood
cause caYrbe shown for such absence, is a pioper
and just one. And I hope that that clause in the
bill, if it is now put upon its passage, will be left
as it now is in the last appropriation bill. By the
present resolution, if an officer is absent from his
post for sixty days or upwards during the same
year, without permission of the President, he
merely loses his pay for the time of his absence.
The difference between the two is a very es.sentiai
one, and I do not believe the provisions of the
proposed resolution are sufficient to keep these offi-
cers at home, if they have a desire to absent them-
selves.
Mr HALL, (interrupting.) I suppose the gen-
tleman understands this matter, and J wish to
ask him if, according to his recollection, theabuses
under the old law were not so enormous, that this
House unanimously passed the provision which
this bill proposes to repeal?
Mr. SIBLEY 1 have just stated to the House
that this clause placed in the appropriation bill
met with my approval, and that the abuses com-
plained of were of so grave a character, as to de-
mand some action on the part of Congress. -
Mr. HALL. I wish to ask the gentleman if he
finds that the provisions of the present law acts
injuriously upon the people of his Territory ?
Mr. SIBLEY. I reply, that so far as my own
Territory is concerned, I do not believe that it
does operate injuriously; but 1 am not prepared to
speak for the people of other Territories, or of the
operations of that clause of the hill, within their
limits.
- Mr. HALL. I would ask the gentleman from
Minnesota, if, so far as his knowledge extends,
the present law is not a beneficial one m its opei-
ation upon the Territories?
Mr. SIBLEY. I beg leave to answer the gen-
tleman by repeating, that I am insisting upon that
very fact. 1 do not wish any law of Cougress to
have a special bearing upon the officers of Minne-
sota Tei ritory. - Such action would justly be re-
garded as reflecting upon them. 1 desire the offi-
cers of all the Territories to be included in the
same category, and that they may all be subjected
to the same penalty, tor absenting themselves for
more than a reasonable time fiom their posts.
Mr. STUART. 1 merely wish to say, Mr.
Speaker, that this subject of territorial officers,
and of their conduct, especially those connected
with the Judicuuy, is one of much greater mag-
nitude than gentlemen may seem to suppose, from
what has fallen from honorable members in this
House to-day; and inasmuch as there is no evil
to grow out of it by postponing it for two weeks—
that ih no considerable evil—when the House will
be advised thoroughly ot the whole effect of it, I
certainly think the reference which 1 have moved
ought to be made.
Now, 1 refrain purposely from expressing any
views in regard to the conduct of those judicial
officers. 1 do not think that the sentiment of this
House should be afi'e ted by any previous annun-
ciation upon the subject. I will say that I have
from the President of the United States, inciden-
tally, that this subject has given him more trouble
than any other one that has come under his super-
vision within the year. It is one of great magni-
tude, and one which requires the attention of
Congress. I insist, theieforc, upon my motion;
and lor the purpose of determining the question,
as well as of preventing its consuming the time of
the House, I call for the previous question.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I trust the
gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Stuart] will allow
i me to say a few words.
i Mr. STUART. So far as I am concerned, I
■ have no objection to giving the gentleman an op-
| poi(unity to make any statement. I made the
; motion because it seemed to be the sense of the
j House. If the House js disposed to hear the gen-
tleman, I have no objection, and will withdiaw my
j motion; but 1 hope he will renew it.
Mr. STANTON". I will renew the motion. I
! do not see how this question requires the grave
1 consideration, ornt least the length of time for con-
sideration, which the gentleman from Michigan
j [Mr. Stuart] seems to desire for that purpose.
; Now, sir, it is the simple question whether the
, officers of a Territory shall be permitted to absent
; themselves fern longer time than sixty days; and
! m the next place, whether, if they do so, the Pres-
ident should not hau1 the power to pay them their
i salaries notwithstanding, where the circumstances
1 would justify; or whether you should say peremp-
\ tor]ly,and without qualification, that when an offi-
I cer does absent himself he shall not be paid, what-
ever may be the circumstances, and however
| urgent may be the cause whiclnnduced him to be
' absent for that length of time. In regard to the
I statement made by the gentleman from Michigan,
j [Mr. Stuart,] in reference to the propriety of
i sending this particular bill to the Committee on :
! the Territories, the House knows, and every-
; bod)7 knows, that the conduct of the judicial offi-
- cers of the Terntoiy of Utah, or the report of
! those officers to the President of the United States,
! has been before ihnt committee for a number of
| months, and they have not reported anything in
■ regard to it. Those officers traveled from this
portion of the country to Utah; and on their way
to that Territory they were robbed by the Indians
of all of their property, and even their very clothes
were taken from their backs. "When they got to
that Territory they were virtually driven away,
and during the whole of this time they have not,
on account of the provisions of that law, been able
to receive one dollar of their salaries. I do not
think this bill ought to be longer postponed. It
should be put upon its passage at once. I think
there is.no provision m the bill that can require
more than a moment's consideration, if it is under-
stood. It proposes simply to change the operation
of the former proviso, so as to put it in the power
of the President to excuse officers from the opera-
tion of that proviso.
Mr. STEPHENS. I wish to inquire if the
gentleman proposes that those judicial officers
who run away from the Territory ought ever to
be pciid their salaries? The object of this bill is,
that they shall be paid. I give.the gentleman no-
tice that I am against it. I am against paying any
officer that runs away from the discharge of-his
duty. I not only would not pay them, but 1
would have them discharged.
Mr. STANTON. 1 take a view of this ques-
tion different from that taken by the gentleman
from Georgia, [ Mi. Stlpiiens.} I think the judi-
cial officeis of the Territory of Utah were forced
to leave. I think that they had no alternative left,
and that no honorable man who regarded his
character would have remained there under the
circumstances.
Mr. STEPHENS. Did not one of the judicial
officers yemain there ?
Mr. STANTON. Yes; but he joined the Mor-
mon Church* shortly after going there, and was
placed in a position to remain there. But I con-
ceive that the other gentlemen could not stay.
They were forced to go away; and I conceive the
President of the United States has scarcely done
his duty in making no recommendation in relation
tkeieto, and in taking no steps to maintain the
laws in that Territory. If the gentleman from
Michigan [Mr. Stuart] insists upon it, I call for
the pievious question.
Mr. STUART. Certainly I do.
Mr. STANTON. Then I am under, the neces-
sity of calling for the previous question, as 1 am
pledged to do so.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask the gentle-
man from Michigan, [Mr. Stuart*] that the mo-
tion may be withdrawn.
Mr. STUART. I consent to it.
Mr. STANTON. Then I withdraw the mo-
tion.
Mr. JONES. I have but a few words to say
upon this bill. It is composed of 'two sections.
The first one proposes to enact, or rather to re- •
enact, what the second section proposes to repeal.
The first one proposes to make as a permanent
law what is now the permanent law in the pro-
viso which that second section proposes to repeal;
and the first section, if I understand anything
about this bill, is placed there as a pretext for car-
lying through the second one.
Some gentlemen here say I am mistaken as to
the effect of the first section. The first section
proposes to provide that no territorial officer who
shall have absented himself from the Territory for
a longer period than sixty days, shall be paid his
salary, except under certain circumstances.
Mr. SlBLiEY. This bill from the Senate pro-
poses that if any territorial officer shall be absent
in any one year for the period of sixty days, he
shall not receive any pay for the time he shall be *
absent. There is an essential difference between
this clause and the law of last year, which speci-
fied that if any officer was absent for sixty days
in any one year, he should receive no salary for
the whole year.
Mr. JONES. The gentleman must be mista-
ken with regard to that proviso.
Mr. SIBLEY. Iam not mistaken. Such is
the construction given to it by the accounting offi-
cers of the Treasury.
Mr. JONES. The second section proposes to
repeal that proviso, so that it would give to certain
officers of one of the Territories their salary for the
time they have been absent from the post of their
duty, and, perhaps, for the whole year, if the con-
struction the gentleman puts upon it is correct.
Now, sir, I am opposed to paying officers any
salary except for the discharge of the duty in-
