1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
district; for I do not represent any particulrr party
in that district. I was elected by all three parties.
[Laughter.]
Mr. TAYLOR. When I referred to the four
members from Ohio who took an independent
position upon this question, it was not with the
desire of bringing about this colloquy. But I am
glad it has been brought about. I now only wish
to refer tci the fact that my colleague, [Mr. Gid-
dings,) who was so sensitive upon ray vote upon
questions of adjournment, andlittle questions of no
importance, has chosen to centre all his opposition
and censure upon me. Why, I do not know. I
have always treated him respectfully and kindly,
and never desired to treat him in any other way.
But there is something deeper about this matter yet
to come.
But I wish to say here, that from the first of
this proceeding in regard to the great Hungarian,
I saw that many gentlemen in this country were
greatly deceived. Those who styled themselves
Abolitionists, Liberty men, Free-Soilers, and Barn-
burners—or as they now wish to show themselves,
Free Democrats—were eager to take him in hand,
and make the most capital out of him they could.
And if they could blind and hoodwink Hunker
Democrats, and through this Kossuth fever and
excitement to strike a blow at the negro slavery of
the South, do that covertly and effectually. That
is the question, and why did not gentlemen see
it? Sir, I saw it and know it. You find men
belonging to that nefarious faction which the
great Kentucky statesman—no, the great American
statestmm—Henry Clay, whose voice we proba-
. bly shall never hear in either of these Halls again,
has pronounced—if not in words, substantially—
a curse upon the country, shuffling about, tariff
men and free-trade men alternatively, as you have
seen upon this floor when important questions
have been brought up, in order to conciliate South-
ern Democrats, and to hoodwink and blind them
against the nefarious crusade against their domestic
institutions. And conservative Northern men,
who stood up to the compromise measures, warned
you against it. Sir, I should not be surprised at
this coming presidential election, to find distin-
guished gentlemen calling themselves Democrats
m the South, shaking hands and burying the past
in oblivion, and clasping to their arms these
Liberty men and Abolitionists, for the sake of
what, sir? To elect some one to the Presidency
of the United States—an office which should never
be sought for, but always filled by the free and
independent choice of the whole people, without
reference to slavery or abolition. I take no pleas-
ure in saying here, that since the passage of the
compromise measures of the last Congress, as
they were called, especially the fugitive slave aw,
and for all of which X voted—that 1 have been
the object of attack from every quarter by this
chameleon-like party, calling themselves Free
Democrats. Look at it, gentlemen; see a mem-
ber comes here and makes a false allegation about
a colleague, and as he said he did not consider
me of any moment, he struck first at me, and then
at my friend from Virginia, [Mr. Bayly,] and my
friend from Worth Carolina, [Mr. Venable,] in
declaring in this House that we voted for a series
of resolutions in relation to the French and Italian
re^blutions, which were submitted to the House
for a direct vote on their merits. Sir, it is a small
way to get out of such a difficulty, for a gentle-
man to rise and say he intended nothing, when he
sent to the Clerk's desk a series of resolutions
which never came up for a final vote on their merits,
in this House, and that I never voted for—causing
them to be read by the Clerk, and alleging that I
had voted directly for them; and now he says he
was mistaken, after nearly three weeks have
elapsed, when he knew at the time that he was
wrong. ....
Mr. Chairman, it behooves the people of this
country to keep an eye upon the present excitement.
Every day is evolving some new facts. The es-
tablishment of an Abolition paper in New York
under the auspices of the Hungarian cooperators
of Kossuth, should open your eyes to the fact that
the Abolitionists have been endeavoring to make
political capital out of that great man's fame. I
yield to no man in this House or country in sym-
pathy with the great struggle for liberty in Hun-
gary. My heart was with them, and my hand
shall be with them so far as 1 am able; but I will
never yield the sacredness of republican principles
in my own country at the dictation of any for-
eigner, no matter how high I esteem him, and I
will never give my vote in this House, to show to
a_ foreign missionary, of libei ty if you please, a
higher honor than you or any man in-this House
would show to any living American citizen. If
General Jackson should rise to-morrow—if Mr.
Madison were to come among us—if any of the
departed sages of the Revolution were to rise up
from the dead, you would not bring them here with
a committee of five and hear their response as you
did Kossuth's, the eminent Hungarian, who is
now visiting our land; andhence my opposition. I
could not place him upon an equality with Lafay-
ette. Lafayette came to us and offered us his life,
his fortune, and his sacred honor; and during the
.seven years' war of our Revolution, helped to
work out our glorious independence. I did not
wish to do anything that looked like elevating
Kossuth in the same estimation in which we held
Lafayette, and I shall never cease to rejoice that
I had the independence to resist the tumultuous
ocean-current of popular feeling, and to stand by
what I believed to be right.
Sir, I hope that the gentleman's explanation this
morning, if he thinks himself aggrieved, will not be
slumbering for three weeks. If I did him any in-
justice, I did not intend it; and if he says now he
did not mean to do me any injustice I forgive him,
but his course led to my impression. He had
read resolutions for which I never voted, alleging
that I did vote for them, and caused to be pub-
lished those for which I voted without explanation.
In that, I think he did me a great injustice. I
hope it will cease to be a subject of futnre at-
tack.
I will now follow the example of my colleague,
and say something about the bill—I suppose it is
in order. It is in order to travel all over creation
in Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. I say, sir, in relation to the bill before the
committee, that I think this House ought to pass
it. That if there is any information wanted from
the Secretary of State, ample time will be afforded
to investigate it; but my colleague [Mr. Disney]
I think has failed to inform the House, when he
speaks of charges made in the newspapers in this
city and elsewhere, with regard to the wishes of
Mexico upon the subject. We have no official
information,as I understand it, that Mexico desires
any other mode of payment than that which we
have adopted, and for that reason, sir, and that
the Committee of Ways and Means say this ap-
propriation is absolutely necessary now, I think
we ought to rise, report this bill to the House, and
have it put upon its passage.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. The House is
doubtless weary of this matter of personal expla-
nation. I now rise merely for the purpose of say-
ing that I did not design to interfere m any way
whatever with 
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee, (interrupting.)
Will the gentleman yield for a motion that the
committee rise?
[Cries of "Oh, No!" "No!" "No!"]
Mr. CAMPBELL. I do not want the com-
mittee to rise now, and promise to be brief. I de-
sire to fix up this personal matter now, in order
not to interrupt the public business to-morrow.
I regret, as one of the representatives from the
State of Ohio, that there should have been any
occasion for the scene which has been presented
to the committee this morning, and I do not ex-
actly see the necessity of making these personal
explanations here. I have no personal explana-
tion to make to any colleague of mine for any
vote I give upon this floor.
[A message from the President of the United
States was here received at the hands of Mti.lard
P. Fillmore, Esq., his Private Secretary.]
Mr. C., (continuing.) I owe no explanation to
my colleagues for my vote; I do not acknowledge
their right to ask any account of me for what I do
here, and I will give them none if demanded. I
hold myself amenable to my constituents, and to
them alone, for my action. A great deal has been
said, Mr. Chairman, in relation to what has ap-
peared in certain political newspapers in regard to
our votes upon the Kossuth resolutions. I have
great regard for the political press of the country.
And I give them full and entire privilege to com-
ment upon my votes just as they please. I shall
be answerable for my stewardship to those who
have sent me here. I shall go home with the rec-
ord I have presented upon the proposition to send
out a committee for Louis Kossuth, and if I can-
not defend myself before the voters of my district,
I am willing to fall.
It seems to me there has been an effort to con-
nect improperly this matter of (he receptipp of
Kossuth with what are called the free-soil issues*
which have been presented. Now, sir, it is very
far from my purpose to drag in now, or at any
improper time, this vexed question of slavery. I
shall not do so, but it becomes necessary that I
should make a remark or two in this connectioil in
relation to my course upon that Kossuth resolu-
tion. Something has been said during the discus-
sion upon this bill, now before the committee, in
regard to outside whispering, lobby movements,
and newspaper articles. Now, sir, 1 was appealed
to during the progress of the discussion of the
Kossuth resolution by members, as well as "out-
siders," to evince my devotion to free-soil by sup-
porting the resolution. When we had that ques-
tion before us during the Thirty-first Congress—
when these slavery issues were really tried—it
j will be found that I made no crooked marks; an4
I had supposed myself to be regarded as among tli^
sound ones by my colleague from the northern -
district. I have been appealed to to know why i,t
was. in that vote upon the Kossuth resolution, f
was found with Southern members. I will tell yoxxt
Mr. Chairman. It is because when a great prin-
ciple is involved, 1 vote upon principle, and know
no North, no South, no East, and no West. Sit,
I would scorn myself were I compelled to return
to my constituents with no other reason to give
th'em for my vote on the Kossuth resolution,or any
other proposition, than that a particular man or
set of men voted for or against it. Do gentlemen
suppose—does any newspaper editor suppose—
does any lobby member, who may prowl around
us, taking members by the button when a question
is about to be voted upon, suppose that when I
come to record my vote, representing as I do one
hundred thousand freemen, that f am to be conr
( trolled by the fact that a Southern member may
vote this way, or a Northern member,that way? If .
j there are any members in the Hall who follow
I their "file leaders," and give their votes beoaq.se
! they findNorthern men voting one way and South-
j em men another, let it be known now, if it has
not yet been discovered, that I am not among that
number, and, whilst I preserve my self-respect and
a regard for my constituents, never will be.
In relation to the Kossuth question, I have no
concealments to make; and upon a proper occa-
sion , when the great question of intervention, which
has been proposed by him comes up for discua-
| sion, I will lay before the House, if I have an op-
i portunity, my opinions upon it. The question
1 which was presented to the House upon the
i occasion which has been referred to by the g$n-
I tleman, was as to the manner, as to the form,
I in which he should be received into this HaU.
i I looked upon the record to see what were the
j precedents, and found there was no instance in
| the history of the country, except that of La-
j fayette, who had periled everything for this
' nation's liberties, in which a committee had been
appointed. No such action as the resolution pro-
posed had ever been taken to compliment any dis-
j tinguished foreigner, or to confer honor even upon
those heroes of our own country who had fought
and bled for our people's rights. The highest
honor that had ever been conferred upon any
I statesman or patriot of this or any other land was
i simply to vote him the privileges of this Hall.
' When the resolution of my colleague [Mr. Cart-
ter] was introduced, it will be remembered (and
the record shows the fact) that 1 proposed such a
modification as would give the distinguished Hun-,
! garian, for whom no person's admiration exceeds
my own, the privilege of a seat here. ,1 had seen
nothing in the history of this Louis Kossuth, able
a man as I deemed him to be, powerful in intel-
lect as he has proved himself, great in genius,
great in patriotism, great in the love of liberty, as
the whole world acknowledges he is, which I
thought, required us to go further than we had gone
for the purpose of complimenting the distinguished
men of our own land, who had struggled in council,
I fought for and bled upon the battle-field for the
' very liberties we now enjoy. The gentlemen
vipon the other side refused to accept this modifica-
tion, which would have enabled us to Jbave brought
Kossuth into a privileged seat in this Halt by
