1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1237
trusted to them. If these officers left the Territory
under circumstances which would justify their ab-
senting themselves, they should have, when they
returned wilh no intention of going back again,
resigned their eommissionatid allowed the appoint-
ing- power to select others. Then the laws of the
country might have been administered, and men
who discharged the duties received the salary,
if these judicial officers have left theTerritory under
justifiable circumstances, some committee of the
House ought to take the subject into consideration,
and report a bill providing for the payment of their
expenses and such compensation as they are enti-
tled to. But, here this bill makesageneral provision
covering all of the Territories, and all Iheir officers
hereafter, when only one special case is to be pro-
vided for. In comnliance with requests of gentle-
men around me, I renew the call for the previous
question.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I think the
passage of this law should not be interrupted by
an attempted application of its provisions to a
particular case. The proviso of the law of 1851,
attempted here to be repealed, applies to the whole
salary of the judicial officer, no matter what the
cause of his absence may be from the seat of his
duties. It is-not within the competency of the
President of the United States or any other officer
of the Government, to afford relief or to give leave
of absence for any cause. And should an officer be
absent from the Territory for sixty days, no mat-
ter for what reason, his salary for the whole year
is forfeited. That is manifestly unjust, and the I
first section of the bill is intended to remedy it. !
The remedy is applied in two ways. First, it
only takes front him the salary pro tunto—the sal-
ary for the time which he was absent; and second,
it affords to the President the right to give him
leave of absence, and in which case deduction is
not made from his salary at all. It brings upon
the Executive head of the Government the respon-
sibility of judging of the validity of the cause for
which a party may be absent from a Territory.
These are the simple provisions of this section. I
think the repealing clause is manifestly just and
proper, and that the true and fair basis is urged by
the emendation of the law as afforded by the first
ctanse. I do not see what the case of the Utah
judges have to do with it.
Mr. STUART. I wish to state to the gentle-
man from Kentucky, that did I deem it proper at
this time, I could satisfy him beyond all question,
that the effect of this law upon certain individuals
is entirely wrong. While it is true certain other
individuals ought to be, and I trust will be, ex-
empted from its effects, I think when the evidence
*s before this House, which ought to be, and can
be, if the reference for which I have asked is
made, it will be seen that there is a clear distinc-
tion between the officers of the respective Terri-
tories of this Government. Some of them ought
to be relieved, and some of them have no pretext
for it whatever. This law affects them indiscrimi-
nately.
Mr. MARSHALL. I take it for granted, that
the first clause of this bill provides a rule by which
the President or Secretary of the Treasury will
act heieafter.
Mr. STUART. Hereafter, if you repeal that
provision of the law which cuts off the payment
of certain men now in office.
Mr. MARSHALL. The salaries of such
officers which have heretofore accrued, shall be
paid, in the language of the proviso; and,on the
contrary, if they have absented themselves even
without cause heretofore, this second section re- ■
heves them from the effect of the proviso; and the '
law for the future is established upon the basis
suggested by the first section.
Mr. STUART. There is no fault to be found
with it, so far as the future operation of that law ]
is concerned, but itaffects cases which have passed ;
by repealing this provision of the law now taking
away their salary. It affects them indiscrimin- ■
ately; and for the purpose of benefiting a particu- '
lar individual who ought to be benefited, it con- !
fers the same thing upon others who have no right
to it whatever. i
Mr. MARSHALL. I understand, Mr. Speak- 1
er, the only case in point to which the gentleman j
refers, is that of the Utah judges. They now 1
labor under the disability imposed by this proviso. I
They cannot now draw their salary, even for the ,
time they did actually serve, and their absence, '
whether with or without cause, operates as a for-
feiture of all they did earn. I think that it is better
we should withdraw this case beyond the action
of the proviso, in order to remedy the injustice
which the proviso certainly would work. A man
starts with a judicial commission in his pocket.
His destination is the Territory of Utah, it takes
him ninety days to reach that destination. He
serves nine months, and from some cause, whether
sufficient or insufficient, he absents himself for the
last sixty days. The effect of the existing law
would be, to forfeit his salary for-the whole year.
Is that fair, is it just, upon the part of the Govern-
ment towards those persons who have honestly
earned ten months' wages? And is it not better
to repeal the proviso, than to let a law stand upon
the statute-book, which operates such manifest
hardship and injustice? Now, I do not pretend to
go into the question about the Utah judges. I feel
very much like the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr.
Stephens,] that they should have remained at
their posts.
Mr. WEIGHTMAN. "With the permission of
the gentleman, I will draw his attention, besides
what he has been presenting to the House, to the
inequality which the law works. The judges, or
any other oiHceis of the Territory of Alnmesota,
can avail themselves of this sixty days' permis-
sion. They can leave the Territory of Minne-
sota, and transact busin'ess m various parts of the
United States, and return within the sixty days'
limit. Not so, however, with either the officers
of the Temtory of Utah or New Mexico. In
respect to the oiKcers of those two Territories, it
amounts to almost an absolute prohibition. They
cannot for one day, or one hour, leave their place
of business to go elsewhere, without a forfeiture
of their whole year's salary; for there is no place
to which you can go, out of the Territories of
New Mexico or Utah, from which you can return
within sixty days.
Mr. GENTRY. I think it is not a sound prin-
ciple oflegislation to repeal a general law, the gen-
eral effects of which are salutary, because of the
occurrence of a case of individual hardship under
it. Ail that has been said in this debate satisfies ;
me of the propriety of referring this bill, that it
may be subjected to the consideration of a compe-
tent committee. I think a committee would,doubt-
less, be able to present to the House something
belter than the bill before us—peihaps something
better than the proviso m the appropriation bill of
1851. That proviso was intended to correct a
very great abuse—an abuse so very flagrant, that
certainly some remedy was necessary.
Mr. MARSHALL. It has been considered by
the Judiciary Committee.
Mr. GENTRY, i was not in the House when
the statement to that effect was made. I am not
satisfied to vote for this bill.
Mr. McLANAHAN. This bill was infor-
mal ly referred to the Committee on the Judiciary
A copy of the bill, as it passed the Senate, was
handed to me as chairman of the Judiciary Com-
mittee. It was considered by that committee, and
1 was instructed to report favorably upon it.
Whether or not we were competent to discharge
that duty is left for others to judge.
Mr. GENTRY. I beg the gentleman's pardon.
I was not aware that it had re eived the action of ,
that committee; neveitheless, with all the respect j
which I have for that committee, 1 am not yet sat- j
isfied thatthis bill ought to pass. It was a custom !
for gentlemen to persecute the Executive here for i
months, to obtain office under tins territorial gov- ;
ernment; but so far from gMtur to the scene of 1
their official duties, and confining themsehes to.
the performance of those duties, ihey were else- ;
where. Why, m the 'fenuory of Oiegon, sir, one j
of the judges of the supreme couit was d 1
gold m Cahforma. Another was here in the United
States expending his entire time, to the utter ne-
glect of the official duties which properly devolved
upon him. It has grown thp almost universal
custom with these territorial officers, that they re-
ceive their pay without pretending to perform die
duties attaching to them in their official character. ■
Now, all have incurred the penalties of the pro-
viso of the appropriation law of 1851. Where
sufficient cause is shown tor absence, 1 believe that 1
penalty ought not to apply; but I am not willing 1
to repeal the law to release them ftom the penalty.
If there be cases of individual hardship under die ,!
operation of this general law, let them be reme- f
died by special acts, if they can be shown to have
merit.
Mr. McLANAHAN. I am sorry to interrupt
the gentleman, but I agree with,him in regard to
the oases which have already occurred. The law
which the present one is intended to repeal, was
passed on the 3d of March, 1837. It is but justice
to the honorable Delegate from Minnesota [Mr.
Sibley] to state that he has an amendment which
he exhibited to me, and which he intends to sub-
mit before the passage of the bill, which restricts
its provisions to the judges of the Territory'of
Utah. The question, therefore, will be fairly be-
fore the House, whether, under the circumstances,
this bill ought to pass for their relief. < Its future
operation has been sufficiently explained by the
honorable gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Mar-
shall,] and I myself have endeavored to show
that the operation of the law of the 3d of March,
1851, is unjust and oppressive. Leaving it here-
after to the President of the United States, as we
do by this bill, to say whether there is sufficient
justification for an officer to leave the Territory,
or, if he leaves without the permission of the Presi-
dent, he is to exhibit satisfactory evidence to the
President that he left under proper circumstances.
Mr. GENTRY. 1 rather prefer to make pro-
vision in the law, absolute and impelative. I am
quite opposed to conferring this (liscretion upon
the Executive, of giving leave of absence. The
officers who can concentrate influence here upon
which to obtain the office will, in nine times out of
ten, gather influence sufficient to obtain a remis-
sion of the penalty.
Mr. LANE. The gentleman from Tennessee
[Mr. Gentry] has stated a thing, which 1 was not
aware, until tliis morning, had become current in
the country, that one of the jugdes of Oregon had
absented himself for months and years, and that
another was digging gold in California. Not one
of the judges m Oregon Territory has ever en-
gaged in digging gold. One of them was absent,
and did not return to the Territory.
Mr. GENTRY. Was he in California' '
Mr. LANE. No; sir.
Mr. GENTRY. Was he not there on business
other than official ?
Mr. LANE. 1 do not know about that. I
know that not one of them was engaged in dig-
ging gold.
Mr. GENTRY. I will remark, that such was
the statement here, when this controversy was
under discussion. Whether he was digging gold
or attending to other business thon that is not ma-
terial to the merits of the question. 1 was about
to remark when the gentleman from Oregon [Mr.
Lane] interrupted me, that I was quite opposed
to conferring discretion upon the President to give
leave of absence, or to s-iy whether the penalties
of law shall apply or not; because the same in-
fluence which might procure an appointment would,
generally speaking, procure such a decision upon
these questions as suited the purpose of the indi-
vidual, to the neglect of the interests of the Ter-
ritory. I am utteily opposed to such policy. I
shall support the motion to refer this bill. I think
some legislation is demanded. Doubtless a law
wiser and better matured in its provisions than the
proviso to the appropriation bill of 3851, can be
offered to the consideiation of this House, and
unless some such proposition is presented, 1 shall
vote against this bill.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I imagine that
this subject on such a day as this has been dis-
cussed enough, and 1 now call the previous ques-
tion, m order that we may get rid of the balance
of the business on the Speaker's table. And 1
give notice that 1 will not withdraw it
Mr. LANE. J am sorry the gentleman has
stated he will not withdraw h's motioji.
The previous question was set onded and the
mam question ordeied, which vva•• upon leferring
the biU to the Committee on the Territories.
The question was then taken and agreed to, and
the bill was sr  refeired.
Senate bill No. 10], to provide for a tri-monthly
mail from New Oilcans to Vera Cruz, via Tarn-
pico, and back, m steam-vessels, was next taken
up, and read a first and second time by its title.
Mr. McCORKLE. This billaf I nm at liberty
to state this much, simply provides that the Post-
master General shall be authorized to contract
with the lowest bidder for carrying the mails be-
tween New Orleans and Vera Cruz. It is a mat-
