2102
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 6,
derstand that this is the first session of Congress
at which the claim was ever set up for this appro-
priation in.money. The result of the/inquiries
made by the Committee on Finance at the Depart-
ment go to corroborate the statement made by the
honorable Senator from Tennessee, that this is the
first time a claim has ever been set up to the
amount in money asked for by the clause pro-
posed to be stricken out.
Mr. BORLAND. 3Vfr. President, at the adjourn-
ment yesterday I had possession of the floor, more
for the purpose of making inquiries and getting
information than of presenting any views of mv
own. I made an inquiry of my colleague, which
he answered. I not only listened to his reply at- i
tentively at the time, but 1 have read it with some !
care this morning, as published in the reports, 1
with a desire to be satisfied in regard to this claim. !
I am sorry to say that it has failed to satisfy me j
that the claim is well-founded. I have always |
found it difficult, when I have undertaken to ex- j
amine the Indian claims, to arriveat the facts; for j
they are always so mixed ^p with opinions ex- i
pressed by those who advocate them, that it is !
exceedingly difficult, and sometimes almost im- ;
practicable, to separate what are the facts proved I
from the opinions expressed by Senators as to j
their value. It has been more so in this case, per- j
haps, than in any other which it has ever fallen to i
my lot to examine. Without undertaking to go i
into a thorough examination now; without under- j
taking to controvert any of the positionsassumed, |
or any of the opinions expressed by Senators who j
have advocated the claim, I wish simply to state !
to the Senate what appear to me, on the best ex- ■
amination I have been able to give the subject, the j
facts, and state my opinion of those facts, as con- ;
trolling the vote 1 shall give. j
It seemes to me, sir, from this examination, j
that the facts are these : By treaty stipulation with I
a portion of the Shawnee tribe of Indians holding I
land in the State of Ohio—owning between 90,000
and 100,000 acres—we agreed to give them, as a
condition of removal, fifty-five cents per acre, to
be paid, as I understand it, in the form of annu-
ities, or a certain per centum per annum. If I am
wrong in this, I will thank my colleague to cor-
rect me. Upon this condition, this branch of the
Shawnee tribe of Indiansremoved from their lands
in Ohio; and they have, since that time, been re-
ceiving annually the amount of money agreed to
be paid to them by treaty stipulation; and so far
as the treaty is concerned, they have been paid all
which it provided they should be paid.
I understand a further fact to be, that, by an-
other treaty, they were permitted to settle west of
the State of Missouri, upon a tract of land of
fifty miles square, making 1,600,000 acres, jointly j
with the other portion of the Indian tribe. They '
settled there; and they have since thattime occu-
pied in common tenancy that tract of land with
the other branch of the tribe, and they have now
all become amalgamated and united, and are one
tribe—holding the land in common, and enjoying
the rights of occupancy, use, and possession of
the whole 1,600,000 acres. I understand further,
that their original claim, when they came here and
made application on this subject, was to receive—
instead of the annual payment of five per cent, in-
terest on the fifty-five cents per acre—the whole
amount in gross, to be used as the tribe might
think proper.
I understand that the proposition now is, not
only to pay them, m gross, these fifty-five cents
per acre, upon which we have heretofore been
paying them an annual interest, but to pay them
also the seventy cents per acre which were, at the
time of the treaty by which they ceded this land
in Ohio, reserved by the United Statesforthe pur-
pose of paying the expenses of removal, and the
selection of new homes. If I am wrong in this
statement, I hope Senators who are better ac-
quainted with the matter will correct me. These
I understand to be the facts, and to constitute the
state of the case, as it is now before the Senate.
I have no objection, m fact I am willing at any
time to comply with their request to be paid in
gross the fifty-five cents per acre, so that it may
not be held by the Governmentas a trust fund upon
which we are to pay an annual dividend; but let
the Indians take the amount in gross, and appro-
priate it to what purpose they choose. And I
understand that these Indians areamong the most
intelligent and civilized tribes of Indians, and that
they are capable, when put in possession of any
amount of money, of managing it as judiciously
as any other tribe. I am willing, therefore, to
comply with that part of their request, and pay
over to them that amount. But as to the further
demand, which, as I understand, is now made for
the seventy cents j>er acre, I have been unable to
perceive any founuation for it in equity or justice.
It has been said that it is proper to give it to them,
because we undertook, by a subsequent treaty, to
provide them 100,000 acres of land west of the
Mississippi river; and that, instead of doing that,
we have simply given them the undivided right to
occupy and possess these fifty miles square, or
1,600,000 acres, in common with the other portion
of the tribe.
I must confess, that when the claim is rested
upon that ground, it strikes me as a most extraor-
dinary one. Admit that we did agree to lay off
to them, in addition to this annual dividend upon
the fifty-five cents per acre, 100,000 acres west of
the State of Missouri, as a separate, well-defined
tract, which they were to own for themselves,
independently of the other portion of the tribe:
when we gave them the right to go and unite with
the other portion of the tribe, and occupy as ten-
ants in common the 1,600,000 acres, and they
elected to do so, it seems to me that, instead of
denying them what was due, and restricting them
in the amount they were to be allowed, we have
been liberal m the extreme, and have conceded to
them a grant with which they ought to be more,
than satisfied. Will anyone say that the right
to occupy equally with the other portion of the
tribe the 1,600,000 acres of land, was not moie
than an equivalent for the exclusive possession of
100,000 acres? It is giving them an equivalent of
eight for one—the land being equally good. And
not only that, but itgives them what is indispens-
able to Indians—a wide range over which to hunt
and pursue their usual avocations, rather than
cribbing and confining them down to a little space
of 100,000 acres.
I shall not go into any further examination of
the subject, or into any argument to controvert
what has been said in favor of the claim. I have
simply stated what I understand to be the facts,
and expressed, as briefly as I could, my opinion
as to the value of those facts. The conclusion to
which I have come is, that I am compelled to vote
against this appropriation.
Mr. BELL. I want to say one word in reply
to the letter which was read this morning,;at the
request of the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Unt-
dekwood,] in which allusion was made directly
to some statements made by me yesterday in the
course of debate. That is rather an unusual way
to meet arguments or statements made on this
floor, but I do not object to it. I stated, yester-
day, that I had understood that this claim had
never been before presented, though I did not state
it as a fact. At any rate, I had never heard of it.
I had heard, out of the Senate, that it was pre-
sented in 1844, hut I had no knowledge of that
fact, or, if f had, it had escaped my recollection.
I had a letter of the agent, Mr. Moseley, read
yesterday, in order to show to the Senate what 1
suspected, but what I did not know. If the letter
had turned out differently, I should have been
satisfied: but I suspected that if it were read, it
would show that the claim was revived since this
delegation arrived in the city. I believe I said,
yesterday,that I presumed it had originated since
they arrived in the city, but I do not mean to im-
pugn Captain Parks, nor Mr. Ewing, nor the
delegation; for if it be a well-founded claim, it is
no objection to it that this is, for the first time,
discovered and brought forward. If justice has
been sleeping, and these people are now advised
of it for the first time, it is no objection to the
claim itself. The question is as to the validity
and as to the justice and propriety of it.
Now, what does Captain Parks say in that let-
ter? I know he is an intelligent and honorable
man, and is quite a shrewd man, too. He was
present at the making of the treaty of 1831, though
not as a chief or commissioner on the part of the
Indians, so far as I know. And not only is Cap-
tain Parks an intelligent man, but the Shawnees
here are more intelligent than their nation in pro-
portion to their number, and are nearly as intelli-
gent and as shrewd as Parks. I wish to read to
the Senate the second section of the treaty of 1831,
and then refer to a positive statement made in the
letter of Captain Parks, that the Indians, neither
at the treaty nor since, had agreed that they were
to have this 100,000 acres at the West, already
belonging to them in Missouri, that they were to be
paid in their own lands to that amount; but that
they had prosecuted it as a distinct claim ever
since the treaty, until 1849, and have now revived
it. When they came here from the council, they
did not think it necessary to ratify it, because, as
they thought, they had the authority of former
councils. 1 use my own language, and not the
exact language of the letter, though I believe I
have given the substance of it. I will now read
this section of the treaty of 1831, to show how
this claim stands, though they had a claim for a
separate hundred thousand acres, which the Gov-
ernment promised, as he says, in 1831. I also1
wish gentlemen to bear in mind the argument of
the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Underwood,]
and the arguments of others yesterday, in which
it was said that these Indians have had this view
of it and given this construction to the second
article, to bear them out in the assertion that jus-
tice has not been done, and that the treaty has not
been complied with. The second article of the
treaty is in these words:
"hi con-ideiation of liie cession stipulated in the fore-
going article, the United States a^rce to cruifrc the said tribe
or hand of Shawnees, consisting of about four hundred
souls, to be icmoved, in a convenient and suitable manner,
to the western side of the Mississippi river, and will giant
by patent in fee «imple to them and their heirs forever, as
long a-? they shall exist a-! a nation, and remain upon the
same, a tract ol land to contain 100,000 acie*, to be located,
under the ducction of the 1'iesidenl of the Tinted States,
within the tract of land erjaal to fifty miles squaip, which
was granted to the Shawnee Indians of the State ofMis-
soun, by the second article of a treaty made at the citv of
St. Louis, in said State, with the said Bhawneorf of Mis-
souri, by William Clark, superintendent of Indian affairs,
on the 7th day of Novcmbei, in the year 1855."
So far, that article shows they were to take it
out of the fifty miles square, in which these Shaw-
nees seem to have known at the time that they had
an interest. But it does not stop there. It goes
on, alluding to the treaty of 1825:
"And m which it is ptovided that the grant aforesaid
shall be for the Shawnee tribe of Indians within the State
of Missouri, and for those of the same nation now reading
in Ohio, who may hereafter emigrate to the west of the
Mississippi."
That is a part of the article under which they
claim this 100,000 acres; and it is recited in the
body of it, so that the intelligent portion of that
tribe, the chiefs as well as Captain Parks, could
perfectly comprehend it. Others of the tribe, too,
were quite as capable of comprehending it as we
are. They had all the ability to understand it
fully. We have here,then, the recital that itwas
to come out of these very lands. That is the state-
ment in the treaty. But they protest against taking
it now, because they say it was their own before.
How can it possibly be said that they had n£> idea
of taking it out of the 100,000 which belonged to
them already? If it did belong to them, they
knew it, for that clause of the treaty of 1825 was
recited in the article which I have just read. X
rose simply for the purpose of showing that the
Shawnee tribe could not possibly have so under-
stood it.
Mr. WALKER. There was a letter read this
morning, which was reported to have come from
Captain Parks, of this tribe of Indians, which let-
ter was signed by Mr. Ewing. That letter says,
that this claim of these Shawnee Indians has been
and is now a claim in addition to that of 100,000
: acres of land, which was stipulated for by the
i treaty of 1831, or for money in lieu of it. That
| the Government of the United States is bound to
| set oil" 100,000 acres of land for this portion of the
, Shawnee tribe, is not denied; that the Government
1 has reserved the right to do so under the treaty of
; 1825, as well as under the treaty of 1831, must be
; admitted. That it has equally reserved the right
| to locate the Ohio Shownees under the patent
! granted to the Missouri Shawnees, is beyond ques-
| tion. I trust, therefore, that this money will not
j be appropriated until we have the whole facts more
J.clearly understood, or some - better reasons as-
i signed for its payment than we have yet had. If
the proposition to pay this claim should not suc-
ceed, as I hope it will not, then I will offer an
amendment, authorizing thePresident of the United
States to set apart for them 100,000 acres of land.
I think that with such a provision they would be
better off; at all events, we should then see whether
we should be better off. I suppose they would be
