1238
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 4,
ter which interests my constituents to a consider-
able extent, inasmuch as it will shorten (lie trans-
mission of mail matter to California some ten days.
The necessity for its reference is not important,
and I-think that we can take it up now ana- ant
upon it, I move to suspend the rules for that pur-
^°Mr. FOWLER. I more its reference to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. McCORKLE. Does that motion take
precedence of mine?
The SPEAKER. It does.
Mr. STUART. I demand the previous ques-
tion; which was sustained, and under the operation
thereof the bill was referred to Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
Senate bill No. 248, entitled "An act for the
relief of Anna Norton and Louis Foskit," was
next taken up and read a first and second time by
its title. '
This bill provides for paying to Anna Norton
and Louis Foskit, the children and only heirs ot
a revolutionary soldier, the amount of pension
which would'have been paid to said heirs had his
pension been continued from the 4th of March,
1822, to the 1st day of January, 1828.
Mr. HOWARD. It is a bill which passed the
Senate unanimously, and is for the relief of those
persons who are in indigent circumstances; and it
is a meritorious bill, I believe. It is accompanied
by a short report from the Senate. I ask that the
rules be suspended and that the report be read.
Mr. McNAIR. That'is a bill which ought to
pass. I move that the bill be put on its passage.
The question was then taken upon suspending
the rules, and it was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. I have a few remarks in refer-
ence to this bill.
[Cries of " Let it pass!" u Let it pass!"]
Mr. HOWARD demanded the previous ques-
tion; which was seconded, and the main question
ordered.
The question then being " Shall the bill pass? '
it was taken, and decided in the affirmative.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. POLK; I move to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed, and to lay the motion
to reconsider upon the table.
The question was put on the latter motion, and
it was agreed to.
RECESS PROPOSED.
'Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to introduce the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House ho authorized mid
directed to have the Hall i ('fitted ami denned for the sum-
mer session, and that the House adjourn on Thursday the
13th day of May, until Monday the 17th of May, in oidei
to allow the usital time foi thru pui pose.
Mr. JOHNSON. I will state to the House that
this is the usual resolution, and that the middle of
May is the usual time employed for that purpose.
Mr.-CLINGMAN. I would, inquire of my
friend from Arkansas [Mr. Johnson] if we took
that course two years ago? I would suggest to
the gentleman whether it will not be better to let
this matter go over until the first of June, as the
Democratic Convention will then be in session.
Mr. JOHNSON. This matter has been done
frequently as early as the first day of May here-
tofore. We shall find great inconvenience and
discomfort if we leave the Hall as it is until the
first of June. I will not, therefore, make that
change myself, but if the House desire to make it
they can do so.
The SPEAKER. Is there any objection to the
resolution?
Mr. STANLY. I object to that time. I would
rather have the time in June, for the benefit of one
or the other of the conventions.
There being objection, the resolution was not
received.
The Senate bill No. 362, entitled "An act to
frant the right of way to the Ste. Genevieve Iron
fountain and Pilot Knob Plank Road Com-
pany," was taken up and read a first and second
time.
Mr. HALL. This bill makes no appropriation
of public lands. It grants simply the right to„a
plank road. I ask that the bill b"e put upon its
Mr. GAYLORD. I object, and move to refer
the bill to the Committee on Public Lands.
The question was then taken, and it was so re-
ferred. *
Mr. CLINGMAN. I beg to inquire of the
Chair whether the order we are now acting under
will enable us to go on until we have disposed of
all the business on the Speaker's table, or whether
it is limited to this day only in case the House
should adjourn befoce it is all disposed of?
The SPEAKER. It is limited to to-day.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Then I wish to modify
the order—to which, I presume, there will be no
objection—so that we may continue at the busi-
ness on the Speaker's table until it is all disposed
of.
[Cries of "Object!"]
FRENCH SPOLIATIONS.
Senate bill No. 64, to provide for the ascertain-
ment and satisfaction of claims of American citi-
zens for spoliations committed by the French prior
to the 31st day of July, 1801, was next taken up,
and read a first and second time by its title.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to reject
that bill.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I move to refer it
to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the mo-
tion made by the gentleman from Tennessee, to
reject the bill, is first in order.
Mr. JONES. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. H1BBARD. I move to refer the bill to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The SPEAKER. The question will first be
taken upon the motion to refer to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. The question has
been very frequently put to me, what that claim
had to do with foreign affairs? All I have to say
upon that point is, that from 1804 down to this
time, that lull, when it has been voted upon at all,
has been reported by the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, without a single exception, so far as I
know. Hence it is that I have made the motion
to give it that destination. I ask for the yeas and
nays upon the motion of the gentleman from New
Hampshire, [Mr. Hibbard.]
Mr. STANLY. If that bill goes to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, it
will require a vote of two thirds to getitup again.
[Cries of " No it won't!"]
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. We can take it up
at any time by passing over the business on the
Calendar which precedes it.
Mr. STANLY. I ask the Chair if I am not
right in my supposition that it would require a
iwo-thirds vote to take up that bill out of its or-
der?
The SPEAKER. It would require a two-thirds
vote to take it up out of its order. But it could
j be reached by moving to pass by the bills that
I stand in its way.
1 Mr. STANLY. Yes; we should have to pass
by all the other bills befoie we could reach it, and
that is a moral impossibility. I hope, therefore,
that the bill will not be referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, but that
it may go to the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
and have a fair chance.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. In reply to the
gentleman from Virginia, that this bill has always
gone to the Committee on Foreign Affairs,* I will
merely remark that it has nothing to do with any
foreigners at all. It is entirely and purely a do-
mestic bill.
With reference to what the gentleman from
North Carolina says as to getting up this bill, if
it goes to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, I will say that if the bill is referred
to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, or to any
other standing committee, when it shall be re-
ported back here, it must go to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, unless two
thirds can be got to suspend the rules. The rule
requires that all appropriation bills shall be re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
Mr. STANLY. There is no appropriation in
this bill.
The yeas and nays were then ordered on the
motion to refer the bill to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee, moved that the
House do now adjourn.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York, demanded the
yeas and nays.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia, called for tellers on
ordering the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Bayly, and
Harris of Tennessee, were appointed.
The question was then put, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 31, noes 70.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee, withdrew the
motion to adjourn.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky, renewed it.
And the question being put, on a division, there
were—ayes 84, noes 56.
So the motion was agreed to.
And the House adjourned until to-morrow, at
twelve o'clock, m.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions, memo] ials, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. MACE : The petition of Jacob Haines, William
G. Montgomery, and 350 others, citizens of Montgomery,
Fountain, Warren, and Benion counties, Indiana, asking
foi a post route from Crawlbrdsville to Oxford, via Independ-
ence and Pino Village.
By Mr. KING, of Rhode Island : The petition of Josiah
Chapm and others,"officers of the Rhode Island Society for
the Encouragement of Domestic Industry, and of the Rhode
Island HoitLcnltural Society, praying for the establishment
o/ an Agricultural Buieati.
By Mr. KUJ1NS: The resolutions of the Legislature of
Pennsylvania, lelating to the Parker patent for ca^t-iron
submerged leaction water-wheels,and in opposition to any
fuither extension of !«aid patent.
By Mr. PENNtMAN: The memorial of Peter Farlick,
asking relief for citizens of Salem, Washtenaw county,
Michigan, on account of erroneous or false and fraudulent
surveys, ot said township of Salem.
By Mr. SCHERMERIIORN: The memoiial of Samuel
P. Ely and 93 others, citizens of the city of Rochester, and
the county of Monroe, New York, asking for fiee trade be-
tween the United States and Canada.
By Mr. HIBBARD* The petition of Patience Stone, of
Plamfield, Now Hampshire, piaymg tor a pension.
By Mi. DAWSON. The resolutions of tlie Legislature of
Pennsylvania, in opposition to the further extension of the
Parker patent lor cast-iron submerged reaction water-
wheels.
Also, the resolutions of the Legislature of Pennsylvania,
relative to the construction of a canal around the Falls of
the Ohio river, at Louisville.
By Mr. ltOBBINS: A resolution of the Legislature of
P emisyl vaina, requesting thpir Senators and Representatives
in Congress to oppose the further extension of the Paiker
patent for ca^t-iron submerged reaction water-wheels.
By Mr. IlENDlllCKS : The petition ofcitizens of Shelby
county, Indiana, praying the improvement of the Ohio river
at the FalN.
By Mr. MURRAY : The petition for the establishment of
a mail route from Ellenvillp, Ulster county, via Wood-
bourne, to Libeity, Sullivan county, New York.
By Mr. FULLER, ot Maine: The petition of Benjamin
F. Stinson and 40 others, citizens of Swan's Island, ask-
ing of Congress to make an appropriation for the erection
ot a light-house on Swan's Island, at the entrance of Old
Harbor.
By Mr. McdUEEN : The memorial of Thomas Shaw
and others, of Georgetown, South Carolina, for buoys and
beacons in Georgetown harbor.
By Mr. PORTER- The petition t>f 56 citizens of Lincoln
county, Mwsomi, asking the establishment of a certain post
road.
By Mr. KING, of New Yoik: The petition of sundry in-
habitants of the county of Lewis. New York, praying for a
grant of lands to aid m the construction ot a road from
Sacketfs Harbor to Saratoga, in the State of New York.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, May 4, 1S52.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. C. M. Butler.
The PRESIDENT protem. laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the Navy Department,
in compliance with a resolution of the Senate, call-
ing for information in regard to officers of the
Navy receiving greater compensation than is pro-
vided by the act of March 3, 1835.
Mr. HALE. That communication is in an-
swer to a resolution which I introduced, and I
move that it be laid upon the table and printed. I
wish to take this occasion to say, that the inform-
ation which the Secretary of the Navy commu-
nicates shows that the rumor upon which the call
for that communication was based was unfounded,
and that the abuse which it was intended to reach
does not exist. I am happy to be able to say that
there has been one rumor of abuse which was not
well founded.
The motion to lay upon the table and print was
agreed to.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. MILLER presented a petition, very nu-
merously signed, of inhabitants of Ocean and
