1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2103
confined to that 100,000 acres; and, if not, then
they would have a joint occupancy with the Mis-
souri Shawnee Indians of the 1,600,000 acres.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. If yon set apart a hun-
dred thousand acres oat of the fifty miles square
to the Ohio Indians, can you prevent the Missouri
Shawnees from locating upon that hundred thou-
sand acres under the treaty of 1825?
Mr. WALKER. I chink you can prevent that
under both of the treaties. The treaty of 1825
reserves the right to locate botfi these tribes there;
and the treaty of 3 831 locates the Ohio tribe there,
if they have any disposition to go. The patent
given to the Missouri Shawnees reserves the right
of the Ohio Shawnees to locate there; and it is
only a question of division or partition. It is
unquestionably the right of the United States to
make a partition of 100,000 acres. But, sir, that
is not the object which is here sought to be
effected. It is not the interest of the Indian which
is the motive power in this case. We all know
well enough that when we fail to perform, or
v/hen it is alleged that we fail to perform, any treaty
stipulations with the Indians, the Indians them-
selves never come forward and ask the Govern-
ment to enler into a specific performance of the
stipulations. Who is it that does Sb? Why, sir,
it is those cormorant agents who surround this
Capitol. They know very well that unless these
matters are fished up and pressed upon the atten-
tion of the Government, they would get nothing.
When land or money is asked on behalf of the
Indian in such cases, it is those agents who broach
the matter; for the recovering of which they are
usually to receive a large compensation—some-
times one third, according to the instance we heard
of the other day. Now, sir, are we to sit quietly
by and see the Government and the poor Indian
swindled in such a manner? I hope not. I trust
that we will not permit—if there be any means to
prevent it—the Indians to be swindled either out of
their money or their land. If we do not prevent this
swindling, I trust the day will come when the
people will speak here, trumpet-tongued, and de-
mand that justice be done.
Mr. BADGER. I ask if the yeas and nays
have been ordered on the pending amendment?
The PRESIDENT. They have not been or-
dered.
Mr. BADGER. I am exceedingly happy to
hear it, for in that case 1 shall not be compelled to
assign any reasons for the vote I shall give.
[Laughter.]
Mr. BORLAND. Then I ask for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. ADAMS. I do not understand that the
amendment of the Senatorfrom Arkansas [Mr. Sk-
jbastiw] is offered with any other view except
that of perfecting the clause which it is proposed
by the Committee on Finance to strike out.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Commit-
tee on Finance have offered an amendment to the
bill, which is to strike out a certain clause, and
the Senator from Arkansas proposes to amend that
clause before the question is taken on the motion
to strike it out.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I believe my colleague
misunderstands the issue proposed by my amend-
ment. He, I believe, is opposed to the whole
claim; and so, indeed, are other Senators. I did
not suppose, however, that any one would object
to my amendment, because I merely proposed to
perfect the clause before the question was taken on
the recommendation of the committee to strike it
out.
Mr. BORLAND. I will say to my colleague,
that I am not particularly opposed to his amend-
ment. I am opposed to the whole appropriation.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
will first be upon the amendment of the Senator
from Arkansas. Whether that is adopted or re-
jected, the question will then recur on concurring
in the amendment of the committee, which is to
strike out the clause.
Mr. BORLAND. Then I withdraw my call
for the yeas and nays.
Mr. BRIGHT. The bill came to the Commit-
tee on Finance with a proposition to appropriate
the sum of $66,246 23 for thepayment to the Shaw-
nees for moneys due them, as is alleged, under and
by virtue of the treaty of 1825, and the treaty of
1831, between the United States and the two di-
visions of the said tribe of Indians. The commit-
tee propose to strike out that appropriation. The
Senator from Arkansas [Mr. Sebastian] pro-
poses to amend that clause before the question is
taken on the proposition of the committee to strike
it out. He has a right, of course, to propose to
amend the clause before it is stricken out. It is
upon that amendment we are now to vote.
The question was then taken on the amendment;
and a division being called for, there were—ayes
15, noes 17.
So the amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now recurs on the proposition of the committee to
strike out the clause.
Mr. BORLAND. On that question I ask for !
the yeas and nays. j
The yeas and nays were ordered. '
Mr. BROOKE. I wish to vote understanding^ ;
on tins amendment, and I do not know that I have
now a correct appreciation of the facts, as the sub- !
ject has been obscured by much speaking.
The facts, as I understand them, are these: In
1825, the United States granted to the Missouri
Shawnees, in common with the Ohio Shawnees, i
fifty miles square of land, to be enjoyed in prc-
senti by the Missouri band, and in futuro by the
Ohio band. The land, however, belongs equally
to the one band as to the other, and the Ohio Shaw-
nees, according to their numbers, have as much in-
terest in it as the others. In 1831, the United
States, for the purpose of inducing the Ohio Shaw-
nees to remove west of the Mississippi, agreed to
give them in fee-simple 100,000 acres, to be taken
out of the tiact of fifty miles square.
That I believe is a correct statement of the facts;
if not, I would like some Senator to correct me.
That being a correct statement of facts, it fol-
lows that this Ohio band of Shawnees had the
choice of two modes of action: one arising under
the treaty of 1825, by which they were permitted
to enjoy this territory in joint tenancy with the
Missouri Shawnees; and the other, under the
tieaty of 1831, which authorized them to hold
100,000 acrcs m severalty. They made their elec-
tion by joining and mingling with the rest of the
tribe, and have continued ever since to occupy the
territory of fifty miles square in common. I eon-
cieve that it is now too late to change that elec-
tion, and therefore that they have no claim to a
separate tract of 100,000 acres; but even if they
had such a right, and if they were entitled to call
for a partition of the territory, that would be very
different from asking money from the Government
in consequence of their not having made that selec-
tion before. If they are entitled, notwithstanding
that they made their election, to have this terri-
tory set off separately, it does not follow, by any
means, that they can come back on the Govern-
ment for the payment of a sum of money in con-
sequence of their having made that election;
and I presume that the Government has power,
under the treaty of 1825, if they choose to change
their election, to require from the Missouri
Shawnees o partition or division of the territory,
at least so far as the 100,000 acres are concerned.
I go further; I believe that the Government has
the right, under the treaty of 1825, to demand a
partition of the territory according to numbers,
because they all occupy it as tenants in common,
and because, under the same treaty, they have also
a right to a separate joint tenancy.
I see no foundation for a moneyed claim against
this Government. The Ohio Shawnees made their
election, and they are bound by it; and have con-
tinued so for the last twenty-one years. As they
neglected during that time to take any other step,
they can only claim now the partition of the ter-
ritory.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I wish my friend from
Arkansas would withdraw his call for the yeas
and nays. I suppose that no Senator will vote
for the clause, as the amendment proposed by the
other Senator from Arkansas [Mr. Sebastian]
has been rejected. All of us require that there
should be a full relinquishment on the part of the
1 Indians of all claim to lands before we make such
i an appropriation, and that relinquishment we have
1 not yet got. 1 think therefore it is useless to con-
: sume time in taking the yeas and nays on a ques-
j tion on which it is almost evident there will be a
i unanimous vote.
| Mr. BADGER. Since the yeas and nays have
j been ordered, 1 must insist on their being taken.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Will the Senator from
[ North Carolina assign a reason5
Mr. BADGER. I desire to record my vote.
I suppose that reason will be sufficient.
The question was taken on the motion of the
committee to strike out the appropriation, and re-
sulted—yeas 41, nays 1; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Atchison, Badger, Bayard, Bell,
Borland, Bright, Brodhead, Brooke, Butler, (Jass, Charl-
ton, Chase, Oku ke, Dawson, De Saus&urc, Douglas, Felcb,
Pish, Goyer, Gvnn, Hamlin, Houston, Jones of Tennessee,
Kim?, Mallory, Meriwether, Miller, Morris, Pearce, Pratt,
Sebastian, Reward, ^oul<;, Spruanee, Pumrter, Toucey,
Underwood, Wade, Walker, and Weller—41.
NAY—Mr. Clemens.
So the amendment of the committee was agreed
to.
The fifth amendment of the Committee on Fi-
nance was to insert, after the words " per annum'5
in the following clause, the words in italics:
" For payment to the heirs of Cyrin Choice the balance
due fur semces lendeied bv him as acting Indian agent in
New Mexico, from the 9th of December. 1849, to the 14th
of September, 1850, at the rate of $l,f>.>0 per annum," after
dcilactim* the smn of fifty dollars hcietoforc paid to said
Cyius Choice, '* $1,137 7ti."
The amendment was agreed to.
The sixth amendment of the Committee on
Finance was to add at the end of the bill the fol-
lowing clause:
" For compensation to three special agents and four in-
torpioters toi the Indian tribes of Texas, and for the pur-
chase ot presents, sl5,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
The seventh amendment of the Committee on
Finance was to add the following clause:
" To t nabh: the Secretary of the Interior to cause an xn-
vcsti'iation to be made into certain claims piefened asjamst
the United Status, foi piovi<ions alleged to have been fur-
nished to tlui indiansm California, $10,000."
Mr. WALKER. I would like to hear some
explanation of that amendment.
Mr. BRIGHT. Numerous treaties have been
made with the Indians of California, and, in conse-
quence, various appropriations have been rendered
necessary, as contracts have been made by the
agents of the Government, and no appropriations
were in existence for the purpose of meeting them.
This appropriation was recommended by theSecre-
tary of the Interior; and, on learning the facts of the
case, the Committee on Finance resolved, on bring- .
ing it under the consideration of thetSenate, for
the purpose of employing an agent to ascertain
the extent and the justice of the claims growing
out of these treaties.
Mr. WALKKR. Then it appears that this ap-
propriation is not for the purpose of paying these
claims, but merely to ascertain what they are?
Mr. BRIGHT. Yes, sir.
Mr. WALKKR. It seems to me, that if we
weie to introduce a resolution requesting the Sec-
retary of the Interior to furnish this information,
it would be the more appropriate course, if the
Department discharged its duty. It is a most
singular thing that an appropriation should be
asked for to ascertain what is the amount of these
claims.
Mr. WELLER. They arose under eighteen
different treaties.
Mr. WALKER. Eighteen treaties with the
Indians of California were sent to the Senate,
containing certain stipulations which the Senate
refused to ratify. Besides, there was no authority
for making these treaties at all, as I understand.
Some persons took it upon themselves to make
these treaties, and sent them here in hopes that
the Government would adopt them. I do not
question their motives; they might have been
good; but the Government refused to recognize
these treaties, and I look on this appropriation of
$10,000, for the purpose of ascertaining what
claims arise out of them, as most extraordinary.
Those who have claims against the Government
will, no doubt, send them here soon enough,with-
out our sending an agent to look them up; and I
hope that we shall be able to ascertain their
amount without, incurring this expenditure.
Mr. WELLER. The Senator from Wiscon-
sin is entirely mistaken as to the character of the
Indian agents. They were responsible persons,
sent out by the Government with full authority to
negotiate treaties with the Indians. They negoti-
ated eighteen treaties, which were regularly trans-
mitted to the Executive branch of the Govern-
ment, and by the Government to the Senate, and
by the Senate they were rejected. Nearly all these
treaties stipulated that the Government should
supply the Indians with provisions for two y«fers;
