1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1239
Shrewsbury townships, New .Jersey, praying an
appropriation for the improvement of South
Shrewsburjr river; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I hold in my
hand resolutions of the Legislature of the State
of Massachusetts concerning the liquidation and
payment of the claims of American citizens for
French spoliations anterior to September 30,1800.
In these resolutions the Senators in Congress are
instructed, and the Representatives of the State
are requested to use their best exertions to procure
from the Government as full and adequate indem-
nities therefor, as though said claims still existed
against the Government of Prance, and to aid by
all proper means the passage of any bill for the
speedy and equitable liquidation thereof; and his
Excellency the Governor was requested to trans-
mit copies of these resolutions to each of the Sen-
ators and Representatives of the State and request
them to lay the same before their respective
Houses. As the subject referred to in these res-
olutions has already been disposed of in this body,
I do not ask for their reading, but simply move that
they be laid on the table, and printed for the use
of the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER also presented another series of
resolutions from the Legislature of the State of
Massachusets, concerning the construction of aship
canal around the Fails of the Sault Ste. Mane, in
the State of Michigan; which was read, and or-
dered to be printed for the use of the Senate.
DEATH OF HON. CHARLES ANDREWS.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, was received,commu-
nicating to the Senate information of the death of
the Hon. Chari.es Andrews, a member of the
House of Representatives from the State of Maine,
and the proceedings of the House thereon.
Mr. HAMLIN. I ask that the communication
from the House of Representatives may be read.
The Secretary read it accordingly.
Mr. HAMLIN rose mid said:
Mr. President: The resolution which has just
been read, informing the Senate of the decease of
my colleague in the House, is but another admo-
nition to us all, of the frailty of human existence.
It may, as it should, subserve a useful phrpose.
I am, indeed, forcibly reminded, as it becomes my
duty to pay a tribute to his memory, that, under
the decrees of an inscrutable Providence, he might
have been spared to perform a like service to mine.
He came to this city, in November last, to dis-
charge the duties of a Representative in Congress,
which had been devolved upon him by a generous
and confiding constituency. 1 accompanied him
from his home, and took rooms with him here.
He was then in fee'^le health; but it was the hope
and belief of himself and his friends, that a more
genial climate than his home afforded, would re-
store him to health. It, however, soon became
evident to all but himself, that the fatal disease, so
prevalent at the North, and which allows of no
mastery, was deep-seated upon him. Still, with
a wonderful energy and signal fidelity, he con-
tinued to discharge all of his various duties until
within about three weeks since, when, gradually
foiling in his strength, under the earnest solicita-
tion of friends, he returned to his home in Maine,
■where he expired on the morning of Friday last,
in the bosom of his family. He was a few weeks
more than thirty-eight years of age. He died from
a pulmonary consumption, in the spring-tide of
time—in the summer of his manhood, and has j>
gone to that repose which must succeed the toil-jj
some day of human life. j,
While he was in this city it was my duty, as it [ ■
was my pleasure, to be with him much of his time, 1:
to aid him in his labors, to cheer him in his dis- !;
tress, and to sympathize with him in his pain and !;
trials. He endured his sickness with great forti- i;
tude, and was sustained in a most remarkable;
manner by that delusive hope which seems always :'
to accompany that disease. All that kindness and ,,
careful attention could do was done by all his ||
friends while he was here. Still, to me, and, I i
may say, to all my colleagues, it is a matter of;.
consolation to know that friends, and home, and ]
wife, all contributed to cheer and alleviate his pain j'
and suffering in the last days and heurs of his life. !
There is no place for those who suffer like home, ;
and no hand to alleviate it like that of a wife. |j
He was a man of vigorous intellect and great
energy. The speech delivered by him in the House,
at this session, on American intervention, atfords
remarkable evidence of his energy—when it is
known, as it was to his friends, that it was pre-
pared under that state of disease which would have
prostrated most men. Frankness and generosity
were distinguishing traits m his character, serving
to draw around him warm and ardent friends.
Frankness and generosity may challenge our ad-
miration, while they may even betray into difficul-
ties from which cool, calculating prudence would
escape.
He was a member of the legal profession, and
sustained a good reputation as an advocate at the
bar in his native county, where he resided and
practiced. He was eminently a self-made man.
Without the aid of a thorough early education;
without the aid of wealth, family influence, or
other adventitious circumstances, few men in
Maine, of his age, have shared more of public
trust and confidence. He was three times elected
a member of the Legislature, and once as Speaker
of the House of Representatives. lie was then
the candidate of his party for a seat in the other
House. Afterwards he was elected to the office
of clerk of the judicial courts for Oxford county,
which office he filled for the term of four years;
a member of the Baltimore Convention in 3848,
and of the National Democratic Committee, and
again a candidate for, and elected to, the seat
which he held m the House at the time of his de-
cease. All his duties were discharged to the ac-
ceptance of those who had conferred them upon
him. Those public trusts, and the mannei m
which they were performed, convey a most appro-
priate commendation of the man. They are facts
which speak a eulogy to Ins worth and his mem-
ory, more truthful and appropriate than I could
pronounce.
{i Leaves have their time to fall,
And flower^ to wither at the north-wind's breath,
And stats to set; but all,
Thou hast all seaborn ior thine own, oh, Death !"
I mourn his loss as a sincere friend. The State
is bereft of one of her distinguished sons. His
constituents are deprived of the valuable and effi-
cient services of an able representative. A wid-
owed wife and orphan children weep, in a home
made desolate, for the irreparable loss of a kind
husband and an affectionate father. But into that
mourning circle it is not my province to enter.
Time, " with healing on its wings," will assuage
their grief, and their reliance must be on "Him
who doeth all things well."
The House has paid a tribute to his worth, and
manifested their appreciation of the man, in their
resolutions which have been communicated to the
Senate. I ask the Senate to join with the House
in an expression of respect for the deceased, and
of sympathy for the surviving relatives, by adopt-
ing the resolution which I send to the Chair.
The Secretary read the resolutions, as follows:
Resolved, That the Senate receives with sincere regietthe
announcementoithedeath ofihe Hon.Charles Andrews,
late a member of tne House of Representatives 1'iom
the State of Maine, and tendeis to the relatives of ibe de-
ceased, the assurance of their sympathy with them under
the beieavement they have been called to sustain.
Ilpsolnrdy That the Seeretary of the Senate he directed
to transmit to the family of Mr. Andrews, a certified copy
ot the foregoing resolution.
Mr. BRADBURY. In seconding the resolu-
tions oifeied by my colleague, I desire to express
my full concurrence in the just tribute of respect
he has paid to the memory and character of the
deceased. i
Although my acquaintance with him was more i
recent than that of my colleague, I had yet known ;
him long enough to appreciate his honesty of pur- j
pose, his energy and ability as a public man; and i
his kindness, generosity, and amiability as a citi- j
zen, a neighbor, and most of all in that family cir-1
cie, which must always mourn his loss. ;
The resolutions were unanimously adopted, and
on motion of Mr. Bradbury the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. j
Tuesday, May 4, 1853. \
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer |!
by the Rev. C. Al. Butler. ||
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved, j;
Mr. McDONALD obtained the floor. ;;
Mr. COBB. I ask the gentleman from Maine I
to yield, in order to allow me to make a motion
which cahnot be made unless made to-day. I
move to reconsider the vote by which Senate bill
No. 14, granting to the State of Alabama the right
of way and a donation of public lands for making
a railroad from Selma to the Tennessee river, was
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. POLK. I object.
Mr. COBB. I believe I have the right to make
the motion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has the right
to make the motion, and n will be entered on the
Journal.
OBITUARY.
Mr. McDONALD said: Mr. Speaker: I do not
rise to make any motion in relation to the ordinary
business of the House, but to perform the sad
duty of bringing to its attention the recent death of
one of its members.
The Hon. Charles Andrews, but a few days
since in our midst, evidently greatly debilitated in
body, yet strong m the belief that the mildness of
approaching summer would impart new vigor to
the springs of life, left this city on the morning of
the 13th of April last, for his distant and loved
home.
By the last mail from the North the delegation
from Maine received the afflicting intelligence that
their colleague has been disappointed in his hopes,
and died at his residence, on Paris Hill, sur-
rounded by his family, on Friday last.
Colonel Andrews, although comparatively a
young man, had received many tokens from his
fellow-citizens of their esteem and confidence.
Educated a lawyer, he was called, when the
duties of his profession were hardly begun, to rep-
j resent his town in- the Legislature of the State.
■ He-was elected and served in that capacity for
three consecutive years, and was chosen Speaker
of the House of Representatives during the last
year of his service in that body.
Voluntarily retiring from the Legislature, here-
turned to the pursuit of his profession, but was
shortly afterwards elected clerk of the judicial
courts for the county of Oxford.
When his official term expired, he declined are-
election to that office, and resumed the active busi-
ness of a counsellor within the courts.
In September, 1850, his political friends elected
Colonel Andrews a member of the present Con-
gress; but here mustend their tokens of confidence
and esteem, as he has been called to pass that
bourn from which no traveler returns.
It can hardly be said of our friend, that "a
prophet is without honor m his own country,"
for he lived and died in his native county.
In all the various stations filled by Colonel An-
drews, he fully'met the measure of private and
public expectation.
The disease which preyed upon his system, and
finally proved the master of his strength, prevent-
ed his active participation in the transactions of
this body: but the character of his mind, his in-
dustry and diligence in investigation, are strongly
manifested in the elaborate speech on the subject
of American intervention, which he prepared in
this city during the very period of his illness, and
published for the gratification of his constituents.
In private life he was humble and ardent—qual-
ities which give type to character, making its ex-
cellence more prominent, and shading, "as with
an angel's wing," its faults.
F*e his family, let his example of charity in
private, of zeal in doing good to others, of resig-
nation under affliction, bud and blossom from his
grave.
For his fellow-citizens, and especially for the
young men of his native county, let his successful
and honorable life feed the flame of laudable am-
bition within their bosoms.
for his fellow-members of this House, let his
death admonish us of our mortality, and teach us
the lesson, that every moment of time is a moment
of mercy.
In conclusion, Mr. McD. offered the following
lesolutions:
Resolved, That the House has heard, with deep regret,
the announcement of the death of the Hon. Charlks An-
drew©, hue a member of the present Congress^ and, from
a desire o! showing eveiy mark of respect due to
hi** memory, will wear crape on the left arm for thirty days.
Resolved, That the Clerk of the fJou?e be directed to
communicate a copy of tbes<j proceedings to the family of
