2104
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 6,
and the agents proceeded, under these informal
treaties, to supply the Indians with beef to the
amount of nearly a million of dollars. The Sen-
ator is mistaken in supposing that none of these
claims have been presented to the Government.
Claims to the amount of nearly half a million
have been presented to the Department, and pro-
tested for want of funds.
. A general impression has gone abroad, here as
well as in California, that there was something
improper in the mode of making the contracts for
the supply of provisions. Many persons think
that there was fraud; and in order to investigate
the matter it is necessary to make tHis appropri-
ation. We propose to send out an agent, who
shall be specially charged with the investigation
of the manner in which these contracts were
made. If they were made in good faith, and if
the contractors supposed that they had the au-
thority of Government for supplying the beef, the
Government will, ultimately, be bound to pay;
but before we can make any drafts on the Treas-
ury for this purpose, we desire to obtain informa-
tion. That is all we ask. We shall be called on
at the next session of Congress to appropriate
§1,000,000 in satisfaction of this debt, and unless
wo m?tke this appropriation we shall not possess
the information necessary for our guidance.
Mr. ATCHISON. I agree with the Senator
from Wisconsin that there is no earthly necessity
for making this appropriation. We have a Su-
perintendent of Indian Affairs. An office of this
kind has lately been created,and a competent man
has been appointed to fill it—one who is well qual-
ified to investigate these claims and report upon
them. I therefore can see no necessity for a
special agent. The Superintendent of Indian Af-
fairs can do it under instructions from the Depart-
ment of the Interior.
Mr. WALKER. If the Senator from Cali-
fornia had not been one of those who have shown
a good deal of zeal and a great deal of ability m
Gxoosmg the conductt)f some persons connected
with the present Administration—if he was one of
those who are friendly to it, and had tried to con-
ceal ceituin facts, anQ had inadvertently favored
this proposition—I should have pronounced jtone
of the most astounding things in the world. What
is the proposition ? Why, our Indian agents
make treaties with the Indians in California, and
while they are yet inchoate, before they are sub-
mitted to the Government here for ratification, the
Indian agents go on and purchase beef for these
Indians, as it is alleged, to the value of $1,000,000,
and claims for the payment of $500,000 have
ahendy com? in. There are then claims to the
amount of $500*000 to come in. Was ever such
a thing heard of before? 1 venture to say, that if
such a thing had occurred during the excitement
that existed in the Democratic administration of
Van Thiren, or that of General Jackson, there
would have been an effort to impeach the Execu-
tive. Cut now the matter is spoken of by the
Senatoi bom California as being the result of a
more inadvertence. If- is a mostastounding devel-
opment, that an expense of a million of dollars
has be*n inclined under treaties with the Indians,
which had not been submitted to the Senate of the
United States. And what is more extiaordinary,
ond the force of which I think the Senator fioni
California must feel, is, that Government must
is^ue a search-warrant to cause debts? to be hunted
up. 1 do not see the necessity of expanding money
to search for them. I do not believe but that they
will be here soon enough if you do not appropri-
ate a cunt. Claims to the amount of $500,000
were here before tin* treaties were acted upon. It
is the most extraordinary thing I ever heard of in
my life. I am sure the Senator from California
cannot be in earnest m m iking this proposition to
issue a search-warrant to hunt up claims against
the Government. We all know they will find their
way here soon enough without our sending out
agents to look them up. We can get any amount
of Government debts, not half as good as these,
without paying anything for hunting them up.
They come here every day. Therefore I am op-
posed to this proposition.
Mr WELLER. I assure the Senator from
Wisconsin th-tt I am serious. I did not propose
to issue a search-warrant for the purpose of ascer-
taining whe^e these claims are. I know where
many of them aie. I know that many of them
are held by honest men in California, who have
given to the country a good and sufficient consid-
eration for them. I know that there are many
persons there who furnished cattle at a fair price,
while I am quite willing to admit that there are
others who furnished cattle for which they charged
a most exorbitant price—prices which I think can
be proved to be both unfair and unjust. And now
when I am asked indiscriminately to pay claims
out of the Treasury, some of which I know are in
the hands of honest men, while others are admit-
ted to be unjust and exorbitant, I desire to know
all that can be known about the original matter.
All that is proposed under the appropriation is
simply that some disinterested person shall be
authorized and empowered to make that investi-
gation in order that we may be enabled to see
when these debts may be presented here, whether
the property alleged to have been furnished was
actually furnished or not. I agree with the Sen-
ator from Missouri that the Superintendent of In-
dian affairs is in every way qualified for the dis-
charge of this duty. But he has asked to be
relieved from the examination of a portion of these
claims, particularly many that arise in the south-
ern part of California.
The contracts made for beef by Colonel Fre-
mont amounted to $180,000. That amount of
beef was furnished at the rate of fifteen cents per
pound, at which rate it would make cattle worth
from sixty to seventy dollars per head, while I
know that they were not worth more than twenty
dollars per head. The Superintendent of Indian
Affairs recently appointed a particular friend of
his. He is well known to him, and has been as-
sociated with him in many of his explorations in
the Rocky Mountains. He may have been asso-
ciated with him at the time these cattle were de-
livered; and he has very properly asked the De-
partment to be relieved from the investigation of
that portion of the contracts. It seems to me that
some proper and disinterested person should go
out and make the investigations.
I think there is no reason why the Senator from
Wisconsin should have expressed so much sur-
prise at this proposition. If he had been familiar
with the proceedings of the Senate he would have
known that the Secretary of the Interior had been
applied to for information in regard to this matter,
and had informed the Senate that there were claims
to the amount of $800,000 on these contracts. This
information was communicated to the Senate long
ago. Every Senator, if he had attended to the
proceedings of this body, might have known, with-
out the authority of any'Department, that these
commissioner had contracted debts to the amount
of £>800,,000. He might have known, also, that
drafts, given by these cosnmissioners, for very
large amounts, have been protested; and he might
have known that only $25,000 were appropriated
to meet the demand. According to the treaty it
was provided that the beef should be delivered in
1851 and 1852. All the cattle which had been
centracted for to be delivered in 1851 had been de-
livered before you acted on the treaty at all, and a
large portion of those which were to have been
delivered in 1852. The debts, then, have been
already contracted, and I suppose we are in the
i; predicament in which the Irishman found him-
ii self when he declared that when he enlisted he
! was forced to volunteer. The debts are already
; m the hands of officers; it will, therefore, prevent
' a great deal of difficulty hereafter, if an investiga-
! tion in regard to these claims is made at the pres-
; enf time, if a disinterested person who has had no
, connection with any of these transactions should
j! be sent to that country in order that he may ex-
i amine the manner in which these contracts were
! made, and report to the Government, so that we
i'may be able to act understanding^ when the
i' claims shall come in.
j 1 have nothing to say as to the manner in which
: these debts were contracted; it is not the only
i transaction in which the agents of the present Ad-
Si ministration have been concerned which bears oil
i its face some evidence of dishonesty; not that I
1' would imply any want of moral integrity of those
i now in power; hut it will be necessary to have
some information, and the only question is, how
j that information is to be obtained. My friend
; from Missouri [Mr. Atchison] says that we can
1 get it from the Superintendent of Indian Affairs,
1 and I have laid before the Senate some reasons
- why he should be relieved from that responsi-
I bility.
Mr. ATCHISON. I think the Senator from
California admits that, but for the special reasons
which he assigns, I am right, and that if this Su-
perintendent of Indian Affahs was entirely disin-
terested, and not connected in intimate personal
relations with some of the parties who make these
claims, or if he could waive his feelings of deli-
cacy in regard to them, he would be the proper
person. Let us look at the state of the case.
Three or four Indian agents were sent to Cali-
fornia to make treaties with the California Indians,
and to discharge other duties connected with the
office of the Indian agencies. When there, they
made, eighteen treaties, as it is said, with those
Indians; and upon the supposition that those
treaties were ratified by the Executive Depart-
ment of this Government, by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, it is eaid they contracted
debts in the execution of those treaties to the
amount of from $800,000 to $1,000,000.
Now, were these officers so ignorant, or was
this done because they were so corrupt? One or
the other must have been true. They well knew
that they had no power to make and execute a
treaty. Then what was the obvious and proper
course of the Administration ? It was to remove
them either for their ignorance, or for their -cor-
ruption, and to appoint men with sufficient capa-
city and integrity to discharge those duties. I do
not believe that this has been done. One of these
agents has resigned his office, and another, or per-
haps two others, are still in California, in the dis-
charge of their duties, perhaps contracting new
debts, and perhaps at this very hour carrying out
those treaties. The fault is with the Administra-
tion, that these men have not been removed, and
men of integrity and capacity appointed in their
places, who could and who would investigate this
matter, and report upon it. I think that the Su-
perintendent of Indian Affairs has shown a proper
delicacy upon this subject, and I agree with the
Senator from California, thathe should be relieved
from the discharge of those dunes, so far as the
particular contracts mentioned by him a;e con-
cerned.
I might say also with regard to some other
officers there, that the Administration should re-
move all who, contrary to all reason and common
sense, have had any connection with these liiegal
acts, and should appoint in their places men of
capacity and integrity, who can examine into
these contracts and report to this Government. If
I am right in this, there is no necessity for an ap-
propriation of $10,000 to pay a special agent to
go to California and examine these claims. We
have district judges and district attorneys, and
other officers in California who might be employed
for that,purpose.
Mr. PEARCE. This whole matter w; s dis-
cussed in the Senate some months since, and some
facts in connection with it, which appear to have
escaped the attention of the Sneate, were then
stated. There were three Indian agents and one
sub-agent in California. One of these agents de-
nies that he ever participated in these illegal con-
tracts; one has resigned; the other, who partici-
pated in the contracts is now in office, and the
sub-agent was removed.
Mr. WELLER. Will the Senator al'ow me
to say that there are two agents there still5
Mr. PEARCE. There are two, but only one
of them participated in the contracts. The names
of the agents were Barboui, MeKee, and Wozen-
craft; Johnston was the name of the sub-agent.
Barbour resigned; McKee denies his participation,
and Johnston was removed. These facts are con-
tained m the papers on file in the Department of
the Interior, and were read by me some months
ago, in my place here. Wozencraft did partici-
pate largely in the contracts, but he was suffered
to remain in office for the reasons that I then
assigned—because it was supposed that he would
be able to communicate to the Government that
information which it was supposed he would not
be so willing or so ready to give if he were re-
moved.
There is no question that the authority of these
agents did not extend so far as they went, and
that they grossly violated their duty in making
these Contracts; and, as I stated formerly, they
were sternly rebuked for it. But as the Senator
from California [Mr. Weller) has very cor-
rectly stated, however improper or illegal the con-
tracts may have been, this much is certain: they
