w>
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jam 20,
over my other colleague from the Ros.s district,
[Mr. Taylor.] Our State will be redistricted for
Congressional purposes this session of our Legis-
lature. The Democracy will do this work; and I
doubt not that it will be well done. The gentle-
nlan from the Abolition district [Mr. Gjdbings]
will come back to this House again.* His district
is so situated that we cannot attach enough democ-
racy to it, to oust him from his seat. He holds a
life tenure upon this floor; but my colleague from
the Ross district has no such tenure.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia, next obtained the
floor.
Mr. MARSHALL, of California Will the
gentleman from Virginia yield me the floor for a
moment? I desire, before the committee rises, to
offer an amendment to the bill.
Mr. BAYLY. 1 have no objection to yield it
for that purpose.
Mr. MARSHALL. I wish to offer an amend-
ment to the bill which has been under discussion,
or ought to have been under discussion, all morn-
ing. My amendment is in these words:
Provided, That the President may cause the payment to
be made at such time and m such manner as will be most
acceptable to the Government of Mexico.
I do not, of course, wish to discuss this amend-
ment now, but 1 have some few observations upon
it, which I shall wish to submit at a more suitable
time than the present. I now move that the com-
mittee rise.
The question was put and agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose, and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the Chairman [Mr.
Jones] reported that the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union had had under consider-
ation the state of the Union generally, and partic-
ularly House bill No. 46, providing for carrying
into execution in further part the twelfth article
of the treaty concluded with Mexico at Guada-
lupe Hidalgo, but had come to no conclusion
thereon.
Mr. BARRERE, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported back as correctly enrolled—
An act authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury
to issue a register to the brig Ado; and
An act to provide a room for the Congressional
library.
On motion by Mr. FOWLER, the House then
adjourned.
NOTICE OF BILL.
Mr. MACE gave notice that he would on to-morrow, or
some subsequent day, introduce a " Bill to piovide for the
settlement of claims against the United States."
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions, memorials, See., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appiopnate committees :
By Mi. FLORENCE: The memorial of Samurl W.
Jone**, William 11. White, Charles Macalestor, and others,
interested m the claims! upon the United States fm spolia-
tions on the property of American citizen-: prior to the
year 1801, petitioning Congress to pa s a law tor their
speedy liquidation.
Also, tne mcmoiial of Edward A. Lowdei & Co., Michael
Erriekson, .John S. Newhn, and otheis, citizens of the
States of Pennsylvania, Delaware, and New Jersey, peti-
tioning Congie&s to make appropuations, at the piesent
session, for the. erection of a suitable pier and harbor m the
Delaware river and bay as will afford shelter to vessels
navigating them.
Ais>o, the memorial of John H. Parker, Henry M. Zol-
lickoffer, Nicola Manachesi, and othei?, citizens of the
State of Pennsylvania, petitioning Congress to pass a law
to piohibit the banishment, deportation, or immigration,
from foreign countnes to the United States, of all convicts,
felons, and paupers, publicly recognized as such in their
own country.
By Mr. II EN NT: A petition of Orson Hyde and 45
others, asking for the eieation of a new land district in the
portion of the State of Town, and for the location of the
land office therefor at Kanesviile.
Also, the petition of George W. Armstiong and 60
others upon the same subject.
Also, the petition of S. T. Cary and 23 others, of a like
nature.
By Mr. POKTER: The petition of Lloyd Dorsey, of
Missouri, asking permission to enter, at the minimum
price, cei tain pieces of land in St. Charles county, Mis oun,
within the unconfnmed claim of Fi.uicis Smith, deceased.
By Mr. ROBBINS : The petition of John H. Scott and
84 others, citizens of Pennsylvania, praving Congress to
pass a law to prohibit the deportation ot ait convicts*felons
and paupers, publicly redfegniz^d aa such at home in their
own countries.
By Mr. AVERETT : The petition of 303 citizens of the
tluul Congressional distiict in Virginia, praying that the
office of Chiiplmn bp aboh«h  d.
By Mr. THOMAS M. HOWE: The memorial of Charles
Avery and others, citizens of* Pittsburg, Pennsylvania,
pjaying for the construction of a ship canal around the
falls ol the nver St. Marie, Michigan.
By Mr. KURTZ: The petition and papers of Henry
Young, of York county, Pennsylvania, praying compensa-
tion for disability incurred in the service of the United
States during the war with Mexico.
By Mr. KXTHNS: The petition of Frederick Willyard, of
Westmoreland county, in Pennsylvania, praying tor a pen-
sion.
By Mr. LANE: The petition of citizens of Oregon rela-
tive to the custom-house at Pngit's.Sound.
By Mr. THOMAS M. HOWE: The memorial of Lewis
Peterson and others, citizens of Alleghany county, Pennsyl-
vania, praying for such a modification of the present rates
of duty*as will afford adequate protection to- the manufac-
turers of salt.
Also, the petition of R. Moyle and others, praying for a
national canal at the Falls of St. Mane, Michigan.
By Mr. ROBBINS : A memorial of the citizens of Penn-
sylvania, signed by Robert M. Lee and 34 others, praying
Congress to modify the bounty land aet of September 28th,
1850, so as to give to each of the peisons intended to be
benefited by the said act, and to seamen and marines who
served in naval war, not less than ISO acres of land.
B>y Mr. CHANDLER: The memorial of the Presidents of
the Maiine Insurance Companies of Philadelphia, asking
that a light ship," with a "fog hill," be placed in the
Slur near Cape Roman, gfouth Catohna.
Also, the memorial of the Presidents of the Marine In-
surance Companies of Philadelphia, asking Congress to
inci ease the salary of the judge of the United States court
at Key "West.
By Mr. SC UDDER: The petition of Charles West and
others, of Massachusetts, asking that the appropriation
made by the Thnty-first Congress for a light-house at
Holmes's Hole, may be applied, by the Secretary of the
Treasury, to the erection of three bcacon or bug lights,
according to the recommendation in the report of the Su-
peimtcndcnt of the Coast Survey.
By Mr. ROBBINS: The memorial of John 6. Mayne,
of Philadelphia, one of the heirs of Dr. Samuel McKenzic,
Surgeon of the Pennsylvania Continental Line in the i evolu-
tionary war, claiming commutation or five years' full pay.
By Mr. WELCH: The petition of A. S. Tidd, asking
to have Ills road from Long Bottom to Tupper's Plains, in
Meigs county, Ohio, declared a po>t route.
By Mr. CABELL : The memorial of Joseph R. Croskey,
Consul at Cowes, England, for reimbursement for extraor-
dinary expenses incurred in the public service.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, January 21, 1852.
Prayer by the Rev. L. F. Morgan.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a communication from the President of the
United States, transmitting a report of the De-
partment of State, containing copies of the corre-
spondence which has taken place between that
Department and the Minister of the United States
in Paris, respecting the political occurrences which
have recently taken place in France; which was
read.
On motion by Mr. MANGUM, it was
Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations, and printed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of War, commu-
nicating, in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate of the 11th December, 1851, a copy of the
proceedings of the general court-martial convened
in this city the 23d of June, 1851, for the trial of
Brevet Brigadier General George Talcott, Colonel
of Ordnance; which was read.
On motion by Mr. CLARKE, it was
Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Serrate a report of the Secretary of War, commu-
nicating, in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate of the 9th December, 1851, a report of the
Chief Topographical Engineer, m relation to inun-
dations of the Mississippi river, with estimate© of
the appropriation required to complete the sur-
veys and investigations heretofore directed; which
was read.
Mr. DOWNS moved that it be printed, and
that two thousand additional copies be printed,
three hundred of which for the use*of the Topo-
graphical Bureau. %
That motion goes to the Committee on Printing.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of the Treasury,
communicating, in compliance with a resolution
of the Senate of March 12, 1851, a report on the
statistics and history of the steam marine of the
United States; which was read.
Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
PETITIONS.
Mr. CLARKE presented the petition of Julia
M. Lawrence, widow of James Lawrence, a naval
officer, and one of the captors of the frigate Phil-
adelphia, praying to be allowed prize money;
which was referred to the Committee on Naval
AiFairs.
Mr. BELL presented the memorial of the legal
representatives of Isaac McCoy, deceased, pray-
| ing the allowance of certain items rejected by the
| accounting officers in the settlement of his ac-
\ counts as Indian Commissioner in 1840 and 1841;
| which "was referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
; Mr. SEWARD submitted a document in rela-
j tion to the claim of the widow of Brigadier Gen-
eral Belknap to a pension; which was referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. PEARCE presented the memorial of Sarah
A. Watson, widow of Lieutenant Colonel Wil-
j ham hi. Watson, praying a continuance of her
pension; which was referred to the Committee oi>
Pensions.
Also, a memorial of merchants, underwriters^
and otherSy of Baltimore, Maryland, praying Con-
gress to authorize a survey of certain shoals in the
China Seas,'the Straits of Gaspar, and Java Sea,
which lie m the tracks of vessels proceeding to
and from China; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. UNDERWOOD submitted an additional
document in relation to the claim of William S.
Waller*, which was referred to the Committee of
Claims.
Me. MALLORY presented the petition of PL
S. Kenny, praying compensation for subsistence,
forage, and other supplies, furnished to a company
of Texas volunteers in 1849"; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, presented a petition of
citizens of Jasper county, Iowa, praying the cor-
rection of an error in the entry of certain lands by
Meshech Dearingerand William Dearinger; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Also, a memorial of citizens of Iowa, praying
a giant of land to that State for the construction
of a railroad from Burlington to the Missouri
river, which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. WADE presented the proceedings of the-
City Council of the city of Cincinnati, in favor of
an appropriation for the purchase of the private
stock of the Louisville and Portland Canal, a
reduction' of the tolls, and an enlargement of the
Canal; Xvhich was referred to the Committee on
lloadsAnd Canals.
¥
CLAIMS AGAINST MEXICO.
Mr. DOWNS. I have in my possession a pe-
ji tition of Daniel N. Pope, one of the claimants for
;j indemnity against Mexico, who prays that some
I provision may be made for the reinvestigation of
I his claim. I have also a similar petition from
I Andrew J. Brame. There are now several peti-
! tions before the Senate on this subject, which have
| been presented by myself and other Senators, of
i which the Senate has made no disposition. I see
' that the honorable Senator from New Jersey,
t [Mr. Stockton,] who made the motion the other
! day to refer these memorials to a select commit-
j tee, is now in his seat. I now make the same
I motion which he then made, and I will state that
' I was mistaken the other day in relation to that
matter. I understood the Chair to say that the
motion at that time pending was* to refer the
memorial which he presented to the Committee
on Foreign Relations. I have since understood
Ij that the Senator from New Jersey moved to refer
II it to a select committee.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I understood the Senator
I' from New Jersey to move to refer to a select
; committee.
:! The PRESIDENT. No, sir; he suggested
\] that he would make that motion at the proper
j; time.
j| Mr. DOWNS. Then I make the motion now.
; |Iwill state that 1 have looked iflto these memo-
ij rials with some care, and I think that the subject
I to which they relate is important, and that it re-
1 quires serious and laborious examination. The
• memorialists make complaints of so serious a na-
, ture, that I think it is indispensably necessary, in
•justice to them, that a full investigation should
; take place. The only objection I have to these
; memorials going to the Committee on ForeignRe-
lations is, that their other avocations are so import-
ant that the committee will not be able to devote
the necessary time to the consideration of this sub-
ject. As I said the other day, these memorials
