1240
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 5,
tbe deceased; and .that,-as a further mark of respect, the
House do now adjourn. ^
The resolutions were unanimously agreed to.
And the House accordingly adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
"The following petitions, memorials, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania: A remonstrance
against any Congressional action in the Wheeling Bridge
C&AIso, a memorial praying Congress to relieve the officials
of Government from the violation of the Lord's day by
secular employment.
Also, the resolutions of the Legislature of Pennsylvania
relative to the Wheeling Bridge.
Also, the petitions and documents of several assistant
marshals, praying for additional compensation.
By Mr. HARPER: The petition of Ebenezer Smith,
administrator de bonis non of the estate of Captain Thomas
Cook, praying for five years' commutation pay fbr services
of said Cook m the-Pennsylvania Continental line in the
war of the Revolution.
By Mr. THURSTON: The memorial of citizens of New-
port and Providence, Rhode Island, praying Congress to
estabh&h a line of mail steam-ships toiun from Newport to
the principal places in the world.
• By Mr. WELCH: The petition of 38 citizens of Athens
county, Ohio,"Tor a post route Horn Cooiviiie to Hibbaids-
ville, in Athens.
Bv Mr." BREOKINRTDGE: The memorial of Benjamin
F. Williams, assistant marshal for the first district of Bour-
bon county, in the State of Kentucky, praying additional
compensation for taking the Seventh Census.
By Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York: The memorial of
certain citizens of the State of New York, praying the erec-
tion of certain lights to aid in the navigation of the H udson
river.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, May 5, 1852.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. C. M. Butler.
The PRESIDENT pro tem. laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretary of War, in answer to
a resolution of (he Senate calling for information
in relation to civil officers employed in the Terri-
tory of New Mexico, while under military gov-
ernment; which Avas read, and ordered to be laid
on the tuble and printed.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr, SEWARD presented the petitions of the
heirs of Willis Clifi, an officer in the Army of the
Revolution, and the heiia of Lemuel Clift, a captain
in the same army, praying allowance for depre-
ciation on commutation certificates; which were
referred to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. HALE presented the memorial of inhabit-
ants of Lawrence county, Pennsylvania, praying
that the transportation of the mails on Sunday
may be prohibited by law, and that the employees
of the Government may not be permitted to work
on that day,under penalties to be provided, where
the public safety does not require it; which was
ordered to be laid on the table.
Mr. PISH presented concuirent resolutions of
the Legislature of New York, in favor of the en-
actment of a law making grants of land upon some
equal and just principle of appropriation to all the
States; which were read, ordered to be laid on the
table, and printed.
Also, the petition of the children and heirs-at-
law of Major Godfrey Rinehart, of the revolu-
tionary Army, praying compensation for services
rendered by their father during the war of the
Revolution; which wan refetied to the Committee
on Revolutionary Chums.
Ah-o, a memorial of the officers of the United
States steamer Missouri, prayingcompensation for
loss of clothing and other personal effects, by the
destruction of that vessel by fire, in Gibraltar flay;
which was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Mr. SUMNER presented certain resolutions of
the Legislature of Massachusetts, stating that
Massachusetts deems it expedient and just that
Congress appropriate a portion of the public lands
to establish and endow a National Normal Agri-
cultural College, which shall be to the rural sci-
ences what West Point Academy is to the mili-
tary, for the purpose of educating teachers and
professors for service in all the States of the Re-
public; which were referred to the Committee on
Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. BORLAND presented the memorial of
Robert Mills, proposing a plan for a railroad and'
telegraphic communication to the Pacific ocean;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. CASS presented a memorial of inhabitants
of Michigan, praying that the transportation of the
mail on {Sunday may be prohibited bylaw; which
was referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
Mr. MALLORY submitted additional docu-
ments in relation to the claim of Kennedy and
Darling; which were referred to the Committee on
Claims. f
Mr. PRATT presented resolutions of the Legis-
lature of Maryland, in favor of an appropriation
for placing buoys in Pocomoke Sound, Tangier
Sound, and the channels between Fox's and
Watts's Islands, and between Pocomoke and
Tangier Sound's; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. GWIN submitted a document in relation
to the establishment ofahneofsteam-shipsbetween
San Francisco and China; which was referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, presented a petition of
citizens of Iowa, praying the establishment of a
mail route from Dubuque to Fort Atkinson, in
that State; which was referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. NORRIS, from the Committee on Patents
and the Patent Office, to which was referred the
petition of Thomas G. Clinton, and the memorial
of P. H. Watson and E. S. Renwick, submitted
a report thereon, and asked to be discharged from
the further consideration thereof. The report was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to which was referred the bill for the relief
of the legal representatives of Amos Proctor, re-
ported it back, and asked that it be laid on the
table; which was agreed to.
Healso submitted a report on the subject, which
wasordeied to be printed.
He also, from the Committee on Printing, to
whir.h was refeired a motion to print the meino-
lial of Robert F. Pinkney, a lieutenant in the
Navy, reported in favor of printing the same;
which was agreed to.
Mr. JBRODfTEAD, from the Committee on
Claims, to which was referred the following doc-
uments and petitions, submitted adverse reports
thereon, which were ordered to be printed:
Documents relating to the claim of Captain
George E. McClelland's company of Florida Vol-
unteers;
The memorial of John A. Rogers; and
The petition of John W. W. Jackson.
Mr. BORLAND, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to which was referred the memorial of
the Legislature of Mississippi, praying a reduc-
tion in the price of the public lands in certain land
districts—the Augusta, Washington, and Colum-
bus—asked to be discharged from the further con-
sideration thereof; which was agreed to.
Mr. ADAMS, from the Committee on Claims,
to which was referred the petition of Samuel
Noah, asked to be dischatged from the further
consideration thereof; which was agreed to.
Mr. SHIELDS, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affair5:, to which was referred the petition of
Charles 1J. I>rower, late a lieutenant in the Army,
dismissed by a court-martial, praying to be rein-
stated in his former rank, asked to be discharged
from the further consideration thereof; which was
agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the petition of Charles Lee Jones,
praying compensation for expenses incurred in
raising and subsisting volunteers for the war with
Mexico, asked to be discharged from the further
consideration thereof; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the memorial of the permanent clerks
in the office of the Adjutant General, praying com-
pensation for additional services rendered during
the war with Mexico, submitted an adverse report
thereon; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred a communication from the Secretary
of War, transmitting Lieutenant Williams's re-
port and survey of the Umpqua and Roque rivers,
asked that it be laid on the table; which was
agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the petition of William Gorham, W.
L. Gothrop, and others, non-commissioned offi-
cers, asking for additional pay for bravery during
the Mexican war, asked to be discharged from the
further consideration thereof; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred a resolution of the Legislature of
Louisiana, praying that the corporation of the
town of Baton Rouge may inclose and use as a
cemetery a portion of the grounds attached to the
barracks in said town, asked to be discharged
from the further consideration thereof; which was
agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred certain resolutions of the Legislature
of New Mexico, instructing their Delegate in
Congress to procure the passage of a law author-
izing two regiments to be raised for the defense of
said Territory, and the establishment of arsenals
therein, asked to be discharged from the further
consideration thereof; which^vas agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the bill to provide for the better pro-
tection of the people of California and Oregon,
asked to be discharged from the further consider-
ation thereof; which was agreed to.
MILEAGE OF DELEGATE FROM OREGON.
Mr. DOUGLAS, from the Committee on Ter-
ritories, to which was referred the bill to regulate
the mileage of the Delegate from the Territory of
Oregon, reported it back without amendment; and
asked that it might be now considered.
The bill was considered as in Committee of the
Whole; and, no amendment being offered, it was
reported to the Senate, and the question was put,
" Shall it now be read a third time?"
Mr. SEWARD. I desire to have some expla-
nation of the objects, and the necessity of that
bill, before I can give my consent to it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The explanation which I
have to give is very simple. The object of this
bill is to put the Delegate from Oregon on the
some footing with the members from the Pacific
coast. They travel the same route, and should be
governed, in the payment of their mileage, by the
same principle. This bill is designed to amend an
act, passed in 1849, which placed a limit on the
mileage of the Delegate from Oregon, to which
others are not subjected.
Mr. CASS. Its object is to administer equal
justice.
The bill was read a third time and passed.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. UNDERWOOD, gave notice of his inten-
tion to ask leave to introduce a bill to repeal all
laws allowing compensation to members of Con-
gress, and substituting an entirely new system of
compensation in lieu thereof.
Mr. SEBASTIAN gave notice of his intention
to ask leave to introduce a bill for the holding an
additional term of the circuit qourt at Little Rock,
Arkansas, and further defining the jurisdiction
thereof, and of the district court.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. MALLORY, agreeably to previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill to
establish a steam mail line between California or
Oregon and Shanghai, with a branch to the Sand-
wich Islands; which was read a first and second
time by its title, and referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
MEXICAN CONTRIBUTION MONEY.
Mr. SHIELDS submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be instructed to re-
poi t to the Senate what funher provision, if any, beyond
what is contained in the act of Maich 3, 1849, for the set-
tlement of account? connected with the Mexican contribu-
tion money, is necessary to authorize proper and just com-
pensation to be made to persons not included in the above
act for services connected with the collection, safe-keeping,
and accounting for the said money, or other useful services
rendered in relation thereto.
I HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The following bill from the House of Represent-
atives was read a first and second time by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Military-
Affairs:
An act for the relief of Osborn Cross, of the
United States Army.
BILLS PASSED.
The engrossed bill granting to the State of Wis-
consin the right of way and a donation of public
land for the purpose of locating and constructing
