1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
are very similar in their nature tQ those in rela-
tion to the claims for French spoliations, and are
not properly referable to any of the standing com-
mittees of the Senate. Hence I think thiit, like
the memorials in reference to French spoliation
claims, they should go to a select committee. Be-
sides, the petitioners request that a select commit-
tee be appointed with power to send for persons
and papers.
I would state that there are some things in the
proceedings of this board which seem to me as-
tonishing. I find that several memorialists repre-
sent that their claims on being presented were
stated to be admitted, subject to the future order
of the board, and afterwards some of them had
been reduced to one half of the sum which they
had claimed, and that some were rejected alto-
gether. The first idea was, that they had per-
haps reser ved them in order to make a pro rata
distribution, but on examination I find that that
discretion was not left to the board, but to the Sec-
retary of the Treasury after the returns were made.
There is another very serious matter set forth
by the memorialists, and that is, that when the
decisions were made they were never informed of
their nature. They say that in some particular
cases this information was given, but that although
application was repeatedly made to know the
grounds on which their claims were rejected, ita
order that if there were any*errors a reconsidera-
tion might be obtained, and although they were
promised from time to time that such opportuni-
ties would be afforded, yet that until the commis-
sion was closed they were not allowed to examine
and see the grounds on which their claims were
rejected. Not only was that the case, but it was
attended with this very singular circumstance—
thes^>apers were all returned to the office of the
Secretary of State and there sealed up. There is
no reason that I know of, why they should be
kept secret; certainly after the Eoard examined
the claims, the claimants ought to have an oppor-
tunity of looking into the grounds of the decision,
and see what was. done in relation to their claims.
, Yet I am informed, on good authority, though not
officially, that these papers, since they have been
returned, have been put under seal; so that the par-
ties cannot get any information which may be
necessary for the further investigation of their
claims. •
These things may all be very right, but they
seem to me very strange; and I think that when
so many persons are calling for relief, an investi-
gation ought to take place. I therefore move that
these memorials which I have presented be referred
to a select committee of five, with power to send
for persons and papers. I wish also to include
those memorials which have heretofore b4en pre-
sented in relation to this subject, but which have
been laid upon the table.
The PRESIDENT. That cannot be done with-
out moving to take them from the table.
Mr. DOWN'S. Then I confine my motion to
the memorials which 1 have now presented.
Mr. MASGUM. Mr. President, I hope that
the motion of the honorable Senator from Louisi-
ana will not be acceded to by the Senate. I sup-
pose that the standing committees of this body are
capable of passing upon all questions which may
arise. This is a question which is appropriate to
the Committee on Foreign Relations. I would
not say anything upon this subject, but for the
fact that the chairman of the Committee on Foreign
Relations [Mr. Mason] is absent.
In all the numerous commissions which have
originated in this country during the time T have,
served in the Congress of the United States, I have
never known a case where persons disappointed in
their expectations with regard to claims, have not
complained of the injustice and unfairness with
which they were treated. But when we have de-
puted and delegated to these commissioners the
adjustment of claims, nothing but a most flagrant
case should tempt or induce Congress to interpose.
I move that the memorial be referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreigil Relations.
The PRESIDENT. As the Committee on
Foreign Relations is a standing committee, the first
question will be on the reference to that committee.
Mr. DOWNS. I should perhaps have no very
serious objection to the reference of the memorials
to that committee, but for the fact that a prominent
member of that committee has expressed a very
decided opinion in reference to this matter, and-
329
seemed to have very much the same idea about the
ciairas that the Commissioners had, that is, that all
the injustice was done to Mexico, and none to the
claimants, and that it was a duty to oppose them,
and cut their claims down as much as possible. I
think, *if gentlemen will look into these claims,
they will find them to be of a very different char-
acter. Many of these claims, and one which I
presented some time ago, were admitted by a for-
mer Board of Commissioners of at least as high
authority and dignity as the last Board, but were
referred on some points to the umpire, and were
not decided by him.
These claims, I take it, are clearly recognized
as being entitled to be liquidated by a subsequent
treaty. In the case to which I have alluded as
having been piesented by me some time since, an
order was made by the Board that the claim should
be allowed, subject to the future oider of the
Board, yet when the future order of the Board
came, they rejected the claim altogether.
I think that a matter of this importance requires
some investigation. It may be all right; and if it
is, it will not suffer by investigation. The gen-
tleman seems to think that these complaints should
not be listened to, and that there will always be
complaints of this character. Perhaps the Senator
is not aware that it was never expected by our
negotiator in Mexico, or by the Government here,
or by the people generally, that the amount of three
millions and a quarter of dollars stipulated m the
treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo should be the only
compensation which the United States would make.
That was urged as an objection by the Mexican
negotiators when the treaty was mad e; but Mr. Tnst
replied to them, that although that amount was
fixed, still that was not necessarily to be the limit
to which the United States would go—that there
was no reason why they should not pay a greater
amount if claims to a greater amount were justly
due. And when we take into consideration the
fact that these claims were presented against Mex-
ico, and that when we were enforcing them against
that Government we did not fix them at three mil-
lions and a quarter, but at some eight millions of
dollars, it is very strange indeed that we should
now confine the claims to that limit of three millions
and a quarter. But I understand, further, that the
Board, so far from going beyond the three mil-
lions and a quarter, which was evidently contem-
plated by the tieaty, have fallen short of it, and
that forty thousand dollars of that amount has not
been absorbed, and that Mexico has perhaps al-
ready laid claim to that surplus as belonging to
her, because this Government stipulated to pay
that amount, and she claims that she is entitled to
any surplus which may remain if the amount is
not paid. She is certainly entitled to it, if the
Board have acted fairly and justly, but she is not
entitled to it if these claimants have not been fairly
treated.
All I ask and all I wish is, that a thorough in-
vestigation of this matter shall take place; and I
am more anxiouS that these memorials should now
be referred to a select committee, because the gen- I
tleman from North Carolina seems to intimate
very clearly that they will receive very little quarter i
from the Committee on Foreign Relations, because
he thinks that all such claims are apt to be wrong, j
Mr. MANGUM. I was not present when this j
motion was made on a former day; but I under- I
stand that the chairman of the committee on Foreign [
Relations then gave some indications of an opinion I
upon this subject. I know not what his opinions |
were; but there is not a Senator in this body who J
is acquainted with the ability and remarkable lib- I
erality of the chairman of ^£ie Committee on For-
eign Relations who would not be willing to trust
anything to his judgment, no matter what might
have been his first impression.
The honorable Senator from Louisiana says that
this subject requires some investigation. I need
not say anything as to the capability of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations to investigate the .sub-
ject. At its head stands one of the most eminent
and able lawyers of this body, [Mr. Mason.]
The second membef on that committee [Mr.
Douglas] is a prominent candidate for President
of the United States. There are others of us on
that committee, very humble, to be sure: but yet
I think that that committee may be trusted as
capable of investigating almost any question rela-
ting to their appropriate sphere of duty.
Sir, this practice of raising select committees in
this body is of very recent origin. - It is only on
rare occasions, when the Union is shaking, to
itsv foundation, that the Senate have decided to
depart from its usual and settled practice,, and
appoint select committees! The Union will .suffer
no detriment if these claims should never be al-
lowed. I hope the country will do justice to all
claimants. But the Senator entirely misconceive®
what I said, if he understood me as having ex-
pressed an opinion that these claims which have
been rejected ought not to have a fair hearing. So
far from it, when the interposition of this body shall
become necessary for the purpose of setting'the
matter right, I trust I shall be found ready to go
as far as anybody.
The aggregate amount of ability of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations is well understood by
this body. The two first members of it ought at
least to give it currency in this body, and place it
on an equal footing with any select committee
which can be raised. I trust that on a mere ques-
tion of private claim we shall not depart from the
usual «nd dignified course of the Senate by ap-
pointing a select committee to pay money to per-
sons who it has been decided are not entitled to it.
Mr. DOWNS.* I hope that the Senator from
North Carolina will not understand me as object-
ing to the reference of these memorials4o the Com-
mittee on Foreign^Relations. I have no objectiori
to that committee. I disclaim any such idea. I
have as much respect and as much confidence in
the members of that committee as any Senator.
But I stated before that I wished this subject to
be referred to a select committee, because I thought •
the labors of the Committee on Foreign Relations
in reference to other questions were so great that
they could not devote the time and attention to
the consideration of this subject which it seems to
me to require.
I think the honorable Senator is entirely mis-
taken in one point. lie says that it has not been
the custom of the Senate to refer questions to select
committees, except in the case of great questions,
where the Union has "been in danger. I need only
remind the Senate of a case which happened at
the last session of Congress, and at this session in
reference to a question which 'did not affect the
Union at all. I refer to the claims for French
spoliations. These are exactly such claims as
those. They are claims against a foreign Govern-
ment, which have been relinquished against that
Government and preferred against our own; and,
therefore, they cease to be connected with our for-
eign relations, because we have taken their pay-
ment upon ourselves.
Mr. MANGUM. The French spoliation claims
involve the payment of from §5,000,000 to
: $30,000,000.
1 Mr. DOWNS. How does the Senator know
! that this may not involve < the payment of
§5,000,000?
Mr. MANGUM. If it should involve that
amount it would be very astonishing. #
Mr. DOWNS. It might not be so astonishing
as the Senator seems to suppose, because the
treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo has made provision
for $3,250,000, whereas our Government asserted,
when prosecuting these claims against Mexico,
that there should be paid $8,000,000. It may turn
out that this difference of $5,000,000 is due to
these claimants. I do not know how the faict may
be. Hence, it cannot be so astonishing as the
Senator seems to suppose. However, that is not
material. This is a case very analogous to that
of the claims for French spoliations; and, there-
fore, I would have moved to refer these memorials
to a select committee.
The Senator from North Carolina is mistaken
in saying that the chairman of the Committee on
Foreign Relations said anything on this subject
when it was before us a few days ago. I recol-
lect that he was not here at that time, and that his
colleague [Mr. Hunter] suggested that the memo-
rials upon this subject ought to go to the Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations. I suppose it was that
to which the Senator had reference.
Again: it would be no want of confidence in the
Committee on Foreign Relations to refer those
memorials to a select committee. I made the mo-
tion because I thought that a more thorough and
sifting investigation could t)e had by a committee
specially charged with this business. I cannot
see with what propriety the Senate should send
those old claims for French spoliations committed
