1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1241
a railroad from Fond du Lac to Janesville, was
read a third time; and, on the title being amended
by striking out all after theword " constructing-,"
and inserting " certain railroads in that State," it
was passed.
The following engrossed bills were also read a
third time and passed:
An act for the relief of Ursula E. Cobb; and
An act for the relief of Jim Capers.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives
was received by Mr. Forney, their Clerk, an-
nouncing that it had passed an act for the reliefof
Anna Norton and Louis Foskit, and a joint reso-
lution authorizing the purchase of the ninth volume
of the laws of the United States.
ROADS AND CANALS IN MICHIGAN.
On the motion of Mr. FELCH, the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to the con-
sideration of the bill granting to the State of Mich-
igan the right of way and a donation of public
land for the purpose of constructing a canal or
railroad across the peninsula of Michigan.
This bill, it was stated, was in the established
form, in which several bills for other States have
recently been matured, with the exception of sev-
eral amendments, to make the substitute proposed
by the committee to conform to the model bill,
which the Senate has sanctioned. The amend-
ments were similar to those adopted a few days
since, on the motion of Mr. Walker, in a like bill
for the State of Wisconsin.
The amendments to the amendment were agreed
to; and the amendment of the committee as
amended was then adopted. The bill was reported
to the Senate, the amendments were concurred in,
and the bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time.
On the motion of Mr. FELCH, the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, next pioceeded to the
consideration of the bill granting the right of way
and making a grant of land to the State of Mich-
igan, in trust for the Zilwaukie, Grand Traverse, I
and Mackinaw Plank Road Company, in aid of '
the construction of a plank road from Zilwaukie,
on Saginaw river, to Grand Traverse Bay, thence
to the Straits of Mackinaw.
The bill was amended on the motion of Mr.
Felch, to make it conform to the bill which pre-
ceded it.
Mr,. DAWSON. 1 desire to ask the Senator
from Michigan if he has not changed the original
conditions on which such bills have been hereto-
fore passed. The usual course has been to give
certain limited quantities of land, but the Senator j
has so amended the bill that it gives so much as
will be convenient for the purposes of this com-
pany. They are to have what is convenient, ac-
cording to the usual wants of railroad and canal
companies; but who* is to be the judge of what is
convenient?
Mr. FELCH. The location and survey of the j
road are to be made under the direction of the
State authorities. They are to report to the Sec-
retary of the Interior, and the report is to be ap- i
proved by him. The amendment which I offer 1
was proposed and adopted in the other bills of a
similar character; and I now move it, so that this 1
bill may conform to the others which have already
received the sanction of the Senate.
Mr. DAWSON. I beg to state to the Senator
that, if I understand him aright, so many feet, not
to exceed one hundred, on each side of the road, |
were allowed by the original amendment; and now .
that is stricken out, and it is proposed to allow j
whatever may be convenient. That is to be de-
cided by the State authorities, and reported by (
them to the Secretary of the Interior for his ap- [
proval; but as he will have no power to decide on !
the merits of the case, not having surveyed the !
land, he will be compelled to conform to the report !
of the State authorities. I see no necessity, my-
self, for a departure from the course pursued here- t
tofore. |
Mr. FELCH. I preferred the other form my- ,
self, but the Senate decided otherwise. The amend- i
ment now proposed was originally moved to an- !
other bill by the Senator from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Davis,] who was opposed, I believe, to the
main features of the bill, for the purpose of re- ]
striding the grant of land to a less amount than |
that proposed by the bill. I merely conform to j
the expressed wishes of the Senate.
The bill having been reported to the Senate, and
the amendments having been concurred in, was
ordered to be engrossed and read a third time.
THE DEFICIENCY BILL.
The Senate resumed, as in Committee of the
Whole, the consideration of the bill from the
House of Representatives entitled "An act to
supply deficiencies in the appropriations for the
service of the fiscal year ending the 30th of June,
1852," the pending question being upon the amend-
ment of the Committee on Finance to insert the
following:
For additional compensation for increasing tlie transport-
ation of the United States mail between New York and
Liverpool, in the Collins line of steamers, to twenty-six
trips per annum, at sucii times as shall be directed by the
Postmaster General, and in conformity to his last annual
report to Congress, and his letrei of the loth of November
last to the Secretaiy of the Navy, commencing said in-
creased service on tlie first of Jauuaiy, 1852, at the rate of
$33,000 per trip, m heu of the present allowance, the sum
of §336,000.
Mr. HUNTER. I regret very much to be con-
strained to address the Senate again in relation to
this amendment; but the criticisms which have
been made here upon my course, render it neces-
sary for me to say something in self-defense. 1
know, too, what lies behind this amendment; I
know that it is the avant courier, the pioneer, of
a system; and I desire to expose the pernicious
effects and tendencies of that system before we are
committed to it. The responsibility of the debate
which has arisen in relation to this proposition
rests not on me, but on those who have forced the
amendment, as I think very improperly, into this
deficiency bill. I will, however, endeavor to make
my remarks as brief as possible, and to be as con-
cise as may be consistent with the fair presenta-
tion of my views to the Senate.
What is this proposition? Some years ago,
Collins & Co. proposed to carry the mails between
New York and Liverpool in five steam-ships. They
proposed to carry the mails on certain terms, to
which the Government acceded. They were not
able to complete the ships within the time stipu-
lated, and asked an extension of it; we agreed to
that extension. They asked for an advance of
money to enable them to build the ships; and we
made that advance. They asked to be relieved
from one of the conditions, which required that
they should employ naval officers as commanders;
and we relieved them from that condition. And
now, when the Post Office Department had or-
dered them to increase the number of their trips
from twenty to twenty-six, they come here, and
say they cannot perform the service unless we in-
crease the amount of compensation; accordingly,
this amendment appears—an amendment that was
offered in the Committee on Finance by the Sen-
ator from California, under instructions, as I un-
derstand, from the Committee on Naval Affairs.
And what is the nature of that amendment?
Why, it proposes that we shall give this line of
steamers $33,000 per trip, being a large addition
to the existing rate of compensation; and also that
the sum of that compensation shall be $236,500.
Now, what does this mean? Does it mean that
we shall give $33,000 each for the whole twenty-
six trips? If so. the additional sunt is not $236,500
but $473,000. Or does it mean that we shall give
$33,000 per trip for the six additional trips? If so,
the sum is not $236,500, but $198,000. Or does
it mean that we shall give $236,500 in addition to
what they now receive? If so, this provision in re-
lation to the $33,000 per trip is mere surplusage.
But, sir, I venture to predict, that if this appro-
priation should pass, it will be so construed as to
grant the company the whole amount of $33,000
per trip, or something very like $858,000 per an-
num.
Mr. BADGER. I do not think it is necessary
that the Senator should make any prediction as to
what this amendment should be construed to mean.
The amendment means to increase the compensa-
tion for each and every trip from $19,250 to $33,000.
And if the Senator from Virginia will allow me to
explain the reason why this sum is appropriated,
I would say that it is necessary to pay, during
the half fiscal year which expires on the 30th of
June, and commenced on the first of January, the
additional compensation upon the trips for which
provision was made in a former contract, and the
whole compensation for the additional trips agreed
upon by the Postmaster General and the Collins
Company. So that there is no misunderstanding.
!t is to increase the whole compensation from
$19,250 to $33,000 per trip.
Mr. HUNTER. Then if it is, as I supposed it
was, to increase thewhole compensation to $33,000
per trip, let us see to what other consequences it
will lead us. These twenty-six trips are part of a
schedule. The design is, that the Collins line and
the Bremen and Havre lines shall alternate with the
Cunard line, making m all fifty-two trips, or per-
haps only fifty, the other lines running only twen-
ty-four trips. So that the whole service is to be
performed by these three lines. If we increase the
compensation of the Collins line from $19,250 to
$33,000 per trip, shall we not be compelled to in-
crease the compensation of the Havre and Bremen
lines atthesame rate ? But I understand it is doubt-
ful whether the contract for the Bremen lines will
not expire in two or three months, that is, on the
first of July. I believe the Postmaster General has
taken the opinion of the Attorney General on the
subject. What that opinion is I have not heard.
Suppose it shall be determined that the contract
does expire on thefirstof July, will they not order
up these ships of the Collins line to take the other
twelve or thirteen trips, at the rate of $33,000 per
trip? So that we cannot tell to what an expense
this amendment will finally lead. This, however,
we may anticipate with tolerable certainty, that
we shall be compelled to raise the compensation
upon the Bremen and Havre lines m the same pro-
portion that we raise it upon the Collins line. If
so, the whole expense will be something like
$1,500,000 per annum, including that for the twen-
ty-four trips to be. made by the Havre and Bremen
lines, from Southampton to Havre, and from
Southampton to Bremen. So that when we make
up our minds to increase the compensation for the
Collins line, we must also expect to increase it
upon the others; for, with what justice can we
grant it to one and refuse it to the other?
But on what pretense is it that we are asked to
give this additional compensation to the Collins
line? For you will observe that we have done all
that we contracted to do; we have given all that
we agreed to give. He comes, however, and saya
that unless you give him more than double what
you contracted to give, it will be impossible to per-
form the service. What is the pretense? Atone
time, it was said thatthe British Government gave
more to their line, and on that account we should
increase the compensation for the Collins line. So
far from that being the case, I showed the other
day that the British Government did not give quite
$l5,000 per trip to the Cunarders; and I find that
the compensation which is given to their most ex-
pensive line, which is the one to the West Indies,
is only three dollars per mile. I find they have
made a contract with a line for carrying the mail
to Brazil, by propellers, for two shillings and nine
pence per mile—less than seventy cents. I find,
also, that the whole expense of the British Gov-
ernment for carrying the mail in steam-packets in
1849—and she had then enough of them to encircle
the world once each week in the year—is only
about s£700,000 sterling.
Mr. RUSK. When was that?
Mr. HUNTER. The last report I saw was
made in 1848.
Mr. RUSK. The expense is >£809,000.
Mr. HUNTER. There may have been amore
recent statement than that to which I have had
access. The last that I saw was a statement from
Lord Auckland, who, I believe, was connected
with the Board of Admiralty in 1848. Suppose,
however, that the expense is df'800,000 for the
whole, it is only $3,840,000. Yet here is an
amendment, which is to involve an expense, at
least, of $1,500,000, for maintaining one line be-
tween New York and Liverpool; with the ad-
dition, to be sure, as I said before, of these trips to
Havreand Bremen. They cannot, therefore, claim
the additional compensation upon the ground that
the British Government give more for any line
which they have m their employment; for, so far
as I can ascertain, they pay only three dollars per
mile upon their most expensive lines, and the Cu-
narders receive less.
Mr. RUSK. I am sure that the Senator does
not wish to be in error in regard to the allowance
made by the British Government to the Cunard
company. The first allowance, before the Collins
line went into operation, was .£80,000 sterling.
It was then increased to >£145,000,'immediately
on the Collins line commencing their trips. That
