1242
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 5,
made the sum of §696,000; though I believe there
"was a difference of opinion between myself and
the Senator from New Jersey as to the amount
when rendered into American currency, 1 cal-
culated the pound sterling at $4 80, and he rated
it at |5; that made (he discrepancy between
|696,000 as calculated by me, and the |725,000
as calculated by the honorable Senator from New
Jersey.
J have understood, as I before stated, that an
additional allowance to the Cunard line has been
made, making their pay now =£175,000 per annum.
I believe it is correct. The authority from which
I obtain this information is highly respectable;
and besides, the British Government have shown
that they conceived it to be a matter of import-
ance' by increasing the amount of compensation
as soon as the Collins line began to run. So that
the Cunard company receive, if my information is
correct, $875,000 a year.
Mr. HUNTER. Who was the authority for
that statement?.
Mr. RUSK. I received it from a respectable
citizen of Washington, as coming from Mr. Liv-
ingston, of New York. I have no doubt of its
correctness.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator must excuse me
if, upon this occasion,^! do not accept hearsay
testimony. If the fact be so, there areoffieial doc-
uments to show it; and, until- they are produced,
I shall continue to rely upon the information given
us by our own Post Office Department, and here-
tofore used by the Senator himself. I think I shall
be able to show, before I have done, that we have
already gone too far m acting upon testimony de-
rived from unofficial sources.
But assuming; that he is correct, that the British
Government does pay <£175,000 to the Cunarders,
it would be $840,000, a much less compensation
per trip than is proposed by this amendment to
be paid to the Collins line. It would be still a less
sum for fifty-two trips than it is proposed to pay
Collins for twenty-six. I say, therefore, t hat there
is nothing in the compensation granted by the
British Government which would justify the ex-
travagant allowance contemplated by the amend-
ment!" But it is said that, if we make this grant
we shall lie repaid by the postages receivable by
the Collins line hereafter. To test this statement,
let us see what we have already received during
nearly two years, of which we have an account.
I have here an account, made out at the Post Office
Department, and according to thatstatement, which
is signed by the Auditor, the entire receipts by the
Collins line, from the 27th of April, 1850, to the
31st of March, 1852, amount to $373,337.
As I explained before, the Collins line can be
fairly credited with only two thirds of that sum,
because, of the twenty-four cents paid upon each
letter, the British Government receives three for
inland postage, and the United States receives five
cents for inland postage. Sixteen cents, then, is
the postage on each sea letter; and I submit that all
that the Collins line is entitled to by way of credit
for postages, is sixteen cents each, for the sea let-
ters. Five cents is to reimburse the Government
for inland transportation, and it can in no manner
be reckoned in favor of the Collins line. There is
an item of $90,000 for closed mails, and $16,000
for newspapers. These come by the Cunard, the
Havre, Collins, and Bremen lines, to say nothing
of the British closed mail which we carry to the
West Indies, and to credit the Collins line with
one half the sum would be quite too large an esti-
mate. The same may be said of the item of
$16,858 for newspaper postage. But the amount
to be credited in these cases must be conjectural,
for there are no means of separating, at the De-
partment, what is brought by the Collins line fioin
that which is brought by others. The one half
of these two items, when added to two thirds of
$373,337, the letter postage amounts to about
$320,000. But wepay them $385,000 per year; so
that we do not receive in the shape of postages one
dollar for every two which we have paid. And
yet we are asked to pay more than double the
amount of the present compensation, under the
delusive hope that we shall be repaid by what we
shall receive from postages.
I know that the honorable Senator from Texas
[Mr. Rusk] referred to our share of the receipts
from the Cunard line, and introduced that as a
sum to be credited to the Collins line. How is
that to be done? Why do we receive anything
by the Cunard line? We receive five cents for
inland postage upon the letters which they bring.
That is no credit to the Collins line. We should
receive that if there were no Collins line, and no
postal treaty. So. that in no manner or sense can
the receipts from the Cunard line be placed to the
credit of the Collins line. So far as actual receipts
go, it appears, then, from accounts rendered at
the Department, that while we pay at the rate of
$385,000 a'year, we have not received one dollar
for every two which we have paid out. But we
are told that we have a right to hope that we shall
receive this back, because of the immense receipts
of the British Government from the Cunard line,
before the Collins line began to run. When I
sought for the authority tor that statement, it
turned out to be a statement made in a speech of
Mr. Thomas Butler King, upon the authority of
he postmaster at Boston, who supposed that a
certain number of letters went out from New York
and from Boston, and supposed—what he could
know nothing about—that a certain number went
out from Canada to England; and whosiyiposed, fur-
ther, without pretending to know or state the actual
price, that the Cunarders charged the same price
for the transportation of letters which was charged
by the packets. And upon all these suppositions
he made an estimate, which I think I can show,
from circumstantial evidence, was manifestly
wrong. It was manifestly impossible that there
should have been any such receipts.
Why, sir, according to that estimate, the British
Government received from postages by the Cu-
nard line, during six years, a sum amounting to
§7,836,000, or something like $1,300;000 per an-
num. Now, it appears from the statement of our
Auditors that the amount of receipts for postages
for nearly two years, from the 27th of April, 1850,
to March 31st, 1852, is only &1,071,000; and of
this, only two thirds can be credited to the Cunard
line. Add two thirds of this amount to the
$320,000 which was shown to be about the amount
received by the Collins line for the same time, and
you will find the entire receipts of the two to be
: but little more than half a million of dollars per
annum.
If that is the case, how is it possible that before
the Collins line started, the Cunarders should have
brought in $] ,300,000 per annum? It is impossi-
ble. Besides, 1 find in a report of a special com-
mittee of the British House of Commons, in 1848,
one of the members raised the question, and asked
of Mr. Ward, who was connected with the Brit-
ish Admiralty, " whether it is not expected that a
' great part of the increased amount of the North
' American line will be repaid to the public by the
' increased receipts on account of postage?" An-
swer. " 1 know nothing of the receipts. 1 only
' know that the payment is a very large one, and it
' appears as ail annually increasing charge in our es-
timates." And Lord Auckland, in reply to the
same question, stated that he did not know, he had
been told that they probably did pay, but was not
aware of its being actually the fact. Evidently,
i they had not the advantage of the estimates of the
postmaster at Boston,or they would have been bet-
ter informed. I find, also, that Mr. Anderson, a
member of Parliament, stated, in 1819, that " the
' annual loss on the three great hues—the North
' American, the West Indian, and the Peninsular
'and East Indian—was <£209,000a year." How,
then, is it possible to believe that the Cunard
steamers were making these large profits for the
Government in the shape of postage? The fact
would have been known everywhere. But the
statement is incredible. I go further, however;
' these parties prove themselves out of court, if it
, be true that the Cunard vessels, in six years, pro-
. duced to the Government five millions more than
j! they cost. There was no necessity, in that case,
for the aid of Government to sustain them. It
11 was a self-sustaining business, and the two Gov-
j| ernments ought not to interfere, but ought merely
ji to make such mutual arrangements as would en-
I! able them to run and receive what thev make in
11 the shape of postage. If, in six years, they could
i| make <,5,000,000 beyond their expenditure, in
M postage alone, with what face can they ask for
'! other relief than an increased share of the postage
, made by themselves? If they had yielded postages
enough to repay the Government advances, they
;i would scarcely have required an increase of those
i! advances, as their other business would have been
'l somewhat proportionate to the income from this
source. It is possible that the Cunard line which
ran cheaper than the Collins, may have repaid the
Government its advances, but it is utterly improb-
able that they could have done much more than
that, which, it must be observed, was less than
one half of what is paid them now. I say there is
nothing in these statistics to justify the expecta-
tion that the Collins line will repay the allowance
back in the shape of postage. But I propose to
examine their own statement—for mark, sir, we
are called on to act here on ex parte testimony. I
know nothing of the book-keeper who has been
mentioned, or of the elements of those calculations,
which have been sent here; hut in order to test
them, I went to the Bureau of Construction, and
endeavored to procure a conjectural estimate of
the cost of twenty trips of such steamers as Col-
lins's. I was referred to ayoung gentleman, Mr.
Ishervvood, a chief engineer, as good authority
upon these subjects. He made the estimate, and
said that, without particularizing, or pretending to
know what was actually expended, yet, after cal-
culating for all the sources of expense known to him,
and allowing one hundred and twenty-five passen-
gers per trip, the result was, that $300,000 a year
would be an "outside estimate" for the whole cost
of making twenty trips with those boats. In that
estimate, he included large wages, and a large outfit
for the accommodation of passengers, and he said
it was impossible to make a conjectural estimate
reach a larger amount, on any data that the De-
partment had in its possession.
I find it stated before the same committee ofthe
British House of Commons of which I have be-
fore spoken, by Mr. Williams, the manager of
"the City of Dublin Steam-Packet Company,"
that a steamer, to do afair business, ought to make
" twenty-four or twenty-five per cent, per annum"
for the money invested m her. I presume he
meant over and above the actual expense of run-
ning her.
He states it thus: "We calculate eight percent.
' at least for maintenance, that is, the ordinary price
'for keeping the vessel always up in the most per-
' feet order; keep her in running for business.
' Some companies consider it should be ten per
' cent.; we have found eight is sufficient. I should
' say the insurance alone would be five per cent.,
' and there is the depreciation, which would require
' at least four, six, or seven per cent., say four
' per cent, at the lowest, the fund for replacing the
' vessel, and six per cent, profit." " You consider
' the ordinary life of a working steam-vessel is
' about twenty years, do you not?" "Yes, we have
' vessels twenty years old in very fine order now."
Now, sir, if Mr. Collins received what he
said he did, that is, independent of what the Gov-
ernment gave him, the sum of $28,000 per trip,
he received for twenty trips, §560,000. Adding
the Government bounty of §385,000 per annum,
and he would then be in the receipt of about
$945,000.' When you come to deduct the ex-
pense of $300,000 a year, for which all these ships
ought to be run, as I am informed, and allow
twenty-five per cent., or one fourth of what ought
to have been the cost of the vessel—yes, sir, even
more—allow him $700,000 apiece, allow that the
four cost#2,800,000, you will find that the twenty-
five per cent, upon $2,800,000, the estimate for re-
pairs, insurance, profits, &c., and the $300,009
for making twenty trips, amount to a very little
more than he now receives according to his own
showing.
Mr. RUSK. I dislike to interrupt the Senator,
but I have a distinct statement here upon the sub-
ject, which I have not derived from the informa-
tion of a clerk. If the Senator will permit me, I
will read it.
Mr. HUNTER. I suspect that I have seen it.
I suppose it is published m the statement of Mr.
Collins.
Mr. RUSK. No, sir; it is a written statement
which is sworn to.
Mr. HUNTER. I think it is the same that I
am commenting upon.
Mr. RUSK. I imagine not.
Mr. HUNTER. Very well, let it be rend.
Mr. RUSK. It is as follows:
New York axd Liverpool U. S. iU. S S. Co . >
No. 56 Wall Street, New York, December 15, 1851. J
Statement showing the actual expenses anil receipts of
the tir-t twemv eight vovaees of the New Yoik and Liver-
pool United States Mail steam-ships, Atlantic, Pacific,
Arctic, and Baltic:
