2106
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 6,
parties who received them for their face, and paid
money for them, and very hrge amounts are sus- j
pended, to the ruin of the holders of the drafts,
who anticipate that this Government will pay
them. I hope the matter will be investigated. I
trust the amendment will be adopted.
Mr. CASS. Mr. President, I see nothing
wrong in the proper Department submitting this
question to Congress. I think that is all right.
But this is the most flagrant case which has taken
place in my day, connected with our Indian affairs.
Here was one Indian commission directed to make'
a treaty or treaties with the Indians in California,
and an appropriation, I understand, of $50,000
was put at their disposal to defray their expenses.
1 have not a doubt that in the instructions of the
Department they were expressly directed not to
exceed that amount. I have no doubt of that.
They had probably a standing instruction on that
subject. The commissioners have gone on and
made contracts to the amount of almost $1,000,000.
They have not only undertaken to make expend-
itures connected with the collection of the Indians,
but they have anticipated the ratification of their
own treaty, and carried it into effect.
Now, sir, I hold that upon no correct principle
is this Government under the slightest moral ob-
ligation to pay a dollar of it. I do not say I would
not, under some circumstances, pay some of it; but
I say, tiiat there is not the slightest obligation to
pay a dollar. I do not agree with gentlemen who
say that because these hills are m the hands of
innocent purchasers, there arises an obligation to
pay them. I hold that no Government is bound
by the act of any of its officers, when those officers
have no authority to act. If I contract with an
officer of the Government for $100,000,1 am bound
to look at his papers and see that he has authority
to make the contract. And no Government in
the world is bound otherwise. Assume the con-
trary doctune, and what Government could stand
for a year ? You appoint an agent for any purpose
whatever; you send him to a distance, and he may
bind you in a debt to the amount of millions, ac-
cording to this doctrine.
Is that the right doctrine? No, sir; the correct
doctrine is, certainly, that no Government is bound
by the acts of its officer, with relation to its fiscal
concerns, unless that officer is authorized to act.
I repeat, it is the duty of the men making contracts
with these officers, to know that they have the
propei authority; and these men have no right to
come here and insist on any legal or moral obliga-
tion on our part to pay these debts, unless they
can show that the officers were authorized to make
the contracts. Especially when gentlemen of in-
telligence come forward and claim that they made
contracts to the amount of $180,000 or $2130,000.
There is no excuse fur such conduct.
b'or one, Mr. President, 1 will give no vote in
this matter that will, m the slightest degree, com-
promise the subsequent action of Congress. I
wiil n*ot vote a dollar to appoint a commissioner
or an agent. I will not vote a dollar to take any
stop in ihe matter until the case is fairly made out
by some of the parties, and brought before us. I
will not, I repeat, do any act that may seem to
give any sanction, in the remotest degree, to such
flagrant and outrageous conduct.
Mr. BRIGHT, t did not vote for this amend-
ment in the Committee on Finance: nor shall I
vote for it here. The reasons that governed my
mind, were, to some extent, those which have been
suggested by the Senator from Michigan. I am
unwilling to delegate to any agent who may be
appointed by a Department, the power to prejudge
this case for us. This involves the expenditure
of an immense amount of money. If the agent
or agents appointed for the purpose of investiga-
ting these claims should be operated upon by the
influences which seem to have operated upon our
agents there in making the contracts, they may
leport to us in favor of the claims, and virtually
commit the Government to the payment of an
immense amount of money. 1 am anxious to see
these claimants come hereasother claimants come.
Let them present their claims to Congress. Let
them undergo the changes and mutations that
attend Congressional legislation; and if their
claims have merit they will be passed. But I
am unwilling to see the Government precommit-
ted to the payment of the claims by the finding of
any agent or agents who may be selected by the
same Administration which selected the very-
agents who have imposed upon us to the extent
that the facts in this case warrant us in saying
they have done. These considerations, in part,
governed my vote against the amendment in the
committee, and shall also induce me to vote against
it now.
Mr. BELL. I desire to make an inquiry of
the honorable Senator from Indiana, us he prob-
ably can answer it. I have heard it suggested
that the law, under the authority of which the Su-
perintendent of Indian affairs for California was
appointed, clothes him with the power to examine
these claims; and that there is some necessity for
making a provision of this kind upon this occa-
sion, in order to get an examiningagent free from
all suspicion of prepossession or prejudice in the
case. If that is so, it might be a reason why we
should make the appropriation. There must be
an investigation, us I understand the law that ex-
ists now.
Mr. WELLER. If the Senator will yield me
the floor, I will state that I understand the Execu-
tive branch of the Government have decided that
it has no discretion under that law; but that it is
the imperative duty of the Superintendent of In-
dian Affairs to make the whole of this investiga-
tion; and that, unless the legislative department of
the Government shall relieve him, he will be com-
pelled to make that investigation. I understand
that the Executive has decided that under the
law he has no discretion.
Mr. BELL. Who has no discretion ? Must
the Superintendent make the investigation?
Mr. WELLER. Yes, sir.
Mr. BELL. That was what I was suggesting
and desiring to have unde?*stood by the Senate.
On that ground I think we ought to make the ap-
pointment.
I desire now to say a word in regard to the Su-
perintendent; because, when the proposition was
made to establish an Indian Superintendency in
California, with such large .powers, I was very
determined to oppose the passage of any such act,
on the ground that I knew, unless the Superin-
tendent was a man of extraordinary firmness and
integrity of character, he would have it in his
power to involve this Government in millions
annually, from which it would be difficult to extri-
cate ourselves without paying the claims. I have
inquired with regard to the character of the gen-
tleman who has been appointed Superintendent;
and, according to all the information that I could
get, from frequent conversations with him, from
the experience he has had among the Indians in
that country, from his intrepidity and firmness in
all his past character, I thought him a very fit and
proper man to be appointed. If any reliance can
be placed in human testimony, with regard to the
character of an individual—any reliance in the
personal intercourse which we can have with
other persons, he was a suitable man. I find that
his former character, among his brother officers of
the Navy, was very high. Since he lias been ap-
pointed, however, I have heatd of his'friendship
and intimacy with some of the claimants, and his
association m the discharge of duties, heretofore,
! with one of the parties deeply interested in this
matter; and it occurred to me that, however high
he might stand above suspicion in his past char-
acter, any prepossession of that kind—any inti-
mate relation of friendship with one of the par-
ties—would necessarily subject him to public
suspicion. Hence,I have thought that some mode
ought to be adopted to prevent such an examina-
tion from being intrusted to him, in justice to him-
self, and to the public and to the drovernment, if
he had any prepossession upon the subject. Al-
though I had not looked into the provision made
by this amendment, I had supposed that it was
very proper to throw this investigation into some
other hands—into the hands of a man above sus-
picion arising from any past association ur friend-
ship with the individuals concerned.
I have merely thrown out these suggestions to
show that, as the law now stands, unless we make
some other provision, the Superintendent must in-
vestigate these claims and report upon them.
| 1 will remark, in addition, that I agree perfectly
j with the honorable Senator from Michigan, as I
! have expressed it heretofore, that the Government
is under no obligation whatever to pay claims ori-
ginating in the contracts of agents who manifestly
exceeded their powers, and must have exceeded
their instructions. I takethatforgranted. We are
under no obligation whatever in such a case. No
Government could stand it, if any agent, dele-
gated with a limited trust, whom they might send
to other quarters on important business, or im-
portant negotiations, could involve the Govern-
ment ad libitum, disregarding those powers and
instructions. It will not do to say that these are
honest men who set up the claims, because thou-
sands of honest men might very readily be led
into making such contracts; and if there be any-
thing in the character of the men engaged, no
Government could stand if it was bound by such
contracts.
But there is a difference between the duty of the
| Government and the power of the Legislature,
after they have fully investigated all the circum-
stances under which the contracts originated, and
found them to be free from fraud, or have been
entered into under any very high public necessity,
involving the safety of society or the safety of
great public interests—circumstances under which
most officers would feel at liberty to exceed the
bounds of their instructions. If the exigencies
of this case have been of such a nature as that,
then it would be in the discretion of the legisla-
tive department to pay or not to nay them as they
think proper. I am willing, myself, to give no
vote which will sanction the principle that this
Government is bound by those contracts. But I
do not think that voting a sujp of money to have
a thorough investigation of the circumstances un-
der which they were made, does commit the Gov-
ernment to the payment of the claims after the
investigation shall have been made, whatever may
be the result of that investigation, however honest
it may appear to have been. For that reason, I
am disposed to vote for the appropriation.
Mr. ADAMS. I rise for the purpose of moving
to amend the amendment by striking out " ten"
and inserting <e five," so as to make the appropria-
tion $5,000. I do it for this reason: I agree with
the honorable.Senator from Michigan, that if the
agents of the Government transcend the power
conferred upon them, those who trust most must
lose. The Government is liable only for such con-
tracts as are made by its officers, within the scope
of their authority; but, as was correctly suggested
by the honorable Senator from Tennessee, the
legislative power has the right—if the contracts
have been made by accredited agents of the Gov-
ernment, and innocent men have rendered service
to those employed in the business of the Govern-
ment—to make a remuneration. I think that the
whole question resolves itself into this: that if
it is the determination of Congress to make com-
pensation to those who have parted with their
property, under the authority of agents accredited
by the Government in California in relation to
this transaction, it is a money-saving business to
| make the appropriation asked for by the amend-
' ment. We all know what has been suggested by
the Senator from Maryland, as to ex parte state-
! ments. I do not know but that it would be good
' policy, whenever an unliquidated claim is pre-
I scnted to the consideration of Congress, for the
s Government to pay a trusty agent to investigate
| the other side of the question. All those who
j have been in the habit of attending courts of justice
I know the advantage of ex parte or one-sided ex-
j animations.
j The claims presented against the Government
| in this case amount to $800,000 or $1,000,000.
• Unless the claimants are more honest—or, take it
i for granted that they are honest, unless they are
j more reasonable in their appreciation of what is
i their right, and the rights of the adverse party, it
I would be an immense saving to the Government to
; have this investigation made. I understand the
j proposition is to appoint an agent to investigate
' the character of the claims. I move to strike out
| "ten" and insert "five," for this reason: there
. are plenty of individuals in California—I could
I point them out myself from my own limited ac-
j quaintance there—reliable men, upon whom this
: Congress could rely to ascertain all the facts, and
| furnish us with all the information necessary to
i enable us, if we determine to pay the claims, to
know the circumstances under which thecontracts
were made, and the value of the supplies furnished
to the United States. One half of the amount
proposed by the amendment of the committee is
amply sufficient. I admit, if you establish a regu-
lar court there, call for testimony pro and con,
and adjudicate the various claims that may come
