1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2107
there, that it would take ^10,000 or $20,000, or
even §50,000; but to appoint an' agent or agents
to investigate, furnishing them with a copy of the
claims, one half the amount would be amply suf-
ficient, and more than sufficient, to enable a trusty
man to furnish all the information that would en-
able the Congress of the United States to act ad-
visedly in making the payments of the claims.
I expiess no opinion as to the circumstances
surrounding this transaction; but it is due to the
Indian Department—as allusion has been made to
it frequently—to say that the Indian commission-
ers were expressly informed of the amount of the
appropriation, and were limited in their instruc-
tions m regard to their expenditures to that appro-
priation. It is due to that Department to say,
that this transaction, beyond that, has been con-
trary to the express direction of the Department.
"Whether the Government is bound, under the
peculiar ciicumstances surrounding the commis-
sioneis, from matters which could not have been
known'by the Congress or the head of the Indian
Hmeau, wdl be a matter for the consideration of
Congress, when all the facts shall have been pre-
sented.
Then the question arises, under these circum-
stances, whether, as a matter of economy, and as
a matter necessary to enable Congress to do jus-
tice to its citizens and to itself—and a Government
can never do justice to itself without doing justice
to every citi/.en in the community, whether public
or private—such an appropriation should not be
made as will enable Congress to have the inform-
ation upon the side of Government at the tune the
question shall be adjudicated? 1 think, under all
the circumstances, an appropriation for this pur-
pose should be made—not $10,000, because that
is unnecessary. Five thousand will be sufficient,
and more than sufficient, to enable an agent or
agents to investigate the character of the claims.
Kor this reason, even if my proposition to amend
fails, still that we may have both sides of the
question before us once in the legislative histoiy
of the country, in the investigation of chums
against the Government, 1 am willing to make the
experiment. In my little experience m this and
the other branch of Congress, I hardly know of
a solitary case that has ever been presented to
the Congiess of the United States, where both
sides of the claim have been presented to then
consideration. It has always been ex parte. I
think it will be worth the experiment in this mat-
ter to see what will be saved to the Government
by investigating both sides. Therefore, I shall
vote for the appropriation, even if my proposition
to amend is rejected.
Mr. WELLER. If the Senate conclude to
appoint an agent at all, I apprehend that ten thou-
sand dollars will not be too much in order to pay
the expenses of that agent. The Slate of Cali-
fornia was divided between these commissioners
into three divisions—Mr. McKee taking charge of
the northern division, Mr. Wozencraff, of the
central, and Mr. Barbour of the southern di-
vision.
These agents went into the respective portions
of the State and made these contracts. Now, sir,
in order to investigate the manner in which they
were made; in order to determine the question
whether the beef was or was not supplied under
them, it will be necessary to visit the points at
which the beef was to be delivered. The agent
who may be appointed will therefore he compelled
to go from the extreme northern part of the State
to the extreme southern portion, because there are
the points at which the beef was to have been de-
livered. There the witnesses reside whose testi-
mony will be necessary m order to determine the
question whether the beef was furnished for a fail-
consideration.
Now, whether Mr. McKee, as the particular
commissioner for the northern section of the State,
made contracts for the delivery of beef or not, I
do not undertake to say. My understanding in
that country was, that Mr. McKee had entered
into contracts with parties for the delivery of beef.
It was well known there that the-e was one case
where the contractor, finding that it would be
very inconvenient to drive the cattle over the
mountains and deliver them at the points at which
he had undertaken to deliver them, instead of run-
ning the risk of losing his cattle by driving them
there, drove the Indians and fed them on the beef
at his ranchoy on the principle that it was much
easier to drive the Indians down to the rancho
than to drive the cattle to where the Indians were.
There have been charges made in the public
newspapers of fraud in all these contracts. 1 do
not undertake to express any opinion as to the guilt
of these men; but I know this fact, that the De-
partment was advised more than a yeari*go, that
these Indian commissioners were making con-
tracts; that they were giving drafts on the Govern-
ment to men who had furnished their property for
the use of the Government; and, so far as 1 know,
the Department took no steps to arrest the progress
of these events.
I can readily imagine a case where any Senator
within the sound of my voice would be willing to
vote for thepaymentuf acontiact. Suppose these
Indian commissioners, when they went there, had
found a state of things existing which led them to
the impression that the whole of the frontier was
about to be devastated by the Indians: suppose
that, in order to avert that calamity—in order to
prevent hostilities with the Indians—the com-
missioners, in the exercise of their discretion, con-
tracted for the delivery of five hundred head of cat-
tle, m fcrder to appease the Indians: is theie a
Senator on this iloor, under this state of the case,
who would not be willing to pay the amount ex-
pended ?
It is said that there are some cases of this sort.
The commissioners allege that they have gone on
the piinHple, that it was better to feed the Indians
than to fight them; and perhaps that is oftentimes
the cheapest plan. They allege, as their justifica-
tion, that they have gone upon that principle. If
they found a state of things existing there which
led them to the impression, and is sufficient to sat-
isfy the Senate, thata war was averted by furnish-
ing these Indians, who were then Ntai vmg, with
beef, any Senator would say, at once, that a con-
tract for such a purpose should he paid.
I do not know no w who are the holders of these
drafts. I think that whenever the contractors de-
livered cattle, the commissioners gave them drafts
upon the Treasury, with full knowledge, of course,
that there was not a single dollar m the Treasury
to pay them. I have seen many of these diafts.
Some of them, to the amount of §100,000, were
in my hands but a short time ago. They belong
to a gentleman who, I know, furnished m good
faith his cattle to the commissioners, supposing
that they had whatever authority was necessary
to carry into effect the treaties which were made.
Their impression was, that the treaties would
have been ratified; and probably, after they had
been formally signed by the Indian agent and the
Indians, they were right m taking it for granted
that they would be ratified by the Senate; but
they have been rejected. The contractors were
the holders of the drafts. In one case I know of
an individual who had $130,000 of these drafts,
which he has hypothecated as collateial security
for a loan of #40,000, upon which he is to pay
three per cent, a month; so that any one can see
at once that he must be inevitably luincd. He
has relied on the proceeds of thedrafts taken from
your Indian agents there to discharge his debt,
and the consequences are apparent.
If it be the determination of the Senate to put
themselves in possession of the facts, the appoint-
ment of this agent is indispensable. It is required
not only by the interests of the Government, but
it is demanded by the people of the State of Cal-
ifornia. If you are satisfied that any portion of
them have, m good faith, supplied your agents
with what was necessary to feed these Indians
during the tune when they were negotiating, it is
your duty to put yourselves in possession of th*<?e
facts by the appointment of an agent. Although
some of my constituents are interested in this
matter, I should not press it upon the Senate if I
did not believe this information would be inval-
uable.'
Mr, BADGER. The true objection, Mr. Pres-
ident, to the appropriation now sought to be made
has not, m my judgment, yet been stated. It lies,
m my mind, neither in any implied obligation of
the Government for liability for these demands;
nor in the amount proposed: nor m the supposi-
tion that these duties ought to be exercised by the
present superintendent. My objection is above,
behind, and more important and pressing, than
any of these. It is this: You are going, under
this amendment, if it be adopted by the Senate
and agreed to by the House, to send outan agent
; into California for the purpose of investigating
these alleged fraudulent transactions. "Where are
you to go to get him ? Where are you to find the
agent who can discharge this duty in such a man-
ner as to meet the approbation and satisfy the
judgment of the Senate and of the country ?
Why, sir, here are four Indian commissioners.
We have been told by one of the Senators from
California, that before they were sent to that coun-
try to discharge these duties, they were men of
imimpeached, and, as it was supposed, unim-
peachable reputation—men of high character for
integrity and firmness. They go there, and di-
rectly afterwards theyarefound engaged—in what?
In making contracts m violation of their duty.
And more than that: the honorable Senator from
California [Mr. Wriirii] says that they are
strongly suspected, and strongly charged—though
he gives no opinion as to whether that charge or
suspicion be correct—with having been fraudu-
lently, unlawfully, and culpably engaged in ma-
king profit to themselves out of the unlawful trans-
actions attributed to them, and of which they were
no doubt guilty.
Mr. WALKER.® The papers in California
publicly charge it.
Mr. BADGER. Yes, sir. Now, suppose you
appoint an agent, and send him there. Unless you
can get a Heaven-descended angel, what guarantee
have you that as soon as he gets out there he will
not be engaged m unlawful transactions, and be
immediately charged m all the papers with fraud
and corruption by these very claimants? If the
moment these commissioners entered on these In-
dian transactions, they forgot the integrity which
their foimer good conduct was supposed to have
implied, lost all recollection of what they owed to
themselves, their families, and the reputation they
ought to maintain—if all these considerations were
insufficient to support them, and maintain their
integrity against the temptations which surrounded
them, where will you find your agent of any
known character and established reputation, who
wiil go out there and investigate the piopriety of
allowing claims to the amount of $800,000, sur-
rounded by every species of influence that is to
mislead and bias him ? He must do one of these
things: Either yield himselfto corruption, or what
is next, to it, (and practically as to the influence
which his report would have, piecisely the same,)
be charged by all the newspapers with being cor-
ruptly engaged in villainously permitting one class
of claims to be allowed at the expense of another.
That is the difficulty, sir.
Ten thousand dollars is but a moderate sum.
The object is desirable. It is important that the
Government should obtain the information. Cut
I ask, where is your guarantee that you can get
any man who, if his integrity is proof against
temptation, can stand against the universal im-
putation that he is corrupt and wicked > If the
commissioners could not get along, how will the
agent be able to stand perpendicular and'erect,
both in fact and in public estimation, m the dis-
charge of this delicate duty with which it is pro-
posed to clothe him ? That is the difficulty.
Mr. ADAMS. In deference to the opinion of
my friends from North Carolina and California,
I withdraw my motion to amend the amendment.
Mr. PRATT. Mr. President, the argument of
the Senator from North Carolina, as has been
suggestfd by a friend near me, is rather against
the climate inhabited by my friends from Califor-
nia. It is the supposition that nobody who goes
there can be honest. I do not believe that. I
wish, however, to assign the reason which shall
govern my vote against the proposition, it being
entirely different from any reason which has been
suggested. Jt is conceded by every one who has
spoken, except the Senators from California, that
the contracts which have been made by these
agents or commissioners were contrary to the au-
thority vested in them; and, consequently, these
contracts impose no obligation, legal or equitable,
upon this Government to pay them. I cannot,
therefore, for my life, see how those who entertain
that opinion—(and all of us seem to entertain it,
except the two Senators from California)—can
vote to send an agent to California to examine
into these claims, when-\ve prejudge them by the as-
sertion on the part of everybody who has spoken,
that the United States are not bound to pay, and
will not pay them. Is it not a work of superero-
gation to send our agent there to make investiga-
