1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1243
Expenses, Wages of Crew, and Provisions for same.
Average of each voyage, a> above  $'8,845 04
Fuel do do do     b,612 28
Repairs to machinery do do   ,. 4,571 90
Do do extras, average as above.. 4,643 00
Ordinary expenses, including carpenters and join-
ers, poit charges, sailmakeis, light and dock
dues, passengers' provisions and waiters, and
oilier necessaries, average a? above  12,762 73
Insurance, average on above voyages  8,904 64
Interest do do do   8,4138 00
Deterioration at seven per cent, per annum on do. 8,438 00
Total $-65,215 59
Receipts.
Passage money, average as above. $21,292 65
Freights do  7,744 20
Mail money from Government do 19,250 00
 48,286 85
Deficiency average, per voyage & 1.6,928 74
Mr. Wm. L. Youle, Secretary of the New York
and Liverpool United States Mail Steam-ship Com-
pany, swears that he is notinterested in said com-
pany, and that the foregoing statement is true.
Mr. HUNTER. That is substantially the same
statement as that upon which I was commenting.
I was aware that they had a statement, sworn to
by their secretary. 1 do not mean to disparage
his testimony. 1 know nothing about it. I only
know that the Government of the United States
has had no opportunity to look into that evidence
through its agents. I know that it is an ex parte
statement.* 1 do not know how it is, or why it is;
the secretary cannot know whether these sums
ought to be expended\ It has been charged upon
them that they run their ships at too great an ex-
pense. I know—and this affords the best means
within my reach—for checking and correcting the
calculation which proceeds from the parties inte-
rested—that Mr. Isherwood, an engineer-in-chief in
the Navy Department, a young gentleman appa-
rently of science and ability, has given a very
different estimate of the proper cost of running
these ships. I acknowledge that it is a conjectural
estimate, but it is a conjectural estimate of one
who is skilled in such matters, and I have no doubt
that it is good for this: to show what the running
of these ships ought to have cost if they had been
properly managed and built. But I dwell upon
this estimate because it brings me to another point.
It is said that if you do not give this additional
compensation to the Collins line, it will go down,
and we shall lose all chance of participating in the
eteam communication, or in the steam marine,
■which is to run between New York and Liverpool.
On the contrary, I believe that if it were to go
down, and if you were to advertise for steam-ships
to carry the mails, built without reference to the
war feature, which, I think, I shall showis utterly
unnecessary, we would get vessels as safe as the '
Collins steamers and as fleet, which would carry '
the mails, and which could be built for the sum of
$500,000, and indeed less. Yes, sir; 1 am told
that if they were to be only sixteen hundred tons,
they would cost but $400,000 apiece. Mr. Liv-
ingston—the same Mr. Livingston to whom the
Senator from Texas has referred—says, in a late
communication which I have seen, that if you had
not required him to make them suitable for,war
purposes, he could have built his ships for less than
what they have cost by §200,000 apiece—ships
that would go as fast and have as much capacity
as those he already had. I am told that if these
ships had been built plainly, such ships as the Col-
lins steamers could have been,and ought to have
been,built for half a million of dollars apiece. If you
take them upon that estimate, you will find that
what we have already given them, in addition to
what they make, would not only pay the expense
of running them according to the estimate, but
that they would pay a profit largely above the
twenty-five per cent., which the Englishmen say
is all that is necessary to coverall the charges and
to rebuild the ships, and an ample profit besides.
So that, so far from losing an American steam
marine; so far from losing our share of the car-
riage of mails and the transportation of passengers
and freights by steam between Liverpool and New
York, if these Collins ships were out of the way,
we should, on the contrary, probably raise up a
set of steam-ships which would do the business
upon self-sustaimngpnnciples. And I submit that j
it would reflect much more credit upon our legis- '
lation if we were so to manage these matters thatj
the business should be done upon self-supporting i
principles, than if we were to do as is now pro-
posed—pay Mr. Collin's losses upon a mere con-
sideration of fleetness, merely to keep up a set of
ships unfit for naval purposes, as 1 shall presently
show, and which are unsuitable also for a com-
mercial marine.
Now, sir, I propose to examine the pretense
that they tire fitted for war purposes; and I think
I can show by authorities, both American and
English—not only by our own officers, but by
English naval officers—that they are not war
steamers in any true and correct sense of the term.
I begin with our own. What says Commodore
Ferry ?
Extract of a letter of Commodore M. C. Perry
to the Secretary of the Navy, dated April 9th,
1850:
44 The mail steamers of the contracts of Howland &,
Aspinwall, of Geoigc Law, and of E. K. Collins, can be
easily convened into war-steamers for temporary service, in
cases of particular emergency. These vessels, with lntle
sticngthening of the decka, can be made to carry each a
few gun* ofheavy caliber, and may be rendered useful to
convoy, in the ti asportation of troops, cariymg dispatches,
conveying public functionaries, &c., &c.; but their service
could only be contingent, and, as beloie lemarked, tempo-
rary.
" The cost of converting them to war purposes would be
latge, and irt no respect would they be as .economical, or
in any way equal to vessels built expressly tor Government
service; nor should they, in my opinion, interfere in the
least with the oigamzation and gradual increase of an effi-
cient and permanent steam navy. The use of steam-ships
in our future naval operations must inevitably change m
a great degree the art of naval war. Indeed, no one can
imagine what changes will be effected, as well upon the
ocean as upon the land, by means of the new agencies
which have been more practically developed within the
last quarter ofa century."
Extract from a communication to the Secretary
of the Navy, dated April 20th, 1850, by Charles
H. Haswell, Chief Engineer of the United States
Navy:
" With a laige majority of the commercial ocean steam-
ers now built, the pioportions, capacities, and const* uction
of their hulls, and the design and airangement of their en-
gines and boilers, are such as to render them incapable of
efficient and economical war service, without incurring an
expenditure in alterations and a loss of tune that would not,
except in cases of national emergency, be at all repaid
by the ultimate durability of the hulls of the vessels in their
ready transfer to, or in their economical performance of
active service."
***** "They are so deficient in
stability, vdthout the spars and armament of a naval steam-
er, that it is necessary to depress them beyond their intended
limits, m order to effect their passages with the probability
of security."
*****" The steamers of Mr. Col-
li ns's line, now in progress ofeonstruetion, will cost $550,000
each. Yet the boilers of these vessels, and all the other
mail-steamers, are of iron, their hulls are not constructed
of live oak, and the vessels are without the spars, rigging,
armament and equipment of naval steamers." * *
"The first mail steameis have proved inadequate to their
service, fiom the insufficiency of their construction; and
after but two and a half years' service, and at a cost of re-
pairs and alterations exceeding their fiM cost, they are now
incapable of any useful naval puipose; they therefore, an
isrnoiance of their worthlessness existing, are estimated in
our means of naval defenses; and when required for such
purpose, the dependence would piove as disastrous to our
national interests as their construction has been to our pro-
fessional reputation as constructors and engineers."
Extract from the report of Commodore Charles
William Skinner, to the Secretary- of the Navy:
"7. What is the best instrument for propelling commer-
cial ocean steamers, the paddle-wheel or submerged screw?
and do these instruments require different models for the
hull?
"Answer. The paddle-wheel is generally considered the
best instrument of propulsion, where speed is requiredj but
for the purposes of war the screw would be preferable, and
thfiy do require different models.
" 8. Do you consider commercial ocean steamers, as now
built, convertible at once into war steamers, and capable of
efficiently perfoimmg war service?
" Jinswer. They cannot bp converted into war steamers
without great expense, and then they would be inferior to
those designed solely for that purpose."
Extracts from Mr. John Lenthall's letter to
Commodore C. W. Skinner, dated 18th of Febru-
ary, 1852:
" I would, in the first place, state, that there i? some
doubt whether a side-wheel steamer can be made into a
war steamer of the first class.
"The machinery of such a steamer should be placed be-
low the level of common dangers from shot; and to enable
her to become a cruiser requires that she should be a per-
fect sailing vessel in all respects—not only in the power of
the sail, but also m its position. The fullness of the ex-
tremities should be such that the motions of pitching and
scending may be within moderate limits, and they should
be able to support the heavy guns at their extremities,
which ate deemed essential to their armament. It is desir-
able that they should be fast vessels, but they must be capa-
ble of using as well as carrying their armament; and as no
othei quality can compensate for a deficiency in this, it be-
comes a piiinaiy consideration."
****** "The words 'suitable
for immediate conversion into steamers for war purposes,'I
understand to mean the state in which an actual ship of
war would be if temporarily employed in carrying the mail
or passengers.
" From the superficial examinations -I had the opportu-
nity of making, these ships appeared in about the same de-
gree of readiness for immediate conversion into steamers
for war purposes as merchant ships, according to their size
and speed, are into frigates or other classes of ships-of-war
possessing the advantages common to large vessels Of a ca-
pacity permitting, if i equired, the additional materials neces-
sary, and the armament and equipments required to be
placed on board to make them war vessels."
Extracts from a letter to the Secretary of the
Navy, from Commodore M. C. Perry, of 18th of
February, 1852:
" It will be well, however, to premise that, under no cir-
cumstances, and at whatever cost, can a steam-vessel, buill
expressly for the transportation of freight or passengers,
be made, in any manner, equal in convenience and effi-
ciency to a vessel originally intended for war purposes,'
even assuming that the" mateiialt, of which the respective
vessels are constiucfed are in nil respects equal. And for
the obvious reason, that in the conduction of a vessel-of-
war, from the laying of the keel, every part of the vessel is,
in the projness of completion, made subservient to the ac-
commodation and arrangement of the armament, tire safe-
keeping of the munitions, provision*, water, &c., and the
berthing of the several classes of officers, and the crew;
while in mail or packet steamers—in this country—no prep-
arations aie made for any armament, the ingenuity of the
builder being alone taxed to render them extravagantly
showy and best adapted for the accommodation of numerous
passengers and the stowage of freight."
* * * * * * *
" Question first. ( Whether the steam-ships employed in
' the transportation of the United States mail, under con-
' tiact with the Navy Department, or any other steam ship1?
'employed in the transportation of our foreign mails, aie,
'in all respects, suitable for immediate conversion into
' steamers for wai purposes, capable of carrying the arina-
' ment or battery appropriate to the class specified in the
'contract:'
"in answer to the foregoing [first] question, I am of opin-
ion that they are not ' in all respects suitable.'"
" It should be taken into view that those mail steamers,
if called into service as war vessels, would be considered
as forming an auxiliary force to the regularly-constiuoted
ships? and hence the impolicy of expending much money
on them. The requisites of K>und hulls and powerful en-
gines, with efficient armaments, should alone be considered,
leaving superfluous ornament out of the question.
Extract from note accompanying the letter from
Commodore Perry, of 18th February, 1852, from
which the above extracts were taken:
" The deterioration of ocean mail steamers, growing out
of wear and tear and gradual decay, notwithstanding every
possible repair, may be estimated at live per cent, per an-
num for live-oak ships—perhaps a trifle les&."
I could go further, and produce you the same sort
of testimony from othersources; but thatis enough.
I know the friends of the amendment rely upon
a letter which Commodore Perry wrote, and
which, 1 suspect, is to beinterpreted into an opin-
ion that the ships might suit for temporary pur-
poses—for transportation, and Kindred services. I
looked into the proceedings* of the special commit-
tee to which I have referred, raised in the British
Parliament, in 1848, upon the subject of steam-
ships, and I found there the same opinion ex-
* Extracts from the " Minutes of Evidence taken before the
Select Committee on Steam Navyordered by the Brit-'
Uh Home of Commons in 1849.
At page 73 of the printed report, is the testimony of Cap-
tain W. fl. HendeifOii, It. N., C. B., as follows :
741. "Do you think that vessels of that packet class,
' taking a superior class ot vessels, might be made useful in
' the case of war, for channel purposes and protecting our
' coa«t, and for looking out ?" " Very useful."
742. " But not to supersede men-of-war?" "No; I con-
i sider that they are a different kind or vessel; they are made
' for working against the head winds of the Atlantic, and
' they are under-rigged, and are not intended for sailing."
' At page 81,'•ame report, n the testimony of Captain H.
D. Chads, R. N., as follows :
892. " Do you think that they would supersede the use of
1 steam-ships built expressly as ships-of-war?" " I should
' apprehend that we should make a sad mistake if wc at-
' tempted to do away with our own. I think that under
k no circumstances could jou apply them as men-of war,
' strictly in the meaning of the term • men-of-war.' "
893. " You do not conceivcthat they are <o well adapted
' for fighting purpose*, and for keeping company with fleet*,
' as ships that are builfortheJRoyaHVavyr" "lappichend
' that they would be always required to be under steam, to
' keep company with our fleet; I do not think, from their
' rig, that they have sufficient canvas to enable them to
' keep way with our vessels without steaming; that they
i would be constantly under a cei tain portion of steaih, con-
1 sequentlv their coals would be soon exhausted."
At page" 89, of same report, is the testimony of Rear-Ad-
miral Sir Charles Napier, K. O. B., as follows:
1015. " Would you confine the use of those vessels to the
' channel, or would you make use of them by sending them
' abroad into our Colonies ?" " I do not think they would be
1 fit to go abroad with that fitting, which 1 think they ought
i ' to have at all tunes, because it is too late to begin to fit
' when the enemy is on your shores. I do not think they
'would be fit to go abroad, because they would be t?>o small,
1 and as the greater number of large ones would be abroad
i at the time, you would not be able to get hold of thera."
