832
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 21,
want of papers, which have now been laid upon |
the table from the Treasury Department. At the >
close of the last session, a resolution was passed
through the Senate, upon my motion, asking for
a large body of information on this subject,,
through the Treasury Department. That has
come in this morning, and a bill will, therefore,
be reported at an early day. But, still, I do not
propose to throw any obstacle in the way of the
object and the wishes of my friend from Arkan-
sas. I am willing his bill should take its course;
but if that bill which the committee will report
passes, this bill will be superseded.
Mr. BORLAND. I ask that the bill may be
passed over informally.
The bill was accordingly passed over informally.
THE UNITED STATES BRIG "WASHINGTON.
The bill for the relief of the widows and rela-
tives of certain officers and seamen of the United
States brig Washington, who were lost overboard
in a hurricane, was considered as in Committee of
the Whole, and having been amended verbally, it
was reported to the Senate, and ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading.
BINDING CONGRESSIONAL DOCUMENTS.
The joint resolution providing for the binding
of certain documents, was next considered as in
Committee of the Whole.
It provides that all the executive documents of
which additional copies have been ordered to be
printed, which shall not contain less than two
hundred and fifty pages, shall be bound, under the
direction of the Joint Committee on Printing, pro-
vided that the cost thereof shall not exceed twelve
and a half cents per volume.
Mr. BORLAND. As chairman of the Com-
mittee on Printing, I will state that this is a joint
resolution which came from the House of Repre-
sentatives, and was referred to the Committee on
Printing of the Senate, and was favorably reported
upon. When this resolution was before the Sen-
ate on a former occasion, 1 made some remarks
in opposition to its adoption, and I shall not,
therefore, now go at length into the reasons why
I am opposed to it. I will simply state, that as I
opposed the measure then, so 1 shall vote against
it now, because i think it is adding to the list of '
opportunities occasioning invitations to commit
impositions on the Government. The binding of
our documents for the last session has satisfied me
with the system; and although in some respects
there may be an advantage in it, 1 think itis, upon
the whole, a great evil, i think that, instead of
the documents being benelitcd by the binding,
they have in a large number of instances been
materially injured. So far at.least as some of
them which went to my State would go to prove
this position, I am satisfied. I examined some of
those which went there, and found that when they
had reached their destination the binding was not
worth anything. Nay, that it was worse than
ifftless, for it had put these documents in a con-
dition which prevented them frqm being bound
again. I am opposed to'this plan of binding, as
1 am opposed to everything in the way of either
printing or binding being done on contract. My
opinion is, that everything which we undertake to
do under that system will be badly done—that it
will result in much more expense and much less
advantage to the country than by almost any
other system. I hnve expressed these sentiments
on a former occasion, and I have now no more
to say.
Mr. BRADBURY, I did not hear the resolu-
tion read, but I think that whatever is deserving
of being placed in the library is deserving of being
bound, I think the great fault is, that we print too
large numbers of documents which are not of suf-
ficient general interest to compensate for the out-
lay. It certainly is convenient when we have doc-
uments to use, to have them in a position in which
we can use them. As the expense of binding is
not great, I am under the impression that what we
print in considerable numbers should be bound.
Mr. BORLAND. We now print fourteen hun-
dred copies of all documents that are ordered to be
printed, for the Library and for the use of tlie Sen-
ate. But the proposition in this joint resolution is
to bind the extra copies which go out into the
country. Now, if the Senator from Maine will
look into this question of binding public docu-
ments, and will view it with regard to the eco-
nomical course which he usually pursues, I think
he will be-inclined to favor my side of the ques-
tion. Does any Senator know what was the cost
of binding documents last session?
Mr. SALE. No.
Mr. BORLAND. Why, sir, it cannot have
fallen short of a hundred thousand dollars. The
binding of the Patent Office reports alone cost fifty
thousand dollars; and for the binding of the docu-
ments of this Congress, if we adopt this resolu-
tion, my opinion is we will have to pay a hundred
and fifty thousand dollars.
A Senator. No, no; not so much as that.
Mr. HALE. My observation leads me to differ
with the Senator from Arkansas in regard to this
resolution. I think that if there be any value in
these documents at all, at least to the people to
whom they are sent in the country,'it is in the
binding. j>£ow, if it is worth while to print these
documents to send to our friends, it is certainly
worth while to put upon them this ninepenny
binding; for instead of teariug them up, as they
would inevitably do if they were not bound, they
allow them a place on the shelves of their libra-
ries, there to remain, sir, like many of our docu-
ments here, never to be opened and read again. I
am quite of opinion, therefore, Mr. President,
that if these public documents have any value at
all—at least many of them—it is in the binding;
and if we are to dispense with anything here, I
would rather that we dispensed with the printing
and kept the binding. [A laugh.]
Mr. BRADBURY. 1 would like to inquire of
the chairman of the Committee on Printing wheth-
er the order for printing the documents of the
present session has already been so far executed
as to render it impossible to reduce the number?
The abuse seems to be in the manufacturing of so
large a number of books.- Formerly the Patent
Office report was but a small volume; but recent-
ly, by the incorporation of much useless matter,
it has swelled to two volumes; and I think that,
in the first place, the abuse is in incorporating
what is not of value; and in the second place, m
printing so large a number of copies. I quite
agree with the Senator from New Hampshire,
[Mr. Hale,] that one thing, at least, which gives
value to these documents is their being bound, and
thus be put in a position in which they can be
used and referred to. And the same reasons
which would induce me to bind them for our-
selves, would induce me to bind those which are
intended for distribution elsewhere. Otherwise,
they become as mere waste paper, and might as
well not be circulated at all.
Mr. HAMLIN. I was one of the Committee
on Printing who agreed to this report, and there-
fore it becomes me, perhaps, to say a word. 1
have very little, indeed I have no feeling on this
subjcct whatever. I am perfectly indifferent.
Still, upon the investigation of the subject, I came
to the conclusion that if our documents were
worth preserving and sending abroad, they were
worth a cheap binding. I will add, also, that I
am satisfied that for twelve and a half cents per
copy, the price we paid last year, binding may
be had in muslin, which is a very respectable
binding indeed, and makes a very respectable vol-
ume. If Senators will turn their attention or their
recollection to the Debates on the California Con-
vention, the Statistics of Commerce and Naviga-
tion, or still later works, the Surveys of New
Mexico and Texas, all bound in muslin, they
will have a fair sample of what can be done in the
way of binding in muslin for twelve and a half
cents per copy; and for that sum these documents
can be placed in a situation in which they can be
preserved. I must sayfliat I think some of these
documents are of a little more value than the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire seems to suppose. I
think the agricultural report of the Patent Office is
worth preserving, and in this cheap binding it will
be preserved. The binding of these documents
at twelve and a half cents per copy will not
amount to half the sum named by the Senator
from Arkansas, and it will fully accomplish the
the object which is desired. Besides, I am told
that if we do not pass the resolution, the House
of Representatives will recommend the passage
of a resolution of a similar character, and have
the expense defrayed out of their own contingent
fund. I think, therefore, it will be a matter of
economy to have these documents containing three
hundred pages j^ound in muslin; which can be
done so cheaply and go neatly.
Mr. BRADBURY. I observe there is a limit-
ation of the size of the volume. Last year it was
ordered to bind such volumes as contained not
less than three hundred pages. The bill before
us limits the number of pages to two hundred and.
fifty. I move to strike out the words " two hun-
dred and fifty," and insert the words " three hun-
dred."
Mr. HALE. I object.
Mr. CLARKE. I hope not.
Mr. BADGER. I hope that amendment will
not prevail. I would much rather see the fifty
struck out and leave the words " two hundred."
I cannot understand why a document of two hun-
dred pages should not be bound. I think any-
thing beyond the size of a pamphlet should be
bound. I hope the amendment will not prevail.
The amendment was not adopted.
The joint resolution was then reported to the
Senate, and read a third time, and passed. •
SELECTION OF LANDS BY ILLINOIS.
The Senate then proceeded, as in Committee of
the Whole, to the consideration of a " Bill to au-
thorize the State of Illinois to select the residue of
the lands to which she is entitled under the act of
2d March, 1827, granting land to aid that State in
opening a canal to connect the waters of the Illi- "
nois river with fliose of Lake Michigan."
Mr. HUNTER. I would like to-have that bill
passed over.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Would the Senator from
Virginia like an explanation of the bill ?
Mr. HUNTER. I should be glad to have it
explained.
Mr. DOUGLAS. In 1897, the Congress of the
United States passed an act granting to the^Btate
of Illinois a certain amount of alternate sections
of land, for the purpose of constructing a canal
to connect the waters of the Illinois river and
those of Lake Michigan. The grant was made,
under supposition that the land would be suffi-
cient to construct the canal. A corps of engi-
neers, walking over it, decided that it would re-
quire the sum of six hundred thousand dollars to
make the canal. We accepted the grant with the
idea of making the canal out of these lands. We
commenced the work on that supposition, and
went on and expended a large sum of money. The
next estimate was, that a million and a half dol-
lars would be required; but before we got through
there was another estimate of three millions, and
at last we made out the whole expenditure to be
nine millions, and the canal is now finished. On
selecting the lands there was an omission to select
a small quantity, which was therefore left, and has
been sold by the Government. The Department
acknowledges that we are entitled to some twenty
thousand acres more. It is a small amount, and
this is simply to authorize the State to select what
we were entitled to under the original grant. The
State does not ask any more on account of the
greater expense than the original amount esti-
mated.
Mr. HUNTER. I would inquire if the bill
allows the selection to be made in any part of the
State, or whether it is to be confined to the vicini-
ty of the canal?
Mr. DOUGLAS. The lands were originally
upon the borders of the canal, but the Govern-
ment of the United States has sold a portion of
the land to which we were entitled along the line
of the canal. It must now be selected elsewhere,
so much as is necessary to make up the small de-
ficiency that I have stated.
' Mr. DAWSON. I would ask if the lands were
not sold prior to the grant made to the State?
Mr. DOUGLAS. Not at all. Every acre has
been sold since, and we now do not wish to dis-
turb the title which has been made erroneously
out of the grant made to us. It is on this account
that we ask t&e" privilege of selecting elsewhere.
The bill was then reported to the Senate with-
out amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a •
third reajfing.
V RAILROADS IN IOWA.
The Senate next proceeded, as in Committee of
the Whole, to consider the bill granting the right
of way and making a grant of land to the State
of Iowa, in aid of the construction of certain rail-
roads in said State.
The bill was reported with an amendment.
The amendment proposed to strike out all after
the enacting clause, and insert a number of pro-
