1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1245
it would be a very serious disadvantage to com-
merce if you were to take them all away. Why,
in time of war, the ships that we should want
more than all others for commercial purposes,
would be these steamers, which are fleet enough
to run away from privateers, and might carry guns
enough to protect themselves against them. So
that, if you were to attempt to unite a naval and
commercial marinp in relation to steam—and you
do not attempt it by vessels moved by sails, (and
the same reason, it seems to me, should apply to
both)—you will injure both; because if you attempt
to make the vessels somewhat stronger and heavier
for war purposes, in time of peace, they will
not be so well fitted for cSrrying freights and pas-
sengers; and if, in time of war, you take these
steamers for military purposes, you would not
have steamers so well fitted for that service, as if
they had been originally constructed for war alone.
* I say, then, that so far as the clause requiring
these steamers to be fitted for war purposes is con-
cerned, it is a humbug. I say that these ships of
Collins are not suitable for war purposes, unless
you discredit the testimony of all these officers.
It is to be remembered that Captain Halstead was
the officer appointed by the British Admiralty to
try experiments between the relative powers of the
screw and the side-wheel paddle steamers. I say
youmust discredit all this testimony, if you mam-
tain that the Collins ships, orally ships built upon
that plan, are suitable for war purposes. They
may be suitable for carrying supplies, and for dis-
patch vessels, but there is no necessity for Gov-
ernment bounties to secure them; we shall be al-
ways able to command enough of them, from our
commercial steam-marine.
Then, upon what other pretense can these grants
to the Collins line be sanctioned ? Why, it is said
that we make these grants for carrying the mail.
T crave your attention a little while on this point.
It is a principle in relation to our domestic mail
arrangements, that we make the business of car-
rying the mail pay for itself. We will not extend
it further than it can be extended when it supports
itself. It is true that we have made lately an ex-
periment in relation to cheap postage, and that it is
yet doubtful whether in the first years it will repay
or not; but it was done under the distinct hope and
assurance, so far as assurance could be given, from
conjectural estimates, that the receipts from post-
ages would repay the cost of transportation after
the rales were reduced. There may be some obli-
gation to carry the mails here at home in our own
country which cannot be otherwise supplied, at a
greater cost, than the postage would repay; but
there can be no obligation upon us to carry mails
between our people and foreign nations at a great-
er expense than will be repaid to us again. Asa
proof that it is not the mail service, but something
else that is reallv moving us, I would ask, does
any mail doubt,'that, if all the ships belonging to
the Collins line were to be sunk to-morrow, the
British ships would bring us the mail?_ Does any
man suppose that, if we were to advertise and dis-
pense with the unnecessary clause in relation to
war purposes we would not have ships of our own
that could be made suitable for carrying the mail,
and suitable for commercial purposes? I have no
sort of doubt but that in this mode, a steam sys-
tem would be developed which would support it-
self from the proceeds of postage and the natural
profits of their mode without any other assistance
from Government.
In order to test this pretense in relation to car-
rying the mails, I ask, who can doubt but the
English would carry them for us? Suppose we
did^not believe that the effect of it would be to
enable the English to buildup their commercial ma-
rine, but that they would only be able to sustain-a
few mail steam-vessels, and should we then think
of interfering with them: would we not say that
if they were"foolish enough to do the business for
nothing, or for rates that would not pay us to en-
gage in the enterprise, they might do it. And cer-
tainly we should not run the risk of breaking
down our post office establishment by saddling
on it an expense vastly greater than would be re-
paid'by postages. But we are not willing to do
that. Why? Because we are afraid that Eng-
land will build up a commercial marine in that
way, and we want to build up a commercial ma-
rine of our own; and in order to enable these par-
ties to maintain themselves, and in the pursuit of
that object, we are about to resort to a system of
bounties; and that is the point to which I wish to
bring the attention of the Senate.
If, then, there is any faith to be placed in human
testimony—in the testimony of experienced pro-
fessional men—I think I have shown that such
steamers as those of the Collins lme are not fitted
for war purposes. I have shown, also, that if we
look at it as a mere post office matter, we cannot
give these large sums which will not be re-
paid in the shape of postages without departing
from the practice which we pursue here at home,
where we make the business of carrying the mail
pay for itself. What other reason, then, can be
given for it, except that of the establishment of a
commercial marine? I say that it is building up a
commercial steam marine by a system of bounties
and monopolies to enable these men, by money
from the Treasury of the United States, to carry
freights and passengers lower than other ships can
carry them. I say that it is a system of bounties
and monopolies, because, ill addition to all that
they make m the shape of postages, and from
freights and passengers, they require this large
grant from the Government to enable them to pro-
cure a business which other individuals prosecute
at their own expense. And thus in a large branch
of the general business of the country you pro-
pose to give them special advantages. For this
sum is to be given that they may thus be en-
abled to carry freights and passengers lower than
other ships that might be called into existence by
private enterprise for the same purposes. Now,
can anybody show me an argument against the
protective system in any other form that does not
apply to this? I know the Senator from Texas
[Mr. Rusk] said that this word " monopoly" has
destroyed many a good thing.- I do not know
what it has destroyed in-this country. It was
used against the United States Bank. I suppose
the Senator does not regret its use in connection
with that institution. It was used in relation to a
protective tariff. I know he does not regiet it in
connection with that. Then I know of nothing
else which this term has ever been used to attack.
I say that all the objections which apply to a pro-
tective tariff„as I showed the other day, applied
to this system. You propose to give these ves-
sels a bounty from the Government to enable them
to carry freights and passengers at lower rates
than vessels which rely upon their own resources.
It is true, they say, that the British protect their
vessels, and theiefore we must protect ours. Do
not the manufacturers say the same thing? But
why should I pursue this branch of the argument
any further? The truth of what 1 say is obvious
upon its face. Now, I say that the answer to all
these appeals should be the same that is given in
relation to the tariff. The business will either
pay or it will not pay. It is either self-sustaining
or it is not. If it will pay, it is self-sustaining;
we believe that our people are not afraid of com-
petition, but that they will be as able to take a
shate of it as anybody. If it be not self-sus-
taining, then, the more of this business which the
English do, the more they will lose by it, and
the less temptation and inducement there is for us
to enter into it.
But I have been reproached with using a sec-
tional argument m relation to this matter. I said
that the same sectional argument which applied
against the protective system applied against this,
if' we were to give New York these lines of steam
communication, and refuse tliem to other cities.
[ say so again. Suppose we should pass a law
that we would pay out of the Treasury of the
United States the freight upon all goods carried
into New York from abroad; would not that be a
bounty—a monopoly given to New York? And
who would give the sectional vote, he who voted
this special privilege to New York, or he who
voted to deal equally by all the sections of the Con-
federacy, and all the cities of the Union? Sir, I
am willing to do for New York all that I would do
for any other city; but I am not willing to do
more. I do not believe she asks more than jus-
tice. She certainly ought not to ask it. A sec-
tional man, in such a case, would be—not he who
opposed it, but he who favored it. Suppose it
were proposed that you should build a line of rail-
roads to connect with New York, and with no
other city on the coast of the Union, who would
be the sectional man, he who would vote for such
a system, or he who would oppose it?
This is no supposed case that I am putting. It
so happened that during this winter some of the
iron-masters of Pennsylvania were here—gentle-
men who represented the great iron interests of
the country, and who believed it was not suffi-
ciently protected. They were stating'their case
to me, and estimating the various elements which
entered into the cost of home-made and foreign
iron. I said to them, upon iooking over the list,
did you make sufficient allowance for freights upon
the foreign iron ? "Yes,(said they,) and too great
an allowance; for these steamers often bring iron
almost as ballast. They sometimes bring iron for
little or no freight. They are doing this business
to an extent which becomes annoying to us."
Now, I wish to know, if we go into this system of
bounties by which wearetopaythe owners of these
steamers for their losses, and enable them to carry
freight and passengers upon their, own terms,
if they will not bring goods into New York for a
less price than they can be carried, at the same
speed, anywhere else. Will Philadelphia have an
equal chance—will Baltimore have an equal chance
in the great business «of importation ? Why, sup-
pose this Government were to pass a law saying
they would pay out of the Treasury the freight
upon all goods brought to New York, would they
not all go there? Or suppose they should pass a
law, not going to that extent, but still a great way,
saying we will not pay the whole, but we will
pay the half, would we not be giving a preponder-
ant advantage to New York ? Would we not be
placing her in such a position that no other city
could rival or enter into competition with her for
the foreign trade ? What is it that we propose to
do ? Why, sir, twice a week two of these im-
mense steamers leave the port of New York load-
ed with freights to be carried, partly at the Gov-
ernment expense, and twice a week they enter it.
An American and an English steamer kept up by
a system of government bounties—liept up by
government assistance—so that they may actual-
ly carry freights cheaper than vessels that move
i by sails, or steam-vessels that would be started by
| private enterprisfe. They would thus make one,
! hundred and four trips a year. Does any one sup-
j pose this would not have a serious effect, not only
' as between the different cities, but as between diP
ferent interests in'the community? How will it
affect the vessels that move by sails ? Nay, will it
not prevent our creating a steam marine of the
kind which might be self-supporting and self-sus-
taining- ?
I see it stated that there is a scheme already
i to get up steam-propeller merchant ships, using
the screw as an auxiliary to run between Liver-
pool and New York. But how can they run?
How can they be sustained, when the United
; States Government and the English Government
interfere, to enable their paddle-wheel steamers,
which are fleeter, to carry in less time the same
| commodities at the same rates ? If you want to
1 get up a steam navy,get up a steam marine; and
( if you want to get up a steam marine, leave it
where you leave your other commercial marine.
[ Leave it where you leave the ships that move by
sails. Leave it to a free competition. I have no
doubt, that if you were to do that, a steam marine
li would spring up upon self-supporting principles;
!j such a one as every American heart might rejoice
! in and be proud of. But I see nothing to gratify
jj national pride in such bungling legislation as this,
j which would keep up, at an immense expense, a
I; kind of steamers alike unsuitable for naval and
jj for commercial purposes, and having a tendency
! to keep down those which would suit the de-
mands of trade, and be started by private enter-
prise, if the Government did not interfere.
Now, Mr. President, I acknowledge (and it was
a matter which escaped nie when T was allnding
to the sectional views of the matter) that New
York has natural advantages which the Govern-
ment should recognize, and which 1 would be the
very last man to refuse her. 1 believe that such
a line of commercial steamers could be sustained
at New York by the profits on freight and passen-
gers and postages alone; and I would give the
postages to these steamers, not only there, but
elsewhere. I believe that the effect of this system
would be that, for some time to come, we should
have steam lines from New York only. But that
would be a temporary advantage to which she
would be fairly entitled. It would result from her
position, from her population, from her wealth.
I believe that every place and every city ought to
