1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2109
I understood him to say that it is admitted on all
hands that, there is no legal or equitable claim upon
the Government for the amountof these contracts.
The first part of the proposition is true. It is ad-
mitted on all hands that there ia no legal claim;
but I, for one, do not admit that there may not be
some equitable claim upon this Government for
these ^800,000 which have been presented. There
may be some equitable claim, and hence the ne- ■
cessity of the inquiry. This transaction of the |
commissioners may be surrounded by circumstan-
ces which may show that they saw it was neces-
sary, in order to save their brethren, their wives,
and their children from slaughter, to make con-
tracts; and if so, and those contracts did answer
that purpose, and it was apparent to every reason-
able man on the ground, that it was not and could
not have been known here, I ask honorable Sen-
ators whether there is not an equitable claim to
pay the value of the property taken to save the
lives of our citizens? May it not be so? No one
here is prepared to say that it is not so; and is it
not reasonable that we should investigate that
matter ?
My friend from Arkansas anticipates the record,
and speaks of the merits of the question, in rela-
tion to which we are not advised. Senators seem
anxious to dispose of this, as if it were an ordi-
nary case. The Senator from Arkansas says,
let the parties present their claim. Why, sir,
claims to the amount of $800,000 have already
been presented. The Senator from Arkansas
says, Why institute an inquiry as to who has the
claims? We know who hold them already; we
know who are the holdersof claims to the amount
of $800,000, which have been presented here.
We all admit that the claims are not legal ones.
The question then is, is it expedient and proper
now that we should investigate the side of the
Government, and appoint an agent for that pur-
pose? That it would be not only profitable to the
Government, but right and just to all concerned,
I have not the slightest doubt.
Mr. PRATT. It certainly requires no investi-
gation on the side of the Government. The Gov-
ernment rests upon the instructions which she
gave her agents. She could only be bound coex-
"tensively with those instructions. I submit,
therefore, to my friend from Mississippi, that the
side of the Government certainly requires no in-
vestigation.
The Senator says that he can imagine a case
which will produce an equitable claim for these
^800,000. He says that amount might have been
expended to avoid bloodshed, and that in that
case there would have been an equitable claim.
Now, I think that the facts stated by my colleague
in his first speech are conclusive evidence that no
such state of things existed. He stated that the
President, after an investigation of the illegal ex-
ercise of authority upon the part of the commis-
sioners, rebuked them; tint one was forced to re-
sign, and that another was turned out. If there
did exist a necessity for this expenditure to avoid
bloodshed, we all know the President of the Uni-
ted States too well not to know that he would not
have turned out these men if there had been any
plausibility in their allegation. He has not been
apt to turn out either friends or foes. He cer-
tainly never turned out any one without investi-
gation; and he would not have condemned the
course of these commissioners if there had been
any plausibility in their allegation that their acts
were produced by the necessity of avoiding an In-
dian war. Therefore we have irresistibly before
us proof that, the state of facts upon which some
Senators rely did not exist.
Mr. PEARCE. My colleague is mistaken in
supposing that I said that the President rebuked
these commissioners. I said that they had been re-
buked,but by the Commissioner of Indian Affairs.
I did not say that the President had rebuked them.
I have found the letter to which I adverted a mo-
ment ago, from which I wish to read an extract.
It is a letter from Mr. Barbour, dated January 5,
1852, in which he says:
" The plan fur our future opertions wag duly communi-
cated to youi Department. We found the Indians at open
war with the whites m many parts of the State; and with
but few exceptions, I believe m the southern portion of the
State, (that portion subsequently assigned tome,) they were
hostile, and the war between them and the whites charac-
terized by those acts of rapine and murder usual in Indian
warfare. The country called for some iclief from such a
state of affairs; the miners had been driven from the gold
Rimes, and every day almost some outrage or injury was
done to the person or property of the citizens, and in return !
many of the Indians were killed, and their stores of pro- ! j
visions destroyed." * I]
This letter was dated January 5,1852, and Mr. ! i
Barbour left California, I believe, in the fall of
1851, with a portion of the treaties in his posses-
sion. He was delayed some time on the Isthmus,
as I understand, by tlie loss of his baggage. He
finally came to New Orleans, from which place he
went to Kentucky, the State of his residence.
Prom that State he addressed to the Commissioner
of Indian Affairs the letter from which I have read
an extract. That is the first official information,
so far as I know, that was communicated to the
Government that there was any danger of Indian
hostilities in California.
Mr. WELLER. I ought, perhaps, in justice
to the commissioners, to say that it was claimed
by them throughout, not only in the correspond-
ence but in California, in justification of their
action, that these contracts were indispensable to
avoid hostilities on the part of the Indians. They
say that a great deal of bad feeling had been gotten
up between the citizens of the State of California
and the Indians, and that by making these con-
tracts and supplying the Indians with food they
averted hostilities. 1 know that that is claimed
by them, and it is for that reason I am not pre-
pared to say that the Indian commissioners did
no good act.
1 was opposed to the ratification of the treaties,
because they retained a great many reservations
for the Indians in the midst of the white popula-
tion. A great many of these reservations were
made in the northern section of the State, on min-
eral lands; and I knew that it would be utterly
impossible to secure to the Indians the undisturbed
possession of the reservations proposed to be set
off to them. That was one reason, and a very
strong one, which influenced me in voting against
the ratification of those treaties. But that the In-
dian commissioners, in many of their operations,
acted m good faith, I do not doubt. I have no
doubt whatever that they supposed there was im-
minent danger of an Indian war. It is claimed
by them that none of the tribes of Indians, with
which they entered into treaties, gave the citizens
of California any trouble during the last year.
During the latter part of last year, we were con-
stantly involved in difficulties with the Indians,
and our State has been subjected to an immense
expenditure in meeting those Indian difficulties.
It is affirmed by the commissioners that none of
the difficulties took place between the citizens of
California and those tribes with which negotia-
tions were had. I confess I am not in possession
of the necessary information to enable me to de-
j cide whether this be true or not, but I am inclined
! to the opinion that, to a certain extent, it is true;
and that very few of the Indians with whom they
negotiated, and to whom they dehveied food,gave '
the citizens of California any difficulty during the !
past year. It may, therefore, be possible that the |
General Government, if, in the end, it should be i
compelled to pay the §800,000, may have saved j
more than that, amount by not being compelled to I
lefund to the Slate of California money which that
State would otherwise have expended in meeting'
those hostilities.
Now, sir, there is no doubt about this, that al-
though there may have been individuals sent into
that country who have transcended their author-
ity, and made contracts against the wishes of the
Department, there can still be found some honest
man in that country to investigate into the matter.
My friend from North Carolina seems to think
that because three or four men who have been
sent out there have engaged in improper transac-
tions, and transcended their authority, it is there-
fore impossible to find an honest man there, but
that the very moment he breathes the atmosphere
of California he becomes a rogue. Why, I could
guaranty to my friend from Nojth Carolina that
he could go there, spend a whole year, and come
back as honest a man as he is now. I undertake
to say further that there are just as many honest
and intelligent men in the State of California, who
have breathed the atmosphere of the Pacific coast
for the last two years, as call be found in the State
which he represents.
He seems to take it for granted that the whole
population of California are interested in these
contracts, and that the very mompnt your agent,
sent out under the authority,of this law, got there,
such a clamor would be raised by the population
of California about his ears that he would fall
under its malign influence, and, like gome others
who have been s&nt out, turn out to be a rogue.
I suppose that there are not more than fifty men
in the whole State of California who are interested
in these claims. It is well known that the beef
was supplied by gentlemen who owned extensive
tracts of country, and who owned immense herds
of cattle. The beef was furnished by them. The
great body of the people of California had no in-
terest in the matter; but a very large majority of
them were opposed to these treaties. They were
opposed to the transactions of these commission-
ers; and my word for it, so far from the man who
may be sent out having improper influences
brought to bear upon him, in order to induce him
to report in favor of these contracts, the clamor
will be the other way. He will find himself sur-
rounded by men who are denouncing the com-
missioners and the contracts which they have
made. There is no danger to be apprehended on
that head. If I were to undertake to designate,
1 could name many men in California who have
sufficient knowledge and intelligence to reportupon
the facts, as to the manner in which the commis-
sioners transacted the public business.
1 agree with my friend from Michigan, that this
is a most extraordinary case. It is the first time,
in the history of the Government, where an agent
who was sent out with limited power to draw to
the amount of $25,000 or $50,000, has undertaken
to make contracts which will exeeed §1,000,000;
but, nevertheless, the act has been done. It has
been done by the agents of the Government. They
have procured the property of the citizens of Cali-
fornia, who supposed that they were authorized
to make these treaties. Thosecitizens surrendered
their property in good faith, and-at some day they
will be asking Congress,as a matter of justice and
equity, to pay them for their property thus fur-
nished.
I shall not undertake to repeat what I have
heard in regard to this question, because there is
a great deal said which is not true; and I have, in
my own past history, a striking illustration of the
fact that you cannot always rely on the news-
papers. But there are many charges made against
the Indian commissioners, which ought to be in-
vestigated before we can decide upon any of these
claims. That some claims will appeal so strongly
to the justice and equity of Congress, as to im-
press on the minds of honorable gentlemen the
necessity of paying them, I have not the slightest
doubt; but, m order to discriminate, you must
have some person with power to investigate.
Mr. BELL. Mr. President, I shall not pro-
long this debate by noticing the points which have
been alluded to, further than in one slight respect.
I want to make a suggestion to the friends of
this proposition, with regard to the form of it.
As the amendment now stands, it proposes to
appropriate §10,000, under the direction of the
Secretary of the Interior, to make this investiga-
tion. JNow, 1 think that if we make the appro-
priation, we ought to make it as effective as pos-
sible. The objection stated by the honorable
Senator from North Carolina had occurred to me,
and I mentioned it to a Senator near me. If an
officer of the Government was to select a particu-
lar agent of known character and ability and send
him to investigate these claims, no man would
undertake it for any compensation that could be
be given under the appropriation of $10,000.
Very few men of competent character would
undertake it voluntarily any how, for any com-
pensation you could give. Very few would be
willing to go from this country to California; and
in California it would be a very invidious task to
select an individual. But still I doubt not that
there are competent gentlemen who would under-
take it for some reasonable compensation.
I think we ought to extend the sphere of au-
thority which we are communicating to the Gov-
ernment. We ought to change the phraseology
of the amendment in such a manner as to make it
read, " to enable the President to cause investiga-
tion" of the circumstances under which these ex-
traordinary claims against the Government have
originated. All admit that it is almost unparalleled
in the history of the Government. It is worthy
the consideration and attention of the highest Ex-
ecutive officer. The Secretary of the Interior
might be altogether competent in that respect; but
