334
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 21,
say now, as I have said before, that both as a
member of the House of Representatives and as a
member of this body , I have never given any votes
kwith more satisfaction than those which I have
l^iven to accord to the new States of this Union
that sort of cooperation .and assistance which is
comprised in bills of this character, by which we
do not surrender one dollar from the public Treas-
ury, for we obtain an equivalent by these conces-
sions in the enhanced price of the reserved lands.
When I give such votes, I believe that I am not
only advancing the prosperity of the new States of
the Union, but that I am contributing to the pros-
perity of the whole country. Every appropriation
of this character which is made, conduces not only
to build up the West and the East, the Atlantic
States and the middle States, but moreover to en-
hance the resources of the Government itself; for
my honorable friend from Virginia [Mr. Hunter]
knows very well that the resources of the Govern-
ment do not depend upon the amount we actually
collect into the Treasury, upon the dollars and
cents we bring to the public coffers, but upon the
ability of the people of the country to submit to
taxation. Now we have the hour of prosperity.
Now the taxes laid on the people are light. But
the hour may come when we shall be involved in
war, when the condition of the country will be
such that we shall have to call upon the people to
go to the full extent of their ability in. supporting
taxation to meet the exigencies of the country and
of the Government. Sir, in opening these rail-
roads, we not only provide for facilitating the
transportation of the mail, and of troops and mu-
nitions of war, but we enhance the wealth of the
country, and we increase its population and its
tax paying capacity, and therefore place ourselves
in a condition to'meet any exigencies in which the
country and the Government may be involved,
particularly on the occasion of war, which i trust
is very remote.
I will not dwell on this subject. I shall vote
with cheerfulness for this bill. The only doubt I
have in regard to this entire matter is, as to whether
the country is not running too fast in constructing
railroads, whether there is not some danger of our
embarking more capital m this sort of enterprise
than the country can afford, and whether there is
not some danger of involving ourselves in a rail-
road convulsion similar to that which occurred in
England a few years since. If I have any hesita-
tion whatever in regard to these appropriations, it
is based on this consideration. I should much
have preferred that my friends from Iowa should
have consented to take the appropriation for one
of these railroads at the present session and post-
pone that for the other railroad until a future day.
But there is a great deal of propriety in the remark
of my friend, that so far as one of the railroads is
concerned, that from Keokuck to Dubuque, there
is danger that the lands will be exhausted and
taken up by the bill which we have passed making
Hind warrants assignable, to which, by the way, I
was utterly opposed. With regard to the other
railroad, extending entirely across the State to
Council Bluffs, it is very well known that it passes
over a very large portion of the State not now in
course of settlement. 1 should have preferred it,
then, if my honorable friends had consented to
take an appropriation for one railroad, as I appre-
hend that the finances and business of the country
may be exposed to some danger of a revulsion by
reason of over-action and over-expenditure in this
business of building railroads. But I am for the
general policy, and shall vote cheerfully for this
bill, and for all other bills of this character, unless
I am restrained by the single consideration to
which I have referred. I am opposed to the mis-
erable practice of giving away the public lands. I
am for holding them in our hands, and dispensing
them for great and beneficent objects of national
importance. With them I am for building rail-
roads and canals, and for endowing seminaries;
but I am not for dissipating them in the deplorable
manner we did when we passed the bill giving
bounty lands to I know not how many, perhaps
to one half of the country. By that act there were
a great many millions of dollars in a very great
degree thrown away, and yet after you have given
them the recipients come here and tell you that the
gift is not worth accepting unless they can have
the privilege of taking the warrants into the market
and selling them for a mere song. If that immense
amount in the aggregate could have been reserved
and. appropriated to objects of this character, it
would have been a source of much benefit to the
country.
I did not intend to address the Senate on this
subject. I did believe that, after the expression of
opinion and sentiment which we have had, discus-
sion was unnecessary. If, however, any Senator
desires to have this bill postponed for the purpose
of giving it further consideration, I shall vote to
postpone.it, although I shall unhesitatingly vote
for the bill itself.
Mr. DAYIS. I do not rise for the purpose of
entering into any discussion of the merits of this
bill. I understood this to be a bill intended to
serve as a guide hereafter, and to be followed in
other cases; it therefore seemed to me that it
should be properly considered, and that its pro-
visions should be such as should be satisfactory.
In answer to my objection that two hundred feet
is an unnecessary quantity, and may prove an
embarrassment, the Senator from Connecticut
says, it is an incorporeal right—that the grant is
really nothing but a grant of the right of way—of
the light of having a track. Now, let me ask the
gentleman, whether the easement granted does
not extend to one portion of the two hundred feet
as much as to another? and if the coterminous
proprietors of lands are not precluded from the
enjoyment of any part of these two hundred feet?
If, for example, tne land of a gentleman is one
hundred feet from this road, is he not required to
erect all his buildings and improvements at that
distance, although his lands come within one hun-
dred feet of the track? Let me say.to the Sena-
tor, that this will be found to be very inconveni-
ent, both to the proprietors of the lands and to the
proprietors of the road. My own impression is,
that it embarrasses all parties; and that is the pre-
cise thing which I wish gentlemen most interested
in the bill to consider. I wish them to look at it
and see whether, instead of this being a useful
provision, it does not embarrass everybody. So
far as my observations have extended, people
who have lands coterminous with a railroad, are
desirous of bringing their places of business as
near to the track as they can. They desire to en-
joy the road with as little expense and inconve-
nience as possible. If a man was about to build
a place of business, the last idea that would enter
his head would be to place it one hundred feet
from the track of the road, if he wished to avail
himself of its advantages. I think the provision
is attended with inconvenience everywhere; but it
is manifest that the easement goes to the whole
two hundred feet. As it extends to the v^hole
two hundred feet, it precludes persons having
lands adjoining the road from enjoying the benefit
of the road without great inconvenience.
I hope gentlemen do not suppose that I have
rise-i for the purpose of interposing any captious
objection to this measure, or for the purpose of
embarrassing it in any way. I think that that
portion of the bill to which I have drawn atten-
tion should be examined, in order that it may be
ascertained whether it will or will not be attended
with inconvenience. Besides, I do not understand
that there is any provision in the bill, limiting the
time within which this road is to be commenced.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. Yes, sir; it is limited
to ten years.
Mr. DAVIS. In order that we may have an
opportunity of looking into the details of this bill,
as it is to be made a model bill, I move that the
Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate ad-
journed.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, January 21, 1852.
iThe House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
b& the Chaplain, Rev. Mr. Morgan.
i ^ jThe Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
ASSIGNABILITY OF LAND WARRANTS.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the consideration of the joint resolution No. 1,
heretofore reported from the select committee, to
which the same was referred, with an amendment
explanatory of the act of 1850 granting to certain
officers and soldiers bounty land, &c.; the pending
question being on the motion submitted by the gen-
tleman from Indiana, [Mr. Dunham,] to commit
the said joint resolution and pending amendments
to the Committee of the Whole House on the
state of the Union, and on which question the gen-
tleman from Indiana [Mr* Fitch] is entitled to th6
floor.
Mr. PITCH. I have been requested to yield
the floor for the purpose of going into Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, to take
up the Mexican indemnity bill. But after the
character of the debate of yesterday, no benefit
would result from my doing so; though, if I sup-
posed debate would be closed upon that bill, and
it could be disposed of to-day, 1 should yield wil-
lingly.
Mr. Speaker, upon the bill now under consider-
ation, which was reported by my colleague, [Mr.
Dunham,] I desire to say but a few words. In-
deed, the objections which I entertain to that bill
have been so ably urged by others as to preclude
the necessity of saying much more. The bill
purports to be an act amendatory of an act grant-
ing bounty lands to certain officers and soldiers
engaged in the military service of the United
States, and for other purposes.
I confess, sir, that 1 am astonished upon reading
this bill that it should have emanated from the
source from whence it came, for I believe that of
all the members upon this floor the chairman
of the committee [Mr. Dunham] who reported
it is usually the last gentleman who could be
charged with inaccuracies in the business which
falls under his charge. He is, perhaps, ordinarily,
as correct in legislative matters as any other gen-
tleman here. This bill, however, notwithstanding
his general accuracy, is a very crude and imper-
fect one,—a fact of which my colleague [Mr.
Dunham] is doubtless as well satisfied now as any
one else. The proof of this crudeness and imper-
fection may be found in the bill itself, ancPin the
remarks of the chairman when he introduced it.
After hearing the debate of Thursday, and in view
of the diversity of opinion developed by that de-
bate in the committee from which the bill came, it
is a matter of surprise that any bill could be re-
ported from it: and if any, certainly we could
expect none other than one of the mongrel char-
acter of this.
The first section of the bill, as it stands, is
highly objectionable. These objections may be
obviated m part by the amendment which the
chairman himself proposes—an amendment which
he so singularly explained on Thursday, by as-
sailing other members of the committee. But
whether that section be so modified as to obviate
its objectionable features or not, I consider its
passage totally unnecessary. We have already
passed, in this House, a bill making these war-
rants assignable. That bill is probably before
this time engrossed, with amendments, in the other
end of the Capitol, and will soon become a law.
The chairman of the committee, [Mr. Dunham,]
when he introduced the bill, advocated this first
section as it is. But when he introduced the
amendment, he, by implication, opposed it in its
present shape, by advocating that amendment.
Mr. DUNHAM. The gentleman is mistaken.
I did not advocate that section when I introduced
it. I only explained it.
Mr. FITCH. Does the gentleman desire that
I should read his remarks upon this section?
Mr. DUNHAM. I have no objection. I op-
posed that section when 1 introduced the bill.
Mr. FITCH. Perhaps my colleague's advo-
cacy of that section was that of a lawyer in court,
who feels it his duty to make the best of the case
for his client; entertaining certain mental reserva-
tions, however—private opinions as to the moral
character and guilt of that client, which he does
not see proper to express to the jury.
The gentleman says he opposed that section
when he introduced the bill. In this he is mis-
taken. He did oppose it when he introduced the
amendment, and thus eat his own words—his own
previous argument. I shall therefore pay no fur-
ther attention to his argument in favor of this sec-
tion. I will leave that Janus-faced argument to
neutralize itself.
The second section of the bill provides for com-
pensating registers and receivers of landofficesfor
the location of bounty land warrants. This is, in
my opinion, the most important section in the
bill, considering the fact that we have already
passed a bill making land warrants assignable. It
recognizes the justice and necessity of paying those
officers, in some manner, for the labor and trouble
