1246
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 5,
, enjoy the advantages which fairly and naturally
belong to her. ,
I am not, therefore, giving up the undisputed
supremacy on the seas to Great Britain. I am not
for destroying the chances of a steam marine. On
the contrary, I am in favor of those principles,
and of that system which would enable us^most
surely and most certainly, to build up a commer-.
■tied steam marine upon self-supporting principles.
I therefore protest against being held responsible
for those conclusions from my arguments which
the Senator froni New York [Mr. Seward] chose
to draw from them. Sir, I will not agree to be
responsible for any man's conclusions from my
premises or from my arguments. I am responsi-
ble for my own, and I support my views of the
case, not 'for the purpose of sweeping American
ships from the ocean, but for the purpose of placing
them more surely, more safely, and more certainly
there. It is true, I do not believe in this protect-
ive system. I never did.' I see no more reason
why we should protect a steam engine because it
floats, than we should protect one which is sta-
tionary in a factory.
If I have succeeded in stripping this scheme of
the pretenses that these ships are fit for war pur-
poses. or - that we would be justified in anything
like such an expenditure for post-office purposes,
I have shown that it is nothing more nor less than
a naked proposition to maintain a steam line by a
system of bounties. 1 know that the Senator from
New York relied upon a letter from Commodore
Perry, to prove that these ships might be converted
into war steamers. If that letter is to be inter-
preted as he interpreted it, then 1 discredit Com-
modore Perry as a witness by his own testimony,
which I have read; and I could have read stili
more. But I have no idea that Commodore Perry
meant to say that, in the true technical sense of
the term, these could ever be converted into war
steamers. He meant that they could be used for
temporary purposes; that they could be used to
transport supplies and troops. I have no idea
that he could have meant that they can be con-
verted into real, effective war steamers, when he
wrote the letter which has been read. I have no
idea of it,- because I presume that Commodore
Perry has consistent opinions; and I find, upon
sifting the testimony of naval men, of officers both
in England and in this country, that when they
talk of these commercial steamers being used for
war purposes, they mean only for temporary ser-
vices; they mean for coast defense, for they all say
that you could not send them abroad; that you
could not send them far to sea, as their coals
would soon be exhausted. The naval officers all
say that you cannot trust them for war purposes,
because they cannot carry, in proportion to their ,
size, armament enough. You could only use '
them at home, and for purposes of mere coast de-
fense. Now, I submit that, situated as we are,
we are under no necessity of establishing, by a
system of steam monopolies and bounties, and at
such an expense, a commercial marine for that
purpose. AVe but. embarrass them by the war
feature, and we injure ourselves by attempting to j
substitute them for war steamers. ;
But the Senator from New York was not con- .
tent with arraying living testimony against me.
Like another Witch of Endor, he called the dead
prophet to the stand. By some touch of his nec- ,
romantic art, he transported us nearly a century
back, and called up Edmund Burke to astonish
the world once more with the wonderful range of;
his vision into the dark and distant future. But,
sir, I must admit, that upon that occasion he j
showed more courage than Saul, and more pres- ;
ence of mind than the Witch of Endor; for while ;
he had his prophet up, he made good use of him. j
I have examined that vision, and the best descrip- <
tion I can give of it is, that the Senator made him
prophesy very nearly the whole of what is con-
tained in one of our annual documents on " Com-
merce and Navigation." But he did not give the
whole of it. I also have seen a version of that
prophecy.—of that vision. The modesty of the
Senator from New York forbade him to give the
that he can think as I would have thought, and
that he speaks as 1 would have spoken; and lie
will establish before the world his title to the char-
acter of the American Edmund Burke."
Kir, 1 thought it but an act of justice to the Sen-
ator to give the suppressed passage; for I am sure
it was only his modesty that prevented him from
reading it. [Laughter.]
There was one point, however, on which I
would have been greatly gratified" if we could
have had a little further information from the one
or the other Burke; and that is, I should have been
delighted if either of them would have toid us
what the Collins line is to cost the Government
of the United States before we are done with it.
Why, unless weget this information, 1 shall think
the Senator from New York is but an expost facto
prophet after all, for the mam, the materia] point,
is unanswered.
The Senator from New York was kind enough
to excuse me for my opposition to this amend-
ment. He says that my position on the Finance
Committee, and my habit of watching appropria-
tion bills have narrowed my mind. Indeed, he
says it has that effect generally on persons placed
on that committee. If that is the case, it ought to
be used as a sort of school of psactice. I know of
some two or' three Senators here who might have
need of it. I have afnend from North Carolina,
who ought to be put forthwith at the head oi that
committee, if it would have any such eifect.
[Laughter.]
W ell, Mr. President, if I had ever been elevated
to that region wheie reigns a law higher than the
Constitution, higher than the objects for which it
was formed, and higher than the principles on
which it is founded,! do not know but that 1
might have enjoyed a horizon as extensive as that
over which the delighted vision of the Senator
from New York roamed with so much self-com-
placency. Peihaps if 1 could see more, like him
1 should want more. But as I do not look beyond
the pale of the Constitution for the field of my
political exertions, I am content to look within it
for their objects. In point of fact, however, we
belong to different political schools. Different I
Ay, sir, opposite schools. There is a class of
politicians, 1 know, who believe that individuals
are incapable of attending to their interests; who
believe that industrial systems have no capacity
of self-development; but that it is the duty of Gov-
ernment to infoim the one and direct the other; who
believe, not that the course of the Government
should be directed by the will and the intelligence
of the people, but that the course of individuals
should be directed by the Government; who are
restless unless they are doing something, and who
think they are doing nothing unless they arrest
the course of nature, and disturb the natural flow
of events; men who have long since come to the
conclusion at which Washington Irving said the
good people of Connecticutonce arrived, who, ac-
cording to him, determined to abide by the laws
of God until they could make better for them-
selves.
Sir, I belong to a very different, and to an op-
posite school." If that Government is best which
is sell-developed by the genius of the people,out
of the workings of their own peculiar interests,
I belieie that, of human characters, those are
strongest which are self-inspired; whose steel
is tempered in the internal fires of that forge
whose secret beatings are known only to Him
who owns it, and to Him who made it. 1 believe
that the industrial systems rest upon a broader,
firmer, and a more secure basis, when they are
developed by the suggestions of individual inter-
est, und directed under the conservative checks of
a free and universal competition. 1 go further.
I believe that if society would make a progress
which shall be at once rapid and safe, it must throw
open all the prizes of lite, whether of profit or of
honor, whether of fortune or of fame, free to a gen-
eral and universal competition; and that the ge-
nius of our people, and the character of our institu-
tions, especially require, in awarding these prizes,
that " detur digniori" should be our motto. Let
whole of it. I can repeat it to you, sir; not like 1 the best and worthiest take them, lknow that
y  -tvt v .... ~ ao eKnrn nrtrl imnartsj n atovntn* ^ossf
the Senator from New York, in the very words of
Edmund Burke, but ( can give you the substance. :
It concluded somehow thus:
"And on the 27th of April, there shall appear ;
in the Senate of the United States a man from j
New York who shall prove to their satisfaction !
this makes sharp work and imparts a sterner cast
to the conflicts of life; but 1 know of no other
mode by which the advancing column of society
will be led by those who are fittest to lead it. Sir,
I know that under such a guidance, and under the
impulses which sometimes prevail, it will occa-
sionally strike off at a fearful pace; that the timid
will shrink, and that the fearful will faint under
the heat of the march. But these are the accidents
and the chances of life. In the words of divine
command, " Let the dead bury their dead." The
word is forward and onwaid, the mighty column
marches far away into the future, behind whose
inscrutable shadows lie concealed the secrets of
human destiny.
Sir, I believe that the administration of our
Government must be based upon some principle
as wide and as just as this,or that our experiment
will be a failure. I believe that if weundeitake
to protect, to foster, and sustain every interest, this
Government will become one vast jobbing concern;
that temptations will besetour legislation until cor-
ruption becomes the order of the day; and that the
centialization of power will go on here, until
nothing shall be left to the States, and but little to*
the people. I believe that in a country so large
as ours, with interests so vast, society must work
muchofitsown machinery;and that then,what will
be necessarily left for us to do, will be full as much
as'a free representative Government can possibly
manage. If we go further, and insist upon taking
more subjects under our charge, in such a country
as this, to accomplish it we shall require a higher
degree of centralization, and a more refined and
despotic system of organization.
1 know that these views may seem narrow and
poor to those who believe that it is the duty of
Government to attend to everything, to sustain
and support every interest; and who believe that
they are doing good when they attempt it. But I
would appeal to them, to the most considerate and
experienced amongst them, when they come to
make a calm retrospect, to say whether they do
not find that, in nine cases out of ten, when they
interfered for such purposes, tliey have failed in
their expectations, in their generous aspirations,
if you will, after the good of their race.
They may call it a protection of industry, an
encouragement of enterprise; they do indeed be-
come the artificers of the fortunes of a few; but at
what an expense to the many, whose just claims
are forgotten or overlooked I They satisfy the
demands of importunate capitalists who clamor
around the Treasury door; but it is done at the
expense of the silent millions who toil for their
daily bread, too little heedful of the measure in
which they are taxed or the manner in which the
money thus raised is afterwards distributed.
Mr. RUSK. Mr. President, I do not intend to
trespass on the time of the Senate. If a stranger
had happened to be in the gallery, one who had
not heard what the question was, lie would be very
much astonished to find, after all the admonition
that we have had against monopoly and against
drawing money out of the Treasury, that we have
a company now performing a certain number of
mail trips between Liverpool and New York for
which we pay $385,000 a year, and that the prop-
osiiion now before the Senate was jointly to re-
quire them to perform an increased service for
which,upon the recommendation of the Postmaster
General, we propose to give them $858,000 a year
instead of §385,000 for the service they now per-
form.
Mr. HUNTER. The amendment requires the
performance of twenty-six instead of twenty trips
a year, and the addititonal six trips do not double
the service.
Mr. RUSK. It largely increases the service;
and I see by the statement before me, furnished on
the 15th December last, that they had then only
performed twenty-eight trips or voyages in nearly
two years.
But I simply rose for the purpose of showing
how the British Government act. The Senator
from Virginia has shown to the Senate how some
of these officers talk. It is unnecessary for me to
account for or answer the prejudices which may
have found expression from certain officers of the
British Government or Navy. I propose to read a
paragraph to show how that Government acts;
" The departure of the expedition from Bombay to Ran-
goon, with 6,(Mil troops, for the prosecution of the Burmese
war, furnishes additional evidence, if any were wanting,
of the value of a commercial stpatn marine for the purposes
of naval warfare. The squadron, consisting of five fiisf-
ctass steamers, is intended to force the passage of a river
defended by formidable and extensive fortifications, and of
course it was necessary that it should be heavily armed,
and capable of great endurance. But one of the ships em-
ployed was a steani-fiigate, belonging to the Eoyal Navy ;
the other four were the East India Company's steamers,
