185-2.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
385
of locating these warrants. So far it is right and
proper, but is a mere mockery, in the manner and
extent to which it proposes to compensate them.
I must here briefly call the attention of my col-
league [Mr. Dunham] to a portion of his own re-
marks m relation to this section of the bill, and
upon which I shall take the liberty to comment as
I proceed. " ■
" It may be possible," he says, " that in some
of the offices, labor has been done for which their
fees and salaries have not been an adequate com-
pensation." Not only is that possible, Mr. Speak-
er, but, as my colleague well knows, it is an abso-
lute certainty, because the records of the-returns
of those officers, found in the office of tie Com-
missioner of the General Land Office, prove to a
demonstration that the money which many of
these officers have received is not sufficient to af-
ford any compensation whatsoever for the trouble
necessarily attendant upon these .locations. It
amounts to very little above their salary; and
that salary, as we all know, will n^^feed and
maintain themselves, independent oflR support
of their families.
He says, t: If their case is meritorious, un-
' doubtedly the Congress of the United States will
be disposed to gran^-elief. And further, that
" they are left in tli"same situation as private
claims."
He thus would leave these officers, in each in-
dividual case, to present an application to this
House for relief in the premises; an application
which, of course, like all other applications for
similar •purposes, must be referred to the Commit-
tee of Claims; and it is well known what is gener-
ally the fate of these applications. It is such, that
no gentleman can desire to multiply them. They
regain here generation after generation; in some
instances without any report being made upon
them, and in others with favorable reports, which
are not acted upon.
He proceeds, at the same time, to state that
" they have, in many instances, received almost
the maximum which the law allows them to re-
ceive, without any payment whatever for the lo-
cation of land warrants." But, in truth, they have
not received near that amount. I do not know
from what source the chairman derived the in-
formation with which he thus eglified the House;
but certain it is, that during the five years from
1847 to 1851, both inclusive, if the percentage of all
the different offices had been equally divided, it
would not have given these officers, including their
salary, over $1,000 per annum. But bear in
mind, this percentage was very unequally divided.
Perhaps two or three offices in the State of Indi-
ana approached nearer the maximum than any
others. In fact, it is altogether probable, one
(Fort Wayne) attained that maximum. But it was
owing to peculiar local and temporary causes.
Much of the land within these office districts
was not subject to entry until about the commence-
ment of the period I have mentioned. These lands
previously belonged to the Miami Indians, and
were purchased by the United States at so high a
price, that in selling them the minimum price was
fixed at $2 per acre. They were, moreover, not
subject to entry with land warrants, unless the
warrants were in the hands of the original holders;
and then only on payment of the difference between
the special minimum price and thegeneralminimum
of other lands. These lands were very soon
nearly all disposed of; and the cash sales of these
offices, and of course the percentage from such
sales, have very much diminished; so that they
have not since equaled, by a very considerable
amount, the average of the cash sales of the offices
in other States. The highest yearly amount of
sales, within the five years mentioned, was in 1850;
and the offices in Illinois sold more than those of
any other State; yet the highest percentage there,
even in that year, was but about $600.
T make these brief remarks in relation to the
pay of these officers more for the purpose of elicit-
ing full information, f<?r that information is in the
House, in the possession of one of my colleagues,
than with the hope or expectation of myself im-
parting anything not already known to the House
in relation to the matter.
Mr. DUNHAM. I willfurnish theHouse that
information, if the gentleman desires.
Mr. PITCH. The gentleman tells me that he
will furnish this information to the House. I fear
if he makes the attempt that anything he may im-
part will receive a coloring from his own peculiar j
views and opinions upon the subject, so that the ]
House will not have impartial testimony, as it j
should have to legislate with impartiality. With :
all due respect to the gentleman, I should much 1
prefer that the information should emanate from i
another source, and I know that it is in the pos-
session of another gentleman upon this floor.
My friend [Mr. Dunham] proceeds to remark,
in justification of the proposition to limit the pay i
hereafter, for the location of these warrants, to ,
fifty cents, that there is just as much trouble, and
no more, in locating a forty acre warrant as
there is in locating a one hundred and sixty acre
one. This may be true; yet fifty cents is no com-
pensation for locating m either case, when the
average amount of trouble and extra duty at many
of the offices in making the locations is taken j
into consideration. The labor in fact is quadruple |
that of the ordinary cash sales of land; and the
per cent, which such sales would give is certainly,
small enough compensation for that trouble—small
enough to suit even the professed rigid economy
of the gentleman himself. I may as well antici-
pate an argument which the gentleman will doubt-
less use. He will allege that all the labor and
trouble in these cases are confined to the register,
and that the receiver is not legitimately entitled to
any compensation.
But this is very far from being the case. The
receiver's signature will be found attached three
times to the papers in each case. This, of
course, presupposes an examination of the papers
to which his signature is affixed. He is com-
pelled, moreover, to sign the monthly abstract
and certify to its correctness, and how can he do
this without a laborious examination of the papers
in each case?
The application of these officers for that com-
pensation which all willing to be governed by
justice must acknowledge due them, has been
already made, as is well known, to those who
were members of the last Congress. Our action
for their relief need not, therefore, await that pro-
spective application which the chairman of the
committee appears to contemplate m his opening
remarks.
The application being for that justly due them,
pay should not be withheld, for we have no right
to impose labor upon our officers, duties as oner-
ous as these, or any other duties, without a just
compensation. Look, if you please, Mr. Speaker,
for a moment at the operation upon these offi-
i cers of the law providing for the distribution of
! bounty land warrants, and their location. It im-
poses duties upon the officers which necessarily i
j compel them to clerk hire—a clerk hire sufficient
to absorb their pitiful salary of five hundred
dollars per annum; leaving them entirely without
any perquisites from their office, and depriving j
them, in fact, of that very pay to which they
would be entitled had there been no sales what-
ever; swallowing up the pittance which it is sup-
posed each obtains, whether there be or be not |
entries in his particular office. The chairman of |
this committee very pertinently, as he fancies, j
asks this House if they know what amount will ;
be required to compensate these officers, and give j
them the per cent, which they ask. After having i
admitted in this section that they were entitled to :
compensation, it should never be asked what j
amount is to be paid, if that question is de- !
signed to operate against the payment. The only |
question which should be asked, he has himself j
answered, which question is this, Is the demand ;
just? He has answered that in the affirmative— ,
he has acknowledged the debt—and the amount, I
whatever it may be, should not deter him or this ;
House from its payment. He charges that one 1
member of the committee, the gentleman from j
Illinois, [Mr. Bissell,] was governed in his op- \
position to the bill by motives independent of any
opinion entertained by him relative to the assign-
ability of warrants. He charged that the opposition
of that gentleman grew out of the fact that this
second sectMfcwas not sufficiently comprehensive ;j
, and liberal in its provisions. Well, I grant you, J;
! perhaps the charge is correct; and if so, if that j
was the sole reason actuating the gentleman from j j
Illinois in his opposition to the bill, that reason ,|
was good and sufficient. For this section, as I j;
have already remarked, is the most important one ||
in the bill, and if not properly framed to accom- jj
I plish the object it professes to have m view, his i|
opposition to the entire bill for that sole reason is
justifiable. ■ " •
Section four contains another and" one of Xhe
worst dafects in the bill, and one to which I de-Jfc
: sire to call the attention of the chairman; for if 'ptP ■
| convince no other member of this House, I shall *
| have proved to him that his own hand-work is
| imperfect, scarce decently rough-hewed. Let me
j call his attention for a mdment to this section, and
j to a certain feature in the bill, o^vhich this pro-
! fesses to be amendatory. I havMere the billpro-
viding for the doniUjBj) of bounty land warrants,
approved Septembl^Bo, 1850, and the bill amend-
atory thereto, introduced by my colleague, [Mr.
Dunham.] In the bill of September 30, 1850, is
found the following proviso :
"Provided, That whenever any officer or soldier was
honorably discharged, in consequence of disability in the
service, before the expiration of his period of service, he
shall receive the amount to which lie would have been en-
titled it'fie had served the full period for which he was
engaged to serve."
The object of this proviso is manifest. It is,
that the wounded, who have enlisted or volun-
teered for a given period, but have been discharged
before the termination thereof, in consequence of
wounds, shall be entitled to receive the same
bounty lands to which they would have been en-
titled under the bill if they had served out their
entire period. Compare that provision, for uno-
ment, with' the fourth section of the bill reported
by my colleague, which I will read. Section four
of this bill provides:
"That in computing the term of service of tha officers
and soldiers of militia, volunteers and rangers, for the pur-
poses ot this act, or of the act of which tins act is explan-
atory, sueh term shall be computed from the time they were
mustered into the seiviee of, and paid by the United States,
to the tune they were di&cliaiged theitrfronl."
Thus cutting off many of the most meritorious
class of those for whose benefit the law of 1850
was designed from any bounty whatever; because
there are many instances where citizens volun-"
teered or enlisted for a specified time, and were
wounded within the first thirty days of the term
of their enlistment, and discharged in consequence
of those wounds. But this amendatory act would
deprive all of this class of the bounty to which, of
all men, they are most entitled. This feature of
the bill I look upon as the most crude and imper-
fect—but the result rather of carelessness than
design; for I cannot believe that my colleague, or
any other member of the committee, would be
willing to do injustice to that class embraced in the
proviso, of those for whose benefit the original
act was intended.
The sixth section also contains a defective fea-
ture, and one to which, if 1 am not mistaken, the
1 attention of my colleague was early called. It is
found in the latter partof the section, and provides
that the warrants " may be located upon any lands
of the United States subject to private entry at
the time of such location." I am not sure but
there is a pending amendment to this section.
Mr. DUNHAM. There is an amendment, by
adding thereto the words, " at $1 25 per acre,®'
or to that effect. *
Mr. FITCH. Then this section, if the amend-
ment is adopted, is free from any objection of the
character which I was about to urge. My objec-
tion to the section as first reported, had no refer-
ence to the permission given to locate warrants on
any Government land, wherever situated, if the
same permission had been extended to all war-
rants; but to the fact, that it would crea.te a dis-
tinction in favor of these warrants, and against
those issued for the benefit of those who served in
the Mexican war; whereas they should be placed
upon the same footing.
There are other objections, which I designed to
urge when the bill first came up, but which, as I
have already remarked, have been ably stated by
other members, and I certainlyjhall not go over
the same ground. There are Mil others, by no
one yet mentioned, part of which may lie mis-
prints; for we cannot presume that this committee
would report a bill, professing to be amendatory
of another act, and insert references to provisions
in that act, and clauses of the act, which have no
existence. The last section contains a reference
to a proviso ill the second section of the original
act, which section has no proviso whatever. This
I say may be a misprint, and I submit to my col-
league that he had better declare the whole bill a
misprint, in view of tlie defects with which it
