1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1247
appertaining to a mail line like our own Atlantic and Pacific
lines, and constructed upon similar ptineiples for a similar
purpose. Orders arrived at Bombay, on the 20thof Pohiu-
arV, to convert them at once into war-steamers. This was
accomplished, and they weie submitted to the inspection
of the Governor General m three day4!. On the 24th they
set &ail. One of them, the Feroze. is particularly men-
tioned. She was a vessel of 1,500 tons burden, and was
taken dircotly off her route, armed with a heavy battery of
8-inch pivot guns, and every requisite alteration made in
less than" three days. Another of the same size was in
dock, and was got in readiness with equal celerity; and all
of them were pronounced by the naval authorities on the
station as strong and efficient as any ship-j of their cla.^* in
the regular service, and aa readily capable of bein? fitted
for.the purposes required as any m the navy-yards of Great
Britain. The only difference between the East India mail
steamers and our own is, that the latter, with equal strength
and capabilities for adaptation, aie faster and of gi eater
burden."
Mr. HUNTER. Can the gentleman inform
me whether those steamers are screw or side-
wheel steamers?
Mr. RUSK. They are side-wheel steamers.
Mr. HUNTER. My impression was that they
were screw steamers.
Mr. RUSK. - If the Senator had pushed his in-
vestigations as to the relative advantages of the
side-wheel and screw steamers, he would, I think,
have found that the English Government are now
converting their sailing ships into steamers?. A
sailing vessel, built for war purposes, cannot be
converted into a side-wheel steamer; but it can, I
understand, at very little cost and expense, be con-
verted into a screw propeller. That is what the
Senator will find at the bottom of the cry m Eng-
land about the advantages-of screw steamers.
When the experiment comes to be made, I think
it has been found that about six miles an hour is
the average speed that can be made by screw-pro-
pellers.
• Mr. JAMES. Mr. President, I have some re-
marks that I would like to make on the subject,
now before the Senate; but at this hour I would
prefer not to go on until to-morrow.
Several Senators. Move an Executive session.
Mr. JAMES. J move to postpone the further
consideration of the subject until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE BUSINESS.
On the motion of Mr. JAMES, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of Executive business,
and after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, May 5, 1852.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Rev. C. M. Butler.
The Journal of yesterday was read andapproved.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order is
the consideration of the report of the Committee
on Printing.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York, obtained the
unanimous consent of the House, and presented
resolutions of the Legislature of the State of New
York, instructing the Senators and requesting the
Representatives from that State to urge upon Con-
gress the propriety of making grants of land, upon
some equal and just principle of appropriation, to
all the States, for the purpose of education, and
for other useful public purposes, having due regard
to the grants already made, and the population of
the respective States; which were laid upon the
table and ordered to be printed.
Mr. STRATTON, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill, of which previous notice had been
given, for thp relief of John L. Cooper; which
was read a first and second time by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. FOWLER, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented the following resolutions of the Legislature
of the State of Massachusetts; which were sever-
ally disposed of as indicated below:
1. Resolution in favor of an appropriation by
the General Government to construct a ship-canal,
three fourths of a mile in length, around the Falls
of Sault Ste. Marie, in the State of Michigan.
Referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
2. Resolution in favor of full and adequate in-
demnities to American citizens, who had just
claims upon the Government of France for spoli-
ations upon their commerce prior to the 30th of
September, 1800, and for which that Government
admitted its liabilities. Referred to the Commit-
tee on Foreign Affairs.
3- Resolution in favor of an appropriation by
the General Government for the erection of a
light-houseon Mmot'.s Ledge, near the entrance to
boston harbor. Referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
4. Resolution in favor of Congress appropria-
ting a portion of the public lands to establish a
J^ationalJVbrmulJigriciiltural College, which shall be
to the rural sciences what West Point Academy is
to the military, for the purpose of educating teach-
ers and professors for service in all the States of
the Republic. Referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lauds.
Mr. TUCK. I rise to a point of order. I
submit that the first business in order is to vote
upon the motion to refer to the Committee of the
Whole on the state ot the Union, the Ft ench spo-
liation bill—that bill having been taken from the
Speaker's table, and that motion being now pend-
The SPEAKER. The consideration of the re-
port of the Committee on Printing was postponed
until this morning, and is, in the opinion ot the
Chair, the first business in order tins morning.
Mr. TUCK. I would inquire of the Chair
whether the French spoliation bill will come next
in order alter the report of the Committee on
Printing shall have been disposed of?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will decide that
question when it comes up.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 wish to bring to the at-
tention of the Chair, and the House, the point
which I now submit. I understand the decision
of the Chair to have been that the report of the
Committee on Printing was not a privileged ques-
tion after it was made to the House. Now, if it
be not a privileged question, so as to enable it to
ride over other business legitimately before the
House, it seems to me that it does not take pre-
cedence of the special order which has been and
is still under consideration in tiie Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER, it is certainly in order to
move to go into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and then the homestead bili
comes up as a special order. But that bill is not
a special order in the House, and therefore cannot
affect the business in the House.
Mr. HOUSTON. This bill was made a special
order in the committee by the House, and the
House has a knowledge, therefore, of the exist-
ence of the special order in committee. I hope
the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Johnson]
will make a motion to go into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, so that we can
take up the homestead bill and dispose of it.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I have cer-
tainly no objection to going into committee.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
Hampshire [Mr. Tuck] is on the floor on a ques-
tion of order. The Chair decides that the first
business in order is the report of the Committee
on Printing.
Mr. TUCK. I desire again to inquire of the
Chair what will come up next after tins report is
disposed of?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will determine
the question when the House approaches that sub-
ject. According to the practice of the House
I heretofore, the French spoliation bill, which is
j confined to that class of business on the Speaker's
I table, will be the first business in order when the
i House recurs to the business on the Speaker's
table.
Mr. TUCK, I make the inquiry because it
will be convenient for us to knuw when that bill
is to come up.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is at present of
the opinion, that as a part of the business on the
Speaker's table, this bill can only come up when
the House is considering the business on the.
Speaker's table. He is, however, disposed to
consider the matter further, and will decide when
it comes up.
Mr. GOODENOW. I ask the unanimouscon-
sent of the House to report three or four bills
from the Committee on Naval Affairs for the pur-
pose of having them referred. I expect to leave
the city to-morrow morning, and for that reason
I hope there will be no objection.
[Cries of " Agreed !" " Agreed!"]
No objection being made—
Mr. GOODENOW, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, reported the following bills; which
were severally read a first and second time by
their titles, referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, made the order of the day for to-morrow,
and ordered to be printed, viz:
A bill for the relief of James Glynn;
A bill for the relief of Captain Lewis E. Sim-
monds;and
A bill for the relief of Harlow Spaulding.
Mr GORMAN, t wish the unanimous consent
of the House to take up a resolution from the
Senate.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman will allow
the Chair, he would state that the House is now
receiving reports from the gentleman from Maine
[Mr. Goodenow] by unanimous consent.
Mr. FREEMAN, i ask if the gentleman is
making reports from a committee?
The SPEAKER. He is.
Mr. FREEMAN. Then I think the Committee
on Public Lands have the floor.
Mr. GORMAN. There is a joint resolution on
the Speaker's table, from the Senate, authorizing
the Secretary of Wift to give, to a military com-
pany in this city, some arms and equipments.
They are exceedingly anxious to have them.
The SPEAKER. The Chair begs again to say
to thegentleman from Indiana [Mr. Gorman] that
the House agreed, by unanimous consent, that the
gentleman from Maine [Mr. Goodenow] should
make certain reports from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, and the House is in the act of receiving
those reports.
Mr. GOODENOW, (resuming,) from the same
committee, made adverse reports upon thepetitions
in the two following cases; which reports were
ordered to lie upon theiable:
In the case of Charles Olcott, asking for com-
pensation for a violation, by the United .States, of
his patent-right.
In the case of James W. Wilkins, praying to
be allowed the salary of purser, for the time he
performed the duties of that office, during the late %
war with Mexico.
On motion by Mr. GOODENOW, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on NavaJ Affairs be dis-
charged from the further con^deiation of the petition of
Samuel Graves, and that it be referred to the Committee ou
Invalid Pensions.
Mr. HASCALL. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to withdraw from the files of the
House, the papers of Alanson Pool, presented on
his application for bounty lands for services in the
war of 1812, that they may be returned to the
petitioner.
Mr. LETCHER. I object.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I call for the reg-
ular order of business.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move that the rules of the
House be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union upon the special order.
Mr. GORMAN. Will my friend from Ala-
bama [Mr. Houston] withdraw that motion, in
order to let me make a motion to take up the res-
olution from the Senate,authorizing the Secretary
of War to hand over arms ahd equipments to a
military company of this city? They are exceed-
ingly anxious to have them, and it will not take
the House three minutes to dispose of the resolu-
tion.
Mr. HOUSTON. That resolution will be
reached in a few days in its regular oider, and I
hope the House will now go into Committee'of
the Whole.
The SPEAKER. Debate is out of order.
Mr. STANLY. If it is in order, I want to
know what will be the business in order, if this
motion is voted down?
The SPEAKER. Then the business will be
the consideration of therepottof the Committee
on Printing, which was postponed until this day.
Mr. BAYLY. Was that postponed to this-
day ?
The SPEAKER. It was.
Mr. BAYLY. Will not the unfinished busi-
ness of yesterday and of Monday have prece-
dence?
The SPEAKER. It will certainly haveprece-
dence when the House proceecfs to the consider-
ation of the business upon the Speaker's table.
Mr. BAYLY. Did not the motion to refer the
spoliation bill keep that bill off the Speaker's table?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will decide that
question when it arises. But the Chair is inclined
