THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $3 FOR THIS SESSION.
32n Congress, 1st Session.
MONDAY, AUGUST 9, 1852.
New Series....No. 133.
of $464,000 by the time given it will give a divi-
dend of a less amount; instead of $102,000 it will
give some $85,000 per annum; so that the vice is
not in the system, the vice is in. the administration
of the system since 1847.
'Now, if the House will take the pains to turn
to Mr. Whittlesey's report, it will find that
he shows these abuses emanate from particular
sections of the country. In this amount of #564,000
in 1850 and J 851, one account alone of the mar-
shal of Massachusetts amounts to upwards of
$100,000, which account is suspended. There is
no explanation- We are not informed what liti-
gation occurred in the years 1847, 1848, 1849,
1850, and 1851, but that there was extraordinary
litigation in these years must be apparent from
the amounts. Yet, upon the face of this paper
an argument is addressed to the discretion of this
House, based alone upon the numerical, arithmet-
ical propoitkm of increase from the year 1801.
The expenses of the year 1801 is adopted as the
basis of the calculation.
If you take the intermediate years, from 1831
to 1847, 1 am authorized to say, calculating from
the papers laid before us, there is not that increase
and extravagance which has been alleged, and
there must be some special cause known to the
accounting1 officers, which, if laid before this
House, would sufficiently explain it. I am no
apologist of extravagance. 1 admit that in the
accounts retained from some districts—from the
district of Louisiana, the district of New York,
and the district of Massachusetts, there are ac-
counts which unexplained are exorbitant. Some ;
of the gentlemen rendering these are eminent mem- |
bers of the bar, and 1 am not willing to prejudge j
them without giving them an opportunity to be j
heard. I am not willing1, in other words, because !
some four or five district attorneys, or four or five
marshals of the United States, seem to be prima
facie unfaithful and untrue to their duties, to pass
a sweeping condemnation upon all theofficeis in
the United States who occupy similar positions.
We have already laws reducing their compensation
to $6,000. We have compelled them to conform
to that sum, and whatever they make over and
above goes into the public Treasury. Before we
make these accounts the basis of legislation, let us
summon these gentlemen before a committee of
this House, and give them an opportunity to ex-
plain. it would be nothing more than sheer
American justice. The former estimates of the old
system are shown by the certificates sent us fiom
the accounting bureaus, not to have been extrava-
gant and exorbitant; and it is only within a short
time past these abuses have arisen. We should
ferret them out, and all who are unfaithful should
be visited with the penalties of the law. 1 im-
plore this committee not to becarried away by its
fcoly horror of extravagance, so far as to be guilty
of injustice to individuals.
I have attempted to show the total and entire
unsuitableness of this fee bill to the District of
Columbia. I understand that no complaint has
come up to this House against the officers of this
District, or the officers of Maryland. No com-
plaint whatever, in the whole course of their career,
has been raised against them. Then, considering
this House is the local Legislature of the District,
if they desire to stretch this law over the more dis-
tant portions of the United States, no harm can
be done by their modifying this bill to suit the pe-
culiar circumstances of the State of Maryland and
the District of Columbia. The honorable com-
mittee have adopted this principle in one instance.
They have distinguished between California and
the other States of the Union. They have allowed
double the amount of fees in the State of Califor-
nia. I submit it to the good sense of this House,
whether there is any justice in laying down a hori
izontal scale of compensation for clerks, marshals,
and State's attorneys throughout'the United States,
than there would be in laying down a horizontal
scale of prices for wheat, hemp, tobacco, or cotton
in all the States of this Union ? The labor of a
clerk and marshal in the State of Maryland and
District of Columbia is as much his capital as the
133
labor of the farmer or the planter in the West and
South is his capital. The law should not under-
take to lay a horizontal price upon labor or ser-
vices anywhere unless there is some extreme ne-
cessity for it.
I do not mean unnecessarily to consume the
time of the House with remaiks upon this subject.
I am exceedingly indebted to the learned chair-
man of the Committee on the Judiciary, [Mr.
McLanahan,] and the House generally, for the
opportunity they have given me of presenting my
views, and the attention they have given me in
listening to them. I had hoped that some motion
would be made to commit this bill, but in the ab-
sence of an opportunity to do that, I shall move
the amendments which I have offered, and hope,
under the peculiar circumstances of this District
and the State of Maryland, that at least the com-
mittee will indulge me with adopting them. Let
other gentlemen take care of their own constitu-
ents as they please.
Mr. HAVEN. I do not propose to go into a
discussion of the merits of this bill, although I
apprehend, from the indications in the House for
the last few days, that there is a desire to pass
this bill in its present or some modified shape. I
desire to say to the House, that inasmuch as a
great portion of the complaints that have been
made by the accounting officers of theG vernment,
and which the House have heard from the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, have come from the .State
of New York, my attention has been directed to
the provisions of this bill, and I think that the
hill is not calculated to remedy the evils nt which
it strikes in the State of New York. 1 propose,
therefore, to offer, before the previous question is
moved upon the bill, some amendments relating
particularly to that State.
The SPEAKER. The committee propose to
amend the first section of the bill, and, regulaily,
no amendment will be in order until that amend-
ment is disposed of.
Mr. HAVEN. I was about to inquire whether
this was the second reading of the section by
clauses ?
The SPEAKER. The bill is open for amend-
ment by clauses. The comnntteee propose to
amend the first section, and therefore it will not
be m order to move any amendment until the
amendment of the committee is disposed of. It
has been sometimes the piactice of the House to
allow amendments to be proposed, and voted upon
in their regular order, before the previous (question
is called. It can be only done by the unanimous
consent of the House; and if the previous question
be now called and sustained, it will cut off the gen-
tleman's amendment. The Chair desiies the gen-
tleman, and the House, to understand the state
of the case, before a call for the previous ques-
tion. :
Mr. HAVEN. It was for that reason that I .
sought tins early opportunity to put my amend- |
ments in possession of the House. I think these j
amendments are veiy important, in case the bill is J
to pass, Hnd I am desirous of having them adopt- |
ed, as 1 have drawn them at length. They have [
reference to fees nowhere except in the State of j
New York. ;
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mary- I
land [Mr. Bowie] and the gentleman from Mis- \
souri, [Mr. Piielps,] as well as the gentleman j
from New York, [Mr. Haven,] have indicated j
their purpose to offer amendments to this bill. If :
it be the unanimous pleasure of the House, those ;
amendments will, in that form, be considered as j
having been offered, and embraced within the op-
eration of the previous question, if it be ordered.
A Voice. I object.
Mr. WALSH. I hope they will be read first.
Mr. CLARK. I have an amendment which I
wish to offer, when the proper time arrives.
The SPEAKER. Objection having been made,
no amendment will be in order until, the first
amendment proposed by the committee is disposed
of.
Mr. STUART. Has the previous question
been demanded?
The SPEAKER. It has not.
Mr. STUART. I wish to say that a bill of
this character ought not to be passed by this House
under the operation of* the previous question.
Unless the House by unanimous consent will con-
sider the bill by clauses, and leave it open to
amendment without the previous question, 1 think
we ought to postpone it to some time when it can
be considered, and when gentlemen throughout
the House can understand it. *
Mr. BOWIE. I move to commit the bill 
The SPEAKER. A motion is pending to re-
commit the bill, but the motion to commit to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
would take precedence.
Mr. BOWIE. I then make that motion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Haven] is upon the floor, and thegen-
tleman cannot therefore submit the motion.
Mr. HAVEN. I propose, before I yield the
floor to accommodate the gentlemah from Mary-
land, [Mr. IJowie,] as that appears to be thegen-
eral desire of the House 
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. I suggest to the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Haven,] as
there are a number of gentlemen here who wish
to offer amendments to this bill, that he permit the
bill to be read by sections; so that we may act
upon such amendments as have been reported by
the Committee on the Judiciary, and such amend-
ments as other gentlemen see fit to offer. I un-
derstand that the Committee on the Judiciary do
not desire to call the previous question, but they
desire to have immediate action upon the bill. If
gentlemen will pursue that course, and permit the
bill to be read by sections, every gentleman will
have an opportunity to offer such amendments as
he may desire to offer. If gentlemen will not take
this course, I give notice that I will in a very short
time, if I can get the floor, move the previous
question upon the bill.
Mr. HAVEN. I will take this opportunity to
make a veiy few remarks, and to call the attention
of the committee—because I assume that it is the
desire of the entire House that this bill shall be
put in a proper shape in all its parts—I desire to
call the attention of the committee to one or two
provisions in the bill, in which I think that the
committee have failed in the language they used to
accomplish the object they desire. For instance,
take the fiist section of the bill. It provides that,
in lieu of the compensation now allowed to attor-
neys, solicitors, and proctors in the courts of the
United States, certain fees shall be allowed. By
your laws in cases of admiralty, in the State of
New York at least—I speak only for my own
State—there are certain fees given to counsellors
and advocates in those cases, and which aregiven
by the act referred to by the chairman of the com-
mittee, ihe act of 1788 or 1789, I do not remem-
ber which, in items amounting to quite as much
as this sum which is given to proctors. Under
this first section of the bill, instead of limiting the
amount, they desire to ha\e taxed against the op-
posite party a sum that is fixed in this section.
The counsellors and advocates of the State ofNew
York will tax an equal amount, to insert it in their
record, and collect it out ot the opposite party.
There should be an amendment for the purpose of
covering that object, if that was the object of the
committee. The object which I had m view in
drawing up the amendments I propose to offer
was this: I propose, in the State of New York, as
these complaints come mostly from that quarter,
to confine the compensation of attorneys, solicit-
ors, proctors, counsellors, and advocates in all
cases, whether at law, or in equity, or in admi-
ralty? to the same charges precisely that aregiven
m like cases by the State laws for corresponding
services in the supreme court of that State. Those
members of the legal profession from my own
State who are here, may well understand that this
is nothing unreasonable or unfair. The amend-
ment I propose will put all the business of the
country which is done in my State, whether it is
done in the State courts or m the Federal courts,
upon an equal footing. Since the act of 1845,
