2114
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 6,
which extended admiralty jurisdiction to the Jakes
and western rivers, almost half of the important
commercial business, at least, of the county I rep-
resent, is transacted in the district court, in admi-
ralty.
Mr. McLANAHAN. Mr. Speaker, I am very
much gratified at the spirit in which the gentleman
from .New York [Mr. Haven] has come to the
examination of this subject"; but I think that the
objections he has urgei against that part of the
bill will not, in the language of lawyers, hold
.water. Attorneys practice in the courts of law,
solicitors in the courts of chancery, and proctors
in the courts of admiralty. Tinder the provisions
of the act of 1799, in the admiralty courts, there
is a compensation allowed to proctors of $17. The
only compensation then allowed in this case to any
class of practicing lawyers, in whatever court they
may practice, is, in the case of a jury trial, $20—
but $3 above what is allowed in the admiralty
court. When there is no jury trial the item is
rendered $10 in this bill. This is the only com-
pensation that any lawyer can receive in any court
in which he may practice under the laws of the
United States. The gentleman from New York
indicates that he would prefer that the House
would adopt in this bill a provision limiting the
attorneys of the State of New York to the com-
pensation that is now allowed in the supreme
court of that State. Why, sir, the great abuses
which have grown up in the State of New York
have grown up under that system.
Mr. HAVEN. Not one penny of the sum has
ever been applied to the Federal courts.
Mr. McLANAHAN. Now, sir, the law, as
it now stands, is, that the taxation of costs in the
State of New York shall be made according to the
existing fee bill in that State. Under the law of
1848, which was found necessary to reduce the
fees of lawyers in that State's courts, the fees are
remarkably low, and yet I defy any lawyer from
the State of New York to point out a single in-
stance in the Treasury Department, where the
accounts have been rendered under the fee bill of
1848.
Mr. HAVEN. That is the very difficulty that
I propose to remedy by this amendment. The
chairman of the Judiciary Committee, if he will
refer to the report of the Comptroller and the first
clerk, in the papers he has laid before us, will find
that the difficulty complained of there is that the
wording of the proviso of 1842 is such thnt the
marshals, clerks, and officers of the oouris in the
State of New York, have evaded th^t provision of
the law which declares that they shall be governed
by the fees that are now, or may be hereafter,
provided; and that they shall make out their bills,
and the clerks certify them according to the law
of 1799, and not according to any subsequent law.
That is the very complaint that is made; and I
propose, at the proper time, to point out the lan-
guage used in my amendment for the purpose of
remedying that very evil.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the gentleman from New
York—the morning hour having expired—will al-
low me to take the floor, I will move that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve it-
self into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
Mr. HAVEN. I always with great pleasure
follow the lead of the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means.
Mr. HOUSTON. I then make the motion I
have indicated
Mr. EDGERTON. Will it be in order to move
to go into Committee of the Whole on the Private
Calendar ?
The SPEAKER. It is in order.
Mr. EDGERTON. Then I make that motion.
Mr. HOUSTON. I consulted with my friend
from North Carolina [Mr. Daniel] before I made
my motion, and he told me that he would not insist
upon devoting this day to private business. He
said that he desired to proceed with that class of
business to-morrow, but that he would yield to
the civil and diplomatic bill to-day.
Mr. EDGERTON. Then I withdraw my mo-
tion.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Hous-
ton's motion, and it was agreed to,
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC APPROPRIATIONS.
So the rules were suspended, and the House re-
solved itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, (Mr. Phelps in the chair,)
and resumed the consideration of House bill No.
196, making appropriations forthe civil and diplo-
matic expenses of Government for the year ending
the 30th of June, 1853, and for other purposes.
The CHAIRMAN. When the committee last
rose, there was pending before the committee an
amendment offered by the gentleman from Ar-
kansas [Mr. Johnson] to insert after line eight
hundred and fifty-four, the following:
For the repan of the two bridges over the Eastern Branch
of the Potomac, $4,750.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. At the time
that item was under debate yesterday, there was
a misapprehension existing here between the gen-
tleman from Maine [Mr. Smart] and myself, in
the course of the discussion with regard to it. A
total misapprehension existed at the time, and the
passage that occurred between us was all wrong—
wrong upon my part; and if upon that of any other,
it is all right now. 1 regret it very much, and do
not wish that it should ever be remembered. I
hope it will not be.
Mr. SMART. I respond with great pleasure
to the honorable remarks of the gentleman from
Arkansas. I will say that I misapprehended his
first remarks to me, which caused me to speak
with more than usual warmth, but I am satisfied
that there was no unkindness intended; that so far
as I am concerned I have always entertained the
kindest feeling towards him. Any misapprehen-
sion that may have existed at the time has been,
mutually explained, and I am glad to say there is
now nothing to interrupt the good feeling* that has
hitherto existed between us.
The question was then taken upon Mr. John-
son's amendment, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I move the
same amendment, only altering the sum to $4,850.
The original amendment was §5,000. This was
offered, sir, by the gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Stanton,) with a full understanding of this
case. I do not sincerely believe that the House
fully appreciates the state of these bridges, or, if
they did, I feel persuaded that they would make
the appropriation that is asked for in this amend-
ment.
We, sir, by an act, compelled the owners of
these bridges to sell out, or else, in consequence
of the position in which we had placed them, their
corporate privileges were tft fall dead upon their
hands. They never received the actual money
from this Government which they had expended
upon these bridges. They never received their
capital even back. This I state merely by way
of elucidation, as the case has nothing.to do with
them; but when we took these bridges from them,
and made them free, and cut off the means that
would have accrued to preserve them in repair,
we took upon ourselves the responsibility, as 1
regard it, and the duty of maintaining them m at
least as good a condition as they were maintained
under the corporate privilege that once existed in
regard to them.
Now, sir, these bridges are decaying. One of
these free bridges has been already swept away,
and we ai e doing nothing to restore it. The whole
community are suffering from the destruction of
this bridge, and yet gentlemen conceive, if we ap-
propriate any portion of money at all for their
preservation—works that we made by our own
action public works—that we are giving money
illegitimately from the Treasury. This is not a
just consideration of this matter. If we will look
at the millions of Government property now with-
in this District—and I imagine 1 am saying noth-
ing extravagant when I say that $25,000,000 of
"public property is within this city—winch pays
not one single cent of revenue to the city, and that
the whole taxes that they have, are collected from
citizens and private property—I think we ought
to feel, when there is no tax whatever paid by this
Government, that we are bound to contribute
something to a District where the whole of the
functions of the Government are concentrated.
Every branch of the Government feels, in some
measure, the wants that are created, and that re-
sult from the inability of the population in the
surrounding country to get to the city with their
marketing. It raises the price of living* to such an
extent as to call upon us directly to appropriate
from the Treasury an increase of salaries, to en-
able men to stay here at all, and discharge the
most ordinary duties of this Government.
Mr. VENABLE. I am utterly opposed to any
illiberal legislation towards this District. I am
willing to do whatever is right and proper, but I
think the view of the subject presented by my
friend from Arkansas [Mr. Johnson] should lead
us to a different conclusion to the one at which he
has arrived. He says we committed a great
outrage upon this District in buying the toll-
bridges, and building a free bridge.
Mr. JOHNSQjJ". Thegentleman doesnotstate
me truly, but never mind.
Mr. VENABLE. I shall certainly not misstate
the gentleman. He says we break down the cap-
ital of the corporation by purchasing their property
at full value, and build a free bridge in the place
over which they paid toll. The gentleman cer-
tainly goes upon the principle that because we
give §10 to a man, we ought te give him $50, and
that if we failed to do so we committed an outrage
upon his rights. I do not see why we are bound
to pay for repairing these bridges, because we
have relieved them from paying toll. The gentle-
man used another argument, that, as the Gov-
ernment pays no tax upon the property which
it holds here, all taxes raised in the District,
are paid upon private property. Whilst this is
true, apparently, it is not so in fact. Look, sir,
at the vast amounts voted this District m the an-
nual appropriation bills. There are always some
large sums to cut down and grade their streets, and
to do anything else "which the District asks. {
have known them to spend the money voted in
removing the same earth two different times in
the course of a single year. We have given them
whatever they ask. Look at the annual appro-
priations made for the improvement of the city.
They amount to twice as much as any tax that
could be properly levied upon public property
here. In addition to this we assumed a debt of
$1,000,000. We give them money every time
they ask it, and yet, like the prodigal son, they
come back and say we never settle our accounts
with them, and ask for more. If you take the an-
nual appropriations made for this District, and
compare them with the taxes paid upon property
here, you will find that we pay fully as much as
we would in the way of taxation. I am not dis-
posed to pursue an illiberal course towards this
District. I have voted for appropriations some-
times against, my own judgment, but only when
requested to do so by those who were better in-
formed upon the matter than myself. But surely
the District has no right to complain of us, that
after we have made their toll bridges free, and paid
the owners, that they are now asked to keep those
bridges in repair. That seems to me to be the
plain business-like and practical view of the ques-
tion, and for that reason I have voted against, and
shall continue to vote against these appropriations.
I never will vote a cent to build a new bridge in
the place of the old one across the Potomac, which
has destroyed the channel. It was a nuisance,
and it ought never to have been built there. With
regard to the other bridges, it is little enough for
the people1 of the District to keep them in repair
when we relieve them from the tax of paying toll.
Mr. CLEVELAND, it seems to me that this
question is not very well understood. I move to
amend the amendment by increasing the amount
$50, so as to make it $4,900. I wish the House
to act understandingly upon this matter, and I
ask their attention for a moment to this question.
We have these bridges in the condition in which
they are represented, and no one denies that they
may be passed. I have watched narrowly, and
no man has disputed the statement of either the
gentleman from Arkansas, [Mr. Johnson,] orthe
chairman of the Committee on Public Buildings
and Public Grounds, [Mr. Stanto-n, of Kentucky,]
whose duty it is to take care of the interests of
this city, and the whole Republic, in reference to
this matter. In the first place, we proposed, as I
understand it, to build a new bridge, thereby ren-
dering valueless the bridges upon which toll was
collected. Now, suppose we had built a new
bridge, I ask whether we should have had to keep
that bridge in repair? But the owners of these
bridges conclude to sell out, and we take them.
In what respect do we stand differently now from
what we should have stood if we had gone on and
built the bridge which we had agreed to do? There
is one other consideration. These bridges are
upon our hands, and it is our duty to take care of
them. I ask the consideration of the committee
to this. If we neglect them now, and injury re-
