1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
889
" Certificates m proper form for the said installments,
respectively, in such sums a? ^hall be desired "by the Mexi-
can Government, and transferable by it, shall be delivered
to ?aid Government."
The Senate struck the article out.
Mr. Buchanan, in his dispatch of ISth March,
1848, to Messrs. Sevier and Clifford, says:
" It cannot be denied, that the twelfth article, as amended
by the Senate, contains a positive and unconditional obliga-
tion on the part of the United States, to pay the Mexican
Republic the sum of $12,000,000, in four annual install-
ments of $3,000,000 each, commencing one year after the
ratification of the treaty by the Mexican Government;
negotiable or transferable certificates cannot, however, be
issued for that amount."
Now, sir,*wjll anybody say that the Executive
alone can authorize a mode of paying these install-
ments, which the Senate refused to consent to, and
struck out of the treaty ?
Why, sir, the Mexican Government preferred
to have the whole indemnity of §15,000,000 paid
down: but our Government, speaking through its
constituted authority, would not agree to pay
down, but agreed to pay it in installments, at j
stated periods. And the treaty-making power j
having decided that we would not pay faster than ;
in annual installments, and upon the day named in !
the treaty, has the Executive alone power to say !
that we will anticipate this payment—that we will i
make them faster than the treaty provides for? '
But, sir, to prejudice this case, these Greens ;
have gone on to show that the Barings have made j
enormous profits. Their first error is m their state- j
ment of the amount of the third and fourth install-1
ments. They state that the third was &3,540.000, !
and the fourth §3,720,000, making the two to- |
gether, $7,260,000. Now it so happens that the j
third installment was $3,300,000, and the fourth i
$3,180,000, making §6,540,000—a difference of
$720,000. Here is a man who has been negotiating 1
and writing about the payment for two years of a j
sum, the amount of which even he floes not seem
to know. But $720,000 is less than a million, and ;
Duff Green only deals m millions. J have already j
explained that the real exchange is about six per i
cent. The contractors pay us three and a half, 1
and it leaves to them two and a half per cent., which !
in Mexico is the usual percentage m similar trans- j
actions. It is precisely the percentage which Mex- i
ico, in the treaty of February, 1843, agreed to pay !
our claimants under that treaty, and Mexico and
our Government had fixed upon two and a half
per cent, as the usual allowance in such cases.
My own opinion was, at the last Congress, and so
I expressed myself, that, in consequence of the
rise in the value of silver, compared with gold,
they would not make two and a half per cent.;
and the result shows that they have not icahzed
that much by exchange. But it is said that we
have enabled the Barings, by this arrangement,
to shave the Mexican Government. How have
we done it? It is said they dre borrowing mo-
ney of the Barings and pledging this indemnity. ;
Suppose they arc, it is their own act, for which i
we are not responsible. When the Barings go^ on j
the day of payment to demand of them a receipt, :
(our treaty requires it shall be paid m cold and j
silver, and the contract our Government has made j
in pursuance of this treaty requires that U shall ,
be made in gold and silver,) and they go to the 1
Mexican Treasury with anything else—wiih their 1
notes or bonds—the Mexican Government have j
the power to refuse it, and the Barmas will ;
have forfeited the contract unless they pay m the 1
funds stipulated m the treaty, or in something j
else equally acceptable to the Mexican Govern- j
ment. It is not in their power to force anything J
else upon them. As to the shaving, although the |
Barings are the agents to pay, the Government of .
the United States^is the party to pay, and Mexico ;
can hypothecate or mortgage this obligation of j
ours to pay to any other bankers. All this is an .
attempt to impose upon a House, a majonty of
whose members may be supposed not to have ;
turned their attention to the subject.
Besides that, this proposition of the Greens was
less advantageous to the Mexican Government
than any other. I say it came before the Executive
with a dark suspicion upon it—a darkness wmch
has increased from the hour it was madeuown to
tins very dav: and this is a part of the argument
to which I wish to ask the especial attention of
the American Congress. Why did the Mexican
Government agree to give Dull Green and lus
associates three and a half per cent, to get our
Executive to accept their terms ? They had their
Minister here. Does any one believe that if this
was a bona jide transaction, that the Mexican
Government supposed that they could approach
the American Administration under more favor-
able circumstances through Green and his as-
sociates, as their agents, than by their own ac-
credited Minister? Why give them §210,000 to
prevail upon the American Administration to
accept their offer, when they had nothing to do but
to request their own Minister to make the appli-
cation to the American Government?
Again, sir, Mr. Clayton had told theGreens,as
his own letter published by themselves shows,
that he could not negotiate with anybody in refer-
ence to this matter, but the Mexican Minister.
How does it occur, then, that this man is engaged,
with the bonus of two hundred and ten thousand
dollars, to get the American Government to accept
an offer from the Mexican Government? But
that is not all. Mr. Clayton had made—and to
this I ask the especial attention of the House—to"
the Mexican Government a more advantageous
proposition of the same kind, through their Min-
ister, which that Government rejected. Mr. Clay-
ton, in his letter, says:
"Fir: I have this moment received your letter of the
14th instant, and, m reply to it, 1 have the honor to inform
\ou that, some time in the hitler pai t of last winter, ot eai l>
in the spring, Genetal Duff Green informed me that Mr.
Marks could effect an arrangement with the Mexican Gov-
ernment lor the payment ot the two la^t installments of the
Mexican indemnity, under the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo,
reserving to tin1 United States a piemimn of lour and a hall
percent., the money to be paid on diatt> by the Mexican Gov-
ernment upon ouiTrea>iny. I had, previously, endeavoied
to negotiate with the Meucan Minuter at Washington lor the
payment of the second installment (for which an appiopi i-
ation had been made by Congie^s) upon this basis, iu\ ob-
ject being to take the niattci out of the hands of specula-
tors, by paying the money directly to the Government of
Mexico. *2 it ofter through Mr. Rosa to the Mexican Gov-
ernment to pi^y it that installment, deducting ih" expo it
duty (five and a half per con!,) on specie in Mexico, icas
declined by that Government.
The Mexican Government declined it. They
had but a short time before declined to deduct the
export duty on specie. What was our Govern-
ment to think, when they came forwaid shortly
afterwards through agents and agreed not only
to deduct the export duty, but to pay three and a
halt per cent, additional to these contractors?
Mexico dec! med a more favorable proposition when
officially and authoritatively made, and 3-ct these
people come here and pretend to say that they
had the authority of Mexico to propose a far less
favorable arrangement. They are not only to re-
ceive three and a half per cent, more than the
export dnty, but a discount of the interest upon
their drafts. Here is lVkuks's leiter:
Mi; vie o,Jidy 13//i,18r)0.
My dear Grekn, (IVtahinzlon city :) 1 have at 1:m suc-
ceeded with the Mexican Government, and secured the t\\ o
installment* due by the United States, amounting to, with
interest, .$'7,260,000. I inclose >ou eopy of my piop- .-al,
which has been accepted, and tlie liquidation of the debt.
The diaft& of the Mexican Government against the Treas-
ury of the United Status arc fonvaided this day to Don
Luis de la Rom, the Mexican Minister at Washington.
You will call on him on receipt of tin* ; obiam and have
thorn accepted by oui Government. On their beins' iiceept-
ed, you will pay into the Tiea^iry of the United States, of
the said dra(t\. .^31i2.b31 f>7-J00, being at the rate ot lour
and a half per cent, tor diffpienec of exchange, as ajjioed
I upon between yourfathci and Mr. Clayton. You will see
I by tiny anan^einent I have saved the United States ovei
§'<0,000, as Mr. Letcher har> mvai.ably drawn foi the in-
stallment-; aheady paid, at the rate of thiee and a half pel
cent.
lus very probable that tiic Mexican Government may not
requne any large -um of money foi t-ome time to come
We can always obtain cash fm the diatts accepted by the
United States, lets the interest—six per cent, per annum—
which the Mexican Government allow to u^. TI.u- you sec
we make by the contract thiee nnd a half per cent.—1*ay
about,$"210,000; but out of tins amount I will have to pay
>.70,006 hete, which will b^ve <70,000 for each of u^.
w Jt I"* ol the highest importance that the dialt^ -hould be
accepted loitliwith bv out Government. Should thine be
any meat delay, the airaugcment will fail thiongh.
1 hope your lather may be 111 Washington to a^ni-t you,
as he had made all the nece'-^-nj ariangements with Mi.
Clayton and other members of the Cabinet for tins busi-
ness, and I have staked my reputation with tins Govern-
ment on the result, and the charts must be accepted. We
ask nothing of our Government, not even to advance a cent;
on the contrary, we give them a positive profit of .>*70,000.
After the dinlt- are accepted, you will return 'hem to M.
Luis de la Ro^a. lc-=s the amount to be paid to the United
States, (say $012,031 57,) and wait furthei instructions
from me.
You will please answer tins immediately on its rer>nipt,
directing care of Cla-son & V!e<, New Orleans, to l"> !or-
warded°to me; and if possible send a telegraphic dispatch
to them before the ;28tt) instant, to be transmitted to me, if
meteij to say u aU is right."
I shall remain here, unless something of moment takes
place, until I hear from you,
1 am, youi sincere friend, J. D. MARKS.
P. S. As we will not require any banker to advance, nor
no one to assist us, we cannot, of course, give any poition,
of this contract, nor money to carry it tluough.
Why did Mexico refuse, through their Own Min-
ister, a more favorable proposition, and then offer
taGreen and his associates three and half per cent,
to effect what they declined? I now calluttention
to the letters he says he sent to the Secretaries of
State and Treasury—imperial letters, such as no
man but an Emperor would write, and none would
expect to carry out who had not an imperial
I treasury. He proposes to negotiate for the whole
| valley of the Gila, and speaks of making a railroad"
| from there to the Pacific; of filling that valley up
j with American settlers; and, to facilitate him in
j this magnificent scheme of his in negotiating with
j the Mexican Government, he asks, modestly, that
| our Government shall intervene in Mexican party
1 politics. He asks our Executive to& conciliate the
[ powers that be in Mexico to aid his negotiation !
j Now, sir, I have heard a gl-eat deal about inter-
1 vention of late—a great deal as to the intervening
of our Government in the domestic policy of an-
other nation; but I had never expected they would
be called upon to intervene to advancea negotiation
of Duff Green.
Here is the letter:
No. 3.—Mr. Green to Mr. Clayton.
Washington, March 12,18.">0.
Hon. Jotjn M. Clayton, Secretary of State :
Dkati Sir : Believing that the Gila route is better than
anj other line for a laihoad conneetmgthe Mississippi with
the Pacific, I have engagediho. seiviees of a gentleman who
1 ha* resided many yeir-j 111 Mexico, who luw rendeied im-
j poitant services to' the Mexican Government, and ha-, the
| confidence and good will ot the Mexican anthoiitie*. lie
I has been to Mexico, and met me in New Oilcan-*, uhete he
i await*fwi therinstn uctions.
| lie tells mo that the Mexican Government 1* m si cat wan t
1 of money ; that tlie agents of Santa Anna and other di-a in-
jected pei^om aie plotting a revolution ; and that it 1-; im-
portant that the piesent Government should be enabled to
icahze 111 anticipation the remaining installment.-; jtt to be
paid utulei the tieaty with Mexico.
Ilerieia and hK administration are our friends. Santa
Anna is, and ever will be, our enemy. If Herr era's gov-
ernment can be enabled to negotiate the installments yet to
full due, it would give them the command oj money, and thus
strengthen our ft lends in powci, as well by giving them
money as by depriving Santa Jinn a and tin pitrtunns of
the fund ukich they vould otherwise rcccine if they can
saboeit and seize the Government before those installments
aie paid.
Undei these circumstances, the Mexican Government de-
i-uc to hypothecate the remaining installment*, and wi'l he
compelled to Mibiuit to gi eat l«v«, unless they can obiam
; from this. Uo\eiirment acceptances on then tiillh, payable
i when nu appropriation for the payment of these nifctaUnuoiN
shall be made by oui Connie^.
The gentleman who i« charged with my ne«otiatwn 1^ an
Amencau citizen, well known in Mexico, lie i.> n mer-
: fbaut 111 good eiedit. and can laiso the money to pin chase
; the installments yet to be paid, it you will accept the bills
I of the Mexican Government, payable as stated; and be-
lieve* that such aiiangcmont uill greatly promote his v ego-
1 tiatunsfor a lar«e grant of lands, including the valley of
i the Gila, and extending the whole length of the northern
! boundaiy of Mexico, uith the right ot occupation and of
' making a railroad.
I it he can obtain euch a grant, the road will soon be made,
and the giant densely inhabited; in which case the Ameri-
can population on that lino will give to the Mcxk an ample
protection from the American Indians, and thu ' relieve ti e
1 'mted States 110111 aim go expenditure now recpuicd by the
Mexican tioaty. By aeccplnnf the bills a< piopo-wl, you
; ^orve our fnends do much to pievent a levuhmon m Mev-
! ico, which will bung our enemies into po\vei,and secme
| to Ameiican eitizens the piofits of the negotiation, winch
! mu-t otherwise <„'o to the agent-: of foreign bankers, "WHO
; use then wealth to the piejudice of our people.
! j hope, my dear sir, that these considerations will inr.uce
' you to authorize me to say to the person who cliat&ed
with the negotiation, that you will accept the hill,- o! the
■ Mexican Government, as we desire, deducting Irom the
i payment the amount of the export duty on bullion,
j ' yours truly, DUFF GUKfiN.
' Well, sir, as this doctrine of intervention is one
' that is occupying the attention of the Amnion
! public very much, I wanted to see \vh;.t answer
] our Secretary of State gave to that letter. "W hen
1 I inquired at the State Department, they told we
'that not only had no such letter been received,
, but that it was impossible it could have been; lor
! there was no trace of it upon the files of the De-
partment. T have the letter here fiom the Depart-
ment showing that it was not received, ond that
, it is not possible that it could have been received.
It is in these words :
Department of State, ?
Washington, 17M Ji'nuarxi, S
i. Sir: I have the honoi to acknowledge tlie iwapt of
;! vimr luttei of yesterday, liiqunmt; if ttien'is a letter on u
|, "111 this Department uiKier date the 12tli of MafeM85 .P
il posting to have been addressed^}' DutTGreeti, JV f|->
