1252
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 5,
Mr. STANTON. So it is, for all"other pur-
poses except this.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I submit to the
Chair whether the committee who have made this
report, have not a right to modify it, and make it
conform to the facts and the law? They have not
performed .their .duty, until they have done so.
Ordinarily aproposition presented by any mem-
be^ until it shall he altered, or s.ome action had
uppn it, is {subject to the control of the mover,
an& he can withdraw or modify it: That is the
uniform and everyday practice of the House.
And I. subryiit to the Chair, whether the chairman
of the Committee on Printing, under the direction
of that committee, has not a right to modify the
former report, or to make this supplementary re-
port, under-the rule which gives him the right to
report at any time.
Mr. CARTTER. The pbiut 1 make is evident-
ly misapprehended by the gentleman from Ten-
nessee; 1 do not question the right of the com-
mittee to make a report, ov to amend one when it
is made. But the determination of the prices is
the work of the joint committee, and the report is
the work of the joint committee. •
Mr. JONES. Thegentleman is entirely mis-
taken.
Mr. CARTTER. The attitude of the matter
is this: Neither the joint committee nor the con-
stituents of that committee* comprehending the
House branch of it,.have made any amendment
or axithorfred any amendment; but the chairman
of the committee gets up here as a member of the
House, and informally, and upon his own figures,
proposes to amend thereport, without there being
any action on that amendment on the part of the
joint committee, or even on the Hou&e branch of
*the committee.
Mr. GORMAN. The Senate branch of the
committee have nothing to do with it; the Mouse
branch made the report.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. The gentle-
man from Ohio is altogether mistaken.
Mr. CARTTER. 1 understand thatthe House
committee made this report, but the joint commit-
tee have to determine on the prices.
Mr. STANTON. The Joint Committee on
Printing is not composed of two separate commit-
tees—one from each House. It is " a committee
consisting of three members of the Senate, and
three members of the House of Representatives."
That is the exact language of the law. The thud
paragraph ofthat jointrewolution of 1846 provides,
"that all motions to print extra numbers of any
bill, paper, or document, in either Uonse, shall be
referred," not to the joint committee, but " to the
* members of the committee of thnt House, who
* shall report upon the propriety of printing;, and
* the probable expense thereof, as eurly as conve-
' nierit.
This matter wan referred to the three members
of this House composing u portion of the joint
committee, and those three member* have made
this report. Now, the chairman, with the con-
sent of the other two members, proposes to amend
that report. That is the exact state of the case.
Mr. CABLE, of Ohio. Would it be m order
to move the previous question?
The SPEAKER. It will he in order after this
question of order is disposed of. Jt is more regu-
lar to determine shot, before we take action upon
the main question before the f)ouM\
The law reads thus:
"That all motion* to print e\m number'* of an> bill,
paper, or document, m cither Ifou -f\ .-hall borefouod to the
members of the committee of that Hou«e, who shall report
upon the propriety of printing, and the probable e.\pcn-o
thereof, as early as convenient."'
The Chair supposes that the members of the
committee of this House, and not the joint com-
mittee, made this report. Those members of the
committee of this House propose now to modify
their report. The rule of the House upon that
subject reads thus:
"45. After a motion i* vtalod by th« Sppaker, or r<nd bv
the Clerk, it .-hall be deemed to be in the possession of the
Hou«e, but may lie withdrawn at'any tune befoie a decision
or amendment."
There has been no decision or amendment in
this case, and the Chair therefore decides that the
committee have a right to modify their report.
Mr. CARTTER. I call for the reading of the
modification.
The Clerk read as follows:
" Tbc  cost of printing said mechanical part of said Patent j
Office Report will be about fortv-mnocpnts ppr copy. ^
"W. A. GORMAN, :
"Chairman Committee on Printing." j
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I rise to a |
question of order. 1 he point of order which I j
am about to submit is suggested to me by the fact j
which has just been made known to.the House, j
and winch has not been adverted to before; that
this report does not cor&e from the Joint Commit- !;
tee on Printing, but from the members of this |
House, who belong to that committee. The gen- |
tleman from North Carolina [Mr. Clingman] j
proposes to recommit this report to that commit- :
tee, with instructions that they shall give such of i
the printing as the present contractor cannot exe- 1
cutetothelowestresponsible bidder, after ten days'
notice. The point of order that I make is, that ■
that proposition is directly and unequivocally in :
the face of the law. The law requires the joint ,
comrmttee to do it, but there is no law which au- 1
thorizes the-IJouse members of that committee to I
do if.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I submit that that point
has been already decided by the Chair. But if it
is open to discussion I have a word to say upon it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee has certainly presented a new view of this
question.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I would remind the Chair
that this point has been substantially decided al-
ready. The gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Stu-
art] raised the point that the instructions were
inconsistent with the existing laws. That point
was argued by the gentleman from Michigan and
mvself, and was decided.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. Will the gen-
tleman allow me to make a suggestion > The point
raised by the gentleman from Michigan was, that
the instructions to the joint committee were incon-
sistent with the law. Now, it is perfectly in the
power of the House to instruct the joint com-
mitter. But the point I make is, that when the
House undertake to instruct the House members
of that committee, it undertakes to do a thing which
it has no power to do by law.
Mr. CLINGMAN. The gentleman is mis-
taken about the fact; my resolution proposes to
instruct the Joint Committee on Printing, no one
branch of that committee. The gentleman is en-
tirely mistaken in the fact.
Mr. STANTON. The proposition is to re-
commit.
Mr. CLINGMAN". The proposition is to re-
commit to the Committee on Printing. Now,
there is but one Committee on Printing known to
the law, in this House or in this Congress. There
is but one Committee on Printing known to our
ruley. I never pretended that we had the power
to instruct one branch of that committee. There
are no two branches to that committee. It con-
sists of one committee, and I intend to make the
pomt, if it becomes necessary, that the House
committee and the,Senate committee hove no ri«ht
to divide the public business, ns I am informed
(hey have done, and assume to act separately.
j>frr. STANTON. Tfthegentlenmn from North
Carolina will allow me, I wilt make this sugges-
tion: The rule of the House requires that propo-
sitions of this kind shall co to the members of
that committee from this House, and not to the
joint committee; and therefore another point of
order would be, that the House have no right to
instruct the joint committee upon a subject which
by its own rules is referred directly to the House
members of that committee. Such a proposition
is directly in violation of the rules of this House.
A Member. That is a matter of law.
Mr. STANTON. Well, then it is directly in
violation of the law, and therefore it is out of
order.
Mr. CABLE, of Ohio. Is it in order to move
to go into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union upon the special order? I think we
enn get this matter straightened out by to-morrow.
[Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. It is in order.
Mr. CABLE. I make that motion.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I believe I have the
floor. It was only taken from me by raising a
point of order, and I suppose T can resume it. I
wish to be heard upon my amendment.
Mr. STANTON. That point of order 1ms
been decided long ago.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Bayly] rises in his place afrd states that
he had not yielded the floor, and that therefore it
is not competent for the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Cable] to take the floor to make the motion to go
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. CABLE. I had supposed that, at the ex-
piration of the morning hour, I had even the right
to take the floor from the gentleman to make the
motion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
homestead bill is a special order in the Committee
of the Whole on the stateof the Union, but not in
the House. That must be considered in commit-
tee, and cannot arrest business in the House.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Has not the morning hour
expired ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot take
the floor from (he gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Bayly] to move to go into the Committed of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
In regard to the point of order which has'been
raised, the Chair knows of no rule by which the
House of Representatives could distinguish very
clearly between the duties assigned, to the Joint
Committee on the Public Printing, and those as-
signed to any portion of the members of that com-
mittee. It is rather an embarrassing question.
By the joint resolution of the two Houses a Joint
Committeeon thePublicPrmtinghas been created.
There is a clause in that resolution which the
Chair begs leave to repeat. It is, that all motions
to print extra numbers of any bill, paper, or doc-
ument, in either House, shall be referred to the
members of the committee of that House, who
shall report upon the propriety of printing, and
the probable expense therefor. The Chair has
not had time to look to the whole law upon the
subject, and is therefore, to some extent, groping
in the dark. The Chair,(hovvever,isnotdisposea
to make that distinction between the committee
and the members of the committee.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I was about to say, in
support of the view of the Chair, that we have
the right to commit to the Committee on Printing
anything we think proper, whether a part of the
committee made the report or not.
Mr. GORMAN. That matter is out of order
now.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I stand corrected. It is
out of order.
The SPEAKER. It makes no difference to the
House whether this report came from the whole
of the joint committee, or whether it emanated
from tlie members of the committee on the part of
the House. It is regularly here, and may be com-
mitted to the Committee on the Judiciary, or any
other committee.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I understand
the proposition to be, to recommit the report; and
I understand the law to be that all sucn propo-
sitions as this shall be committed, not to the Joint
Committee on Printing, but to the members of
that committee which belong to this House. But
I understand the Chair now to decide that this
House can instruct one half of that committee,-
directly against the law.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decided that this
House will determine for itself what will be the ef-
fect of its action. The Chair decides that it is in
order to recommit this report to the Committee on
Printing.
[A message was here received from the Presi-
dent of the United States, by'Milled P. Fill-
moue, his Private Secretary, announcing that he
had signed sundry bills passed by Congress.]
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, x wish to present
another view of this subject to the House. The
joint resolution provides that when a motion is
made to print an extra number of any document
it shall be referred to th* members of the joint
Committee on Printing of the House in which the
motion is made. Now upon the original motion
to print fifty thousand copies of the Patent Office
Report, would it be competent for any member of
this House to move to refer that motion to the
joint committee of the two Houses, in direct vio-
lation of the joint resolution, passed by both
Houses of Congress, and approved by the Pres-
ident? And is it strictly in accordance with that
clause in the Constitution which prescribes thateach
House shall prescribe the rules of its proceeding
and government? Now, if it would not be in
