2116
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 6,
men on this floor. Sir, they are under the pro-
tection of Congress. We legislate for this District
absolutely, anl it is our duty, in a just, ay, and
in a liberal spirit, to pass laws for their benefit,
without seizing every occasion that presents itself
to heap insult upon them. I hope that this com-
mittee, without entertaining these amendments
which are constantly offered, will vote an appro-
priation corresponding with the amount that is
recommended by the Committee on Public Build-
ings for the repair of these bridges, because it is
work that is absolutely necessary to be done.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment to the amendment, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, moved to amend
the amendment by striking out $4,850, and insert-
ing $4,875.
Mr. S. said: The gentleman from Tennessee
[Mr. Jones] says that "when the bill was pending
for the purchase of this bridge, an individual
stockholder was very active in getting the bill
passed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I said the owner
of one of these bridges.
Mr. STANTON. Well, the owner of one of
these bridges may have taken an interest in this
matter; but he was the owner of the smaller of
the two bridges. I now hold in my hand a me-
morial which was offered at the time this bill was
pending before this House, and the memorial re-
monstrates against the passage of the law because
it would inflict a gross injustice upon the stock-
holders of the company. The memorial is under
consideration by the Committee on the Judiciary,
at this moment.
The memorial is from the president and directors
of the company, and shows the value of the stock
held by them. I read all but the formal parts:
"That it ha^eome to the knowledge of your memorialist*
that a hill has passed the Senate of the United States, and
is now before your honorable body, appropriating the sum of
$30,000 to provide for a free bridge over the Eastern Branch,
between tlie city of Washington and the State of Maryland,
either by the purchase of one or both of the bridges already
erected, (il'thcy can bf purrha^ed for that sum,) or by the
erection of a free bridge, in ease the propjrietoi^ of the ex-
isting bridges should decline giving them up for the sum
proposed.
" Your memorialists have entire confidcncc in the desire
of Congress to do not only iliat which is liberal to the Dis-
trict, but aho just to individuals, and they feel assured,
that m order to secure the speedy rejection of the bill
alluded to, or else i>ueh an increase m tlie appropnation as
Will be pulhcient to give to individual owners the cost and
actual value of their property, it is only necessary to make
.known to your honoinble body the faet, that in the bill
above-mentioned, the Congress of tlie United States pic-
sents to the Navy-Yard Biirigc Company the unpleasant
alternative of the entire destruction, in value, of then
property in tlie erection of a free biidge at the side of their
own, or the surrender of their property at a large sacrifice,
by an involuntary sale, upon terms as to the fairness of
which they have not been couMilted, yet into acquiescence
in which they are by the bill morally coerced; the poor
choice (if choice it can he called) of taking a part of that
which they held on the faith of a Congressional charter, or
losing the whole.
i( Your memorialist1:, do not for a moment suppose thatthi«
alternative was presented in the bill for the pttrpote of co-
cercing a *ale at a burdensome lo-s to individuals, but, on
the contrary, that the sum appropriated was supposed to
be sufficient to cover the full value of tlie existing budges.
Your memorialists, theieforc, deeming a notice ol the tact all
tbdt is nece-saiy in such a body to secure ihem from injus
tice and loss, would simply state, that their capita) sloek is
$37,500, on winch they legulaily leceive a piofit of b\x pei
cent, per annum, after defraying expenses for repans,
bridge keeper. &c., and reserving a handsome sum for ex-
traordinary emergencies; forthecoirectness of which state-
ment thev invite an inspection of their hooks and papeis.
il Whilst, therefore, your memoualists are not anxious
to part with property which yields so sure and regular an
income, they would nevertheless not wish to stand in the
way ot the public interest and convenience, if the actual
cost and value of their property should be offered them,
notwithstanding its value is yearly increasing. Their ob-
ject is not to drive a bargain, but to t>hield themselves from
jus*.
u Your memorialist'? would therefore respectfully pro-
pose that the appropriation should be iaised to a sum suffi-
cient for the tair purchase of the two biidges, or else, that
an act should be passed authorizing the Secretary of tlie
Tieasury to pav such a sum as three disinterested individ-
uals should award after a full examination of budges, books,
and papeis, and of such facts as may be brought to their
knowledge."
Mr. SKELTON. Mr. Chairman, in the re-
marks which have just fallen from the honorable
Representative from Kentucky, [Mr. Breckin-
ridge,] he speaks of the overflowing of bile upon
the part of gentlemen upon this floor against the
inhabitants of this District. Now, sir, I rise for
the purpose of setting myself right upon this sub-
ject before this House, the District of Columbia,
and the country. I have no bile, nor have I over-
flowed any upon the people of this District; nor
have 1 intended to use disrespectful language to
the people of the District. The position which 1
assumed yesterday, and which I assume here to-
day, is this: I stated distinctly on yesterday that
I had too much respect for the people of the Dis-
trict of Columbia to encourage them to pursue a
policy calculated, in my opinion, to foster in their
minds a spirit of pauperism. I was not disposed
to encourage them to come here every session of
Congress and ask us for bounties, because I be-
lieve that where that spirit is encouraged it has a
tendency to degrade the people where it is en-
couraged. Now, I say once for all, that this was
not that overflowing of bile which the gentleman
from Kentucky has denounced.
But what excites the intemperate zeal of the
gentleman who advocates the making of these
grants to this people? Cannot he return proper
respect and decency to men who entertain differ-
ent sentiments from himself? Cannot he withhold
his slanderous charges? And the gentleman from
Arkansas, [Mr. Johnson,] who hurled his slan-
ders at me and my State on yesterday, because I
took the liberty of an independent freeman in ex-
pressing my sentiments fearlessly in the face of
the public sentiment of this District—I say to that
gentleman, that it is my intention to improve the
earliest possible opportunity—and I will do it to-
day if the House will give me permission—to de-
fend my State and its institutions from the foul
charges which have been hurled against it and
them, upon this floor, contrary to the rules of
order which should govern every gentleman upon
this floor. I ask the House if they will grant me
the privilege of defending my State from these
charges, which have, contrary to the rules of this
House, been made against her and her institu-
tions?
[Cries of " No!" " No !" and " Agreed !"]
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman must con-
fine himself strictly to the subject of the amend-
ment under consideration.
Mr. SKELTON. Well, sir, then I will take
the earliest opportunity—the first which presents
itself—to repel the unjust charges against my
State and her Representatives.
[Cries of " Order !" "Order!"]
Mr. SKELTON. A few words now with re-
gard to the argument which is presented by gen-
tlemen upon the other side of the House—an ar-
gument upon which I wish to show you that this
proposition is based upon injustice, and it is upon
this principle alone that I oppose the appropria-
tion. It is this: The gentleman from Connecticut
[Mr. Cleveland] tells us that because-we have
made or purchased these bridges, and furnished
them to the inhabitants of the Distnctfreeof cost,
we must now keep them in repair. Why, sir, I
ask the gentleman what he would think if he
were to present me with a valuable house, and
then I were to turn round and tell him, " You
have given me a house, and now it is your duty to
keep it in repair!" Why, sir, the logic is false.
Theie is no principle of justice upon which it can
be sustained. If we have been generous and lib-
eral to the people of this District, that is no reason
why it should be demanded of us that we should
continue that liberality. Sir, I came here to advo-
cate principles of justice, and 1 demand of the
Representatives upon this floor that they shall act
upon principles of justice as well as generosity to
the people of this District. What reason is there
that they should pension themselves upon our gen-
erosity ?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. One word in
reply to the gentleman from New Jersey, [Mr.
Skf.lton.]
The CHAIRMAN. No further debate is in
order.
The amendment to the amendment was then re-
jected.
The motion then recurred upon Mr. Johnson's
amendment.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I do not propose to
make a five minutes speech, but I move to reduce
the appropriation one dollar, for the purpose of
saying that the gentleman from New Jersey 
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will be com-
pelled to restrict debate within a very narrow com-
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Very well; I have
only a word to say upon this matter. I wish to
say, as a preliminary remark, that the gentleman
from New-Jersey was altogether mistaken when he
supposed that I intended any reflection upon him-
self, or any other member of the House. I did
speak of the members of this House pouring out
their superfluous bile upon the people of this Dis-
trict.
Mr. SKELTON. Is that very respectful lan-
guage to the members of this House?
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. The gentleman will
be kind enough to take his seat. I was about to
exempt him 
Mr. CABLE, of Ohio. I call the gentleman
from Kentucky to order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman must con-
fine himself to the amendment.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I have only a word
more. I was proceeding to say, that according to
the statement of the gentleman from New Jersey,
the observation I made did not apply to him, for
he has exempted himself from the scope of the
remark by declaring that he entertained no such
feelings. 1 therefore desire to say, that I meant
no reflection upon him or any other member of
the House.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish merely to
say to those who may be interested, that the me-
morial from which the gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. Stanton] read, remonstrating against the
purchase of this upper bridge was by the owners
of the lower one. They remonstrated against the
injustice which would be done them by purchasing
the upper bridge and making it free, without pur-
chasing the other also; and the effect cf the me-
morial was to induce Congress to purchase both
bridges instead of one. That is the fact of the
case in reference to this memorial.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, (Mr. Jones
yielding,) said: I am opposed to this amendment.
But I desire to state that m debate yesterday upon
the subject of these bridges, while speaking of the
position in which the people of this District would
be placed by the allegations made by the gentle-
man from New Jersey, [Mr. Skelton,] that they
would be made paupers by appropriations of this
sort, I alluded to what I had just been informed
of by a gentleman whom I supposed to be a gen-
tleman of truth, that a tax was levied in the State
of New Jersey on strangers passing through.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman is not in
order. •
Mr. JOHNSON. I said nothing with any un-
kind feeling. I indicated no unkindness either in
manner or anything else.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I call the
gentleman to order.
Mr. JOHNSON. There was no personality
mixed with my remarks, and you must 
Mr. STEVENS. I call the gentleman to order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ar-
kansas is called to order by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania. The gentleman will state his point
of order.
Mr. STEVENS. I cannot see what the gentle-
man's remarks have to do with striking out one
dollar. [Laughter.]
Mr. JOHNSON. The gentleman's humor is
good humor, and he will always carry his point.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment to the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. STEPHENS, ofGeorgia. I think we have
consumed time enough upon this appropnation.
| I wish, however, to submit an amendment to the
amendment of the gentleman from Arkansas. I
move to strike out $4,850, and insert $4,999. I
hope the committee will come to an immediate
vote upon the appropriation. I suppose our minds
are as much made up now as they ever will be
with regard to it.
1 will say but a word or two in explanation of
my amendment. Five thousand dollars, I think,
is thesum estimated by the Commissioner of Pub-
lic Buildings as necessary to keep up these bridges.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. Eight thou-
sand dollars was the estimate of the Commissioner
of Public Buildings. The Committee on Public
Buildings recommended but $5,000.
Mr. STEPHENS. Ah, it was the committee
then who recommended the $5,000. Well, sir,
$5,000 is perhaps, then, too small an amount; but
at least it is as small an amount as will be neces-
sary. Now, I concur with the gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. Breckinridge,] who replied to
the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,] that
whether these bridges ought to have been bought
