340
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 21,
M. Clayton, Secretary of;State. In repiy, I have the honor ;
to inform you, that I have directed a careful search to be ,
made, the result of which, as reported to me, is, that no !
such letter u now or ever has been on file in the Depait- ,
ment. The .system in use here for the transaction of busi-
ness, seems vo well adapted for the security of the public
and that of individuals, and imposes such cheeks and re-
f,pon?jb}h*tiPs upon persons employed in the Department,
that it may be said to be impossible for any letter to have
been received at the Department without being found either
on the file to vhieh it belongs, without being mentioned in
the register which is fcept of all letters received, or in the
register of the Keeper of the Archives, with whom all
letters are lodged when answered. The fact, too, that there
is no diatt or record in the Department of any reply to the
letter to which von refer, renders it still more certain that it
could not have been received.
I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedi-
ent servant, DANIEL WEBSTER.
To the Hon. Thomas H. I3a"?lv,
House oj Representative?.
That is not all. In one of bis memorials, he
tells you that Reverdy Johnson had agreed to I
carry out his- arrangement. Here is Johnson's
reply to his statement:
* Washington, '30th January, 185-1.
My bear Sir: Your letter of the 28th, inclosing me a
copy 0! a memorial of I. f). Marks* to the present Congress,
and calling my attention to a paragraph in it, in which iny i
name i-> u^ed,'l hovejust iccenetl.
After stating what is said to have occurred between the
late Secretary of State and the memorialist, iu relation to
ths Mexican indemnity installments jot due, it then states
that " subsequently, your memorialist was also assured by
1 Mr. Johnson, then Attorney General, who had been chaiged
'by the late President with the payment of part of the pieviouj.
1 installment, that if your memorialist could make «wh an
'arrangement with the Mexican Government (the atrange-
' ment referied to in a preceding pait of the paper) it should
< be concurred m,a d carried out by the Government ot the
((Tinted States."
TJiw passage greatly surprises me, I have no recollec-
tion of ever having seen the parlies at the time alluded to,
or at any other time; and certainly, if mistaken as tp tins,
never jjave htm, or to any petvon m his behalf, any such
assuiance; nor could 1, with theloa^t propuety, have given
any. The ^ubjoci was one with which I had no official
concern. It is uue that I did neqoiiate for a poition o! one
of the installments, but it was by the especial request of
President Tayloi, and with the a^ent of the Secretane* ol
State and Txia-ury. With that ii'^otialmii my connection
with the Mibjcet terminated, and 1, of course, had not, nor
could.) supp'^-e anyone iiete thought tluu I had, the slight-
est antiioutv to give any such as*uraiK c.
With leiraid, vour obedient se«vant,
lU^V'V JOHNSON.
W. XV. Corcoran, Es-q j Washington.
This memorial of Marks was Green's produc-
tion.
This is still not all. Here is a memorial the
Greens sent to the Committee of Ways and
Means at the last session, and 1 will read one
paragraph of it. It is written by them, in the j
handwriting of one of them, and placed m my
hands by them:
<{ Sir : it has been fal«ely rumored that the Mexican
Gt.v. iuiuciit lms* abrogated the contract made with Mr.
Matk<} 1 h™ h-ave to submit to your eomimtteo that the
ino^t i-'< enr advi« es from Mexico are contained in the in-
sti Mctiou -i !km'i JJon Manuel Pa\ no, Minister of Finance
t" i#oii Jo <• Antonio Limit's, the ronfidcniit/l agent oj the
3Tc.'ic<<p (r.n-crjnnci-it, now hcie waiting to reconvey the
diai'i-. wIkm accepted, to Mcuco. Tht.-e n^ttuctions
<•!'. ari} '•how tli.it the Meuc.m Government, s-o Jar from
ahroirarmji \F  Maik*\ eontmct, i-s vety an\iom that it
should i>;' eiin icd into eJleet, and hopes thr>t the drafts for
the fouiili lu-Mallnient, at least, will lie accepted. In hn
l<i-t letter of injunction4* to Mr Lnaies, the Mexican Min-
ister of Finance, says : 1 The aliau is "very delicate, and I
Mheicime lecommend to you the jriealc-t piudcnce and
e tion, Hiiee T do nor wirdi that it should be intei pretcd
4 (that oni puipose wa«) r<> oppose the op ration^ of Mr.
< W"h -t**:, and much 1 ins that thete should be manife*ted
' dnectlv oi in any wa\ a mr-tru-t, which does not e\ist.
< I ;>Ko w i-h that it should not be c«a d, a^- it is said, that m-
4 dividual-', n, U)<> Coveiiiment are to rorcive for themselves
{ c p-.rt (of the profits) oj the indemnity; for besides tlu/t
' '•/;!% is not on >a)n, it i-s an often ec to the Government and
< the individuals who eompo-c it. I charge you, thuie-
' fore, that giunff to the aJfan Ltie aspect of'good faith and
i franlne^y which it lias and oti'jlu to have, joii proceed
''-verythm:: with the grcatestfact and discretion. "r *
£T recommend that iou u->e ail nece-
aiy cneumspcction
'not to wound Mr. Webster, u-^mg for youi jjiudanee the :i
' fact that [ have seen myself foired to negotiate u ith the j
' a<:uit of the IJanngs lor some advances on account oi the j
' linl^nimty.' *' ! j
What these asteriskscover I do tint know. Prom ' |
the character of what is disclosed we may con- 'I
jeeture the character of that which it was thought '
necessary to conceal. Why all this mystery in so 1!
plain a transaction ?
Before leaving the memorial of the Greens to ■'!
the President, I desire to call attention to the ques-
tian of veracity which they say exists between '
Mr. Webster and myself. On "the 10th of Feb- ■
rnary, 3851, the Senate passed a resolution calling '
upon the President " to communicate to the Sen*
' ate, if compatible with the public interest, all the :
* information communicated to him by the Mexican '
4 Minister, M. De la fto?a, relative to the drafts !
4 drawn by the Mexican Government on the Treas-
' ury of the United States, under the contract made
* by that Government with I. D. Marks, and the
' wishes of the Mexican Government in relation
i thereto."
To this Mr. Webster replied,i( that there is no
1 information of the character referred to in this
1 Department, nor is the Secretary of State aware
* that Mr. De 1$ Rosa has at any time commum-
' cated to the President or to this Department any
'such information." And to this letter of Mr.
Webster he annexes a letter of the Mexican Min-
ister to him, covering four letters from the Mex-
ican Government to their Minister. Well, what
did I say ? Subsequently, on the 26th of February,
in reply to Mr. Burt, I am reported to have said
" there has been a good deal of correspondence
between the Mexican Minister, the Mexican Gov-
ernment, and Mr. Webster." Did Mr. Webster
say that there had been no correspondence? In
his message to the Senate, he transmitted corre-
spondence attached to it. Ifc is thus evident there
is no issue between Mr. Webster and myself.
For the reasons I have given, the Government
ought never for a moment to have lent its ear to
the Greens.
Sir, our Government has had some dear-bought
experience m conducting money transactions with
Mexico through irresponsible persons. It will be
recollected, that in 1844 our Minister in Mexico
informed us that the April and July installments
of the indemnity due our citizens from Mexico,
under the treaty of 1843, had been paid to our
agent, and paid in money, which the Mexican
Government had great difficulty in raising. After
this dispatch came in, these claimants went to the
Treasury to get their funds, but they were in-
formed that nothing had been received. The Mex-
ican Government had our receipt for the money.
Our Minister said that it had been paid, and had
been paid in money.
The following is the part of Mr. Shannon's
dispatch:
"The installments which fell due on the 30th of April
and the 30th of July last, under the convention of the iloth
of January, IW3, vveie paid to the agent of the Govern-
ment appointed to iceeive and transmit the same, on the
o?!h ultimo. 1 am inclined to believe tin-* Goveinment will
lieicaitci he moie piompt in meeting its cmrnqements under
the above-named tieaty than it has heretofore been ; and if
it .should tiuii out otherwise, it will bo owing to a leal in-
ability to iai<e the means. 1 am advised that it was with
the utmost difficulty that this Government was able to raise
the money to pa} tlie two last installments."
Thnt is what Mr. Shannon says.
I have here also the ofllual dispatch of the Sec-
retary of State of Mexico to Mr. Shannon:
[Til VVSIjATION ]
To his Exccllcvcy JVil-ion Shununn,Knvoy Extraordinary,
m'c., of the United States of ^imericti.
National Pat, vcf,Mkxico, September % 1844.
The underMfiftied, Mnn«-tei of Foieijpi Relations, has the
honor of infonning ln<s l-'xcellenej the Envoy Extraordi-
nary and Mnustei Plenipotentian of tlie (Jmled Stales of
America, that on the.-r.tb of last Angu-t he was appiised
by hia Excellency the Minister oi Finance, that the quar-
terly installment due on the 30th of Apnl of this vear, and
that winch fell due on the ttOrh July last, had been paid to
the aj-cnt appointed by the Government of satd >State^. ac-
eoidirj" to the fernis of the Convention of January 30. 1813,
and that this notice had been dclajed m consequence of the
va*t amount ot biiMriess which engrossed the attention of
that Dcpaitment.
The undeisigned availshimself of this oerasion, &e.3 &c.
MANGEL CRESIKNOIO JIEJON.
In November, 1841, Mr. Shannon again ad-
dressed his Government upon the subject of the
payment of the Mexican installments. It is full
of complaints of Mexico. In it he informs our
Government that the October installment had not
been paid, and he complains bitterly of it. Yet
he says not a word about the July and April in-
stallments, whic.h he before had informed his
Government had been paid.
In consequence of the assurance that it had
been paid, and paid in money, the American Con-
gress passed the following provision:
"For paying the Apnl and July installments of the
Mexican indemnities, due in 1814,"the Mim of $2^5,000:
Provided, It shall be asceitimed to the satisfaction of the
American Government thut said iyistalhncnts have been
paid by the Mexican Government to the agent appointed
by the United States to receive the ^ainu, ini i>uch manner
as to discharge all claiuis on the. Mr.ririin Goveo nmcnt, and
said agent to be a delinquent in remitting the money to the
United Statcs.,,
After the passage of the law to which I have
referred, Mr. Polk, through Mr. Slidell and our
Consul in Mexico, Mr. Black, instituted an in-
quiry in Mexico to ascertain, if possible, whether
the contingency provided for it had happened.
He became satisfied it had, and the money was
paid.
The appropriation was on the condition that the1
money had been received—4hat the Mexican Gov-
ernment had been fully discharged, a d that our
agent was delinquent in sending the naoney to the
Treasury. Now, sir, who was that agent? It
was Benjv E. Green? one of these memorialists*
Here is the'authority: On the 28th of April he was
appointed by Mr. "Tyler the agent to receive the
April installment, and he importuned the Mexican
Government almost daily for the payment of it,
from the time it became due to the 24th of July,
In his letter of the 24th of July lie protests in the
strongest manner against the failure tff the Gov-
ernment of Mexico to pay the April installment.
From the 24th of July nothing is heard from him.
Why did his importunities cease from that day if
the money had not been paid, as he says it wasnot?
It is true Green, by his power of attorney, was;
authorized to appoint a sub-agent. But he was
on the spot, and ought to have been advised what
his sub-agent was doing. Besides, he had positive'
instructions from the Treasury Department. Here
they arer
Treasury Department, Jipril Gfr, 1844.
Sir : It is the wish and direction of this Department that
any^payment made you, under the convention with Mexico,
may be transmitted hither under the ariangement made bv
General Thompson with the house of Ilurgous, Brothers
4' Co. Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
JNO. G\ SPENCER, Secretary Treasury,
B.E. Green, Ckarg6 d'affaires of the U. S. Jl.
From this instruction, it will be seen that it was
contemplated by this Government that Green was
to receive the money, and the agency of Hargousr
<Sc Co. was to transmit it. But instead of that, he-
employed E. Voss to receive the money; and as
it has turned out, I am told, greatly to our loss,
that he employed him in his individual character*
i and the house of Hargous &. Co. have refused to
! be bound for his acts.
i I know that Judge Bibb, in January, 1845,
I stated that in the appointment of Green it was not
\ designed to revoke the power before given to
| General Thompson. But we can judge of the
| intentions of the Government in 1844, as well as
I Judge Bibb, for we have their written instructions,
I which speak for themselves. Besides, this is a
i question of law, and not of intention; and surely
j no one will maintain that the power of attorney
j to Green was not a revocation of the prior one to.
I Thompson, who had left the country. Green so
understood it, for in his letter to the Minister of
Foreign Affairs of the 18th of May, 1844, he re-
gards it as necessary to inform him that Voss was
empowered to receive the money.
Green, in his letter to Mr. Calhoun of the 25th
of January, 1845, says that the money never was
paid except by orders upon an empty treasury.
In other words, it was not paid at all. But,
Mr. Slidell shows that by the arrangement which
was made with Tayleur, Jamison & Co., the-
Mexican drafts were to be drawn in their favor>
and they were to provide for the installments in
u effective money." That is the terms of the ar-
rangement which was acceded to by the Mexi-
can Government on the 27th of August, the day
they say the money was paid. The arrangement,
apparently, was a very advantageous one to the
house of Tayleur, Jamison &. Co., and was a hard
one on Mexico. It gave them in drafts upwards
of $100,000 more than they have to pay in " effec-
tive money." And it was with reference to it, I
suppose, that Mr. Shannon spoke when he re-
ferred to the difficulty Mexico had had in raising-
the money.
If, as Green says, his sub-attorney took drafts
upon an empty Treasury, and gave a receipt in
full without waiting to see whether they would
be paid or not, he violated the treaty.
i The treaty provided that the money should be
\ paid in gold and silver; and was made so to avoid
! the danger of paper orders. The convention was
| first agreed upon for a payment in notes upon the
I American Treasury, and to pay down the whole
i indemnities at once. This article was changed by
j a subsequent convention from a paper payment to
i a hard-money payment, by a prompt payment of
! the whole extended into five years' quarterly in-
stallments in gold and silver. This was the con-
vention; and after that, to take orders on the
Treasury was illegal, and doing what the second
convention was made to prevent. Green and his
substitute had no more right to vary this treaty,
