1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1253
order, originally, to move to commit to the Joint
Committee on Printing, it certainly is not compe-
tent to move to recommit a report of the House
branch of the committee, upon a subject which
has been referred, to that committee. It cannot
he competent or in order, as I think, to entertain
a motion to recommit that report to the Joint Com-
mittee on Printing. It is not a recpmmital, bec.aue
the subject'has never been referred to that joint
committee. I make the point of order, first,' that
it would not be in order to move originally to refer
, the subject to that committee; and, second, that it
is not ii> order, and the motion cannot be enter-
tained, to recommit to that committee after the re-
port has been made.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I beg leave to say that
under a proper suggestion, I have stricken out the
syllabh' " re, "'so as to relieve the gentleman from
the difficulty—so as to provide tocommit the re-
port to the Committee on Public Printing.
Mr. JONES. Then it is out of order, because
we have no power to commit it to that committee
at all. ft it is an indirect violation of the joint
resolution. And I further.maintain that the reso-
lution cannot,be introduced here except by unani-
mous consent.
.Mr. CLINGMAN. In reply to my friend from
Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,} I will say that report is
now under considesation, and we have the right
to refer it to any of the standing committees of the
House; or to a select committee. My resolution
is based upon the report now tinder considera-
tion.
Mr. JONES. I do not understand how we have
the right to recommit this to any committee of the
House in-direct violation of the laws of the land,
which are a part of the rules of this House, be-
cause made so by the proper authority.
Mr. GORMAN obtained the floor.
The SPEAKER, Is there an appeal from the
di'scision of the Chair? for this debate is irregular
unless an appeal is taken.
Mr. GORMAN. No, sir. I do not take an
appeal, I do not care about it one way or the other.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order made by the gentleman from Ten-
nessee, [Mr. Jones,] upon the ground that there
can be no question that this report is regularly
and properly here, from the members of the Com-
mittee < -i Printing belonging to this House, and
the Chan" thinks the Househas the power to refer
it to whom it chooses. It may refer it to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, or
to any other committee of the House, notwith-
standing the fact, that When the original motion
was made to print theextra numbers, it must have
been referred to the Committee on Printing. But
it was referred to that committee, and was reported
upon by them; and the Chair thinks that it is
competent for the House now to make any dispo-
sition of that report which it may think proper.
That is the decision of the Chair.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I appeal from
that decision.
Mr. CARTTER. I move to lay that appeal on
the table.
Mr. STslNTON. The gentleman from Ohio,
I apprehend, cannot take the floor from me to
make that motion.
I submit tli£>t the decision just announced by
the Chair, is nothing more nor less than to put a
stop to the public printing. He may not have
intended it, but such is the effect. But to adopt
that decision, would be perfectly nugatory, for it
is in direct violation of an express provision of the
law which was read in the hearing of the House
this morning; and which being a law passed by
both Houses of Congress, and signed by the Pres-
. ident of the United States, is, at least, as high au-
thority as any rule of this House, if any rule
could be made in contradiction of that law.
Here is a proposition to print fifty thousand
copies of the Patent Office Report. The law which
has been read this morning, provides that that re-
port shali be referred to the members of the Com-
mittee on Printing belonging to the House, and to
no other committee. It requires that this subject
shall go to them. Yet now"your proposition is,
that this report shall be committed to the Joint
Committee on Printing—and for what? That the
Joint Committee on Printing shall report that five
thousand, or seventy-five thousand, or any other
number of copies shall be printed, although the
law requires that such a proposition shall emanate
not from the joint committee^ but from the mem-
bers of that committee belonging ta this House.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. I understand that
this question of order has been decided once, upon
the appeal of the gentleman from Michigan, [Mr.
Stuart.] Now, I submit that this same question
cannot be made over and 'over again.
A Member. It is the same question precisely.
The SPEAKER. The appeal taken by the
gentleman from Michigan, was upon the ground
that the instructions were not legitimate—that it
was not competent for the House to make them.
The gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Stanton]"
insists that we cannot commit to that committee
at all.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. I did not so under-
stand it. I thought the points made by the gen-
tleman" were the same.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. There is no
point in the case I have made which has been
heretofore decided—not at all. This was a re-
port emanating by virtue of the law which was
read this morning, not from the joint committee,
but from the members of that committee from
this House. It was made in the performance of
the duties devolving by law upon these members
of that committee. Now, in connection with the
proposition which peculiarly belongs to the House
members of-the committee, it is proposed to go
into the whole policy of the public printing.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. As I served upon
the Committee on Printing in the last Congress, it
will not be improper for me to state, that the prac-
tice has been invariably, under that law, that each
branch of Congress authorized or ordered the
extra numbers of every document for its own use,
and each branch of the committee has always con-
sidered the propriety of printing the extra num-
bers belonging to its own House. And there is
good reason for it. Suppose the House should
propose to order 500,000 copies of a document to
be printed. This committee is constituted of an
equal number from both Houses; and suppose the
Senate portion of it should refuse to concur with
the House Committee. In that case the House
could not control its own printing.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. That is the
true spirit, and that is the substance of the law,
and I have no doubt that it was upon that consid-
eratipn that the law was based. Eut the point I
make now is, the incongruity and the inconsist-
ency of appending instructions to a report, ema-
nating from that part of the committee which be-
longs to this House, made in the performance of
functions which properly belong to it, and in send-
ing that same report back to the joint committee, j
and giving instiuctions which go to the whole j
policy of the public printing, and to the alteration i
of the law. !
Mr. CLINGMAN. Will the gentleman allow ;
me to ask him a question? ^ i
Mr. STANTON. Certainly. i
Mr. CLINGMAN. I will then ask my friend j
from Tennessee, if any member should introduce
apioposition here upon the subject of printing,
as he might do when resolutions or bills are called
for, whether it would not be competent for the |
House to refer that, or any other report relating j
to that subject, to the Committee on Printing?
Mr. STANTON. If it were a proposition to .
print extra numbers, you could not refer it to the :
Committee on Printing, because the law says that
such a proposition shall go to the members of that ,
committee who are members of this House. The ;
effect of that law is to constitute the memb :rs of ■
this House who are upon that committee a quasi j
committee—a committee for this particular pur- |
pose—and by virtue of that law, such a proposi-
tion must go to that committee, and you can send i
it to no other. Now, the effect of this proposition ,
of the gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Cunc.- !
man] is, to send the proposition to print extra I
copies, together with his instructions, to the Joint 1
Committee on Printing; which is contrary to law. j
Mr. C ARTTER. I move to lay the appeal on
the table.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would call the '
attention of the House for a single moment to the
view which he feels clear in taking upon the sub-
ject. The gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Stan- i
ton] wiil not doubt that this report is properly ,
before the Housefor its consideration.
Mr. STANTON. That is, the motion for fifty '
thousand extra copies ? Not at all. •
i The SPEAKER. The House may adqpt -it,
! or-amend it with the amendment, or they might
i refer it under the law.
! Mr. STANTON., Except where the law says
! it shall be referred to a particular comfni'ttee.
The SPEAKER.' So the law says that all
! questions relating to constitutional questions,„Qr
! involving law questions, shali go to the.Commft-
tee on the Judiciary; all questions relating to
'finance*, to the Committee oil Ways and Means;
and all questions involving the right of a member
to his seat, to the Committee on Elections. The
taw has been complied with in' that respect in re-
! gard to this matter.
j Mr. STANTON. If the Chair will allow me,
I I would ask if there is any law relating t6 those
j committees, such as relates to the Committee on
l Printing? and are not the duties of the Judiciary
| Committee, and of other committees, regulated
only by the rules of the House? ' '
| The SPEAKER. The Chair would again re-
j peat, that, under the joint law of the two Houkes,
; this report is made by the members of this
; House, forming, as they do, a part of the general
j Committee on Printing. It is then properly here.
\ The law does require that" all questions in regard
j to printing extra numbers of afiy document or
j bill, shall go to that portion of the Printing Com-
mittee belonging to this House. The'law. has
, been complied with in that respect, and that
committee has made its report, which report is
subject to the direction of this House, and may,
in the opinion of the Chair, be committed to any
committee of this body, or be voted upon, passed,
or rejected. That is the decision of the Chair;
and from that decision the gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Stanton] takes an appeal. The
gentleman from Ohio [Mr.'Cartter] moves "to
Jay the appeal upon the table.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. Will the gentleman
allow me to ask a question? Is the,language of
that resolution to recommit to the House com-
mittee?
The SPEAKER. The language is to commit
it, not to recommit it. It is to commit this report
to the Joint Committee on Printing. The Chair
decides that it is in order.
Mr. BAYLY. How long has that been the
language of the resolution?
The SPEAKER. It was modified by the mover
some time ago.
Mr. BAYLY. It was done, then, when I was
upon the floor, and when he had no right to do it.
■The SPEAKER. The gentleman did notobject
to it. The gentleman from North Carolina [Sir.
Clingman] rose and proposed to do so, and the
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.Stanton,] who
had the floor upon a point Of order, gave the floor
for that purpose. lie made the modification, as
he certainly had a right to do, if he could get the
floor at all. , -
Mr. BAYLY. I was not aware that the gen-
tleman from Tennessee [Mr. Stanton] yielded
the floor.
The SPEAKER. He yielded for that express
purpose, the gentleman from North Carolina [Mr.
Clingman J appealing to him to do so.
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Cartter, and it was agreed to.
So the appeal was laid upon the table.'
Mr. BAYLY. I have heard n great deal, sir,
about the higher-law party in this country, and
the object of my amendment is to ascertain how
many of that 'hi<rher-law party there are in "this
House; and 1 undertake to say that my own opin-
ion is, that one of the branches of the Legislature
of the United States sets more examples of'higher
law" than any other body of the same„number.
They do it every day, sir, in riding down our
rules. By the Constitution of the United States,
each House has the authority to adopt its own
rules of proceeding. After they have done that,
those rules adopted in pursuance of the Constitu-
tion are precisely as much the law of this land as
any other laws, and yet this House constantly
undertakes to exercise the higher-law privilege of
running over those rules.  
Now, sir, there is, upon this occasion, a still
more palpable effort to assert the doctrine of the
highjr law, and I have moved mv aniejnhnent
with the design to see how many of the higher-law
oarty there are in this House.
By the law of 1846, this subject of the public
printing is committed to the Joint Committee on
