342
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 21,
ment'. The Minister of Finance informed the
Secretary of Foreign Affairs on the 27th of Au-
gust, prior to Shannon's presentation, that the
money had been paid some time before, and that
it was the pressure of business alone that had de-
layed the announcement.
Mr. GREY. Does the Mexican Government
now contend that that draft was paid ?
Mr. BAYLY. That is a very long matter. It
has been investigated, however; and if I get time
I will go into the whole matter.
" Benjamin E. Green's power of attorney in this
matter was not revoked by the arrival of Shan-
non; and Shannon, in a letter to the commission,
expressly states that, he had nothing to do with
it. I have got all the facts here, and if 1 have an
opportunity 1 am prepared to bring the whole of
them before the country. 1 had not time to do it
in my hour.
Mr. GREY. Do I understand the gentleman
to say that Hargous & Co. said they had never
receipted for this money?
Mr. BAYLY. They not only denied that they
had received it, but they satisfied the Government
that they had not done it; and four hundred thou-
sand and odd dollars were allowed to them by the
Mexican Commission here, without any reduc-
tion of the §270,000, because the Government was
satisfied that they had not received that money.
Mr. GREY. If I ani not greatly mistaken,
the Mexican Government showed that they had a
receipt from Hargous & Co. for the money. My
understanding of the matter is, that Hargous &
Co., as the agents of this Government, gave^a
receipt to the Mexican Government for the money
due, but that they had not received the money be-
cause they gave the receipt for a draft which has
never been paid.
Mr. BAYLY. The gentleman is mistaken.
One ground upon which they claimed exemption
was, that Mr. Voss, formerly a member of the
house of Hargous & Co., was made the agent by
Green, and that he gave the receipt in his indi-
vidual rapacity.
Mr. GREY. Then the fact is, that Hargous
& Co. were the agents of this Government, but
lh.it their clerk, Mr. Yoss, received this draft from
the Mexican Government and receipted for it.
Mr. BAYLY. Green employed Voss; Har-
gous & Co. did not.
Mr. GREY. Then, if that be the case, the
Mexican Government have no right to say that
they have paid the money, because they have
no receipt for it from the agents of this Govern-
ment, Hargous & Co. No one in Mexico had
a right to ghe a receipt for that money, except
[-iargous Co.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Mr. Chair-
man, it is my purpose to consume but a very small
portion of tin; time of this committee in the inves-
tigation of the subject now under-considcration.
Although I presume it is not strictly in order to
discuss this subject legitimately before the com-
mittee, yet I suppose it may be considered so.
Nevertheless, I shall, to some extent, confine my
remarks to the bill under consideration. I confess
that the scene we have just witnessed, and the one
which was witnessed in this House onyesterday,
are rather extraordinary ones. Now, I have said
that I would have nothing to do with the contro-
versy between the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Kj\i.v] and the Greens, or General Green and his
son, and I intend to have nothing to do with it;
but when we reflect for a fnoment, it will be ap-
parent to some gentlemen upon this floor, and to
others, when I refer to the discussion which took
place daring the last session, in relation to this
matter, who it was that made the first assault, and
who it was that dragged General Green and his
son into this discussion. It will be seen whether
they thrust themselves before the House, or came
voiuntji ily here as parties in this matter. When
we go back to the discussion which took place
during the last session of Congress upon the ques-
tion of appropriating three millions of dollars,
how doe? the matter stand ? We find that be-
cause these gentlemen tried to effect a negotiation
for the payment of that installment of the Mex-
ican indemnity, they were denounced in this
rTotise. Now, does it come with a good grace-
is if very becoming for a statesman, occupying the
lii-ii po-ition which the gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Bayly] occupies,^o travel beyond the limits
of this Hall, to take up an individual and drag
him before this House for the purpose of denoun-
cing him in terms the strongest which the English
language is capable of furnishing? But, as 1 have
said, it is not my purpose to meddle with,this
controversy between General Green and General
Bayly. They may fight it out. On this occasion
General Green, and his son especially, has been
brought before this House, and charges have
been preferred against him by the gentleman from
Virginia. Then, at the conclusion of his speech,
he informs the House and the country that he is a
lawyer of some experience, that he has served as
a judge, and that upon testimony weaker than
that which he has adduced upon this occasion
against Benjamin E. Green he would have sen-
tenced a man to the penitentiary. Why, this
would be a violation of one of the fundamental
laws of this Government. An individual has a
right to be heard by himself or by means of his
counsel. He is entitled to have an impartial jury,
and an impartial judge, to decide m his case. But
upon this occasion the prosecutor, jury, judge,
and all are imbodied in one person, and General
Green and his son have been tried, convicted,
and sentenced to the penitentiary by that person.
Now, this is anti-American; it is directly at war
with republican institutions, and in conflict with
the fundamental law of the land. But for the
purpose of making himself more clear, he holds
up Green as a traducer and calumniator. That in
times gone by he had even slandered and traduced
General Jackson. Sir, I am well aware that I
can say nothing to add to the fame of that illus-
trious man—a renown that will stand so long as an
American heart beats with one pulsation of patriot-
ism. It is not for me to pronounce a eulogy upon his
name; but if we were to go back and hunt up all
the individuals who had denounced the course of
General Jackson and his principles during the last
war, he would find a pretty large company to go with
General Green in this respect. But why hold up
General Jackson, who lives upon the pages of
history with a fame above all other men—a fame
that will outlive the assaults and shafts of calum-
ny, from whatever quarter they may be sped—
why then thrust forward Duff Green in this mat-
ter, because he did not happen to agree with Gen-
eral Jackson upon some questions? Has not the
gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Bayly] said about
as hard things of General Jackson on former oc-
casions as Duff Green ever did ? It seems to me
that he has. And I think the gentleman from
Virginia is not the man to pronounce eulogies and
hold up General Jackson's great character for the
purpose of aiding him in his denunciations of
others as the calumniators of General Jackson.
Now, I repeat again, that, so far as this contro-
versy id concerned, I intended to have little to do
with" it. But, as insignificant a man us Duff
Green is, it seems that the gentleman from Vir-
ginia has been a good deal roused by him. There
is a good deal of the gentleman from Virginia,
physically, and I will add mentally, too. His
mental powers are enclosed in a good deal of
flesh and blood, it is true; but we have upon this
occasion seen him physically and mentally roused
to his utmost capacity. We have seen his wrath,
physically and mentally, poured out upon even so
insignificant a character as Duff Green or Benja-
min E. Green, as the case may be. But I think
he has been roused upon this occasion to make a
display, rather than to produce facts which can
make up any tangible argument against the Greens.
However, this is a matter which he and General
Green may settle between themselves. One thing
is certain," there is considerable discrepancy be-
I tween the facts he presents to the committee, in
I the bitter assault he has made upon this individual,
ij which he lias not been able to reconcile. There
] seems to lie a tender point which the gentleman
1 from Virginia evidently dislikes to touch upon,
'I and he therefore assails General Green upon an-
i, other point, thereby diverting the public attention
from the point which is so tender to him.
Mr. BAYLY, (interrupting.) The gentleman
speaks of a point which is tender to me. Will the
gentleman from Tennessee be good enough to tell
me what that point is 5
Mr. JOHNSON. I inferred itfrom the gentle-
man's argument.
Mr. BAYLY. But what is that point?
Mr. JOHNSON, (resuming). If the gentleman
will hear me till I have concluded my remarks, I
shall come to it after a while.
Mr. Chairman, when we come to examine this
matter closely, what connection had General Green
or Benjamin E. Green with this transaction ? Did
they propose to make a contract with the Govern-
ment? Not at all. Has the gentleman from Vir-
ginia produced any proof that they did'propose to
contract with this Government? Not a word.
But he has assumed that they proposed to be con-
tractors, when they did not. What, then, be-
comes of his whole tirade ? What becomes of this
long catalogue of epithets, which he has poured
forth against these men, because they dare hold a
correspondence with the Mexican minister, in re-
lation to the best arrangement possible for the
payment of this money? Why, is he for this to
be held up before the American people, and de-
nounced by every opprobrious epithet which the
English language can supply? Is General Green
a contractor, or has he proposed to become a con-
tractor? Not at all. Why, then, abuse him?
Why lug him into this discussion ? Why hold
him up before the country ? Is it because the gen-
tleman from Virginia wants to have the existing
airangement carried into effect, no matter what
j the consequences may be? It seems^to me that
this last is clearly the reason. And the gentleman
[ fiom Virginia assumes to himself the prerogative
of instructing—not only of instructing, but abso-
lutely of dictating what shall be done in relation to
these installments, who shall pay them, and how
they shall be paid. That gentleman made an ar-
gument a few days since in relation to this matter;
and what was it ? He urged that this bill should be
passed immediately, and passed ill the shape in
which it is; and why? He says that the time is
drawing nigh when this money must be paid over
1 to the Mexican Government. And the inference
at least is, that unless the appropriation be made
' immediately for paying that installment, the result
j will be a great loss to the Government. Why,
sir, some twelve months ago the same argument
: was made in this Hall. But the gentleman at-
; tempts to prove that this is wholly ail Executive
1 transaction, and he makes an issue upon that point.
Now, let us examine this for a moment, and see
how the matter stands. I offered an amendment,
I to convey my ideas of this thing, authorizing the
; Secretary of the Treasury to pay the money to the
- Mexican authorities; and did I thereby propose to
take it away from the Executive power ? If it be-
longs to the Executive to conduct this transaction,
does not the Secretary of the Treasury belong to
the Executive Department as much as does the
Secretary of State ? And if the money be paid by
the Secretary of the Treasury, would it not be as
much an Executive transaction as if paid by the
! Secretary of State? I think so. What is the ar-
: gument of the gentleman from Virginia upon this
! subject' He says that during General Taylor's
I administration, a controversy arose between Sec-
' retary Clayton and Secretary Meredith, hot as to
who should handle the money, not as to who
should pocket the profits to be made by the opera-
tion , but as to who should escape the responsibility
of directing the payment. Mr. Meredith did not
want to be troubled with it—Secretary Clayton
! wanted to escape the responsibility—both wanted
! to get clear of it. But after the reorganization of
i the"Cabinet, how did the matter stand then? We
| find after Mr. Webster had come in as Secretary of
: State, and Corwm as Secretary of the Treasury,
I the scramble m relation to this Mexican indemnity
i assumed a very different character. It was not
| as to who should get clear of the responsibility,
; but who should make the payment, who should
handle the cash, and who should pocket the pro-
ceeds. I have been informed thata Cabinet meet-
j mg was held, and it was at length agreed that the
, Secretary of State was the most competent and
; suitable person, and because his position connected
: him more directly with the foreign relations of the
| country. What does this argument prove? It
i proves that with one Cabinet there was a dispute
[ as to who should get clear of responsibility, and
I with another Cabinet as to who should take the
responsibility and pocket the profits. What is the
conclusion to be drawn from this ? Is not the
conclusion clear and irresistible to every sound,
thinking man, that this House should hold the
purse-strings of this nation, as well as originate all
, bills creating revenue? We are responsible directly
; to the people, and should not shrink from that re-
sponsibihty. We should come up and say, in the
i! law, who shall transact the business connected
