2118
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 6,
We have spent more time upon the subject than
half a dozen such bridges are worth.
Mr. STANTON, if there is no objection, I
will withdraw my amendment.
No objection was made, anil the amendment
was withdrawn.
Mr. STROTHER submitted the following
amendment:
For the repair of the Potomac bridge, $15,000.
Mr. ORR. I rise to a question of order. The
amendment in relation to bridges, which was first
adopted, surrendered the bridges to the authorities
of the District of Columbia, and they are not now
under our control. [Laughter.]
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair cannot decide
what amendments the committee may or may not
adopt-. If they make incongruous legislation, it
is not for the uhairman to decide, and he there-
fore overrules the point of order.
Mr. STROTHER. If the bridges are to be
surrendered, there is nothing to forbid their being
surrendered in good order; and therefore the
amendment is in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has decided
the amendment to be in order.
Mr. STROTHER. Of course, I entertain the
opinion that the House will not surrender this
property to the District when the people of the
District are only partially interested in keeping up
this connection. Although it is important to the
people of the District that this connection should
be preserved, it is also important to the Govern-
ment and to the adjacent States; and the obliga-
tions put upon or undertaken by the Government
when these bridges were purchased, have accumu-
lated with the increase of the business and popu-
lation of the country.
It has been objected that this Long Bridge is not
at a place where the connection should be. The
adoption of the amendment I offer will not con-
flict with the erection of a permanent bridge at
another place. Even if, in the wisdom of Con-
gress^ permanent connection shall be established
elsewhere, m a mode that will reflect credit upon
the skill and far-seeing wisdom of the country in
the magnitude of its structure and its permanence,
its construction will occupy a great length of
time, during which, unless this bridge be repaired,
an important connection with the seat of Govern-
ment will be cut off. The sum I propose will place
this bridge in a condition in which all the uses re-
quired can be obtained. If it please Congress to
establish another bridge, then this outlay will be
more than compensated for by the uses of this
bridge daring the time occupied in the construc-
tion of a permanent one. Those, therefore, who
are in favor of the construction of a permanent
bridge elsewhere ought not to object to the placing
of this structure in that condition in which it can
be used during the erection of the permanent struc-
ture. I shall not go over the arguments which
have been urged heretofore, showing the necessity
of this appropriation. I entertain the hope that,
in any view the committee may take, it will be its
pleasure to adopttheamendment I have offered.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I am opposed to
the amendment. I am of the opinion, however,
that if it be the pleasure of Congress to construct
another bridge over the Potomac river, it should
not be constructed on the site of the Long Bridge,
which was recently washed away. It should be
above the head of navigation, at Georgetown. A
large portion of the old Long Bridge, between
the two channels of the Potomac, is a close dam,
and the river is rapidly filling up above it. It is
• said by many who live in that part of the city
around the President's House, that the health of
that locality is seriously affected thereby. Beforte
another bridge is constructed across the Potomac,
the matter should be referred to a proper officer of
the Government, who should examine and report
upon it, that it might be constructed in a proper
manner.
Mr. HOUSTON. I will state a fact in this
connection. The Commissioner of Public Build-
ings estimated $20,000 for the repair of the Long
Bridge before it was carried away by the late
freshet. If $20,000 was necessary then, the ap-
propriation now of the amount proposed by the
gentleman's amendment would be §15,000 abso-
lutely thrown away. The estimates of the Com-
missioner of Public Buildings must have been ut-
terly futile, and worse than that, or else this
$15,000, now proposed to be appropriated, would
do no good, for one of the draws is washed away.
As I have already saidrbefore any part of the old
bridge was damaged by the late freshet, the Com-
missioner of Public Buildings estimated for its re-
pair the sum of $20,000. It will be seen, from
that basis, that $15,000 now will amount to
nothing.
Mr. STROTHER. I desire to state a fact or
two. First, in reply to the gentleman from Ala-
bama. He states that the sum of $15,000 is not
enough, because the estimate of $20,000 was prior
to the washing away of the bridge. The gentle-
man must have forgotten that an amendment was
offered in the Senate, based upon a report of the
superintendent, that he could repair the damages
of that freshet with $10,500.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have the estimate of the
gentleman himself, made before that freshet, for
$20,000.
Mr. STROTHER. I am aware of that fact;
but there has been an estimate since addressed by
him to the Senate for its action of $10,500.
Mr. HOUSTON. Well, that shows that no
confidence can be placed in the officer.
Mr. STROTHER demanded tellers; which were
not ordered.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was rejected.
The following clause of the bill was read, viz:
" For the completion of the east wing of the Patent Office
building, $30,000."
Mr. HOUSTON. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to move to strike out
"$30,000, "and in Ueu thereof to insert "$103,000."
The amendment is in pursuance of a recent
minute estimate of the superintendent.
The question was put, and the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am also instructed by the
Committee of Ways and Means to offer the fol-
lowing amendment in pursuance of the estimate,
to come in after the eight hundred and sixty-
second line:
"For finishing the front of the basement of the center
building of the Patent Office, and making it conform to the
design of the wings, $3,200."
The question was put, and the amendment was
adopted.
Mr. DUNHAM. I am unanimously instructed
by the Committee of Ways and Means to offer
the following amendment, to come in after line
eight hundred and sixty-four:
For purchase and payment of the building at the corner
of F street north and Seventeenth street west, in the city of
Washington, held by William II. Winder, and now in the
occupancy of the United States, $200,000: Provided, Said
William H. Winder shall make to the United States a good
and sufficient title in fee-simple with general warranty,
fiee fioin all lions and incumbrances to said building and
premises on which the same is situated; such title to be
approved and accepted by the Attorney Geneial and the
Secietary of the Treasury before payment.
Mr. D. said: The Committee on Public Build-
ings of the last Congress recommended the pur-
chase of Winder's Building. The Committee on
Public Buildings of the present Congress also have
recommended its purchase by the Government. I
think there are many weighty reasons why the
Government should do so, and not continue as it
does now to occupy it at a heavy rent. Those
"who have examined the matter will recollect that
Mr. Winder was induced to erect this building for
the accommodation of the Government upon cer-
tain recommendations—unofficial and unauthor-
ized, it is true—of the then Secretaries of War
and the Treasury. He erected the building in
1847, and we have been occupying it as his tenants
since that time. We are now paying twenty-one
thousand eight hundred and some odd dollars
annually as a rent for its use. We have money
now lying in the Treasury, for which, at present,
there is no use. Any member of this committee
will see that the price we offer for the building is
inadequate when compared with the rent we now
pay fur its use. It will be readily perceived that
in less than ten years we will have paid in the
way of rent the price of the building, and yet not
have it in our possession. Our officers now oc-
cupy it. I know that some gentlemen argue that
the Government ought to erect another structure;
but such an edifice as the Government ought to
build cannot be erected until we shall have paid
for this building in the way of rent. Suppose
you were to commence this very year to build a
suitable structure for the use of the Government,
and such a building is recommended by the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings, it would not be com-
pleted until you had paid for Winder's Building
m rent. This, then, is a matter for the careful
consideration of the committee. Is it not best that
we should purchase this building at once, and
have it under our absolute control ? Is it not better
that we should pay for it at once and own it,than
to pay in a series of years for it, in the way of
rent, and then not own it?
Mr. BOCOCK. What did the building cost ?
Mr. DUNHAM* It is impossible,I presume,
for the man who erected the building to tell ex-
actly what it cost. The Committee on Public
Buildings have investigated that matter minutely,
as also have the Committee of Ways and Means.
We have the statement of several of the best arch-
itects in the city—among the rest of Mr. Walter,
an architect of public buildings—and we are sat-
isfied that the price proposed to be paid for it is
not anything more than adequate. Indeed, the
Committee on Public Buildings thinks that it is an
inadequate price. Some of the members of the
Committee of Ways and Means think the price
is inadequate; but that committee has unanimously
come to the conclusion that the Government had
better take the building at the proposed price than
continue tu pay the rent we are now paying. A
principal that would yield an interest of the amount
equal to the rent we pay, would be much larger
than the price we propose to pay for the build-
ing.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. 1 am opposed
to the amendment, but I will not now detain the
committee with my reasons for my opposition. I
think we will soon have a new building for the
War, Navy, and State Departments. This pub-
lic building must, in a short time in our history,
be erected. I am, therefore, utterly opposed at
this time, to the expending of so much money
upon the purchase of a buildtngso unsuitable both
in place and architecture as this one is. I am not
now going into a discussion as to whether this
building is suitable, whether it is constructed of
good material, whether it be lasting, or whether it
be safe or not. I know that doubts have been
entertained as to its stability. It is not of that
character of architecture which the public neces-
sities will soon demand. The gentleman said that
the rent of this building, whilst we were erecting
a new one, would pay its cost. Mr. Winder put
up that building in about one year. Wepay $21,000
per annum. It may be that we pay too much. You
had better pay $40,000 rent if you use the build-
ing for two years, than to give $200,000 for it, as
at the expiration of that time you can put up another
building. I say that we ought to go on for the next
year as we have the past year, and then set about
putting up a suitable building. I think that we
shall see erected, in the course of four or five years,
three or four buildings suitable for the use of dif-
ferent Departments of our Government; let us,
therefore, not spend this amount of money at this
time, but keep our funds for making such an im-
provement as will serve the wants of the Govern-
ment, and also contribute to ornament and adorn
the public grounds.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to strike
out $200,000 and insert $100,000. I offer this
amendment in order to enable me to make a few
remarks in regard to this question at this time.
When this building was first proposed to be sold
to the United States, I think its owner asked
$280,000. He then reduced the price to $250,000.
One of the standing committees of this House, I
believe, at the present session, has reported a bill
to purchase it at $250,000, having had before it the
statements from the heads of the Department, the
engineers and architect, and the Commissioner of
Public Buildings as to the stability of the struc-
ture, its cost and value. I have opposed the pur-
chase of it at those prices, and have uniformly
stated, and now believe, that it is not such a struc-
ture as should be employed by this Government
as one of its permanent departments. I consider
it entirely and completely inadequate, and I have
only been induced to favor this proposition for
buying the buildingat $200,000, which Mr. Win-
der says he will take for it, in consideration of
the circumstances in which we are placed. We
have the buildingnow at an expense of $21,800, in-
cluding the warming of it, which is about $20,000
for the rent. I agree with the gentleman from
Georgia [Mr. Stephens] that we should erect a
