1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2119
building; but when he says that it is not such a
building as the Governmentshould have ; and that
Mr. Winder built it in twelve months, does he
think that this Government can construct a suita-
ble building for its public office, in two years? It
will take you one year from this time to get the
plans and estimates of a building of the kind, and
then, to judge from the work going on under our
very eyes, it will take some eight or ten years I
think, at the least, to complete it.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. That is true,
but we will save the interest upon the $200,000;
and let us not go into this investment. The gen-
tleman himself admits that it is not such a build-
ing as we \vant; let us, therefore, at once, if the
gentleman pleases, provide for the erection of a
suitable building.
Mr. JOiNSiS. I am willing to do that; but
we cannot gef that until, in my opinion, you
will have paid the amount of this $900,000 in
the rent of the building. It is more, m my opin-
ion, than the building cost; but t believe at that
price it will be a measure of economy, and not of
extravagance; because, when we shall have put
up such a building as we shall need, and this will
be no longer wanted, we will have the building and
ground upon which it is now situated. It is in
view of these circumstances, and the delay neces-
sary and consequent upon the erection of such
a building as I think is needed by this Govern-
ment for public offices, that I have given my as-
sent to this proposition, reluctantly, I will say, even
at that price, because as a permanent public build-
ing for this Government, I would not take it at
any price. I will withdraw my amendment.
There being no objection, the amendment was
withdrawn.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, moved pro forma
to strike out $200,000, and insert #175,000. He
said: I am utterly opposed to the purchase of
this building. It is not such a one as ought to
belong to the Government at any price. Why,
look at this building. Has it the appearance of
a national building? To my mind, it resembles
more a great manufacturing establishment than
anything else. It cannot possibly be made cred-
itable to the Government. I hold that when this
Government owns buildings, whether it erects
them or purchases them, they should at least re-
flect some little credit upon the architectural taste
of the nation. I am opposed to the purchase of
this building upon that ground, and I am op-
posed to it upon the further ground, that I do not
choose, as a member of the National Legislature,
to permit Mr. Winder, or anybody else, to con-
sult his private taste in putting up a building for
the nation. This nation has the means, has the
taste, and [ trust it will have the proper spirit, to
put up its own buildings; and m a manner credit-
able to the nation.
The argument of my friend from Tennessee
[Mr. Jones] as to the amount of rent which we
are paying for this building amounts to nothing.
I would rather pay twenty years' rent for it than
have it said that the United States owned such a
building at any price. It is a great unseemly
building, wholly unlike any other public buildings,
with no architectural taste about it. I think that
we should go on and pay Mr. Winder his rent so
long as we choose to occupy the building, and
then go about, as the gentleman from Georgia
[Mr. Stephens] says, erecting our own buildings
suitable for the uses of the Government. Put
them in the right place, and not have them stuck
up in the corner of some private square. For
these, and forty other reasons which may be
stated, I have from the beginning opposed the
purchase of this building. I understand that m the
course of a year or two another distinguished cit-
izen intends to put up buildings for the heads of the
Departments. While upon this subject, allow me
to say, that I am in favor of the Government put-
ting up residences for each one of the heads of
the Departments; but if any private individual
presumes to come forward and put them up upon
his own architectural plan, and according to his
taste, 1 shall oppose the purchase of them. I
desire to see the Government put up buildings
which shall reflect credit upon the whole country,
and which shall be upon a scale commensurate
with the magnitude of the nation. I desire to .see
erected for the War Department, the Navy De-
partment, and the State Department, such buildings
as will reflect credit upon the country; and I wish
also to see private residences for each one of the
heads of the Departments which shall also reflect
credit upon the country. But 1 will permit no
man, so far as my legislative action w concerned,
to consult his tastes about putting up buildings
for this Government. *
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. It may be proper
in opposing this amendment that the committee
should understand the circumstances connected
with the erection of this building. It was erected
under the encouragement of the Secretaries.
A Voice. What Secretary?
Mr. BAYLY. Mr. Marcy. I know the whole
circumstance of this case. We were renting at that
time, at enormous rents, a large number of fruil
and combustible houses. They were rented at
laige prices, because no property holder will rent
buildings for the public offices at the rates at which
he would vent for individual purposes. These
buildings were combustible, and there were valu-
able documents m ail of them. They were rented
merely at the discretion of the Department, it
was suggested by the Secretaries to Mr. Winder,
who had been largely engaged in the erection of
buildings, that if he should erect a fire-proof build-
ing near the other Departments, and that the Gov-
ernment would rent it of him. Well, he erected
the building, and the Government has rented it of
him. Although some gentlemen say that it is a
bad building, architects say otherwise. He has
this house on hand. For reasons to which it is not
necessary to advert, I understand that he is under
strong obligations to make sale of it. When I
was at the head of the Committee of Ways and
Means, it was part of my duty to investigate the
whole case, as I did very carefully and laboi lously;
and my opinion of the matter is, that advantage is
taken of the necessities of this man to give him
less for the building than he ought to take.
The question was then taken on Mr. Brown's
amendment, and it was rejected.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I propose to
increase the appropriation $50. I do this for
the purpose of stating, that when the proposition
was first made to rent this building, before it was
completed, some five or six. years ago—1 do not
remember the precise time—i protested against
that mode of proceeding, and at, the time stated,
that the plans, os presented under the administra-
tion of General Jackson, advocated and recom-
mended by him, ought to be carried out; that new
buildings should be put up, the Treasury build-
ing completed, and corresponding buildings—not
corresponding m architectural character, but in
general form—upon the opposite side of the square.
This is still my opinion; it is the proper course
which should be adopted by the Governmen. I am
glad, upon the present occasion, to find that there
seems to be a general feeling in favor of this mode
of proceeding by the Government. I wish to call
the attention of the House to another important
factin reference to this building. My colleague [Mr.
Jones] is correct when he states that you will not
erect in ten years such a building as this Govern-
ment ought to erect, and that the expenditures for
the rent of this building during that period will
amount to more than you now propose to pay for
it. 1 call the attention of the House to this fact,
that there is not a fire-proof building- now in the
possession of the Government, affording the same
room, the same conveniences, and the same ad-
vantages as this building, that did not cost five
times as much as it is now proposed to pay for it.
Although the gentleman from Mississippi [Mr.
Brown] stated that this building has not the arch-
itectural proportions and appearance which a
building owned by the Government should have,
yet it has oneadvantage that no other Government
building has, and that consists m the fact that it is
perfectly and substantially fire-proof. It is an
economical building; and, sir, I think that the
Government might learn an important lesson from
the construction of thatbuilding, by which itmight
profit in future. Here is a building containing a
number of rooms, equal, I believe, to the number
of rooms m some of the separate departments,
and in no single instance is there one that has not
cost three or four, or perhaps five times as much
as this building costs. It is a substantial building.
It is a building which is certainly not without
beauty, and certainly not without every conve-
nience that is necessary for a public building. I
think that, upon every consideration, the Govern-
ment will be a gainer to the whole amount of the
$200,000, or at least, to the value of the building
at the period when you may erect one to take its
place. But even at that time there will be a ne-
cessity for the occupation of this building. I have
no doubt that if you build new War, Navy, and
State Departments, at the completion of those
buildings, crowd them as you may, you will still
find a necessity to rent this building, such will be
the growth and extent of our country.
Mr. FITCH. I am opposed to this amend-
ment, and likewise to the original proposition. I
desire to say a word or two in reply to the argu-
ment of the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Jones,] who very reluctantly favors this amend-
ment, and of my colleague, [Mr. Dunham.]
They say that we have been paying an enormous
rent for this building, more than the interest on
the money they now propose to give for it, and
that, therefore, it would be better to purchase the
building, and pay this amount for it than continue
the rent. The payment of that rent has been
compulsory on our part. I will not say that we
have been dealt unfairly with, but our necessities
have been imposed upon, and we have been com-
pelled to pay an exorbitant rent, higher than an
individual would have paid for the same building.
But the gentlemen say that because this extortion
in rent has been practiced, we must submit to
another still greater, in paying an enormous price
for the building. The actual cost of the building
could not have exceeded$120,000. As to thesta-
bihty of the structure, I presume gentlemen who
were here two years since, remember certain ev-
idences of it then afforded. Why, sir, a gust of
wind, not very remarkable for severity, earned off
the roof of the building. And, again, recently,
when there was a young earthquake, which ex-
cited no alarm elsewhere, it frightened the clerks
out of the building; like rats from a sinking ship.
A Voice. The President left the White-House,
too.
Mr. FITCH. He knew he would be compelled
to leave it, to make room for a Democrat, on the
4th of March next, and took the slight jar of the
earthquake as a gentle hint, to avoid the worse
shaking which was to come then, by vacating
now. But to return to the Winder Building. Do
these facts show remarkable stability in it? By no
means; and, as the gentleman from Mississippi
well remarked, there is nothing of convenience or
architectural beauty to recommend it; and, if no-
thing of strength, then why should we purchase it?
We are told that we ought to purchase this build-
ing now, because the price of it is reduced; that the
owner originally asked $280,000, that next year he
fell to $£50,000, but that now,he offers to sell it for
#200,000. That very argument is a strong one for
deferring the purchase, because at this rate we shall
get it for $110,000 in another year, if it shall be ne-
cessary to purchase it. But it is far better to build
than to buy buildings of this kind. Its purchase
would be a bad investment, even as a temporary
expedient, for it will be like the bridges over the
Eastern Branch—we shall be compelled to appro-
priate five, ten, or fifteen thousand dollars annually
to keep it in repair. And the first severe wind, or
a discharge of artillery, or slight vibration of the
earth, imnht tumble it down. If we purchase it,
in addition to great expense to keep it in repair,
we shall ultimately be compelled to erect build-
ings for the very purposes for which it is now pro-
posed t,o purchase this one. It isbadly built, badly
ventilated, and badly arranged, whatever interested
parties, or parties ignorant of what public offices
ouu'ht to be, may say to the contrary.
Theieis another edifice which I have in my eye,
and in which I am officially slightly interested, that
the Government can purchase at a bargain, if they
must buy instead of building, though that is a policy
I would by no means recommend. At the proper
time, 1 shall move to strike out all in relation to
Winder's Building, and inseit the one at which I
have hinted.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, then withdrew
the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, renewed it, and
said: At an early part of the present session of
Congress a resolution was adopted by the House
directing the Committee on Public Buildings to
inquire into the amount of rent that was paid by
the Government of the United States annually,
and the amount which had been paid for the last
ten years. In the discharge of the duty imposed
upon the committee by this order of the House,
