1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1235
carry it out, and Donelson & Armstrong ought to
foav« their fair share.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, I have to say
in reply to the remarks the gentleman has just
made, that the price adopted by the committee and
Donelson & Armstrong, is precisely what John
T. Towers says is a fair and reasonable price for
the work. John T. Towers himself made the es-
timate upon which the price was fixed.
Mr. EVANS. This is the first information the
House has had with regard to the price to be paid
for the printing, and it comes from my friend from
Kentucky for the first time,'after unparalleled ex-
ertion on our part. But my friend does not say
that was the bid of John T. Towers himself. Is
it upon the basis of the bid he put in at the begin-
ning of the session?
Mr. STANTON. No, sir; it is not exactly.
Mr. EVANS. It is higher?
Mr. STANTON. Because John T. Towers
himself, by submitting an estimate to us, indicated
clearly that his bid was not a fair and reasonable
price for the work. He submitted a statement of 1
what would be a fair and reasonable price, which
- did not exceed his bid more than three per cent.,
and in one case not more than five par cent.; and
the whole difference between John T. Towers's
bid for doing the 50,000 extra copies of the Patent
Office-Report, and John T. Towers's estimate of
what is a reasonable and fair price, is only §300
on upwards of 50,000.
Mr. EVANS. I now understand the gentleman
to say, that John T. Towers has stultified him-
self, and if he has done so, I desire to have nothing
more to do with him.
Mr. STANTON. He made a bid at the begin-
ning of the session, which he now acknowledges is
not a fair and reasonable price for the printing.
Mr. EVANS. The gentleman knows enough
about the printing to be aware of the fact, that a
large portion of the profits made by the printer is
upon the long numbers. The portion remaining
unfinished, which will fall irito the hands of Don-
elson & Armstrong, is the heaviest and most profit-
able.
Mr. STANTON. We would have done those
gentlemen injustice, because they repudiated and
refused to accept the proposition upon the terms
of John C. Rives's bid, which everybody said was
greater than that of Towers. In order to make
the thing fair, and to give a reasonable price for
this expensive work, which this office was to have,
John T. Towers increased his own price some
three or five per cent.
Mr. EVANS. That is very strange. Every-
body knows that the profit is upon the long num-
bers. As yet, there has not been a long nymber
printed—not one. Where are your long numbers
of the President's message? The gentleman tells
me that the profitable portion of the printing has
been executed, and that the unprofitable portion
yet remains to be printed; but I think he is en-
tirely, mistaken.
Mr. STANTON. John T. Towers's bid made
no deduction upon the long numbers, while the
present bid makes a deduction of five per cent.;
and, so far as they are concerned., they are done,
absolutely, under this estimate, five per cent,
cheaper than they could have been done under his
bid.
Mr. EVANS. There is one thing which I re-
joice at, as the result of all this discussion: that
we have, at last, a single fact.
Mr. BOCOCK. With the consent of the gen-
tleman from Maryland, I desire to propound a
question to my friend from Kentucky, [Mr. Stan-
ton.] I understand the gentleman from Kentucky
to have explained to the House that the commit-
tee have agreed to give these newspaper editors a
higher price than that at which.Towers agreed to
do this printing, and for this reason: The gentle-
man states that a large portion of the public print-
ing which is profitable has already been done by
the public printer; and therefore not being able to
give that to these gentlemen, it has been found
necessary to increase the price upon this other
description of printing. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Kentucky if bids for the public print-
ing are not put in separately for the different
classes of printing, as they are required by law to
be? and whether Towers did not bid separately
for the different classes of printing? I desire to
know from the gentleman, further, if Towers's
bid for this class of printing had been lower than
that of other persons, whether he would not have
been the printer of it—whether he might not have !
beeu the printer for one class, while some other
gentleman might have been the printer for some
other class? Now, I wish to know, also, whether
they have £iven increased prices to these gentle-
man over those which Towers made for this spe-
cific sort of printing, and whether they have not
given more to these men than that for which Tow-
ers is now willing to execute this particular print-
ing? As I stated before, I am informed that
Towers's bid was made for this particular printing
as a separate matter.
Mr.;STANTON, of Kentucky.- It is true that
the public printing is bid for in classes. But all
the classes of the public printing are bid for in
mass, and all the classes are bid for by the same
men, and the contract is given out to the same
men. One man does not get one portion of it, and,
another man another portion of it, because if it
had been so, John C. Rives would have got apor-
tion of the public printing at two cents a page,
when it would hardly pay for the paper upon
which it was printed. While other printers were
charging a dollar, and a dollar and a quarter, John
C. Rives bid two and a half cents. They average
the whole bid, and give the printing to him
who is supposed to be the lowest bidder upon the
whole average, and not to him who is the lowest
upon a particular class. I went perhaps a little
too far when I said that all the profitable printing
had been done. I do not mean to say that; butit
is in the hands of the public printer who is now at
work upon it—as, for instance, the President Vmes-
sage with the accompanying documents, the Coast
Survey, and a great many other documents which
the punter has begun, and with which he is pro-
gressing very slowly. They are profitable to the
printer.
Mr. BOCOCK. Has not the price been raised
from the recent bid for this particular sort of
printing?
Mr. STANTON. No, it 1ms not. I under-
stand that Towers's bid, with the exception i have
just stated, of this portion of the public printing
which will go to Donelson & Armstrong, which
is supposed to be less profitable than the other,
and upon which he has increased his prices but
lately, is substantially what it was before.
Mr. EVANS. If these prices ore to be in-
creased, why do you not increase Boyd Hamil-
ton's? He lias got the largest printing office in
the city, and the most piesses. Why do not you
give him the increase of price, if any one is to have
it? He is a good Democrat, and never.voted for
a Whig. If the increase of price must be given to
somebody, why not let Boyd Hamilton have it?
for, with a little flattering encouragement, and a
little more money, he might perhaps struggle
through his difficulties.
Mr. STANTON. The committee had no
power to increase the prices of Hamilton. We
were compelled, under the law, to remedy his
neglect, and employ somebody else to do the
work.
Mr. EVANS. Why not remedy it with him?
When the Committee have the power to apply a
remedy, why let some one else be the subject of
remedy, and not Boyd Hamilton?
Mr. GORMAN. I wish to make this state-
ment before any one else proceeds, m this House
or elsewhere, to make any charge: I have got
John T. Towers's bid, which he made in .public
maiket. I have his estimate, which he made to
the Committee, at fair pi ices. Whoever circu-
lates, in this community or elsewhere, that the
committee have varied, in any material point of
view, from those prices, circulates a falsehood.
I pronounce the statement false, wherever it i
comes from. I say to this House, that we have j
adopted,substantially, the wholebid and estimate !
of Towers, and that the price we propose to give
does not vary $1,000 on this work—the Patent
Office Report—from that estimate.
Mr. EVANS. As I never said that the gentle-
man had varied from Towers's contract, and
never knew what Towers's contract was, I pre-
sume the gentleman cannot refer to me.
Mr. GORMAN. Certainly not. But it has
been whispered about in certain quarters.
Mr. EVANS. I never said anything of the
sort, and do not say so now. I am sorry there
are so many personal difficulties surrounding this
printing discussion. I announced, at the begin-
ning of this discussion, and notwithstanding all
that has been said about it, I can announce it to-
day fr.om the bottom of my heart, that I can at-
tribute no improper or corrupt motive to the gen-
tleman from Indiana, [Mr. Gorman,-] or the gen-
tleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Stanton.]-- They
are the last gentlemen to whom I could,attribute
any such mbtives. l*know nothing about Towers's
bid. But this is a matter of public interest, and
we have to base this public printing upon some
system. It becomes us, therefore, to .have a free,
fair field, and candid discussion upon this subject,
doing justice to all men, and injuring: the feelings
of no man. I would not willingly do it. It strikes
me-as a singular thing, that Boyd Hamilton's
prices were not increased, to enable him to go on,
for "money makes the mare go."
Mr. STANTON. We had no power to increase
the prices of Boyd Hamilton; and we were com-
pelled, by law, to employ some one else to do the
work, and charge him and his securities with the
difference in price.
Mr. EVANS. The House will judge between
me and the gentleman in regard to the power. I
will not pursue that branch of the subject any
further. I will not dwell, upon j.he short-comings
or long-goings of the committee, 6r express any
sentiment at all upon it. They have done differ-
ently, it is true, from what I would have done.
They have acted upon different principles and from
different motives. There are combinations exist-
ing in this city; combinations bearing heavily upon
us all, and which I myself—I will not say found
it impossible—but difficult to resist; combinations
which have appealed to me as well as to you all.
These combinations ought to be resisted at once,
or they will exist here forever; for this,is not the
work of one day, but of ail time. And all future
Congresses will find the same things, unless we
now at once, and with all our manliness and foree,
resist them. For one, I am prepared to do it 
They are found nowhere else. "I will not quote
the example of absolute governments for our imi-
tation, for I love freedom, and I hate absolute gov-
ernments; but in certain matters we may look
abroad to see if we cannot meet with something
that may benefit ourselves. The English Gov-
ernment have a national printing office, which, as
far as 1 know, has been carried on without any
charge of corruption being made against it. So
has the French Government; so has the Prussian
Government, and so has the Austrian Govern-
ment.
At the late exhibition at the World's Fair—the
House will forgive me if I am a little wild in the
numbers I state, but 1 will not state them mate-
rially different from what they are—the Austrian
Government sent there certain papers, printed in
more than four hundred languages, from their
national printing office, beautifully executed. Of
these four hundred languages, two hundred and
fifty of them were executed in^the original char-
acter' of the language. For instance, they sent
specimens of the Hindoostanee, the Smgalese, the
Chinese, the Japanese, the Arabic, the Coptic, the
Syriac, or any language which employed a pecu-
liar character,and which required peculiar skill in
the printing office. All of these languages require
a peculiar character which needs special discrim-
ination and attention on the part of those who use
it. 1 have found that out of four hundred lan-
guages presented there, and printed, more than two
hundred and fifty were in the original character.
Now, I do not propose that we should'go into
such a labored thingas this: but surely, when Gov-
ernments abrosd have distinguished themselves so
highly in this £ ieat art—for it is an art—when
they have succeeded m founding establishments
like these, which are at once the wonder and ad-
miration of the whole world, and which were
thought worthy of exhibition and particular men-
tion,°I think that we might go a little way. Gen-
tleman get up here and state that it is impossible
to found a national office, without having at the
bottom a sink of corruption. Can we not take
this whole thing out of the hands of designing
men? The House must discard every party—
Whigs, Democrats, Free-Soilers', and everything
else. Suppose the next President is a Democrat;
I am willing that he shall appoint the superintend-
ent of the public printing, as I have no doubt he
would appoint a skillful man. . I.d'o not know any
candidate of that party for the Presidency who
would not appoint a proper officer. There are
