2120
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 6,
we made the necessary investigation, and we
found that this Government has paid during the
last ten years more than $150,000 rent for houses
belonging to private individuals in this city, not
one single one of which was fire-proof. We are
now paying at the rate of $32,000 per annum for
rent of houses belonging to private individuals, and
occupied by the Government; thisoneof Winder's,
and a little affair belonging to the Commissioner
of Public Buildings, being" the only two that are
fire-proof. We pay for Winder's Building at the
rate of $21,875 per year, and for Captain "Easby's
building at the rate of $300 per year. Those are
the only two fire-proof structures belonging to
private individuals, occupied by the Government;
and for those we pay nearly $25,000 per year.
Now, sir, a great deal has been said about this
structure of Winder's; and I should like to know
of those gentlemen who have spoken upon the
subject, whether they have examined the build-
ing; and whether they are prepared to state, upon
their own knowledge, that the cost of this building
was $120,000; that it was erected in an insufficient
manner; that it is insecure; that the gust of wind
which carried off the roof would not have carried
away any roof similarly suspended, and whether
it would not have carried off the roof of this Caj>
itol if it had been within the range of that hurri-
cane. Now, I have been to that house; I have
examined it from its foundations to the cornice; I
have had practical men -with me, who knew all
about building, to examine it with me; and they
all concurred with me in saying that it was sub-
stantially and well built. Every room in the
house is arched over, and there is not a particle of
wood in it that can be burnt or destroyed by fire.
It is the only house in the occupation of the Gov-
ernment outside of the public buildings, in which
the archives of the Government are safe, except
the little cuddy over here belonging to Captain
Easby.
Now, the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Fitch]
says that the cost of that building could not have
exceeded $120,000. I will convince him, or any
other gentleman who will go with me over the
calculation, that it has cost fully as much as the
amount which the Committee of Ways and Means
propose to give for it. Take the number of bricks
m tne house—and any school-boy can make a cal-
culation as to the amount—and knowing the cost
of that kind of work, you can easily ascertain the
aggregate. Why, the iron-work in that building
cost $60,000 and more. Mr. Winder has the bills
and receipts, which show that it cost $G0,000.
Well, in addition to the brick-work and iron-work,
there is wood-woik*- about the house—window-
frames, and so forth, and there is painting and
glazing, and a number of other items, which ne-
cessarily increase the expense to a large amount.
But die Committee on Public Buildings did not
rely entirely upon their own judgments in regard
to the construction of this house. Here is the
certificate of the present architect of public build-
ings, who says that he went and examined the
house, and that such a house could not be built
by the Government for less than $240,000, exclu-
sive of the value of the ground, and that is worth
$30,000. t
Here is the certificate of Mr. Ward, an old
builder of this city, whom I have known from my
boyhood to the present moment, and whose word
would not be disputed by any one who knew him.
He says that such a house as that could not be
built for less than $250,000. And here is the cer-
tificate of a gentleman of the name of Coltman,
another builder, who has been here for a quarter
of a century, and is known to the people of this
city  
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr.McMULLIN. I am opposed to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Kentucky, and in
opposing that amendment, I desire to noticp the
argument of my colleague, [Mr. Bayly.] I un-
derstood my colleague, who professes to know all
about this Winder's building, to say that the then
acting Secretary committed this Government in
regard to that building.
Mr. BAYLY. Oh, no.
Mr. McMULLlN. That there was an implied
understanding 
Mr. BAYLY. I wish to say at once, that my
colleague utterly misunderstood what I said. I do
not think he was listening to me when I spake.
Mr. McMULLlN. I may have misunderstood
my colleague, but I certainly was listening to him
and trying to understand him. I understood my
colleague to assert that the Secretary—and he told
me that Mr. Marcy was Secretary at the time—
recommended the erection of this building. Did
my colleague say that?
Mr. BAYLY. I did not.
Mr. McMULLlN. Then what did you say?
There were other gentlemen® who understood my
colleague to say, as I understood him, that Sec-
retary Marcy recommended the erection of this
building. Now, sir, that is one of my objections
to the purchase of this building. I deny the right
of Secretary Marcy, or Secretary anybody else,
acting in his official character 
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia will allow me to say, that Mr. Marcy did
not recommend the erection of the building. It is
due to Governor Marey, that I should say this
much.
Mr. McMULLlN. I understood my colleague
to say that he did recommend it.
Mr. HOUSTON. Governor Marcy, in his
letter, stated to Mr. Winder, that if the building
were completed, he would occupy a part of it,
but  /
Mr. McMULLlN. I cannot allow the gentle-
man to occupy any more of my time. There
seems to be a difference between the statements of
my colleague and the present chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means. I understood
my colleague to say that Governor Marcy recom-
mended the erection of this building.
But, sir, I desire to say further, that while gen-
tlemen are talking here about saving money to the
Government, by purchasing this building, they
forget that the Government is now in debt to the
amount of $100,000,000, and must pay six per cent,
interest on the money which they have borrowed.
If you deduct the six per cent, which you must
pay in the form of interest, I ask you if this Gov-
ernment will be saving the twenty-odd thousand
dollars now paid in the form of rent ?
But, again, I wish to call the attention of the
committee to another fact. Notwithstanding what
the learned chairman of the Committee on Public
Buildings has said, I tell that gentleman, and tell
this committee, that I have examined this building
myself. I know that the public officers are, at
times, really afraid to remain in the building. Go
and examine it, and you will find that it is cracked
almost from bottom to top; and not only are win-
dow frames cracked, but it is cracked between the
window frames. It is a rickety concern. I would
not like to stay there, if I were one of those offi-
cer. But I tell the House, that it is due to our-
selves, before we pay this $200,000 for this build-
ing, that one or two more committees should inves-
tigate the subject. I concede to the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Stanton] a very high degree of
architectural skill, but when I see the building
with my own eyes, it is very difficult to convince
me that I am wrong.
Mr. STANTON then, by unanimous consent,
withdrew his amendment.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia, moved pro forma to
increase the appropriation $40.
I move this amendment, Mr. Chairman, for
the purpose of saying a word in reply to my
colleague, [Mr. McMullin.] My colleague saw
fit to criticise my-remarks, without having heard
correctly what I said, or if he did hear, he did
not understand. Now, I never said that Gov-
ernor Marcy recommended the erection of this
building. 1 generally understand the force of the
language I use, and I sometimes take pains to use
the proper language. I said that this building
was .erected under the encouragement of the Secre-
taries—I used the plural term. He asked me what
Secretary. I said Marcy for one. Walker was
the other. The building was erected under their
encouragement. That is the record.
Mr. McMULLlN. What is the difference be-
tween recommendation and encouragement?
Mr. BAYLY. Why, Mr. Chairman, the gen-
tleman's question shows that 1 am right. He
asks me what is the difference between encourage-
ment and recommendation. The gentleman has
• encouraged me to make this speech, but I do not
; thmkhe recommended it. [Great laughter.] Does
j the gentleman understand me now? I used this
word, and the gentlemen who sit near me so un-
derstood me. 1 said it was done under the encour-
agement of the Secretaries. I only used the sin-
gular, when my colleague asked me, what Secre-
tary? I replied Marcy was one; I should have
gone on and stated that Walker was another, but
for the hurry under the five minutes rule. I might
have said under the encouragement of the Execu-
tive. That is the proper expression.
Mr. BROOKS. I move to increase the appro*
pnation.
The CHAIRMAN. The proposition already
pending is to increase the appropriation $40. An- -
other amendment is not in order until that is dis-
posed of.
A Member. You can speak in opposition to
the pending amendment.
Mr. BROOKS. I have only a word or two to
say upon this subject. This is a commercial mat-
ter, which any merchant would settle, if it were
his own, in five minutes. We are payinsrfor this
building a rent upon a principal of $325,000—that
is, at the rate of six per cent, interest. The rent we
pay would make the principal about $325,000.- The
proposition now is to buy the building for $200,000,
the interest of which, at six per bent., is $1,200 a
year. The plain, simple proposition before the
Hou^e, therefore, is, whether we will save over
$7,000 per annum; and I say, that is not a ques-
tion about which a merchant or planter would hes-
itate a moment.
Mr. SACKETT. Will the gentleman allow me
a moment, simply to make a statement in connec-
tion with this matter? In ten years the difference
between the interest upon $200,000, which it is
now proposed to pay for this building, at the usual
late, and the lent which we pay for the building
would amount to $89,680. In twenty years it
would save the entire cost of purchasing the build-
ing.
Mr. BROOKS. Now, Mr. Chairman, we have
a surplus of between $7,000,000 and $8,000,000 in
the public Treasury, and the question is, What
shall we do with it?
Mr. McMULLlN. Pay the public debt.
Mr. BROOKS. The gentleman from Virginia
says, " Pay the public debt." Why, sir, we can
do that if we choose to pay $112 or $115 for $100
of that debt, for that is about the amount of pre-
mium upon the United States stocks. But how
can we pay the debt we owe beforeit becomes due,
unless the creditors choose to take it? We cannot
pay the public debt unless we buy United States
stocks at from twelve to fifteen percent, premium.
Is it not, then, wise to take this surplus money
which we now have in the Treasury, and invest it
as it is now proposed, in the purchase of a public
building which the public officers of the country
have certified is necessary? Which your archi-
tects have certified is strong? And which the
Committee of Ways and Means have unani-
mously agreed to recommend ? and it is very sel-
dom that anything is reported here, and especially
an appropriation, unanimously, by that commit-
tee. 1 believe it was also unanimously recom-
mended by the Committee on Public Buildings, as
a measure of public economy, and as a wise in-
vestment of the surplus public money which now
lies idle in the Treasury.-
Now, Mr. Chairman, one word with regard to
the safety of that building. There is a contest
going on in this city between the builders and
Winder's Building. When I first came to this
city, living, as I did, in the vicinity of that build-
ing, I almost instinctively went upon the other
side of the sfreet as I passed it. I always felt shy
of it. There was something of ticklishness even
when I looked 8t it, for I was told that it would
tumble down about my head. This comes from
the struggle that is going on between the builders
and architects. To make us build three or four
more public buildings ill order to give them em-
ployment, they tell us these tales. I am willing
to build more public buildings, but I am not wil-
ling to be deluded by idle tales as to the'dan^er of
this one. They are all got up by the builders
and architects, who want us to appropriate large
sums of money in the erection of other public build-
ings. This building is as safe as any of the kind
in the world, I think, and I am assured so by
architects in whose opinions I have great confi-
dence. I have no fear or apprehension in my own
mind now. I think it is one of the best buildings
of the kind in the world; one of the best fire-proof
buildings, and one of the best buildings to be used
as a depository of the public records whenever we
begin to erect other buildings. If it had been
