1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2121
used alone as a depository of pension certificates,
land warrants, and other public documents, which
require to be deposited in a safe public building, it
•would be worth a half a million of money to the
country at this moment merely as an idle deposi-
toiy. The public papers are constantly in danger
in the War and Navy Departments; and in the
Treasury Department large claims have arisen
against this Government, because the public rec-
ords have been destroyed by fire. The Govern-
ment has paid for these claims ten times over what
a suitable fire-proof building would cost; so that
if we were to purchase this building only for the
depository of these papers, it would be money well
invested.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment to the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. FITCH. I move to strike out all that re-
lates to " Winder's Building'5 and insert m lieu
thereof " the Smithsonian Institution."
1 expect to have the support of my friend from
Mississippi [Mr. Brown] for this amendment,
because he cannot make the complaint against the
Smithsonian building, that it wants architectural
beauty, however much it may want convenience.
There is one thing in relation to it which is a par-
ticular recommendation. The roof is not in dan-
ger whenever the wind changes, and the walls are
too substantial to give way to theconoussionfrom
a discharge of artillery, or becaus'e the earth takes
a slight ague fit. [Laughter.]
The gentleman from New Yorlc [Mr. Brooks]
stated, that the objections to the purchase of Win-
der's Building came from the builders and arch-
itects of the city. There has no objection of
mine come from any such source, but'from my
own observation. I saw its roof prostrate upon
the ground, and I have noticed that the wails are
unsound, as the gentleman from New York can
ascertain if he will take the trouble to examine
them. I do not believe there is an inmate of the
building who will certify that he believes it to be
safe. Its inmates must view with tremor the ap-
proach of a cloud from the west or south.
The building I propose as a suoslitutefor it has
no such objection. It has architectural beauty,
and its walls are durable. The interior of its
main part is not finished; and in that fact is an-
other advantage, because the Government officers
can arrange it to suit their wants and conveniences.
It is true if the present officers of that institution
had had the erection of the building, it would prob-
ably have been a somewhat different affair, and
might not have cost as much. Several gentlemen
■who happened at that time to be connected with
the Institution as officers were men of taste; they
looked rather to fancy than utility, and the build-
ing was erected in accordance with their plan.
The present officers, looking to convenience and
utility, are willing to dispose of the building that
they may erect a new one having those require-
ments. I presume Mr. Winder is also very will-
ing to get rid of his, but we are more liberal than
he is. We will take two thirds the cost of our
building, and that is infinitely a better bargain than
to purchase Winder's Building for $200,000. You
can make the former much more useful to the
Government. I cannot say, it is true, that the
Smithsonian building was erected under the " en-
couragement'' of any Secretary, although I believe
quite a number of Secretaries had somewhat to do
with it; and the entire Congress, too, more or less,
for they are the trustees of the fund out of which
it was built. It is therefore already in one lespect
a public building; and I believe if it is deemed
necessary to purchase a building for offices, Gov-
ernment cannot do better than to make it one in
all respects by buying it. Purchase it off our
hands, and permit us to erect another that will
answer a better purpose at a less expense.
Mr. HEBARD. I am opposed to the amend-
ment. I thought the proposition to purchase
Winder's Building monstrous enough, considering
the monstrosity of its appearance, and its uncouth
looks; but when the gentleman proposes to sub-
stitute the Smithsonian building for that, the other
dwindles away until it quite vanishes. I could
not consent at all that this Government should im-
pose on us such a disgrace as to have it said that
it has the proprietorship of that Smithsonian
building.
But, sir, there have been speeches enough made
upon this subject already. I rise not for the pur-
pose of making another speech, but for the pur-
pose of bringing the committee, if possible, to a
vote. I think we have had speeches enough upon
this subject to satisfy every gentleman who will
be satisfied, as to how he shall vote. I think the
whole proposition is entirely unsatisfactory. There
is no disposition manifested to favor the prop-
osition, and we may as well come to a direct vote
upon the main question, and dispose of it.
The question was then taken on the amendment
to the amendment; and it was not agreed to.
The question then recurring upon the amend-
ment,
Mr. DUNHAM demanded tellers; which were
ordered; and Messrs. Fuller, and Stanton of
Tennessee, were appointed.
Mr. GOODENOW. Will the Chair state what
the amendment is?
The CHAIRMAN. It is upon the adoption of
the amendment offered by the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Duniiam,] for the purchase of
Winder's Building, $200,000.
The question was then taken, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 52, noes 86.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. BOWIE offered the following amendment,
to come in after the eight hundred and sixty-ninth
line, at the end of the clauses under the head of
u public buildings:5'
For erecting a bridge across the Potomac river, at some
suitable point between the Long Bridge and the rock called
the Three Sistois, to be selected by the Engineer of the
United States, under the direction of the President, $20,01:0.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I make the ques-
tion of order, that there is no law authorising the
expenditure of the money proposed in the amend-
ment submitted by the gentleman from Mary-
land, [Mr. Bowie.]
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is compelled
to sustain the point of order, and decides that the
amendment is not admissible.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, offered the fol-
lowing amendment, to come in at the same place
as the last amendment offered:
To complete and revise the grades, of the rity of Wash-
ington, and to determine the plans for the drainage and
sewoiage thereof, $6,0Ufl; the surveys and plans to be
made bv the engineer now in chaise of that duly, under
the diicetion of the President of the United States- Pio
videdy That no change shall be made in anv established
giado in said city without the consent of the eurpoiauon of
Washington.
Mr. S. said: In the appropiiation hill passed
the last year, or the year befoie, the sum of $4,000
was appropriated for the purpose of carrying out
this service. That sum has been expended. I
understand that the Government of the United
States owns the streets and avenues in the city of
Washington, and that they are exclusively under
the jurisdiction of the Government; and it is the
only power that can regulate the grades thereof^
The streets were originally deeded to the Govern*
ment of the United States, and they are now un-
der its jurisdiction. I have in my hands a letter
from the engineer in relation to this matter; and as
it gives a better exposition of the facts than I can
give, I propose to occupy the five minutes allowed
me by permitting the Clerk to read it.
The letter was then read, as follows:
Sir: The instructions communicated to me by the Sec-
retaiy of the fnterior, for my guidance in the discharge of
my duties as engineer to complete the guide** of Washing-
ton, direct flint aftci T shall have taken exacl and caieful
levels of all those streets and avenues within the < ity of
winch the grades have not been heretofore deteirnined, and
established for them proper grades, I shall, so far as the
appropriation will peimit, proceed to take levels of the
streets and avenues for which grades have been heretofore
devised and leeorded, with a view to ascertaining and re-
portwgHvhere and to what extent those grades have been
departed from, vdiat modification- of them may be required
for the public interests, and to what extent such modifica-
tions can be carried out consistently with piivate rights
already vested.
This latter branch of duty indicated by my instructions j
is, in myjudsmeiit, that of the greatest and most urgent im- j
poitance. The original plans of guides, as hud down in !
the old giaduation book, aie, as a system, bad, and to i
some section*, of the city almost ruinous. While at many j
points they have greatly retarded, and at some point-* have !
entirely prevented improvement. The public necessities, i
have compelled and are yet compelling much improvement i
in spite ot tliem. With every dollar expended in improve-
ments, in accordance with these old plans ot diamage, the !
difficulty and expense of the proper remedies is increased, j
and. theiefore, it is of the utmost consequence todetennine j
with the least possible delay what the ultimate plans shall be, j
in order that the expense of their execution shall be reduced i
to the lowest possible amount, their adoption encounter the J
least possible individual opposition, and present impedi- [
inents to improvement shall be most effectually and speedily .
removed. |
Trie present appropriation, however, cannot topch this •
portion of the work. I sull believe that I will be able to I
make it accomplish its original immediate purposes and
'complete the grades of the city ; that ie, devise a system of
grades foi all that for which nothing at all had been devised
before. The aggregate length of all the stieets and ave-
nues m the city is two hundred and thirty miles, of which
there are one hundred and twenty-seven miles for which
I have to devise a sy&tem of grades. Of the original appro-
priation by Congress of $4,(100, I have expended $2,500.
With this amount 1 have taken careful and exact levels, at
points varying as the nature of the ground required, from
one hundred feet to twenty feet apart, of the whole one
hundred and twenty-seven miles not previously examined,
(together with cross sections where the inequality of the
ground required them ;) have constructed an exact and ori-
ginal skeleton map of the whole city upon a scale of two
bundled feet to an inch, (or twenty-six and four tenths
inches per mile,) arid maps of several localities of espe-
cial difficulty on a scale of one hundred feet to an inch,
and have now m progress a general map of the whole city
on a scale of one inch to seven hundred and fifty feet, (or
seven and four one hundredths inches to one mile.) On
the laige skeleton map it is my purpose to show the con-
tour lines of the original surface, and, m a different color,
the contour lines also of the suiface after graduation, so
that an inspection of the map will show to the nearest foot
or half foot the cut or fill necessaiy to bring the surface at
any point to the gi ado. On the small general map I pro-
pose also to draw the contour of the graded smface, show-
ing every live feet of elevation above tide, and, by colors^
indicating cach paiticular basin ofdrainage within the city,
in such manner that the map will inform any one who may
examine it how much surface and what surface is drained
through any particular channel at any particular point. I
think it will be conceded that this information (original to
the extent of six tenths of the entire city) thus collected
and thus arranged will represent ,$4,000 judiciously and
economically expended It will be obvious also that both
industry and economy will be required to enable the re-
maining rt\l,500 of the appropriation to accomplish its ori-
ginal immediate purposes.
I deem it theiefoic mo«-t important, to obtain, as speedily
as possible, additional funds for the put pose of enabling me
i thoioughly to revise all of the old work, and to carry on
that rcviMon, as it can best be done, pari passu with my
present work. To do this efleetnailj and well, additional
funcKto the amount of §0,000 will be requisite. With this
•$B,U0U additional, the necessary paitv or parties could be
put immediately 111 the field, and the results of their labors
( ould be, day by day, incorporated m the office with the
plans now in progiess. The field-woik in ievi ion could
not progic«=s as lapidlyas in the unbuilt portions of the
city, for the reason thai the houses aheady built would
render neccssaiy a class of laborious and minute examina-
tions. This will paitly account for the disproportion be-
tween the amount proposed to bo appropriated for the por-
tion of the citv to be revised and the amount appropriated
for that for which the grades were to be completed. But
this disproportion of appiopriation sought j.> due, also, to
another cause. 1 propose to connect with these determi-
nations of the surface drainage, the establishment of at least
the leading and governing facts of a system of sewerage for
the whole city, and so much of the details of the system as
will effectually secure to the Government and the coipora-
tion of Washington that eveiy dollar thereafter expended
m seweiage shall be rightly expended; in the construction
of a component pai Lofa consistent and thoroughly-arranged
whole, and judiciously expended in the prevention and re-
moval ot nuisances; not as now wasted in works ulti-
mately to be reconstructed, and, in almost every instance,
the immediate cause of more nuisance, filth, and disease
than they ate designed to remedy. The United Slates and
the corporation aie annually waiting money in building
sewers, which are worse than useless ; and individual citi-
zens, impelled by necessity, and undirected by proper in-
formation, are conr-fanfly evading and violating the law to
the same bad and unprofitable end The amounts thus,
often in a single yeat, worse than wasted, piobably exceed
the whole amount that I suggest to be appropriated lor this
object. It is in vain to say that in our climate, and With
our stiff soil, a populous city can be drained by surface-
drainage alone. The lower front of every populous square
jn the city demonstrates, on every summer day, that the fact
is otherwise. Of course, until a supply of water shall be
provided for the citv, no general system of sewers can he
effectual. It is possible, however, so to arrange and per-
fect a system, that what must unavoidably be done before
water is inirodnccd into the city, shall be well done, and
in haimony with the ultimate system, while Hie levels taken
in the execution of this woik would give all the necessary
facts to determine, when needed for that purpose, the dis-
tnbuiion of the water.
Can .S'6,000 do more general good, or improve and ad-
vance the whole citv as much, by any other possible ex-
penditure of so small a sum? Will not the corporation
present the facts to Congress, and proem e fiom the authority
that gave u- this immense street establishment, the means
to prevent n from being an immense evil?
Mr. PICTCL1N. I desire to ask my friend from
Kentucky [Mr. Stanton] a question in relation
to this matter.
The CHAIRMAN. Further debate is not in
order.
The question was then taken on Mr. Stanton's
amendment, and it was not agreed to.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. SKELTON". I rise for a personal expla-
nation. Since I made my remarks this morning, in
regard to the State of New Jersey, the gentleman
from Arkansas has stated to the House that he
had no intention to cast reflection upon my State,
or of doin£ it any injustice. I wish to state to the
House and to the gentleman from Arkansas, [Mr.
Johnson,] that, so far as I was concerned, 1 had
