1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
as to the precise point to bear—the exact argu-
ment to make. All that kind of thing is in the
ears of members, and is all innocent and harmless,
provided they get what they want. All this has
an influence. Then say these insolent bankers,
who are keeping their circulars before you, You
shall not impede the passage of this bill by end-
less discussion; you who are talking about'the
people's money, away with your idle gabble—
your tittle-tattle—your fiddle-faddle—heie stop and
shut your mouths.
Humble as I am, I will resist all this influence;
so far as I am concerned, and in behalf of my
constituents, I say it is an encroachment upon
the dignity and prerogative of the representatives
of a free people. Whigs and Democrats should,
in this transaction, prescribe by law—not shrink
from responsibility—and say who shall pay this
money over; and then hold them responsible for
the faithful discharge of their duty, from the
frequent interruptions since this discussion took
place, so far as I am concerned, I have been-di-
verted in fact from the regular points I intended to
make. If 1 had been permitted to go on without
interruption, I should not have consumed more
than thirty minutes. But I must allude to one
more matter before I sit down. When we come
to look at this transaction—when we come to look
at the proceedings of the Secretary of State here-
tofore—when we connect it with the reasonable
inference of speculation—I say it behooves us, as
the representatives and faithful guardians of the
public interests, to define clearly in our laws the
individuals who shall pay this money over to the
Mexican Government. To insert this amendment,
and place this matter in the hands of large specu-
lators, looks to me like being dragooned and
whipped into measures. I say, fix it upon the
Treasury of the United States. But the gentleman
tells us, that this officer has nothing to do with
foreign affairs. Is he not, in fact, an officer more
intimately and directly connected with the monev
transactions relating to foreign governments, than
any Secretary of State?
Is there any man here who doubts the capabil-
ity of the Secretary of the Treasury to negotiate
and have this money paid over upon as good
terms as the Secretary of State could do it? Mr.
Walker made arrangements for the payment of
two installments of this indemnity, and will any-
body say that it was not as well done as if it had
been done by the Secretary of State? or that the
present Secretary of the Treasury cannot do it as
well? I say that out of respect to ourselves, to
our position, and to our constituents, we ought to
take this matter out of the hands of an individual
who has assumed the high prerogative of making
a contract for the payment of this money before
the bill is passed appropriating it.
There are many other things which I desired
to say, but as my time has nearly expired, I will
give way to some other gentleman.
Mr. EDGERTON next obtained the floor, but
yielded it to
Mr. SWEETSER, who moved that the com-
mittee rise.
The question was put and agreed to.
The commitee accordingly rose, and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the Chairman [Mr.
Junes] reported that the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union had had under consider-
ation the state of the Union generally, and partic-
ularly House bill No. 46, providing for carrying
into execution in further part the twelfth article
of the treaty concluded with Mexico at Guada-
lupe Hidalgo, but had come to no conclusion
thereon.
On motion by Mr. GROW,
Ordered, Tli-il the petition an. I papers of James F. Green
be withdrawn fiom the files of tlie House, and referred to
the Commute on Invalid Pensions.
CLOSE OP DEBATE ON THE INDEMNITY BILL.
Mr. HOUSTON". I desire that the House
shall fix some time for closing the debate in Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union on
the Mexican indemnity bill, and with that vi?w I
offer the following resolution, which I send tokke
Clerk's desk: ™
The resolution was read as follows;
Revoked, That all debate in the Committee of the Whole
Ilou-e on tile state of the Union on bill No. 46, providing
for carrying into execution, in fmther part, thetvveltth aiti-
ele of tile tieaty concluded with Mexico at Guadalupe Hi-
dalgo, shall cease at o'clock, on , if the committee
shall not sooner come to a conclusion on the same, and the
committee shall then proceed to vote on such amendments
as may be pending or ottered to the same, and shall then re-
port it to the House with such amendments asmay be agreed
to by the committee.
Mr. HOUSTON. I will move to fill the blanks
in that resolution by inserting three o'clock to-
morrow afternoon.
Mr DUNHAM. And I move to insert one
o'clock to-morrow.
Many Members. " Oh no, that's too soon."
Mr. HOUSTON. I believe I am entitled to the
floor. I will move the previous question on that
resolution; but at the same time, I do not mean to
press it to a vote this evening. I merely desire
that members shall come here to-morrow morning;
prepared to fix a time at which the debate shall
close. ^ I wish it to close as early as convenient;
but it is not my purpose to shut out any reason-
able amount of debate. I now move that the
House adjourn.
The motion was agreed to, and the House ad-
journed until to-morrow, at twelve o'clock.
PETITION'S, &c.
The following petitions, memorials, &c., were presented
underthe rule, and lefcrred to the appiopnate committees :
By Mr. SMART : The petition of William Brewster and
others, for a light house on Jameson's Point, in the State of
Maine.
Also, the petition of John A. Brewster and others, for a
light-house on Jameson's Point, in the State of Maine.
By Mr. BJSHEijL : The memorial of James L. Collins,
praying relief for losses sustained while ni the service of
the United State* in the wai with Mexico, &,c.
AIpo, the memorial of John Reynolds and others, citizens
of Illinois, prajim; for the light of way and a ^r.mtoi land,
in aid of the construction ot a railroad from Shawneetown,
via Belleville, to a point on the Mississippi river opposite
St. Louis.
By Mr. MeNAIR: The pioeeedmgs of a meeting held at
Nornstown, Montgomeiy county, Pennsylvania, m favor of
an increap-ed dutv on lion.
By Mr. SOHOONMAKER: The pHition of thea&=istant
marshals of Ulster countv, New York, for an increase of j
compensation for taking the late Census*. j
vUso, the petition of William Steriy, for an invalid peil- I
sion. '
Also, the application of Joseph Martin, for a pension. I
Also, the petition of Fiedenck Steele, first lieutenant, !
captain by brevet, s-econd infantry, United States Auny, for
relief.
By Mr. BRECKENRfDGE : The petition of Benjamin
J. Biunham, piaying for a pension.
By Mi. MiLLSON : The petition of Commander John
L. Saunders, United States Navy, asking to he reimbursed
for certain expense* incurred while in command of the Uni-
ted Stales ship St. Mary's.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, Janucmj 22, 1852.
Prayer by the Rev. L. F. Morgan.
PETITIONS.
Mr. SEBASTIAN presented a report and reso-
lutions, adopted by the New Orleans Chamber of
Commerce, relative to the causes of the explo-
sion of steam boilers, and the means of their pre-
vention; which were referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. DAVIS presented the memorial of Wil-
liam H. Bartoll, and citizens of Marblehead,
Massachusetts, representing that the sea-wall at
the southwest part of Marblehead Harbor, which
prevents the waters of Boston Bay from encroach-
ing on said harbor, is in a very dilapidated condi-
tion, and praying an appropriation for repairs of
said wall; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
Mr. MORTON presented the petition of George
Jennings, William T. Jennings, and George S.
Jennings, praying that Thomas D. Jennings may
be allowed to enter a certain tract of land settled
by his father; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Private Land Claims.
Also, the petition of William B. Davis, pray-
ing for remuneration for losses at Indian river,
Florida, during the Indian disturbances in 1849:
which was referred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. MORTON. I also beg leave to present the
petition of John F. Myrick and the assistant
marshals of the northern district of Florida, ask-
ing additional compensation for their services in
taking the Seventh Census in Jackson and Cal-
houn counties. It appears, from the number of
memorials which have been presented to the Sen-
ate from marshals and assistant marshals, from
all portions of the country, that the square-root
system of estimating the mileage of the marshals,
introduced into the census act on the motion of
the Senator from Kentucky,- [Mr. Unt>erwooi>,]
operates badiy; or, .at least, that these officers
have forgotten their mathematics and do'flot un-
derstand how to work it out properly; I move
that the memorial be referred to the Committee of
Claims. -
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I rise'to statethat that
mathematical rule, which was incorporated ^inta
the census act at the last Congress,"Has .worked
more admirably than any rule which has ever
applied by Congress. It has prevented;'fevefry-C -
thing like fraud and cheatery. You have lpren -
scribed a rule by which, when these offidSrlHrav^
: reported the number of families which they have
| enumerated, you can prevent everything -like- air
j exorbitant demand for mileage with mathematical
: certainty The act of 1850,-providing £ox the-.
I taking ot the census, actually allows _more for
: the enumeration than any prior act of Congress/ 1
This dissatisfaction has resulted from the appli-
cation of the mathematical principle to which the
honorable Senator has referred, to prevent the
extraordinary charges for mileage, which .have
been heretofore made by the census marshals.
The rule works admirably^ ^ ^
Mr. MORTON". I would gay, in reply to $ie
remarks of the Senator from-Kentucky, that the * *
rule may work admirably for the Government,
but very badiy for the marshals. One of the
marshals for Florida, as he represents in his
memorial, traveled upwards of one thousand four
hundred miles, was laboriously and assiduoxisly
engaged for three months, and that the amount of
compensation which he received was a hundred
and odd dollars. This rule may work admirably
for the Government and for the benefit of the
Treasury, but certainly it does not afford the
marshals a proper compensation. It reminds
me of one of TEsop's fables in relation t§ the boys
who were throwing stones at the frogs: it was
enjoyment 10 the boys, but death to the frogs. So
this rule, in its operation, may work advanta-
geously to the Government, but it has certainly
operated disadvantageous^ to the marshals.
The laborer is worthy of his reward; but these
officers have not received proper compensation for
their laborious services.
The petition was referred to the Committee of
Claims.
Mr. SMITH presented the petition of the chil-
dren and heirs of John Fanning,a surgeon's mate
in the revolutionary war, praying compensation for
his services; which was referred to the Committee
on RcvolutionaF^ Clams.
Mr. FOOT presented resolutions passed by the
Legislature of Florida, in favor of a distribution
of the decisions of the Supreme Court of the
United States among the States; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Also, a resolution passed by-the Legislature of
Vermont, in favor of a grant of public land for v
the endowment of hospitals for tha, indigent in-
sane; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Mr. President, I have
a memorial of sixteen printed pages—it is from
H. C. Allensworth, of Kentucky. The object of
the memorial will be fully explained by the read-
ing of a single paragraph:
" Your memorials further represents, that the award in
his favor the Ameuean Commissioners, under the
convention of 18H9, computed up to the close of the last
boaid,amounted to§2,446 38. For thatamount hecJaimcd
an award itorn thelast board, ivinch, however, arbitarily
reduced Ins claim to making a difference of ,^1,796."
lie asks Congress to pay him this amount, be-
cause the last board on Mexican claims he alleges
did not do him justice. I believe these memorials
have been referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations. I ask that this may take the same di-
rection.
The memorial was referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Mr. President, I have
also the memorial of John B. Amos. Thepeti- #
tioncr represents that he contracted to carry the
mail from Bowling Green to Glasgow, in the State
of Kentucky; that this line was to connect to-
gether the alternate lines from Louisville to Nash-
ville, one passing through Bowling Green and the
other through Glasgow, by means of which con-
nection the people in the western part of Ken-
tucky had a daily communication with Louisville.
After he made this contract, he complains that the
Government contracted for a direct daily line from
