346
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 22,
Bowling Green to Louisville, which^ deprived him
of passengers on his cross-connecting line. He
has taken testimony and got certificates to show
that he has lost a large quantity of money by this
arrangement made by- the Government. When
this arrangement was first made he says that he
applied to the Postmaster General for additional
compensation, but the Postmaster General refused
to give it to him. He then applied to be released
from the contract. That also was refused. He
therefore claims thaX the Government violated its
contract*, and he asks Congress to grant him relief.
X move to. refer the memorial to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
FLOGGING IN THE NAVY,
Mr..HALE." Mr. President, there lies upon
your-table a petition relating to corporal punish-
ment in the Navy, which was presented some
.time ago, and was, on my motion, postponed until
to-day. I was desirous of saying something in
relation to it, and I am as ready to say it now as
at any future time. But it has been suggested to
me by several Senators that they desire to speak
upon it, and that it would therefore be better to
have it taken up now and assigned a special day
* for its consideration. I move that the memorial
be taken up for the purpose of having a day fixed
for its consideration.
The motion to take up the memorial was agreed
to.
Mr. HALE. I now move that the further con-
sideration of the memorial be postponed to this
day week, and that it be made the special order
for that day, when I hope we shall finish it.
Mr. GW IN. The Committee on Naval Affairs
are suspended in their action on this very question,
because it is under discussion in the Senate. If the
Senator from New Hampshire who has the floor,
and the Senator from New Jersey, [Mr. Stock-
ton,] who wishes to obtain the floor, will permit
the memorial to be referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs, we will very soon bring the subject
before the Senate. The committee is now waiting
for the discussion m the Senate to be stopped. I
hope the Senator from New Hampshire will post-
pone his remarks until the committee shall have
reported upon the subject. I do not wish to inter-
rupt the debate. I have merely made this sugges-
tion.
Mr. HALE. This matter has been before the
Senate for the last six or eight years. A provision
in relation to this subject has ^gperally been put
in some of the general appropriation bills, and was
not reached until the final hours of a session. The
subject therefore has not received the deliberate
attention which it deserves. I am glad that the
Senator from New Jersey moved in this matter at
so early a peiiod. I am prepared to say what
little I have to say upon the subject, just as well
as I shall be hereafter. It was not on my own
account that* I asked for a postponement, but at
the request of other Senators. Having made these
remarks, I am perfectly willing to leave the ques-
tion to the Seuate.
Mr. GWIN. I do not wish to interrupt the
debate at all, but, as I stated to the Senator, the
Committee on Naval Affairs are delayed in their
action by the discussion in the Senate on the sub-
ject. The Naval Committee intend to bring the sub-
ject befoie the Senate in a very short time, either
by a bill to restore flogging, or to provide a sub-
stitute for it. The committee will act promptly.
We are now delayed in our fiction by the discus-
sion in the Senate, and if it is agreeable to the
Senator from New Hampshire, J move to refer the
memorial to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
The motion to refer was agreed to.
PAVERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. SMITH, it was
Orrlartl, That the petition of Samuel W. Ohilson, on the
file-of the Senate, be refeired to the Committee on fhe Post
Office and I'o-t Koadt*.
On motion by Mr. BELL, it was
Ordered, That the memorials of members of the Bar of
F.a-t Temiwsee, on the files ot the Senate, relating to the
appointment of a sepai ale judjje loi that district, be referred
to tiie Committee on the Judiciary.
On motion by Mr. MILLER, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Samuel S. Marcy and other?,
on the files of the Senate, be referied to the Committee ot
Claims.
On motion by Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, it was
Ordered> That Eli^ha Hampton and others, have leave
to withdraw the documents on the files of the Senate, re-
lating to their claims.
On motion by Mr. BRODHEAD, it was
Orderedi That the petition of Mary E. D. Blaney, widow
of George Blaney, on the files of the Senate, be referred to
the -Committee of Claims.
On motion by Mr. GWIN, it was
Ordered, That leave be gi anted to withdraw from the files
of the Senate the petitions of citizens of San Francisco,
California, presented January 2,1852, in relation to the es-
tablishment of a branch Mint at that place.
On motion by Mr. UNDERWOOD, it was
Ordered, That William Tell Zolhekoffer have leave to
withdraw his petition and papers.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I can now state more at
length than I could yesterday the facts under which
this application is made. I stated to the Senate yes-
terday that an unfavorable report had been made
upon this individual's memorial, but that it had
never been acted upon by the Senate. I can now
state in addition, that an application was made to
the Pension Office, and that a pension was ac-
tually granted to Mr. Zollickoffer. Hence he
does not want any further action in the Senate,
fie, however, wishes his papers to be returned to
him, that he may be enabled to show that a pen-
sion ought to have been granted to him at the
Pension Office something like a twelvemonth
earlier than the Commissioner of Pensions allowed.
It is under these circumstances that he asks a
withdrawal of the papers.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. BORLAND, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the bill for the relief
of Mrs. E. A. McNeil, widow of the late General
John McNeil, reported back the same without
amendment.
Mr. UPHAM, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the memorial of Ira Day, of Vermont, submitted
a bill for his relief, accompanied by a report.
The bill was read and passed to the second
reading.
Ordered, That the report be printed.
Mr. WALKER, from the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Claims, submitted the following reso-
lution; which was read:
Resolved That the Committee on Revolutionary Claims
bo authorized to employ a clerk to said committee during
the pi esent session, at the usual compensation.
Mr. BORLAND, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred the motion to print
two thousand additional copies of the report of the
Secretary of War in relation to the inundations of
the Mississippi river, reported thereon; and in
concurrence therewith,
Oulcred, That three thousand additional copies be
printed of the said report—three hundred of which for the
use of the Topographical Bureau.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. SEBASTIAN, agreeably to previous no-
tice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill,
to be entitled " An act to revive for a limited time
' An act in relation to donations of lands to certain
persons in the State of Arkansas;5" which was
read a first and second time by its title and re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
He also, agreeably to previous notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill to release
from reservation and restore to the mass of the
public lands certain lands in the State of Arkan-
sas; which was read a first and second time by
its title and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
ICE BOATS ON TIIE POTOMAC.
Mr. HUNTER, in the absence of the Senator
from Texas, [Mr. Rusk,] and agreeably to pre-
vious notice, asked and obtained leave to introduce
a joint resolution to provide for the employment
of ice boats on the Potomac; which is as follows:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United States in Congress assembled, That the Post-
master General be and he is hereby authorized, in addition
to ordinary steamboat service on the Potomac, to contiuct
with the Washington and Fiedericksbuig Steamboat Com-
pany foi an efficient ice boat, or ice boats, being kept up for
tiie conveyance of the mail during the winter months, pro-
vided the additional expeiii-e to be incurred by the Depart-
ment for keeping up such ice boat or iceboats shall not
exceed $'^0,000 per annum.
The resolution was read a first and second time
and referred to the Committee on the P,ost Office
and Post Roads.
REVENUE FRAUDS. ,
Mr. HUNTER submitted tHe following resolu- «
tion; which was considered by unanimous consent
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be request-
ed to furnish for the information of the Senate a detailed
statement of all eases where seizure and confiscation in
pursuance of law may have taken place on the ground of
under valuation, or fraud, either in the invoice or entry
made or attempted to be made at the cubtom-house of any
collection district in the United States, since the tariff act
of the 30th of July, 1846', went into operation, describing
any such goods, arid stating the place or country from
whencc imported ; togethei with a like statement of all
seizures and confiscations and prosecutions, if any, that
may have taken place in pursuance of thednections to col-
lectors and other officers of the customs contained in the
circular m^tructionsissued by the Secretary of th#  Treasury
under date of the 12th of Octohei, 1849, in the following
teims to wit: Where the value declaied in the entry shall,
'on due appiaisement of tho goods, be found to be so far
' below the foieign cost or maiket value as to raise a pie-
' sumption of being fraudulently invoiced,  eizuie and eon-
c fiscation of the goods should take place under the pi o-
c vis-ions of the act of 2d Mai eh, 1799, and prosecution of
4 the offending party under the nineteenth section of the
' tariff act of 30th August, 1842, instituted."
GENERAL GEORGE TALCOTT.
Mr. HUNTER, in the absence of the Senator
from South Carolina, [Mr. Butler,] submitted
the following resolution; which was considered by
unanimous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested to
furnish, for tho use of the Senate of the United States, a
copy of an original letter, on the files of his Department,
from Colonel Benjamin Ifuger to General George Talcott,
bearing date at Fort Monroe Arsenal, November 5, 1850.
CREDITORS OF THE WESTERN CHEROKEES,
Mr. SEBASTIAN submitted the following les-
olution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secietary of the Interior be and he is
hereby directed to communicate to the Senate copies of all
coirespondence between his Department, including the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs, and persons claiming to be
creditor? of the Western Cherokoes, since the last session
of Congress.
CAPTAIN WILLEAM K. LATIMER.
On motion by Mr. HALE, that two thousand
additional copies of the charges and specifications
before a Court of Inquiry against William K.
Latimer, a captain in the Navy of the United
States, and the accompanying papers, which were
ordered to be printed, be printed for the use of the
Senate—
Ordered, That the motion be referred to the Committee
on Printing.
BOOKS FOR NEW" SENATORS.
The Senate proceeded to consider the resolution
submitted yesterday by Mr. Badger, to supply
each of the new members of the Senate with the
same number and description of books as were
furnished to each of the members of the Senate of
the last Congress: and the resolution was agreed to.
SPIRIT RATION IN THE NAVY.
The Senate proceeded to consider the resolution
submitted by Mr. Sumner, on the 19th instant,
directing the Committee on Naval Affairs to in-
quire into theexpediency of abolishing the spirit
ration in the Navy of the United States, and at
the same time of increasing the monthly pay of
all the enlisted men in the service; and the resolu-
tion was agreed to.
BILLS PASSED.
The following engrossed bills were severally
read a third time and passed:
A bill to extend the time for selecting lands
granted to the State of Wisconsin for saline pur-
A bill for the relief of the widows and relatives
of certain officers and seamen of the United States
brig Washington, who were lost overboard in a
hurricane;
A bill to authorize the State of Illinois to select
the residue of the lands to which she is entitled
under the act of 2d March, 1827, granting land to
aid that State in opening a canal to connect the
waters of the Illinois river with those of Lake
Michigan; and
A bill to admit the Hermaphrodite brig Syl-
phijle to registry.
REPORTS OF SENATE PROCEEDINGS,
'he Senate proceeded to the consideration of
the following resolution, submitted by Mr. Norris
on the 20th instant:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate be and he is
hereby authorized and instructed to audit, and from time to
time to settle, the account of John C, Itives for the reports
