1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
347
of the Senate proceedings and debates published in the
Daily Globe, ar $7 50 per column.
Mr. NORRIS. I suppose that the Senate un-
derstands fully this whole subject; but still I will
make a very brief explanation. As long ago as
1846, a proposition was made in the Senate that
the then editors of the Globe, Messrs. Blair and
Rives, and the editors of the National Intelligencer,
should publish reports of the debates in the Senate.
By that resolution twelve copies were authorized
to be taken by each Senator, of both publications.
The editors of the National Intelligencer refused
to publish so small a number at the price proposed.
The price was six dollars per copy for the long
session, and three dollars per copy for the short
session. Messrs. Blair and Rives accepted the
proposition, and the work was published by Blair
and Rives, and subsequently by Mr. Rives, up to
this time. Those publications at that time, as I
understand, contained merely synopses of the de-
bates, except the Appendix to the Congressional
Globe, in which were published speeches at length,
revised by those who made them. In 1847, the
Senate employed Dr. Houston to make full reports.
He went on throughout thelong session of1847- '48,
and then his contract was given up. In 1848, the
Senate made a proposition to the editors of the
National Intelligencer and the editors of the Union,
to publish the debates lnfull at $7 50 per column.
Those papers continued to publish the debates in
full up to the close of the last session of Congress.
At that time the editors of the Intelligencer gave
notice that they would no longer, on their part,
continue the contract; and they have abandoned
it altogether. It was then understood that the
editors of the Union would likewise abandon the
contract on account of the price which (he Senate
paid not being sufficient, as was alleged.
Mr. Rives, at thecominencement of this session
of Congress, employed a corps of reporters to
make up these reports, and they are now pub-
lished daily in the Daily Globe, and laid upon our
tables. Of the manner in which these reports
have been made, the Senate is able to judge, i pre-
sume that no more efficient corps of reporters can
be found anywhere. So far as I have examined
them, they have been made with great accuracy
and promptness, ft. is necessary that these re-
ports should come from some source, in order to
enable Mr. Rives to fulfill his contract for the sup-
ply of the Congressional Globe. Mr. Rives com-
menced the undertaking at this session, without
any authority on the part of the Senate, and 1
have introduced this resolution to test the sense of
the Senate, whether they will continue the reports
which he has been making. I hope they will; for
J believe it important that the reports of the debates
in the Senate should be faithfully made, and put
in a form to be preserved. I hope the resolution
will be adopted.
Mr. WALKER. If I understand the proposi-
tion, it is to do nothing more in regard to the
Daily Globe than we have heretofore been doing
with regard to the National Intelligencer.
Mr. NORRIS. Nothing more.
Mr. "WALKER. I am in favor of it; and 1
think that if we have evei had good and prompt
reports of debates since I have been here, they
have been in the Globe during this session. The
leading Reporter for that paper for this session
can perform almost a miracle in the way of re-
porting, for he can report me literally when I
speak in my most rapid manner. I have been
astonished at the correctness of the reports for the
Globe, and I should regret exceedingly to see them
discontinued.
Mr. HALE. I concur in Everything which has
been said in favor of these reports; but there is
one thing which I wish to see corrected. We hire
reporters to report what is done and said in the
Senate; hut we shall never have precisely that so
long as the practice is tolerated of allowing mem-
bers to revise their speeches. In these revised
speeches I frequently find omitted things that were
said, and I find put in things that were not said.
This offer has been very kindly made to me by
the reporters; but I told them to take what I say
just as I say it. I do not want to make a speech
afterward. If it is nonsense, let it be nonsense.
I decidedly object to this revising of speeches to
go out as speeches that are made; and I hope some
m^de will be adopted by which the very faithful
and accurate reports we do have when they are
not revised or corrected, will be allowed to go as
they are reported; and that Senators will not be
permitted to send out as said what is not said. I
hope the resolution will^pass.
. Mr. GWIN. I wish to say a single word upon
the point raised by the Senator from New Hamp-
shire. It is highly probable that that Senator may
be so distinctly heard as to be reported accurately
on all occasions, but I say very candidly that 1
cannot be; and 1 have found "it necessary to add to
the reports of my speeches that which 1 intended
to suy, whether 1 said it or not. 1 do not speak
for display; but if I did not sometimes revise, as
1 have intimated, I should be put in a wrong po-
sition before my constituents. The Congressional
Globe is an official work. It is to be put into the
archives of the country, and I have found it abso-
lutely necessary, when speaking on questions of
importance to my own constituents, to see that I
am put right.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks that
according to the rules, the resolution must have
three readings. The rule of the Senate is, that all
resolutions proposing amendments to the Consti-
tution, or to which the approbation and signature
of the President of the United States may be re-
quisite, or which may grant money out of the
contingent or any other fund, shall be treated in
all respects in the introduction and form of pro-
ceedings on them in the Senate m a similar man-
ner with bills. This is a resolution to provide
for auditing and settling accounts, and therefore
appropriates money, and must have three readings.
Mr. BADGER. I wish merely to say that I
hope this resolution will pass, and expressly for
the benefit of the honorable Senator from New
Hampshire, [Mr. Hale.] I know of no gentle-
man who, it seems to me, is pursuing a course
more adverse to his own interests and public rep-
utation, as deservedly high as his is, in opposing
this resolution.
Mr. HALE. I do not oppose the resolution.
I am in favor of it.
Mr. BADGER. I understood the Senator to
oppose so much of the proposition as authorized
the revision of speeches.
Mr. HALE. There is no such proposition in
the resolution.
Mr. BADGER. The Senator from New
Hampshire so commonly speaks to the subject
before the Senate, and so seldom wanders from it,
that I really supposed that something of the kind
was up for the consideration of the body. 1 think
it is very much to be regretted that the Senator
has not taken the pains to revise some of his
speeches. I will not say that they need any addi-
tion; but some of them very much stood in need
of the inverted stylus: and I know no gentleman
in this country, considering the large fame which
he enjoys, who has suffered more from want of
the expunging process, in some of the speeches
which he has made in this Chamber. My regret
for him on this account is so great, that, if he is
not willing to take the labor of striking out un-
necessary passages for himself, 1 would be almost
willing to take that labor on myself, though- I
very rarely do it in my own speeches.
Mr. HALE. In answer to that I would say,
that I do not, like some other young gentlemen,
come here to make a display of myself by talking.
When I talk it is for the country. Let those gen-
tlemen who are anxious for a rhetorical reputation,
pore over the midnight lamp, and put prepositions
into their speeches, and add other ornaments of
rhetoric; but do not let them find fault with the
practical business-men of the Senate who come
here to do the business of the country, because
they have not been able to run a race with them
in rhetorical declamations. I am perfectly willing
that the Senate should set apart a day when these
gentlemen shall come in and display themselves.
Saturday afternoon might be a very convenient
time. [Laughter.] I am perfectly willing that a
corps of leporters should be here and understand
that they are only to make the skeletons; and that
the ornaments are to be put in afterwards by the
gentlemen themselves. Though I have no objec-
tion to that, what I want is, that when we have a
corps of reporters to keep a record of what is said,
we should have what is said. I do not want to
trust to the fertile imagination that may be licked
into shape over the midnight lamp afterwards, and
put in as being said on the spur of the moment.
I am but a plain blunt man. I speak what oc-
curs to me at the time 1 speak. If it is not in the
ornate form in which the elaborate production's of
the eloquent Senator from tNorth Carolina appear,
perhaps it is my misfortune. I do no.t make
speeches for schoolboys to declaim at 'academi-
cal exhibitions, and to" have a star affixed, ami
" J. P. Hale " put against the piede. JT have' no
desire for anything of that sort. - 1 merely spefck
for my constituents and for the country/ • I speak
the suggestions of my own heart in • the ,plainest'
way in which they occur to me,; I. am 'not;desi-
rous of any reputation, which the honora|)}eSep-
ator thinks I have jeoparded by not- 'looking over
my speeches after they have been delivered/jThat
is all I have to say. . - *'-r' ■ ''
Mr. BADGER. Why, here is a most eminent *'
example of the propriety of the honorable Sena-
tor's revising his speeches. What would thehbnr
orable Senator himself, what would-any other man
of taste think of what he has just said abbut
"licking a fertile imagination into shape?" I
hope he will correct that anyhow. [Laughter.]
But the honorable Senator compels me, which I
did not desire to do before, to assign.an additional
and much stronger reason than I did assign, why
I wished he would look oveV and expurgate his
speeches. I mentioned a reason which affected
him personally, and it fras a very grave and'se-
rious one. But there is another and higher reason.
I wished it for the sake of the country, for a
great many inflictions have been imposed upon it
by the honorable Senator, wl|ich, I have no doubt,
in his calmer and more judicious moments, if he
ever has any such, he would have stricken out."
Mr. HALE. One single word more. The
reason the honorable Senator, assigns, shows that
he supposes that the country reads my speeches,
and, therefore, he thinks that they ought to be ex-
purgated. He would, therefore, seem to imply,
that somespeechesaremadehere, which the coun-
try does not trouble itself about, even so much as
to read. That I regard as a compliment. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr, BADGER. I would say that I do not wish
to continue this contest with the honorable gentle-
man for the last word. His wit is getting low,
and there is nothing left of the wine but the lees.
That is all I have to say.
Mr. HALE. You had better not have said that.
Mr. CASS. I desire Ao say but one word. It
will be recollected, that at the last session this sub-
ject was before the Senate, and a proposition was
distinctly made that no Senator should revise his-
speeches. Well, if by not revising is meant, that
a Senator is not to look over the notes of the re-
porters, and correct them where errors can be
found, it is a species of tyranny to which no Le-
gislature in the world would submit. I am pre-
cisely m the same condition as the honorable Sen-
ator from California. It is difficult for the reportei*s
to report me, It is not their fault; it is mine.
From some defect, or owing to my hasty enun-
ciation, I cannot be heard as distinctly as many
Senators. I know from experience, that I cannot
be exactly reported on this account. If a Senator
was not to be allowed to look over his remarks
and correct an egregious mistake when he found
one, no one would submit to it. If mistakes can
be found, are these reports to be like the laws of
the Medes and Persians, unalterable? Cannot I
put myself right, if I find an error in regard to my
position7 How far a Senator should go in the
operation of revising his remarks, must depend
upon himself. He ought to put in nothing con-
cerning anybody else, or anything which would
convey a false idea of what he said. But to say
that a Senator shall not revise or correct to any
extent the notes of the reporters, is to put him in
a position that no one would submit to.
The PRESIDENT. The resolution has been
read a first time. Shall it have a second reading?
Mr. HALE. I do not want to put myself in a
false position. I have no sort of objection to a
Senator's looking over his speech and making
right that which he said. What I object to is
erasing what he did say, and putting in what he
did not say.
Mr. BADGER. Does anyone do that?
Mr. GWIN. Name the Senator who does it.
Mr. HALE. I do not suppose that it is a
criminal matter; I suppose it is a matter which
every Senator thinks he has a right to do. I may
be mistaken in fact, but 1 have looked over the
last long speech made in the Senate, the spee5j? °*
the honorable Senator from Florida,1 [Mr. Max.-
I
