mo
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 6,
' m«nt of the Committee on Finance to insert the
following:
For additional compensation for increasing tlietranpport-
ation of the United States mad butwecn New York and
- Liverpool, in the Collins hue of steamers, to twenty-six
trips per annum, at such times as shall be directed by the
Postmaster General, and in conformity to his last annual
report to Congress, and his letter of the 15th of November
ast {0 life Secretary of the Navy, commencing said increased
service on the first of January, 1552, at the rate of $33,006
' per trip, in lieu of the present allowance, the sum of
$03P,5(W. ,
• Mr, JAMES. Mr. President, I am fully aware
• that the Senate has become, tired of the discussion
of this amendment; and I am tired of it myself,
as-I believe the people are tired of hearing of it.
Nothing would induce me, sir, to lengthen out the
debate by taking part m it, but a sense of duty to
my constituents, to the people of tins countiy, and
to myself as an American citizen. , I deem the
question one of great importance, not only to in-
dividual interests, but, in a national point of view,
to the whole American people. It is simply for
this reason that i feel a deep interest in the ques-
tion. Novice as I am, sir, in parliamentary affairs,
I cannot expect to cope with honorable Senators
of far greater-powers and much longer experience,
nor yet to add much weight to the arguments al-
ready advanced in support of this measure; much
less can I hope to bring home conviction, to the
mind- of the honorable Senator from Virginia, to
whom 1 regret to find myself opposed. I hope,
however, that powerful and discerning- mind, will
yet discover the error of its ways as regards this
important subject; and when this shall occur, I
know the honorable Senator's high sense of honor
will not withhold an acknowledgment.
Mr, President, I do not propose to take up the
time of the Senate by attempting a thorough in-
vestigation of the subject now before us, with o
view to ascertaining the precise number of dollars
and cents which this Government should advance
to enable the Collins line of ocean steamers to
compete successfully with their old, skilled, and
experienced antagonists} of the British Canard line.
1 would, however, take n brief, practical, general
view of the subject; and however imperfect thnt
view may be, I trust it may be found truthful, if
not satisfactory and convincing. I trust, also, that
whatever I may say will be national in its charac-
ter and bearing.
The honorable Senator from Virginia, [Mr.
Hunter,] whom I am always pleased to hear on
this floor—because, however 1 may differ from his*
views on this question, always brings groat force
and power to his aid on any subject that, calls
him out—assumed the other day that the amount
to be paid by the Government in aid of this enter-
prise would he so much paid for protection against
foreign competition. The honorable gentleman
then added, and very properly too, in my opinion,
that there were other interests equally meritori-
ous,winch stand in as much need of protection as
the Collins hrieofsteamers—such asthe manufac- 1
turc of iron, woolen, and other articles, i have the ■
pleasure to agree most fully with the honorable j
gentleman on this point, and can but hope thnt we j
may not disagree on a partial remedy for the evils j
experienced in all these cases. j
But, Mr. President, the honorable Senator j
stated, 1 think, that to extend pecuniary aid to the j
Collins line of steamers, would be protection in its :
worst form. Whether worst or best, however, j
sir, it is the only available form. For 'he Govern- 1
ment to discriminate between this line and the '
British line, by means of custom duties, port :
charges, &c,, would be a direct, infraction of treaty j
stipulations; and hence the only protection we can I
extend to the American !me is pecuniary aid from :
theNationalTre&sury. But as the honorable Sen- j
ator from Virginia incidentally introduced the sub-
ject of protection to manufacturers, it may not he
deemed irrelevant Should I, m passing, stop to
offer a remark or two on that subject as incidental
to the question now before us.
It is an idea that has long been considered by
many as an incontrovertible fact, that any aid be-
stowed by Government on any branch"of busi-
ness, in the form of discriminating duties, or oth-
erwise, is a tax imposed on the consumer, and to
be paid by him, in addition to what would other-
wise be the cost of the-article consumed, and that
for the sole benefit of the manufacturer or pro-
ducer. In other words, that, if the purchaser
were to pay a duty of twenty per cent, ad valorein
on the article purchased, the domestic and foreign
| fabric both would be enhanced twenty per cent, in
j price to the consumer, which addition would be-
i come a perpetual tax, and find- its way into the
! pocket of the manufacturer or producer to enhance
| his profits^
j No doubt, Mr. President, this idea has been,
and is, very honestly entertained and advocated;
! yet I think it is a mistake, and- feel well assured
I that there are facts in abundance to prove it so.
j But 1 am not about to go into the argument on this
j subject at the present time, and will merelyjnotice
| one or two facts to illustrate what I have said.
I It is believed, sir,, that all articles of mariufac-
| ture produced in the United States, iron included,
1 the manufacture of which may be said to have
j gained a firm footing, and been fostered so us to
I enable them to compete with similar foreign arti-
i cles, have continually diminished in price to the
i present moment, and are to be had at less prices
• in our own market than in any other market in
i the world. In fact, the reduction of price in most
: articles has been more than double the amount of
I protective duties that have been imposed on simi-
! lar articles from foreign countries. Certainly this
j doeanot look very much like taxing theconsumer.
| U is truly essential to success, and therefore as
frnpo'rtant to all branches of business, especially
manufactures, that skill and practical knowledge
should be obtained by long and close application
and thorough training in regular practical oper-
I ations, and asrmuch so as that candidates for office
I in our Army and Navy should be trained in our
! military or naval schools, and in the field or on
i shipboard be -made practically acquainted with the
| dutiesof their professions. Theevidenceoftheben-
efits of such a course of training with the artisan
( and the operative is to be Keen in eveiycity, town,
' village, and hamlet, and on the person of every
| citizen, in the astonishing improvements that have
, been made in every depaitment of the mechanic
, arts, and the equally astonishing leduction that
: has been effected in the cost of almost every pro-
! duction.
i Mr. President, in the very natuie of things it. is
! impossible for our mechanics and operatives to
j compete with those of Europe in those branches
! in which their mechanical ingenuity lu\« not been
I called out and developed. Practice is necessary,
i We have a.s good mechanical ability as nnv coun-
j try on the globe, and practice, and practice alone,
I is necessary to its? full development. When Gov-
| eminent grants to that ability protection against
; foreign competition, it calls it into successful uc-
| lion; and whether in the manufacture of cloth or
, iron, or the construction and management ofsteam-
j ships, or anything else, that taleiit wiii not fail to
1 return to the Government and the country a thou-
' sand fold for all the protection thus grunted.
! Permit me, sii, to ask, how is our mechanical
1 talent to be fully developed ? How are our artisans,
| our engineers, and our hosts of others, necessary
, to the business, to become skilled m the constnic-
■ tion of large ocean steamers and their machinery,
and in their management, without practice? Yet
! sir, in accordance with the progress of the a e, the
i skill required fortius business will become as ne-
, eessary on the seas as railroads have already be-
come to displace themail-coueh and barrage-wagon
on the land. I will here introduce a fact to show
what difficulties have had to be encountered, and
what large expenses incurred, in carrying out
: such an undertaking as the Collins line.
The main shaft of a lar^e ocean steamer—a war
i steamer, if you please—was to be made: its length
j some thirty feet, more or less, and its diameter
| some twenty-four inches. You at once see that
: that was a huge mass of iron. For surh a work
1 we hod no furnace of sufficient dimensions and
' capacity—they were altogether too s<i:;dl for such
work. Our hammers were far too light; and our
I fires, while burning the sui face of the metal, scarce-
ly warmed the center. Our bestand ablest forgers
' were entirely unacquainted with the process of
| working such a huge mass of metal: and all, sir—
| all had to learn, who undertook to do ir—all hod
; to learn by prrctice. Experiment on experiment
j failed, and resulted in consequent, heavy josses,
' until, by costly improvements in the means, the
artisan, by long and determined perseverance, had
learned to perfect this work.
Mr. President, permit me to inquire who is to be
benefited by these expetimems,these failures, these
losses, this long perseverance, and this final suc-
cess? The community is,or will be, asmuch bene-
fited by them as those who achieved the success
and paid the coat; and infinitely more so. And
the Government—yes, sir, the Government—is,
or will be, as much benefited as the community.
y4nd, sir, what I have said of this massive shaft is
equally applicable to every portion of that huge
machine—the marine engine—which propels the
'mammoth ocean steamer with such mighty speed
across the Atlantic, and with which we have beaten
the ablest mechanics and the best steam-ship and
steam-engines of the Old World. And is this
nothing to our Government? Is this nothing to
the people of the United States?
Mr. President, the period is rapidly approaching
when canvas will be a scarce article on the ocean,
and when our steamers will constitute our navy.
Then it will be found that whatever aid,our Gov-
ernment may have extended to our merchant steam
marine will not have been lost, inasmuch#as, by
that means, they will have enabled our mechanics
and artisans to render invaluable aid, which they
would not have been qualified to render without it.
Sir, the Government of the United States is
emphatically dependent on the community for tal-
ent, ingenuity, and practical skill. They have no
schools or other institutions for the purpose of
mechanical instruction; and when ship-builders,
engineers, or other mechanics ore wanted, the Gov-
ernment, like an individual employer, must at all
times be compelled to seek them where they are to
be had. Jtiscertainly, then, for the interest ofthe
Government to foster those enterprises, by means
of which the very talent and skill required for
Government purposes maybe the most readily de-
veloped and most properly disciplined.
In what school has been r< ar^d and qualified a
race of the best seamen in tl e world, and among:
them a fair proportion of as bold and skillful navi-
gators as ever trod a quarter-deck on the stormy
Atlantic* Sir, thntsrhool is our eastern fisheries—
a business that has long been fostered by the hand
of the Government by the payment of large sums
of moneyin the form of bounty; and these hardy
denizens of the ocean have returned fourfold to
their Government and their country for every dol-
lar thus bestowed on them. Our £-reat ocean
steamers are rare schools for the purpose of turn-
ing out first-rate practical seamen, practical naviga-
tors, practical mechanics, and practical engineers;
and I feel fully assured it is not affirming too much
when I say there are no institutions in the United
States in which all these professions—except, per-
haps, those of the seaman and the navigator—can
!>e studied to so great advantage, where practical
knowledge of a high order can be so readily ob-
tained, or where men can become so well qualified
to discharge the duties of those professions, as on
board those steamers. And, sir, is this nothing
to our Government5—nothing to our country? Is
it a matter of trivial importance to have our naval
and merchant marine officered and manned by the
bust seamen, navigators, engineers in the world?
Is it a matter of no moment to this Government
and this people to know that they have at their
call mechanics who are capable of beating the.
world in the construction and equipment of ships,
either for peace or war? Is it a matter altogether
unimportant that, in case of war with a foreign
nation, we can fill our ships,with men reared in
such a school, instead of those [licked up here and
there, without training, without experience, and
without practical knowledge? Sir, I consider the
question before the Senate as one that bears direct-
ly on this important subject. On its face it is a
proposition to aid the Collins line of steamers, but
practically, I look upon it as one in which ,the
Government and the country Are deeply interested
for the reasons I have stated.
Mr. President, the honorable Senator from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Hunter] has taken the ground that
aid is, in this instance, called for merely£o enable
the proprietors of the Collins line of steamers to
: keep up a ruinous competition with a foreign line,
in a trial of speed on the ocean; and, as the Col-
lins line has not yet been able to sustain itself, he
has come to the conclusion that it never can do so.
Such being the case, he seems to think, that the
sooner the business is given up to the Cunard line
the better. Further, he thinks, also, that the busi-
ness being a losing one, the more of it the Cunard
line does, the sooner that line will be ruined. I do
not think, sir, that the honorable gentleman, in
coming to these conclusions, manifested his usual
depth of thought, or clearness and force of argu-
