1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1261
ment. Sir, were these conclusions correct, and
had a line of conduct been pursued in conformity
with them with regard to our manufactures, not a
yard of cloth, nor a ton of irofc, would have been
manufactured in this country. At first, and for a
long time, it was a losing business in this country;
and, to carry the honorable gentleman's conclu-
sions out, our manufacturers' ought to give up the
entire business to the foreign manufactui ens at
once, in order to involve them in speedy ruin.
Eyery one acquainted with the history of manu-
factures* in this country well knows that those
manufactures—especially that of iron, and that
of cotton by machinery—were encouraged by
bonuses and exclusive privileges, bestowed by the
governments of the several States in which they
were situated. Thus early did our ancestors deem
it a matter of great public, importance to encourage
private enterprise for the public good, against for-
eign competition. But, sir, none of these enter-
prises were tit first able to sustain themselves,
even with the legislative patronage they received.
One after another they all failed, and retired from
the field of competition. And why was this'
Simply because in this country the business was
an untried experiment. It failed, as experiments,
subsequently successful, frequently do at first, for
the want of that skill which is to be acquired only
by mean's of experience and practice.
- ~Mr. President, suppose our manufacturers had
finally adopted the conclusion arrived at by the
honorable Senator from Virginia, and because their
business had hitherto been a losing one given it
up entirely into the hands of the foreign manufac-
turer, with the view of working his speedy rum,
what would have been the result? Tne foreign
manufacturer would have retained the monopoly.
He would have ruled our markets, and he would
have exacted and extorted from us prices at least
fifty per cent., and in many cases a hundred, above
what we are now required to pay.. To the fixed
determination and indomitable perseverancteof our'
mechanics, operatives,and manufacturers, to coin-
pete with foreign skill, aided by protective duties,
are due the invaluable improvements that have
been made in all branches of manufactures, and
the great reduction m prices that has taken place.
This view of the subject in most of its bearings is
equally applicable to the question now before the
Senate.
In the -enterprise of steam navigation on the
ocean, Great Britain was many years ahead of us.
Her first experiments were partial, and some of
them total failures. So have some of ours been,
not excepting even some made by our Govern-
ment. But l>y the time we had commenced m the
same line of business, it had called to its aid in
Great Britain the best scientific skill and knowl-
edge in the world, and their powerful energies
have been concentrated on the mighty work before
them. After years of trial and toil they succeeded;
and it was not till the proprietors of the Collins
line had projected their- gigantic enterprise that
any attempt at all to be compared with that of the
British company had been made in America. We
had, to be sure, multitudes of steam-engines, and
fleets of- steam-boats, and few, very few, steam-
ships; but among the whole there wa3 no one to
serve as a modelor a guide for the construction
and equipment of a steam-ship such as the object
required, or the nature of the contract with the
Government demanded. Suppose the shipsalready
built, there were no facilities adequate to the con-
struction of their immense engines. All was to be
created, sir, at an enormous expense of time, skill,
and money—all was created.. By long and deter-
mined perseverance, the mechanical skill and in-
genuity were found equal to the emergency.
Practically the experiment has proved eminently
successful. But so great has been its cost, and so
powerful the rivalry, that hitherto it has not re-
warded its projectors and proprietors as such a
noble enterprise should. Tn this dilemma, the
honorable Senator from Virginia advises those
proprietors to relinquish the business to their
rivals as the speediest means of bringing ruin on
those rivals. We will examine this proposition.
Mr. President, to relinquish the Collins line
would be precisely what the Cunard line particu-
larly ,desires. To compel the Collins line to with-
draw from its route is precisely what the Cunard
line is attempting to do. Such a result once ac-
complished, and the business becomes a monop-
oly in-the hands of the proprietors of that line.
They can then have their own way, regulate prices
to suit themselves, and not only sustain their line
by means of their business but enrich their com-
pany. To this end, together with a pride of feel-
ing, they have formed the determination that no
American line to rival theirs shall traverse the
same route. True to this determination, andjwell
knowing that the British Government will sustain
them, they have adopted that petty species of com-
petition which has long been practiced to an extent
injurious to all parties, and ruinous to some, be-
tween rival steam-boats and stage-coaches in this
country. In other words, the British line has
determined, cost what it may, to drive the Collins
line from the ocean. The Collins line, or its pro-
prietors, though strong in wealth, cannot compete
with the Lords of the Admiralty, with the British
Treasury at their command; and the question is,
as our neighbors on the other side of the Atlantic-
seem unwilling that we should run a line of steam-
ers to one of their ports, whether we will or will
not do it at any rate. To do it, sir, some further
Government aid must be granted foi the present.
Without such aid, the enterprise must be relin-
quished, and we must be reduced to an absolute
dependence on Great Britain for all the facilities
required by the Government and the people of this
country by means of steam navigation between
our own ports and those of Great Britain. But,
sir, the honorable gentleman does not believe it
requires the aid asked for to enable the Collins
line to go ou. 1 need take up no more time in re-
ply to this point than to say, and which is the fact,
that the stock of the company can now be pur-
chased in the market, in any quantity, at a dis-
count of fifty per cent, from par. This simple
fact will be, to every man at all acquainted with
business, a full and sufficient reply to ail argument
based on calculations which may be intended to
show that this line can.continue in operation with-
out the aid which ihis amendment is intended to
afford. In order to show, sir, that the proprietors
of this line and the citizens of New York wish
for no monopoly, I am authorized to say that
$1,000,000 of tlie stock of the company will be
sold at par, if wanted, to the citizens of any State
in the Union, should this amendment prevail.
Mr. President, the honorable Senator from Vir-
ginia has characterized this competition as a mere
trial of speed on the ocean. Sir, I have shown
that it embraces much more than this. But, sir,
no doubt this has had much to do with it; and, m
my opinion, the gratification of a high and honor-
able fueling of national pride is worth something
to a Government and a country. Up to the period
of the war of 18J2, the American people had
almost unanimously yielded their assent to the oft-
reueroted boast that " Britannia rules fhewaves."
That war afforded some practical data that cast
some doubts on the legitimacy of the claim in a
naval point of view. Our clipper ships have in-
creased those doubts; and the superior speed of
the little yacht America, and our Collins steamers'
over any vessels of their description ever con-
structedin Great Britain, has set the matterat rest.
And can it be matter of surprise that the Ameri-
can people, who have been so long, constantly,
and bitterly taunted by the English, for their sup-
posed inferiority in everything, should manifest
some degree of national pride at these demonstra-
tions? Is it not an amiable, patriotic feeling ? It
is not wonderful, then, that they, the people,
should expect, and, sir, they will expect, that
some aid should be rendered to this line of-steam-
ers, which, at such a heavy cost, and so much
loss, has achieved the greatest victory, whether of
war or peace, that was ever achieved on the ocean: a
victory, not of bruie force, but of science and skill!
Mr. President, I ask if the Government and the
country gam nothing by this enterprise' The vast
improvements introduced by tins company into
steam machinery for sea-going purposes, and also
into the vessels themselves, are invaluable, and
worth more, vastly more, to the country, than ail
the aid the company has heretofore received from
the Government and that now solicited by them.
Certainly, such an enterprise does, on the score
of the public good, demand some reward for all
the sacrifices it has cost.
Sir, whether this line of steamers will or will
not, with the aid now asked for, be able to sustain
itself, is a question which time only can definitely
answer. For my own part, I'should think it
would. The proprietors are good business men;
and they, together with those engaged in manag-
ing and navigating these ships, will, of course,
be learning every day, by means of practice,
where improvements can be made and expendi-
tures reduced; and, by a truly business-li.ke and
economical line of conduct, I believe the experi-
ment will finally be found profitable, as it has most
assuredly proved successful as to speed and safety.
As an American citizen and an American me-
chanic, 1 feel, in common with my fellow-citizens,
proud of the Collins line, and hope it may be sus-
tained . Sir, I see no necessity tor the apprehen-
sion expressed by the honorable gentleman from
Virginia,.that aid now rendered shall become a
precedent for the future action of Congresa. Con-
gress will hereafter, as now, should such a ques-
tion come up, act on the necessity, the justice, or -
the expediency of the case, without regard to pre-
cedent. These ships are partially in'the employ-
ment oftheGovernment—on them the Government
has a lien—and, whenever the exigencies of the
case may require, they will be converted exclu-
sively to the Governmentservice. Shall wfe, then,
under such circumstances, withhold the aid re-
quired, and thus second the efforts of its foreign
competitors to crush the enterprise at once, and
thus deprive the Government and the country of
the invaluable services of the finest and best line
of steam-ships in the world? Sir, I hope not. It
would mortify me, and so it would, I am certain,
the great body of our citizens, to witness such a
result.
The honorable Senator, however, does not seem
to look with a great deal of regret on the appre-
hended failure of the Collins line. Let it go down,- ■
he says, and by advertising we can have vessels
as fleet as theirs, for a great deal less money. That
the Government, by going into the market, and
dickering, as the cant phrase is, with steam-ship
owners, might obtain vessels for less money, is
altogether likely; but whether equally fleet, is an-
other question. They do not exist now, neither
in this country nor any other. But, sir, the pru-
dent man looks at the quality of an article as well
as the price. You may procure vessels at muc.h
cheaper rates; but what will be their quality ? You
will not find those that have been built under the
eye of the Government agent, and in accordance
with the requirements of a Government contract.
They may he good vessels. They may be safe
vessels. Who will know, and who is to hazard
the trml? Besides, sir, shall we exercise no mag-
nanimity—no justice? True, sir, the Government
has fulfilled the contract to its letter with this com-
pany, and paid all that was stipulated—all that
was asked. But what then? Will the Govern-
ment drive a hard bargain with its citizens; and,
because they happened to make a miscalculation,
compel them either to relinquish their contract,
after having made enormous sacrifices in struggles
for its fulfillment, or to fulfill it at a sacrifice still
greater? I trust not—I trust the Government has'
more magnanimity, more justice, more honor, than
to suffer such a result. 1 hope the aid to prevent
it will be cheerfully afforded, and that this com-
pany will receive the encouragement and support
they so richly merit.
But, s r, the honorable gentleman from Virginia
went still further. He assumed that, in case -the
aid now asked for was granted, Congress would
lie under obligation to extend similar aid, if re-
quired, to companies m any and every other port
formed for similar purposes. Sir, I cannot see the
force of this argument. My own impression has
been that Congress possessed some discretionary
powers not exactly limited by precedents. The
object in view in this case seems to me to test thor-
oughly our steam communication with England,
the ablest mechanic power in the world, and in
which attempt we necessarily come in competition
with her own steam-ships, for the satisfaction and
benefit of our whole country. By the result of
this trial people in all the ports in our country will
be ruled. Those who would wish to engage in
this business areas much interested in having this
experiment earned out, as are the proprietors of
this line. Should the experiment fail of success,
then, of course, it must be abandoned, and others
would not be very ambitious to renew it. Should
it succeed, no further aid would be requiredj and
thus the people everywhere will learn the result
without the further sacrifice of either private or
public means. But there is still another important
feature of the case to be considered.
