2126
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 7,
charges were distinct, as jf they had been made
against thirteen different men. The witnesses were
summoned in each case for the United States, and
the defendant in his own behalf summoned Jhis
witnesses in each of the thirteen cases. A num-
ber of the witnesses failing to appear on both sides,
the district attorney and the counsel for the de-
fense, without consultation, or connivance with
the clerk, or the marshal, but in the just and proper
discharge of the duty they owed to fhe Govern-
ment of the United States on the one hand, and
the prisoner on the other, asked for rules against
these absent witnesses to secure their attendance
at the next terra of the court, to render satisfac-
tory excuses for their absence, or, failing to do
this, subject themselves to the fine which might
be assessed upon them. These rules were issued
by the clerk in exact conformity with the rules of
practice that prevail in our State courts, and they
were served by the marshal just as the same pro-
cess in the State courts would have been served
by the sheriff of the county. These are the facts,
and, and when they are understood, I submit to
the members of this House, whether any abuse
has occurred, which can be justly censured ? They
have acted in strict accordance with the established
rules of practice which prevail in our State courts,
as every Virginia lawyer well knows. They have
done only what was ordered by the court to be
done in these cases, and if this had not been done,
the witnesses*could not be held to answer for their
disregard of the process of the court. The clerk
issued these rules, and the marshal executed them,
as these officers were bound to do, and claimed
their fees, as they had an undoubted right to do.
Can it be pretended that they acted improperly ?
When the marshal sent on his account to the Comp-
troller's office, the charges for these services were
in it, and explanations in regard to the items de-
manded. The attention of the marshal and clerk
was thus directed to the matter, and they were in-
formed that the accounts would not be passed upon
until their explanation should be received. Upon
this application the explanation was furnished,
and that explanation was satisfactory. The ac-
counts were allowed, and after this lapse of time,
and under these circumstances, these officers are
now held up before the country and grossly libeled.
And in order to give point and force to the libel,
a portion of those facts are furnished to the com-
mittee and to the country, while others material
to their vindication are studiously concealed from
the Judiciary Committee.
This is all I feel called upon to say. I have
placed these gentlemen in a proper position before
this House, and [ think I have satisfied the mem-
bers that they have done nothing wrong—nothing
deserving of censure. If the Comptroller and his
officers had furnished these facts, as they ought to
have done, no such imputations would have been
found in the report of the Committee, or in the
speech of the able chairman, and I would have
been relieved from the necessity of saying anything
in vindication of these gentlemen on this occa-
sion.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York, (Mr. Meade
yielding the floor.) Will the gentleman from
Virginia allow me to say a few words? I shall
not enter into a minute examination of the pro-
visions of this bill. I propose to confine the few
remarks I have to make to a general consideration
in reference to the bearings of'this bill upon civil
.suits—upon suits between citizen and citizen, and
not where the United States is a party,
I have supposed, sir, that the evil which was to
be remedied by the passage of a bill of this char-
acter, was confined to the officers of the United
States, whose fees in some cases were charged to
have been unreasonable, and large bills made out
where there was great discretion given not only
to the person claiming the fees, but also to the
court who should determine what were allowable;
and upon recurring to the President's message, in
which this subject is brought to the distinct con-
sideration of Congress, I find that the evil which
was complained of exists in that quarter, and in
that quarter only. If we will refer to it, we shall
find that our attention was called to the want of a
uniform fee bill, prescribing the compensation to
be allowed to district attorneys, clerks, marshals,
and commissioners. These are all United States
officers, and the evil has been felt and known in
its full extent in the administration of the Govern-
ment through the Treasury Department; and the
report which has come to us from the Secretary
of the Interior, under whom these matters are
placed for his consideration, shows us that the evil
is confined to that quarter. Now, sir, when we
look at this bill, we find that it not only assumes
to provide for th.e regulation of fees and compen-
sation for these officers of the Government, but
also the fees and everything that appertains to the
administration of justice between citizens in civil
suits, so far as compensation or fees are con-
cerned.
Now, sir, I object to the bill in this particular.
If it was confined^ to a reform of the evil which
has been complained of, and which I conceive is
demonstrated by the report of the Secretary of the
Treasury, and the officers of our Government
who have communicated the facts on this subject,
to be a^great and crying evil, and one that ought
to be reformed r I should have no objection to the
general principles on which it is founded. As to
the details of the bill, so far as the fees of these
public officers are concerned, 1 am not prepared
to say but that they are proper. I have taken
some pains, by communication with public men
who are conversant with the duties of these offi-
cers, and with their compensation, in the State
where i reside, to ascertain, by a distribution of
the bill, which has been reported by the Judiciary
Committee, and by correspondence with them,
whether the fees as prescribed for these officers
were proper and adequate, or whether they were
too large, and I have heard no objection to them
in the main. I believe they are satisfactory, so
far as these officers are concerned. But there is
an inherent difficulty in this matter which has
I been felt before in the legislation of this country,
i We find that soon after our Constitution was
j adopted, and the establishment of a judiciary sys-
tem came up for the consideration of Congress,
i this very matter of the regulation of compensa-
tion in civil suits was the subject of very serious
embarrassment. It was found so impracticable
then so to frame a fee bill in reference to civil
suits as to meet the wishes of all parts of the
country, that it was abandoned; and gentlemen,
by referring to the law of 1799 upon that subject,
will see that the legislators of that day felt called
upon to fall back upon the most rational ground
that could be occupied upon this subject, and
leave this matter where the people of the different
Stales had left it. They were supposed to know
better, from their own local usages, from their
customs, from the manner of doing business in
their courts, and from the modes which they had
adopted for the enforcement of private rights and
the repression of private wrongs, what rates of
compensation should be given, and how the laws
giving that compensation, in the shape of fees, or
; otherwise, should be carried out.
j This arose, undoubtedly, from those institutions
j of a judicial character that were introduced into
each State at its early settlement, peculiar to itself,
peculiar to the inhabitants of the State. We know
that in all the old States—and I believe it is no less
true in regard to the new States that have since
been admitted into the Union—each State has its
own mode of procedure, from the commencement
of a civil suit down to the enforcement of the col-
! lection of the amount of judgment, peculiar to it-
' self.
In one Statfc it is a very light matter to conduct
a suit according to the rules of court and to the
laws of the State prescribing the form of proced-
! ure, and but very little in the nature of practice
' is to be done; in another State the law prescribes
a series of steps, a mode of procedure, before you
can collect the simplest debt, every one of which
must be followed in the progress of the suit.
Again, in some States there are courts of equity;
in others there are none, and equitable powers are
exercised by courts of law. In some of these
States there are proceedings peculiar to courts of
equity, as, for instance, the examination of wit-
nesses are not in open court, but are held before an
officer, at his chambers, and all the various pro-
ceedings of the courts differ entirely from the pro-
ceeding's m other States. Now, what I object to
in this bill is, that no notice has been taken of these
institutions, of these modes of procedure m judi-
cial matters, institutions, and modes differing en-
tirely in their character, and still in themain coeval
with the very settlement of our States. A hori-
zontal fee bill is here attempted to be established to
graduate the pay of every man by one general rule.
Mr. MEADE. I mustreally interrupt the gen-
tleman from New York, for the purpose of resum-
ing the floor.
Mr. SEYMOUR. I owe an apology to the
gentleman from Virginia for having occupied so
much of his time. I should not have occupied a
moment of it if this bill had been m committee,
the place where measures of so much importance
and detail are usually discussed. But as it is in a
situation where the previous question may be
sprung upon us at any time, X felt called upon to
address a few remarks to the House.
Mr. MEADE. The gentleman will have to
owe me two apologies if he goes on any longer.
[A laugh.'J
Mr. SEYMOUR. I have an amendment, which
I wish to offer at the proper time, to this bill.
The SPEAKER. Is it an amendment to the
first amendment proposed by the committee?
Mr. SEYMOUR.- I believe it is. It is to the
first part of the bill.
Mr. MEADE. I cannot yield to the 'gentle-
man any longer.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois. Will the gen-
tleman from Virginia yield me the floor for one
moment?
Mr. MEADE. I do not know for what object
the gentleman desires it. If it is to make a short
speech like that of thegentleman from New York,
I cannot yield.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I desire only to make a
suggestion.
Mr MEADE. Well, I will yield for that pur-
pose for a moment.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I rise merely for the pur-
pose of making a suggestion to the gentleman
from Virginia and to the House. ' I am satisfied
that this bill is imperfect, and that it is the opinion
of the House generally that it should be amended.
It is a very important bill, and I would suggest
that, by unanimous consent, it be leferred to the
Committee of the Whole on the stateof the Union,
and be made the special order for one or two days,
for the purpose of perfecting it, and of bringing-
to bear upon it' the experience of all the States of
this Union.
Now, with regard to my own State, I consider
that portion of the bill which relates to the fees of
attorneys, a premium for bringing suits in the
United States courts, suing defendants out of their
jurisdiction, taking them two or three hundred
miles, and then taxing them with twenty dollars of
fees, contraiyto the whole policy of our State
laws. I hope, therefore, that the suggestion I
have thrown out will be concurred in, otherwise
I for one shall be compelled to vote against this
bill if I have no opportunity of offering the amend-
ments which I desire to offer to it.
Mr. MEADE. I presume there is not a prac-
ticing attorney in this House who does not feel
that a general bill of this kind is a most difficult
one to prepare. Every man at all conversant
with the practice of the courts must feel that the
very best mode for the preparation of this bill
would be a committee of three lawyers, well ac-
quanted with the practice of the courts, quietly
assembled around a board, and giving their minds
exclusively to the various minutiae that come up
for consideration. A bill of this sort cannot be
wisely framed by a House of Representatives con-
sisting of two hundred and thirty-three members,
of all occupations and employments, some ac-
quainted with the business and others entirely
ignorant of it. I had rather take a bill, without
looking into a single provision of it, framed by-
three lawyers acquainted with the practice of the
courts, than one framed by this House after six
months' deliberation; and there is not a lawyer in
this House who will not subscribe to the opinion
which I now express. It is not pretended by the
Committee on the Judiciary that the bill which
they have reported here is perfect. It will not be
pretended that that committee, or any other com-
mittee, could possibly make a bill that would be
perfect. The only way in which a proper and
fair bill is to be constructed is, by first consulting
and being controlled by past experience, and then
watch its mode of operation; and as each difficulty
may arise, and as each defect in the bill may be
discovered, apply a legislative remedy to that par-
ticular defect.
The gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Bowie]
seemed to have worked himself into a rage yester-
day, because of the sweeping attack upon the courts
