1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1253
" That the best practical relative power of engines to ton-
nage for ocean steamers is one nominal horse power to
every thiee tons of tonnage custom-house measurement."
And this is the precise ratio of power used in
the Collins steam-ships.
Commodore Perry, in his letter to the Hon.
John Y. Mason, Secretary of the Navy, dated
January 30, 1849, says:
" In accordance with my instructions from the Depart-
ment, I have carefully examined the vessels (Atlantic and
Pacific) at present under construction and equipment, and
in comparing them with the precise stipulations, f find some
few deviations. The contract of E. K. Collins and his
associates is in piogress of completion. Two ships (the
Atlantic and Pacific) are nearly ready, or quite ready, for
launching, and their engines and boilers are sufficiently ad-
vanced for commencing the work of putting them on board.
As the contract with Mr. Collin* does not lefer to any par-
ticular vessel as a guide for a model or manner of construc-
tion of his ships, he has availed himself of the bestmatenal
at command, and of his well-known judgment and experi-
ence m ship-building, and m producing two very superior
sea steamers."
Commodore Perry says, according to the state-
ment of Captain Wtlliam Skiddy, '' that the ships
are better fastened than they were contracted for,"
and adds:
"The several contracts provide that all the«e steamers
shallT)e so constiueied as to be easily convened into war-
steamers, should the Government exercise the rjghtof taking
them into their public service.
" Steamers are more easily armed than sail vessels, inas-
much as they have greater space oi\ deck tor pivot guns,
possessing, as they do, greater facilities of motion, and
consequent choice of position, and very little time Would
be required in arming and equipping them for war service."
Commodore Perry concludes this official state-
ment as follows:
" The undertaking is one of great magnitude for individ-
ual enterprise, and of momentous ehaiuetei to the commer-
cial interests of the country—an undertaking alike eiedit-
ablejo the liberal views of the Government and the public
spirit of the contractors, and leflectmg honor and credit
upon both contracting parties.
"They (the steam-ships) will all have the merit of pos-
sessing the great essentials of capacity, buoyancy, and
fieetness, and capability of cariymg effective armaments;
and if taken for their estimated worth at the time of the
transfer, the Government will be the gainer, at a period of
emergent want for such vessels."
Captain William Skiddy writes to u Commo-
dore Perry, general superintending agent for the
United States ocean mail steamers," on the 21st
of January, 1849, as follows:
t( I have received your communication of the 18th inst.,
requesting information i expecting the con.^tru* tion and
equipment of the United Slates mail steamers built and
building in this port (New Yo>-k) under my inspection.
"j>Ir. E. K. Collins's specifications and agieements with
the Government call lor much less than has been executed,
such as iron diagonal framing only one way; whereas they
are double, crossing each other at right angleG, and well
bolted to timbers and riveted together; also the filling in
amidships ha* been extended the whole length of the slups,
with many other additions.
"These ships have great buoyancy, flat broad floors ex-
tended well forward and aft, with sharp ends, and arc con
sidered beautiful models. They have spacious deck room,
and could carry guns of the largest caliber on the gun or
middle deck.
"These ships can all, in caseof emergency, be conveited
into fast war steanieis. They would by lawherpceived by
appraisement on their original cost and their efficiency as
to strength and materials, the necessary alteration inclu-
ded, would cost the Government much less—perhaps one
half of the amount required to build or purchase for the
occasion.
" In case of a war, these are the only ships of sufficient
strength and size m the United States that could be con-
verted into war steamers."
Commodore Perry, April 9, 1850, writes to the
Hon. W. B. Preston, Secretary of the Navy,
thus:
"The models of the ocean mail steamers, built under
the lecerit act of Congress, whether for the Navy or mall
service, may be eonsuieied as excellent.
"Expenence has t hown that the best general propor-
tions for a war steamer, with side-wheels, are six times the
breadth for the length, and two-thirds the breadth for the
depth. [By a singular coincidence, this is the exact size
of the Collins steamships.]
"The liiijbebt probable speed that can with known ma-
chineiy he given to commeicial <teamersof 1,500 tons, and
cariying fourteen days' fuel,and embracing an aggregate of
voyages across the Atlantic, peihaps ten and a half knots
per hour has born the average.
" The aggregate of voyages acioss the Atlantic by the
Collins steam-ships show that twelve knots per hour has
been the average.
"The mail steamers of Hovvland & Aspinwall, and «f
E. K. Collins,esq., can be easily converted into war steam-
ers. ,
"These vessels, with little strengthening of the decks,
can be made to earrv each a few guns of heavy caliber, and
may be rendered useful to convoy, and in the transportation
of troops, &c. The use of steain-ships m our future naval
operations must inevitably change in a great degree the art
of naval war."
Captain "William Skiddy, on the 18th of Feb-
ruary, 1852, writes to the Honorable William A.
Graham, Secretary of the Navy, thus:
il I herewith acknowledge your communication of the
10th instant to Commodore M. C. Perry and myself, relative
to the United States mail steamers built under conti act with
the Navy Department, and others carrying the mails of the
United States.
"These ships (Atlantic, Pacific, Baltic, and Arctic) are
not suitable for immediate war purpose^, but can be made
efficient in four or six weeks, and the cost of these altera-
tions would not exceed for each ship $15,00G or .^20,000.
They would then be relieved of about one hundred and
fifty tons weight, or nearly double the weight of guns and
carriages, and would then have less resistance to water and
wind, adding in increase to their already great speed."
The Hon. Wm. A. Graham, the present Secre-
tary of the Navy, on the 20th of March, 1852,
writes to the Hon. Wm. R. King, President of
the Senate, in reply to a resolution for informa-
tion in relation to contracts for the transportation
of the mailbysteam-ships between New York and
California, on the Atlantic and Pacific oceans, as
follows :
"It isre.spectfully^uggcsted that a limited number of them,
(steamships, 1 employed in time of peace in the transporta-
tions of the mails, would be found a most useful resource of
the Government on the breaking: out of war.
"In conformity to the standards required by these con
tracts, then readiness to be used at the shortest notice,
their capacity as transports tor goods and munitions ot war,
and their great celerity ol motion, enabling them to over-
haul merchantmen, and at the same time escape ciuisers,
would render them ienible as guerrillas- of the ocean, if fitted
with such armaments as could be readily put upon them in
their present condition."
But, sir, what are the properties necessary for
a war steamer > Speed is undoubtedly one. In
point of speed what other sea-going steamers
equal those of the Collins line? None, sir; none.
They have beat the world, and they stand con-
fessed without a rival on the ocean. The want of
speed, therefore, cannot be among the supposed
delinquencies of these ships. Great strength is
another necessary property. Well, sir, I hazard
nothing in saying the strength of no ship m the
American Navy has been so severely tested as the
strength of these steamers. In gales of wind,
when sailing vessels are lying to, and merely
breasting the force of the waves, these ships are
urging their way ahead with the mighty force of
their powerful engines, perhaps at the rate of some
eight or ten miles per hour, and thus increasing
the resistance, and consequent strain, to at least
twofold, compared with the sailing vessel. Yet.
in this war of the elements, they have never suf-
fered.
Again, Mr. President, consider the enormous
power of the engines by which these steamers are
propelled. Each of these engines is of the calcu-
lated power of fifteen hundred horses, operating
directly on the ship itself, as the fulcrum of the
mighty lever by which she is driven through the
waves. Every stroke of the piston is felt, sir,
from stem to stern—from plank-shear to keel—in
every plank, in every timber, and in every fibre.
Why, sir, one of these engines exerts a power
sufficient to propel a ball of the weight of fifteen
hundred pounds, with a velocity of thirty-three
thousand feet per minute-—a body which, taking
the velocity into the account, would demolish the
largest vessel that ever floated. The recoil of ten
of the largest batteries in the world would not ex*
ercise so much strain on one of these steamers as
does the power of her enormous engines. And
yet, sir, with the buffeting of the waves, in gales
and storms—with the exertion of all this propelling
power—these gigantic ships, like the ocean rock
amidst the waves, have withstood, unscathed and
unshaken, some of the most terrible storms that
agitate the Atlantic. Sir, what more perfect test
can be given of strength, solidity, and sea-worthi-
ness than has been applied to these noble ships ?
For myself, I can conceive of none.
But, sir, the honorable Senator now takes up
another position. He says that propellers are
superior to side-wheel steamers for war purposes.
In this statement I perfectly agree with him,
taking it as a general rule. But, sir, propellers
would not answer the purpose of our Government
for mail steamers. Their speed is not such as the
times require. Under the Government direction,
therefore, these steamers were equipped with side-
wheels; and without which, however much they
may take from their value and efficiency for war
purposes, they would not have been available for
the mail service. With the British or Cunard line
the case is the same. However, sir, the honor-
able Senator admits that we require some side-
wheel steamers; and, sir, it fortunately happens
that in the Collins line we have some—rthat is, we
have four side-wheel steamers, the best in the
world. The honorable Senator, however, regrets
that the Navy and the mercantile marine should'
be united at all. Sir, the honorable Senator's
regrets come too late: As far as these steamers
are concerned, it has already been done* and, in
doing it we have but copied the example of the
greatest naval power in the world; and 1 am far
from apprehensive that any evil will result from
the act.
Mr. President, it does appear to me that not'only
pride of country, but also our mercantile interests
demand that this line of steamers should not be
left to an untoward fate without at least one more *
effort of this Government to prevent such a result.
Sir, the war of 1812 cost this country §300,000,000.
And for what was that war waged and prosecuted
on our part? It was, sir, to procure our rights
and promote our commercial interests on the ocean,
and to cause them to be respected. The great
object Was gained: and, sir, as an American cit-
izen, I thank Heaven that my cpuntry has never
succumbed to a foreign Power. Her flag still
waves in all its glory, and is respected by every
civilized nation on earth. Nor would I strikeour
flag of commerce. It has achieved a most import-
ant, though peaceful victory; and I will not give
my vote to have it furled or struck to any foreign
rival. But, sir, such must be the case should we
refuse the aid contemplated in this amendment;
and we must suffer tne mortification of descend-
ing in the scale of commercial enterprise, and, for
the >vant of some trifling pecuniary sacrifice, con-
senting to become second, when we were and
might have remained first.
Sir, the superiority of our immense fleet of sail-
ing vessels is already established. Foreign* na-
tions, with all their apparent superioradvantages,
have been unable to cope with us in this species#
of naval architecture. Our ships traverse every
sea and unfurl our flag in every port in the world-,
and, wherever they appear, command the admi-
ration of all observers. In this, our favorite and
unequaled line of ocean steamers, we have also
the evidence that we can excel, young as we are
in this modern enterprise, all the rest of the world
even in navigating the ocean by means of steam.
To deprive us of this cause of triumph., and to
prevent us from reaping its fruits, it is that those -
concerned in the British line have conspired to
drive the ships of our American line from its route.
This effected, and yon suffer the spirit of enter-
prise concerned in the business to be crushed ;-and
it will be a long time before it can again be aroused
to action. On the other hand, encourage and sus-
tain it, and but a few years will h^ve elapsed ere
we shall have a fleet of steam-ships traversing the
ocean in every direction, giving much greater fa-
cilities to commerce than it ever yet enjoyed, and
greatly facilitating our communication with .all
parts of the world. Besides this, sir, our supe-
riority in this matter being fully established, and
universally known, as it will be, what is to pre-
vent us from obtaining a large share of that lucra-
tive business, now monopolized by Great Britain,
of building steam-ships for other nations which
lack the skill to build them for themselves ? This
would be extremely beneficial to our merchants
and mechanics, and in fact to all classes in the
community.
Mr. President, the increase of our steam-marine
would also make heavy draughts on our immense
coal fields. From Ohio,from Indiana, from Ken-
tucky, from Virginia, from Pennsylvania, and
wherever coal is found, it may be transported to
all our sea-ports, from Portland to New Orleans,
and at every port it would meet with a ready sale.
If all these interests are of any importance in our
view, let us unite to promote them by lending a
helping hand to the company which solicits it,
and whose noble ships, I trust, are destined to
become the nucleus of a numerous fleet, all equally
excellent.
Mr. President, I cannot permit myself to close
these remarks without paying a well-merited com-
pliment to the gentlemanly proprietors of the cele-
brated Collins line of steamers, equaled by none
that float on the bosom of the ocean. Sir, these
gentlemen certainly deserve well of their country.
With a degree of munificence seldom equaled they
have expended their money without*-stint on an
object truly national,and by the result jhaveplacedi
