1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
trouble in demonstrating that the Government of
the United States is to be the gainer by these
grants, still it is said that the States also are to be
gainers. Gentlemen do not seem to be able to
comprehend how it is that two parties can make
a contract by which both parties will be benefited.
Why, sir, it is only upon that principle that the
world is benefited by the exchange of different
productions. The whole system of exchangeand
of commerce is predicated upon the principle that
the exchange is beneficial to both parties. If one
party must necessarily be cheated whilethe other
is benefited, it would do away with all trade and
commerce at once. It is true, that while these
grants are beneficial to the United States by en-
hancing the public domain and bringing a larger
amount of money into the Treasury, they do at
the same time immensely benefit the States to
which they are made. Is it any objection, that
while the General Government promotes its inter-
est, it thereby confers peculiar benefits upon the
new States We do receive advantages—peculiar
advantages—which the balance of the Union do
not participate in to the same extent. But is that
a valid ground of objection? The same objection
would apply to the millions expended at Norfolk
and Old Point Comfort—to all large public works
—to the navy-yards and fortifications throughout
the country—wherever the public money is ex-
pended for public uses. These fortifications and
navy-yards are constructed for the public benefit.
Yet the immediate localities of these vast woiks
and expenditures derive a peculiar benefit which
is not common to the other portions of the coun-
try. Is it any argument against the establish-
ment of a navy-yard, that it confers a local benefit
in addition to the public interests which were the
objects of its establishment ? The same argument
may be urged against all custom-houses and pub-
lic buildings which have been erected for national
IIU WUilUlligO IViriW. A.U..W      ,
purposes m different parts of the country, and [
even against the location of the capital of the ;
Union here. Would it be a sound argument for
the remote and border States to say that, because
the national capital is located upon the banks of
the Potomac, where millions of money are annu-
ally spent and squandered, and because the peo-
ple all around are receiving peculiar advantages
which do not extend to the Pacific, or even to the
valley of the Mississippi, nor to the great lakes
or the St. Lawrence, the capital must be removed
for no other reason than that its location neces- |
sarily confers local and peculiar advantages upon a !
few in its immediate vicinity which cannot be par- !
ticipftted in by all portions of the Union? Or will j
you pull down your public buildings and destroy
all the public works which have been erected for
great national uses, upon the same leveling princi-
ple? It is impossible to construct public works
for purely national objects without producing local
benefits. ,
So it is with these grants of land in benaif oi
railroads. The national pecuniary benefit results
from the speedy sale of these lands at a price which
could not otherwise be obtained. The States re-
ceiving the grants, not only participate equally m
this national advantage with their sister States, but
In addition derive a peculiar and special benefit,
as a consideration for making the roads which
produce all the advantages, both national and local.
It is on this principle that the trieiids of this policy
justify and defend it. We are firmly convinced,
that if there were no local benefits resulting from
the passage of these bills—if their merits depend-
ed solely upon the fact, that they enhanced the
value of the public domain and increased the rev-
enue, we would have no difficulty in defending
''Tfeel at liberty to speak more fteely on this sub-
ject now, for the reason that my State has no
lono-er any peculiar or special interest in this sys- ;
tem° Illinois has been well served; she asks no
move. If vou make any more grants to Illinois
for railroads, you will do it on the application of ,
delegations from other States, for the purpose o> ,
connecting the great line of roads to the east and the
west of us, and not as a special favor to Illinois.
I claim, therefore, to be entirely disinterested in
my advocacy of this bill. No delegation can be
more unbiased by local and selfish interests. We
have seen the practical workings of the system,
and desire to see it extended^ to other States, be- ,
cause we approve of its application to our otv n. ,
We wish to repay the Federal Government the ,
service she has tendered us, as well as herself, by
extending'the system to Iowa, Missouri, and Ar-
kansas, and every other State, where the same
principles and reasons will apply.
Mr.. DAWSON. I would ask the Senator a
question. How much has Illinois been provided
for? How many acres of the public lands has she
received ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. The grant last year, accord-
ing to my recollection, although the precise amount
has not been ascertained, because the lands are not
definitely located, amount to about two and a half
millions of acres 111 round numbers. That is the
whole grant. I will remark, therefore, that Illi-
nois lias been benefited to that extent. The Sen-
ator from Georgia wishes it to be understood, that
because we have got two and a half millions of
acres of the public lands, and thus have been ben-
efited; therefore, the Government has been cheat-
ed to that extent. I have shown the argument to
be unsound. We admit that we have been bene-
fited; but that does not prove that the Government
has been cheated. We prove that the Government
has been benefited by the same operation. I would
like to see him answer that position, instead of le-
peating the objection that one party must have
been the looser, merely because the other was the
gainer.
In regard to this policy, I would say that 1 do
not wish to carry it to any extravagant extent. I
only wish to apply it where we can show that it
comes fairly within the principle which 1 have so
oiten stated. But gentlemen say we must have
a general system; and the Senator from Georgia
[Mr. Dawson] wants a system to reach his State.
If he complains of this being partial, and wants |
one that will apply to Georgia, 1 will make him a
proposition. WVwill extend the same principle
precisely, hi li&c verba, of this bill to Georgia,
and enact that all the lands belonging to the Gov-
ernment of the United States within fitteen miles ol
all the lines of the Georgia railroad are hereby
granted to the State of Georgia.
Mr. DAWSON." if the Senator will then allow
me to introduce a bill like the one he did yester-
day, that where there are no lands belonging to
the United States on our railroads, we may go
into all the public lands and locate, I will accept
the proposition.
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 will adhere to my proposi-
tion, and give him the benefit ol the bill to which
he refers. The bill which we passed yesterday
granted lands to the State of Illinois m lieu of
those which you had taken from the folate after
having pieviously gianted them in aid of the con-
struction of a canal which we have completed at |
a cost of nine millions of dollars. Whenever you !
will show that the United States owned lands m
Georgia, which they granted to the State, and af-
terwards took possession of and sold a part of
them for the benefit of the United States, we will
pass an act of Congress to make up the deficiency
from lands elsewhere, according to the bill of yes-
terday.
Mr. DAWSON. Very well. .
Mr. DOUGLAS. Therefore I think the Sena-
tor from Georgia and myself will come to an
amicable adjustment of the question. The tact is,
the Senator from Georgia, and gentlemen from
ot^er States where there are no public lands, tor-
get that they once had a proprietary to the us# of
every acre of the lands within the limits of their
respective States. We do not complain of that.
It was their legal right, and we were willing that
they should appropriate all the lands within their
hnuts. But after having thus appropriated to
their own use all the lands within their own
States, we do not deem it generous in them to de-
prive us of this pittance to the new States, when
we can show that they are not injured by the act
which benefits us. When we bring forward a bill
which benefits us at the same time that it promotes
the public interests, the Senator desires a fair
division by extending it to Georgia. How can
the principle be applied to Georgia, or any other
State where there are no public lands ? How will
the Senator contrive to double the value of anil the
price of the alternate sections so as to make value
of the remaining half equal to the whole, if you
donate lands in the distant Territories to make
railroads in the State of Georgia? Will the Sena-
tor explain how he will bring his case withm the
principle of this bill ? The moment you apply the
provisions of the bill to a State where there are
no public lands, you abandon the'principle' which
sustains and justifies this bill.
When the Senator from Georgia desires tojsecure
lands to his own State to make railroads,-wherethe
United States have no public lands to be benefited
or enhanced in value by the roads, he thereby .ad-
mits that his objections to the system would be
very soon removed if his State could participate
in what he denounces as a system of plunder.-
The argument which he has submitted would be
conclusive if directed against a bill to make grants
to States where there are no public lands; but the'
argument entirely fails when applied to a bill for
Alabama or Arkansas or-Mississippi or Louisiana
or any other State where there are public lands to
be doubled in price and value by the construction
of the roads.
The system proposed by the Senator from
Georgia would apply all public lands and their
proceeds to railroads in other States, and thus cut
off entirely from the National Treasury that
source of revenue. Such a system would produce
the necessity for increased burdens and taxation
upon the people to supply the deficiency in the
revenue. That is the precise result which the ad-
vocates of this bill wish to avoid We in the
western country are opposed to any increased tax-
ation, and to any system of measures which would
produce such a necessity. We wish to husband
and enhance the value of this lajid fund, and de-
rive all the revenue from if which a wise and just
policy would bring into the Treasury. We wish
to see the public lands sold, peopled, and culti-
vated. Where a trial of twenty, thirty, or forty
years has shown that the lands will not sell, in
consequence of the distance from markets and
from timber, we wifh to make railroads through
them, and bring markets and timber into the cen-
ter of those vast prairies, and thus render them
valuable, and cause them to be sold and cultivated.
We believe this to be a wise and just policy, and
wish to see it prevail, until Congress shall consent
to donate the lands to the actual settlers.
I am sorry that 1 have been compelled to detain
the Senate so long; but I have thought it due to
the occasion, and to the part I have heretofore
acted in promoting these grants of public lands m
aid of railroads, to make this explanation of the
views and principles upon which the policy rests,
although my own State no longer has any special
interest in the system. We only wish to do to
our neighbors what has been generously done to
us, in sustaining a policy by which everybody will
be benefited and nobody injured.
Mr. CJNDERWOOD. I am a member of the
Committee on Public Lands, and have had these
railroads under consideration in connection witA
the subject generally. I have been thinking a
great deal as "to what was the proper mode of ad-
ministering this great fund, and I have come to the
conclusion that 1 would, as speedily as I could,
prepare and present, by way of amendment to
some of the railroad bills which ive have under
consideration, a proposition .to grant to the old
States of the Union so much land for the purpose
of internal improvement within their respective
States as may be necessary. If I submit a propo-
sition of that sort, as I expect to do, I intend o
make something like a distribution among- the old
States, in proportion to their federal population,
of an amount of these lands that wilt bear some
proportion to those which are granted to the new
States for railroad purposes and purposes of inter-
nal improvement. . r. tl „
1 think that this is a suitable occasion, aftei t.ie
remarks which have been madeby other gentlemen,
to bring to the attention of the Senate some con-
siderations in respect to the proper mode of admin-
istering the public lands. And first, I wish to no-
tice the proprietary idea which is advanced here
as being the-legitimate foundation upon which we
can appropriate the public lands for works of in-
ternal improvement. 1 f you will recollect the past
history of appropriations ol this sort for put poses
of internal improvement connected with the idea of
ownership on the part of the United fefates as the
proprietary of the'se lands, you will discover one
remarkable peculiarity, and that is this: T hat this
proprietary idea limits the appropriations for the
purposes of internal improvement to the v,fates
within which the lands lie, and does not allow you
to appropriate lands for internal improvements
when those improvements are situated out of the
Slate ill which the lands he. Now.sn,
