1264
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 6.
oar country ahead of ail others, m point of prac-j
tical success, with respeqt to steam navigation on
the ocean, and thus wresled the palm of victory
from the .brow of that mighty naval power which
has claimed for centuries to be the mistress of the
seas. More than this, sir: the millions they have
expended, and by-'which they have not profited
themselves, have gone to reward honest industry
find mechanical sdience and skill. They have
probably in this way done more for the working
" portion-6f the community and the cause of steam
navigation than a like number of men in the same
length of time haVe ever done b.efore in the United
States; and, whatever maybe the ultimate fate
of their enterprise, on which they have expended
so much money, they are now honored, and wilt
long be remembered with honor, for their noble
work_a Work that has opened a new era in the
history of steam navigation, the effects of which
will be seen and felt for generations yet unborn.
' Mr. BADGER. Mr. President, I desire to sub-
mit some'observations upon the subject of the
amendment before the Senate, and if no other
gentleman is disposed to say anything, I will sub-
mit my remarks now. My friend from Virginia
[Mr. Hunter] the other day, took occasion to
remark that he stood almost alone upon this ques-
tion—most, if not all, of those who had mingled
in the debate having taken part in suppovt of the
pending." amendment. But my friend trom Vir-
ginia should have'remembered, that if in number
he is but 6ne, in force he is a host. _ He stands
amongst vis like Achilles upon the plains of Proy,
driving whole battalions before him, and requiring
the concentrated energies of a mighty army to ar-
rest his advance. Therefore, he must not be sur-
prised if, when he opposes, many of us should
think it necessary that we should support—well
knowing that such is the weight and f.ure of his
reasoning, the influence of his position, the keen
and &kiliful dexterity of his logic, by which he is
able always to " make the worse appear the better i
reason," it is absolutely necessary that we should
summon up all our powers to secure tnat success j
to this amendment which we believe its intrinsic i
merits require. , i
My friend from Virginia yesterday was pleased j
to say, in reference to a remark m \de by the hon- i
orable Senator from New York, [Mr. Sewakd,] j
as to the narrowing influence produced upon the
mind by occupying the position of chairman of
the Finance Committee, that, if the suggestion of
the Senator from^ew York were correct, it would
be perhaps a happy thing to place me at the head
of that committee, as such a narrowing influence
might not be amiss upon what he supposed to be
the too profuse liberality of my disposition.
Mr. President, there aie several difficulties in the
way of my occupying the distinguished position
to which the partiality of my friend would assign
me. In the first place, I du not belong to the
right side of this House to assume the direction ot
arTy committee. 1 am much better placed in the
capacity of trailing a pike under thecommand and
direction of the honorable Senator tromCaliforiiKi,
[Mr. Grwis*,] to whose committee I have been as-
signed. ^.n experiment was once made by the j
distinguished gentleman, who is now the presiding ||
officer' of this body, of placing me at the head of jj
one committee of this body, and an important :
committee it was. Me made me the chairman of !
the Committee on Enrolled Ihlls. But whuthei it ..
was that I discharged my duties in that high and
important position so badly, or neglected them so j,
much, or, as my honorable friend from Michigan jj
says, discharged them so well, and was so critical j]
and careful about the phraseology of our laws—
whatever might have been the reason, I seem to |
have lost caste and ciedit; for, at the next session, ii
I was summarily displaced from the position of ;
chief in command,and put where I was but a pri- j:
vate soldier. jj
I am byno means ambitious of assuming the po-
siuon to which my friend from Virginia would as-, ;
sign me; but he will permit me to say, that, if placing I j
me at the head of that committee would have the ;j
narrowing influence which he supposes, by equal ;j
force of reasoning, it seems to me he ought to ;!
leave the station which ho has assumed; for I jj
know of 110 gentleman in this body, or in this ji
country, with his high understanding and enlarged !i
views, who needs liberalizing more than he does in j!
regard to the public expenditures of the country jj
for great and noble objects. b
Mr. President, the question submitted for the
consideration of the Senate is, we alt admit, a
| question of high and Controlling importance. It
1 has been said in the course of this discussion, that
the contest between these two lines, has now be-
I come a national contest between-this country and
'■ Great Britain. I desire to amend that statement.
From the very moment of the institution of the
Collins line, it was a national contest. It has not
recently assumed that character.-: It has always
borne it. - The enterprise was very far, indeed,
| from being in fact, or from being regarded by the
' country, as a mere contest between two rival com-
! panies of ship-owners. It was one great, active
I contest in that mighty drama for the mastery of
j the seas—for superiority in everything that be-
I longs to strength, speed, efiective power, and suc-
cess for war and for commercial purposes, winch
I long has been, and ever must be, the mightiest
: contest between this country and Great Britain.
' After having entered upon this peaceful, and, at
the same time, most important contest, the ques-
tion presented to the American Congress now,is,
whether  'e shall dishonorably retrace our steps;
whether, when the hand is just stretched out to
seize the crown of victory, we shall voluntarily
forego all our advantages, retire from the high and
eminent position we now occupy in the eyes of all
the civilized world, and voluntarily surrender that
which to obtain and perpetuate Great Britain would
without any hesitation sacrifice a hundred times
the amount of money which is involved in the
question now before the Senate.
j We are now reduced to this position: We must
j do one of three things: we must either afford the
l aid which is now asked by this company, and
; which this amendment proposes to give it; or we
! must enforce upon it the performance of the con-
! tract entered into with this Government to the utter
l rum of its members; or we must permit this line to
' go down, and permit Great Britain to be, by the
acknowledgment of the world, first not only in
naval power, but in naval enterprise, and in na-
tional sympathy for her own glory; and to allow
her to take possession of the sea by our own vol-
untary retreat, which, in a fair conflict, the expe-
rience of three quaiters of a century has shown
she never could obtain by skill and power of her
own.
I have said that we must do one of these three
things; and is it not manifest that one of the three
must be done? Why, sir, it is proved; ltis nota
i subject of debate; it does not depend upon minute
I speculations in arithmetic; it cannot even beneces-
i sary to resort to the square-root of my friend from
Kentucky to resolve it; but it is proved by clear,
j distinct, incontrovertible, sworn testimony, that
I the running of the Collins lme, at the present rate
! df compensation, has brought, on twenty-eight
, trips, an average loss ot neuily $17,000 each trip
■ to the company. Now, it requires nothing to be
said tn show that it is impossible that the line can
be kept up and maintained upon the present rate
i of compensation, with the loss which must neces-
■ sarily be thrown upon the intelligent, enterprising,
i wealthy, and patriotic citizens by whom the line
! has been established. Gentlemen may say—the
I honorable gentleman from Virginia has said—that
1 there is not a necessity for this increase of com-
pensation. Gentlemen may say, and gentlemen
may think, that the Jme can be run, and will be
run, at the present rate of compensation; but if
•'Piitlomeii so say and so think, they are greatly
deceived. The members of this company are,now
bearing heavy drafts upon their private funds to
meet daily recurring deficiencies, so large that a
quarter of a year of them accruing upon persons of
ordinary ability would crush them, and which no
company, however able, can long sustain.
References have been made to the rate of com-
pensation or assistance afforded by the British
Government to the Canard hue; and it has been
attempted to be shown that the rate nf compensa-
tion so given is less than what is proposed to be
<*iven by tins amendment to sustain tlie Collins
nne Well, suppose it were so; do we not all
know that the expenses of maintaining a line, con-
sisting of steam-ships, depends not so much upon
the number as upou the size of the vessels em-
ployed? No doubt, my friend from Virginia is
rio-ht in saying that we could maintain a dozen
steamers and send them across the ocean, not
merely for twenty-six trips, but for fifty trips, at
far less expense than is incurred by the Collins
line, even at the present rate of compensation.
What the expenses are is to depend upon thesize
of the vessels engaged; and what is that size?
Why, there are four Collins steamers—there are
! seven Cunarders.- The aggregate tonnage of the
four Collins steamers exceeds the aggregate ton-
nage of the seven Cunarders by more than a thou-
sand tons. It is, therefore, no accurate mode of
proceeding, to ascertain what amount of expend-
iture may be needed, to calculate only according
to the number of ships and the number of trips.
You must take into connection with that the rela-
1 tive size of the vessels employed. Wiiy, sir, in
1 a few years, the wear and tear of these vessels^
1 and the outlay required for the purpose of keeping
i them afloat, will amount to an actual absorption
1 of the whole principal invested. Permit me to
add, also, that another element is to be taken into
the account, and that is, the speed with which the
I vessels traveise the ocean. The more the speed
; is increased, the greater is the injury to the ship,
the more rapidly are the works worn out, and a
larger outlay is required for the purpose of keep-
ing her in a running condition. So that it may
be very true, that if we would reduce our ships to
the size of the Cunarders; it we would drop them
i down to a screw-propeller, going at the rate of six
1 miles an hour, we might, perhaps, be able to run
the vessels, to walk them, or to let them creep, at
less money than is required to maintain these large
ships, and keep them in that state of proud supe-
! riority as to speed which now distinguishes them.
Gentlemen may speculate upon the question,
whether these ships ought to cost so much money
I in maintaining and running them; but the fact is,
they do cost it. The fact is, that the expenses ex-
ceed the receipts of the company at the rate of
I nearly $17,000 a trip. Then what is proposed by
; this amendment ? It is to add not the |,11,000, but
we propose to increase the rate of compensation
from $19,250 a trip or voyage, to $33,000, that is,
we add $13,750 to the compensation allowed for
each trip. We hope for better and brighter times.
We hope that with this addition, these enterpris-
ing and patriotic men may be enabled to make
go*od the contest and maintain their superiority.
If there he any truth in evidence—if any reliance
ran be placed upon testimony, the fact is shown
that they are losing within a fraction of $17,000
upon every trip. If, therefore, we are to support
or assist them at all, it is difficult to conceive what
i else we could do than to add between J13,000 and
i $14,000, to the present amount of compensation,
i But again, under the additional arrangement en-
i tered into by the Post Office and the Navy Depart-
! ments with these gentlemen, six additional trips
I have to be made, ill order to maintain a constant
! and equal competition through the whiter as well
i as in the spring and summer months. Then we
j must recollect that with regard to these winter
I trips, besides all the enhanced difficulties which
accompany them, they fall greatly short in the
! ordinary remuneration. The winter freights are
' small, and the winter passengers are few. So that
1 putting all these considerations together, 1 think
■ it must be evident to every gentleman, that it any
i assistance is to be afforded, that proposed in the
: amendment is by no means unreasonably large.
Gentlemen may suppose that if this assistance
is withheld, this enterprise will still be prosecuted.
Permit me to assure them that they are entirely
mistaken. So sure as the proposed amendment is
rejected, and Congress declines to give the asked
'I for, the desired aid, the very next step will be an
Ii application from these gentlemen to be relieved
!; from the ruinous contract into which they have
I entered with the Government. If we refuse this
l! aid, the other application we cannot deny. It
' would be unjust and cruelly ungenerous to deny
'! it. No question can remain but that the moment
J that application is made to Congress, it will be
i favorably considered, and prompt! y granted. lhen
j' how should we stand? Thelineisto be discontin-
ued ! Who would benefit by its discontinuance?
I' English capital, English enterprise, English lep-
I utation, and the national honor and glory of Eng-
' land. By whom is the loss to be borne? In each
; 1 and everyone of these particulars it is to be borne
|i bJMy honorable friend from Virginia said, that if
!' at a-Single stroke all these Collins steamers were
Ii sunk into the bottom of the ocean, there was no
!' doubt but that the Cunard steamers would still
^ brin°" us the mails. No doubt of that, sir. And
