am
THE , GONGRESSIOMAL GLOBE.
Jan. 22.
could "see the reason for that difference. If the
United States are to be regarded -as the proprietor
of all the public lands in those States where there
are public lands, and as proprietor it be legitimate
to -make a canal or railroad for the" purpose of en-
hancing the value of the lands situated in the:States,
why may they do that and be precluded from the
right of leaking a road leading to those States by
which the emigrants are to reach the lands t6 make
purchases ? The original appropriations, made for
the Cumberland road were justified upon the
ground that, as a proprietary of the land in, the
States of Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois, through
which it was proposed to make the Cumberland
road for the benefit of those States, it was just as
legitimate to appropriate land or money to make
the road leading to those public lands as to make
the road within the States where the lands them-
selves were situated. And you will remark, that
in the progress of events—in this age of progress
of ours—we have repudiated the old notion that it
would be proper and legitimate to appropriate
money or land to make a road leading to where
the public lands are situated, and now the doctrine
seems to be that it is only legal, under the propri-'
etary notion, to make an appropriation within the
limits of the States where the lands themselves are
situated. As a proprietary, I never could see any
reason for such a difference. But under this idea
that you can only legitimately make appropriations
in the States or Territories where the lands are
situated, you are entirely cut off from making an
appropriation to connect the railroads which run
through Alabama, Mississippi, and Louisiana, to
connect us with New Orleans and Chicago, run-
ning down to Cairo from the lakes to the mouth
of the Ohio. You cannot unite these great public
works under the proprietary idea. Why? Be-
cause there happen to oe a little point of Kentucky
and a narrow strip of Tennessee projecting down
to the Mississippi river, between the road in Illi-
nois and the road in Alabama and Mississippi.
The mind that can come to such a conclusion, and
reason upon the proprietaiy idea so as to deter-
mine that you cannot even connect works, that
under the proprietary idea you built, by running
across the little strip of land in Tennessee and
Kentucky to have them united, seems to me to be
strangely constituted. Yet this has become the
fashionable doctrine of the day.
Mr. President, the Senate knows that gentle-
men who entertain the political principles that I
do, believe that we can legitimately appropriate
either lands or money to the construction of any
work which we think of national importance.
That was once the doctrine of this country. I
hope it is not altogether exploded yet. In times
mst we did appropriate monev out of the public
Treasury for works of internal improvement. In
times past we have appropriated lands to purposes
of that sort. As a member of the Committee on
Public Lands, I have acted upon these principles,
and I intend to continue to act upon them, as I
hold them to be correct. And, sir, wherever I
perceive an object which I believe to be of national
importance, I shall vote for an appropriation of
either money of1 lands for its construction. 1 shall
do this upon no narrow policy. I shall do it upon
no sectional consideration. Rut while I intend
thus to act liberally m promoting objects fox the
improvement of the country, whether with lands
or with money taken directly from the Treasury,
I still feel that something like justice ought to be
• done to ail the States of the Union in the adminis-
tration of this gieat fund. If you will not return
to the system of distributing the money arising
from the sales of the public lands among the
States, I do not perceive that there is any other i
way by which we can obtain that justice than j
by uniting upon a proposition such as I pro- 1
pose to submit in the course of the discussion
on some of these bills, to make a distribution of
the lands themselves. I know full well that my :
friends from the new States will rise like one !
man and say that the proposition to allow Ken- |
lucky, or North Carolina, or any other of the j
old States, to become a proprietor of apart of the j
soil within their States, is most horrible. I foresee '
that just as soon as the proposition is submitted, I
there will not be a man upon this floor who repre- '
sents one of the States in which any portion of
the public lands is situated, but will rise up and
protest against the very idea of allowing any other
State to become an owner of any portion of the
r lands" in "his Stat-e. "When that shall Be done, I
shall wish those gentlemen to'point out, if they
can, the. difference between allowing a State to
Hold,land within your-territory; .and allowing an
individual to, hold it, when that individual does
not choose to settle upon and improve it.* An
individual may purchase as' much land .as he
pleases in any of the States where the public lands
are situated. He may never move upon it or im-
prove it. I know that the policy of my friend
from Wisconsin [Mr. Walker] would "be to
lighten the reins in such a manner, that this thing
should not he done in reference to individuals.
But, sir, you may, when this proposition which I
contemplate shall be submitted, require the States,
if you please, to sell within a limited time. You
have never thought proper to put individuals of
the country under any restrictions yet. But it
will be premature now to go into a lengthy argu-
ment upon propositions which are merely existing
in the imagination. My main reason in rising
was to notice some of the arguments which fell
from the Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Douglas.]
It is suggested to me that I should give way to a
motion to adjourn. I shall l6ave that to the
Senate, as I am prepared either to go on now, or
wait until tomorrow.
Mr. DAWSON. I move that the Senate ad-
journ
Mr. HALE. Before that motion is put, I wish
to make another motion.
Mr. DAWSON. I withdraw the motion, if
the Senator will renew it.
Mr. HALE. I move that when the Senate
adjourns to-day, it adjourn to meet on Monday
next.
Mr. DOWNS. I hope the motion will not be
agreed to. Friday is private bill day. We ad-
journed over last week, because we were almost
through the private bills which had been reported,
but since that time there have been several reports
made. I hope we shall sit to-morrow.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. HALE. I now move that the Senate ad-
journ.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I hope the motion will be
withdrawn for the purpose of allowing us to go
into Executive session.
The motion was withdrawn.
The PRESIDENT. The motion to go into
Executive session cannot be received until the bill
before the Senate is disposed of. /
Mr. DOUGLAS. I move that the further
consideration of it be postponed until to-morrow.
The motion was agieed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion by Mr. DOUGLAS, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of Executive busi-
ness, and after a short time spent therein, the
doors were reopened,
And the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, January 22, 1852.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Rev. Mr. Morgan.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
FOUNDATIONS OF THE CAPITOL.
Mr. McNAIR. I ask the unanimous consent
of tfie House to introduce the following resolu-
tion :
Resolved, That the committee appointed to examine into
the stability, firmness, &e., of the foundation of the exten-
sion of the Capitol, be authorized to send tor pejsons and
papers.
Mr. McN. said, it is really necessary that this
resolution should be adopted; we cannot get along
without it. I hope the House will indulge me in
its introduction and adoption.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, objected.
Mr. McNAIR. 1 wish the gentleman from
Georgia would withdraw his objection. It is
really impossible for the committee to proceed
without the power asked in the resolution.
Mr. STEPHENS. I cannot withdraw.
ASSIGNABILITY OF LAND WARRANTS.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the consideration of the joint resolution No. 1,
heretofore reported from the select committee, to
which the same was referred, with an amendment
explanatory of the act of 3850 granting; to certain
officers and soldiers bounty land, &c.; tne pending
question being on the motion submitted by the
gentleman from'Indiana,"[Mr« Dcniiam,] to com-
mit die "said joint resolution and pending amend-
ments to the Committee of th6 ' W hole House on
the state of the Union, and on which'question the
gentleman from IoVa [Mi:. Clark] Is. entitled to
the floor.
Mr. BRIGGS.. I rise to a privileged question,
CLOSE OF DEBATE ON INDEMNITY BILL.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I desire to inquire
if the resolution offered by the gentleman from
Alabama [Mr. Houston] yesterday, to close de-.
bate upon the Mexican indemnity bill, does not
come up first, as the unfinished business ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair was not present
when that resolution was offered.
Mr. HOUSTON. It was a resolution closing
debate upon the Mexican indemnity bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is not
the first business in order; but that that resolution
will come up as unfinished business after the
morning hour.
Mr. JONES. The resolution for closing de-
bate on the Mexican indemnity bill was the pend-
ing question when the House adjourned. I ask
for my own information. Suppose the morning
hour should be spent in that business, and when
it was concluded, some gentleman should move to
go into consideration of the business upon the
Speaker's table, would this resolution come up as
unfinished business? I think not.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not know of
the existence of the motion to which the gentle-
man refers, for he was not in the House at the
time of its adjournment. The Chair understands,
however, that that resolution is to close the debate
upon the Mexican indemnity bill. He desires to
inquire whether it was pentling when the House
adjourned ?
Mr, JONES. It was. The gentleman from
Alabama [Mr. Houston] introduced the resolu-
tion and moved the previous question, and pending
which the House adjourned.
The SPEAKER. Then the resolution is in
order, and comes up as unfinished business.
Mr. BRIGGS. I rise to a question of privilege.
I desire now to call up the resolution which I
offered a few days since, in reference to the legali-
ty of the seat which the Delegate from Utah [Mr.
Berniiisel] occupies upon this floor.
PROPOSITION TO CLOSE DEBATE.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would suggest to
the gentleman, that he first permit the resolution of
the gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Houston] to
be disposed of. The previous question has been
demanded upon it.
Mr. BRIGGS. I have no objection.
Mr. SWEETSER. Is it m order (o move to
lay the resolution, for closing debate, upon the
table ?
The SPEAKER. It is in order.
Mr. S WEETSER. Then I make that motion.
Mr. HOUSTON. I hope I shall be indulged
in a single remark. I desire that the House shall
understand the precise point I had in view in
making that motion. I presented the resolution
yesterday, with a view of bringing the matter be-
fore the House. I moved the previous question,
but at the same time I intimated to the House
that I did not desire to press' a vote upon it. I
said then that I would withdraw the call for the
previous question, and leave the House to deter-
mine its own time for closing the debate.
Mr. SWEETSER. I wdl withdraw the motion
to lay upon the table, with the understanding that
the debate shall go on.
Mr. HOUSTON. I withdraw the call for the
previous question. As I stated on yesterday, I do
not wish to entr«ft> any portion of the House by
that motion. I only desire that the House shall
fix upon some time.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Sweetser] withdraw his motion to lay
upon the table?
Mr. SWEETSER. No, sir; I must adhere to
it.
The question was then taken, and decided in the
negative.
So the House refused to lay the resolution upon
the table.
Mr. MEADE. I move to amend the resolution,
so as to provide that debate shall close at three
o'clock to-morrow.
