1266
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
May 6,
United States Navy Yart>, )
Philadelphia, JiprilM, loW. )
Sir: In answer to yours of the 13th, I have to state, as
chief aaval constructor, the specifications for *
Collins line of steamers were enbmitM to me, and a^-
Droved, as in accordance with the act of 3d of March, toy •
They can be converted into war-steamers to carry a bat-
tery equal to our largest steam frigates, m a short time, and
the necessary alterations to be made to receive such a bat-
tery will not exceed a cost of $20,000 each.
T km sir. with great respect, your obedient servant,
1 am, sir, wiiu Si > k , FRAMCIS GRICB.
To the Hon. Wm. M. Gwin,
JJnitei States Senate, Washington.
We have, then, the opinion of Commodore
Perry, that these vessels, in case of a general
maritime war, would be exceedingly valuable, not
merely as transports, as my friend from Virginia
seemed to suppose, but that they would be pre-
eminently valuable for war purposes, from two
considerations—first, their superiority of speed;
and secondly, their power both of attack and de-
fense. „. . . i i-
But my friend from Virginia seemed to be oi
opinion that speed was not any recommendation
to a war vessel. " What!" said he, c< do we pre-
pare our
ships with speed in order that they may
run away from an enemy?" I answer, Yes,
when there is occasion to run; and we should fur-
nish them with speed to overtake an enemy when
there is occasion to overtake him.- However dig-
nified and lofty it may sound for a gentleman to
say that he does not think it a recommendation
that one of our ships-of-war should have speed to
escape from an enemy, yet tried by its practical
application to things, every man knows that there
are occasions in the history of all bodies of men,
whether they serve by land or by sea, where
nothing is of more importance than to have speed,
in order to escape a foe whom they cannot over-
master or successfully resist. My friend from
Virginia should recollect, that the very speed
. which enables them to escape a superiority of
force, carries them also with triumphant power
and unexpected suddenness, which gives addi-
tional force to the attack upon an enemy whom it
is desirable to meet, and against whom they are
capable of successfully contending.
It seems to me, then, that in either view of the
subject, first considering these vessels as mere in-
strumentalities for the transmission of intelligence,
and maintaining our postal arrangements, we ha\e
every reason to believe" that the money which this
amendment proposes to give, in addition to their
present compensation, will be amply remunerated
to us. And, in the second place, if this were not
so, we have, what is of great importance to us,
the four largest and fleetest steamers in the world,
ready at any and at all times to be incorporated
into our warlike marine. The Senator from Vir-
ginia talks about there being six or eight weeks
required for preparing them for war purposes.
Now, they can bespeedily prepared, and atavery
small cost. What that " speed" means is very
readily shown by the extracts which were read
yesterday by the Senator from Texas, [Mr. Rusk,]
showing that, in the British service, the change of
steamers into vessels for war purposes was accom-
plished in three days, when it was desirable to
convert them into vessels-o'f-war.
But, in order to avoid any difficulty whateverin
regard to thesupposed loss which theGovernment
is ultimately to sustain, I have an amendment
which I mean to propose, if (he Senate shall adopt
the amendment now under consideration, as a pro-
viso, for transferring to the Post Office Department
the charge of this line of steamers, and sup-
posing it should result in such great loss, after a
fair experiment has been tried upon the subject,
authorizing Congress to discontinue the contract.
This, I think, will relieve the amendment of all
reasonable objections. I have no fear, myself,
that. Congress will ever be called upon to exert
such a power. On the contrary, I believe that
the longer the line exists and is maintained, the
more the hearts of the people will cluster around
it as a source of national advantage and national
pride.
There is, however, Mr. President, one other
objection, which has been sometimes urged against
this amendment. It is said that, supposing the
amendment to be proper in itself—supposing it
is proper to be adopted uponasuitable bill, and at a
suitable time, it is not a proper amendment to put
upon this bill. Upon that subject I wish to say a few
words. This is a bill to supply deficiencies in the
appropriations for the service of the present half
fiscal year. In my opinion, the amendment is in
itself proper, and suitable to this bill. It will be
recollected, that, during the recess of Congress,
the heads of the Post Office! and Navy Depart-
ments came to an arrangement or understanding
with the proprietors of the Collins line, that they
should increase the trips, from iwenty to twenty-
six per annum; that they should commence the
increased service on the first of January last, and
that they should trust to Congress affirming what
had been done, and for fixing the rate of addi-
tional compensation, if any should be given. The
subject was brought to our attention by reports
from the proper Departments. How, if Congress
think proper to give their sanction to this arrange-
ment, there is a deficiency in the appropriations
made at the last session for this half fiscal year.
I cannot conceive why this provision is not as ap-
propriate to this bill as any of the other provisions
which are contained in it. True, sir, the neces-
sity for this appropriation did not exist when the
general appropriation bill was passed; true, the
arrangement which has caused this deficiency has
been made since the close of the last session of
Congress; true, it has'arisen under a conditional
understanding and agreement, subject to the rat-
ification of Congress; but still, if we are disposed
to ratify it, we give it validity and effect from the
commencement, and thereby produce the very
deficiency which this appropriation is intended to
supply. But suppose that it is not so. forms
must yield to substance. There is a necessity
sometimes for disregarding the ordinary routine
in which business is discharged, and to accom-
plish what is necessary at the time and in the
manner in which it can alone be accomplished.
Now, if this amendment is not put here, it will be
too late. The moment it is rejected, we shall be
called upon by this company to discharge them
from the obligation of running the line which they
are now running at such ruinous sacrifices—a call
which we cannot, without great injustice and want
of generosity, resist. The consequence will be,
if this amendment is thrown out upon an idea that
it is not appropriate to the bill now pending before
the Senate, that the line will go down.
I had in my possession a few days ago (and
which, I am very sorry to say, I have lost) a let-
ter addressed to my honorable friend from New
York, [Mr. Fish,] by a very distinguished citizen
of this country, well known as oncc a member of
the other House from the State of New York—
well known for being one of the most liberal, in-'
telligent, and enterprising of American merchants
for many years. I mean Moses H. Grinneil.
He wrote a letter to my friend from New York
upon the subject of this line, and with that letter
I had proposed to support, as by authority, some
of the suggestions which I have ventured to throw
out. I have unfortunately mislaid it. In that
letter he says to my friend, it might be supposed
that the maintenance of this line would operate
injuriously upon the large packet interests in which
he is concerned. Rut he says that he wishes
him distinctly to understand that his pride as an ■
American would never permit him to suffer any j
such paltry interests of his own to stand in the
way of the maintenance of a line which was re-
flecting such distinguished honor and bringing such
distinguished advantage to the country. Besides,
he says, that even that view must be considered
to a great extent fallacious; because, if this line
were discontinued, it would do nothing for the
sailing packets, but would merely throw what is
now transported of passengers and of freight by
the Collins line entirely into the hands of the Eng-
lish steamers. He makes another remark, that
enterprising and intelligent merchants who look ;
far ahead—further, I believe, than politicians or
even statesmen, for their horizon is generally
bounded by the approaching presidential election, ^
and we are too much in the habit of controlling 1
our views and circumscribing our patriotism by j
considerations connected with the advance or de-
feat of a particular party—see in the present con-
dition of Europe symptoms of such an outbreak
there as may necessarily involve the removal, tem-
porarily at least, of the Cunard steamers from the
purposes to which tliey are now devoted; and, if
then the Collins line should go down, one of the
greatest benefits to commerce that this country or
the world has ever experienced—that of speedy,
prompt, almost instantaneous communication be-
tween Europe and this country would be entirely
destroyed. So that in any event, whatever may
be the case, he is clearly of opinion that the honor
and the interests of the country equally require
that Congress should give it such aid as is neces-
sary to enable it effectually to succeed—not doled
out with a grudging hand, but given with the spirit
of men who realize what is their duty to them-
selves and their country, and who are resolved to
discharge it.
Mr.President, I have occupied rather more tune
than 1 intended upon this subject. 1 wish to con-
clude by merely saying, that though personally I
am as far removed from any connection with, or
any immediate advantage from, the Collins line,
and all the various facilities it affords, as any other
gentleman on this floor, and perhaps as any other
gentleman in this country, yet, as an American
citizen I should deeply "regret to see that line go
down. I should regret it from a just and honest
pride in the superiority of my country re?re' 14
from an eager and anxious desire to see all her
interests developed, and to see her growing in
wealth, and in power, and in reputation. If we give
this assistance, and if, having supported this line
with all the available means in our power, we
should at last, in a fair contest, be beaten by our
English rival. I should regret that, deeply regret
it; but I should fee! that we had suffered no dis-
o-race, for he who does all he can, and is overmas-
tered, may be unfortunate, but he can nevei be
looked upon with contempt. But if we voluntarily
recede from the undertaking in which we are em-
barked—if we withhold the necessary aid—if we
say to England, "Take possession of this great
line; we retire from the contest; be you the mis-
tress of the seas in the estimation of all the world;
and let us sink into a secondary, contemptible
position"—if we should do that, I should feel that
we had not only committed a false step, had not
only lost what we might have maintained, buthad
covered" ourselves with dishonor. From that I
hope my country will ever be safe.
Mr. SHIELDS. Mr. President, I do not mean
to occupy the attention of the Senate for more
than two or three minutes, under the hope and
expectation that the vote will be taken upon this
amendment to-night. I should be sorry to say a
word which would interfere with the excellent lm-
pression which the able speech of the Senator
from North Carolina must have made upon the
Senate. I shall vote for this amendment. I shall
not go into the reasons for that vote. I wish sim-
ply to state that there is no enterprise, whether
military or civil, in which this nation has been en-
gaged in this age in which I have felt as deep an
interest aa in the enterprise which is now under
debate. There is none that has excited my admi-
ration so highly as this has. I may, perhaps, be
incompetent to judge of it, because I have regarded
it with a species of feeling that amounted to admi-
ration . I have looked upon it from the commence-
ment as a great trial—as a great contest between
American skill, American energy, and, I might
add, American perseverance, and the same quali-
ties on the other side of the ocean. When this
line was commenced, England had possession of
the oceans of the world. She had taken this new
power of steam which, in fact, is an American
power. She had recovered herself from what the
world was beginning to look upon as an expected
fall. In sailing vessels, Americans were excelling
England. She was beginning to lose her prestige.
She then seized this new and wonderful power.
She has, by means of it, seized the great lines of
the world; for at this moment England has the
great lines of trade and travel over the oceans or
the world, with the exception of this one. 1
might enumerate them. There is something re-
markable in this. She is levying contributions at
this moment, through the medium of her grea
steam lines, upon the whole globe. In the Medi-
terranean, in the Baltic, around the Cape of Good
Hope, in the East Indian seas, and m the West
Indian seas, in the Gulf of Mexico,m South Amer-
ica, and across the Pacific. All these lines are at
this moment in the hands of England. She is de-
riving a revenue from the trade, the commerce,
the business, and the correspondence of the whole
globe through the medium of this power, ihis
was the condition in which England was when
the Collins line was established. For one, 1 con-
fess I am gratified at the result. The Collins line,
so far as it has gone, has determined, as has been
