354
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 22,
~~ ' . , talr„ tilplv seats III Mr. HOUSTON. I cannot withdraw my mo-
It is, that jj tion to lay upon the table. 1 will ask of the Chair
cannot hear the gentleman fro S > l| hether ft ;s i„ order for me now to move to sus-
X see his hps  '0V . I mSh, ^aps. g^s^t , ^ ^ ^ ^ H c
his words if I CO;nw-«eej^ , ^Utee of the whoie on the state of the Union ?
■ The SPEAKER. It is not.
there are so many men standing and obstructing
my view, that IcannoUjee.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has made vigor-
Mr, PHELPS. I desire to make a suggestion
i to the gentleman from'New York. I learn that
—• -r . . ' J 1. m th a rwna fli'V:
House to aid him in the preservation of order
Order beings restored, I,
Mr GARTTER (resuming) said: All I wish |
to say is simply this: that the case presented to us j:
here is the form in which such cases are always j
presented to this body for an investigation. It
seems to be treated by gentlemen as a prejudg- i;
ment, when it is merely the initiative to the in- ;
quiry. The proposition made by the honorable !
member from INfew York [Mr. Buiggs] is to refer i
to a standing committee, constituted for the pur- .
pose of investigating and determining these ques- ,j
tions, the subject of therightof the member from j
Utah to a seat on this floor. There is nothing m jl
the resolution of the member from New "Vork ex-
i so "decided by the 6hair." The gentleman from
' New York can then, by leave of the House, with-
draw his resolution^ and introduce it hereafter at
any time he thinks proper.
Mr. HOUSTON. I hope that course may be
taMr". BRIGGS. ff I have that power, I will be
happy, with the consent of the House, to avail my-
self of it.
The SPEAKER, tn the opinion of the Chair
The question being taken upon the' motion to
reconsider, upon a division there were—ayes 80,
noes 64.
Mr. EVANS called for the yeas and naya; which
were ordered.
The question was then taken on laying the mo-
tion to reconsider upon the table, and it was decided
in theafl^mative—yeas 103,nays 7S; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Charles Allen, John Appleton, Ashe,
Averett, Thomas H. Bayly, Bartlett, BisselJ, Bocock,
BuelJ, Busby ^Thompson Campbell, Cartter, Caskie,Chiir£ll-
well, Clark, Colcoek, Daniel, Dawson, Dean, Diinmick,
Disney, Do^rtDurkee, Eastman, Edgerton, Edrnundson,
Faulkner, Frosiin, Fitch, Florence, Thomas J. D. Fuller,
Gaylord, Giddings, Green, Grey, Grow, Hall. Hamilton,
Istiam G- Harris, Halt, Hendricks, Henn, Hibbard, Ilolla-
day, Thomas Y. How, Ingersol), Ives, Jenkins, Andrew
Johnson, John Johnson, Robert W. Jolinson, Daniel T.
Jones, Preston King, Kurtz, Letehcr, Loekhart, Mace,
Maim. Humphrey Mars-hall, MeCoiklc, McDonald, McMul-
I lin, McNair, Meade, Mfltson, Molony, Morripon, Murray,
...—~ —  J ' j* Sabers, Newton, Olds, Orr. Andrew Parker, Samuel W.
the gentleman possesses that power over the res- Parker peaslee, Penn, Phelps, Polk, Price, Richardson,
ftlntTftn 11 Bobbins, Robinson, Russell, Scurry, Origen S. Sejmour,
ir fmrrpc t withdraw it Skelton, Smart, Smith, Benjamin Stanton, Frederick P.
Mr. bUlUUb. 1 tnen witnuraw Stanton Richard H. Stanton, Abraham P. Stevens,
ENROLLED BILLS. 1, stone, St. Martin, Stratton, Sweet&er, Thurston, Towns-
Mr. BARRERE, from the Committee on En- ji h«nd, Tuck, Venable, Watkins, Addison White, and Wil-
" ' " * " cox—103.
mucn m iavor us me nunuuiwic ww""", uuuiiucuia, « rtvt xj
Georgia of a deliberate and impartial investigation I' payment of interest to the State of .New Jrlamp
ofihe subject, though I do not concur with him ■- 1 1 A-—- nw
in this, that we ought to close our eyes to the
question of investigation. He says the subject
comes here without any authority even to open
an investigation. Wh y, sir, we have now lying
upon the table of this House a report from the re-
turning officers, save one, implicating the conduct
of that community; and if I recollect right, impli-
cating the conduct, or alluding to the mode of the
election of the Delegate from Utah. Are we to
disregard these intimations that there is something
wrong in Utah? If we are, sir, it occurs to me
that the country is involved in the result of letting
that people run wild in their relations to this Gov-
ernment, and at the same time claiming a control
over them. I would not prejudge this case, though
before that resolution is finally submitted to the
House, I shall be under the necessity oK adding
another inquiry to it, and that is, whether polyg-
amy is tolerated m the Territory of Utah, justi-
fied by them, and whether the honorable Dele-
fate upon this floor is liable to the suspicion that
e is a polygamist. I do not presume he is.
[A Voice. What if he is?]
Mr. CARTTER. I am inquired of, upon my
right, what if Tie is? If he is, there is one vote
upon this floor that will vote him out of this Hall.
[Laughter.] That is the answer to that question.
I wilf not consent silently to sit upon this floor
with any man who openly defies the laws of his
country as a polygamist.
Mr. FITCH, i must rail the gentleman from
Ohio to order. He is speaking of matters not now
before the House, and is indulging in a strain of
personal remarks which the rules of this House
will not warrant.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not under-
stand the gentleman as charging the gentleman
from Utah with polygamy.
Mr. CARTTER. Not at all. I was merely
supposing it might be so. If it is so, I have but
one vote to give unon this floor. We cannot close
our eyes to" the fact, that these things are whis-
pered, and more than whispered; that they come
to us under the authority of the report of the dis-
franchised officers whose duties there have been
foreclosed by violence, as they say. I do not, pro-
pose to prejudge this question, but I do propose to
lend what little energy I have in an investigation of
them., without fear, favor, or affection.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move to lay that resolution
upon the table, with the hope that it may succeed.
shire, for the advancement of money for the use
and benefit of the United States in repelling in-
vasion and suppressing insurrection at Indian
Stream," in said State; which received the signa-
ture of the Speaker.
On motion by Mr. MOLONY, it was
Ordered, That leave be granted to withdraw from the files
of the House, for the purpose ot presentation in the Senate,
the petition and papers of Orris Crosby.
GRANT OF LAND TO INDIANA AND ILLINOIS. |
Mr. MOLONY gave notice of his intention to ■
intioduce, on to-morrow, or at an early convenient j
day, a bill granting the right of way and making :
a grant of land to the States of Indiana and llli- !
nois, in aid of the construction of a railroad from I
Lafayette, Indiana, across the Grand Prairie, via j
Middleport, to La Salle, in Illinois. j
CALL FOR INFORMATION IN REGARD TO THE
MEXICAN INDEMNITY.
Mr. DISNEY. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to introduce a resolution, which I send
to the Clerk's table to be read, in order that the
information asked for may be placed before us be-
fore the expiration of the time to which debate
upon the Mexican indemnity bill has been limited.
If gentlemen want the information let them obtain
it in time.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
NAYS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Aiken, Allison, William
'■ Appleton, Barrere, Bell, Bibighaus, Bowie, Bowne, Bren-
ton, Bnggs, Brooks, Burrows, Caldwell, Lewis D. Camp-
I bell, Chandler, CHngman, Cobb, Conger, Cnllom, George
' T. Davis, Doekerv, Duncan, Dupham, Evans, Ewing,
Fowler, Henry Mi Fuller, Gentry, Gilmore, Goodenow,
i Goodrich, Harper, Haws, Hascall, Haven, Hillyer Hors-
l ford, Houston, John W. Howe, Thomas M. Howe, Hunter,
[ Jackson, James Johnson. George W. Jones, Kohns, Martin,.
Miller, Miner, Henry D. Moore, John Moore, Morehead,
Outlaw, Penniman. Porter, Rantoul, Schermerhorn, School-
craft, Schoonmaker, David L. Seymour, Alexander H.
Stephens, Strolher, Stuart, Taylor, Benjamin Thompson,
[ Walbridge, Waul, Washburn, Welsh, Wells, Alexander
( White, Williams, and Yates—73.
So the motion to reconsider was laid upon the
| table.
Mr. DISNEY. I now ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to make an alteration in the
phraseology of the resolution. I owe it m justice
to myself to say that I wrote it hastily at my desk,
and that it is not in the form I should have wished
if I had had more time to draw it up. I ask leave
so to alter the phraseology as to make the call
directly on the President. It would be more re-
spectful and proper to do so, but I can only do it
by the unanimous consent of the House.
Mr. STUART objected.
Mr. HOUSTON. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman from Ohio to make another modification,
and that is, to submit it to the discretion of the
! President whether the communication of this in-
I formation is compatible with the public interests.
I Mr. DISNEY. But I cannot make any modi-
; fieation, for there is objection.
i Mr. STUART. I will withdraw my objection
if the gentleman will strike out that part of the
Resolced, That the Secretary of State be, and he is here-
by, requested to transmit to this House copies of the notes
which requires, the Secretary of State
the Mexican indemnity,) in the months of February and „ to communicate the verbal intercourse between mm
March Jast, together with statements of any information !j aru] the Mexican Minister.
Which may have been veibailv communicated to his Ue- II M DISNEY. I intended mv alteration to em-
!' brace'the modification suggested by the gentleman
j from Alabama, [Mr. Houston,] and to insert the
1 words: "if compatible with the public interests,"
but I cannot alter the resolution if there is objec-
tion.
Mr. CARTTER. 1 have no objection to that,
provided there is no other modification.
Mr. DISNEY. I do not ask to make any other.
Mr. STUART. I will withdraw my objec-
tion.
Mr. DISNEY. Then I will so modify my res-
Several Members. Withdraw the motion. t. _ .
Mr. HOUSTON. Appeals are made to me by ji olution; which request was complied with,
members to withdraw my motion, but I cannot j' Mr. TAYLOR. I would inquire of my col-
yiekl to them. " [I league over the way, if it would not be more m
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. I wished tocall j' "  *u 
the gentleman's attention to one fact, before the mo- j
tion to lay upon the table is made. My colleague— j
the mover of this resolution, [Mr. Briggs]—had j
expressed a desire, if debate arose, that the matter :
might he over until another day. And I think it
is due to him, as well as the Delegate from the Ter-
ritory of Utah, that it should, after what has oc-
curred. I ask that it may, by universal consent,
be passed by at present.
here, and a settlement of the terms upon winch it was will-
ing to receiveit.
The question being put, the resolution was
adopted.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Georgia. I rise to a priv-
ileged question. I move to reconsider the vote just
now taken upon the adoption of the resolution sub-
mitted by thegentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Disney.]
I do it because it proposes to call for the verbal
conversation which took place between the Mexi-       ^
can Minister and our Secretary of State. I think ;; olution as to make the call directly upon the Presi-
that it is improperto call upon the Departmentfor j! dent, and to insert the words " if compatible with
verbal communications made in casual conversa- ! the public interests."
tions.
Mr. SWEETSER.
upon the table.
Mr. BROOKS called for the reading of the res-
I move to lay that motion
Mr. JOHNSON,M Georgia, objected to the
modification.
ASSIGNABILITY OF LAND WARRANTS.
The SPEAKER stated that the first business in
I order was the report of the select committee on
, the bounty land till, and that the gentleman from
i conformity with the usage of the House to address !| Iowa [Mr. Clark] was entitled to the floor,
the resolution to the President of the United! Mr. CLARK Perhaps it J"™ ^
States—that he be requested to communicate the M but justice, had I stated yesterday that the ^en-
inibrrnation, if not incompatible with the public i' lleman from Indiana, [Mr.,D7Xh\7k ~ot
• tpvpete ? " I1 the substitute to this bill, declared that it was not
wiKSS™1rtssrr a
Th, SPEAKER. Do,, th. t.<—
Ohio withdraw his motion. ntnsauon, uiey suuuiu y
Mr. SWEETSER. I do not, li House. I have bat -very little to say upon that
