1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1267
already stated, the superiority of the American
line over any other in the world.
I am not going to make a speech, but I will say
that to build up a great line, to place it in compe-
tition with a line long established by Great Britain,
to see that line eminently successful, aftd then to
permit it to fail is to me a most extraordinary
policy. How shall we stand when this line goes
down? Will it not be an abdication, as it were,
of the whole ocean navigation, so far as this country
is concerned ? "Where will you have a line to com-
pete with England, when you pemit this line to go
down r Where have you a line that can live upon
the ocean, but this? Not one. And do you expect,
sir, as was stated by the honorable Senator from
Virginia, that after you shall have allowed this
line to go down, which furnishes four of the best
steamers in the globe, you can reestablish lines
to enter into competition with the old established
lines of Great Britain ?
The honorable Senator from Virginia, has made
one statement in which I cannot concur. He says
he wants to see the Navy and the commercial ma-
rine separated. That is 11 o.t the problem, permit
me to tell him, which steam is working out. On the
contrary, so far as we have yet gone, steam is
working out a new problem—and that is, that you
can have an efficient Navy, which will add to the
•wealth and prosperity and business of your coun-
try, m time of peace, while it is waiting for per-
haps fifty years, burning coal and exhibiting her-
self, for no earthly purpose but merely to be ready
for the contingency of war.
Sir, I see at this moment, that in the East Indies
the English have converted their whole commer-
cial steam marine into an efficient Navy, for the
purpose of aiding in the Burmese war. Yet there
as not in that whole region, one vessel which is
comparable to any one of the Collins line. The
report from there to England is, that these vessels,
•when they have been thus converted into naval
steamers, are likely to be as effective as any vessels
now in the English service.
Mr. President, I will merely add this: If we let
this line go down now, after the immense expense
that has been incurred in its establishment; if we
let it be abandoned, I will venture to predict, that
so long as the Government of Great Britain aids
the people of Great Britain, both united, in sus-
taining their line, the free competition of which
the gentleman from Virginia speaks, and which is
right in principle, can never be seen. While the
competition was between the American people and
the English people, the American people were suc-
cessful; but when the English Government and the
English people, united with the immense capital
of their country, have devoted the whole energies
of that nation to the building up and monopolizing
the steam power of the world, it is idle to talk
about American citizens entering into competition
with them. It is out of the question. You will
have to bring home your lines, and confine your-
selves to your own inland trade, and to your in-
terior commerce; but never again, in my humble
opinion, if you abandon this line, can you enter
into competition with Great Britain on the ocean,
so far as steam navigation is concerned. Her Gov-
ernment, and her people,and her capital, all unite
in sustaining her lines. England has never made
such an effort as she is now making to build up
a steam commercial Navy. She has recovered the
dominion of the ocean by it within a few years.
In the face of all this, if you let this line go down,
and risk it to private competition at the present
time, you will never again find four such steamers
as the Collins steamers plying the Atlantic, at
least in our day.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Mr. President, I
do not intend to trespass upon the Senate with any
speech upon this subject. I simply desire to state
a difficulty I have in giving my vote for this prop-
osition, with the hope that some of its friends may
be able to remove it. I am as anxious, I think,
to sustain this line as any gentleman who is in
favor of this amendment; and I confess that the
sentiments uttered by the gentleman from North
Carolina weigh very largely with me. The pa-
triotic view that he has taken of it, the nationality
of the question, has affected my mind. I repeat,
I am as anxious to sustain this line, I think, as
any Senator upon this floor; but with the impres-
sions that I have, and with my convictions of
duty to the whole country, I am not prepared to
give my vote for this amendment as it is. One
difficulty that operates very much to bring my
mind to that conclusion is this, and I have sought
in vain thus far from the advocates of this propo-
sition to get an explanation which was satisfactory
to my mind. We are paying the Collins line above
$19,000 per trip. The English Government is
paying the Cunard line, according to the state-
ment of the gentleman from Virginia, $14,000 a
trip. The Senator from Texas yesterday said that
there was an error in the estimate of the gentle-
man from Virginia, and that the Cunard line were
receiving <£175,000 per annum. Taking that cal-
culation, then, I find that the Cunarders are re-
ceiving between $16,000 and $17,000 per trip. We
are paying the Collins line $19,000 a trip; and
this proposition is to extend it from $19,000 to
$33,000 a trip. Taking, therefore, the largest
estimate which has been made by the friends of
this measure for the Cunard line, to wit: the
<£175,000 per annum—it makes between $16,000
and §17,000 per trip that the Cunarders are receiv-
ing. We are asked now to give the Collins line
$33,000 per trip. I confess there is a vast differ-
ence between these two propositions, and I cannot
for the life of me see how it is possible that our
vessels cannot run for less than $33,000 per trip,
when the Cunarders run for §16,000 per trip.
} know the argument which has been made by
the Senator from Rhode Island, [Mr. James,] and
reaffirmed by the Senator from North Carolina,
[Mr. Badger.] It is this: That the difference is
to be found in the magnitude of the vessel—in the
size of the vessel, and the increased cost of run-
ning a "large vessel over a small one. They argue
from that that there is the difference, and that we
are justified in making the additional compensa-
tion from $19,000 to £33,000 a trip. Now, 1
think there is some mistake about this. I do not
profess to have the slightest knowledge upon the
subject of navigation; but I do profess to have a
little common sense about machinery, and to know
that there cannot be that difference between the
running of a large vessel and a small vessel, which
gentlemen seem to assume. It takes no greater
number of officers to command a large vessel than
a small vessel. The only difference between run-
ning a large vessel and a small vessel, is the
amount of the consumption of fuel, and the addi-
tional number of hands necessary to supply that
fuel. The same captain—the same officers—the
same engineers—the same pilots—all are identi-
cally the same in a small vessel as in a large one,
and therefore there cannot be the difference that is
claimed. How will the account then stand ? The
Cunarders average a little less than two thousand
tons per vessel. The Collins vessels are three
thousand tons a ship. The Cunarders then receive
§8,000 per ton. For two thousand tons burden
they receive $1G,000 a tiip. Our vessels are three
thousand tons; and if we give them §8,000 for
each ton, it would amount to $24,000 a trip, and
this is the maximum to which gentlemen can
carry it by their own arguments and their own
estimates. Assuming their ground to be true, that
just in proportion as a vessel increases in magni-
tude and tonnage, in the same ratio you must in-
crease the expenditure for running her, and you
cannot get above the sum of $24,000 per trip.
That is my difficulty. If gentlemen can remove
it, I am as ready to vote for the proposition as
they are.
I should regard it as a national misfortune if
this enterprise should fail. I think our pride is
enlisted in it. As an American citizen, 1 am will-
ing to sustain it as far as 1 can, consistently with
my convictions of justice to the parties interested,
and to the whole country. But if we are to go on
increasing the compensation from §19,000 to
$33,000 per trip, in my humble opinion, humili-
ating as it may be, it is better for us to abandon it
at once. If this will not sustain them, where
shall we find means to sustain them? If this line
requires this enormous extension of patronage
from the Government, every other line under the
patronage of the Government is justly entitled to
a like extent. Where is this thing to end ?
If gentlemen can satisfy me as to this difference
between the two lines, and show me that there is
justice or equity in allowing the sum proposed in
the amendment, and that it will work no evil to
all the parties interested, I am ready to go for it.
But with the lights now before me, I shall be re-
luctantly compelled to vote against the amend-
ment, unless it can be altered in somoproper form.
I am willing to vote a large and liberal allowance.
I am "willing to" carry it up to perfect and full
equality with the Cunarders. 1 am willing to go
somewhat beyond that; but when you ask me to
vote $33,000'per trip, I am not prepared to stand
it just now.
Mr. BADGER. I intimated a short time ago,
that [ had an amendment which I should propose,
if the Senate should adopt this provision for the
increase of compensation. I have been requested
by some of my friends to read it, in order that the
Senate may understand what it is. It is this:
Proinded, That the contract for the transportation of said
mails be, and hereby it-, transferred from the Navy to the
Post Office Department; find the Postmaster General is
hereby required to contract with said steam-ship company,
to carry said mail in" their present steamers, at the rates
aforesaid, payable out of the Treasury, tor the unexpired
term of the onginal contract; reserving, nevertheless, to
Congress, the jight to direct the Postmaster Genera! to put
an end to the contract at any tune after the first day of De-
cember, 1854, upongiving six months' notice thereof to said
company.
Mr. HALE. I want to ask the honorable Sen-
ator from North Carolina, who proposes the
amendment, whether he contemplates the aban-
donment of the clause permitting these vessels to
be used contingently for war purposes?
Mr. BADGER. It contemplates giving to Con-
gress the power of putting an end to the contract
on such terms as it pleases.
Mr. HALE. I think the Senator from North
Carolina floes not understand me. Does he, by
this amendment, look to abandoning the idea that
these vessels are to be converted into war steam-
ers, whenever they may be wanted as such ?
The PRESIDENT. The paper which the hon-
orable Senator from North Carolina has read, is
not an amendment properly before the Senate. It
is only one which he intenas to offer.
Mr. BADGER. I would say, in explanation,
that I do not propose anything about it. I,pro-
pose to reserve to Congress the right, after that
time, to put an end to the contract. Jf the con-
tract is put an end to, I suppose that terminates it.
Mr. HALE. My idea was, that by turning
over this matter to the Postmaster Generals De-
partment instead of the Secretary of the Navy, we
might lose the war feature.
Mr. BADGER. 'Not at all.
Mr. PRATT. I want to ask my friend from
Texas, or the Senator from North Carolina, two
questions, if they can answer them. I wish to
know what is the cost of the English steamers;,
and then 1 would like to know the cost of the
American steamers? I wish to know the relative
original cost of the Collins and Cunard steamers?
Mr. BADGER. I understand that the English
vessels cost about two-thirds what the American
vessels cost.
Mr. HCJNTER. Does the Senator mean the
whole of the vessels ?
Mr. BADGER. Each vessel.
Mr. PRATT. My object in making the in-
quiry was to suggest to the honorable Senator
from Tennessee, whether that fact does not fur-
nish an answer to the argument which he makes.
His argument is, that the English Government are
paying {>8,000 per ton ; and that if you make the
same payment to the American vessels, it would
make §24,000 instead of §33,000 per trip. He
asked whether any gentleman could show him
why there should be a reason for the increased
payment to the American vessels according to the
tonnage? and that if it could be shown, his mind
would be relieved from all difficulty and he would
go with those who support this amendment. Now,
in the first place, if one vessel costs a million of
dollars, and another costs five hundred thousand
dollars, the insurance upon the vessels which cost
a million would of course be double the insurance
upon the other; and the cost of repairs,the damage or
deterioration by the use of the vessel would be, of
course, in proportion to its original cost. Then, the
interest on the money invested in a vessel costing
a million of dollars, would be double the interest
on a vessel which only cost five hundred thousand
dollars. Therefore, according to my humblejudg-
ment, the reason which the Senator from Tennes-
see assigned for the difficulty which prevailed "with
him is certainly answered, if, in his own mind,
he will only run over these considerations.
Mr. JOKES, of Tennessee. Mr. President, I
am much obliged to the Senator from Maryland
for his kind effort to enlighten me on this subject;
but ! am 3orry that I do iiot psr^eivq it. No-"
