1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
855
branch of the subject in addition to what I have
already said. I commend the motive;? of the gen-
tleman in admitting the claims which I have urged.
But I believe that unless compensation shall be
provided by this bill, it will never be made at all—
that will be the result. Whence the necessity of
converting the two Houses of Congress into two
great auditors' offices, to settle and adjust claims
which can be better settled and adjusted at the
proper auditor's office?
When I concluded my remarks on yesterday, I
was considering the argument of the'gentleman
from New Hampshire, [Mr. Tuck,] in which he
was deprecating speculations in the public lands,
and urging Congress to such a course as should
cut them short. I can assure that gentleman I
am as much opposed to speculations of that kind
as ire possibly can be ; but we differ in the mode
by which the object is to be accomplished. I have
said that there was but little speculation in public
lands in that part of the country from which I
come. But let us take the gentleman's hypothe-
sis, and grant, for the sake of the argument, that
there will be speculation in these lands, and that,
too, by means of land warrants. Now, the fact
must not be lost sight of, that the location of war-
rants, as the law now stands, is confined to lands
which were in market at the time the law restrict-
ing their location was passed. Another fact, also,
must be borne in mind, that settlers must have
lands, and they will secure them by means of war-
rants also; because they can be had materially
cheaper in that way. Now, is not the conclu-
sion a necessary one, that the speculator and the
settler will be thrown together in their appropria-
tions? In other words, speculators will hold large
bodies of land in the midst of the cultivators of
the soil, keeping it from the hand of improvement,
and thus preventing progress in the advantages of
society, school's, and those various and cherished
institutions which can be had only by those who
live in the association of neighborhood. This
condition of things brings the cultivators of the
soil and speculators together with adverse and
prejudicial interests; it is the interest of the settler
that the lands around him should be settled and
cultivated; it is the interest of thespeculator to retain
his lands until time and the improvements around
him—improvements which he did not make—shall
give them an enhanced value. If, therefore, as is
insisted, there must be speculators m the public
lands, it is clear to my mind, that it would be best
to open to them the whole domain, which would
prevent them from crowding in upon settlements
already made, to the injury of the growth of those
settlements. Liberty to the speculators to go far
distant for their locations would work as a kind of
safety-valve to sections and neighborhoods already
considerably advanced in improvement.
Again: if it be true that the public domain must
be cursed with the blight of speculation, how
would it be removed by confining the location of
warrants to restricted limits > Let it be remem-
bered that the thousands of immigrants who seek
homes in the far distant States and Territories of
the West must not only have lands, but they must
have them as cheap as they can be bought; they
will, therefore, provide themselves with warrants,
and take their lands within the limits prescribed,
even though they should be compelled to take land
of secondary value, because they have not the
ability to purchase with cash. To this course they
are driven by the law of necessity. Now, what
is the consequence? Precisely this: the cultiva-
tors of the soil are withdrawn from the most eligi-
ble portions of the Government lands, and they
are left entirely open to speculators, to absorb them
with their cash capital, without restraint or com-
petition; and as they could select the best lands,
their inducements to appropriate them with cash,
would be even greater than to embark into specu-
lations with warrants, when they would be com-
pelled to encounter an active and progressive com-
petition; so that, view the subject in eithei light,
ft will be impossible to cut short speculation by
the restriction of warrants to limits less than the
whole area of public lands in market. These re-
marks are not designed to remove any intrinsic
difficulty, as I understand the subject. I do not
believe there is speculation enough m the public
lands to cause alarm, or to call for anyiemeaial
measures of legislation. The gentleman fiom New
Hampshire contends that the true policy is to con-
fine the location of warrants to certain narrow
bounds, in order to prevent speculation. I have
merely endeavored to show that the direct tenden-
cy of such a course would be in aid of speculation.
Sir, the way to prevent speculation, in case there
was danger on that subject, is to throw the doors
wide open, and let the immigrant and the settler go
with the speculator, without hindrance or clogs,
and the one will see that the other shall do little
or no harm.
Another objection which the gentleman from
New Hampshire raised to the adoption of that
section in the substitute which provides for the
creation of a new class of warrants, was found in
the act of 1847, pledging the proceeds of the sales
of the public lands to the payment of the loan of
$23,000,000, created by that act; and this objec-
tion was made to apply as well against that sec-
tion which permits the location of warrants on all
lands in market, as to that which provides for tiie
issuance of new warrants. Is the gentleman aware
of the length to which that argument would carry
him ? It would repeal, by implication, all the ex-
isting acts for educational purposes, and purposes
of internal improvement, so far as they are to work
prospectively. If it be true that that act is a mort-
gage of all the public lands, what becomes of your
sixteenth sections—your grants of seventy-two
sectionsto endow a university in each State, which,
if not given by a standing law, is almost equally
as effectually done by precedent of long standing?
What becomes of that provision of law by which
five hundred thousand acres are to be given to each
State upon its admission into the family of States,
for purposes of internal improvement > According
to the argument, the mortgage would cover and
destroy all these munificent donations for the most
praiseworthy purposes. And, moreover, would the
gentleman contend that the act of pledge covered
all the Mexican territory which has been acquired
since its passage? And yet this is the legitimate
result to which his argument leads. I do not by
any means suppose it would be a violation of the
spirit of that act to appropriate a limited portion of
the public lands to advantageous and worthy pur-
poses, if by such a course you do not materially
affect the security intended by the act itself. Now,
the income of cash sales for the year 1850 was
more than §1,800,000. and in 1851 it was more
than $2,000,000, independent of lands taken up
with warrants—a sum sufficient to discharge the
whole debt ill eleven or twelve years, independent
of interest; and yet the funded portion of that loan
has twenty years fiom the date of the act to run.
It is admitted that the argument would be good
against a system which should propose a sweep-
ing disposition of the public domain, or the greater
part of it.
These views constitute about all I have to say
upon the subject. I cannot see why the Govern-
ment should have two standards of value of the
public lands—one cash value, and one scrip value.
I was not a little surprised at the views of the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Bissell] upon this
part of the subject. He contended for the restric-
tion clause, and yet he was pleased to inform the
House, that lie was in favor of a pending bill
which proposes to give lands gratuitously to actual
settlers. Now, it seems to me, that this was a
manifest contradiction and injury. It proposes to
give those who had performed no service for their
country, as the soldier had; who had given no
consideration, as the assignee of the soldier had
done, when he purchased his warrant,—a far more
advantageous position, when it suffered them to
take tlie°fhttest of the land, while it confined the
soldier and those who purchased of him to lands
of secondary character, and finally to the leanest
picking. It seems to me that this is sheer injustice.
Besides, it is a system of restriction, without
merit, and odious. It confines a large class of the
most meritorious men, by reason of uncontrollable
necessity, to narrow limits and compulsory choice.
It seems to me that this is not only failing to
make progress, according to the prevailing spirit
of improvement and liberality—that it is not even
holding to the advantages of a stationary position
 that°in the language of a great man, it is " tread-
ing some steps backward"—that it is ill principle
an attempt to galvanize the old policy winch was
attempted to be fastened upon the country forty
years fi°"0—and. I believe it is the fedeiftl policy,
too—of requiring; a given township to be sold clean
out, before another should be accessible. I be-
lieve the sun went back upon the dial Ahaz tan
years, but the gentleman had made his go back
nearly half a century.
Perhaps it will be said that those who have ne-
cessity for land have the same means for acquiring
it aside from warrants that they had before. Xnd
so they have. It may be said that settlers in new
i countries have flourished under the system which
1 has heretofore prevailed, and what is to prevent
| their prosperity now? Sir, it is in American char-
; acter to flourish, no matter what may be the su-
perincumbent load of difficulties upon it. The
virtues inherent in that charter, the indomitable ■
energy and will, and the far-feaching enterprise of
our people, warrant it. 'But does that constitute
a reason why you should surround them with dif-
ficulties; or, ill other words, fail to remove them
when it can be so cheaply and so jiistly done? I
know that thousands go to the new lands of .the
West, who, when they have reached their destina-
tion, have not a dollar with which to purchase a
plank to cover their heads from the storm, or pur-
chase a bushel of meal for the subsistence of their
families. They are compelled to go upon credit,
If they have any, and if not, they are forced to
labor one day for their neighbors to procure these
things, and the next for themselves. To this class
fifty or a hundred dollars was no insignificant
sum. This class you can materially benefit by
giving them the largest liberty in the location of
warrants; and I maintain they ought to have it.
I do not see for what reason you should have a
double system—a cash val e and a warrant value
for lands. Is it worthy the liberality and the high
character of the Government ? Is it dealing equi-
tably by all? It is not, in my opinion. Throw
i the doors, then, wide open, and let all who go
upon the public lands select such as they please,
with whatever will purchase those lands. Then
will you confer a boon which will be effectual—
which shall be blessed and blessing.
[A message was here received from the Senate,
by the hands of Asbury Dickins, their Secre-
tary, announcing that they had passed the follow-
ing bills, ,viz:
An act ifMrit'iul the time for selecting lands granted to
the State ofWisconsin for saline purposes ;
An act for tlie relief of the widow; and lelations of cer-
tain officers and seamen of the brig Washington, who were
iost ovciboard in the hurricane;
An act to authoiize the State of Illinois to select the res-
idue of the lands tn which she is entitled under the act of
the 2d of March, 1827, granting lands to aid that State in
opening a canal to conncct the waters of tile Illinois river
with those of Lake Michigan ; and
j An an act to admit the heimaphrodite brig Sylphide to
! registry.]
j Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. Believing, as I
i do, that the passage of this bill will be rendered
! more certain, and be facilitated by its reference to
' the Committee of the Whole on the slate of the
' Union, I have arisen, not for the purpose of par-
I dcipating in the debate which has sprung up upon
the various features in this hill, but with the view
of moving the previous question on the motion
pending to refer. Before 1 make that motion,
however, I will ask the unanimous consent of the
fjouse for I believe it cannot be done but by
such consent—that this bill be made the special
order of the day in the Committee of the Whole
House for Monday next.
A Voice. Monday week.
Mr. HARRIS. It is suggested that Monday
next is not a proper day. I will say on Tuesday
next, and from day to day until it is disposed of.
Mr. TUCK. I object.
Mr. MEADE. If the gentleman from Tennes-
; see wi 11 allow me.
! Mr. HARRIS- Certainly, if the gentleman
i wishes to explain.
i Mr. MEADE. I desire to inform the gentle-
! man from Tennessee, that there i«t a bill from the
i Senate containing provisions similar to those in
i this, and which, from a slight glance, appears to
I me to be preferable to this." I think, therefore, it
! would be wise m us to bring on the consideration
I of the two bills together, and that when the busi-
[ ness on the Speaker's table is taken up that we
I refer that bill to the Committee of the Whole, to-
1 "-ether with the one now pending, so as to con-
i mder them both together, and then choose the one
! that seems to be best.
r The SPEAKER. It can be done only by
! unanimous consent. _
Mr. MEADE. I ask the unanimous consent'
I of the House; and if it be granted the House can
refer both bills together.
