1852.
THE ' CONGRESSIONAL' GLOBE.
*'X
§57
and power of the States independent. We are
independent of every power upon the face of the
earth except one. It is this moneyed power,
which has come up here and stands now in your
House of Representatives, and says you shall not
impede, by needless discussion, the passage of a
bill by which they can plunder your Treasury.
We should be independent of that moneyed power.
How can we be independent of it? Why, sir, it
is very simple. We can do our own business.
The financial operations of this country can be con-
ducted without the aid of foreign capitalists. We
have the wealth ourselves; we have the talent our-
selves; we have the financial knowledge ourselves.
Let us connect that talent—that financial knowl-
edge with the government of the country, and
not rely upon foreign aid—upon foreign mon-
eyed powers for any operation. Now, in rela-
tion to this simple transaction. It is alleged that
it is necessary to pay this money to Mexico;
that there should be an agent appointed, and that
agent should be the moneyed power of Great Brit-
ain—that which is connected with the perpetuity
of the monarchies of Europe. It is alleged that this
Eower should be our agent to transact the simplest
usiness transaction in the world. This moneyed
power invariably attempts to throw a cloud of
mystery around its operations. In connection
with this payment there should be no mystery. It
is the simplest business transaction under heaven,
and there is no need of employing an agent, and
that agent a moneyed power, not responsible to
the Government. We can do the business our-
selves. We want no agent, other than him who
is appointed by this Congress.
But, sir, there is another view of this question.
It is said, and I believe said truly, that the Mexican
Government does not require this money to be paid
in the city of Mexico. By the treaty, we are bound
to pay the money in the city of Mexico, and m the
gold and silver coin of Mexico, and nothing else.
Under the strict letter of the treaty, we have no
right to pay it in anything except m the gold and
silver coin of Mexico, and in the city of Mexico.
But it is said that Mexico does not want it there.
As a simple financial transaction, profitable to
themselves, and without any loss to us, of course
they did not want it there. Now, the question is,
can it be paid elsewhere? I hold it is perfectly
immaterial, as far as this Government is con-
cerned , where the money is paid—in what it is
paid—provided we obtain an acquittance in full
from the Government of Mexico. How did the
agents of this Government, appointed by the
Secretary of State, pay the money in Mexico?
Why, they sent an agent to Mexico for the pur-
pose of raising the required funds, in the language
of their letter. That gentleman proceeded to
Mexico, remained there nine months, drew his
bills of exchange upon England, France, and the
United States, and upon those bills of exchange
paid the entire $3,500,000, with the exception
of §300,000, which he borrowed upon bills to
be negotiated afterwards. Now, is it not plain
that this payment was not made in the city of
Mexico, and that it was not made according to
the terms of the contract, in gold and silver com,
but was made in bills of exchange drawnagainst
the fund, which they did not take, and which they
were enabled to meet by advances made to them
contrary to the law by the officers of this^ Gov-
ernment. They did advance over one million of
money, and that, too, when the Mexican Gov-
ernment bad not presented one single acquittance.
Now, I charge here, there having been a change
already made in the terms of this treaty, it is not
necessary, as alleged by the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Bayly,] that the strict letter of the
treaty should be kept, and the agent required to
pay the money in the city of Mexico, and in the
gold and silver coin of Mexico. It can be paid
here. The treaty has already been "Violated in its
strict letter—the money has not been paid as re-
quired by the strict letter of the treaty, but it has
been paid in bills of exchange; which these agents,
in violation of good faith, took advantage of the
necessities of the Government, and made usurious
rates of interest upon. What do the agents of
this Government say? They say the result of
these exchange operations, with all the attendant
risks, was a profit of about one per cent, upon
the amount, and that the contractors made no
other profit except the loaning to the Government
of Mexico money of their own. That money of
theirown, was moneyadvanced by the Government
of the United States, and loaned out to the mer-
chants arid Government of Mexico, at exorbitant
rates of interest. Well, they intimate that the
money was loaned out at the legal rate of interest.
But mind the phraseology—it accords with tlie
fact that money was-loane'd out at the then cur-
rent rates of interest in Mexico, and the current
rates were fixed by the wants and necessities of
the Mexican Government, and such rates were
known to be from fifteen to twenty-four per cent.
They made no loans at the legal rate of interest,
but they made them at the current rates of inter-
est, and. they were fixed and established by them-
selves.
Now, I come more immediately to the discus-
sion of the bill itself, and as to what shall be the
action of Congress in relation to it. It is known
that we have money to pay to Mexico. Shall
we appoint as agent for us in this matter, a for-
eign moneyed power, which is every day seeking
to corrupt, undermine, and control our legislation;
or shall we appoint our own agents under the
authority of law, responsible to ourselves, to
transact and carry out this simple business trans-
action. That is one view of the case. For my
part, I would attach to this bill an amendment,
that the money should be paid by agents respon- j
sible to the Government. We have those agents '
already appointed—the financial agents of the Gov- j
ernment. If we have no one appointed, we can
appoint one. Another proposition is, that we |
should permit the Mexican Government to do the ,
simplest business act in the world, that is, draw ]
upon us themselves, accompanying their drafts !
with acquittances and full discharges of the Uni-
ted States fiom their liability under the treaty, and
we could then pay these drafts out of the Treas-
ury or accept them hereafter for payment. Is
there anv objection to this course? The honora-
ble gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Bayly] inti-
mates there is, because we cannot change the
treaty. The treaty requires that the money should
be paid in the city of Mexico, in the gold and sil-
ver com of Mexico, blow have the previous pay-
ments been made? Has not the treaty already
been violated ? Has not the Mexican Government
itself violated the treaty, and our own Government
violated the letter of the treaty? If it be ncessarv
to carry out this three million transaction through
the medium of an agency; if it be deemed inex-
pedient to appoint a Government agent, or allow
one of the officers of the Government under our
own control—responsible to us—to make the pay-
ment: if it be deemed inexpedient or improper,
or not in conformity with the strict letter of the
treaty, that the drafts shall be drawn by the Gov-
ernment of Mexico upon our Treasuiy accom-
panied by the acquittances—I say, if these thing3
be deemed impolitic or unnecessary, let us do
another act of justice to ourselves, that is, if agents
be absolutely necessary, employ our own people,
our own money, and our own financial men. Do
not let us connect ourselves with the Government
of Great Britain, or those who are its agents. Do
not let us connect ourselves with those who are
every day seeking to breakdown our national enter-
prises. Why, how is it? We have claims before
us here of those connected with most important
national enterprises, in which they charge that the
moneyed power of Great Britain, the Government
of Great Britain, into which the Barings & Bro-
thers are so closely interested, are seeking to break
down our lines of steamers, simply because they
are the best on the face of the earth. And here we
are sustaining by our legislation an attempt to
make money out of our own people, by which
they can break down our national enterprises.
Now, sir, if we have to encourage anybody—if
we are bound to add to the wealth of any man,
let him be one of our own men. Let those men
connected with these lines of steamers transport j
the money to Mexico. If there be any money to j
be made, let them make it, and let us not have to ■
make an extra allowance to them for the losses j
which they sustain by the corrupting power of j
this money of Great Britain, which is breaking j
down, as I said before, our national enterprise. j
I must confess, viewing this question in all the i
lights in which it can be viewed, that I was much ;
surprised at the action of the Committee of Ways ,
and Means upon this matter. Why should that j
committee, in view of all these facts, and in view j
of the rumors which are afloat in c6nnection with \
Corcoran & Riggs, Baring- & Brothers, and these
other fund-mongers, hurry the action of this Con-
gress? And I regret exceedingly that the proposi-
tion has been sustained to cut off the debate upon
this question. We need light upon every moneyed
transaction. There is nothing connected with, the
finances of our country that does not require in-
vestigation; and, before we act upon this bill, let
us investigate and ascertain who it is that makes
contracts and transacts the financial business of
the country with these banking-houses, by which
they are making immense sums of money out of
us. Let us see if these contracts be made ac-
cording to law, or in violation of law. If they
are dishonorable to us, and dishonorable to those
by whom they are made, let us know it, and let
the American people know it. They have a right
to know it; and it is our duty, as their representa-
tives, to call for, and persist in calling for, every
species of information which can give any light as
regards these moneyed transactions. I, for one, am
from this day forth for a war to the knife upon any
act by which these banking-houses of Baring,
Brothers & Co., Corcoran & Riggs, Howland &.
Aspinwall, or any other banking-house shall have
any connection, in any shape, with the action of
this Government, It is not necessary. It is iri
violation of law—it is in violation of the principles
of our Government that we should have moneyed
institutions connected with us, attempting to con-
trol us, dictating to us, and yet not responsible to
us.
Mr. GREY, (interrupting.) With the permis-
sion of the gentleman from Ohio, I desire to make
a brief personal explanation in relation to a mat-
ter which was brought up when this hill was un-
der discussion yesterday. The charge was then
made against a gentleman of my acquaintance, for
whom I have the highest respect, that he had, in
his official capacity as charge d'affaires of this
Government in Mexico, been guilty of embezzle-
ment. I do not quote the precise words which
were used, because 1 do not remember them, but
it was said that many men had been sent to- the
penitentiary for offences less in violation of the
laws of the country and the laws of morality.
When that charge was made, I read a letter iu
explanation of the conduct of that gentleman.
The honorable member from Virginia [Mr. Bay-
ly] who made the charge, made it with the high-
est authority that he could possibly give to it.
He made it from his place upon this floor, and at
the outset of his remarks he stated to the House
the positions that he had occupied m his own State,
and the manner in which he had been indorsed
hy the Legislature and people of that State, in
order, I presume, to give force and weight to the
charges which he was about to make. This
House and the nation understood, and*will under-
stand from that speech, that Mr. Benf. E. Green,
when he was charge to the Mexican (jrovernment,
was guilty of collecting the sum of $275,000 as
agent of the Government of the United States,
for which he has never accounted to that Govern-
ment.
Nov/, sir, theexecutive documents of theTwea-
ty-eighth Congress prove this fact, that Mr. Green
was not the agent to receive that money, bpt that
he was authorised to continue the agents who had
been appointed by General Thompson, who was
his predecessor. Green was Secretary of Legation
to "VVaddy Thompson, theMinistertoMexico,and
after Thompson left, he was continued there as
charge d'affaires. He was instructed to make
Hargous & Co. the agents of this Government
to collect this money, and transmit it to the United
States. He did so, and Hargous & Co. gave re-
ceipts for drafts, which drafts have not been paid.
I will show, by letters of Waddy Thompson him-
self to this Government, that he appointed Har-
gous & Co., and this man Voss, who was a mem-
ber—and a prominent and influential member too
—of the firm. General Thompson, in his dis-
patches to this Government, says that he is
greatly indebted to Mr. Voss, the member of the
firm who resided in the city of Mexico, for his
power and influence, not only in inducing- the
Mexican Government to pay the money, but also
in enabling them to pay it. .* <
I shall read from some of these documents, and
1 have no doubt that the gentleman from Virginia
will, when he hears them read,' withdraw .hw
charges, because I think hie recollection ia^reatly
in fault. The gentleman se'emed to be under.the
