2184
THE -CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 7,
Ihis C&nsu.s Board,do not know exactly whatthey
themselves are at. If they ask me .to vote against
eoimrraing the appropriations for the production
and publication of the census by ample and proper
• means, and for the payment of the Board, Super-
intendent, and all, if they are necessary to that
work, I can say to them f shall not do kwitb my
vote. • I voted for the taking of that census with
the view of collecting the informatkm which was
 cwgbt by it. I shall vote for the publication of
that information; and this talk about publishing
books, or our want of authority to do ity will not
intimidate me frota doing it. I have heard it said
throughout 'the different stages of the discussion
upon the subject of the census, that the facts were
not reliable. This was the talk at the time the
census was ordered. They are the most relsaiMe
statistics, ill my judgment, that you can procure,
and they are procured under higher sanctions of
truth than any other class of statistical inform-
ation that/you can obtain. That information has
been obtained, and it wants publication; and this
talk, coming in just before the expiration of the
labors of that board, appears to me totally unwise
and wholly out of season, 1 hope the amendment
will not be agreed to.
Mr. F1CKLIN. Thegentleman says that th ese
abors are about to close. Whcss, in the name ©f
common sense, will they close ?
Mr. CARTTER. When the work is done.
[Laughter.]
The question was then taken on Mr. Yek-
able's amendment, and it was not agreed to.
The following clause of the bill was then read:
" Forrunning and marking the boundary Hne between
itie United Stales and Mexico, under sbe trealy of Guada-
lupe Hidalgo, {$120,000."
Mr. DUNHAM. I offer the following amend-
ment to that claxiser
For arrearage'? incurred during the fiscal year ending the
30th of June, 1852, for running and marking the boundary
line between the United Stales andMejieo, under the treaty
of Guadalupe Hidalgo, $25,000.
I will make a brief explanation of this amend-
ment, and before doing so, I ask that a letter from
the Secretary of the Interior may be read.
The letter was read by the Clerk, as follows;
Dki'ahtmknt of the Intfrior, >
Wa9HIn«ton, Jiugust G, 1852. )
Sir : In reply to your letter of the 3d instant, I have the
honor to state the enuotmtof claims, charges, or accounts
properly chargeable to the appropnatfon for running ami
mat king the boundary hne between the United States and
Mexico, under the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo, which are
now on file in this Department, or of which I have any
knowledge at present, is about $2o,000.
I am, sir, with mtrch respect, your obedient servant,
ATjEX. H. H. STUART, Secretary.
Hon. Geokgf S. tcotrston,
Chairman Committee Ways and Means, H. R,
In the deficiency bill which passed a few weeks
since, an appropriation was made which was
thought to be sufficient to cover the expenses of the
past year in runmng-that boundary hne. It proves
to be inadequate. There are claims already filed m
the Department equal to the amount which is pro-
posed by this amendment, $25,000. In this bill we
have an appropriation for the current year. The
Committee of Ways and Means reduced this
amount as much as they thought it was safe to do
for the expenses of the current year. It is there-
fore necessary, in the opinion of the committee, in
order to pay these claims which are already due
against the Government, that this amendment
should be adopted.
The question was then taken on Mr. Dunham's
amendment, and it was agreed to.
Mr. "WOODWARD. I offer the following
amendment:
Provided, That the boundary line between the two Re-
publics, westward from the Uro Grande, shall be the one
designated bv the decree of the Mexican Congress, organ-
ising the 8ta"te of Chihuahua and the Department of New
Mexico, and establishing the coterminous boundary be-
tween the same: that is to say, the line shall run due west
from the village ot A'aso del Norte, leaving tlie said village
and Us proper jurisdiction to the State ol Chihnahua of the
Mexican Republic.
Mr. CLEVELAND. Is that amendment in
order?
The CHAIRMAN. In the opinion of the
Chair the amendment is in order. Propositions
similar to this were entertained upon the deficiency
bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. When the question of
order was made at that time, the amendment was
from the Senate,
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has ruled the
amendment of the gentleman from South Carolina
[Mr. Wo oi>wAiii)| Lo be in order.
Mr- WOODWARD. Mr. Chairauu>*I waj
disinclined to embrace this ocea&ion for introdu-
cing the matter contained in.my amendment. But
no other occasion is likely to present itself,, and I
think it quite out of the question that so important
a matter as the settlement of our boundary with
Mexico should be conducted at the discretion of a
single branch of the Government, when it is knows*
that the policy of that Department is leading to
a result contrary to what has been. expected by
the whole countryf and, as I maintainr directly
repugnant, to the unequivocal language of our
treaty with Mexico. It wouM be vam, however,
in the few moments allowed me, to attempt an
argument which it wouid take hours to do full
justice- to; and I shall be compelled to fimit my-
self to two or three points which he at the bottom
of the question.
The grand error of the commissioners appoint-
ed to <s mark" and " designate" the line consists
in their supposing that the map of Disturnell,
named in the treaty,, is-the-sole object of reference
for the determination of the southern boundary of
New Mexico. A greater mistake than this could
not be committed. The material and ultimate ref-
erence is to the " various acts of the Congress"
of Mexico, organizing the Department of New
Mexico and the State of Chihuahua, and defining
their boundaries by means of material marks on
the earth's surface. The map of Disturnell is re-
ferred to as having been constructed in conformity
with the new geographical arrangement under
those acts or decrees. These decrees are older
than the map of Disturnell, They made no refer-
ence to this map, or any map, but the map was
constructed with reference to them, and aimed to
give the latitude and longitude of points and lines
already established by thedecrees, and established
with no reference to latitude or longitude. Dis-
turnell, contemplating the coterminous boundary
of Chihuahua and New Mexico, it being the
northern boundary of the former and the south-
ern boundary of the latter, predicates of it that
it is of a certain latitude, and the false predicate of
the geographer is adopted by your commissioners
a3 a substitute for the line itself. For a period of
time anterior to the making of the map, this line,
authoritatively described and established, had ex-
isted and been conformed to as the jurisdictional
boundary between Chihuahua and New Mexico;
and it was never imagined in Mexico that the
false predicate of a geographer eould shift the line.
! The whole period of the existence of the line as
' an ascertained and recognized boundary extended
from 1824 to the date of the treaty, a period of
about twenty-four years. During this whole pe-
riod it was never supposed that the relative rights
of Chihuahua and New Mexico depended upon
the correctness of the astronomic demarkations of
Disturnell,made after the rights had vested, Dis-
turnell adopted the longitudes and latitudes of
Mehsh's map, always suspected to be inexact,
and shown to be so by Fremont five years before
the treaty. Errors of longitude were found to be
gross.
If at any time previous to our conquest a dis-
pute had arisen between Chihuahua and New
Mexico as to the true position of this line, a prop-
osition to settle the dispute by a reference to the
astronomic determinations of Disturnell's map
would have been scouted and hooted at. And yet
what were then the rights of New Mexico relative
to Chihuahua are now the rights of the United
States relative to the Mexican Republic. I affirm
that the elements which would have determined
such a dispute between Chihuahua and New Mex-
ico are identically those which should now deter-
mine the relative rights of the United States and
Mexico.
If gentlemen will but bear in mind that the de-
crees of the Mexican Congress designating and
establishing this boundary are older than the map
of Disturnell, and that they make no reference to
any maps whatever, or to astronomic indications,
but wholly to visible marks on the earth, or to
topographical conditions; and if they will remem-
ber also, that the map of Disturnell aimed to con-
form to those decrees, and was, in fact, guided by
them, making, however, an erroneous astronomic
predicate as to the earth-line prescribed by the de-
crees, it seems tome that the whole truth of the case
must flash upon their minds with resistless force.
I deny that the treaty refers to the map, except
by way of referring to the decrees in conformity
with which the map was constructed. But it may be
asked, why refer to a map at all? I answer,that
when one nation transfers a domain to another, it
is not unusual to make reference td some map, ther
best to be had, just as when an individualeonveys?
a parcel of"land reference is had to a plat. Bui
all are agreed as to the proper use and eilect of a
plat in a question of boun-dary, Material marks,
whether natural or artificial, control course and
distance. Now, course,, by means of a coBjmss,
am! distance, by means of a ehain, can be reduced
to mathematical precision; and if natural marks?
can control two Indications, each capable of such
mathematical precision,, how much more should
they be admitted to control the result of astro-
nomic observations for determining the relation
between the center of the sun and a spot on the?
earth *s surface* the two'points being more thara
ninety-six millions of miles apart? But in our
treaty with Mexico there was a very special rea-
son which made it indispensable to refer to a map.,
j and this I shall proceed to explain.
; It is a great mistake to assume that there is any
j contradiction between the map of Melish and that
I of Disturnell, and that the different demarkations
j set down by them indicate uncertainty as to the
I division of the country. There was uncertainty
I in some particulars,, but the difference between
i Melish and Disturnell does "not illustrate it. Two
systems o-f geography have existed in Mexico.
I One prevailed while it was subject to the Spanish
I monarchy > the other was established by the Con-
| gress of Mexico after the country had become an
! independent Republic. The maps of Melish and
i others were designed to represent one of these sys-
; terns, that of DisturneTT the other. In establishing
the new system, the Mexican Congress aimed to
divide the country into districts, suitable, in point
of form and size, for new States; and thelines ancl
dimensions indicated by Melish were, in a great
measure? disregarded. The New Mexico of
Humboldt and Melish was a very different things
from the New Mexico of Disturnell. The south-
ern boundary of the New Mexico of Mehsh set
out at the village of Paso del Norte, but so as to
throw that village on the side of New Mexico.
Running thence in a southwesterly direction, it
took in a large portion of what is now the State of
Chihuahua. At a certain point it turned in a
northerly direction, pursuing the eastern base of
the Annahuac range of mountains, throwing those
mountains on the side of California. Thesouthern
boundary of the New Mexico of Disturnell also
set out at the village of Paso del Norte, but in
such manner as to place that village on the side of
Chihuahua. Running due west, it crossed the
Annahuac range, and terminated at the western
base; and thence pursued the western base in a
northerly direction, taking in, as part of New
Mexico, the Annahuac mountains, which befoie
had been excluded.
Now, it is a fact, and a very remarkable fact9
that in regard to the disputed portion of the bound-
ary, the authors of the treaty purposely declined
to prescribe an arbitrary, unknown line, and did
expressly select and adopt a line already known
to history and science. But, as has just been
shown, there were more lines than one Known to
history and science; and all will, therefore, at once
perceive how important it was that the treaty
should declare which one was contemplated, and
so the treaty does, in the followingexplicit terms-
"The southern and western limits of New Mexico,men-
tioned m this article, are thope laid down m the map enti-
tled 4 Map of the United Mexican States,' as organized and
defined by various acts of tlie Congress of said Republic,'7
&c.
Disturnell adopted the -latitudes and longitudes
of the old map, and errors in these particulars can
no more disadjust the Mexican States as organized
and defined by the acts of Congress of that Re-
public, than the discovery of error in the astro-
nomic determination of the United States could
change the lines that now separate the several
States.
Thelmportance of making reference to the map
in the manner done in the treaty, will appear by
recurring to the annexation of Texas. Texas, as
a division of the Spanish possessions, was a very
different thing from Texas, as a department of
the Mexican Republic. The Republic of Texas
bore the same relation to the old Spanish territory
