1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2135
of that name that the State of Louisiana bears,
retrospectively, to the old French province of that
name. And, in seceding from the Mexican con-
federacy, she was clearly entitled to no other limits
than those which had been assigned her as a de-
partment, adding whatever she had acquired by
conquest. When the resolutions of annexation
were under discussion in the Senate, Colonel Ben-
ton urged the importance of settling, beforehand,
" which Texas " we proposed to admit—that of
Humboldt or that of Disturnell. But as Texas
claimed, by a sort of constructive conquest, to be
enlarged to the old Spanish limits, and as it was
the well-known policy of our Government, by fair
means, to extinguish the Mexican title east of the
Rio Grande, Colonel Benton's proposition was not
much regarded. It so turned out, however, that
we got into a war with .Mexico, the disputed
boundary being the cause or the pretext; 1 do not
say which.
This simple statement will forcibly suggest why
a proper precaution was used in annexing New
Mexico, and will also make it apparent that the
map of Disturnell was referred to, not to give pre-
cision to boundaries, but to identify the New
Mexico contemplated by the treaty.
As to the western boundary of New Mexico,
if there be no marks by which a definite line can
be fixed upon, there are certainly topographical
conditions alluded to in the treaty that would en-
able us to find an approximate line. By reading
the treaty, it will appear that its authors expected
this boundary to cut the head-waters of the Gila;
they considered it, therefore, as lying considera-
bly west of the Annahuac ridge. But suppose
there be no marks whatever, then course and dis-
tance from the initial point must govern.
I am aware, Mr. Chairman, that my amend-
ment, though in order, is hardly appropriate to
the occasion; but I felt bound to embrace the op-
portunity of expressing my sense of the unwar-
rantable conduct of your commissioners.
Mr. BROOKS, l rise to oppose the amend-
ment of the gentleman from South Carolina; but
before doing so I desire to ask the Chair whether
what I now send to the Clerk's desk is in order
as an amendment to the amendment'
The Clerk read the proposed amendment to the
amendment, as follows:
And that negotiations be entered into with Great Britain
for altering the treaty of 1783, as to the boundary lines be-
tween the United States, New Brunswick, and the Can-
adas.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair does not think
that it is in order.
Mr. BROOKS. I did not suppose that it was
strictly in order, nor no I suppose that this change
of the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo, as proposed
by the gentleman from South Carolina, is in
order. It is now the 7th of August. The civil
and diplomatic bill is up and under the five
minutes rule, and we are now asked to enter into
the establishment of a boundary line between the
United States and Mexico—a subject upon which
commissioners have been appointed by the United
States and Mexico, and which it is impossible
for any man in this House to comprehend with-
out a pretty good knowledge of astronomy, a fair
study of it, and a pretty full examination of Amer-
ican and Mexican geography, and of the old
Spanish history of Mexico. The gentleman from
South Carolina asks us now, at this period of the
dog-days, to enter into this discussion, and settle
■what are the boundary lines between the United
States and Mexico, when we have appointed
commissioners, and by the treaty of Guadalupe
Hidalgo, left to them, as the gentleman confesses,
the designation of those lines. Now, I say that,
in the first place, this is an improper time to settle
such a question; in the second place, that if it
was the proper time, we could not do it in five
minutes' discussion; and in the third place, that we
have not the power to do it. The treaty, as I
said when this subject was up before, settles that
question, and as that treaty is, so this House must
follow. I need hardly enlarge upon the argument
that I made then. It strikes me, that no more
inappropriate time, and no more inappropriate
place could be selected for the discussion of this
subject; and if it is to go on, there will be no end
to the civil and diplomatic bill, for it involves
great and serious questions. We who hope to
bring the discussions on this bill to a close to-day,
shall hardly be able to do it, but shall be under the
necessity of devoting the Sabbath to the profound
studies which I have suggested for the considera-
tion of members, in order to be here on Monday
morning prepared for a proper investigation of
this very complicated subject.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Wood-
ward's amendment, and it was rejected.
Mr. HOWARD offered the following amend-
ment:
Provided, That the initial point on the Rio Grande, of
the boundary between the United States and Mexico, shall
not be fixed north of the point laid down on the map ac-
companying the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo, and made a
part thereof, and shall thence run westwardly along the
whole fjouthem boundary of New Mexico, as piovirted by
said treaty and inap; and from the west end of saidlineto
a branch of the Gila river as prescribed by said treaty.
Mr. H. said: That amendment provides that
we shall adhere to the treaty. It is substantially
the provision offered by the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Brooks] when this subject was before
the House some days ago. In my estimation,
the position which he then took was true, that
wherever the treaty fixed the boundary, there it
was, and it was not in the power of the Executive
officers of this Government to change that bound-
ary; and it is for the simple and clear reason that
to those officers is given only power to mark and
to ascertain the boundary, and designate it. That
is the language of the treaty. Now, I desire to
know if it is the intention of gentlemen upon the
other side of the House to give up thirty-four miles
of territory there, in the direct face of the treaty ?
Why are they not willing to say that the treaty
shall be adhered to, and that the line of it shall in
no place, and in no particular be departed from ?
It strikes me as extraordinary that there should be
any resistance to a proposition of this sort, when
it is clear that the Government ought to stand by
the treaty, to adhere to the treaty, and to fix the
line as the treaty has fixed it, whatever may be
the malpractices of the officers who have under-
taken to disturb the treaty boundary and to fix it
differently.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I concur fully
with the gentleman from Texas in the general po-
sition that he assumes—that we should surrender
no portion of the territory embraced in the treaty.
The whole difficulty, as I understand it, grows
out of the question where the boundary line is.
Now, I believe I agree with the gentleman from
Texas as to where the true line is. I do notthink
we disagree at all about that.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not say in this amend-
ment where it is. I only say that they shall ad-
here to the treaty,
Mr. STEPHENS. Well, I should have no
objection to put that in the bill, if it would do any
good; but I see no good that it can possibly ac-
complish.
Mr. CARTTER. I ask the gentleman if we
have not declared that once already this session ?
Mr. STEPHENS. Yes; we have already done
it, and therefore I am opposed to this amendment,
and hope the committee will vote it down. We
have already affirmed the principle. I do not be-
lieve, however, that the House can accomplish
anything, either in extending the line to any par-
ticular point that 1 might think right, or in ex-
tending it to that which gentlemen who differ with
me may think right.
Mr. HOWARD. I will state the difficulty we
shall be in, if we vote this appropriation without
some such declaration as I propose. This is a
new and distinct appropriation of $25,000 for run-
ning and marking the boundary line between the
United States and Mexico; and if we do not qual-
ify this appropriation as we did the other, the
officers will claim it as a ratification of the line
which they have run.
Mr. STEPHENS. The officers have already
past that point, as I understand it.
Mr. HOWARD. No, sir; at the last advices
the matter was still in dispute. It was not signed
by the surveyor, whose signature is necessary.
Mr. STEPHENS. I do not think any expres-
sion of opinion on the part of this House can have
any influence at all upon these commissioners.
They were sent there to ascertain the true line
according to the treaty. That is what they were
sent there for. That is their commission. They
may differ from us as to what is the true line,but
any expression of opinion we may utter here upon
the subject, will not control them. The treaty
itself provides for the manner in which that line
shall be ascertained. A map is appended to the
treaty, and made a part of it, and nothing that we
can do here will control the action of the commis-
sioners.
Mr. HOUSTON. Will the gentleman allow
me to state, in this connection, that this appropri-
ation of $25,000 is not a new appropriation for the
current year, but that it is for a deficiency, arid
for work already done?
Mr. STEPHENS. I repeat again that I think
it is entirely unnecessary to make any such amend-
ment as this to the bill. I will not detain the com-
mittee longer. 1 hope the amendment will be voted
down.
The question was then taken upon Mr. How-
ard's amendment, and it was rejected.
Mr. CARTTER moved to strike out the word
" five," in line nine hundred and eleven, and to
insert " twelve" in lieu thereof, so as to make the
clause read as follows:
For compensation of the librarian of the Patent Office,
twelve hundred dollars.
Mr. C. said: At the request of the Commis-
sioner of Patents, and a concurrence of judgment
on the part of the Committee on Patents, I have
been instructed by that committee to offer an
amendment, to change that appropriation from
five to twelve hundred dollars. The object of it
is to elevate the character of the librarian. It is
ascertained that he may be a useful officer, to aid
in the examinations that are going on in relation
to patents.
Mr. DUNHAM. You propose, then, to make
it a separate and distinct office?
Mr. CARTTER. It is already a separate and
distinct office.
Mr. DUNHAM. I understand that the duties
of librarian are performed by another officer.
Mr. CARTTER. Well, I propose to give the
librarian $1,200 a year. It is an appropriation of
the patent fund; it is not taken from the general
Treasury. The amendment is offered at the re-
quest of the chief of the bureau, and I hope it will
Lie agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. The Committee of Ways
and Means omitted to say out of what fund this
money should be paid. I suppose the chairman
of the Committee on Patents will allow me to
offer this amendment, to come in at the end of
line nine hundred and eleven: "To be paid outof
the patent fund."
Mr. CARTTER. I will accept that as a part of
my amendment.
Mr. HOUSTON. The Committee on Patents
have charge of that particular fund, and the rais-
ing of this salary is a matter that the Committee
of Ways and Means have not looked into.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I rise to op-
pose that amendment, because the sum is not large
enough; by which 1 mean to say, that while I
shall vote for the amendment 
Mr. CARTTER. Will the gentleman allow me
to state to him that it is the sum suggested by the
Commissioner of Patents?
Mr. STANTON. Well, then, I suppose I
must submit to it, although I consider the sum too
small.
The question was then takenon Mr. Cartter s
amendment as modified, and it was agreed to.
Mr. VENABLE offered the following amend-
ment:
For the purpose of erecting a pedestal on Lafayette
Square, for the equestrian statue of Andrew Jackson, on
such plan as may be approved by the artist of that work,
$5,000.
Mr. Y. said: The equestrian statue of General
Jackson, which is being erected in this city,I un-
derstand is now completed, and asuitable pedestal
ought to be provided for it. I have lately seen it
myself, and it is not only creditable to the artist,
but it is a magnificent work. I hope there will be
no difficulty in making the appropriation necessary
for the erection of a pedestal.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. HOUSTON, under instructions ofthe Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, offered the following
amendment:
For freight and transportation of the group of statuary
contracted tor with Hoiatio Greenough, from Leghorn to
Washington, and for placing it upon a pedestal in front of
the eastern portico of the Capitol, a sum not exceeding
$7,000.
Mr. H. said: I have here a letter from the Sec-
retary of the Treasury showing that it is now
ready.
