1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
361
Mexico, January 9, 1846.
Sir : I have to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of
the Otn instant. I consider my n ency in relation to the in-
stallments or' April arid July, 1844, as limited to the ascer-
taining: the tacts connected with i^ie alleged payment, and
the i evocation of your powers to receive moneys on ac-
count of tlio*e or any future installments; I therefore do !
not lecl myself called upon to lespond to your suggestion, I
that you ,uc entitled to leceive an expression of the appro-
bation of the Government of the United States for your past 1
eei vices, or to express anyopinion as to the propriety of die !
course pursued by you. 1
I have, through the Consul of the United States, Mr. i
Black, eiven nonce to the Government of Mexico of the 1
revocation of your powers to receive any monevs on ac- \
count of the United Slates. In the absence of a statement :
from the officers of (he Mexican Treasury of all the facts of i
the case. I am not prepared to take the steps suggested by I
}ou and Messrs. Tayleui, Jamison, &. Co. I am not will- i
jng, until further advised, to do anything which may lm- j
pair the unqualified obligation which I think those gentle- I
men contracted to advance, on the 27th of August, 184-1, m !
cash, the sum of $274,604 67; and I cannot hut expiess my '
surprise that you should nothave insisted, at the time, upon 1
its immediate performance. ,
I am, very respectfully, your most obedient servant, j
JOHN SLIDELL. j
To Emilio Voss, Esq., Mcxico.
He calls upon the Mexican Government for a
copy of this receipt, which they refuse. The re-
cept which the gentleman reads is a copy which
Mr. Voss furnishes:
[transition of the rfceipt ]
$274,684 67.—I received from the Genet al Treasury the
sum of two hundred and seventy-four thousand six hundred
and siMy-iour dollars and M\ty-sevuii cents, the amount of
the two quaiteily installments due on the claims of the
United States. EMILIO VOSS.
Mexico, September 20, 1844.
Mr. GREY. Mr. Slidell admits that none of
that money had been paid.
Mr. BA YLY. On the contrary, he calls upon
him to account for it.
Mr. PHELPS. I stated, that it was contended
by our Minister, that the house of Tayleur, Jami-
son &. Co. had absolutely obligated themselves to
advance the amount of monev due in April and
July, 1844. Let us see what Tayleur, Jamison &
Co. say in reference tothss \ery advance. They
speak of the order for $160,000, and the other
orders m their letter to Mr. Yoss, as being unpaid.
No. 2. [
[enclosure in no. 1.] !
Messrs. Tayleur, Jamison § Co , to Mr. Voss. j
Mrxico, December 17, 1845. t
"Dear Sir: In conformity with your desire to be informed 1
of the actual position of theotders received by us against j
various departments of the public treasure for the two in- '
bailments due by this Government, in .Inly, 1844, to the j
Amenenn claimant, the collection of winch has been as- 1
sumed by u-, we have to inloim >on, with i egret, that up to j
the pie^ent date not a dollar lias been paid on account of '
tho«e documents. The Government having failed to comply I
with it> engagements to u*, we of course can make no an- ,
tieipatnm to you on account of those outers, but we continue ;
our efforts to etloet thy collection; and. peisuaded, a^w; j
are, that temporary financial difficulties only have prodiajfd |
tins want of punctuality on the pan of the Government, we j
ate fai from despamng of success. j
Should you, however, prefer xeceiving back the docu- 1
ments, which are— ;
Older on the Treasury for bills arising from maritime j
dutis* at Mav.atlan, payable here $160,000 00 ,
Order on Manning & Mackintosh for funds pro- I
ceedmg fiom forced lean  60,000 00 j
Older against cncul.ttion and export duties of 1
specie at this custom-house    50,000 00 '
Fait of an order on the tobacco revenue  4,664 67 |
$•">74,6(54 g7 |
we hold them at your disposal, oi that of any pa«ty whom i
you may name to receive them. I
We are, dear sii, yours, respectfully, >
TAYLEUR, JAMISON & CO.
Emit,to Voss, Esq. j
There is also the correspondence between Mr. ■
Slidell and Messrs. Tayleur, Jamison & Co., and i
it shows that not a cent had been paid by the
Mexican Government: ,
4<The oider for $160,000, standing first m our letter to j
Mi. Vo'-s, is Iodized in the Tieasury lieie, in conformity -
with the usuft.1 practice to authonze the leccipt by us of the
bills for that amount, winch shoublhevr been (emitted fiom .
Mazatlan according to agreement, but which have not been j
lcceived. . „«•, , \
^ The order for £60,000 on Manning & Mackintosh was ,
returned by them unpaid, and has since unfortunately been _
mislaid • but, as von will peiceive from the enclosed copy ,
of a letter fiom them, dated 23d ultimo, the proof of non- j
paunent is easily established. _ j
« The Mipieme order for .$30,000, arising from specie du- !
ties, exists in the Treasury; but. a? before mentioned, with- I
out effect, m consequence of later counter-orders from the ;
Government • and the order against the tobacco revenue for j
.94,664 67 is in the same situation. None of these facts will ;
be denied by the Government; and we propose, should you ,
decide on having the deposit made with Mr. Black, to ad- ■
dress a communication to the Minister, requesting him to
consider the Consul of the United States as the party to -
whom the several sums are to be paid—an auangement {
which you will find to bequite consistent with the contents
of our letter of 17tfi ulumo to Mr. Voss."
The executive documents show that Mr. Green
never received this money—that it was not paid in
December '45, and January '46, by the Mexican
Government, and that in November '45, the Min-
isters of theTieusuiy of the Mexican Government
acknowledged the money had not been paid to our
agent. B. E. Green is therefore not responsible for
any loss which has happened to the Government;
nor is he in any manner chargeable or responsible
for the loss which has occurred. General Thomp-
son appointed tiie agent to receive this money—
the administration of Mr. Tyler instructed Mr.
Green to retain that agent—the alleged payment
was not made until Governor Shannon reached the
city of Mexico, and then upon his advice and con-
sultation with our agent. Occupying the floor by
the permission of the gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Grey,] I do not propose to fix the responsi-
bility, but declare to the committee that Mr. B. £.
Green is fully exonerated, in my opinion, from any
culpability m consequence of the loss of the instal-
ments due in April and July, 1844, of §274,000 by
the Mexican Government to our Government.
Mr. GREY. Mr. Chairman, I have but a few
more words to say. In relation to the payment
of this money, from the time Thompson left to |
the time Shannon arrived, it was evident that Mr. |
Green xvas daily pressing foi the payment of the i
installments due by Mexico; and it is also evident i
from the correspondence of Mr. Slidell, that Gov- i
ernor Shannon was in consultation with Tayleur, !
Jamison & Co., and w-ith Hargous & Co. It is a :
fact, that he was there at the tune in consultation I
with them; and how.can it be charged that Mr. j
Green was in fault, because, ns Secretary of Le- ■
gation, he sent to this Government, by the instruc-
tions of Mr. {Shannon, a communication from the
Mexican Minister of Finance, addressed to Mr.
Shannon? It will be remembered, also, that the
receipt for this draft was not given by Ilargous
& Co. to the Mexican Government, until the 21st
of September, nearly a month after Mr. Shannon i
had been in the city of Mexico. It is clearly evi- J
dent that Mr. Green, Secretary of Legation, was !
superseded by the arrival of the Minister. !
And now, Mr. Chairman, having repelled the |
charge which I understood the gentleman from j
Virginia [Mr. Bayly] to have made: having by
the lecord proved that Mr. Shannon, as Minister
Plenipotentiary, was in the city of Mexico when
the arrangement was made by Mr. Voss, and ap-
proved of it,—I appeal to the gentleman from
Virginia to retract the charge which he yesterday
made against Mr. Green, because he must now be
satisfied there is not the slightest foundation font.
In conclusion, Mr. Chan man, I feel bound to
say, that I know Benjamin E. Green; that 1 have
known him from a child; that our relations have
been the most intimate; that my knowledge of his
conduct and character, of what he is, and of what
he lias done, enables me to say, that in intelli-
gence and acquirements he lias few equals of his
age; that for honor and integrity he has no
superior, and that he is incapable of an unworthy
or dishonorable act. In his letter to ,
dated Mexico, — day of , Mr. Shannon re- .
marks, *' I fiod Mr. Green a young man of fine ;
talents and acquirements, and his services inxal- !
uable." I repeat, sir, that I have known Mr.
Green from a child; that xvhen Ins father's pe-
cuniary embarrassments made it necessary, he
denied himself, when yet under age, e\en the
comforts of life, that lie might appropriate a large
part of his earnings to the support of his mother,
and the education of his brother and sisters; that
when in Mexico he applied a large part of his
salary to the same praiseworthy object, and that
believing he could better aid his father in the
development of his property and the support of
his family, he left Mexico. Gratifying to him as
Ins position there was, by his talents, industry,
intelligence, and economy, he has won the respect
and confidence of all who know him; and I am
gratified to be able to reply to the sneering insin-
uations of the gentleman from Vnginia, that such
has been the reward of his self-denial, persever-
ance and industry, that his pecuniary condition
will now compare favorably with that of the gen-
tleman from Virginia, boastful as he is of the high
position he occupies, and of the many places of
trust and honor which he has held by the favor
of the people and Legislature of his State; and in
making this declaration on my part, I might, if I
were so disposed, follow the example of th$ gen-
tleman, and refer to the distinguished marks of
confidence which I, too, have received from the
Legislature of my native State and from the peo-
ple, among whom I have lived from infancy. -
Sir, I am done. I repel the charges which the
gentleman from Virginia has made; and I think I
have proved to this House and to the gentleman
himself, that they are incorrectand not authorized
by the facts as set forth in the diplomatic corre-
spondence relative to those arrangements and ne-
gotiations with the Government of Mexico.
Mr. FOWLER moved that the committee rise;
which was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose, and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the Chairman [Mr.
j Jones] reported that the Committee of the Whole
i on the state of the Union had had under consider-
ation the state of the Union generally, and partic-
i ularly House bill No. providing for carrying
j into executions) further part the 12th article of the
i treaty concluded with Mexico at Guadalupe Hi-
j dalgo, but had come to no conclusion thereon.
| Mr. HOUSTON. A good many gentlemen
' have suggested to me the propriety of asking the
j House to agree to meet again after a recesa this
, evening and discuss this question.
! [Cries of " No !" "No!"]
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I move that
the House take a recess until seven o'clock. There
are several gentlemen here who desire to speak.
Let those who do not wish to speak stay at home.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I will say, with
the permission of the gentleman from Georgia,
that the hour of twelve has been fixed for the
meeting of the House until it shall be otherwise
ordered. That is now one of the rules of the
House, and you cannot change it without one
day's notice.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opinion
that the hour of meeting cannot be changed with-
out one day's notice.
Mr. STEPHENS. I think that the gentleman
from Tennessee misunderstands the rule. If I
was to move to adjourn till to-morrow, it must be
till the hour fixed by the standing rule, but not if
we wish to ad journ" from one hour to another on
the same day* The gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Allen,] however, who is entitled to
the floor in the committee, asks me to withdraw
my motion, as he will not be able to speak to-night,
and for that reason I withdraw it.
On motion by Mr. FOWLER, the House then
adjourned.
PETITIONS. &c.
The following petitions, memorials, &c., were presented
undei the lule, and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. SIBLEY: The petition of sundry citizens of
Maine and Massachusetts, praying that newspaper postage
be equalized for auv distance Joss than three thousand miles.
By Air. SWBETiSER : The petition of J. W. Smith, and
3.1 o'thci citizens of Hebron, Olno, ntking Congress not to
employ a Chaplain for either branch of the National Legis-
lator.
By Sir. WELLS : The petition of Thomas C. Green, for
a law authorizing a patent to be giv Mi to him of certain
land?, and tor Mich other relief i-s equitable and just.
I*j Mr. PRICE : The memorial of Henry Bohlen, J. F.
Feni.s and others, citizctis of Pennsylvania, and surviving
officer^, soldiery, seamen and marines, and widows and
clnldten of tho-e deceased, who reived in the wai of 1812,
asking the modification of the bounty land act of September,
1830.
On motion by Mi. WASHBURN, the petition of John
Campbell was taken from the files, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions.
By Mr. CHANDLER.: The memorial of sundry mer-
chants of Philadelphia, asking for the repairs ol piers and
construction of hatbors in the nvei Delawaie.
Al-o, the memorial of sundiy citizens of Philadelphia,
asking foi legislation by Congio^sito pi,ice mamies and sail-
ors on the ^a'liie advantage with soldiers in the distubution
of bounty land?.
By Mr. FOWLER : The petition of John Saverv and 68
others, legal voters, of Carvei and Plymouth, in the State
of Massachusetts, praung lor an appropnation foi the pur-
pose of paying the evpenscs of the ti an^portation of the
mail between Catver awl Plymouth.
On motion by Mr. lirilKEE, leave wa< obtained to take
from the file^ of the IIou.se the petition and accompanying
pupeis of Sylvester Petti bone, and to lefer them to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciaij'.
By Mi. FITCH . The application of Abraham Au&inun,
of Indiana, for additional pension.
By Mr. BIIUGIIAUS: The petition of William Avres
and others, ot Dauphin county, Pennsylvania, praying for
a change in the tariff laws, and for acapitation tax.
Also,'the petition of George C. Strem and others, for a
mail route begm> nig at Lancaster, Lancaster county, ajid
ending at Millerstown, Lebanon county, in the State of
Pennsylvania.
