86*2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 23,
Bv Mr. DAVIS, ofMassachwsetts: The petition ofGeorge j
Ctexu.nd.ru4■ othrn rfSpriagMdI
i)V air- v* • -«• kv *    '
Intvre Stewart, George Henry, and many others, citizens
of New York, piaying Congress to take such action in fa-
vor of the relief of Smith O'Brien and his associates, by
interceding with the British Government in their behalf, or
otherwise, as shall be deemed consistent and proper.
Bv Mr. THOMAS M. HOWE : The memorial of E. D.
Gazzaui, H. D. King, and others, citizens of Alleghany
county, Pennsylvania, praying for a ship canal around the
fella of the river St. Marie, Michigan.
IN SENATE.
Friday, January 23, 1852.
Prayer by the Rev. L. F. Morgan.
The PRESIDENT. The first private bill on
the Calendar is a bill for the relief of Charles A.
Kellet.
Mr. BELL. I would suggest that the motion
to reconsider the vote on the passage of the bill'
for the relief of Sally T. Floyd has priority.
The PRESIDENT. No, sir. This is private
bill day; and nothing is in order but private bills
in their order on the Calendar.
Mr. BELL. The motion to reconsider was laid
on the table, and I thought it would come up first.
The PRESIDENT. That motion having been
laid on the table, the bill cannot be taken up with-
out a motion.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Then I move to take it
up, as it is a private bill.
The PRESIDENT. It is not on the Calendar
as a private bill; it is a motion to reconsider,
which motion was laid on the table.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. MALLORY. I rise for the purpose of
making a brief personal explanation. In the re-
ports of yesterday 1 find this passage, reported as
having been said by the honorable Senator from
New Hampshire, [Mr. Hale:]
"lliave looked over the last long speech made in the
Senate, the speech of the honorable Senator 1'iom Flor-
ida, [Mr. Mau.ory.] with some care, to find a remark
in it to which I had replied; but I could not find a word of
it in the speech of the honorable Senator. The poor re-
marks which I made were published as a reply to some-
thing which, by the reports of the Senate, did not appear
ever to have been said.7'
These remarks were made yesterday during my
temporary absence, for a few moments, from the
Chamber, and while I was in one of the commit-
tee rooms. I am perfectly satisfied that the hon-
orable Senator from New Hampshire attaches no
particular importance to the matter, and that his
remark was made in no offensive spirit; but he allu-
ded to an old established usage, as I understand,
for Senators to correct their speeches; and, in so
doing, to withdraw matter which has been said,
and insert matter which has not been said. All
I object to is, that I should be held up here as an
illustration of the bad practice of Senators. I
think a new Senator ought not to be held up as an
illustration in a ease where the practice has been
one of long standing. If I had adopted this course
it probably would have been sustained by usage.
I did desire to alter some part of the phraseology
of the speech, to which the Senator referred; but
I did notfeel at liberty to do so, for the Reporter's
notes were exceedingly accurate, and I was sur-
prised at their correctness. In order that I might
not depend on my own recollection, I have called
on the foreman of the printing office, who assured
me that he had never seen a speech returned with
so few verbal alterations. Nothing was erased
except, perhaps, some words of a tautological
character. I can now only say that the passage
which the honorable Senator believed to have been
erased, he has since discovered in the reported
speech.
Mr. HALE. May I be allowed a single mo-
ment? The Senate will be;>v me witness that I did
not allude to the honorable Senator from Florida,
until several Senators had called for an instance of
the practice to which I alluded. It occurred to me
that I had looked over the speech of the honorable
Senator from Florida without being able to find
the passage to which I referred; hence, on thespur
of the moment, as an illustration of my remark, I
alluded to the circumstance. But the honorable
Senator has since called on me and asked me to
examine the speech, and pointed out the passage. I
examined it accordingly, and found there the pas-
sage to which I had replied. While I make this
explanation, I do not admit that the statement
which I made yesterday was not entirely correct
1 — I was only un-
to prove it; and
1 must content myself with a reference to an illus-
trious example which happened in Spain. Don
duixote maintained that Dulcinea was the most
beautiful princess in the whole world; and he chal-
lenged every one m the world who dared deny it.
He fought one man, in which battle he was
worsted; and when he was called upon to yield,
he said, "No; Dulcinea is the most beautiful
princess, but Don Cluixote is very unfortunate."
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. WHITCOMB. I desire the unanimous
consent of the Senate, if that be necessary, to make
a report on a private bill.
The PRESIDENT. The Senate will have to
suspend their order before they can take up any
business but private bills on the Calendar.
I Mr. WHITCOMB. I move that the order be
suspended until one o'clock.
Mr. MANGUM. That can be done by unani-
mous consent.
The PRESIDENT. The order can be sus-
pended by a majority, as it is not a rule of the
Senate. It will require, therefore, a motion, to be
adopted by the Senate, to suspend the execution
of the order until any particular hour tlje Senate
may think proper. Unless it be suspended, the
Chair is bound, according to the order, to take up
private bills to the exclusion of other business.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I was under the im-
pression yesterday, that on the motion of the hon-
orable Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Douglas,] the
further consideration of the bill granting land to
the State of Iowa for the construction of certain
railroads, was postponed until to-day. If that
was not the understanding of the Senate, I was
mistaken. I believe that I have never, since I
have been in this body, iisked the indulgence of
the Senate, on any occasion, to take up any bill;
but I must now ask the Senate to do me the favor
to take up that bill. I therefore move to suspend
the execution of the order.
The PRES1 DENT. The Chair cannot receive
that motion, inasmuch as the Senate has just re-
fused, on another motion, to suspend the execu-
tion of the order until one o'clock. The first pri-
vate bill on the Calender is for the relief of Charles
A. Kellet.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I certainly feel it in-
cumbent upon me to ask for the consideration of
the question on the reconsideration of the bill
granting a pension to Mrs. Sally T. Floyd,
doubt whether it is not entitled to priority under
the principles of parliamentary law, it being -
question of reconsideration. But if we cannot
reach it in any other way, as it is a private bill, 1
must ask a suspension of the execution of the
order till that question is disposed of. I am will-
ing to let the bill be considered, in order that it
may go upon the general orders; and then we
shall presently come to it, and act upon it.
Mr. BADGER. We shall get at it after we
shall have got through other bills.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. If that can be done, I
waive my request.
CHARLES A. KELLET.
The Senate proceeded to consider, as^n Com-
mittee of the Whole, the bill for the relief of
Charles A. Kellet. It .enacts that the Secretary of
the Treasury be authorized to refund to Charles
A. Kellet, or his legal representatives, the sum
paid to the collector of the port of New York as
tonnage duties on the Chinese junk Keying, im-
ported there for exhibition, provided the same
shall not exceed §500.
| Mr. DAVIS. If any gentleman wishes an ex-
i planation of this bill, I will give it to him; but 1
| do not wish to detain the Senate unless some Sen
I ator desires an explanation.
Several Senators. It is not necessary.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for
third reading.
THEODORE OFFUT.
The Senate proceeded to consider, as in Com
mittee of the Whole, the bill for the relief of Theo
dore Offut. It is in these words:
" Be it enacted, 4"c., That the Secretary of the Treasury
be and he is hereby directed to pay to Theodore OfTut, out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated,
the sum of ninety dollars, the value of a grey mare, the
property of said Offut, which was turned over to the use of
tile Government by his commanding officer, Captain W. C.
Pollard."
The bill was reported from the Committee of
Claims, with an amendment to add the words
" without authority," to the end of the bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
the amendment was agreed to, and the bill was
ordered to be qpgrossed for a third reading.
A. H. COLE. -
The Senate next proceeded to consider, as in
Committeeof the Whole, the bill for the relief of A.
H. Cole, reported from the Committee of Claims.
It enacts that the proper accounting officers of the
Treasury be authorized and required to settle the
claim of A. H. Cole, late a sutler in the Army of
the United States, in Florida, on the Same princi-
ples of equity and justice as are extended to other
sutlers under the existing Army regulations: pro-
vided satisfactory evidence shall be submitted as
to the amount of the claim, and that no money
shall be paid for goods furnished to deserters or
discharged soldiers, unless to the amountof money
which was due to them by the Government. The
second section enacts that the sum found to be
due in said settlement aforesaid shall be paid out
of any moneys in the Treasury not otherwise ap-
propriated.
Mr. BADGER. I beg to suggest a small
amendment. In the second section I see the
words "in said settlement aforesaid." I moveMo
strike out the word " aforesaid," as it is wholly
unnecessary.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
the amendment was concurred in, and the bill or-
dered to be engrossed for a third reading.
JAMES DUNNING.
The Senate proceeded to consider, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, the bill for the relief of James
Dunning, reported from the Committee of Claims.
It enacts that the proper accounting officer of the
Treasury be authorized and directed to pay to .
James Dunning, #255 98, out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, as in-
terest on a liquidated amountof $4,000 due to him,
in payment, by contract, on the 18th of June,
1850, but withheld until the 12th of October fol-
lowing for want of an appropriation therefor.
Nq' amendment being proposed to the bill, it
eported to the Senate without amendment,
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading.
ENOCH BALDWIN AND OTHERS.
_ he Senate proceeded to consider, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, the bill for the relief of Enoch
Baldwin and others,reported from the Committee
on Commerce. It enacts that the Secretary of the
Treasury be directed to ascertain the amount of
excess of duties paid by Enoch Baldwin, or by
Baldwin & Co., upon two hundred and forty-eight
puncheons of rum, imported into the port of East-
port, in the State of Maine, from the Island of
Tobago, on the 1st of October, 1822, in the British,
brig Despatch, over and above what would have
been paid if said rum had been imported in an
American vessel; and that said excess, so ascer-
tained, shall be paid over to the said Enoch Bald-
win, and such others, if any, as are lawfully in-
terested therein.
Mr. HUNTER. This is a bill for refunding
duties. It is strange that it should come from the
Committee on Commerce. I would like to hear
the report in that case read.
The report was accordingly read. It appears
from it, that in 1822 the British brig Despatch,
being at the Island of Tobago, in the West Indies,
took on board a quantity of rum, the produce of
that Island. American vessels were allowed to
enter and clear on that Island upon the same foot-
ing as English vessels. The cargo was taken on
board, under the full belief that no discriminating
tonnage duties would be exacted, if she entered
any port of the United States. The vessel ac-
cordingly cleared for Boston, and after landing
there one hundred puncheons, consigned to one
Aaron Baldwin, cleared for Campo Bello, New
Brunswick, but afterwards returned to what was
then Lubeck, in the State of Maine, and there
landed the residue of her cargo. The then col-
