1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1275
The gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr.
Clingman,] in connection with this subject, has
moved the following resolution, viz:
Resolved, That the report be committed, and the Com-
mittee on Printing are hereby instructed to repoittothe
House whit, if any, arrangement has been made to have
the public printing executed; and if any othei than the pub-
lic printer has been employed, to report what price they
have agreed to pay, and that said committee be instructed
to let out such printing as the present contractors cannot
execute, to the lowest responsible bidder, alter ten days'
notice.
The gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Bayly] has
moved to amend the instructions by inserting after
the wotd " Resolved," the words " by the Senate
and the House of Representatives of the United
States in Congress assembled.'' When the House
adjourned yesterday, the question immediately
pending was the demand for the previous question.
I desire the ear of the gentleman from Viiginia,
[Mr. Bayly,] who proposed an amendment to the
resolution, and also the attention of the House, for
a single moment. Under the rules, in the opinion
of the Chair, the motion made by the gentleman
, from Virginia, the object of which was to change
the resolution of the House to a joint resolution
of the two Houses, is not in order. If its char-
acter was thus changed to a joint resolution, it
would have all the features of a bill about it, and
under the rule which the Chair will read, the
House will see at once that it is not in order.
The SPEAKER then read rule 114, as follows:
Every bill shall be introduced on the report of a com-
mittee, or by motion for leave. In the latter case, at least
one day's notice shall be given of the motion in the House,
or by filing a memorandum thereof with the Cleik, and
having it entered on the Journal; and the motion shall be
made, and the bill introduced, if leave is given, when reso-
lutions are called for; such motion, or the bill when intro-
duced, may be committed."
The Chair decides, therefore, that the motion
made by the gentleman from Virginia, which is
to change the character of the resolution by giving
it-the form of a joint resolution, is not in order.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I rise to a question
of order, founded upon two'points; the first of
which is, that the objection comes too late, be-
cause a motion has been entertained in the mean
time for the previous question.
The SPEAKER. Let us settle the first point.
The Chair begs leave to read the following de-
cision by his predecessor:
"Mr. W. R. W. Cobb having called up the motion sub-
mitted by him on Tuesday last, viz.: to reconsider the vote
i>y which the House on the previous 'day had refused to
Suspend the rules so as to enable the gentleman from In-
diana [Mr. Itjmvn] to present the memorial of the meeting
of anti-slavery friends held at Newport, Indiana, on the
subject of slavery and the repeal of the fugitive slave law—
"The Svcakcr stated, that when he permitted this motion
to be entered on the Journal, he expressed doubts as to the
propriety of entertaining it. Subsequent examination of
the subject had confirmed him in the opinion that the mo-
tion to reconsider a vote upon a motion to suspend the rules
was not in order ; and he, therefore, ruled the said motion
out of order. In this decision the House acquiesced."
That happened several days after the motion
was submitted and entered upon the Journal.
The Chair, therefore, overrules the first branch of
the point of order.
Mr. BAYLY. The second I shall not press. It
is a point of principle—the precise question which
was decided yesterday as to its being a question
of the propriety of the House to determine upon,
and not a rule of order. I will not press the point.
I attained my object in moving the objection,
which was to exhibit, as far as I could, the ab-
surdity of one House undertaking to instruct a
committee in reference to a subject upon which its
duties were defined by law. I take  o appeal
from, but acquiesce in, the decision of the Chair.
The call for the previous question was seconded,
and the main question was ordered to be put.
The question was then taken upon the motion
to recommit the report of the committee with in-
structions, and it was agreed to, upon a division—
ayes 95, noes not counted.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I move to reconsider the
vote just taken, and to lay the motion to recon-
sider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
HOMESTEAD BILL.
Mr. POLK. I move that the rules be suspended,
and that the House resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The question was then put and carried in the
affirmative. Accordingly, the House resolved it-
self into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, (Mr. Hibbard in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN stated, as the business be-
fore the committee, the consideration of House
bill No. 7, being a bill to encourage agriculture,
commerce, manufactures, and for other purposes.
The Clerk will read the bill through.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. Is it m order to
move to suspend its reading?
The CHAIRMAN. It ma.y be, as the reading
has been suspended before m similar cases.
Mr. HARRIS. I then submit that motion.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I think that it
had better be read by sections.
Mr. MEACHAM. I object. Let the bill be
read through.
The Clerk then read the original bill through,
as follows:
Be it enacted, $c., That every man or widow who is
the head of a family, and a citizen of the United States,
shall, from and after the passage of this act, be entitled to
enter, free of cost, one quarter section of vacant and unap-
propriated public lands, or a quantity equal thereto, to be
located in a body, m conformity with the legal subdivisions
of the public lands, and after the same shall have been sur-
veyed.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacte<i, That the persons ap-
plying foi the benefit of this act shall, upon application to
the register of the land office in which he or she is about
to make such entry, make an affidavit before the said re-
gister, that he or she is the head of a family, and is not the
owner ot any estate m land at the time ot such application,
and has not disposed of any estate in land to obtain the ben-
efits of this act; and upou making the affidavit as above
required, and filing the affidavit with the registei, he or she
shall theieupon be permitted to enter the quantity of land
already specified : Provided, however, That no certificate
shall be given, or patent issued therefor, until the expira-
tion of five years trom the date ot such entry; and if, at the
expnalion of such tunc, the person making such entry, or
if he be dead, his widow, or in case of her death, his heirs
oi devisee, or in case of a widow making such entry, her
heirs or devisee, in case of her death, shall prove by two
credible witnesses, that he,sh,e, or they have continued to
reside upon and cultivate said land, and still reside upon
the same, and have not alienated the same, oi any part
thereof, then, m such case, he, she, or they shall be entitled
to a patent as in other cases provided for by law.
Sec. 3. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the register of
the land office shall note all such applications on the tract
books and plats of his office, keep a register of all such
entries, and make return to the General Land Office, to-
gether with the proof upon which they have been founded.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That all land acquired
under the provisions of this act, shall in no event become
liable to the satisfaction of any debt or debts contiacted
prior to the issuing the patent therefor.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That if, at any time
after filing the affidavit as required m the >ccond section of
this act, and befoie the expiration of the five years aforesaid,
it shall be proven by twooi more respectable witnesses tes-
tifying upon oath, to the satisfaction of the register of the
land office, that the person having filed such affidavit,
shall have actually changed his or her residence, or aban-
doned the said entry for more than six months at any one
time, then, and in that event, the land so entered shall re-
vert back to the Government, and be disposed of as other
public lands are now by law.
Sec 6. And he it further enacted, That if any individ-
ual now a resident of any one of the States or Territories,
and not a citizen ol the United Slates, be at the time of
making such application lor the benefit of tins act, -shall
have filed a declaration of intention as required by the nat-
uiahzation laws of the United States, and shall become a
citizen of the same before the issuance of the patent, as
made and provided form this act, shall be placed upon an
equal footing with the natural born citizens of the United
States.
Stc. 7. And be it further enacted, That no individual
shall be permitted to make more than one entry undei the
provisions ot this act; and that the Commissioner of the
General Land Office is heieby required to prepare and issue
such lules and regulations consistent with this act, a« shall
be necessary and proper to carry its provisions into effect;
and that the renters and receivers of the several land
offices shall be entitled to receive the same compensation
for any lands patented undei the provisions of this act, that
they aie now entitled to receive when the same quantity o
land is entered with money to be paid by the party to whom
the patent shall be issued.
The first section of the bill was then again read
with the view to amendment.
• The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will announce
the question before the committee. The Commit-
tee on Agriculture, to whom the bill was referred,
reported it back to the House, with sundry prop-
ositions to amend. They propose to amend the
first section of the bill by inserting after the word
" States" the words " on the first day of January,
{1852, who is not the owner of any land, nor worth
' the sum of $500, and who has not disposed of his or
s her land for the purpose of obtaining the' benefit qf
1 the provisions of this «c£;" and the question im-
mediately pending is upon this amendment.
Mr. BEALE. I move to strike out the first
section of the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. There is an amendment
offered to the first section of the bill by the Com-
mittee on Agriculture, and the Chair is of the opin-
ion, that until that amendment and other amend-
ments to the?first section are acted upon, the
gentleman's motion will not be in order. It will
be hereafter.
• Mr. HARRIS. Is it not in order, at the pres-
ent time, to submit the motion to strike out the
first section ? It is in order, I am aware, to per-
fect the section before the vote is taken upon stri-
king out.
The CHAIRMAN. There is-pending: an
amendment to the first section reported by the
Committee on Agriculture.
Mr. JOHNSON) of Tennessee. I will sug-
gest, for the purpose of getting rightly started
upon this bill, that the committee reporting it
have made some amendments to the bill, as it
now stands. There is an amendment to be of-
fered in lieu of the first section, in the event that
the amendments of the committee are adopted or
rejected. The question recurs first upon the sec-
tion submitted in lieu of the first section of the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. That is the understanding
of the Chair. An amendment to the amendment
of the committee is now in order.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois. I propose to
submit an amendment to the amendment of the
committee. • .
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. The gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Beale] obtained the floor, and moved to strike out
the first section of the bill. 1 insist it is in order
to entertain that motion at this time. It is, to be
sure, in order, before the vote can be taken, to
perfect the first section. Gentlemen may offer as
many amendments to the first section, before the
vote is taken upon the motion to strike out, as they
may deem proper. I insist that the gentleman's
motion was in order, and that he is entitled to
the floor to debate his motion.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state,-in-
dependently of what has been stated by the gen-,
tlemanfrom Tennessee, [Mr. Johnson,] that there
is now pending an amendment to strike out the
first section, and to insert, in its stead, a substi-
tute. It is the decision of the Chair that two ques-
tions to strike out the same matter cannot prop-
erly be before the committee at the same time.
There is now also pending an amendment, re-
ported by the Committee on Agriculture, to the
original bill. When disposed of, other amend-
ments, tending to the perfection of the first sec-
tion of the bill, will be in order. An amendment
has already been introduced to strike out the first
section.
Mr. HARRIS. Is it not "an amendment pro-
posing to strike out the whole bill after the enact-
ing clause5
The CHAIRMAN. There is pending an
amendment to strike out the whole of the first sec-
tion. There is also pending, the Chair believes,
such an amendment as he states. The Chair will
state, that the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Beale] rose in his place, and offered an amend-
ment, which was ruled out of order. Then the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Campbell] obtained
the floor, and expressed his intention of movingan
amendment, when the gentleman rose to a ques-
tion of order.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move to strike out the
first section, and, in its stead, to insert what i send
to the Clerk's desk.
The CHAIRMAN. An amendment, to the
amendment of the committee is now in order.
The amendment of the gentleman from Illinois is
of another character, and therefore is not in order.
Mr. MOORE, of Louisiana. I move to strike
out, in the sixth and seventh lines, the words "nor
worth the sum of $500."
I cannot, Mr. Chairman, see that any good rea-
son whatever can be ascribed for the introduction
of these words in this bill. This land, as I un-
derstand, belongs to the whole community—to
the whole people of the United States. Why
should it be, then, granted to those only who are
notin the possession of $500 of real estate ? There
is, again, this other powerful objection againstthe
insertion of that restriction. It throws out strong
temptations to perjury; and you provide that land
be given to the man who will swear that he^ is
worth less than ^500 worth of property. The
man who holds in possession property to the value
of $499 is entitled to the benefit of this measure,
while the man holding real estate worth $501 is
entirely excluded. Is it fair—is it proper to make
this discrimination between a man owning prop-
