1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
863
lector of that port states, under oath, that at that
time it was not only the belief, but it was the
general impression,in all quarters, that discrimin-
ating tonnage duties were not to be exacted. In
consequence of the prevalence of this opinion, the
Secretary of the Treasury issued a circular, di-
recting the officers of the customs to exact such
duties. The news of the issue of this circular had
not reached Boston norLubeck at the time of the
. discharge of this corgo. Under the circumstances,
Congress formerly passed a bill for the relief of
Aaron Baldwin, the owner of the one hundred
puncheons landed at Boston. The committee,
therefore, think that Enoch Baldwin and others
should be relieved from these duties on the two
hundred and forty-eight puncheons landed at Lu-
beck.
Mr. HUNTER. I never heard of the case be-
fore. I only have such knowledge of it as I can
gather from the reading of the report. As I un-
derstand the report, this bill proposes to relieve an
individual on account of his ignorance of the law.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, the Senator from
Virginia perhaps does not quite understand the
nature of this case. The trade between the United
States and the West Indies, before the arrange-
ment of 1832 was entered into, was made depend-
ent upon proclamation. Whenever the British
Government were disposed to let the vessels of the
United States into any of the ports of their West
India colonies, they issued a proclamation to that
effect, and vessels went there, and when the proc-
lamation was withdrawn the trade stopped. This
trade was thrown open by the proclamation of
1832, the time referred to in this report. This
vessel, the Despatch, was a provincial vessel, be-
longing to owners in New Brunswick, and was at
Tobago, in the West Indies, and it was under-
stood there that no discriminating duties on ton-
nage, which existed under the system of reciprocal
duties, would be exacted. discriminating
duties were then supposed to exist by reason of
the terms of the proclamation referred to—a proc-
lamation of the President of the United States.
They thought it safe, therefore, to take a cargo on
board which should be landed in the United States,
either in part or in whole. The vessel came to
Boston, and delivered part of her cargo by landing
one hundred puncheons of rum. It was then un-
derstood at Boston, just as it was at Tobago, that
no discriminating duties existed. It was so un-
derstood from the British proclamations—it was
' so understood from the proclamations of our own
Government, and therefore they landed one hun-
dred puncheons. The vessel then cleared for the
port of Campo Bello, in New Brunswick; but af-
terwards her owner concluded to land the rest of
the cargo at a place then called Lubeck—now East-
port, in Maine. She entered there on the 1st of
October in that year, there landed her cargo, and
paid the duties required. Subsequently, however,
to the landing of the cargo in Boston, and ihe land-
ing of the remainder of it in Lubeck, a Treasury
circular was issued here, requiring collectors in all
cases to exact discriminating duties on tonnage.
The very fact of the issue of the Treasury circular
shows that the common interpretation was that
those duties were not to be exacted. But the own-
ers of the vessel had to pay discriminating duttes
on the tonnage; and this bill relates to nothing but
duties on tonnage. They entered evidently under
a misapprehension, supposing that they would not
be subject to discriminating duties on tonnage.
They were so informed by the custom-house of-
ficers, and such was the general impression every-
where.
In this state of the facts, some years ago Con-
gress remitted the duties on that part of the cargo
. which was entered at Boston. I believe I reported
* that bill myself, and therefore I am able to speak to
the fact that these parties were simply left out by
mistake. It was supposed that that bill covered this
case; but it was afterwards found that the parties
to whom was consigned that portion of the cargo
which was landed at Lubeck were not included.
A question, however, was raised afterwards,
whether, when they came to Boston, they actually
had not notice of the existence of the Treasury
circular: and that hence they must have been
aware of it before they made an entry at Lubeck.
Now, it is satisfactorily proved that they did not
know of the existence of the circular, and that
the collector at Boston did not know if it, nor did
the collector at Eastport when they arrived there.
They had no knowledge of it whatsoever, it is
very clear, therefore, that they entered through
mistake and misapprehension. They probably
would not have entered in the United States if
they had known that those discriminating tonnage
duties would have been exacted. This bill now
proposes, in reference to the parties to whom the
puncheons were consigned, and that were landed
at Lubeck, to restore to them the'amount of the
discriminating duty on the tonnage which they
paid into tiie Treasury some thirty years ago,
under these circumstances.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr.President, it seems, then,
that I was right in supposing that this is a claim
for relief on the ground that these parties did mis-
take the law. As proof of their misapprehen- |
sion, the fact is adverted to that the Treasury cir- j
cular was issued in order to expound the law, •
which showed that they were acting under a mis- j
take. Now the Treasury circular either expound- j
ed the law as it was or it did not. If it was a j
mistake, they had recourse to the courts, where
they could be relieved. If the Treasury circular
was in pursuance of law, and construed the law
properly, the only established fact in reference to
the case is, that those parties misapprehended the
law. It seems to me that this principle would ex-
tend much further than is supposed. It would
extend not only to cases in which mistakes are
made in relation to tonnage duties, but in cases of
mistakes in relation to duties laid on imports; and
it might have a most important and serious bear-
ing on the revenue of the country, if we extend
this principle further.
It does appear to me that this bill rests on the
same ground with that of every other case of vio-
lation of the law, occasioned by misapprehension
and mistake in relation to the laws of the land.
I can see no reason for relieving the parties in this
case which would not exist in relation to duties
paid on goods imported under a misapprehension
of the laws imposing duties upon imports. Many
of such cases have arisen where it was necessary
to expound the law by Treasury Circular. If we
go back to relieve such cases, certainly we shall
expose the Treasury to great loss. I do not see
where we are to draw the line of distinction. Not
only that, but it seems to me that this is a very
old case, and there must be some difficulty in as-
certaining the facts. If I caught the dates cor-
rectly, the Senator from Massachusetts represents
this vessel as having entered Eastport in 1822,
about thirty years ago. It must be a very dan-
gerous subject, then, to agree upon now. I am
unwilling to pass this bill.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I think the Sen-
ator from Virginia fails to take into view one im-
portant fact in this matter. This was a trade
entirely dependent on proclamatioft. It existed
by proclamation. It was closed by proclamation.
It was irregular and anomalous in its character.
Such was the position of our intercourse with the
West Indies at that time. Now, who is to put a
construction on the effect of this proclamation?
Why, the owners of property put a construction
upon it. There was a construction put upon it in
the Island of Tobago; and the construction of both
was, that these discriminating duties on tonnage
1 were not to be exacted. Such was the construc-
j tion of the custom-house officers here. It was so
; construed by the officers of the Government. If I
^ recollect right, this construction was put upon it
by SecWhVy Forsyth, by the collector at Eastport,
and bjUvery other collector in tiie country.
This seems to me to ,be a very equitable and
just claim. The party was authorized to bring
: in his cargo. Under'these circumstances, when
| he saw the action of the Government interpreted
: by its own officers in a certain way, he had a
I right to act in pursuance of the interpretation of
| it given by the officers of the Government. In
! opposition to that interpretation,he has been sub-
j jected to these discriminating duties on tonnage.
! They ought to be restored.
; The gentleman says that this is an old claim.
1 I believe it is some eight or ten years since the
i duties were refunded on that part of the cargo of
; this vessel which was entered at Boston. This
; bill has been under the consideration of the Senate
'repeatedly. It has received the favorable consid-
i eration of the House of Representatives, but has
been lost between the two Houses for want of time.
Mr. BRODHEA.D. I would like to ask the
honorable Senator from Massachusetts, before he
takes his seat, how much this bill is likely to take
from the Treasury?
Mr. DAVIS. I believe about $1,000—nothing '
but discriminating duties on tonnage.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading. *
EDWARD EVERETT.
The Senate proceeded to consider, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, the bill from the House of
Representatives for the relief of Edward Everett,
late a sergeant in the United States Army, which
was reported from the Committee on Military
Affairs. It enacts that the sum of $607 50 be al-
lowed and paid to Edward Everett, late a sergeant
j in company A, first regiment of Illinois volunteers,
' in full compensation for services rendered by him
, as clerk in the Quartermaster's Department, from
I October 15, 1846, to June 17, 1847.
It was reported to the Senate without amend-
ment.
Mr. FELCH called for the reading of the report.
The report was read. It states that Edward
Everett was a sergeant in company A, of the first
regiment of Illinois volunteers, commanded by
Colonel John J. Hardin, deceased; that on the
11th of September, 1846, while in discharge of
his duty, Everett received a wound in the knee,
which so far disabled him from service that he had
to be left at the hospital in San Antonio. A sur-
geon's certificate was received, and an application
forwarded for his discharge, but under a misap-
prehension of his case by some of the officers of
his company, instead of a discharge being for-
warded to nim as he requested, a furlough was
granted to him for the remainder of his time of ser-
vice. Thus disabled and on furlough, he had a
right of course to go whithersoever he pleased, and
employ himself m such a way as his crippled con-
dition would permit, without forfeiting any por-
tion of his pay as sergeant. The Assistant Quar-
termaster, then at San Antonio, having need of
clerical aid, employed Everett under an agreement
that he should receive the same rate of compen-
sation as other clerks—that is, $90 per month, de-
ducting therefrom the amount of his regular pay
as sergeant. He served as a clerk from 15th Oc-
tober, 1846, to the 17th June, 1847. Though his
wounded knee joint was a great affliction to him,
yet his services as a clerk were much more valu-
able and vigilant than the services of any other
clerk in the department. Assistant Quartermaster
Ralston, at the expiration of the time for which he
served, paid him $607 50 for his services; but in
the settlement of the Quartermaster's account at
theTreasuary, this item of$607 50 was disallowed.
Everett, impelled by a sense of honor, refunded
the entire amount, and appealed to Congress for
relief. The committee therefore recommend that
the bill for his relief be passed.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading. It was subsequently read a third time
and passed.
HEIRS OF A. G. MORGAN.
The Senate proceeded, as in Committee of the
Whole, to consider the bill for the relief of the
heirs and representatives of Colonel Alexander G.
Morgan. It enacts that the accounting officers of
the Treasury be authorized and required to settle
the accounts of Alexander G. Morgan,for services
in raising troops for the Florida war, in 1837, and
also for his military services in Florida; provided
the pay and allowance to him shall not exceed the
j compensation of a captain of cavalry, and that so
| much as shall be found due to him shall be paid
j to his heirs and representatives out of any money
! in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
| Mr. BRADBURY. Is there any report m that
! case?
Mr. ATCHISON. I think I can explain the
matter. At the time these services were rendered,
Colonel Morgan was a citizen of the State of Mis-
souri. Under the direction of the Secretary of
War he raised a battalion for the P1 : ar, in
11837. Colonel Morgan co •- mat battalion
! during the whole war, ana fought bravely at the
i battle of Okee-cho-bee. To my certain knowl-
' edge, five times the amount of a captain's pay
would not indemnify him for raising that battalion.
: Though his services were received and he acted
1 as the commanding officer of that battalion, vet,
i! as he was not regularly commissioned in the
[j service, either by the State of Missouri or by the
