864
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
Jan. 23,
-United States, he did not receive any pay at all.
It js nowpioposed to pay his heirs what he would
have^ been entitled to receive at the rate of the
compensation of a captain of cavalry.
Mr. BRADBURY. My reason for making the
objection was, that I think we have passed upon
some daUbs making compensation for military
services in the Indian wars m Florida hastily. At
any rate, if any reliance can be placed on the
statements of citizens of Florida, great caution
ou^ht to be exercised in regard to any of these
claims. I have been informed by citizens of Flor-
ida that we passed a bill a few years ago granting
compensation to a regiment of soldiers amounting
to some fifteen or sixteen hundred men, for fif-
teen months, when there was nothing but a mere
skeleton of a regiment, a number of individuals
collected but for a few days, Not one quarter of
the number paid in that case were ever mustered
into service; and the number that was mustered
were discharged in a very few days, or, if not
then, in a very few weeks. I understand that the
muster rolls in that case were made up very much as
Falstaff's regiment was mode up. 1 did not know
but that something of that sort might be the case
here. I am glad to hear the explanation of the
Senator from Missouri; but in cases of this kind,
it seems to me that we ought to have a report set-
tiiifivfortli the facts, that they may go on record,
ana that we may fully understand the character of
the claims, that they may be matters for reference
hereafter. I hope the honounble Senator will
allow the bill to he over until he can put the facts
he has stated in the form of a report.
Mr. ATCHISON. The facts are in the form
of a report, and the Senator can ascertain them by
looking over his file of reports.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I know well the gen-
tleman who rendered these services. I know when
he volunteered in the State of Missouri, and how
long he remained, and I can say, no more gallant
man ever lived. He was one of that gallant Mis-
souri regiment which lost one sixth of its number
at the battle of Okee-cho-bee, where Colonel Gen-
try fell at the head of his regiment. He served his
country gallantly, and I trust that this bill will be
passed unanimously.
Mr. BORLAND. I desire to say, as a member
of the Military Committee, the chairman not being
now in his seat, that that committee deemed this
a meritorious claim, and unanimously reported it
to the Senate.
Mr. BRADBURY. The Senator from Mis-
souri has stated the fact that the history of this
claim has been imhodied in a report. That was
the subject to which I addressed myself. There-
fore, on that statement, I withdraw my objection.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
VIRGINIA WOOLEN COMPANY.
The Senate proceeded to consider, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, the bill from the House of
Representatives for the relief of the Virginia
Woolen Company.
It enacts that the Secretary of the Treasury
cause to be paid to the Virginia Woolen Compa-
ny, or to its duly authorized agent, the sum of
$6,085 04, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, that sum being the amount
retained by the United States from the said Com-
pany for an alleged non-compliance with the con-
tract entered into between the United States and
the said Company, on or about the 10th of Janu-
ary, 1848, for the" delivery of one hundred thou-
sand yards of cloth.
Mr. DAWSON. This bill needs no speech in
its favor. I will only state that the Committee
on Military Affairs examined the subject very
thoroughly, and thought it nothing but just that
this money, which was retained, should be paid
over by the Government.
IvJ>. WALKER. Is there a report in that
case ?
The PRESIDENT. The Chair understands
that there is no report.
Mr. HALE. There is a report of the commit-
tee of the House of Representatives among the
papers.
Mr. BORLAND. I think I can obviate the
necessity of having the report read, by making a
simple statement. A contract was entered into to
furnish the Quartermaster's Department with a
certain quantity of cloth for the Army.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair would< state
that there is a report of the Gommittee on Military
Affairs of the House of Representatives.
Mr. BORLAND. Let the report be read. It
will obviate the necessity of my explanation.
The report was read accordingly.
It- appears that the Virginia Woolen Company
contracted to'deliver to the United States one hun-
dred thousand yards of cloth for the Army,at $124
per yard. TheCompanydeliveredovertwenty-five
thousand yards, but failed to" deliver the rest of the
cloth within the time required. Hence the Gov-
ernment retained-the sum of $6,085 04. It seems
that the Government, in making the contract,
agreed to furnish the Company Math the wool from
i which the cloth was to be made. A quantity of
1 wool was placed on board a vessel to be sent to
| Richmond, Virginia, where the Company carry
; on their business, and the vessel was lost with its
1 cargo before it. reached its destination. On this
t account it was impossible for the Company toful-
i fill their contract. Besides that, the small-pox
t broke out among the operatives, and reduced the
number of hands, and thus rendered the Company
less able to execute the work. Therefore, and
inasmuch as the Government sustain no loss, the
committee recommend the passage of the bill.
Mr. HUNTER. I would state that this bill
passed the House of Representatives at the last
session, and came here. It was then reported
upon favorably by the Committee on Military Af-
faiis but it was not acted upon for want of time.
It has again parsed the House of Representatives
at this session, and it has again been reported upon
favorably by the Committee on Military Affairs of
this body.
Mr. BADGER. I looked into this claim at the
last session of Congress, and I can state that it
would have passed the Senate then but for an ob-
jection made by the honorable Senator from Ala-
bama, [Mr. Clemens.] He was afterwards satis-
fied as to the bill, and withdrew his objection. It
would again have been taken up and passed, but
that there was no opportunity of doing so at such
a late period of the session.
QUESTION OF PRIORITY.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I rise for the purpose of
calling the attention of the President to the fact,
that there is a bill on the Calendar to provide for
the unpaid claims of the officers and soldiers of
the Virginia State and Continental lines of the
Revolutionary Army, which is a private bill. It
is on the Calendar in regular order before many of
the bills which we have been considering to-day.
It is a bill in relation to a number of persons, but
still it is a private claim.
Mr. BADGER. I think it is a public bill.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. A bill has just been
passed providing for paying an association, a cor-
poration, a company. The claim which I wish to
be considered is for the benefit of a great many
persons, it is true; but still if is a private claim.
I rise to ask whether, in the opinion of the
Chair, it is not a private bill, and ought not to
have been taken up long ago.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair had his atten-
tion called to that bill, but he considered it a pub-
lic bill, and therefore did not put it among the pri-
vate bills. It is, however, in the power of the
Senate to regulate that matter. f
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I will make nvej^es^n
in relation to it. -as<j[jf
THOMAS H. LEGGETT. ™
The Senate next proceeded to consider, as in
I Committee of the Whole, the bill for the relief of
, Thomas H. Leggett, reported from the Committee
on Commerce.
J It enacts that the Secretary of the Treasury be
; authorized to refund to Thomas H. Leggett, a sum
equal to the increased duty paid by him under the
tariff act of May 19th, 1828, on two invoices of
j woolen goods imported from Liverpool, invoiced
' at <£1,526 17s. 9d. sterling, or §6,786 15, and en-
1 tered at the custom-house, in the city of New
York, on the 8th of July, 1828; provided that this
| payment shall not be made until the Secretary of
: the Treasury shall have satisfactory proof that the
■ duties were actually paid, and that the contract for
; the delivery of those goods was entered into in the
winter of ]827~,28, and that Thomas H. Leggett
I had it n,ot in his power, after the passage of the act
| of May 19th, 1828, to demand such order; and
> provided, further, that satisfactory evidence be
furnished to the Secretary of the vTreasury that
the firm of Thomas H. Leggett & Co. did not re-
alize the ordinary profit on such importations.
Mr. HUNTER. Is there any report in that
case? If there is, I should like to hear it read.
The report was read accordingly.
It refers for a statement of the merits of the case
to report No. 500, made by the Committee on
Commerce of the House of Representatives, oif the
26th of May, 1848. That report states that the
house of Thomas H. Leggett & Co., were regular
importers of dry goods in New York; that on the
8th of July, 1828, they imported from Liverpool,
and entered at the New York custom-house,
two invoices of woolen dry goods, as costing
^1,526 17s. 9d. sterling, or $6,786 15, on which
duties amounting to $5,467 were imposed by the
tariffact passed on the 19th May, 1828, and which
took effect on the 30th of June succeeding in rela-
tion to dry goods, but which did not take effect in
relation to iron and hardware until the 1st of Sep-
tember following. Under the tariff act of 1824,
which was in operation when these goods were or-
dered, the duties would have amounted to §2,250.
The increase of duties, the memoralist represented,
did not enhance the value of the goods, but actually
created a great loss on this description of goods.
Those goods were contracted for in the winter
of 1827-^8, to be delivered in the spring of 1828,
and were shipped in two vessels from Liverpool,
one of which sailed seven days before the passage
of the law of 19th May, 1828, and the other in a
few days afterwards. It was impossible then to
annul the contract, or countermand the order for
the shipping of the goods. The house of Leggett
& Co. united with other importers in a petition to
Congress to refund the additional duties imposed
under the tariff"of 1828 under such circumstances.
That petition was before the 22d and 23d Con-
gresses. At each of those Congresses, bills were
passed by both Houses for the relief of the im-
porters, but none of them became a law. A case
similar in all its features to this, was redressed
under an act approved June 28th, 1836. On that
ground, and sensible of the justice of the claim,
the memoralist in this case asked for a return of
the duties on those importations. The committee
state, that having examined the facts and evidence
submitted to them, they were of opinion that the
prayer of the petitioners ought to be granted. For
a more full statement of the facts of the case, they
annexed to the report four letters of the petitioner,
and the invoice and entry of the custom-house,
and also House Document No. 123 of the first ses-
sion of the twenty-third Congress.
Mr. HUNTER. It is proposed in this case, if
I understand the bill, to remit duties because a
change was made in the tariff after an order was
given to import certain goods. Why, a great
many such cases have been presented to us for
our consideration, and we know that they have
generally been rejected, as they ought to have
been. All merchants must prepare for these con-
tingencies. If we undertake to remedy the mis-
takes which may be occasioned by changes in the
rates of duties on foreign imports, there is no tell-
ing where we shall be led. Indeed I do not know
how it is that this bill comes from the Committee
$n Commerce. This is a subject which has gen-
erally been referred to the Committee on Finance,
and which appropriately belongs to the functions
of that committee. Certainly the rule m that com-
mittee has been not to grant relief in cases of this
sort-. Why, we should be opening the door of the
Treasury if we pass this bill, on the same princi-
ple, to thousands of cases. How many casesmay
arise under the tariff act of 1842 ? How far back
are we to go ? Are we to look up the whole his-
tory of our legislation m order to see, perchance, if*
the various tariff acts which have been passed have
operated harshly and onerously on this or that in-
dividual? How are we to be sure of the facts?
How are we to ascertain the testimony at such a
distance of time as this ? Even if we admit the
principle to be a sound one that we should refund
duties under such circumstances, which we cer-
tainly have not admitted heretofore in the general
course of this body, how could we ascertain with
certainty the facts in such complicated transactions
at such a distance of time ?
It is said that the order for the goods in this
case was given in 1828. How do we know that?
It is said, too, that the order was given in igno-
rance 6f the proposed change. How do we know
