2140
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 9,
him on tbe same footing with the other heads of Bureaus.
If, therefore, you mean when you say "that the amend-
ment was prepared at the Department of the Interior,"
that it was prepared by me, or under my authority, or that
I am in any way responsible for its form,I beg leave to say
most respectfully that you are in error, as I neither pre-
pared, authorized, nor sanctioned the amendment in the
form it stands, nor do T know who prepared it.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient
servant, ALEX. H. H. STUART.
Hon. A. P. Butler.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President, the authority
upon which I made the statement in the Senate
that that amendment was prepared at the Depart-
ment of the Interior was derived from the Senator
from Louisiana, [Mr. Downs.] I suppose he is
still under the impression that it was prepared at
that Department, though not by Mr. Stuart. Jus-
tice to Mr. Stuart requires me to say—not only
from the letter which has been read, but from
other sources—that this amendment was never
brought to his notice, and was prepared without
his knowledge. Whether he should be held re-
sponsible for it or not is a different question. But
justice also requires me to say that it did not ori-
ginate with the committee, but that it was prepared
by somebody else, and adopted by the committee.
I am not perhaps at liberty to say who prepared
it. I suppose, however, there is no doubt that it
was prepared at the Census Bureau, and at the
instance of the Senator from Maine, [Mr. Brad-
bury,] as well as I can learn. So that the respon- i
sibility, if any, should be shared by the head of
the Census Bureau and the Senator from Maine.
The bill was sent to him, and no doubt he took it
as it was prepared, with a view on his part of
fixing the salary of the Superintendent of the Cen-
sus Bureau at $3,000 a year. That was, no doubt,
his impression, and if it was Mr. Kennedy's un-'
derstanding also, there was nothing wrong in the
transaction. But I suppose it was prepared at the
Census Bureau, and adopted by Mr. Bradbury.
I believe these are the facts.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. STOCKTON presented the memorial of J.
P. Pirsson, praying the Government to purchase
his patent condenser for supplying the boilers of
marine engines with fresh water; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. PISH presented a petition of inhabitants
of Wayne county, New York, praying for an
appropriation for the improvement of the harbor
of Great Sodus Bay; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Also, the memorial of Charles Callaghan, for
himself and others, praying the United States to
purchase the $600,000 of United States Treasury
Department certificates of Spanish indemnity;
which was referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
Also, three petitions of citizens of New York,
praying the extension of Uri Emmons's patent
for a planing machine; which were referred to the
Committee on Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. WALKER. I have a resolution, amount-
ing to a memorial, passed at a meeting of the
Mechanics' Mutual Protection Society of New
York, asking the passage of the homestead bill.
I am requested to present it to the Senate, and do
so; but as the bill in reference to which the memo-
rial is sent has been reported upon by the com-
mittee, I move that the memorial be ordered to be
laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER presented a memorial of res-
idents of the counties of Fairfax and Alexandria,
Virginia, praying an appropriation for the repair
of the Long Bridge; which was referred to the
Committee on the District of Columbia.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. WADE, from the Committee un Claims,
to which was referred the petition of Joseph M.
Hernandez, praying to be indemnified for dam-
ages sustained by his plantation in Florida in con-
sequence of its occupation as a military post,&c.,
submitted a report, accompanied by a bill for his
further relief; which was read and passed to the
second reading. The report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr HAMLIN, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to which was referred a resolution of the
Senate, directing the committee to inquire whether
any legislation is necessary or expedient to ex-
empt vessels driven by stress of weather, and an-
choring in any of our ports, from the ordinary
detentions and requisitions of the custom-house,
asked to be discharged from the further consider-
ation thereof; which was agreed to.
Mr. SOIJLE, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to which was referred the memorial of
Auguste Metaye, asking Congress to allow him
compensation for services rendered in the custom-
house at New Orleans, submitted a report, accom-
panied by a bill for his relief; which was read,
and passed to the second reading. The report
was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred a memorial of importers of wines,
brandies, &c., at New Orleans,praying an increase
of the number of gaugers of that port, submitted
a report, accompanied by a bill authorizing the
collector of the port of New Orleans, with the ap-
probation of the Secretary of the Treasury, to
appoint three head gaugers; which was read, and
passed to the second reading. The report was
ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred a memorial of citizens of Louisiana,
residing on the Mississippi river opposite New
l Orleans, praying that the port of New Orleans be
extended to their side of the river bank, submitted
a report, accompanied by a bill extending the lim-
its of the port ofsNew Orleans;- which was read,
and passed to the second reading. The report
was ordered to be printed. J
CLERK TO THE COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN j
RELATIONS. |
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, I offer the fol-
lowing resolution: ;
Resolved, That the Committee on Foreign Relations be 1
authorized to employ a clerk for the lesidtie of this session, '
whose compensation shall bp the same as that of clerks of' ]
other committees of the Senate. •
There is an accumulation of business just now j
i before that committee which renders it important ;
; that it should have a clerk. I therefore ask the 1
unanimous consent of the Senate to have the res- .
olution considered at this time. ;
There being no objection, the resolution was ;
considered, and agreed to. j
I THE LOBOS ISLANDS.
) Mr, HAMLIN submitted the following resolu- ,
; tion; which was considered by unanimous con- j
■ sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President bo requested to communi-
cate to the Senate all such eoriespondenee as may have j
taken placc between the United State* and Peru regarding '
the Lobos Islands ; and also a copy of such msti uctions as ,
may have been given to the nifi^pr in command of the
American squadron, on the subject of vessels loading with ,
guano at those island*—so far as the same, m his judgment, :
shall be compatible with the public interests.
EXPENSES OP THE SEVENTH CENSUS.
Mr. BORLAND. I ask leave to offer the fol- \
lowing resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be directed ,
to communicate to the Senate a statement of all the expend- i
itures for, and on account of the Seventh Census, specify-
ing the following items', to wit:
Amount paid to marshal!? and assistant marshals for
taking census, collecting statistics, &c.
Amount paid for clerk hire in CenMi^ Office.
Amount paid for stationery for Census Office. i
Amount paid for office rent for Census Office, and to i.
whom paid. :]
Amount paid for fuel and stove lent, and to whom paid. !
Amount paid for furniture for Census Office. [ \
Amount paid for repairs or alteiations of the house or :j
houses occupied for the Census Office, and to whom paid, i
Amount paid for books, pamphlets, papers, and peuodi
cals, tor the use of the Census Office.
Amount paid for freight or transportation to Adams & |
Co., or other persons, for the use of Census Office, and on j
what account.
Amount paid for contingent expenses of the Census Of-
fice. !
Amount paid for arranging and translating European sta- 1
tistics, and to whom paid. I
Amount paid for the expenses of the visit of the Super- |
intending Clerk of the Census to Europe ; and copies, ver- '
batim, of the vouchers for said evppnsp* furnished by the
said clerk.
Jind resolved further, That said Secretary hi; directed to
state to the Senate the appropriation out of which the ex-
penses of said visit to Europe were paid, and the authority
of law tor this payment.
As this is a mere resolution of inquiry, as the
subject embraced in it is likely to have a bearing
upon legislation before the close of the session,
and as there is but a short time between this and
the close of the session, I ask the Senate to con-
sider the resolution at this time.
The resolution was considered and agreed to.
PENSION AGENTS.
On motion by_ Mr. BORLAND, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the resolution submitted by
him on the 2d instant; and, having been amended,
it was agreed to, as follows:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed
to report to the Senate the names of the several agents em-
ployed by the Department other than officers of the United
States for the payment of interest on the public debt, and,
of those appointed by the Secretary of the Interior for the
payment of pensions since the 4tli of March,,1849, together
with a statement of the last settled accounts of each of
such agents, with date thereof, showing the amount due to
or from the United States.
Resolved further, That the paid Secretary report what
length of time unclaimed dividends of interest are allowed
to remain in the hands of agents after the same are due
and payable, and how often said agents are required to ren-
der their account^ ; and what security, if any, is required
for the faithful performance of the trusts confided to them.
Resolved further^ That the Secretary of tbe Interior be
directed to furnish the Secretary of the Treasury with the
names of each and every pension agent appointed by the
Department of the Interior, since the 4th of March, 1849,
to enable the said Secretary of the Treasury to respond
fully to the preceding resolution.
CLERK TO THE COMMITTEE ON CLAIMS.
On motion by Mr. BRODHEAD, the Senate
proceeded to consider the following resolution, re-
ported by him on Friday last from the Committee
on Claims:
Resolved, That the clerk to the Committee on Claims
be continued, at the usual rate of compensation, to be em-
ployed during the recesses of the Senate in completing and
keeping up the index and digest of the reports of the com-
mittee authorized by the resolution of March, 1851; and in
discharging such other duties as the committee may re-
quire.
At the suggestion of Mr. Pratt, the resolution
was modified by the substitution of the word
"recess" for the word "recesses;" and it was
agreed to.
THE TARIFF.
On motion by Mr. STOCKTON, the bill
"amendatory of the several acts regulating the
appraisement of imported merchandise, and the
more effectually to prevent frauds on the revenue,
and for other purposes," was read a second time,
and referred to the Committee on Finance.
DEATH OF HON. ROBERT RANTOUL.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Hayes, its.Chief Clerk,
communicating to the Senate information of the
death of the Hon. Robert Rantoul, jr.,a mem-
ber of the House of Representatives from the
State of Massachusetts, and the proceedings of
the House thereon.
The resolutions of the House of Representa-
tives were read.
Mr. SUMNERsaid: Mr. President, by formal
message of the House of-Representatives, we now
learn that one of our associates in the public coun-
cils has died. Only a few brief days—I had al-
most said hours—have passed since he was in his
accustomed seat. Now he is gone from us for ever.
He was my colleague and friend, and yet, so sud-
den has been this change, that no tidings of his
illness even had reached me, before I learned that
he was already beyond the reach of mortal aid or
consolation, and' that the shadows of the grave
had already descended upon him. He died here
in Washington, late on Saturday evening, August
7th; and his earthly remains,accompanied by the
bereaved companion of his life, with a committee
of the other House, are now far on the way to
Massachusetts, there to mingle dust to dust with
his native soil.
The occasion does not permit me to speak at
length of the character or services of Mr. Rantoul.
A few words will suffice; nor will the language of
eulogy be required.
He was born August 13th, 1805, at Beverly, in
the county of Essex, the home of Nathan Dane,
author of the immortal ordinance by which free-
dom was made a perpetual heir-loom in the broad
region of the Northwest. Here, under happy
auspices of family and neighborhood, he com-
menced life. Here his excellent father, honored for
his public services, venerable also with years and
flowing silver locks, yet lives to mourn his last
surviving son. The sad fortune of Burke is re-
newed. He who should have been as posterity,
is now to this father in the place of ancestor.
Mr. Raxtoul was early amember of the Legis-
lature of Massachusetts, and there won his first
fame. For many years he occupied a place on
