1176
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 0,
erty of a certain value, and another owning prop-
erty worth two dollars more? The conscientious
man would be fearful that he valued his property
tori low, while the designing man would take an
oath', without any hesitation whatever, that he
was worth less than $500, although he knew that
he was worth more. The object to be accom-
plished, as I understand it, by this measure is to
bring into cultivation our public domain. Now,
I can very readily conceive that the greatest good
will be derived from the cultivation of these lands
by men who are worth a little over $500. Sup-
pose, for instance, that a man worth $1,000 emi-
grated to the State of Louisiana, and settled upon
a piece of land there.in order to put it into culti-
vation, it would be necessary for his object to hire
the services of others.to assist him in clearing the
land. Money would have to be invested in axes
And other implements of labor. He would have
to purchase hoes, plows, horses and cattle, to
effect the cultivation of the land. When the land
had- been cultivated it would be necessary—for in
our country we raise cotton—for him to expend
money in the building of a gin-house. Under this
bill this man, and all others worth more than $500,'
would be entirely cutoff from availing themselves
of the privilege granted to this bill. For what
reason has this distinction been instituted? By
striking out the words proposed to be stricken out
by my amendment, the poor man will not be ex-
cluded—not at'all. He wilf still be enabled to
possess himself of the benefits of this homestead
bill. He can still, by settling upon a quarter sec-
tion of the public domain, and putting it into cul-
tivation after five years' residence, possess himself
of its title. Influenced by these reasons, 1 make
the motion to strike out the words " worth more
than $500."
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. If the Clerk
will just read the substitute for the first section of
the.bill, I think it will set this question all right,
and come up to the prerise idea which the gentle-
man from Louisiana [Mr. Moore] desires.
It was read, as follows:
That any person who is the head of a family and a native-
born citizen ot'tlic United States, or any person who is the
head nf a family and had become a citizen prior to the first
day ot' Junuiuy, 1852, citmrini by the UrituniliKiuion
laws of the United States, shall, f rom and after the passage
Of this aet, lie entitled to enter, ftec of cost, one quarter
section of vacant and unappropriated public lands, or a
quantity equal thereto, to he located in li liody in conform-
ity with tile legal subdivisions of tile public laiiils. anil after
the Rmne.shal! have been surveyed.
I do not intend to be troublesome to the House,
for I have but one great object, if I know myself,
which I have to accomplish, and that is, the pas-
sage of this bill in a form acceptable to the coun-
try.
It will be seen that tins section cariies out the
idea intended by the gentleman from Louisiana,
and all that in relation, for instance, to the $500
restriction. We see that this section excludes the
part objectionable to the gentleman from Louisi-
ana, which requires the individual to come for-
ward and make oath before making an entry, that
he or she is not worth the sum of $500, and has
not disposed of his or her land for the purpose of
obtaining the benefit of this act. So far as I am
concerned, I will take the section either way, with or
without the restraint, but ! believe the amendment
offered in lieu of the first section of the bill, meets
with the approbation oftjie majority of this House.
1 think so, at least, arid if the House think proper
to adopt that m lieu of the first section of the bill,
I am inclined to think that the bill is in as accept-
able shape as we, in all probability, shall get it.
So far as some gentlemen have suggested in rela-
tion to foreigners,if I know myself, I repeat again,
that my feelings are as kind to foreigners as those
of any man. 1 will go as far as he who goes fur-
thest, under proper circumstances, but I want, so
far as the public lands are concerned—so far as an
inducement is held out in the bill—to let the public
lands rest precisely upon the same principle that
they do now; neither to add to, nor diminish, the
inducement, so far as foreigners are concerned, in
regard to coming into this country. I want to
leave that just as it is. This bill provides for all
that are m the country, who were naturalized prior
to the 1st January, 1852. It provides for all those
here, who are not citizens but inhabitants of the
States or Territories, upon condition that they will
come forward anil make a declaration of their in-
tention to become citizens; and their title inures
to the land provided they are naturalized and be-
come citizens. This leaves the land standing as
it did before, holding out precisely, and no more,
the inducements which were held out before this
bill shall have passed.
Now, I make one appeal to the friends and the
foes of this bill. This is a naked, clean homestead
proposition, which is intended to ameliorate and
elevate the condition of our kind. I want to ap-
peal to those who are opposed to it, and to those
who are its friends, to desist upon this occasion
from offering amendments. Let us withhold our
amendments, and adopt this first section in the
form most acceptable of the two proposed. The
remainder of the bill is, 1 think, as perfect as we
will be likely to make it. What will satisfy one,
will not satisfy another. It is impossible for us to
perfect this bill to the satisfaction of every mem-
ber of this body. The Senate must do something.
They will do something. And even if we were to
make the bill perfect, going upon the ground that
the Senate would do something, they would make
it imperfect; and hence, if we Jeave it a little im-
perfect, we may take it for granted that the Senate
will do something towards its perfection. Let us
adopt, then, the amendment in lieu of the first
section, and take the bill as it is. Let me appeal
to the friends of the bill who have amendments to
offer, to let them go over. We cannot all secure
the adoption of our amendments. It is impossi-
ble for that to be accomplished. It is impossible
that we can frame such a bill as will be acceptable
to all. We cannot do as Minerva, m old times,
who sprung from the brain of the Imperial Jove
with a complete coat of armor. We cannot per-
fect a bill emanating from a committee—emanating
from members of this Hijuse, that would be com-
pletely peifect in all its paits. Let us take the
principle. Let us get the Government committed
to this great policy, and the defects and impeifec-
Lions of this lull will be cured hereafter. Shall
we who are friendly to this bill, after this long
struggle—after having routed the enemy, horse,
foot, and dragoons; alter having met them at all
their strong points, demolished them in argument,
and driven them from the field; shall we, from a
contest among the friends of the measute, after
this struggle, see, like the Dead Sea l'liut, ail our
toils and labors turn to ashes upon our hps? I
appeal to the friends and enemies of this hill to for-
bear. 'Let it have a fair te«t. Let it go to the
country; and if it is wrong, let the country pass
upon it.
Mr. SWEETSER. I wish the House to per-
mit me, although it may be technically out of
order, in a five minutes' speech, to reply to that
point.
The CHAIRMAN. The time or the gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Johnson] has expired, but
by the unanimous consent of the House, it will
be competent for the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
SwuF/rsEii] to proceed, anil not otherwise.
[Cries ot " No!" " No!"J
Mr. SWEETSER. 1 will not occupy five
minutes.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. 1 wish to
make an inquiry of the Chair 
Mr. SWEETSER. Does the Chair consider
the amendment submitted by the gentleman from
Tennessee as now pending?
The CHAIRMAN. No. The gentleman from
Ohio is in possession of the floor.
Mr. SWEETSER. Will the Chair indulge me
a moment? The object I had in view was to re-
ply to the gentleman's remarks which attaik the
amendment, and not the one which the gentleman
from Louisiana made to the lull. He picked up
his amendment of the 30th March, to which he
directed his attention. My object is to reply to
the points made upon that amendment.
The CHAIIiM AN. That will be m order when
the amendment comes up for consideration.
Mr. SWEETSER. I do not wish to be out of
order.
Mr. CARTTER. Is the amendment of the
gentleman from Louisiana before the House?
TheCHAIRMAN. Thegentieman from Lou-
isiana proposes to amend the amendment of the
Committee on Agriculture, by striking out the
words " nor worth the sum of $500."
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment was adopted.
Mr. BEALE. I propose to amend the amend-
ment by striking out "$500,"and inserting "$1."
The CHAIRMAN. The committee have just
voted to strike out those words.
Mr. BEALE. I move to strike out the words
" 1852," and in their place to substitute " 1853."
Is that in order?
The CHAIRMAN. That is in order.
Mr. BEALE. Mr. Chairman, I wish to give
my opinion on this bill particularly, because it in-
volves vital political principles that are about to
be disregarded. I can take but a limited view of
this subject in the brief time allowed me. In this
debate, the finger of scorn has been pointed to
a certain class of politicians who have been de-
nominated Abstractionists. Air. Madison, in his
report of 1799, setting out the true theory of Fed-
eral powers, and Mr. Jefferson, in carrying out this
theory in the practical application of our affairs
during his administration, are the prominent of-
fenders of this class, and to those who would direct
its action to the accomplishment of selfish and sec-
tional purposes. I belong to the school of 1799.
If the plain construction of the Constitution in the
early and best days of the Republic is right and
true, this bill is in violation of such opinions and
the practices growing outof them. No onedoubts
the just power of this Government to taise money.
But any one at all conversant with constitutional
law, ought also to know that this power does not
carry with it an unlimited discretion in the MS? and
application of money. The objects to which Con-
gress may make a just application of money, or of
public property, are limited by the specific grants
contained in the Constitution, or to such"other in-
cidental powers only as are necessary and proper
to carry those grants into execution. This may
all have been done in error. It is barely possible
that Congress ought to have had the power to sup-
press the liberty of speech and of the press, to
have established a religion, &c„, &c. But the facts
are otherwise. This Government is derivative m
its character, and has no beneficiary powers. That
has been reserved to the States and to the domestic
circle untranimeled, as it should be. The people
and theStates, in the fundamental law, have chosen
to intrust to you that class of power by which,
and by which only, you may work out the public
good. Can any one point out such grants of
power in the Constitution, or such incidents, as
would characterize this bill as a necessary mode of
procuring the public good in conformity to the
fundamental law? It is scarcely pretended. It is
spoken of as an aet of supreme beneficence—our
feelings of kindness and humanity are appealed to
—it is based merely upon the old, and 1 had hoped
the exploded, doctrine of Federalism, that we are
neither bound by the will of our constituents nor
constitutional limitations, hut may legislate at will
for the public xcetfare. I would ask Democrats—
who will forgive this repetition—have you any
means of promoting the public welfare, except
you confine your legislation within the pale of
the Constitution' Have not the people and the
States chosen to limit your action by the primor-
dial law? If this is not so—if this conclusion is
an abstraction, where, I ask, but in yourowti will
and pleasure, is the limitation to the most wild,
experimental, and chimerical projects of legislation?
Will gentlemen be so good as to point out what
project may not be undertaken and, therefore,
justified, because of the reason that it admits of
the application of money, or is characterized by a
lofty beneficence ? You have, therefore, no con-
stitutional power to pass this bill.
You are also restricted in the passage of this
bill by solemn compact. When Virginia and other
States ceded a large amount of those lands, it was
upon the clear and well-known conditions that
they were to he used for the express purpose of
payingthe debts and defrayingthe general charges
and expenditures of this Government. Did you
not accept them upon those terms, and, having so
accepted them, are you not. hound, in good faith,
to keep holy and untouched the terms of the con-
tract? But some say, in answer to this view,
"Virginia was a party to the contract of the
Constitution of 1789, and by her consent placed
the public lands at the disposal of this Govern-
ment." The disposal of those lands had been
placed tViere before—there was no change ex-
pressed or contemplated in the transfer to the new
Government. In proof of the assertion, there
was no change in the action of the Government in
this relation for many years of the good time of
the Republic. Those lands acquired by purchase,
