1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2141
the Board of Education in that State. He was
also, for a time, Collector of the Port of Boston,
and afterwards Attorney of the United States for
Massachusetts. During a brief period he held a
seat in this body. Finally, in 1851, by the choice
of his native district, remarkable for its intelli-
gence and public spirit, he became a Representative
in the other branch of the National Legislature.
In all these spheres he performed most acceptable
service. And the future promised opportunities
of a higher character, to which his abilities, in-
dustry, and fidelity would have amply responded.
Massachusetts has many arrows in her well-
stocked quiver; but few could she so ill spare at
this moment as the servant we now mourn.
By original fitness, by study, knowledge, and
various experience, he was formed for public ser-
vice. But he was no stranger to other pursuits.
Early devoted to the profession of the law, he
followed it with assiduity and success. In the
antiquities of our jurisprudence, few were more
learned. His arguments at the bar were thorough;
nor was his intellectual promptness in all emer-
gencies of a trial easily surpassed. Literature,
neglected by many, under the pressure of profes-
sional life, was always cultivated by him. His
taste for books was enduring. He was a con-
stant student. Amidst his manifold labors, pro-
fessional and public, he cherished the honorable
aspiration of adding to the historical productions
of his country. A work on the history of France,
wherein the annals and character of this great na-
tion should be portrayed by an American pen,
had occupied much of his thoughts. I know not
if any part was ever matured for publication.
The practice of the law, while it sharpens the
intellect, is too apt to cramp the faculties within
the narrow limits of form, and to restrain the
genial currents of the soul. It had no such influ-
ence on him. He was a Reformer. In the war-
fare with Evil he was enlisted earlvand openly as
a soldier for life. As such, he did not hesitate to
encounteropposition,to bear obloquy, and to brave
enmity. His conscience, pure as goodness, sus-
tained him in every trial—even that sharpest of all,
the desertion of friends. And yet, while earnest
in his cause, his zeal was tempered beyond that of
the common reformer. lie knew well the differ-
ence between the ideal and the actual, and sought,
by practical means, in harmony with the existing
public sentiment, to promote the interests which
he had at heart. He saw clearly that reform could
not prevail at once, m an hour, or in a day, but
that it would he the slow and certain result of con-
stant labor, testimony, and faith. Determined and
tranquil in his own convictions, he had the grace
to respect the convictions of others. Recognizing
in the social and political system the essential ele-
ments of stability and progress, he discerned at
once the office of the conservative and the reformer.
But he saw also that a blind conservatism was not
less destructive than a blind reform. By the min-
gled caution, moderation, and earnestness of his
labors, he seemed often to blend two characters
in one, and to be at the same time a reforming con-
servative and a conservative reformer.
I might speak of his devotion to public im-
provements of all kinds, particularly of the sys-
tem of railroads. But here he was on the popular
side. There were other causes where his struggle
was keener and more meritorious. At a moment
when his services were much needed he was the
faithful supporter of common schools, the pecu-
liar glory of New England. By word and exam-
ple he sustained the cause of temperance. Some
of his most devoted labors, commencing in the
Legislature of Massachusetts, were for the aboli-
tion of capital punishment. Perhaps no person
since that consummate jurist, Edward Livingston,
has done so much by reports, articles, letters, and
speeches to commend this reform to the country.
With its final triumph, m the progress of civiliza-
tion, his name will be indissolublv connected.
There is another cause, that commanded his early
sympathies and some of his latest best endeavors,
to which, had life been spared, he would have
given the splendid maturity of his powers. Pos-
terity cannot forgetthis; but I am forbidden by
the occasion to name it here. Sir, in the long line
of portraits on the walls of the ducal palace of
Venice, commemorating its Doges, a single panel,
where a portrait should have been, is shrouded
by a dark curtain. But this darkened 'blank, in
that place, attracts the beholder more than any pic-
; ture. Let such a curtain fall to-day upon this
j theme.
In becoming harmony with these noble causes
was the purity of his private life. Here he was
blameless. In manners he was modest, simple,
and retiring. In conversation he was disposed to
listen rather than to speak, though all were well
pleased when he broke silence, and in apt language
declared his glowing thoughts. But in the public
assembly, before the people, or in the legislative
hall, he was bold and triumphant. As a debater
he rarely met his peer. Fluent, earnest, rapid,
sharp, incisive, his words at times came forth like j
a flashing cimeier. Few could stand against him.
He always understood his subject; and then, clear,
logical, and determined, seeing his point before
him, pressed forward with unrelenting power, j
His speeches on formal occasions were enriched
by study, and contain passages of beauty. But
he was most truly at home in dealing with practi-
cal questions arising from the actual exigencies of
life.
Few had studied public affairs more minutely or
intelligently. As a constant and effective member
of the Democratic party, he had become conspicu-
ous by championship of its doctrines on the cur-
rency and free trade. These he often discussed;
and from the amplitude of his knowledge, and
his overflowing familiarity with facts, statistics
and the pimciples of political economy, poured
upon them a luminous flood. But there was no
topic within the wide range of our national con-
cerns which did not occupy his thoughts. The
resources and needs of the West were all known
to him; and Western interests were near his heart, j
As the pioneer, resting from his daily labors, j
learns the death of Rantoul, he will feel a per-
sonal grief. The fishermen on the distant eastern
coast, many of whom are dwellers in his district,
will sympathize with the pioneer. As these hardy
children of the sea, returning in their small craft
from their late adventures, hear the sad tidings, j
they too will feel that they have lost a fiiend.
And well they may. During his last fitful hours
of life, while reason still struggled against dis-
ease, he was anxious for then* welfare. The ,
speech which, in their behalf, he had hoped soon |
to make on the floor of Congress, was then j
chasing through his mind. Finally, m broken ut- j
terances he gave to them some of his latest earthly
thoughts.
The death of such a man, so suddenly, in mid-
career, is well calculated to arrest attention, and to
furnish admonition. From the love of family, the
attachment of friends, and the regard of fellow-
citizens, he has been removed. Leaving behind
the cares of life, the concerns of State, and the
wretched strifes of party, he has ascended to those
mansions where there is no strife, or concern, or
care. At last he stands face to face in His pres-
ence whose service is perfect freedom. He has
gone before. You and I, sir, and all of us, must ;
follow soon. God grant that we may go with equal ;
consciousness of duty done. i
I beg leave to offer the following resolutions: j
Resolved, unanimously, That the Senate mourns tin; death I
of Hon. Robert Rantoul, jr., late a member of the House of |
Representatives, from Massachusetts, and tenders to hisiel- j
atives a sincere sympathy iri afflicting bereavement. j
Resolved, As a maik of ie«pecito the memory ot the de- !
eea^ed, that the Senate do now adjourn. '
The resolutions were adopted, and the Senate j
adjourned. :
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. j
Monday, .iugust 9, 1852. ■!
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by the Rev. C. M. Butler. ■'
The Journal of Saturday was read and approved, i j
Mr. MANN said: Mr. Speaker, I rise to per- !'
form the melancholy service of announcing the ,j
death of the honorable Robert Rantoul, jr., late I
a member of the Massachusetts delegation in this ;
House, who expired at his lodgings, in this city,
on Saturday evening last, at half-past ten o'clock. /
Mi. Rantoul's illness was very brief; his death, ;j
until a short time before he breathed his last, j
wholly unexpected. He was m his seat here on i
Tuesday last, and though the death-mark of his |
disease was then upon him, yet he walked home j1
as usual, foreboding no ill. No prophetic glimpse i
was vouchsafed to him that his final hour was so :
near at hand. When he returned home, and shut,
the door of his dwelling, he little thought he had
looked upon this fair and beautiful outward world
for the last time; when he retired to his chamber
he little dreamed that he should never walk forth
from it again; but the stern enemy pursued him;
and now the narrower door and the closer apart-
ment of the coffin and the tomb have hidden him
from us forever.
The disease of which Mr. Rantoul died was
erysipelas—often, as in this case, a terrible form
of death, for it disturbs and deranges the opera-
tions of the mind before it subdues the body. The
malady had not made great advances with him
before it attacked his brain, accompanied by the
usual consequences of an inflammation and de-
rangement of that organ. Death seems armed
with sufficient terrors when we can meet it with
unclouded intellect, and with a heart resigned to
the will of God; but certainly those terrors are in-
conceivably magnified when, as one of the con-
comitants of the disease, the mind loses its erect-
ness and equipoise, and the laws of its action and
motion are suspended; when the thoughts and
memories and the images of external objects which
the senses convey to the brain ore mingled in wild
confusion together, and the soul has no home but
to wander up and down amid this chaos. How
different from that state of peace, and joy, and
trust, in which every man hopes to meet the final
hour; and does not every truly sane man take
measures for the realization of his hopes?
Yet Mr. Rantoul, even amid the agonies of his
disease, had lucid intervals. There were convic-
tions in his mind so deep-seated, and affections in
his heart so strong, as to stand unmoved by any
tempest of delirium. On being telegraphed re-
specting the illness of her husband, his devoted and
excellent lady, then in Massachusetts, hastened to
his succor. She arrived here at six o'clock on the
morning of the day he died. Instantly her voice
wooed back consciousness and reason. He seized
her hand in his, and held it till he breathed his
last. Even when his mind wandered, this grasp
of affection was unclenched. Death only re-
laxed it.
The swelling of the disease had closed his eyes,
and it was beyond the power of muscular contrac-
tion to open them. He desired to have them opened
by mechanical means, that he might once more
behold the features and the face whence, for more
than twenty years, the light of love had shone
down into his heart. Thank God, sir, that, amid
all the alienations and strifes and hostilities which
seem sometimes to flow out of the human bosom
as though it were their natural fountain, there are
also affections, sympathies, tendernesses, and
loves which are inseparable from it; allied to it by
a more congenial affinity; and which we always
may find there, "close as green to the verdant leaf
or color to the rose."
Mr. Rantoul was born in Beverly, Massa-
chusetts, August, 1805. Had he lived until next
Friday he would then be forty-seven years old.
He entered Harvaid University at the age of eigh-
teen, and was graduated in 1826. He studied law
at first with Mr. John Pickering, of Salem, who
exemplified in his profession the largest meaning
of the word law. He did not consider the law a.s
an arbitrary or artificial scheme of forms and pre-
cedents, but a.s a great system of justice and truth,
of God-ordained principles, on which alone, and
by which alone, human society and human wel-
fare can be upheld and advanced; nor as an art or
device by which to get a living, but as a science
by which to guide all life. After Mr. Pickering's
removal to Boston, Mr. Rantoul was in the of-
fice of the Hon. Leverett Saltonstall, who was
once a member of this House. He was admitted
to the bar in 1829.
Mr. Rantoul soon became a man of mark. In
1834 he was elected to the Massachusetts House
of Representatives, from the town of Gloucester,
where he then resided; and from that time till Ins
death he filled many public offices, both of a po-
litical and of an honorary nature. In 1843 he was
made collector of the port of Boston. In 1845 he
was appointed United States district attorney for
Massachusetts, the responsible duties of which
office he performed m a very able manner for about
four years. In 1851 he was elected a Senator of
the United States by the Legislature of Massa-
chusetts, to complete an unexpired term; and he
was chosen, by a very large majority of the peo-
ple among whom he had always lived, and who
