1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1277
as well as by donation, were used for thepur poses
set out in the cession act of 1784. You have,
therefore, the construction the Government itself
put upon tins matter for the last forty years. We
have had advancement in Government affairs, but
no revolution that would abrogate previously-
existing contracts in relation to pecuniary matters.
man a sell-love that impels him with sufficient
speed, and needs not governmental propulsion.
Let us make clear his way, and take care only
that he does not run foul ot the rights of others.
This is as much, and perhaps more than govern-
ment has ever effected anywhere or at any time.
Beware of bounties, it destroys that energy of
But suppose we had, what is the practice of na- j character and intrepid perseverance which has
tions in our own times in regard to this matter?
Did not Louis Philippe pay to the United States
twenty-five millions of francs for captures made
of American property under the Imperial Gov-
ernment of trance after several revolutions?
Shall our Government feel itself less bound to
observe its pecuniary contracts, especially when
it is remembered that this cession of lands by
the States at the period when made removed
existing impediments, and greatly contributed to
the formation of the Union? Do not tell me of
precedents in the bestowal of the public lands
heretofore; they were acts of a generous and
unthinking beneficence to our own people strug-
gling with the difficulties of settlement m a -new
country, without a cautious reference to your
legitimate power. You may, for the effect it would
have upon my judgment, as well refer to the pre-
cedents of legislation violative of the rights of
speech and the liberty of the press of a former
period. I disregard legislative precedent when
- opposed to what I esteem as fundamentaj political
truth. The very act, however, which yqu are
about to perpetrate will probably be heralded as a
precedent hereafter to weaken the force of consti-
tutional obligation, and to break up this noble
fabric of constitution and law into a convenient ma-
chinery to advance sectional and party interest, or
to manage more efficiently a presidential eiec ion.
.The sole argument made use of in this debate to
sustain theconstitutionality of this measure, is the
mere assertion that the prominent object of the
Government in the acquisition of new territory,
was to Ufrsettlement. That settlement was a con-
sequence foreseen; that it was an element entering
into and controlling, to some extent, the idea of
its value, is true; that its cultivation,including the
building up of towns and cities, with a wide-spread
civilization, was anticipated, isprobable,and form-
ed, if you choose, a laudable motive for action.
'But are we not brought back to the inquiry, Does
the object to be attained justify you m tins de-
scription of means for its accomplishment? And
does not the history of both the transfer and ac-
quisition by purchase of those lands, give a very
different, but the true view of the object intended
by the Government' The Conventional Govern-
ment required of the States the donations that were
made. Could, I ask, the Convention which formed
the Constitution, have intended to violate therms
spread a high civilization from the Atlantic to the
| Pacific ocean, and which the drones of gifts and
| benevolences could never have effected.
j What Democrat can go for this bill, when the
i argument in its support assumes as a government
! duty to interfere and direct the labor, skill, and
j capital, by holding the temptation of bounties to
! a free people, and controlling labor by legislative
j bribe.' Men manage their own affairs better than
i government can do it for them. To be let alone
j is m most instances a great blessing of political
I liberty. The peculiar condition of things in this
J country will, by the law of demand and supply,
I direct the labor and pursuits of community,
j Will you, at the expense of the rights of the
! sovereignty and dignity of the State governments,
j induce the people of the United States to look up
i to this Federal Government as the only and sole
dispensers of gifts and of bounties—indeed, the
great beneficiary of the people, to the discredit
and disrepute of their State governments, who have
less means to bribe with so lavish a hand.
Again, as the public lands belong to all the peo-
ple ot the United States, does not your bill violate
all ideas of equality, and therefore of justice, in
bestowing it in such a manner that its benefits will
only accrue to a part of the people?
Have you not, by the act of 184fi, pledged the
moneys arising from the sale of the public lands
for the redemption of the principal and payment
of tue inteiesi of some $40,000,000 expended m
| prosecuting the Mexican war? and does not this
j bill, if it pass into law, violate that solemn and
voluntary pledge, so recently made?
Suppose so improbable a suggestion as that, the
Representatives of the manufacturing States should
favor the passage of this bill for the reason, that
if you withhold the means by which money will be
placed into the public Treasury for the sale of the
public lands, you thereby induce the necessity in
case of emergency of causing an increase of duty
on foreign nnpoiUtions by which the interest of
your own peculiar labor is advanced. But sup-
pose tin a effect were to follow, will it not operate
m another point of view greatly to your injury?
Why are the people of the Northeast engaged m
manufactures? Because they occupy a sterile soil,
a rigid climate, a dense population, cheap labor,
and have acquired an excess of capital. Why
are those of the South, the Southwest, and the
of the contract so recently made with the States' j| .Northwest consumers of the products ol your in-
Were not those transfers made for the purpose of
obtaining money for the uses of the Central Gov-
ernment at a period of great financial difficulty?
And were not those acquired by purchase used
and disposed of for the identical purposes, to wit,
-to pay thedebt and defray the general charges and
expenditures of the Government?
If this is fancy and not fact, why, then, you
can not only give them away, as you now con-
template, but you can also lure men out of the
■moneys of the Treasury, both to settle and to cul-
tivate those lands; which is not pretended. The
argument based upon settlement proves too much,
and therefore is fallacious.
But suppose those barriers to the passage of this
bill were removed, then is it wise and prudent?
Is it in conformity to the plan of our ancestors to
advance the best interests of man? Is not the
scheme of protecting the life, liberty, and proper-
ty of men sufficient of itself? Let the successful
advancement in this country of all that constitutes
national greatness and individual happiness, answer
this question. Can gentlemen show an instance in
the long history of our race, when governmental
bounties were ever bestowed, except in the most
corrupt times, and for most corrupt purposes >
Bounties and despotism are near of kin to each
other. Your system of pensions, running into
sinecures on the one hand, and of flogging and
ball-chaining in the Navy on the other, are weak
imitations of European policy, that are hostile
alike to the genius of our institutions and the sen-
timents of our people.. Let us keep clear of both.
Let us-leave men to pursue their own good in their
own way. God has implanted in the heart of
genuity ? Fur causes piecisely the reverse—a rich
virgin soil, a bland and genial climate, a spaise
population, high price of labor, with less pecu-
niary means. Do you not hasten a condition of
things m the West that will change the relations
at present existing, much to your disadvantage?
How long will the people of the West pay trans-
portation and profits on articles that they will
make then as cheaply as you do now?
A strong objection may be made to this bill
from its pecuniary consequences. When those
lands are given away, no dollar can come into
your Treasury from that source. You will then
have to look to other means of revenue to sustain
the oo^ts of the system incurred by surveys, re-
gisters* offices, General Land Office at this place,
I together with the payment of Indian annuities'
| already amounting to many millions incident to !
j the purchase of those lands. i
j Gentlemen may think it patriotic if they advance i
the interest of their particular State or district. 1
This may be so. But to have a regard t-> equality j
of rights, to justice, to constitutional obligation, !
constitutes, in my opinion, a much better, and the j
American definition of that term. j
Mr. SWI5f£TSER. Mr. Chairman, my object |
in rising is not to speak to the pro forma amend- ]
ment of the honorable gentleman from Virginia, j
but to reply to the remarks of the honorable gen- j
tleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Johnson.] I am at j
issue with him, and with his amendment to the j
original bill, which was submitted to the House |
on the 30th March last, the principles of which
amendment he has made the subject of his re- i
marks this day. ' |
That amendment limits the benefits of \hia
measure tq native citizens, and to foreigners who
are residents and citizens of the United States on
the 1st day of January, 1852.
Now, sir, I am opposed to any sueh limitation.
I am in favor of extending1 this bounty of the
Government to the landless, now residents of the
United States, irrespective of any limitation as to
the place or time of their birth. I do not wish to
be misunderstood in relation to this matter. Iam
in favor of the bill and the principles it involves,
in the most liberal sense; and do not .wish,to see
any invidious distinctions made between native
born, or naturalized citizens. Nor do I wish-to
confine its provisions to the present inhabitants of
this country. It is said if we extend its benefits
to the future, it will be an invitation to the
landless of Europe—be it so. I desire that the
whole world may know and appreciate the munif-
icence of this (Government; and' that its policy
proclaims an invitation to the downtrodden and
famished Irishman, the prudent and enterprising
Dutchman, and the landless and destitute of all
countries. That the United States of America
has enough and. to spare, and that " giving doth
not impoverish, or withholding enrich/' We
have territory enough for all that will seek our
shores and become tillers of the soil. Our object
is to bring our vacant lands into cultivation, and
to develop our resources. We want for that pur-
pose strong anus and patriotic hearts^ and we calre
not from what country they come, or at what pe-
riod they arrive, if they come with the intention
of making our happy country their home, and cast
their lot among us, and are willing to take up
their abode on our Western frontier—make their
declaration of intention to become citizens of the
United States. Let them enter and take posses-
sion; and after an occupancy of Jive years, and
when they shall have perfected their intention,
by becoming citizens in conformity to law, they
shall have my vote, and the aid of my voice, to
extend to them the benefits of this bill.
Sir, T regret that myhberal and honorable friend
should have seen fit to offer an amendment, and to
lend his aid to a proposition that will mar the
beauty and throw a shade over this great measure.
The honorable gentleman will recollect that, in all
our contests, when we call for volunteers,.(as was
the case m the late Mexican war,) the foreigners
upon our shores, aliens and citizens, volunteered
and shed their blood for the honor of our flag on
every battle-field in Mexico. Many a gallant
spirit, who has manifested his attachment for our
Government by fighting under our J1agt has a
brother, perhaps a father, who has been induced
to seek out our country for his future home, by
the inducements held out in this bill, and may be
now on the billow, with all he possesses, ana all
that is dear to him, stimulated by the provisions
of this bill.
Sir, since this measure has been mooted in Con-
gress, and sustained by an enlightened expression
of public opinion, the conviction has been fixed
upon the country that our public domain must be '
surrendered to the actual settlers—to the man who
would clear up the wilderness, defend the frontier,
and submit to deprivation, disease, and death, for
the benefit of a coming generation, because such
has been, and will always be, the fate} of the pio-
neer. Sir, the object of the Government is to dis-
charge the trust, and to so dispose of the public
domain that the'whole people will be fairly dealt'
by, and that the lands may be brought into culti-
vation, the resources of the country developed,
and the improved lands share the burdens of Gov-
ernment by taxation.
That object being accomplished, will an enlight-
ened "statesman ever inquire whether this mighty
work has been accomplished by a native-born citi-
zen, or a foreigner, or at what period the foreigner
emigrated? I think not.
I confess that my desires are to extend the
blessings that will result from this measure to the
whole race.
Yet I shall content myself with any and all the
amendments which the committee may make to
the bill. If I cannot embrace all, I will not picture
to the committee the spectacle of a brother or
father, of a fortunate man, who emigrated in time
to be a recipient—who may settle down beside a
more fortunate relation, and pay $1 25 for their
lands. Such a picture would not b& gratifying to
the honorablegentleman who advocate® this amend-
