366
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 28,
receive a pension from the day of the death of her
father. Let the bill be read.
The bill was accordingly read.
Mr. BADGER. The bill is all right as it stands.
Mr. BAYARD. I think not.
Mr. BADGER. It does not provide that .she
shall have^pension from the day of the death, as
the Senator supposes. It is, 1' that the Commis-
' sioner of Pensions be directed to allow to Julia
' Aiken the pension she would have been entitled
' to receive, under the provisions of the first sec-
' tion of the act of 3d March, 1837, providing for
•the more equitable administration of the Navy
'pension fund, if her claim had been allowed by
' the Secretary of the Wavy while that act was in
' force." It does not say that she shall receive a
pension from the year 1801 
Mr. BAYARD. The report evidently goes
beyond that.
Mr. BADGER. But the report is not the ques-
tion under discussion. The bill is all we have to
do with.«
Mr. HALE. I shall not interpose any objec-
tion to the bill, but I want the Senate to under-
stand the principle which we are about to estab-
lish. I understand it to be this: Here is a claim
existing under the law of 1837; application is
made to the proper Department for the settlement
of that claim under the law; the claimant fails
in "his claim, owing to some peculiar rules estab-
lished by that Department, and the law authorizing
the claim is subsequently repealed. The Senate,
in that case, is determined .to give equitable re-
lief 
Mr. BADGER. We have done it in many
other cases. , .
Mr. HALE. I know we have done it in many
other cases, but not under a law that has been re-
pealed. That is all. I have no objection to the
bill.
The bill was then reported to the Senate, and
the question was on its engrossment for a third
reading.
Mr. NORRIS. I ask for the yeas and nays on
its engrossment.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and on being
taken resulted—yeas 26, nays 9; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Bayard, Borland,
Cuss, Clarke, Dodge of Wisconsin, Downs, Fish, Geyer,
Hale, James, Jones of Iowa, Jones of Tennessee, King,
Mallory. McRae, Mangum, Miller, Sebastian, Shields,
Smith, Bou|£, Spruance," Upham, and Wade—26.
NAXS—Messrs. Bell, Bradbury, Dawson, Dodge of
Iowa, Felch, Hamlin, Norris, Underwood, and Whit-
comb—9.
JONATHAN KEARSLEY AND JOHN BIDDLE.
The Senate then proceeded, as in Committee of
the Whole, to consider the bill to provide for the
final settlement of the accounts of Jonathan Kears-
ley, late receiver of public moneys at Detroit, and
of John Biddle, late register of the land office at
that place.
The bill was read. It provides that the proper
accounting officers of the Treasury be, and they
are thereby required to audit and settle the ac-
counts of Jonathan Kearsley and of John Biddle,
upon principles of equity and justice, and that
■whatever sum or sums of money, if any, which
may be found due to them, or to either of them,
shall be paid out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropiiated.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. BRADBURY called for the reading of the
report of the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. PELCH. 1 will make a single statement,
which will perhaps be sufficient. The object of
the bill is to enable the Department to settle some
suspended items in the accounts of these individ-
uals. The items are for money paid by them
under certain exigencies which rendered it neces- .
sary. The rule of the Department was to allow
such accounts, and they have been allowed m
numerous instances which are alluded to in the
report. But some technical objection was started
to some item in the accounts, and the Department
refused to pass upon it. Since that time Congress
have passed several bills fonnded upon the same
principle as that involved in this case. This bill
is to carry out the same principle in regard to the
accounts of the individuals named in it, as was
recognized in the settlement of the accounts of
others.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading.
MAISON ROUGE GRANT.
Mr. --DOWNS. I would call the attention of
the Chair to a private bill on the Calendar, which
has been passed over. It is a bill to grant the
right of preemption to settlers on the public land
known as theMaison Rouge Grant.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair did not view
it as a private bill, and therefore passed it over.
It is a bill to grant the right of preemption.
Mr. DOWNS. But it applies only to a few
individuals. I consider that it is a private claim.
It applies only to one particular claim, and em-
braces but a few persons.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair does not con-
sider that it is a private bill; but he will bring it
to the notice of the Senate that they may decide
upon it. The Senator from Louisiana has called
the attention of the Chair to a bill which he insists
is a private bill. The Chair entertains a different
opinion, but submits the subject to the considera-
tion of the Senate. It is a bill to grant the right
of preemption to settlers on the public land known
as the Maison Rouge Grant. The Chair leaves jt
to the Senate to decide whether it is a private bill
or not.
Mr. DOWNS. It applies altogether to a few
settlers on one particular grant of land. I sup-
pose there can be no doubt that a bill giving the
right of preemption to one individual would be a
private bill. If it is not I do not know what it is,
then. If the grant to one individual be a private
bill, how the extending of it to two or three makes
it a public bill I am at a loss to know. I think
we frequently pass bills as private which apply to
a number of individuals. It strikes me that there
is no difficulty in this matter. I do not under-
stand that private bills apply altogether to money.
There may be private claims to lands as well as
to money. This is a private claim for the right of
preemption. It applies to only this one grant.
Of course the number of individuals is limited.
There was an act passed at the last session ex-
tending the right of preemption, as was thought,
to all the settlers on the land mentioned in the
bill, but it was found that a few were excluded,
and this bill is intended to give them the right. I
hope the Senate will consider it as a private bill.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair does not con-
sider it a private bill, because it is not a claim.
The individuals for whose benefit it is intended,
simply ask of Congress to extend to them a priv-
ilege. Almost every bill on the Calendar would
be considered a private bill, if the rule were
adopted, that because some individual had an in-
terest in it, it was a private bill.
Mr. DOWNS. I do not understand the dis-
tinction.
The PRESIDENT. The order which was
made by the Senate is, that Fridays shall be set
apart for the consideration of private claims.
Mr. DOWNS. I thought it was private bills.
I should like to hear the order read.
It was read as follows:
RcaolvcA, That after the first day of January next. Friday
of each week shall be set aside for the eonsideiation of pn
vate claims, and that on that day private bills shall have
priority over all other bu&mess,
Mr. DOWNS. I cannot understand the dis-
tinction which is made by the Chair. It must
consist in the setting up of a claim for money.
The individuals for whose benefit the bill is in-
tended, claim a right which they ask to be granted
to them. It is a bill altogether of a private nature.
If the Chair decides that it is not a private bill, as
1 wish the question settled, I shall take an appeal
from the decision.
The PRESIDENT. If the Senator had list-
ened to the Chair, he would have undeistood that
the Chair, so far from deciding that it was not a
private bill, merely said that he individually be-
lieved that it was not, but that it was for the Sen-
ate to decide whether they would consider it as
such or not; and in order that the Senate may de-
termine that, the bill will be read.
The bill was read. It enacts that every person
being the head of a family, or widow, or single
man over the age of twenty-one years, who, prior
to January 27, 1851, was an actual settler on the
public lands known as theMaison Rouge Grant, in
the State of Louisiana, or his heirs and legal rep-
resentatives, shall be entitled to enter land, not
exceeding one hundred and sixty acres, or one
quarter section, the said land^to include the resi-
dence and improvement of such settler, at the
minimum price of said land, on such terms and
under such limitations as are contained in the act
entitled "An actto grant the right of preemption to
certain settlers on the Maison Rouge Grant, in the
event of the final adjudication in favor of the title
of the United States,'" approved January 22,1851.
The question being put, the Senate decided that
it was not a private bill.
RECESS.
Mr. BADGER. I move that when the Senate
adjourns to-day, it adjourn to meet on Monday
next.
Mr. HALE called for the yeas and nays on the
motion; and they were ordered; and being^aken,
resulted—yeas 31, nays 10: as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Bayaid, Bell, Ber-
rien, Borland, Bradbury, Clarke, Davis, Dawson, Felch,
Fish, Geyer, Hamlin, Hunter, James, Jones of Tennessee,
Kmc, McRae. Mangum, Miller, Norris, Sebastian, Shields,
Smith, Soule, Spruance, Underwood, Upham, Wade, and
Whitcomb—31.
NAYS—Messrs. Cass, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of
Iowa, Douglas, Downs, Hale, Houston, Jones of Iowa,
Mallory, and Walker—10.
So the motion was agreed to.
ISAAC GARRETSON.
The Senate then proceeded, as in Committee of
the Whole, to consider the bill for the relief of
John R.Bryan, administrator of Isaac Garretson,
deceased, late a Purser in the United States Navy,
upon which the Committee on Naval Affairs had
made an adverse report.
The report was read, from which it appears
that Mr. Garretson was a Purser from 1822 to
1829, at the Baltimore station, under a salary of
forty dollars a month and two rations; that on the
settlement of his accounts he was found tto be m
arrears to the amount of $1,293 64, for which a
suit was instituted against his administrator.
This, balance is proposed to be overcome by a
charge of $200 per annum for house rent during
his period of service at Baltimore, which would,
result in a balance against the United States.
The credit claimed for house rent was properly
disallowed by the Auditor, upon the ground that
there was no authority for the allowance; that, on
the contrary, the allowance of house rent was dis-
continued in 1821. Mr. Garretson accepted the
appointment after the order discontinuing the
allowance was made, and the Department refused
to allow the rent at that station until 1831, when
it was thought proper to allow $200 per annum.
The effect of this allowance being granted to the
estate of Garretson would be to overrule the dis-
cretion exercised by the Department in refusing
the allowanfilwBDr house rent, and therefore the
committee couia not recommend it. It is to be
presumed that the Secretary of the Navy was
better able to understand what was for the public
interest on this point than the Senate. Upon
these considerations the committee recommended
that the bill should not pass.
Mr. MANGUM? I move that the bill lie on
the table. I introduced the bill at the request of
the gentleman, without having an opportunity of
looking into it. According to that report, the
claim does not seem to be well founded.
The motion was agreed to.
  CAPTAIN ERASTUS A. CAPRON.
The Senate next proceeded, as in Committee of
the Whole, to consider the bill for the relief of the
children of Captain Erastus A. Capron.
The bill enacts that the Secretary of the Interior
be directed to pay to the children of the late Cap-
tain Capron, of the first regiment of artillery of the
Army of the United States, the same amount of
pension that was allowed to Harriet R. F. Capron
—said pension to commence from and after the
first day of January, 1852, and to continue for
five years.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I move to amend the
bill, by inserting " twentieth day of August,
1852," in place of " first day of January, 1852;"
| which will make the pension to commence at the
i expiration of the first five years of the pension
j which was granted to the widow of Captain Ca-
! pron.
' The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FELCH called for the reading of the re-
port of the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. There was a report
made at the last session in favor of a pension for
the widow of Captain Capron, whicli may be
read.
