2142
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 9,
knew him best, to the seat in this House now so
suddenly and so mournfully made vacant.
But Mr. Rantoul found time, and possessed
taste and aptitude, .for other services besides those
of a strictly political or professional character.
His natural instincts and moral culture led him to
engage in worthier and nobler occupations. He
was, certainly for very many years, and I believe
during all the active part of his life, an earnest,
devoted temperance man, a temperance advocate
and lecturer, leaving home and the emoluments of
his profession to visit and even traverse distant
parts of the State to preach the gospel of this great
reformation. To him, among others, is Massa-
chusetts indebted for her present advanced position
in this world-renovating enterprise—an enterprise
which, if successful, will enlarge the imprisoned
angels of joy whose home is the fireside and the
domestic altar, while it will send to penal chains
and darkness the demons who have so long
usurped their place.
Mr. Rantoul adhered to this cause steadfastly,
5< through evil report;" for, in its early, and even
its maturer days, it had no " good report." He
resisted the solicitations of the abandoned to
abandon this great reform, and rejected the unholy
honors with which they tempted him to disloyalty.
Who would now exchange his consciousness for
theirs!
In 1837, Mr. Rantoul was appointed by Gov-
ernor Everett and his Council one of the original
members of the Massachusetts Board of Educa-
tion. This office he held for six years, and until
it expired by its own limitation. He was an
active and most intelligent member of the Board.
He was a wise counsellor and a faithful friend of
that cause, then imp'ugnedand contested, but now
so deeply seated in the affections of the people
that it would be as difficult to obliterate it from
our social polity as to expunge the judiciary itself.
While a member of the Board, Mr. Rantoul
wrote a very able article on the subject of educa-
tion for the number of the North American Review
published October, 1838.
Mr. Rantoul devoted vast attention and re-
search to the still vexed question of capital pun-
ishment; and perhaps it may be said that no man
is fitted fully to discuss this theme without read-
ing what he has written.
In the course of his life, Mr. Rantoul has ad-
dressed many literary societies, made political
speeches almost innumerable, and has been en-
gaged in legal causes of great magnitude and diffi-
culty; and one thing may be affirmed of all his
public performances: he never fell below the oc-
casion, never disappointed the expectations of his
most sanguine friends. No greater misfortune
can befall a man than to be elevated to a post to
which his talents or attainments are unequal.
The same man who has been respected and hon-
ored in a subordinate sphere may become ridic-
ulous and contemptible m a higher one, to which
injudicious friends may advance him. Though
it may be the same man, yet we judge of his size
by the height of the pedestal on which he stands.
He may seem of full stature when near the
ground, but dwindle to a pigmy on the top of a
column. Hence every promotion has its risk.
Mr. Rantoul encountered all such risks, and not
only escaped but always triumphed. Each suc-
cessive increase in the height of his pedestal only
showed his large proportions to better advantage.
Though mainly dependent upon his own exer-
tions for a livelihood, yet Mr. Rantoul had time
for study, and means for libraries and other aux-
iliaries of eminence, because he never had any
time-consuming or mind-weakening vices. He
kept himself clean and pure from the miserable
personal indulgences of the epicure and the bon
vivarit, which eat away time and consume means,
and set so many a young man back m the race of
life, and though often more attractive than alarm-
ing at first, generally develop and mature into full-
grown and hideous vices afterwards. Jn absti-
nence, in industry, in system, he was a pattern
for young men. He lengthened life by beginning
to perform its duties early.
Mr. Rantoul's mind was singularly keen and
acute. Yet he did not use his keenness and acu-
men as they are so often used, to cut and pierce at
random, but to strike the joint and trace out the
marrow of whatever subject he disserted. The
working of his faculties was rather judicial than j
forensic. Logic predominated over rhetoric, i
Words were his counters, not his coin. The
spectator-was less struck by the glitter of his bat-
tle-axe than by the precision of its blow. He
was of two kindly a nature to generate much sa-
tire; yet against oppression and fraud he could be
severe. Either consciously or unconsciously, he
recognized the great truth that no moral being can
see virtue and vice as they are, and the eternal
antagonism between them, and love the former
without hating the latter. He who thinks it his
duty to look complacently upon wrong mistakes
torpidity of conscience for charity.
Mr. Rantoul's attainments were all in harmony
with his original cast of mind—notshowy ,but solid;
not gathered for ostentation, but for use. There
was depth enough in his stream of thought to
make a score of brawling rivulets. In promiscu-
ous company, while the conversation roamed and
floated over the levities of literature or the frivoli-
ties of history, I have known him to sit by the
hour almost dumb; but when the conversation
struck into the depth and heart of things, when it
discussed the great events that join and articulate
the history and fortunes of mankind, then sud-
denly it became his turn to shine; arid he would
set forth his principles, and march up his close
battalia of facts and arguments for their support,
till the rash disputant who encountered him would
require a library of books and months of time to
study up to his positions.
So far as my knowledge extends, I am not aware
that any imputation of personal dishonor or dis-
honesty ever rested for an hour upon his name;
which, for a man so extensively engaged in busi-
ness and in politics as he was, is the highest cer-
tificate of his being that " noblest work of God,"
an honest man. Foryears I knew him well, and
saw him frequently; and, though differing from
him on many points, yet I have said to his oppo-
nents a thousand times, and I now say it to the
world, I believed him to be honest and sincere.
A political man should not be condemned without
some great, irrefragable, luminous proof of his
blameworthiness; and surely no such can be al-
leged against Mr. Rantoul.
But, sir, 1 will not pursue these remarks, each
sentence of which is a fresh remembrancer of our
loss. In the vigor of his manhood; his disciplin ed
faculties all ready and eager for effort; his stores
of knowledge wonderfully full; his fame already
bright and high, though not yet culminated, he
has been suddenly stricken down. I do not say
that this proclaims to us the vanity and worthless-
ness of life; for that is a doctrine I do not believe;
but do not its admonitions strike us with a voice
" loud on the heart as thunder on the ear," pro-
claiming that it is only those acts of duty and be-
nevolence which survive the actor, and whose
effects go on widening and deepening in an un-
ending progression of beneficence after we have
departed, that can give true dignity and beauty
and nobleness to our transitory existence upon
earth ? If, as I believe, death is but an event in
life, our Book of Judgment, our rewards and pen-
alties in another world, may at least partly con-
sist in our beholding the consequences, then fated
and inexorable, of our former conduct.
While remembering the widow and the orphan
sons of the deceased, there is a venerable form in
that group of family mourners who must not be
forgotten. Mr. Rantoul the senior, is a gentleman
of more than three score and ten years, of great
worth and excellence of private character; for
many years a member of one branch or the other
of our State Legislature, and universally respect-
ed. Of his eight children, six have now gone be-
fore him. Our friend, my colleague, was his only
surviving son. In such a case truly it may be said,
" 'tis the survivor dies." A lone and solitarypa-
rent, bereft of his children, has been compared to
an aged tree, stripped of its foliage and its limbs,
and casting its shade by its trunk, and not by its
branches—
" Trunco, non fiondibus cfficit umbrain."
Oh, may the Spirit of God descend with healing,
when this last arrow pierces that aged heart!
Mr. Speaker, I move the adoption of the follow-
ing resolutions:
Resolved, That this House has received with deep sensi-
bility the announcement ofthe death ofHonorahle Robert
Rantoul, jr., a member of this House from the State of
Massachusetts.
Resolved, That this House tenders to the family of the
deceased the expression of its sympathy on this affecting
event; and, as a testimony of respect for his memory, the
members and officers of this House will wear the usual
hadge of mourning for thirty days.
Resolved, That the Clerk of this House be directed to
communicate a copy of these proceedings to the family of
the deceased, and also to the Senate.
Resolved, That, as a further testimony of respect for the
deceased, this House do now adjourn.
Mr. FOWLER. Mr. Speaker, in seconding
the resolutions just read, as my feelings prompt
me, I trust the House will indulge me while I add
a few words to what has been so appropriately
and eloquently said by my honorable colleague,
who has just taken his seat.
Death, always an impressive messenger, has in
this instance stricken down the man strong in in-
tellect, high in career, buoyant in hope, noble in
purpose. The arm upon which parental love re-
lied for support with a parent's confidence is pal-
sied in death; the heart which the purest connu-
bial affection hath long shared has ceased to beat;
the voice to which filial reverence was accustomed
to listen will no more be heard. " This is the last
of earth !" The sorrow that springs from such a
visitation of Providence is too deep for description.
In the death of such a son and such a Rep-
resentative as the Hon. Robert Rantoul, jr.,
the Commonwealth of Massachusetts has suffered
a loss which will be long and deeply felt. The
home and domestic circle which this sudden and
severe affliction has made desolate, share, I am
sure, our sincerest sympathies.
The body of our respected associate is given
back to dust; his spirit is returned to Him who
gave it. Let us who linger behind for a brief
season, be admonished and instructed by this im-
pressive dispensation. May the hand of Provi-
dence, thus visible in the midst of us, direct us all
to a more faithful discharge of the responsible
duties imposed upon us; and may His Spirit lead
each of us to a firmer and purer faith in Him who
ever liveth, who is the resurrection and the life,
and who hath said, <4he that believeth in me,
though he were dead, yetshall he live; and whoso-
ever liveth and believeth in me, shall never die.'9
I offer the following, in connection with the res-
olutions already presented:
Whereas the family of Mr. Rantoul having determined
to proceed yesterday to Massachusetts with his remains for
interment, and the Speakerof this Househavingdesignated
a committee to accompany them—
Resolved, That the Clerk of this House be directed to
pay from the contingent fund of this House, and place at
the disposal of said comnntee for the funeral expenses of
the Hon. Mr. Rantoul, a sum equal to that usually ex-
pended m such cases, to be ascertained and drawn for by
the committee.
Mr. McLANAHAN. Mr. Speaker, the mourn-
ful announcement that has just been made by the
honorable member from the State of Massachu-
setts of the death of Mr. Rantoul, one of his col-
leagues, will, I trust, warrant me in making a few
remarks on this sad occasion.
How sudden, how unexpected to all of us was
this event! But a very few days ago he occupied,
as he has done during this session, the seat that is
now vacant at my side; but a very few days ago
he went forth from this Hall never more to return,
for even then the shadow of the wing of the angel
of death rested upon him. His active and ener-
getic spirit has taken its departure from earth, and
the grave has added to its mouldering trophies the
remains of a distinguished man.
Sir, this sudden, sad, startling event is sugges-
tive to all. Its language of warning, admonition,
and direction to each one of us is, "Be ye also
ready."
I never had any personal acquaintance with Mr.
Rantoul until I met him in this Hall, nearly nine
months ago. And although there was a wicle dif-
ference in some of our political principles and
opinions, both in regard to constitutional law and
national policy, our personal intercourse has bal-
ways been most agreeable. The wisdom of the
philosopher, the toleration of the Christian, and
the politeness of the gentleman ever seemed to dic-
tate and control his conduct towards all who en-
tertained sentiments not in accordance with his
own; and it was therefore that his intercourse
with the members of this House, generally, was
of the most pleasing character.
Mr. Rantoul is well known to have been all
his lifetime a most sedulous student. Possessing
a mind naturally prone to investigation, with un-
common power of analysis—a metaphysical sub-
tilty to discriminate, and an iron memory to re-
tain whatever he acquired—it is not to be wondered
