1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1279
that that amendment is not in order, because it is
equivalent to a vote on the adoption of the amend-
ment. The question now pending is on the adop-
tion of the amendment.
Mr. SACKETT. Then I move, as a pro forma
amendment, to strike out" 52," and insert " 54."
I hope the committee will indulge me in a little
latitude of remark upon this very limited amend-
ment. My object m offering it is to say a few
words on the subject of the classification, or i-ather
the limitation of the citizens to whom the bounties
of .this bill are to apply. I think that all these
limitations should be stricken out.
jfe Now, if I understand the objects of this bill,
Ipfne of the great and important objects to be ob-
tained by it is, that the public lands may become
settled, occupied, and cultivated; and that the con-
sequences to the Government, to grow out of the
bill, are consequences to arise from the settlement
and cultivation of the public lands. If that be so,
clearly there should be no distinction as to who
should have the right of enjoying the bounties
provided by this bill.
Now, this bill is not solely intended as a giatu-
ity. If it is intended as a gratuity, why, then,
the bounty is only provided for a certain class of
citizens. This is wrong m principle. But gratu-
ity is not the great foundation on which the bill
stands. It is a bill, according to its title, for the
settlement of the public lands, to promote agri-
culture, to promote commerce, to promote manu-
factures—in other words, to promote the general
interests of the country. The benefits offered by it
are indeed of immense consequence to the people;
but that is not the sole principle on which it stands.
If this be so, what propriety is there in saying
that any one particular citizen or class of citizens
shall be the beneficiaries under the law, or instru-
mentality through which this benefit shall arise to
the Government? If benefit is to arise to the Gov-
ernment, it will arise from the occupation of the
land by one citizen as well as by another. I in-
tend, at the proper time, to move to strike out all
that part of the bill that provides for this limita-
tion, so that the section will read, that every citi-
zen of the United States, of the age of twenty-one
years, shall be entitled to the benefits of the law.
•If we are to act upon the principle which the par-
ticular friends of this bill say it is based upon, I
can see no propriety in the distinction provided,
that limits its benefits to heads of families, and
cuts off* every young man in the country. I be-
lieve in the soundness of the principle which I
have stated. I am in favor of the passage of a
bill based upon such a principle; I believe it will
promote agriculture; I believe it will promote com-
merce; I believe it will advance the general inter-
est of the community. I am in favor of the prin-
ciple of the measure, but let the nation at large,
and all the citizens at large, have the benefit of the
provisions of the bill.
I will not now undertake to say what my views
may be, m regard to the details of this particular
bill. But in regard to this section, I wish to state
that, at the proper time, I shall move an amend-
ment to give each citizen, after he has attained the
age of twenty-one years, the benefit of the provis-
ions of this bill.
I am also in favor of securing its provisions to
such adopted citizens and foreigners who are per-
manent residents here, as may wish to avail them-
selves of it—I have no fear of the influence of
farmers, cultivators of the soil, whether born in
this or a foreign country.
Mr. HOWARD. I am opposed, to the amend-
ment, for the reason that it enlarges the operation
of the bill. We are told that the object of this bill
is to provide, gratuitously, homes for the poor.
Now, I wish to know under what provision of the
Constitution we have a right to establish charities
within the States, or elsewhere? Have we a right
to give away the public treasure for the purpose
of establishing charitable institutions in any State?
And if we have no right to give away the public
money, by what species of reasoning do you ar-
rive at the conclusion that we have a right to give
away the public lands, or any other public prop-
erty, to create a great national alms-house for the
benefit of the people of this country? Sir, it strikes
me that there is no sound distinction, and that
none can be drawn between the public lands and
other public property, in the power to give away.
We have no right to give away the public money
or the public property for these objects. It does
not come within any of the provisions of the Con-
stitution which clothe us with Federal power.
But, if it were constitutional, where is this thing
to stop ? This year you give to the poor men the
public lands. Next year, the men who live in the
cities will come and say, " You have given away j
our public property, you have given away the
common property, in which we are all inter-
ested 
Mr. CABLE, of Ohio, (interrupting.) I rise
to a question of order. The five-minute rule re-
quires that the speakers shall confine themselves
to speaking in favor of, or in opposition to, the
pending amendment, and not go into the merits
of the bill at large.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
that the rule requires gentlemen to confine them-
selves to the discussion of the amendment before
the committee.
Mr. HOWARD. I am doing it.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair was about to
say that he does not think the gentleman from
Texas is wandering from the question now before
the committee.
Mr. HOWARD. I am confining myself to
the merits of the amendment, which enlarges the
operation of the bill.
Well, sir, what is to be the result of this thing?
Why, next year the men who are not land-own-
ers—the manufacturers, the mechanics, and arti-
sans— will come and say, "You have given away
the public lands in which we were jointly inter-
ested; we do not understand farming; we cannot
avail ourselves of this law; but inasmuch as you
have given away our property, now make us
equal by giving us money with which to buy
bread, and fuel, and raiment." And how can
you answer them? Sir, this bill, in my humble
estimation, is a wilder scheme of socialism than
the French socialist ever dreamed of in his wildest
visions. Whatdidheask for? All he ever asked
was, that the Government should furnish him em-
ployment by which he could earn the means of
procuring food and raiment. But now you come
aud say that you will buy lands and actually give
a farm and a home to every man in the country
who is not worth a certain amount, or, rather, to
every man, no matter how much he may be worth
—for I believe the limitation has been stricken
out. Sir, where is all this thing to stop? What
is to be the end of it ? When once you embark
in this system of national largess—of federal do-
nation, there will be no end to the evils of it.
One partition of lands will be followed by another,
and the gift of land by that of money and food.
Sir, it is one of the signs of the times not the
least significant, that almost all the candidates for
the Presidency—" old fogies " and all—have de-
clared themselves in favor of some provision of
this sort. And how long will k be, if you em-
bark in this system, before the presidential office
will be put up at auction to the candidate who
will promise the largest donations to the landless
in the shape of homes and farms?
1 believe that this measure, if it prevails, is one
fraught with infinite mischief, and that it will have
precisely the opposite effect fiom that which is
contemplated by the distinguished gentleman who
introduced it, and whose motives m this matter I
know are good. I have lived "on the frontier long
enough to see the operation of all such measures
as this. Wherever you give away property, the
possessor of that property, who acquires it for
nothing, esteems it at little or no value, and is
willing to transfer it for a very moderate compen-
sation. The natural result of this measure will be
to throwthepublicdomain into the hands ofafew
monopolists, and to place it beyond the reach of j
the honest cultivator, who desires a home for him- '
self and his family. This has uniformly been the
effect of holding lands at so cheap a rate as to in-
duce large investments of capital in its purchase.
The question being upon Mr. Sackett's amend-
ment, to strike out " two" and insert "four"—
Mr. SACKETT, by unanimous consent, with-
drew it.
Mr. STANLY. Is it in oiMer to amend that
section ?
The CHAIRMAN. Not until the vote is taken
upon the amendment offered by the Committee on
Agriculture.
Mr. ALLISON. I desire to amend the original
bill.
The CHAIRMAN. That is not now in order.
MV. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. But is not an
amendment now in order to this section?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will again state
that an amendmentis not in order until the vote
has been taken upon the amendment proposed by
the Committee on Agriculture.
Mr. MANN. I have an amendment which I
wish to offer to the section, to come in in the^elev-
enth line.
The CHAIRMAN. It is not in order until the
vote has been taken upon the pending amend-
ment.
Mr. MANN. That is the very amendment
which I wish to amend. I wish to offer an amend-
ment to that amendment, to come m in the elev-
enth line.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair must again in-
form the gentleman that the part proposed to be
amended by him is not the amendment of the Com-
mittee on Agriculture, but a part of the original
section; and it is not, therefore, in order.'
Tire question was then taken upon the amend-
ment offered by the Committee on Agriculture; and
it was not agreed to.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois. I ask now, if
an amendment is in order to the amendment offered
by the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Johnson,]
which 1 understand is now before the committee?
The CHAIRMAN. If there be no further
amendment to the original action, it will be in
order.
Mr. SACKETT. I have an amendment to offer
to the original section.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to the original section. 1 move to strike out
the word "citizen," and insert the word "resi-
dent. "
Mr. Chairman, this is the substance of an
amendment which I did intend to offer to the
amendment of thegentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Johnson.] . I am aware that amendments are fre-
quently resorted to by the enemies of a measure,
for the purpose of securing its rejection. But, sir,
in offering the principle which my amendment is
intended to assert, I apprehend that I am in no
danger of rendering myself obnoxious to any such
charge; because, I yield to no man upon this
floor, in sinceiity and zeal, for the legislative as-
sertion of the great principle contained in this bill.
Indeed I feel a little of remorse that 1 did not avail
myself of the sixty minute instead of the five min-
ute rule, to which I am now confined, for the pur-
pose of giving utterance to my views upon this
great question; not that I have the vanity to
suppose that I could add anything new to that
which has already been so eloquently, so strongly,
so fervently, and so argumentatively urged by the
several distinguished gentlemen who have partici-
pated in this discussion, and in doing so,an earn-
est expectation which very many of my constit-
uents had just reason to entertain would have been
realized, and another voice, feeble as it is, would
have been heard in this Hall, in vindication of the
rights of oppressed labor.
The amendment which I propose, relieves the
bill of what I conceive to bean odious distinction,
and an unjust restriction. Instead of confining the
benefits of the measure to the native-born citizen,
or natural citizen, it gives it a wider range, and
allows all those who are hereafter to come to this
country with the intention of making it their resi-
dence—of making it their homes. I desire that
when they shall come here and declare their in-
tention, under "the laws of the United States, to
become naturalized citizens of this Republic, they
shall be placed upon an equal footing with those
of their countrymen more fortunate than them-
selves, and who, by this bill, are made participants
in all the benefits and all the privileges which it is
intended to confer.
If I correctly comprehend the principle upon
which this whole measure rests, it is not, as it has
been represented to be, an actualgiftof a hundred
and sixty acres of the public domain to all who
are filling to receive it, but it is a sale made by
the Government to the citizen for a valuable con-
sideration, indeed a more valuable consideration
than $1 25 per acre. The settler, under the pro-
visions of this bill, instead of paying for the land
in gold and silver, pays for it with the labor of his
own hands: this is the only difference. Under
our present system, the foreigner can purchase
with money as much land as he may see fit. By
what rule, then, would you excludethe same class
