1280
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 6.
of people from paying for one hundred and sixty
acres with his labor instead of dollars and cents r
If the danger consists in allowing foreigners to
hold real estate in this country before they have
become naturalized citizens, the objection is as
forcible in the one case as in the other; nay, more
so, because when a foreigner pays with his money
for the land he purchases from the Government,
he feels under no particular obligations to the Gov-
" ernment; but when he will receive under the gen-
erous and hurtiane provisionsvjf this bill, he will
feel inspired with sentiments of the profoundest
gratitude to the Government of his adoption. I
do not belong'to that class that tremble and grow
p&le whenever they hear of a foreigner landing on
our shores lest he bring with him the elements of
destruction and disunion. Much less am 1 dis-
posed to eacourage that still narrower prejudice
Which we too frequently hear urged against our
foreign population—-I mean that which relates to
their religions faith. I for one, sir, say, let them
come, and bring: their religion along with them; 1
would not have them without it. While the ge-
nius of religious toleration has an abiding place in
the country of Washington, the oppressed and
persecuted of all lands will find a vine and a fig-
tree, under which they can worship their Creator
according to the dictates of their own conscience,
and there will be none found to molest them or
make them afraid. • But, sir, if there is any class
I would exclude from all participation in the ben-
efits of this bill, it would be those who say in their
hearts, "there is no God."
One of the greatest, and indeed the main object
which this bill is intended to achieve, is the settle-
ment, cultivation, and productive improvement of
the public lands; and what difference does it make
whether this great end be attained by native or
foreign sinews ? Without labor, of what value is
your vast public domain? If your hills were
gold, and your valleys silver, the earth would not
be one grain of wheat the richer. There is no
real wealth, except the labor of man. I am for
that policy, sir, that will throw open our vast and
almost boundless prairies to the hardy sons of
toil, no matter from what country they may
come. That which was intended for all, the few
have no right to appropriate to their own exclu-
sive benefit, while downtrodden millions starve
in the garrets of Europe, and cry from its caverns
that they, too, were created .heirs of the earth, and
claim its division. This, by some, may be called
agrarian in its tendency; but, fir, if to advocate a
policy which will feed, the hungry, clothe the
naked, reform the depraved, and give stability and
permanency to honest labor, then, sir, from my
Flace here, on the floor of the American Congress,
proclaim mvself to be 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HALL. I am opposed to the amendment
of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Campbell.]
I think we ought to confine the benefits of this bill
to the citizens of the United States. I am willing,
however, to include those who have come to the
country, and become citizens of the United States,
or who have declared their intentions to become
citizens hereafter.
My object in rising, however, is to notice a re-
remark made by the gentleman from Texas, [Mr.
Howard,) a remark which, 1 must confess, J was
a little astonished to hear coming from that quar-
ter. If I understand the drift of the gentleman's
argument, it is to declare the power asseited by
this bill as unconstitutional. Now, I have heai'd
this argument urged from other sources, but it
does seem to me, with all due respect to the gen-
tleman who offered it, that it. is as baseless as any
argument! have heard offered.
For what purpose does the Government of the
United States acquire territory ? Is it for the pur-
Cose of speculation? Is it for the purpose of
ringing money into the Treasury of the United
States? No, sir; it is for the purpose of extend-
ing our population over it. That was the only
purpose for which Louisiana was purchased-. It
was the great purpose for which Virginia ceded
her lands.
Mr. AVERSTT, (interrupting,) here made a
remark which was inaudible to the Reporter.
Mr. HALL, (continuing.) I have only five
minutes, and cannot yield to the gentleman.
Now, I say, every gentleman must know that
was the great argument, and it is the only argu-
ment ever urged in favor of the acqusition of terri-
tory by this Government. It is to cover it with
population, and not for the purpose of speculation.
Now, sir, if we acquire territory fortius purpose,
have we not the right to adopt the means which in
our judgment will most effectually secure that ob-
ject? The Constitution gives you no right to buy
muskets. Where, then, do you get the right?
Why, the right comes from the fact that they are
incident, to your Army. Your Army would be
useless without arms in their hands. The Consti-
tution of the United States nowhere says you have
the right to provide your Army with powder and
ball; and where do you get the right? You get it
from the fact that they are necessary to the effi-
ciency of your Army and Navy. There is where
you get it. But when you acquire territory, you
do it for the purpose of covering it with population;
and for the purpose of securing tUe great object of
that acquisition, you have the right to adopt the
means which you deem the best to secure a popu-
lation for that territory.
But the gentleman says it is contrary-to the
practice of the Government. I can tell the gen-
tleman that if he will examine the history of the
country he will find that it will go but avery little
way to confirm his—as , they seem to mes—very
narrow and contracted notions of public policy.
He will find that the policy of granting land to
actual settlers originated as early as the days of
George Washington. There is where he will find
it.
But the gentleman from Texas says that if you
adopt this policy to-day, and give the land to
actual settlers to-morrow, you will have to give
money to those who do not go upon the public
lands. Now, I ask the gentleman from Texas if
that is the fact in his own State? The laws of
Texas, I believe, grant lands to actual hettleis. If
I understand thcni, every man who goes into the
State and settles upon Texas lands, is entitled to
a certain quantity of lands, upon the condition of
occupancy.
Mr. HOWARD. Oh, that has been repealed.
Mr. HALL. Well, it was the law formerly,
and 1 ask the gentleman if the grants of lands
made under the provisions of that law induced the
citizens of Texas who were not recipients to come
and ask for gratuities out of the public treasury
of that State? We give pensions to men who
have been wounded in the service of the coun-
try; yet does it follow that you must give a gra-
tuity to a person who has never served in the Army
or Navy? But it is proposed to confine the bene-
fits of this provision to the citizens of the United
States. Now, if an individual comes hereafter to
this country, he may claim, that in justice, you
oujcht to give him a quarter section of land.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was then taken upon Mr. Camp-
bell's amendment, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. EVANS. Is it in order to move to strike
out the whole section?
The CHAIRMAN. Not in the opinion of the
Chair.
Mr. SACKETT. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to that section.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ma-
ryland is entitled to the floor.
Mr. EVANS. I shall not submit any motion
unless I can move to strikeout the whole section.
Mr. ALLISON. I move to strike out in the
third line, the words " who is the head of a
family."
Air. Chairman, we have been making amend-
ments, and striking out part? of sections, for the
purpose of preventing invidious distinctions being
made. Now, as i am in favor of that object being
carried out, I wish to make this amendment. 1
wish to strike out these words, because they make
a distinction against a very respectable portion of
our fellow-citizens, and very honorable, some of
whom are upon this floor. I should dislike very
much that one of my colleagues [Mr. Stevens]
should be prohibited from entering upon the pub-
lic lands, and appropriating onehundred and sixty
acres to himself, or that the worthy gentleman
from Tennessee, across the way, [Mr. Jones,] or
the distinguished gentleman from Maryland [Mr.
Evans] who has just taken his seat, should be
prohibited from appropriating one hundred and
sixty acres of the public domain. I wish that they
may have the same privilege that we have, who
are heads of families. It is wrong to make such
a distinction. I hope, further, that if this amend-
ment I have proposed shall be adopted, some of
the gallant gentlemen who occupy the positions
t have indicated, will have the gallantry to further
amend the bill, so as to provide that erne hundred
and sixty acres of land shall also be given to per-
sons of the opposite sex. [Laughter.] I believe
this amendment would be favorably received, and
particularly by those bachelor gentlemen who are
the most deeply interested.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I am opposed
to that amendment for many reasons. It seems
to embrace the principles upon which the gentle-
man from Texas opposes the bill generally. That
gentleman is the last one I expected to hear urge:p
upon this floor, the reasons that he has urged "
against the passage of this bill. In the first in-
stance, when we look to his own State, and that,
too, after he manifests such great astonishment at
this bill, denouncing it as the perfection of Fou-
rierism,how does the matter stand there? We
find that one of .the distinguished men of this na-
tion, [Mr. Houston]—an aspirant to the Presi-
dency of the United States, who has distinguished
himself in military, as well as in civil life, the in-
dividual we may say, who almost spoke Texas
into existence; the individual who has shed his
blood, and has periled his life and reputation that
Texas should be brought into existence—comes
forward with a similarproposition before the Sen-
ate of the United States, and he does not see any
agrarianism or any Fourierism in it. He does not
discover it.
The gentleman talks about gratuity. How long
has it been since Texas was the recipient of ten
millions of dollars at the hands of this Govern-
ment? Talk about vacant and unappropriated
teriitory! The territory she ceded to the United
States was but a song, and valueless. It was a
dead limb to Texas; and the Government did' a
great favor in amputating and separating that dead
limb from her body. And for the poor privilege
of performing this surgical operation of separa-
ting: this dead limb from Texas, we come forward,
and in principle and substance, give her a gratuity
of ten millions, thereby enabling her to pay a debt
which was heavy and pressing upon her people.
Might not this idea have been running through
the mind of the gentleman from Texas, [Mr.
Howard,] that, if Congress should adopt the
principle of this bill, in relation to the public lands
generally, it might interfere with emigration to
some extent, which mi^ht be setting towards
Texas? Would not individuals, would notsettlers
in Louisiana, in Arkansas, in Missouri, and Ala-
bama, if we adopt this policy, be diverted from
going to Texas? Texas offers her lands almost
as a gratuity, yet Texas does not discover in that,
all these dangerous consequences and effects upon
society, which the gentleman predicts will follow
this system, if adopted by the Federal Govern-
ment. No such thing is to take place there. Texas
can throw her lands into market cheap, but the
Fedeial Government must hold its lands at high
prices, and thereby drive the population into Tex-
as, and prevent it from going into the other States,
both the free and slave States. Now, these may
be some of the reasons operating upon the gen-
tleman's mind, in opposing this bill. Have they
not made large grants of land to induiduals, thou-
sands and thousands of acres, conditional that
they shall get so many settlers to the country? and
do not those individuals, thus obtaining those
grants, go into the old States and get settlers, and
pay their expenses of going there, and then give
them the lands r
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment of Mr. Allison, and it was not asreed to.
[Here a message was received from the Senate,
by the hands of Asbury Dickins, their Secretary,
announcing the passage, by the Senate, of certain
bills.]
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi. I rise again, at
this stage of the proceeding, to move the substi-
tute, of which I gave notice some days since. I
move it, sir, as a substitute for the whole bill, and
I ask the Chairman whether J have the right to do
so at this stage of the proceeding?
The CHAIRMAN. It is the opinion of the
Chair that the substitute will notbe in order until
the committee have proceeded through with the bill
to the end. Then the substitute will be in order.
Mr. BROWN. If the Chair will indulge me, I
apprehend that 1 have the right, at any time, to
