868
THE' CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 23.
Shields,] and consult my own feelings, X should
vote with that Senator. If, in our deliberations
here, we were to consult our passions and not our
judgments, I should most assuredly vote for the
passage of the bill. That this officer was a most
gallant and.meritorious one, we have no doubt;
if we were to grant pensions upon the simple
" <*>Hnciple of meritorious actions, we might well go
'for this bill. Or if we were to grant pensions
frott considerations of sympathy for the orphan
children who were in poverty, we might well vote
for this bill. But it seems to me that there are
other and higher and vastly more ecjuitable^con-
siderations that should control our action. There
are various pension laws which rest on certain
principles including certain cases. We have a
variety of applications here to include certain per-
sons who are excluded from the benefit of these
general laws for the want of mere technicalities,
or of some evidence which is merely technical.
In cases of that kind, I have uniformly voted m
favor of such bills, because it goes to put those
cases within the general principle—it tends to
bring them wilhin the genera) law. The principle
\fhich is proposed to be adopted here in this bill
is to give a pension to individuals against the gen-
eral law, and against the general principle.
Isubmitto the Senator from Iowa, [Mr. Jones,]
that if, in granting a gratuity—for this is nothing
more nor less—to the applicants in this case, and
doing what he calls "justice" in this case, are we
not doing gross injustice to every other one situa-
ted in hkecircumstances? I ask thatif, in dealing
out what the Senator calls " mercy" in this case,
we are not unmerciful to a great number—to the
hundreds of cases that are excluded ?
I do not believe that it is our duty, by being
generous in this case, to be ungenerous in all other
cases; and certainly we shall be so if we pass this
bill. It differs entirely from those excepted cases
for which we pass laws to bring them within the
provisions of the general rule. It is directly the
opposite. In granting a gratuity in this case, we
do injustice to every other case of the kind. As-
sume' as a ground for granting pensions, meiitori-
ous services, or extreme poverty of orphan chil-
dren, and let that principle be made to apply on a
sliding scale, and then every other case of every
other soldier who perishes in our wars, whether
private or officer, will come here and demand of
you a similar bill in his case, differing only in de-
gree, but not in principle.
I have no hope of arresting the progress of this
bill; none in the world. It is a foregone conclu-'
sion, that all bills of this character are tro pass this
body. Our sympathies are appealed to, and un-
der that state of sympathy we pass these bills. I
commend that state of feeling very highly, and
were I to consult it I should assuredly vote with
the Senators who vote for this bill; but, believing
that we do more injustice in passing a bill of this
description, to a greater number of cases than we
do mercy to those for whom a benefit is designed,
I hold it to be my duty to vote against this and all
other bills of a similar character.
Mr. CASS. Existing laws give pensions to
the widow and minor children of officers and
soldiers who fell in the battles of their country.
And why? Because he that God and Nature pro-
vided to take care of them, has fallen in the service
of his country. We have assumed to give these
pensions for five years. There is no virtue in
jive, or four, or three, or two years, or one year.
There is no peculiar reason, except a reason of
expediency, why you should stop at five years.
I think, however, that it is a fair rule. We give
these pensions for five years. I am unwilling to
go further by a general law; but I am perfectly
willing, when a cas6 like this comes before us,
where orphan children are minors, and will be
minors for years to come, to grant a pension. I
am willing not to extend the law, but to make the ;
case come under the general principle and reason
of the law; and for this reason, that these children
are incapable of taking care of themselves. They
have lost the man whom God provided to take
care of them; and therefore it seems to me the
obligation which the country assumes for five ;
years should be continued until they are able to |
provide for themselves. Therefore I am willing, ,
when it is shown, in any individual case, that
children are helpless, and minors, and unable to
take care of themselves, to carry the principle to
such a case and to say that the country shall take
caie of them until their state of minority is ended.
Then our duty is at an end; because then the
duty of the parent would be at an end; and we
ha\ie placed ourselves in the position of the parent.
While I should vote against a general law, I should
be perfectly willing to vote for every case as meri-
torious as this. .
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. It happens that this
widow and her children are personally known to
me; and I believe are personally known to four
members of the Committee on Pensions. _ The
committee were unanimous in reporting this bill.
It is known that these children are entirely des-
titute of all means of support. They are entirely
without every means ordinarily given to the chil-
dren of our country to obtain an education. If
any petition should be presented in as meritorious
a case, 1 feel con6dent that the committee would
report favorably on such a case, even if it would
require a hundred bills, or a thousand bills. I
should take pleasure, as one of the members of the
committee, m voting for every case as meritorious
as this is. But, if we were to report a general
bill, the Senator from Georgia has given us warn-
ing that he will oppose it.
I hope that if there is any further information
desired in the case, the report, which has just been
received from the Secretary's office, will be read,
if any gentleman desires it. I believe, however,
that there is no necessity for it. The gallant ser-
vices of Captain Capron have been certified to the
committee by officers who served with him. It
was shown to the satisfaction of the committee,
and it is evident, from the report of the Secretary
of War, thaUie died at the head of his company
while charging on the enemy.
Mr. DAWSON. I want to be understood in
relation to this matter. I do not believe that Con-
gress has the power to do the act now proposed.
1 recollect that it was but a short tune ago since a
distinguished head of this Government laid it
down as a position, that Congress had no right to
appropriate money to buy wood to warm the poor
of this city.
Mr. WALKER. They did it though.
Mr. DAWSON. And now we are about to
appropriate money for the purpose of sustaining
the poor. That is a duty, a power, and a right
belonging to the States. This Government has
no concern with it. It has no right to raise a fund
to maintain the poor of the different States. In
one sense of the term, we have no citizens of the
United States. AH our people live within the
limits of the States. There poor laws are to be
passed, and the poor to be provided for. There
laws are to be passed to psovide for education.
Have they not such laws in the State of my friend
from Iowa ? This Governmen t has never attempted
to exercise those powers; and until within a few
years, no one ever thought of this Government
taking it upon itself to make provision for the chil-
dren of deceased officers and soldiers. It was for-
merly contended that the right of pensions was a
peisonal light, arising out of personal services,
and that we were compensating for these services
by granting pensions. This is the ground which
I occupy.
Can we make allowances to support and edu-
cate orphan children? Those children reside in
the State of my friend from Iowa. Are there not
laws there to provide for educating and main-
taining the poor? Does such a power as this be-
long to the General Government' If it has such
a power, would it not be a doubtful policy to ex-
ercise it? For who is to understand so well the
necessity and importance of providing for the poor
of their own localities, as the Legislatures of the
several States? This is one of the greatest
stretches of the Constitution. Tins power to ed-
ucate and maintain the poor, is not to be found in
the Constitution. It is not granted. Nor can it
be drawn from any of the grants of power by any
reasonable inference. I agree with a late lamented
head of the Government of the United States, when
he said he did not see where the authority resided,
or the power was granted, for him to take the pub-
he money even to buy wood for the poor of the
District of Columbia. He went upon principle;
but now principle is to be abandoned, and our
sympathies are to be appealed to. If I were to
trust myself to my sympathies, this Government
would soon be bankrupt; for I maintain that I
have as much indulgence and kindness in my na-
ture as apy man living, in favor of the widow and
the orphan. But when I stand upon a principle,
it is a different thing.
Mr. CASS. The objection the Senator from
Georgia has raised, is new to me. He says that
the Constitution makes no grant of the right to
give pensions.
Mr. DAWSON. I did not say that there was
no right to grant pensions; but that the Constitu-
tion gave no right to the General Govrrnment to
appropriate the public money to maintain the poor,
and educate the orphan.
Mr. CASS. I understood the Senator to main-
tain that we had no right to grantpensions to wid-
ows and children of deceased officers and soldiers.
Now, there are two kinds of pensions. One kind
consists in those granted to the persons themselves
who have performed military services, and the
other kind is where pensions are granted to those
who stand in the nearest position to them. This
has been done from the foundation of the Govern-
ment to the present day. Without going any fur,
ther, allow me to tell the honorable gentleman that
the moment you give to the General Government
the power to raise an army, you give them all the
powers necessary and incident to sustain it. There
is not a word in the Constitution which allows
you to pay the soldier, or to give him clothing or
provisions. Where, then, do you get that power?
From the power granted to raise and maintain ail
army. Then, as a fair incident to that power, is
the right to do whatever may reasonably be done
in relation to it. From the revolutionary contest
down to our own days, an incident to a man's
going into the service is the hope and the prospect
held out to him that we will support the widow
and orphans that he may leave after him. We
hold this out" as an encouragement to induce men
to enter the Army. This is one of the induce-
ments to men to come and offer their services
when the Government is in danger. The power
of granting pensions is a necessary and fair inci-
dent of the right to maintain ail army. If, in the
exercise of that power, we are satisfied that it is
necessary to hold out this inducement, why it is
fairly and properly incidents the power granted.
I have lived a good while. The country has
been ruined about one hundred and fifty times in
my day; but 1 do not believe that we are going to
ruin tlie country now by granting pensions to the
orphans of deceased soldiers so long as those or-
phans remain in a state of minority.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment; and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
JAME§V. LOW AND OTHERS".
The Senate next proceeded to consider, as in ■
Committee of the Whole, the bill for the compen-
sation of James W. Low and others, for the cap-
ture of the British armed schooner Ann, during
the late war with Great Britain.
It enacts that the Secretary of the Treasury be
authorized and directed to pay to James ,W,
Low, William Driseoll, and to such other persons
as may be legally authorized to receive the same,
the sum of $2,570 30, being the amount paid into
tlie Treasury of the United States, and placed to
the account of " fines, penalties, and forfeitures,"
in consequence of the sale, under a decree of the
United States district court for the district of
Maine, of the British private armed schooner Ann,
in the year 1814, captured by the aforesaid named -
peisons; the same to be paid to James W. Low
and his associates, their heirs and assigns, in
equal proportions.
Mr. HALE. If there is any report in that case
I should like to hear it read.
The report of the Committee on Naval Affairs
of the House of Representatives was read. It ap-
pears that James W. Low and his associates, in
October, 1814, captured the British private armed
schooner Ann, and brought her ii* as a prize to the
State of Maine. The vessel and cargo were li-
beled and sold under an order of the United States
district court for that district, and the sum of
S5,518 45 was received under that sale. After
deducting, for sundry expenses, the amount of
$,377 85, there remained a net balance of $5,140 60>
Of this sum, $1,727 7.1 was paid to the collector,
and 4642 57 to the surveyor of the port of Thom-
aston—being one half of the net balance. The
other half— $2,570 30—was paid into the Treasury
of the United States, on account of Mr. Low and-
his associates not being able to attend to ths vindi-
