THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS
FOR THIS SESSION.
32d Congress, 1st Session.
WEDNESDAY, AUGUST Jl, 1852.
New Series.....No. 135.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. If the Senate will iisten
to rue one minute, I will explain the whole of this
matter. It is known that Virginia reserved a tract
of country in the State of Ohio to satisfy her boun-
ties promised the officersand soldiers of the Revo-
lution. A man by the name of Ludlow was sent
out at an early period to run the line. He did
run it, but run it wrong, as the Supreme Court
determined.
After that, a man by the name of Roberts was
sent out to run the line. He ran it some miles west
of the line which Ludlow had run. Mr. Wallace
located his land between the two lines. The Su-
preme Court determined that the western line is
the true one. In the mean time, however, the Gov-
ernment of the United States had sold out these
Sands to private individuals, and put the money in
she Treasury. Now, the proposition is to pay the
money which the Government has received to Mr.
Wallace, upon his relinquishment of the claim to
this land, which the Supreme Court determined
was subject to the warrants. There is the whole
case.
I think myself that Mr. Wallace is entitled to
the interest upon the money; but deferring to the
judgment of the Committee on Public Lands, who
refused to pay interest, I will not move an amend-
ment to the bill, as I thought I would. He has
been applying for this money for a long time—
ever since f have been a member of the Senate, and
how much longer before that in the other House,
I do not remeber. The bill simply proposes to as-
certain the quantity of land to which he was en-
titled, and to pay him the money, the Government
having sold it pending this contest.
Mr. CASS. I would ask the honorable Sen-
ator if Congress did not pass an act some years
fto-o, making provision for the payment of General
McArthur, under simitar circumstances?
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Under the same cir-
cumstances precisely. General McArthur located
his warrants between these two lines; and the
Government paid him a great deal more than this
bill will give Mr. Wallace.
Mr. CASS. That case I think was brought
before the Supreme Court, which decided in favor
of the applicant, and upon that the act was passed.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Yes, sir, the gentle-
man's recollection of the case is correct.
Mr. SHIELDS. If I understand the case,
there was a dispute about the lines, as stated by
the honorable Senator from Kentucky. Mr. Wal-
lace claimed the right to locate his warrants oil
that land.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Between the two lines.
Mr. CASS. I can state the facts in the case.
The claim arises from the original Virginia grant,
at the cession of the Northwest Territory, which
reserved for the satisfaction of warrants granted
by Virginia to her officers and soldiers in the revo-
lutionary war, the country between the Scioto
and Little Miami rivers. The reservation was
made when the topography of the country was
not understood. The Little Miami is much the
smaller stream. The Scioto runs in a northwest-
erly direction, and almost encircles the Miami.
Israel Ludlow, whom I knew very well, went
from what he considered the head spring of the
Little Miami, to the head spring of the Scioto,
which took an entirely different direction from
•what Virginiaoriginally contemplated; and indoing
that,the claimants under the Virginia ?rant claimed
that he went too far east—that he did not strike
the head spring of the Scioto river, and conse-
quently that he took off a considerable tract that
belonged to the original grant; and I suppose it
was upon that the case turned before the Supreme
Court. They decided that this mistake occurred.
I suppose it was upon that point that the ques-
tion turned; but if I recollect aright, General
McArthur's claim had been asserted and deter-
mined by the courts. I will ask the honorable
Senator in what way Mr. Wallace's claim origin-
ated? .
Mr. SHIELDS. That is the point I wish to in-
quire into. I have a perfect recollection of having
examined this case formerly, when connected with
135
the General Land Office; and my recollection of
the distinction between the two cases was, that
General McArthur made his location within the
time allowed by law; whereas the other applicant
neglected to make his in that time; and after the
land had become the property of others, he made
a location, or tried to make a location, if my rec-
ollection is correct; which was set aside. Now,
what I wish to ascertain is, what amount of mon-
ey, what relief is to be given to this claimant,
who, if my recollection be right, notwithstanding
the difference of the surveys, neglected to make
his location when the law authorized him to do
so ? What is the amount of money he is to re-
ceive ?
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I think it is #40,000, or
$50,000, or $60,000. I cannot be more specific,
it is a pretty considerable claim.
Mr, SHIELDS. My view of the case, whew
I examined it, was this—I recollect I examined it
carefully at the time, though I forget the circum-
stances now—that the claimant was entitled to
that amount of land in some other portion of the
country. But I was opposed to allowing him
money for it, or to allow the value of the land he
claimed when he wanted to make his entry; for
the land had improved in value, perhaps a hun-
dred fold. Had he made his location at the proper
time, the land was only of ordinary value. But
it came into the hands of others, and the country
around was improved. He then came forward
and claimed the land which had been enhanced in
value to an enormous amount. When it was my
duty to examine the claim—I am not nb!e now to
go into the circumstances—the conclusion to which
I came was, that he was entitled to the same quan-
tity of public land anywhere else; but as to giving
him the amount of money that is claimed, I can-
not agree to it.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. 1 will simply state, that
Mr. McArthur got land elsewhere, according to
the value of his land which had been taken be-
tween the two lines. This man is very willing
and anxious to receive the same measure of jus-
tice which was meted out to Mr. McArthur; but
the committee refused to give land according to
the value of that between the two lines. They
said he might have the money which the Govern-
ment got from the sale of his land, hi regard to
the location—it has been subject to location up to
within the last two years; and a hill is now before
the Senate—it has not yet passed—authorizing the
time for the locating of the land to be further ex-
tended; so that there is no objection on that score.
It has been time and again extended, and the time
only expired about two years ago—\ do not rec-
ollect precisely how long ago; but there is a bill
now before this body for its fmther extension.
Mr. McArthur got land elsewhere, according to
the value of his land which the Government had
appropriated; and in that way he got four or five
acres forone. This individual was willing to have
taken that; but the committee refused to give it.
I thought that he ought to have had interest on
the money which the Government had pocketed,
from the time he claimed it; for the Government
was in default from that time, and not till then.
But the committee concluded that he was entitled
to the money which the Government actually re-
ceived, and nothing more; and that is what the
bill proposes to give him.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 move to postpone the fur-
ther consideration of the bill until to-morrow, for
the purpose of taking up the Indian appropriation
bill.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I hope there will be no
more discussion upon the bill, but that we may
vote upon it now.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION" BILL.
On motion by Mr. HUNTER, the Senate re-
sumed, as in Committee of the Whole, the con-
sideration of the bill from the House of Repre-
sentatives, " making appropriation for the current
and contingent expenses of the Indian Depart-
ment, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with
various Indian tribes, for the year ending June
30th, 1853."
Mr. ATCHISON. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs to offer several amend-
ments. The first is to insert the following:
Sioux of the Mississippi.
For fulfilling treaties with the Sioux of the Mississippi,
to wit:
Pajiuent to the chiefs of the See-see toan and Wah-pay-
toan hand> of the Dakota or Sioux Indians, to enable
them to settle their affairs, comply with their present just
engagements, tor expenses of removal of said hand?* from
the lands ceded, and for subsistence of themselves forone
year thereafter, per first clause of fourth article of treaty
of 23d of July, 1851, ratified by the Senate ot the United
States on the 23d of June, 1852 ,,$275,000
or tins amount, to be laid out under the direction
Fofthe President, for the establishment of manual
labor schools, the erection of mills and black-
smith shops, opening farms, fencing and breaking
land, and foi such other beneficial objects as may
be deemed most conducive to the prosperity and
happiness of stud Indians, per second clause of
the  ame article and treaty  30,000
For interest, at the rate of five per centum. on the
sum of #1,360,000, per same article and treaty.. 68,000
For mteiest, at the rate of five per centum, on the
sum ot $'112,000, to be added to the trust fund pro-
vided for in the fouith article, being the amount
allowed in lieu of the reservation set apart in the
thud article, containing 3,HO,000 acres, at ten
eent  per aeie, per Senate's amendment to the
aforesaid treaty  5,600
For payment to the chiefs of the Med-ay-wa-kan-
toan'and Wah-pay-koo-tah bands of the Dakota
or Siouk Indians, to enable them to settle their
affair*, and to comply with then present ju^t en-
RRgcmenf*, for expenses of removal of the ?aid
Indians lrom the lands ceded, and for subsistence
tor themselves for one year theieafter, per first
clause of tomtit article of treaty of oth August,
!&>!. ratified !>} the Senate of the United States,
on the 23d June, 1852  220,000
Foi this amount to be laid out under the direction
of the PieMd«nt, foi the establishment of manual
labor schools, the erection of milte and black-
smith shop*, opening tarin*, fencing and bieaking
land, and fo< such of her beneficial objects a-may
be deemed most conducive to the prosperity and
happme^ ot s-aid Indians, per second clause of
the *a  e article and treaty  30,000
For inlet est, .it the r. te of five per centum, on the
stun of #1,1(50,000, per same clause, article, arid
treaty    58,000
For mtei est, ar the rate of fivr per centum, on the
sum of .$69,000, to be added to the fru-tfund pro-
vided for in the fourth article, being the amount
allowed m lieu ot the reservation o( land set
ap.tt« In the thiid article of the treaty, containing
600,000 acres, at ten cent1* per acre, per Senate's
amendment to the aforesaid treaty    3,450
Amounting in the aggregate to' $o90,0f)0
Proiuleii, That no portion of the money appropriated for
the purposes afoie-aid shall be applied until said Indians
shall e\pic&s their assent to the tt^aty as amended by the
Senate.
Mr. President, it will be observed that every
item contained in the amendment which I have
proposed is to fulfill a treaty stipulation. It is
for the purpose of carrying out the treaty lately
ratified by the Senate between the United -States
and the Sioux of the Upper Mississippi. The
Senate made certain amendments to that treaty
which the Sioux Indians hav#not yet assented to.
I have insetted m the amendment a proviso, re-
quiring that they shall give their assent to the
amendments of the Senate before the appropria-
tions shall he used.
Mr. HUNTER. I would ask the Senator
from Missouii if this constitutes one amendment,
and if it is to carry out the treaty with the Sioux
which has been recently ratified by the Senate?
Are all these provisions to fulfill stipulations in
that treaty?
Mr. ATCHISON. I have said that they are,
Mr. HUNTER. What is the total amount?
Mr. ATOHFSON. Six hundred and ninety
thousand and fifty dollars.
Mr. HUNTER. I have no doubt that the
Committee on Indian Affairs have examined this
matter, and as I have not examined it, I shall be
governed by their action.
Mr. ATCHISON. This is a conditional ap-
propriation- If the Sioux Indians assent to the
treaty as made by the Senate, this money is to be
used to comply with the provisions of the treaty.
These estimates were sent to me from the Depart-
ment. of the Interior. I have examined them, and
