1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2147
ward the close of the session, to understand the
appropriation bill's, and do no mischief when we
pass upon them—that we may know what we are
acting upon. Bat if claims of this sort are brought
up, how are we to know? We are dependent
entirely upon those gentlemen who present, or it
may be upon those committees who present them
and who have considered them, to be informed in
relation to their merits. There would not be time
between now and the day fixed for the adjourn-
ment to consider these appropriation bills* if we
once relax the rule and allow private claims to
come in, because we shall then have to consider
all these claims.
I defer very much to the judgment of the Sen-
ator from Tennessee: I have great respect for his
opinions upon these questions, but I have not ex-
amined this claim; I do not know its merits. If
the Senate determine that it is in order as an
amendment to this bill, we shall have to be in-
formed upon the merits of the claim. It will be
our duty to look into it. And when shall we end
this bill if we once open this door? There are a
great many other private claims in relation to our
Indian affairs, and if we once open the door I do
not know when we shall end the bill. It is now
over a fortnight since the bill was reported to the
Senate, and if we open it to claims of this sort,
we may expect to be engaged upon it for another
week.
Mr BELL. I put this on the ground that it is
a public claim, and have shaped my amendment
accordingly. I understand that there is an esti-
mate for this amount in the annual report of the
Department of the Interior, as expenditures in-
curred under appropriations formerly made to
enable the Government of the United States to
remove the Choctaw Indians from the Slate of
Mississippi to the west of the Mississippi river,
in accordance with the general policy of the Gov-
ernment. The appropriations made were insuffi-
cient by this amount to carry out the intentions of
the Government.
I wish Senators to recollect that the main
ground on which this claim rests is, that there is
an estimate and recommendation by the Depart-
ment that Congress should make this appropri-
ation; that estimate contains the items of the
amount for which an appropriation is demanded.
I know that it is said this is a private claim; but
how was that cognomen given to it? The Gov-
ernment, instead of employing an agent, and
placing funds in his hands to go to the Missis-
sippi and collect the wandering Indians, together
with those who were settled in towns, and remove
them by his own exertions, thought the most poli-
tic course would be to employ a certain number of
gentlemen who professed to have much influence
among these Indians, some residing in the State
of Mississippi, and particularly connected with or
engaged in business with the Choctaws, to remove
them. A contract was entered into with these
gentlemen, subject to pretty stringent provisions.
The business was undertaken, and would prob-
ably have been completed successfully for the sum
appropriated by the Government, but for the in-
terference of the Government itself. The stand-
ing laws and policy of the Government thwarted
the contractors and rendered the expense double
what had been originally contemplated. The
contractors were compelled to effect the removal
under every disadvantage; they did so, and made
a claim on the Government for the excess of ex-
penditure.
The Government recognized the claim as a just
one, which had arisen purely in consequence of
the interference of the Government itself. It may
be asked how the Government interfered? The
principal charge under that head is, that they
altered the law'which had been made for the pay-
ment of a large indemnity under the act of 1842;
and instead of paying certain land scrip, accord-
ing to that act, they actually decided that they
would not pay it at all, but that it should be
funded; and this, after nearly half the Indians
had been removed. The contractors appealed to
the Government, claiming indemnification for their
losses; and the Government said: "We recog-
nize the justice and equity of your claim; we made
the contract under certain circumstances, when
laws of such and such a character were existing;
we interposed obstacles to the execution of your
contract, in the first place by not issuing the scrip
which should have been paid east of the Missis-
sippiin due time, in consequence of Congress with-
holding arid funding one half of the whole quantity
of scrip; we recognize your claim to indemnity on
that ground."
The PRESIDENT. The Chair is very un-
willing to interfere with the Senator.
Mr. BELL. 1 protest, Mr. President, that I
am in order in showing that this is not a private
claim; that it is a public claim; that it is a claim
arising out of the execution of the public policy
of the Government in relation to the removal of
these Indians. The law appropriated a sum for
that purpose, which would have been sufficient if
the Government had not altered the law. The
Government have recognized the justice of this
claim, on the ground of the interposition of the
Government itself. I fully recognize the pro-
priety of the rule of the Senate to which refer-
ence has been made. I do not know that I would
propose to alter it, for I admit that it would not
do for every Senator to rise and make amend-
ments to a general appropriation bill m the nature
of private claims. All must see that the rule is
founded in wisdom, and that it would greatly em-
barrass the business of the Senate—indeed, that
we could not progress with business—if every
gentleman were permitted to introduce amend-
ments of a private character. This claim, how-
ever, has undergone a regular examination by
a committee of this body. It has been estimated
for by the Department; it has been recommended
as a portion of the annual appropriation, and does
not, it seems to me, at all come under the head of
private claims. At all events, I appeal to the
Senator from Virginia if it is not frequently very
difficult to discriminate between what may be
called a public and what a private claim.
The general rule is a sound one: that these ap-
propriation bills ought not to be incumbered with
anything but appropriations made under existing
laws and treaties, and for the current expenses or'
the year. Then the Committee on Finance would
have nothing to do but to look over the estimates
of the Department and see that the laws are com-
plied with, and that the appropriations do not
exceed what is recommended, in such a case
nothing can creep into such bills that ought not to
be there, and that all which is estimated is pro-
vided for. I admit all that. I admit that accord-
ing to our general theory as well as our piactice,
we ought to be confined strictly to that. But
then this is not at all in the nature of a private
claim, but is emphatically a public claim arising
out of the action of the Government itself. We
had here an amendment which was discussed for
several days in relation to the Shawnee tribe of
Indians in Ohio. And what kind of claim was
that? It is not a claim for the whole tribe of
Shawnee Indians, but for the Ohio portion of them
only. And what kind of a claim was it? It was
for a money indemnity—for what? Why, for the
specific violation of the terms of a former treaty.
We were not carrying out that treaty, but it was
designed that Congress should go into the con-
sideration of this matter as fully and exclusively
as if it were a claim in pursuance of both law and
treaty. Yet that claim certainly did not come
under the rule providing that nothing but appro-
priations for the current expenses of the year or
in pursuance of law or treaty should be included
in these bills. The appropriation for the Shaw-
nees was not for the carrying out of a law or a
treaty, but it was in the very face of the treaty
itself; and yet that matter was discussed for three
or four days. I merely mention this as an illus-
tration of the difficulty of discriminating between
public and private claims; and I think this which
I now present is as public as the other. It is for
the fulfillment of the established policy of the Gov-
ernment. We undertook to remove these Indians,
and that, too, by a method which it was in the
discretion of the Executive to adopt; and hence it
has got the character of a private claim, because
those who undertook this service were thwarted
by the Government, in the first place by the Gov-
ernment not issuing scrip in due time, and in the
second place by a change in the law itself.
If the honorable Senator from Virginia will
look at all the items of that bill, I think he will
find several which, if you construe this rule with
stictness, cannot be made to appear to be appro-
priations under existing laws or under treaties. I
hope that, under all the circumstances of the case,
the honorable Senator from Virginia will not urge
his objections in this instance. I trust that at least
he will consider this as a doubtful case, and one
that should be considered as a public one accord-
ing to the existing Jaws.
This claim comes specifically and directly under
one provision made by the rule—that is, that it has
been estimated for by the Department. I stated
before that this matter was formerly before Con-
gress; that it is nota new claim. For that reason
i thought it would not require any particular dis-
cussion or investigation by the Senate, and that
we could easily get along with it. I hope that
under all the circumstances this case will not be
discriminated from others where it is doubtful if
the appropriation asked for is one coming under
the strict construction of the rule.
Mr. HUNTER.. If this amendment had come
up as a particular measure on its own merits, I
should not have a word to say. The Senate com-
mittee and the Senator from Tennessee [Mr. Bell]
have examined this subject, and are better ac-
quainted with it than I can be; but it is my duty
to guard the appropriation bill, and preserve the
rule which we have adopted, if possible. It seems
to me—though I very much regret to feel con-
strained to oppose the proposition of the Senator
from Tennessee—that if we admit this asa public
claim, we shall have many others which will fol-
low it. The Senator says that it is no more to be
regarded as a private claim than that which was
discussed for three or four days in relation to the
Shawnee Indians. I admit that; but that Senator
must remember that that provision was put in by
the House of Representatives, and that the com-
mittee of the Senate proposed to strike it out. It
is true that there aie some items in that bill which
came from the House of Representatives which
would not have been placed in the bill under our
rule; but they have not the same rule which we
have in regard to claims of this kind,and it is our
husmess not to guard the action of the House of
Representatives, but our own action.
The Senator from Tennessee says it does not
i come under the rule, because there is an estimate
made from the Department for it. The Senator
knows how such estimates are obtained; that it is
the habit to hunt up claims of this kind, arid then
obtain an estimate for them, and that is one rea-
son why weget alongso slowly wi'.h appropriation,
bills. The rule requires that no claim shall be
considered in connection with a general appro-
priation bill which has not been estimated for in
pursuance of some existing law or existing: treaty,
or to provide for the current expenses of the year.
Is this an estimate in pursuance of any existing
jaw or treaty? No, sir. Is it to provide for cur-
rent expense? No, sir. It is a claim founded
upon a mere equitable consideration, and one
which strikes me as beins; somewhat doubtful. It
is a claim founded upon the allegation that the
United States failed to discharge its duty in some
respects, and therefore became liable for the losses
of these contractors, sustained in removing these
Indians. If anything can constitute a private
claim, it seems to me that it is this. It is not to
carry out any law or treaty. I think if we depart
from the rule under these circumstances, we shall
be called upon to do the same thing in many other
instances. I fear that the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs will be guided by the de-
cision of this question. If we exclude this claim,
I think he will not move the passage of certain
other amendments. If we do away with the rule
in this instance, I shall consider the whole opened
to all which are meritorious, and which have come
to us from a committee. If this is received, I fear
that the Senator from Missouri will present all the
claims from his committee which he considers
meritorious.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair has read the
rule. When the deficiency bill was before us, the
same question was raised, and it was determined
by the Senate that it was a private claim. It is
now for the Senate to say whether it is a private
claim when offered in connection with the Indian
appropriation bill.
Mr. BELL. I wish to state that at a preceding
session we decided that it was not a private claim.
It was incorporated in a general appropriation
bill, so that there have been decisions on both
sides.
Mr. WALKER. This question seems to be
involved in some doubt; but at the same time,
upon reflection, 1 am pretty clearly satisfied that
