37*2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 23,
sum than threeand a half per cent., to be paid by
the Barings and their associates, and receive her
indemnity at Washington, that resort is had to
the terms of the treaty for an objection against
this mode of procedure. And it is farther alleged
that the Senate refused to allow a provision to be
inserted in the treaty, by which drafts on this
Government for the several installments were to be
delivered to Mexico on the ratification of the
treaty. This objection is well answered by refer-
enced the condition of things at the time of the
ratification of the treaty, before our army had
been withdrawn from the invaded country, and to
the policy which dictated the withholding at that
time of a large amount of the negotiable obliga-
tions of the Government. It is an objection
which never suggested itself to the mindy of Gen-
eral Taylor's Cabinet. It was the desire of that
Administration, in consideration of the necessities
of Mexico, to adopt this mode of payment; and
nothing but the failure of the Mexican Minister
seasonably to receive instructions to that effect,
prevented such an arrangement from taking effect
prior to the payment of the second installment,
But, sir, I waive the further consideration of the
expediency of paying the indemnity directly, and
■without the intervention of biokers, to the agents
of Mexico at Washington. Let gentlemen dis-
miss that argument if they please from their minds.
And I have still very grave objections against the
course pursued m this business by the Secretary
of State.
In the first place, I assert that no officer of the
Government had any right to negotiate definitively
for the payment ot the money two years, or one
year, in advance of an appropriation of Congress
therefor.
In the second place, if the rig-ht of any execu-
tive officer to make such a negotiation, at such
time, were admitted, It would be the duty of that
officer, for the protection of ihe rights of thecoun-
try, as well as to avoid favoritism in the disposi-
tion of an immensely profitable conlwict, to throw
it open to fair competition among those who are
equally competent to the business, and responsible
for any failure m its performance.*
And, in the third place, i deny entirely the right
of the Secretary of State to negotiate with the
brokers at all for the payment of the Mexican in-
demnity. It was an assumption of duties which
belong to another officer of the Government.
Now, sir, in briefly presenting my views, as I
shall do, I ask this committee to look at the facts
which are before them, and which will be before
them, to separate this matter from considerations
which do not belong to it, and to dispose of it,
as 1 doubt not they will desire to do, in the exer-
cise of judgments unbiased by prejudice. It is
not an unusual thing here for skillful and dexter-
ous men, l y influences in the House, and more
especially out uf the House, to connect the subject-
matter undei consultation heie with topics entirely
foreign to thatwhich properly invites the attention
of this body, and tliei eby di\ erting its regard from
the true issues which are submitted to it.
The question simply is, Has a proper and suit-
able arrangement been made with the Republic of
Mexico and m reference to the payment of this
indemnity? I cast from my mind all other con-
siderations whatever. I recur not to other sub-
jects. But I wish to look to the facts which lie
before me, and which belong to the case, and all I
ask of the committee is, that they will do the
some, and come to such conclusions ax those facts
sluiH justify. Let me say, also, that during the
debate which has already taken place upon this
question, I think we have been Jed away from the
true issue which js before us. There has been a
representation or memorial presented for the con-
sideration of the House by the Messrs. Green, in
which they make complaint that they had no op-
portunity of competing for this contract, and the
benefits resulting from it. Well, if such is the
tact—if these gentlemen were desirous of negoti-
ating with the Government, and eould furnish to
the Government ample security for its indemnity
against loss, but had no opportunity of offering
their proposals, then I do not see but that their
complaint is a just one. Yet I do ask that the is-
sue may not be tried upon this question, whether
the Messrs. Gieen have been treated fairly or lm-
propeily in this matter. The issue that has been
raised between the chairman of the Committee on
Foreign Relations, on the one hand, and the
Messrs. Green on the other, and the subjects
which have been introduced by the chairman of
that committee in connection with the memorial of
those gentlemen, have engrossed, as the commit-
tee are aware, almost the whole time during which
this discussion has been in progress.
I urge, therefore, upon the consideration of this
committee, that they do not permit the various
questions which have arisen between the Messrs.
Green and the chairman of the Foreign Relations
to divert their attention from the true question
before them. This matter, which relates to the
grievances of the Messrs. Green, may be a proper
one for the consideration of the House, but be-
yond that and above it, and the subject which
should engross the attention of the House almost
to its exclusion, is the great question whether the
course of any department of the Government has
been correct and proper in the whole disposition
of the business which related to the Mexican
treaty. Set aside, therefore, all consideration of
the question as it respects fairness or unfairness
towards the Messis. Green. With that certainly
I ha\e nothing to do. They have no concern with
my purposes or my motives. They prompted
not the course which I have pursued; neither
could they have prevented or interfered with that
which I saw fit to pursue. Let me, therefore, not
| prejudice their merits befoie this House; and on
j the other hand, let not the case which they present
I be so exclusively regarded by this House,- or re-
ceive such prominence in the consideration of this
I question, that other matters, which are far more
important, shall be in danger of being lost sight of
and forgotten.
In respect to the first position which I have
taken, that no officer of this Government had a
right to make a definitive negotiation in advance
of the appropriation of Congress, I should like to
see the lirat member of this committee who dis- '
putes the coriectness of that proposition. 1 have 1
heard no one m his place in this House deny, for j
a moment, its correctness. There seems to be an ,
implied assent to the proposition on all sides of j
this question. If any member undertakes to say j
that it was proper to make a definitive negotiation 1
for the payment of money, with bankers and j
j brokers, nearly two yeais m advance of the ap- !
propriation of Congress, I should be very glad '
that he should rise m his place and say so at this \
time, if we are all agreed on that matter, if no !
one undertakes to dispute the proposition, then I !
will not undertake to enforce it by any argument
before this intelligent committee. I will not un-
dertake to prove to the committee that this House
holds the purse-strings of the nation, and that no
matter what treaty may have been negotiated sev-
eial years since, no matter what sum of money it
may have been agreed by that treaty should be
paid to a foreign government, yet, until there shall
1 bean appropriation by tins Hou.-'e, no negotiation j
. can be concluded with any party, for any con- j
! suleration, by which that party shall obtain the !
' guarantee of the Government that the funds of j
; the United States shall be placed m the hands of
j such party for any purpose connected with their
I disbursement. Many causes might have arisen
I after the negotiation of that treaty to supersede
| the payment altogether. War might have been
i renoR-cd with Mexico, or in thelapse of two years
\ new arrangements might have been made with
j that power. But it is not necessary to point out
! contingencies that might have arisen. It is enough
i to say that this House has contiol of the purse
I of the nation, and, until it loosen the strings, no
i man has a right, in advance of Us action, to put
J his hands upon the public funds, or to transfer
1 that light to another.
i Then, sir, if I am correct in the general prop-
osition, what follows'' It follows that the Sec-
letary of State has violated this wise and salu-
1 tary principle. He has made a contract with the
B-uings and their associates for the disbursement
' of the public money, in flagrant disregard of it.
And now, sir, who will dispute the coirectness of
the second proposition, viz: that if an officer of
the Government had been authorized, in the dis-
; charge of his general duties, to negotiate with
I bankers and brokers, by the result of which, be-
i tween three and four millions of the property of the
• United States should be placed m the hands of those
1 bunkers and brokns, in consideration of certain
j services to be performed by them, the negotiation
t should beso conducted as to throwopen tocompeti-
tion by responsible houses, the lucrative business of
disbursing the public funds ? Of theimmense value
of the contract with the Government for the pay-
ment of the Mexican indemnity, the facts pre-
sented afford us some knowledge. Its full benefits
the brokers understand better than we do. And
hence the eager struggle to obtain possession of the?
prize. I think no man who takes these matters
into consideration will say that there ought not to
have been fair competition. The contract ought
not to iiave been made—in the entire ignorance by
the public of the whole transaction—with the per-
son who should be fortunate enough to obtain by
some means knowledge of the opportunity of gain,
and to come forward with the first proposition,
"Why, f believe, in purchasing the stores for your
Army and Navy for the various station sand depots
throughout the country, you do not buy a few bar-
rels of beef or provisions of any kind, to be for-
warded for your Army and Navy, without opening
a fair competition to the whole country. You send
your proposals through the public newspapers.
Now, I do not say that the Secretary of State* or
the Secretary of the Treasury, was bound to pur-
sue that identical course rather than any other,
and advertise this contract in the newspapers of
the country; but I do aver, that having two years
before him for the payment of the installment then
under consideration, it was his bounden duty to-
wait until the public in the principal cities, in the
country, and abroad, should have been informed
that the Government were disposed to negotiate in
this matter; and to go further, if necessary, and
correspond with those whose business it is to fur-
nish the facilities which the Government requires?
and to reap the benefits which the Government
bestows, that they he informed, and the interests of
the Government protected by competition, rather
than that the contract should be given, as a matter
of favoritism, to the earliest applicant.
J believe the friends of the Secretary of State?
and his supporters in this House, have, in debate
here, admitted that the course which was pursued
by the Secietary in this particular, in making his
contract with the Barings and their associates*
without affording an opportunity of competition to
any other persons, was wrong in principle; and
the only answer which has been given to objec-
tions which have been wade to this proceeding is,
that however imtch the Government may have
lost thereby, it is too late to correct the" error.
Such was the argument of the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Brooks.] While on one hand
it has been said that it was too late to correct the
error, on the other, I think there was some very
faint denial that the arrangement with the Barings
and their associates was definitive in its character,.
Upon this point it is necessary only to refer to
the letter of Mr. Webster to Mr. Green, dated the
2d of September, 1850, in which he states that
"he had made a definitive arrangement with
Messrs. Baring, Brothers & Co.," &c., and can-
not, therefore, listen to any terms from any other
quarter.
I now come, in passing hastily along, to my
third proposition, which is, that the Secretary of
State had no right whatever to interfere in this
matter, under any circumstances. I have asserted
that it was without precedent, and contrary to
precedent. I do not know whether I correctly
understood the chairman of the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, [Mr. Bayly,} but I understood
him to state that one installment of the Mexican
indemnity was negotiated with the brokers and
bankers by the late Secretary of State, (Mr. Clay-
ton.) I see that gentleman now in this Hall* and
I desire to ask him whether I correctly understood
him ?
Mr. BAYLY. The gentleman is mistaken.
On the contrary, I stated that that installment was
negotiated by Mr. Letcher, our Minister in Mex-
ico.
Mr. ALLEN. Mr. Letcher, who was in Mex-
ico, had nothing to do with the contract with
the bunkers, and I now understand the gentle-
man to say that the Secretary of State had noth-
ing to do with it. I am aware that he had not; but
I will tell this committee what he did. He nego-
tiated with the Mexican Minister in relation to the
terms of payment, and the time and place of pay-
ment; but when that negotiation came to an end,
and arrangements were to be made with the bro-
kers, Mr. Clayton at once gave up all connection
with the business. He would have nothing ta do
