2148
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 10,
this is a private claim. It is acknowledged that it is
a proposition to make good a loss sustained in
consequence of a bad contract. The Senator
from Tennessee says that the bad contract arose
in consequence of a failure on the part of the Gov-
ernment to fulfill its duty. That may be so; but
have we not had a parallel case precisely, with
which we have had something to do for some
time? Take, for instance, the late case of the
printer who undertook to do the printing of Con-
gress. He found that he had sustained a loss, and
he came here and asked to have his loss made up
to him, alleging, as in this case, that the loss was
in consequence of a change resulting from an act
of Congress. That we at once conceded was a
private claim, and we should have so conceded
forever, however often it might have been esti-
mated for by any Department. This is the same
thing in principle; it is the loss of an individual,
resulting, if you please, from the action of the
Government; yet it is a loss of an individual, and
constitutes strictly a private claim.
The PRESIDENT. When such a question
has been once decided to be a private claim, the
Chair chooses to put the question to the Senate
whether, under the rule, this is such a claim as
should be received.
Mr. HOUSTON. T have listened to the dis-
cussion this morning, I believe, without any bias
of feeling, and as the Senate has decided in both
ways heretofore, as the justice of the claim appears
to be admitted, and as it appears to have been
estimated for by the Department, I am unable to
draw that distinction which would exclude a just
claimant from obtaining his just rights. If there
is any technical rule which would exclude him, I
am inclined to set it aside. I shall vote for the
payment of this claim.
Mr. CASS. I wish merely to say one or two
words, for the purpose of observing that a fair
construction of the rule would admit this claim,
more especially, it seems to me, a", under the cir-
cumstances, therf is no question a!>out its justice.
The claim arises out of a deficiency in the appro-
priation to remove the Choctaws west of the Mis-
sissippi; that deficiency was reported to the Gov-
ernment, and an appropriation for the purpose of
covering it is asked for. I do not see why we
Bhould not vote for its payment as in any other
case of deficiency. It is said that it is a private
claim, but the fact that the money goes to A or
B does not render it a private claim; on the con-
trary, I am strongly inclined to believe that it is
one of those cases which may fairly be considered
as public claims.
Mr. HUNTER. I think the position assumed
by me has not been properly understood. The
Department does not estimate for this claim as a
deficiency in the appropriation bill, but it reports
on it as a good claim which should be satisfied, in
equity.
Mr. CASS. 1 thought the Department had
regularly estimated for it. I understood the Sen-
ator from Tennessee [Mr. Bf.i i.] to say so.
Mr. BELL. I did not understand the remark
made by the Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Hun-
ter.]
Mr. HUNTER. I said that the estimate which
has come from the Department does not put the
claim in the shape of a deficiency to an appropri-
ation bill, but is intended solely to inform the
Congress that it is a good one. The claim is
founded on the equity, not on the tei*ms, of the
contract.
Mr. BELL. I understand in the report of the
Indian Department it will be found in the regular
estimates.
Mr. CASS. Will the honorable Senator from
Tennessee allow me to ask if the Department has
asked for this allowance?
Mr. BELL. They have.
Mr. HUNTER. Hereisthereport. Itbegins
in this way:
"Mr. Bell made the following report :
"The Committee on Indian A flairs, to which was re-
ferred the memorial of William B. Hart, have had the same
under consideration, and make the following report."
That report is the one which the Indian Depart-
ment now reproduces.
Mr. BELL. That is done for the purpose of
showing the ground on which they make the esti-
mate. If the Senator will go on, he will see the
estimate itself.
Mr. HUNTER. They estimate only in this
way; they say that they think this party is en-
titled to this claim; and, being entitled to it, it will
amount to so much. But it is not an estimate for
a deficiency in any appropriation, that I can per-
ceive.
Mr. BELL. The passage from which the hon-
orable Senator read, is in an appendix explanatory
of the estimate. I would like the Senate to un-
derstand that this is in the estimate. It reads thus:
" For payment to William B. Hart, assignee of contract-
ors for the removal of Choctaw Indians from the States of
Mississippi and Alabama, a balance of a claim on account
of said removals, heretofore reported to be due by this
office, and an appropriation for the payment of which
passed the Senate of the United States at the last session of
Congress, $37,422 12."
It is therefore regularly estimated for.
Mr. HUNTER. I would ask the honorable
Senator from Tennessee whether this is not a new
practice of the Indian Department? Usually they
confine themselves to what is necessary in the ex-
penditures of the current year; but in this case
they report on the claim as being good, and esti-
mate for it accordingly. I think it does not come
within that class of cases to which the Senator
from Michigan [Mr. Cass] referred. And it is
to that that I desire to call his particular attention.
Mr. BELL. There are many claims of the
same kind where there have been omissions here-
tofore. Whether this is a new policy on the part
of the Department I am unable to say; but I am j
inclined to think it is as old as the Government j
itself. There are cases, not, perhaps, like this in j
every particular, but in many of their features.
They go back where there were recommendations
years ago, and they state the circumstances under
which it is done. I do not wish to do anything
in violation of the spirit of the rule, but 1 think
this is a case which you cannot discriminate from
a public claim, it is true it goes to an individual,
as appropriations do in nine tenths of cases. The
individuals are known before the appropriations
are made. Officers of the Government are indi-
viduals m the same sense, and yet you appro-
priate for them. But I will not further detain the
Senate.
The question was then taken as to whether the
amendment could be received under the rule, and a
division being called for, there weie—ayes 20, noes
11; no quorum voting.
Mr. HUNTER. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MASON. I did not intend to say anything
upon this subject, as I seldom interfere with mat-
ters of this kind when they are before the Senate.
I am always much more willing to listen, that I
may have my judgment guided by the information
which is presented by others. But as the votes of
the Senate are to be recorded, I will give, in a few
words, the reasons why I consider this claim as
not coming within the rule. I consider this rule
to have been adopted with a view to guard against
improvident legislation, and that it is wise and
safe, as f understand it, because it is intended
to prevent appropriations which have not been
based upon the public legislation of the country.
There are few claims upon the Government which
are not private claims; but the private claims in-
tended to be excluded by the rule, are demands
upon the Government, the nature and character
of which have not passed under the review of
actual legislation. An equitable demand under a
contract, as the chairman of the Committee on
Finance has characterized this, would be a private
claim, and, as I apprehend, would be properly ex-
cluded under this rule. My attention was called
to this subject when an appropriation was before
us on the deficiency bill. I have listened to the de-
bate since, and 1 intended to say nothing upon this
subject; but as the vote is to be recorded, I wish
to state that this claim arises in this way: The
Government passed a law for the removal of the
Choctaw Indians, and by that law a contract was
provided for, by which the Indians were to be re-
moved at stated prices.
Mr. BELL. There was no law providing that
they should he removed by contract, but there
was a treaty made, providing for their removal,
and then an appropriation followed, for the pur-
pose of carrying out that treaty. There was no
contract provided for by law.
Mr. MASON. As I understand the matter,
Government made a contract for the removal of
the Indians, or whether provided for or not, a
contract was made which was afterwards recog-
nized and made legitimate by the action of the
Government, and there was an appropriation made
for the removal of the Indians. As I understand,
from delay or from some othercause,moremoney
was needed to remove the Indians. The contract
was made by the Government and sanctioned by
law; but the appropriation did not hold out, be-
cause of the interference of the Government in
such a way as to cause a loss to fall upon the con-
tractors. Now, when we are called upon to recog-
nize that as a claim sanctioned by an existing law,
I would ask any gentleman who considers that the
claim is excluded by the rule, what the difference
would be between reimbursing the contractor for
the losses he sustained because the appropriation
did not hold out, and providing for carrying out
the contract by a new appropriation, if this ques-
tion were now in progress, and we were making
the first provision ? As I understand, it was really
an appropriation, and though it was to go to a
private individual, it is in the same condition as
any other public claim.
Mr. HUNTER. I think that my colleague
misapprehends the facts of the case entirely. If
this claim were to carry out an existing law, I
should admit that it would come legitimately into
the bill. If it were an appropriation to carry out
a contract for "which a former appropriation was
insufficient, I would admit that it would be appro-
priate here. The facts, as I understand them, are
these: the con ■set was not made by the claim-
ants with the Government, but with the Indians;
and the Indians were to be removed at their own
expense. Scrip was to be given to the Indians
prior to their removal; but in consequence of a
change being made in the mode of paying the In-
dians, they could not satisfy the demands of the
contractors, who thus suffered a loss; and they
desire that the Government should make it good.
This is therefore a claim on the equitable consid-
eration of Congress, and not an appropriation to
carry out any existing law. We are not called
on to consider whether it is a just claim; that is
not our present business. It seems to me that in
the discussion of a general appropriation bill we
should not be forced to go into such inquiries.
The very circumstance that Senators are differing
as to the facts of the case is sufficient to show
what will be the consequences if we introduce
such items as that now under consideration into
the bill.
Mr. COOPER. I wish to say a single word.
Here is a claim about the justiee of which there is
not a particle of doubt in the mind of any one who
has examined it; but it seems that there is some
doubt whether it comes within the rule which would
exclude it from this bill. Where there is any doubt
—and the claim is a proper and just one—I think
it should be interpreted in favor of the claimant.
I merely make this suggestion for the considera-
tion of the Senate. There is no doubt whatever
about the justice of this claim. It has been ex-
amined and reported on repeatedly. The Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs have had it before them
two or three times, and decided unanimously that
it was just; and if any doubt exists as to the in-
terpretation of a rule, that doubt should be deter-
mined in favor of the claimant.
Mr. MASON. My colleague says that I do
not understand the facts. Now, if the report of
the Committee on Indian Affairs is correct, I ap-
prehend that the misapprehension is on his part,
if I comprehend his remarks. I understood the
chairman of the Committee on Indian Affairs
[Mr. Atchison] to say that the contract for the
removal of the Indians was made, not with the
Government, but with the Indians, and that the
Government was to provide them with scrip to
pay the contractors. As Government failed to do
so, the Indians were unable to meet their obliga-
tions. If that be so, then I have misunderstood
the report of the Committee on Indian Affairs in
1851, for it is there stated that " the early removal
' of the Indians, who still remained east of the
'Mississippi, was considered necessary for many
' reasons, and especially because it was earnestly
' insisted on by the people of the State of Missis-
' sippi. Accordingly,on the 3d March, 1843, the
' Secretary of War made a contract with Alexan-
' der Anderson, by which he agreed to remove
' them by water from Vicksburg to Fort Coffee."
Mr. BELL. That was the first contract.
Mr. MASON. It was a contract made by the
Secretary of War. He says, the Indians "re-
