1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1265
connect with the lines of railroad to New York and Bos-
ton.
By Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts: Remonstrance of
Daniel Bontecon and others, legal voters of Springfield,
Massachusetts, against any change in the mode of superin-
tendence of the Springfield Armory.
Also, the memorial of David Le Gro and others, citizens
employed in the United States Armory, at Springfield, de-
nying certain statements made in certain memorials, ask-
ing for a change in the superintendency of said armory.
By Mr. PARKER, of Indiana: The petition of J. P.
Siddal, O. H. Burchenal, and 46 others, citizens of Union,
Wayne, and Randolph counties, Indiana, praying for a cer-
tain mail route.
By Mr. CABLE, of Ohio: A petition from 0. S. Drake,
D. C. StockwelJ, and 40 other citizens of Porrage county,
Ohio, hi favor of the freedom of the public lands.
IN SENATE.
Friday, May 7, 1852.
Prayer by the chaplain, Rev. C. M. Butler.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, I move to
postpone the order of business for this day, for
the purpose of taking up the deficiency bill.
Mr. BADGER. 1 would suggest to rriy friend
from Virginia to vary his motion, so as to suspend
for to-day the order setting apart each Friday for
private business, that we may go on with the reg-
ular business. Let us make reports from com-
mittees, and afterwards proceed to the consider-
ation of the deficiency bill.
Mr. JBRODHEAD. Let go on with private
business to one o'clock, and then take up the de-
ficiency bill.
Mr. HUNTER. We can do but little up to
one o'clock. My motion is to suspend the order
of the Senate for to-day.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I would again suggest to
the honorable Senator from Virginia that U will
be better to go on with the morning business until
one o'clock, and then the bill about which he is
so anxious mav be considered.
The PRESIDENT. The Senate cannot pro- |
need with any other business than that which is*
prescribed by its standing order until that order
shall be suspended.
Mr. HUNTER. I move to suspend the order.
When it is suspended, we can go on with the
morning business until one o'clock, when we can
take up the deficiency bill. j'
Mr. BORLAND. I hope this motion will not I;
prevail. ' Some time ago we adopted a rule devo-
ting Friday of each week to the consideration of '
private hills. We have a very heavy Private Cal- j,
endar; but the rights and interests of these claim- ">
ants have been postponed week after week, and \
do think that the very consideration that induced '
us to adopt the rule grows stronger and stronger j;
every day. If it was rii>ht, because they had just |l
claims against thw Government, that we should '■
set apart a certain day of every week in the early ij
part of the session for the consideration of private h
claims, certainly that consideration is stronger j;
now that months of the session have passed away. I'
There are still here many persons watting to have jj
their claims passed upon, and their necessities re- ji
iieved. To provide for the consideration .of the
claims of such persons this rule was adopted.
There are many of them who are unable to come
here to urge the consideration of their claims upon
Congress. They are unable to bring influences
to bear here, that they may have their claims put
before all other business; and this rule was in-
tended for their protection. I do hope, then, that
its propriety will again be recognized, and that the
rule wj!1 be enforced. The question which the
Senator from Virginia proposes to take up now, to
the postponement of these private claims, is one
that needs no protection of rules. It has strength
enough in itself, and it will pass this body, in spite
of all opposition that can be made to it, at any
time when the vote shall be taken upon it.
It is not one of those claims for which there is
any necessity of pressing the action of Congress.
I see no reason to give it precedence. It can afford
to wait a little while, so as to allow us to afford
relief to those individuals who arc suffering priva-
tions because their rights are withheld or post-
poned. It can afford to wait a little while to allow
justice to be done, and I hope justice will be done
to this extent at any rate.
The motion to suspend the order of business
was agreed to. j
PETITIONS, ETC. !
Mr. CLEMENS presented the petition ofj
Whitemarsh B. Seabrook, Joseph Whaley, and
others, praying payment for military service dur-
ing,the last war with Great Britain; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. BRIGHT presented a petition of Charles
Wilkes, William P. Elliot, and others, praying
to be allowed for damages sustained in conse-
quence of the alterations made in the grade of
North Capitoi street, in the, city of Washington;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Buildings.
Mr. BRADBURY presented a petition of citi- jj serting"the following:
zens of Gotham, Maine, praying an extension of " "
Woodworth'spatentfor a planing machine;which
was referred to the Committee on Patents and the
Patent Office.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, presented a memo-
rial of the Board of Trustees of the Memphis Hos-
pital, praying that the lot of ground in that city
known as the arsenal, may be granted to the
Memphis Hospital; which was ordered to be laid
on the table.
Mr. HAMLIN presented the petition of James
C. Doane, praying to be allowed fishing bounty
for the schooner " Ursula," abandoned at sea, in
consequence of injuries received m a gale; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. MALLORY presented the petition of the
administrator of Isaac L. Battle, deceased, pray-
ing that the estate of said Battle may be released
from liability as security of Matthews and King;
which was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. GW1N presented a memorial of citizens of
1 the town and county of Santa Cruz, California,
I praying the erection of a light-house at or near
; that town; which was referred to the Committee
' on Commerce.
up and put upon its passage, a bill which was
under consideration on Friday last, providing for
the holding of the district .court in tnis district in
case of the sickness or other disability of the dis-
trict judge. An amendment has been prepared
which meets all the objections to the bill. ■
The motion was agreed-to, and the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the bill as in Commit-
tee of the Whole. - ' -
Mr. BRADBURY moved to amend the bill by
striking out all after the word " court," and in-
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. MILLER, it was
(ndacdj That the petition of Mary Brogimrd, oti the files
of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Claims.
On motion by Mr. GWIN, it was
Ordered, That the memoiial of Ambrose W. Thompson,
on the lilr-s of the Senate, be refened to the Committee on
the i'o-st Office and Pos t Roads.
REPORT FROM STANDING COMMITTEE.
Mr. SEBASTIAN, from the Committee on In-
dian AtFairs, to which was referred the petition of
Senccn G. Simmons, asked to be discharged from
the further consideration thereof, and that it be
referred to the Committee on Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
PROS liCUT ION OF CLAIMS BY MEMBERS OF
CONGRESS,.
The engrossed bill to amend and extend the pro-
visions ot an act approved July 29, 1846, entitled
"An act in relation to the payment of claims,''
came up on iLs third reading.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Mr. President, my at-
tention was called to this bill when we were acting
upon it yesterday, and I took some little excep-
tion to its provisions. 1 do not wish to occupy
the time of the Senate by stating objections which
I have to the bill. Since that time, I have looked
into it, and it occurs to me, that if the friends of
the bill wish to accomplish the objects designed,
and which i think are highly laudable, this bill is
altogether insufficient to do it. I think that some
of its provisions are exceedingly objectionable,
and that some other of its provisions do not meet
the case which it is designed to meet. I would,
therefore, be glad if the bill should lie over until
Monday, and then I shall suggest an amendment, 1
which i hope the Senate will adopt. If, however,
it is the pleasure of the Senate to consider it now, :
I wish to make some remarks upon the subject, I
assigning my reasons for the course which I intend |
to take; but I ask for this indulgence, as I believe i
no evil can possibly grow out of it, and I will, in ]
the mean time, confer with the members of the ,
Committee on Claims, and tell them why it is that
I object to the bill in its present shape, and why I
think it is insufficient to accomplish the objects in
view. 1 move to postpone the further consider-
ation of the bill until Monday next.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I have no objections to
accommodate the honorable Senator from Ken-
tucky, but I am well convinced that the bill is right
as it stands.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
COURTS IN THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr. BRADBURY. I ask the'Senate to take
To the assistant judges of the circuit court of said Dis-
| tucr, it shall be the duty of the senior assistant judge to
i hold the district couit aforesaid, and discharge all the judi-
! cial duties of the district judge who shall be sick, or other-
t wise disabled, as aforesaid, so long as such sickness or dis-
j ability hhall continue; and in ease of the sickness or other
disability of said senior judge, the same duty shall devolve
on the junior assistant judge of said circuit court. And the
said judges, and each of them, are hereby authorized to ex-
ercise original jurisdiction in admiralty cases for the pur-
pose* of this act; and ail the acts and proceeding* in said
district court, by or before eitfier of said assistant judges so
required to hold the said district court, shall have the same
force, effect, and validity, as if done and transacted by or
before the district judge o'f said district court.
The bill, in its original form, provides, that in
case of the sickness or disability of the district
judge of the District of Columbia, and upon that
fact being certified by the clerk of the district court
to the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of the
United States, the Chief Justice shall designate
and appoint the district judge of one of the adjoin-
ing districts to hold the district court in this Dis-
trict. The amendment proposes to strike out the
provision which follows the word court, which is
italicized above, and insert the words of Mr.
Bradbury's amendment.-
The amendment was agreed to, the bill was re-
ported to the Senate as amended, the amendment
was concurred in, the bill was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time, and was subse-
| quently read a third time and passed.
j MOBILE AND GIRARD RAILROAD. *
j On the motion of Mr. CLEMTCNS, the Senate
: proceeded to consider, as in Committee of the
1 Whole, the bill gi an ting the right of way and '
! making a donation of land to the State of Alabama,
in aid of the construction of theMobileand Girard
Railroad; and having been amended so as to make
| it conform to similar bills heretofore passed, it was
| oxdered to be engrossed and read a third time.
! FLORIDA, ATLANTIC, AND GULF RAILROAD.
| On the motion of Mr. MALLORY, the Senate
' proceeded to consider, as in Commitee of the
Whole, the bill granting the right of way to the
; Florida, Atlantic, and Oulf Central Railroad Com-
pany through the public lands of the United States,
' and to appropriate lands to'the State of Floridain
! aid of the construction of said railroad and*branch-
! es; and having been amended so as to conform to
| the preceding bill, it was ordered to be engrossed
! and read a third time.
i SECURITY OF PASSENGERS.
Mr. GEYERlaid upon the table, informally,
' sundry amendments, which were ordered to be
1 printed, which he intends to offer to the bill to
. amend an act entitled " An act to provide for the '
I better security of the lives of passengers on board
' of vessels propelled in whole or in part by steam."
RULES OF THE SENATE.
The Senate proceeded to considerthe resolutions
submitted by Mr. Badger, on the 29th of April,
to amend the rules of the Senate, as follows:
Resolved, Tnat the thirtieth rule for conducting the busi-
ness of the Senate be amended by inserting after the word
"se^ion" the following :
" Or moved by direction of a standing committee of the
Senate."
Resolccd further, That the following he added to the rules
of the Senate:
UA motion to suspend, or to concur in a resolution of the
House to Mispend the sixteenth and seventeenth joint rules,
or either of them, shall always be in order, and shall be de-
cided without debate."
The proposition is to make the rule read thus:
30. No amendment, proposing additional appropriations,
shall be received to any general appropriation bill, unless it
be made to carry out the provisions of some existing law,
or some act or resolution previously passed by the Senate,
during that session, or moved by direction of a standing
committee of the Senate, or in pursuance of an estimate
from the head of some of the Departments; arid no amend-
ment shall be received whose object is to provide for a pri-
vate claim, although the same may have.been previously
sanctioned by the Senate.
