1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2149
6 fused to go until the certificates or scrip for their
€ lands were issued. They desired these to pay
s their debts. The Secretary of War promised
* that it should be issued in September, 1844; but
' the promise was not complied with. The con-
* tractors were, therefore, placed in a most embar-
* rassing position."
Mr. BELL. There is another contract,
Mr. MASON. It appears that this report was
made in January, 1851, by the Senator from Ten-
nessee, [Mr. Bej.l.]
Mr. BELL. Allow me to read a paragraph.
Mr. MASON. Certainly.
Mr. BELL. I wish to call the attention of the
Senator to the following statement:
" Efforts were made for their removal under this contract,
but the Indians refused to go by watci, and the contract
was canceled on the 4th of September, 1844. On the same
day, another contract was made for their removal with An-
derson, Cobb, Forrester, and Pickens. These parties were
to be paid ty2Q 71| per each Indian removed.
" The Government appointed Colonel I£. N. Barstow as
agent to superintend the emigration, and see that it was
prupeily conducted ; and he repaired to the Indian country
to enter upon his duties.
" Efforts wete immediately made to remove the Indians
within the time fixed m the contract, but they refused to go
until the certificates or senp for their land were issued.
They desired these to pay then debts. The Secretaiyof
Wat promised that it should be issued m September, 1844;
but the promise was not complied with. The eontiactorb
were, therefore, placed in a mo--t embarrassing position-
Cy the condition of their contract, they were required to
remove one thousand Indians within the year 1844, or for-
feit their contract. They were, under the circumstances,
compelled to furnish the Indians, at their own private ex-
pense. those articles which were necessary for their re-
moval, relying upon the promise of the Secretary and the
provisions of law, by which the Indians were to be fur-
nished with land scrip, to tepay them."
Mr. MASON. With whom was that contract
made?
Mr. BELL. It was made by the Secretary of
War with the contractors.
Mr. MASON. Does this claim grow out of the
last contract?
Mr. BELL. It does.
Mr. MASON. Then, as I understand, the con-
tract was made by the War Department in the
same manner as other contracts are made; and it
appears that " the Indians refused to remove, both
4 in 1845 and 1846, without their horsesand oxen.
* The agent of the Government assured the con-
< tractors that if they would subsist them, they
* would be paid by the Government." "There
( were, accordingly, five hundred and fifty re-
* moved."
Now, if there is any misapprehension between
my colleague and myself, I think the error must
be on his part. I do not profess to be so fully
acquainted with the subject as he is, and there-
fore rely on the report of the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, in a great measure, in forming my
opinion. By this report I find that the contract
was made with the Secretary of War, and that in
consequence of the embarrassing position in which
the contractors were placed, the Indians were re-
moved at the expense of the contractors, relying
on a future appropriation by Congress to cover
the amount.
Mr. ADAMS. My recollection of this trans-
action is not very distinct, though I think 1 under-
stand the manner in which the Senator from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Hunter] misapprehends this question,
to some extent. The contract was made in the
manner stated in the document read by the Sen-
ator from Virginia, [Mr. Mason,] for the removal
of the Choctaw Indians. A law was passed by
which scrip might be given them in lieu of the
reservations to which they were entitledunder the
contract, one half to be paid to the Indians directly
and the other half to be vested in Government
funds, and put to interest. They made contracts
with various persons in Mississippi on the faith
of the half which was to be paid m scrip, and
which they supposed would be paid to them there
before they removed. When they were about to
remove, under the contract, the Government issued
an order, directing the agent not to pay over the
scrip until their removal west of the Mississippi,
in consequence of which order they refused to re-
move. After they had been assembled for emigra-
tion they refused to remove, and, finally, Govern-
ment changed the contract, and undertook to pay
the Indians for removing themselves; and, in some
cases, speculators removed some of the Indians,
and Government paid them. But Government
fixed the price to be paid for their removal, and it
is under the contracts arising out of the law, and
which they had a right to make, that they have
sustained a loss.
Mr. HUNTER. Here is a paragraph in a re-
port from a Department, which I will read:
"The contract for the removal of the Choctaws, in the,
performance of which this claim originated, stipulated,
among other things, that the contractors should, m 110
event, set up any claim for any further allowance than
what was specified in the contract; and, on this ground,
the Indian office appear to have declined paying any part
of the demand now made upon the Government."
This is a claim for articles furnished to the In-
dians, not stipulated for by the contract; and they
claim that they should be paid, because the In-
dians could not pay on account of the laches of the
United States, in not giving them land scrip. That
is the foundation of theclaim,and itwas so stated
by the Department. Instead of making a claim for
articles stipulated for, they make it for articles
furnished to the Indians, which they say the United
States is bound to pay, because the Indians could
not pay, in consequence of the United States with-
holding the scrip for their lands.
Mr. BAYARD. I have no objection to this
claim on the ground of justice, though I have not
made a particular examination of it. The ques-
tion arises under the rule of the Senate, and that
rule, if worth making, is worth maintaining. And
that rule expressly prohibits the introduction of a
private claim in connection with a general appro-
priation. This is a general appropriation bill, and
the question is not with regard to the justice of the
claim against the Government, and whether any
appropriation shall be allowed or not, but whether
it is a private claim, in the ordinary meaning: of
that term. Now, if I wanted any evidence ofthis
being a private claim, I would draw my evidence
from the fact that it was presented to the Senate
of the United States as a private claim, and re-
ported as such, by the Senator from Tennessee,
at the session of 1851. And the statement upon
the report is, that it is made upon the memorial of
William B. Hart, January 20, 1851. In that re-
port the fact is set forth, without going into all
the proceedings, in what has been lead by the Sen-
ator from Virginia, [Mr. Hunter:]
"The contract for the removal of the Choctaws, in the
performance of which his claim oris mated, stipulated
s among other things, that the conn actors should,m no event,
| set up any claim tOr any l'urrher allowance than what was
j specified ni the contract; and, on tins ground the Indian
office appear to have declined pa\ mg any part of the de-
mand now made upon the Government. The committee
are of opinion that any damages the contractors may have
sustained ) y the default of the Government,should be paid,
notwithstanding the piovision in the contract above stated."
I would aslc Senators what constitutes a private
claim if it is not where the claim is made by a pri-
vate citizen, in a case wheie, though according to
the terms of a contract he would not be entitled to
claim, yet because some action of the Government
has tended to disarrange his plans or defeat them,
he requires that the Government should compen-
sate him? Is not that a private claim? We have
now before the Committee on Private Claims half
a dozen which could notpossibly be discriminated
from this, if this is a public claim. There is a
claim before that committee for losses sustained
in building the custom-house in New York. The
contractor found that the measurements of the
architects were not furnished in due season to en-
able him to carry on his work, and he consequently
sustained a serious loss, according to his .state-
ment, and, in fact, according to the proof before
the committee. If this is not the same in prin-
ciple, if it is not a private claim, I cannot under-
stand the meaning of words; and if it is a private
claim, then the rule, if it be of any utility at all,
ought to be sustained; for if you break it in one
instance, and consider this a public claim, you
cannot diaw the distinction. While the rule re-
mains, I cannot vote that this claim shall be re-
ceived as a public claim.
Mr. BELL. An allusion having been made to
a statement of fact in the report of the committee
on this matter, it is necessary that I should oc-
cupy the attention of the Senate to explain what
follows. Now, in substance and in truth that
contract was not complied with on the part of the
Government at all. It had an excellent and intel-
ligent man, who was not interested in this con-
tract, to see to the removal of the Indians, with
due care, paying all attention to their comfort,
j The foundation of the claim commenced when the
Government failed to pay the scrip; and the In-
dians had no means of paying the debts they had
before contracted with the citizens around them.
The agent of the Government went there with
full authority not to annul the contract, but as the
representative of the Government to see to the
execution of the contract; and it was upon his
recommendation that these gentlemen went on in
fulfilling its specifications. They avowed their
inability to go on with the contract unless the
Government would comply with its portion of it.
Here are the documents. They are voluminous.
It will take much time to go over them, but they
show what was recommended to these gentlemen.
It was under the assurance of this agent of the
Government that they proceeded. There is not a
single item which is not sanctioned by the agent
of the Government. The contract was, thatnoth-
ing extra should be claimed. They claimed noth-
ing extra in the execution of the contract. The
whole question, from the very commencement,
may be said to hove been thrown open m fact,
and that these parties were persuaded to go on and
expend their money out of their own pockets, and
in many instances to borrow it, in order that they
might purchase supplies under the assurance by
an officer of the Government of its repayment by
the Government. It was the policy of the Govern-
ment to remove these Indians. As they had them
collected together, everything required that they
should be removed. It was on that ground that
the Committee on Indian Affairs thought that this
original clause in the contract, in regard to noth-
ing extra being claimed, should not be enforced,
for the very first step of the Government was to
violate its own contract. Here are the figures to
show that upon a certain day they were assem-
bled, and that it was agreed that the scrip would
be on the ground; whereas the scrip was not
issued for two or three months afterwards. And
so of the other items. I do not remember all of
them now, but I think every one of them had the
sanction of the agent of the Government. These
gent'emen did not go on entirely blindly. They
went on under the assurance of Mr. Barstow that
it was the policy of the Government, founded on
the treaty of 1830, and was confirmed by the act
of 1842, and by the appropriation for their re-
moval. The Government thought they could get
these Indians removed cheaper by contract. They
made contracts with these gentlemen, who were
ready to fulfill them; and the Government failed to
supply the means according to agreement. I think,
therefore, that this case can be clearly discrim-
inated from the kind of cases alluded to by the
Senator from Virginia.
Mr. HUNTER. I desire to read an extract
from the report of the Senator from Tennessee,
which seems to me to place this claim upon its
true ground:
iC Tt appeals that the contractors did sustain great dam-
age, and wore subject to great expense, not necessarily con-
nected with the fulfillment of their contract, by the failure
of the Government lo fnim.-h the scrip in due time, which
was to have been deliveied to the Indians before their de-
parture for the country $>et apart for them west of the Mis-
sissippi. Of the whole amount claimed by way of damages
against the Government, the sum of ,«K5,f>0o is based upon
ipsiics and supplier furnished to the Indiana by the con-
tiacton5, on vauous occasions."
That is to say, that they make the claim be-
cause, by the failure of the Government to furnish
the scrip' in due time to the Indians, the Indians
could not pay their debts and obligations to the
contractors. Owing to the failure of the Govern-
ment to discharge its obligation to the Indians, the
contractor say the Indians could not discharge
their obligations to them; which is precisely what
I stated in the beginning; and if that does not con-
stitute a private claim, and is not founded upon
the mere equity of the transaction, I do not know
what is.
Mr. BELL. I would ask the Senator whether
that is not sufficiently presented there, so as to ap-
pear distinctly to his mind that those were sup-
plies that need not have been furnished but for the
failure of the Government to issue the scrip? I
apprehend thathas relation to the item for supplies
which were furnished to the Indians when they
were in encampment, or assembled together ready
to remove, and that while they were waiting for
the issue of the scrip which had been promised.
The contractors had, necessarily, to furnish sup-
plies which they were not bound by the contract
to furnish, in furtherance of the policy of our
Government still to hold the Indians together to
get them to remove when the scrip should come.
Mr. HUNTER. My impression is that the
