1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
373
with it. He had too much regard for his own
reputation. He had too mueh regard to a sense of
propriety to interfere in a matter so delicate, and
one in reference to which there was so much room
for misapprehension, to say the least. He would
not interfere with the duties which properly be-
5onged to another officer. Now, sir, whoever will
inquire into the course of proceeding in this be-
half adopted by the present Secretary of State—
whoever will examine that course thoroughly and
critically, and sift it to the bottom, will find that
when he came into office, he did instantly and
eagerly what the former Secretary of State (Mr.
Clayton) had refused to do. He assumed upon
himself the negotiation for the payment of the in-
stallments of" the Mexican indemnity at once'—
almost immediately. It was but a few days from
the time he commenced his official course, that he
instituted a negotiation with the bankers and bro-
kers for the payment of a large sum of money,
for which, perhaps, at some future day, Congress
might make an appropriation. Now, T ask, what
authority the Secretary of State had for this? I
ask why he disregarded the precedents in the case?
—why he assumed the duty of another officer?
To learn what that duty is, we have but to look at
the bill before us. What are its provisions? Jt
simply makes an appropriation of so much money
to be paid out of the Treasury in liquidating the
debt due to Me.sico. Now, sii, there is no legisla-
tor in the country; there is no man who has had
anything to do with the affairs of his own com-
monwealth, or even with the affaiis of his own
county or township, who is not competent to de-
cide this question—who does not know that when
there is nothing to be done but to pay a certain
sum of money out of the Treasury, it becomes the
duty of the Treasurer to make that payment, and
not the duty of any other officer.
It is doubtless the duty of the Secretary of State
to negotiate treaties with foreign ministers. Cut
when the negociation is concluded, and nothing
remains but to appropriate a sum of money out of
the Treasury, 1 hold, and I believe it has always
been held in the history of this Government, that
the duties of the Secretary of State have been dis-
charged, and that the payment of the money is a
duty which belongs to another officer. j
But I must hasten onward. 1 took occasion
last year, in the course of the discussion upon this
bill—though it came suddenly upon me—m the
discharge of what I believed to be my duty, to
charge upon the present Secretary of State un-
necessary and improper interference in a transac-
tion which did not devolve upon his office, and for
which there is no evidence that he is peculiarly
qualified to undertake. The Secretary of the
Treasury, but not the Secretary of State, is se-
lected for his skill in financial affairs. I further
urged upon this House, that the relations which
the present Secretary of State sustains to_ the capi-
talists and bankers, are such as render it highly
improper and unfit that he should take it upon
himself, unnecessarily, to discharge the duties
he assumed. Now, what were those relations?
It had come to my knowledge—and it seemed
to me a proper matter for the knowledge of the
House—that when the Secretary of State took
upon himself the office which he now holds, he
entered into a negotiation quite as remarkable, to
say the least, as the negotiation which it appears
he made with the Barings and their associates.
It was a negotiation with men of a character, class,
and description similar to that of Mr. Ward, of
Boston, and Howland & Aspinwall, of New
York; a negotiation, by which, as an inducement
for Mr. Webster to take the office which he now
holds, a sum of money was to be furnished—
■S50 000 to support him in that office. Now, I
do 'not say that Mr. Ward was a party m this
negotiation, either directly or indirectly, nor do 1
say that he was in any way a contributor to that
fund. Neither do I say that lie was not directly
or indirectly a contributor. I know the names
of some of them. When the collector passed
through certain streets in the city of Boston,
calling upon the neighbors of that gentleman
and his associates in like condition with him-
self, for their respective contributions, 1 do not
know what mark he may ha\e found upon the
door-posts of that gentleman, whicn induced him
to pass his house, without calling upon him
also for his contribution. Nor do I know tnat
when the collection was taken up m the city of
New York, among those who are familiarly called |
the upper-tendom there, that Messrs. Howland j
& Aspinwall were contributors also; but I am
satisfied of this fact, and I offered at the time to
prove to this House, by evidence then within the
reach of my voice, that the associates of these men,
if not themselves also, were among the persons
who were contributors to this fund.
[Here a message was received from the Presi-
dent of the United States, by the hands of Mil-
lard P. Fili.more, his Private Secretary.]
Mr. ALLEN, (resuming.) Now, it is for this
House to say, and for the country to say, whether
these facts should be made known, or should not.
Murk the time iclien the contract iras entered into toitli
the Baring? and their associate*. Maik the time, also,
w hen the contract was entered into for the raising of
the sum of $50,000 to support Mr. Webster in the
office of Secretary of State, by the same description
of men to whom tlmy belong, if not by themselves
also. When was this contract made with the
Barings? On the 31st day of August, 1850, Mr.
Green writes to Mr. Webster informing him that
such an arrangement had been made by him with
the Government of Mexico, that he was author-
ized to negotiate for the payment of this money, j
Two day s'after, the Secretary of State replies that j]
he had already made "a definite arrangement a j
few weeks ago with Barings, Brothers & Co., How- j;
land & Aspinwall, and Corcoran & Biggs," for a
payment of this money. You will bear til mind ||
that this letter from Green to Webster was writ- 1,
ten upon the 31st day of August, and the reply upon |
the 2d of September. If you will turn to that reply, ,|
found in the Telegraph, which has been laid upon |
, our tables, you will find the Secretary says a "defi- , j
nite arrangement " was completed some weeks be- '
! fore that period. Well, the Secretary had not then ;
I been in office six weeks. He took the office on the |
' 22d of July, and the proposition of Mr. Green!
I was made on the 31st ot August; and he replies j
What -'a few weeks ago a definite arrangement
'had been made. "When was the other definite ar-
rangement made? At the time the Secretary took
■ his office. Just befoie he accepted the office the
agreement was made as to the sum to be raised,and
capitalists wen ton and consequently raised the mo-
ney. Now, if the contract was made with Barings '
and their associates some week's before this propo-
sition of Mr. Green to Mr. Webster, does it not ;
follow iiresistibly that the contract was going on
with Mr. Ward and Howland & Aspinwall at the
very time when the negotiation was going on for :
raising this sum of ^n0,000' Now, sir, tnese
things are joined together by facts which belong
to the immutable history of the past, and no man's
ingenuity can put them asunder. And it is for
gentlemen to say—and not you only whom 1 ad-
dress, but it is for the couniiy to say, whether a
I free representati\e of a portion of the free people of
J this country ought, upon an occasion like this, to
| make a disclosure of these facts, or to withhold
I them? There was a denial ill this House of the
! truth of the facts, but that denial was followed by
; ail offer to prove them upon the spot. The friends
! of the Secretary came forward and resisted to the
' utmost any investigation, upon the proffer of an
■ investigation made m my behalf, and urged by
me, and upon a proffer lo piove the facts as I had
advanced them. And tlnuugli that influence, and
thiough the force of artful appeals to prejudi.es
which, I trust, have been weakened since the last
Congress, the fiiends of the Secretary were able
to prevent that disclosure, and to preclude an ex-
amination into the facts of the case at that period,
when certainly there was ample time for full ex-
amination.
I ylr, I hasten on. Although there was the de-
nial I have spoken of, yei it was found to be
unsafe, olid the friends of the Hecretaiy after-
wards, at Boston and elsewheie, admitted the
material facts in this case. It was admitted that
1 the money was raised, and at the time it was
'• alleged to have been raised. But false issues were
| presented through the papers. I have not seen
! fit to meet those issues or correct those misrepre-
saltations. This is the fit time, and this House
' the nroper place, to reinstate the true issue.
One newspaper, friendly to the Secretary, as-
serted that one Mr. Haven, of Boston, receded
1 the proposition fiom Mr. Webster to have this
i sum of money procured, and then Mr. Haven
i comes before the public in a letter, and says he
j did not receive such a proposition; and to assure
the public of the fact, he publishes a letter which
he says he did m fact receive from Mr. Webster.
It is the very remarkable epistle written just after
the death of General Taylor, m which Mr. Web-
ster says that no man who is not " rich or a batch-
elor " can afford to take the officer of Secretary o'f
State. He also informs Mr. Haven that the pres-
ent is the time to be taken by the forelock, and con-
cludes with recommending lo that office a distin-
guished gentleman of Massachusetts,whom nobody
else had thought of, and whose lamented physical
infirmities had compelled him to resign the com-
paratively light labors of presiding officer over a
literary institution. The letter thus made public,
furnished to discerning men satisfactory proof of
that which it was supposed by Mr. Haven to con-
ceal or refute. 1 did not introduce the name of
that gentleman into ihe debate of last year. His
controversy, if he lias any, is with other persons.
I will, ill closing, advert to one other misrepre-
sentation, by which the friends of the Secretary
sought to palliate the transaction they could no
longer deny. It is the assertion that the contribu-
tors to the Secretary's subsidy were men who had
retired fiom public, life, and the concerns of busi-
ness, and who weic induced, by most disinterested
considerations of regard, to tender a gratuitous
acknowledgment of services rendered to the coun-
try. If such had been the nature of the transac-
tion, a publication of the names of the generous
donors would have furnished the readiest and most
satisfactory evidence of the fact. But, sir, when-
ever the friends of the Secretary shall consent to
an investigation of the subject before a committee
of this House, it will be made to appear that this
statement of the transaction is as unfounded as it
is improbable. Having sought heretofore forua
full development of the circumstances under which
the Secretary entered upon Ins office, nothing re-
mains for me to do, but to evince my readiness to
enter upon an investigation of the facts, whenever
the objections to the appointment of a committee
for that purpose shall be withdrawn; and I pledge
myself to this House to prove, whenever an op-
portunity shall be piesentcd, all and more than all
1 have asserted.
Mr. ALLEN expressed a wish to continue
[Cries " Let him go on " Let him go oil!"]
Mr. ALLEN. Will the gentleman allow nn; a
few moments?
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. Are these few
moments to come out of niy tnne?
I The CHAIRMAN. They will.
Mr. DAVIS. Then 1 will not allow huu the
tenth part of a second.
! Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. If the gentleman
fiom Massachusetts will allow me, 1 will say 1!<at
there is ft response to the rcsolution which wc pfis^ed.
yesterday. 1 Mi !>'cst that it be read now.
Mr DAVIS. "1 would lather go on now. Mr.
Chairman, as it regards the general points which
have been raised here 111 reference to the payment
i of this indemnity, 1 have not the advantage of the
I experience whicii many gentlemen about me pos-
j ses's. But for some peculiar circumstances, (
I should have been content, and, indeed, 1 should
I have preferred to have heard tins debate through,
! a„(l argued upon its general questions, by gentle-
men much moie competent than myself to aigue
them, and to have guen my vote as I might hove
finally made up my mind upon the argument. But
before proctiding to dwell upon some particular
! consultations, 1 will merely say that the impres-
1 won left ui)on my mind if, that there can he but
two questions heir. The .esolvc betoie the House
i ,s for the apoiopnitioo of tln-ee millions of money
!i in pacment oi the last installment dim from us to
Mexico l.y the treaty of G wjbWfe Hidalgo, ami
. falling due may .'list, IhfrJ. It  . will understood
that this appropriation, when made, unless Con-
gress shall otherwise diuvt. will pass through the
State Department. On the question whether such
I vehicle of payment is in conformity with usage,
' or whether there is any objection to it in princi-
ple, I have madi no personal examination of au-
i thorities. .Y:i;I v, lnle it appeals to me that two
I minds of equal fairness and amteiiess might, per-
■ haps will, come to opposite conclusions upon this
i question of form, trentuig it as ail original ques-
tion, I still see no reason for disturbing the con-
' elusion to which General Taylor's Cabinet, two
: successive Democratic Committees of Ways ana
;i Means, and the last House of Representatives
lj have successively arrived on thai point. Una
