128-6
THE -CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 7,
The sixteenth and seventeenth .joint rales, re-
ferred to in the second proposed amendment, are
as follows:.
-16. No bill that shall have.passed one House shall t>e sent
for concurrence to the other on either of the three last days
of the session. • -
17. No bill or resolution that shall have passed the House
of Representatives and the Senate, shall be presented to the
President of the United States, lor his approbation, on.the
last day of the session.
Mr. BADGER. I will modify the second res-
olution. -I find that there'is a rule of the Senate to
•which it' will come in properly as an addiiion. I
propose to modify it so as to read "Resolved, That'
ihe following be added to the 26th rule of the
Senate/'
I will also modify the proposed amendment by
adding after the words "shall always be in order,"
the words "be immediately considered and."
Mr. WALKER. What is the 30th rule?
Mr. BADGER. I will explain the effect of my
resolutions. The<30th rule is the rule which was
adopted during the'last Congress,-which provides
that nro amendment making an appropriation shall
be moved to any general appropriation bill, unless
it is to carry out" some existing law or is founded
upon an estimate from the head of a Department.
1 propose now to add "or moved by direction, of
a standing committee in the Senate." The object
of it is' to allow the standing committees of this
body, who ark charged with various subjects, mili-
tary affairs, naval affairs, &c., when they deem
an amendment proper to' an appropriation bill, to
direct it to be moved: that is all.
The other amendment of the rules X presume
Senators will understand at once. The sixteenth
and seventeenth joint rules prevent the sending
from the one House to the other, on the last three
days of the session, any bill, and also the sending
to the Presidentof the United States, for approval,
on the three last days of the session, any bill.
The consequence of this is well known to all
gentlemen who have been here for two or three
years.
We have got, now, in the habit of passing all
the important business ofthe Senateand the House
during the last three days of the session. The
consequence of the present state of the rule is, that
if a bill has been ever so well considered and ma-
tured in the Senate, and has been passed upon
either ofthe last three days of the session, we can-
not get it to the House of Representatives in order
to have their sense upon it. So, if a bill, how-
ever well considered, has passed both Houses, we
cannot get it to the President of the United States
for his approval, because a motion to suspend the
rules, if objected to, being in the nature of a resolu-
tion, has to lie over a day, and because it is a mo-
tion that is subject to debate, and any gentleman,
if he thinks proper to do so, can prevent a bill
going to the President on the last three days of
the session, by simply consuming time in debate.
That is the effect ofthe rule, as it is at present.
Mr TIALE. I desire to ask the Senator from
North Carolina if, practically, the rule ever led to
any such result? and if, in practice, it ever occa-
sioned any difficulty in getting a bill through ?
Mr. BADGER. Undoubtedly. We had a
practical illustration of it at the close of the last
Congress.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I can give the gentleman
from New Hampshire a practical illustration. At
the last session, we passed a bill for the relief of
the American Colonization Society. I believe that
bill passed on the last day of the session. A mo-
tion was made to suspend the rule, in order to send
that bill to the President. It was objected to by a
gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr. Davis,] no
longer a member of tins body; but, by some
means or other,the bill got to the President, and
he signed it, it having been passed by both
Houses. The question has since come up whether
it is a law, inconsequence of its having got there
and being approved irregularly. I suppose that it
is a law, having been approved by both Houses
and by the President. But that bill reached the
President against the rule; and the question still
exists whether that bill is, oris not, the law ofthe
land. These are facts, which answerthe case sug-
gested by the gentleman from New Hampshire.
I recollect another thing. We had the river and
harbor bill up at the last session. If that bill had
been nassed during the latter days of the session,
the rale would never have been suspended, although
the bill had been debated night after night. It
was .ultimately surrendered by its friends in this
body, because if it had been passed it would have
bekn impossible to get it before the President. " I
therefore hope there will be no difficulty whatever
in modifying the rules according to the suggestions
of the gentleman from North Carolina.
.. Mr. HUNTER. Would it be in order to offer
another amendment to the 30th rule of the Senate?
The PRESIDENT. It would be in order to
offer an amendment to add to it.
Mr. HUNTER. Then I should like to have
this addition made; and if it be made, I shall have
no objection to the amendment of the Senator from
North Carolina:
Butno estimate shall be considered a5? coming within this
rule unle&s it is accompanied by a recommendation for a
coiresponding appropriation by the head ofthe Department
wlto makes the estimate.
I wish to require a recommendation as well as
an estimate before amendments, making additional
appropriations, can be offered to appropriation
bills.
Mr. BADGER. I have no objection to that
amendment. It is all right; but I would suggest
to the Senator from Virginia? that it would be better
to modify his proposition by adding after the word
" estimate" the words u accompanied by a recom-
mendation for an appropriation."
Mr. HUNTER. I am willing to modify it in
that way.
The PRESIDENT. The proposition cannot
be received as an amendment in that shape.
Mr. BADGER. I would suggest to the Sena-
tor from Virginia that he can propose his amend-
ment after my proposition shall have been dis-
posed of.
Mr. HUNTER. Very well, sir.
Mr. BRIGHT. I am very unwilling to see the
least innovation made upon the rules of this body,
without understanding wherein they are to be
altered. It occurs to me that the harmony of our
rules is very much dependent one upon another.
I have no doubt there are important changes that
might be made. The question I think was before
the Senate at the last session, and was referred to
a committee, of which I believe the honorable Sen-
ator from North Carolina was a member. I think
the committee never acted.
Mr. BADGER. The gentleman is mistaken.
There was no committee raised for the general
revisal of the rules; but there was a select com-
mittee raised on a particular amendment to the
rules which I offered, of which the Senator from
Indiana, the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Davis,] and myself/w^re members.
Mr. BRIGHT. That committee was appoint-
ed; but I think the committee never performed
the duty assigned to it.
Mr. BADGER. 0, yes we did,
Mr. BRIGHT. There was a change made in
our rules a year or two ago, whereby it was de-
clared out of order for amendments, proposing
additional appropriations, to be offered to the civil
and diplomatic, and other general appropriation
bills, unless they were made to carry out the pro-
visions of some existing law, or some act or reso-
lution previously passed by the Senate during that
session, or in pursuance of an estimate from the
head of some ofthe Departments; and absolutely
prohibiting amendments whose object was to pro-
vide for a private claim, although the same may
have been previously sanctioned by the Senate.
The object of that amendment to the rules was to
prevent private claims, one after another, at the
close of the session, being put upon the civil and
diplomatic bill at a time when members could
have no opportunity of judging of the merits of
the measures presented. I approved that change
then, as I do now.
Mr. BADGER. I do not propose to alter that
portion of the rule.
Mr.BPUGHT. I think the rule as it stands is
a very wholesome one, and one well calculated to
prevent the passage of claims without mature de-
liberation. It may be that the change proposed by
the honorable Senator from North Carolina is cor-
rect. If he says it is so, I should feel very much
inclined to think that it was so; but 1 see no ne-
cessity for acting upon it immediately, and there-
fore I would be glad if it should be passed over
until I could have an opportunity of looking some-
what into it.
Mr. BADGER. I hope the matter will not be
passed over. The proposed amendment to the
rules is a very simple one, and there is not a mem-
ber of this body who cannot understand the effect
of it "in two seconds. The amendment is to au-
thorize additional appropriations to be moved in
relation to public matters, by the direction of any
one of the standing committees of this body. If
the standing committees of this body are not to
be intrusted with the consideration of the propri-
ety of moving such amendments, and cannot offer
them, I pray you, where is the Senate in regard to
these appropriation bills? They originate in the
House of Representatives. The committees of
that House put what amendments they please
upon them. They come here to the Senate, and,
though every standing committee of ours may
concur in the propriety of making an amendment,
and though every member of this body may concur
in its propriety, you cannot move an amendment
making an additional appropriation. Now, if the
Senator from Indiana is willing to sit here as a
mere register of the decrees of the House of Rep-
resentatives, I am not. Before the committee of
whieh I have the honor to be a member, we have
large and important subjects connected with the
public interests committed to us. It is our duty
to examine into them. It is our duty to see what
we think proper to be done with respect to them.
While I make no objection to a rule which pre-
cludes any individual Senator proposing these
amendments, I think it is hard, unjust, and inju-
rious to the public service, and invades the just
prerogatives of this body when the standing com-
mittees cannot propose, for the consideration of
the Senate, an appropriation which they think the
public interests of the couatry require.
This resolution has not been sprung upon the
Senate. It has been lying upon the tnhie for more
than a week. I have waited' patiently. I have
put it off from day to dayJ, arid it seems to me that
the sense of the Senate should be ascertained by
this time. If they are disposed to adopt the
amendment to the rules, I hope it will not be post-
poned. But if they are not, I shall submit to
their authority, as I always do. I bow to the will
of the majority. That is my doctrine.
Mr. BRIGHT. I asked for the postponement
of this subject for the reason that I before had not
had my attention called to it, having been absent.
As I said before, it may be all very correct, but I
should be glad to have an opportunity of looking
at the change proposed, and comparing it with the
other rules; but if the Senator wishes to press his
motion now, of course I shall not object.
Mr. HUNTER. If the Senator from Tndiana
wishes to examine the matter, I would ask the
Senate to take up the deficiency bill, as it is now
one o'clock. We can then take up the resolution
on Monday during the morning hour.
Mr. BADGER. I wish to say that I have no
personal interest in the matter, and that individu-
ally, I care not whether the alteration is made or
not. I proposed it as a member of this body. I
believed, and I had no doubt that it would, meet the
unanimous concurrence of the Senate. I did not
believe that our rules were like Scripture, as the
Senator from Indiana seems to suppose, absolute-
ly perfect and incapable of amendment. I did not
suppose that they had that beautiful harmony and
symmetry which he seems to think they possess.
Mr. HUNTER. It is now one o'clock. I
think we had better take up the deficiency bill. I
therefore move to postpone the further considera-
tion of the resolution till Monday.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. RUSK. 1 hope the amendment will be
adopted. I wish it was in such a condition that I
could vote for the repeal of the entire thirtieth
rule, for I look upon it as a perfectly ridiculous one.
In the first place, no gentleman here representing
a sovereign State can get up and offer a single
amendment to an appropriation bill that appropri-
ates a single dollar for any object, however import-
ant, urgent, and necessary, unless he first goes,
bowing and scraping, and asks the sanction of the
head of a Department. That is the condition in
which the thirtieth rule leaves us. I will never
make such an application—I will never ask the
head of a Department for leave to propose any-
thing here which I may deem necessary and proper
for the public service, or for the advantages of my
own State. Now, according to this amendment,
in place of going to. the head of a Department for
his sanction to do anything here, we would only
