374
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 23,
that General Taylor's Cabinet, against which no
suggestion of favoritism or undue influence is, at
this time, made, acted upon the ground that this
was proper matter for negotiation by the Secretary
of State. I find under these circumstances that
Mr. Webster, in taking charge of this matter, did
no more than follow the course indicated by his
predecessors. Such was the opinion of General
Taylor's Cabinet. What, then, are the next facts
in the case? Here are two Committees, in suc-
©ession, of Ways and Means of this House that
have been organized by Democratic Houses.
They have been committees containing men of
experience and judgment—men with no particular
partialities or predilections for the Administration
or forMr. Webster. I do not know the names of
all the members of the Committee of Ways and
Means in the former House, though I have rea-
son to respect it, from what 1 have known of its
constituent members. With regard to the present
existing committee, every gentleman must under-
stand that it is not organized in such a manner
that it can be supposed to have any personal bias
or predilection for the Administration. And it
may also be stated, as regards that commit-
tee, that it is composed of a body of men of as
good judgment, of as large experience, and of as
reliable honesty as can be found m this House.
These two successive committees, upon this ab-
stract question, free from personal bias, ha*-e unan-
imously reported and taken a course sustaining the
view of the Secretary of State upon this point; or
rather, to state the thing more accurately, they
have unanimously reported theappropriation, with-
out seeing fit to recommend any interference with
the mode in which it was well understood that the
funds would be remitted. This consideration goes
a great way to satisfy my own mind, with the
limited opportunity 1 have had of making myself
personally acquainted with the subject. Presum-
ing, then, that it is regular enough that this install-
ment, falling due under a treaty with a foreign
Power,should pass through the department through
which the Government habitually communicates
with foreign Powers, what is the next considera-
tion ? Is there anything going to show the piob-
ahihty of favoritism or irregularity on the part of the
Department which is likely to be intrusted with
the payment? I see that my colleague, in his speech
just made, has introduced no new personal matter
of any importance, for 1 have examined the Con-
gressional Globe which contained the former debate
in reference to this matter. Every fact which
could be brought against the Secretary of State was
urged fully and thoroughly in the last House; but
there are a number of facts, most conclusive in their
character, in favor of Mr. W ebster's couise, which
it seems to me did notthen appear. With the full
benefit of the examination which my colleague and
others then gave (he subject, what was the lcsultr
All these questions came up, and m an anti-Ad-
inimstration House, there was a vote of something
like one hundred and twenty-eight to thirty-six
sustaining Mr. Webster. The letting out to open
bidders, the propriety of which my colleague now
deems so clear that he thinks Mr. Webster could
only have omitted it from fraudulent design, was
then urged upon the House, and rejected by a vast
majority. How idle is it now to say that there
are certain things in the action of the Secretary of
State that no man can justify, when, m point of
fact, a Democratic House after full debate, jus-
tified and sustained him at every point, 'lake
it, as the gentleman claims, that it was a contract
which might or might not be made void at the
pleasure of the House. The House went on with
a full knowledge of the facts, and confirmed and
sanctioned it. Under these circumstances, and
after such sanction and authority given by this
House, it looks like trifling to recede; and certunly
not one word can be said against the Secretary as
to the improvidence of the contract which does not
apply with a fuller force to the House, which on
full debate and knowledge ratified every step he
had taken. Thoroughly fortified, then, as the Sec-
retary is, no less by the facts of the case than by
the opinions of the numerous weighty tribunals
which have examined the case and sustained him
I must say that I should hardly have felt inclined
to trouble the House at this time, had not other
suggestions been made. From whom do they pro-
ceed? What party is before us from the outside
miking any lament or outcry? There is much
said about the sufferings of the Mexican Republic,
and there is a strong sympathy for it. Who by?
Where is the Republic? I see no Republic, nor
any one claiming to represent it. The party that
is alleged to have suffered does not say a word—
is not here, and makes no complaints. The Messrs.
Green are here, and it is their outcry only that
stuns the ear. Now, as to the complaint of the
Messrs. Green, I have only to say, that it would
be the most singular thing if they were not indig-
nant at Mr. Webster, who rejected their proposi-
tion. It would, indeed, be singular if they did not
hate him with a bitter, irreconcilable, Indian hatred.
Why not? But for him they think they would
have received a princely fortune, wrung from the
necessities of Mexico. They have one hundred and
seventy-five thousand good reasons for hating him.
These men expected, without capital, by the use
of their wits in going backwards and forwards be-
tween these Governments, to put into their pockets
what they call, in one of their papers, " the paltry
commission" of $175,000. There is, sir, a touch-
ing generosity of soul exhibited in the first ground
which these gentlemen allege as their reason for
interposing between ours and the Mexican Gov-
ernment. I read from their memorial addressed
to the President:
" Mr. Marks was also a warm personal friend and ad-
mirer of the present distinguished head of the Mexican
Government, and ol the members of the then existing Cabi-
net, and his arid our attention was drawn to tins subject of
the indemnity It'ss by any desire to make a jrrofit out of it
for ourselves than by sympathy for the Mexican Govern-
ment, and indignation at the combinations foimed by for-
eign bankets to plunder the Treasury of our own Govern-
ment, as well as Mexico."
But this disinterested sympathy yields presently
to the austere suggestions of prudence, enforced
by Scripture. They go on to say—
" But, siij we have it fiom high authority that the laborer
is deserving ol his toward; and the Mexican Government,
m availing itself of our labors and suggestions, could not,
m honesty and good faith, do less than admit that wc were
entitled, as compensation, to some small paitof the large
sums thus to be saved to both Governments."
This " small part" they afterwards describe as
follows:
" Our compensation was thus to be only on the $.->,000,000,
and was the difleicnce between the pienuum to be paid to
the United States, (cay toui and a half pen cent.,) and the
eight per cent, to be allowed by the Mexican Government,
viz : 5j175,UUU."
Now, sir, when you find that the three great
houses, witii solid capital, to whom Mr. Webster
intrusted this business, actually made on the three
millions paid over by them less than thirty thou-
sand dollars profit, you will be prepared to esti-
mate at its true value the "sympathy for the
Mexican Government," which would have ex-
torted $175,000 for the mere service of getting our
Government's name to some bills of exchange.
Now, we have the fact that Mexico makes no
complaint, and that every dollar due to her has
been paid with austere and rigid punctuality.
I will suppose another state of things which, if
it had existed, might possibly have given ground
for just suspicion. 1 will suppose that Mr. Web-
ster had withdrawn the transaction of this great
affair from the ancient and solid banking house
which had for nearly three quarters of a century
faithfully and accurately transacted similar business
for this Government, and had put it in the hands
of two gentlemen, not capitalists or bankeis, an'd
who received $173,000 for causing him to give the
business that direction. I can imagine that in such
a case not e\en the high character of Mr. Web-
ster would have protected so singular a transaction
fiom something of suspicion. His employing the
houses which he did employ, at the very moderate
rates of profit which they did actually realize, is
in fact the most simple, natural, and probable
transaction in the world. No one can read the
memorial of the Messrs. Green without being-
struck with the skill with which their griefs for
the alleged sufferings of Mexico, and for their
own failure to shave ^175,000 out of Mexico, are
blended and harmonized. A popular poet recites
the not dissimilar incident of a shipwrecked crew
suffering the additional loss of the ship's cutter,
containing a number of their comrades, as well as
a quantity of necessary provisions. The grief of
the survivors is thus described, in language which
the complaints of the Messrs. Greui do not fail
to cali to mind—
" They grieved for those who penshed in the cutter,
And also Jor the biscuit, casks, and butler
But I concur with the Messrs. Green in one
point, I think Mexico is entitled to careful and
generous treatment at our hands. She has suffered
enough from our armies, without being further
depleted by our money leeches. Never was an
act wiser or more righteous than that which gave
Mexico her installment dollar for dollar,at a profit
to the contractors of less than one per cent., and
saved her from paying to intermediate brokers
alone a shave of four.
My colleague, upon the one hand, is resolute
in his condemnation of Mr. Webster for making
any contract; and, upon the other, argues that
the Government ought to have gone on and ac-
cepted these bills. It is a remarkably constituted
mind which sees no legal difficulties in the way of
the Government's accepting bills, or making the
payments in Washington m contravention of the
treaty, but sees mountains in the way of the Sec-
retary's making a legal contract to provide for the
payment of the installments m Mexico according
to the treaty. General Green I do not know per-
sonally, and certainly in relation either to him or
to Benjamin E. Green, I have no disposition to say
anything harsh. It is obvious that they have suc-
ceeded, to some slight extent, in impressing with
their views some gentlemen in this Hall who, per-
haps, have not had full opportunity to exam-
ine the subject. I have, however, been struck
throughout this debate at the caution which gentle-
men, who have taken the other side of the ques-
tion, have used in speaking of the Secretary of
State. They have only alluded to him so far as
is necessary to aid in the making out of their case.
They have not traveled out of the record for the
purpose of investigating his private affairs. That
has not been resorted to out of a House of two
hundred and forty-two members, composed of
gentlemen of various feelings and politics, except
by one gentleman who 1msgone without the record
to investigate the private relations of Mr. Webster.
Now, is not it possible that he may be mistaken in
his own motives and feelings? Did not it occur to
him that this debate was not sufficiently spicy, and
that the stimulus of a little hatred ought to be
thrown in " to make the mixture slab and good?"
Did not he, as the debate proceeded, and gentleman
after gentleman arose opposed to the Administra-
tion, treating the question upon general grounds,
and particularly when that letter came in from these
bankers which shows they only made three and a
half per cent, upon the transaction, including
two and a half per cent received for the loan of
their own funds where the Greens had intended
to have made §175,000, have something of the
feeling of a lawyer whose client unexpectedly
settles a promising case before trial, or a phy-
sician whose patient gets well without giving
a chance for any expenditure of medicine? It
did appear to me, that after the statement of those
agents was received and read, there was nothing
left for the rancor of the most rancorous to feed
upon. I remember that an English historian re-
marks (very unjustly, I think) of the Puritans,
1 that they were opposed to the practice of bear-
| bating, not because it was cruel to the bears,
j but because it was pleasing to the spectators; and
: there are some, possibly, to whom a great princi-
ple does not seem acceptable or lovely, unless it
I can be contorted into the means of giving pain
i or tortuie—unless there can be a wound inflicted,
! and the poisoned knife twisted in the wound.
! And we find a most singular combination here.
I We find General Green, whose controlling reason
| for hating the Secretary of State was the loss of
; these profits, linked in the bands of common ha-
i tred with gentlemen in this House to whom, in
I every other particular, he is most diametrically
j opposed. Gentlemen who, in their political asso-
! ciations, hate each other most cordially, are here
! brought together in the same truckle-bed. Al-
though my colleague took great pains to separate
Mr. Green's claim from the general merits of the
case, still this case is brought into the House by
Green's memorial, and it is Green's memorial and
Green's views which constitute the basis upon
which this controversy has been carried on. Up
to 1848, the time when my colleague left the Phila-
delphia Convention because Mr. Webster was not
nominated as a candidate for the Presidency, and
! because General Taylor was—I couple the two
! things—so far was he from thinking ill of Mr.
Webster, that relations of strong friendship sub-
] sisted between them, and he considered him a
; proper person to fill the highest office within the
1 gift of the people. What has he told us to-day?
