2150
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 10,
foundation of the claim was, that the Indians were
bound to the contractors for supplies, and would
have paid for them if the Government had issued
the scrip; but the Government not issuing it, they
could not pay them.
Mr. BELL. No, sir, that is not the foundation
of this part of the claim; but another part, for
some $15,000 or $18,000, is founded upon supplies
furnished by these gentlemen to the Indians, for
which they were to be repaid out of the scrip.
But in the mean time—and they removed some one
thousand or eleven hundred of them—the Govern-
ment changed its policy in relation to it, and said
they would not pay them scrip at all; and hence
the claim.
Mr. HUNTER. I wish to be properly in- j
formed upon the facts of the case, and ask the
Senator if a great portion of this claim does not
arise upon the ground that the Indians could not
pay their debts to the contractors, because the
Government did not give the scrip?
Mr. BELL. That is the ground for a claim of
about $18,000, I believe.
Mr. BAYARD. It seems tome that the argu-
ment of the honorable Senator from Tennessee
goes to the justice of the claim. I can make no
objection to its justice. So faras I understand it,
I think it is perfectly just; and from the knowledge
which I possess, I would not oppose it if it came
in a proper shape. But that it is a private claim,
I do not doubt. What distinguishes it from the
case I hold in my hand, which has been reported
upon by th^ committee at this, and previous ses-
sions—the case of Matthews, Wood & Hall,
contractors with the Government for building the
custom-house at NewYork? In the onecase,the
Government contracted for the erection of a public
building;; in the other, for the removal of Indians.
Matthews, Wood & Hall make a claim, which
has always been treated as a private clai m, founded
on the fact that the Government had not complied
with the stipulations of the contract, by furnishing
the measurements necessary to enable them to
carry on the work. They were thrown over for
the season at great expense. They claimed dam-
ages for it. It was referred to the Solicitor of the
Treasury, who made an award in their favor, but
no attempt was made to put it in a general appro-
priation bill. It came before the Committee on
Claims, and they, with some reduction upon the
amount estimated, reported in favor of the claim-
ants. It is essentially a private claim, arising out
of a contract made in reference to a public matter.
And where is the difference here? Is not this a
mere private claim for equitable damages arising, as
the honorable Senator from Tennessee says, from
the non-performance by the Government of a con-
tract entered into by the proper officers? And what
is that hut a private claim? I submit, if the rule
be preserved it is impossible, however just the
claim may be—and I believe it is just—that it can
be included within the rule, without a precedent
for including the claim which 1 hold in my hand,
just as much as that, or any claim of a similar
character.
Mr. BADGER. I desire to contribute my
mite to the consumption of this day, and to aid
in illustrating the excellence of that rule which
the honorable Senator from Virginia persuaded
the Senate to adopt during the last Congress; a
rule which no two men in the Senate understand
alike, and which presents this extraordinary spec-
tacle, that every time it is undertaken to be en-
forced, a day is taken up in deciding whether the
amendment falls within it or not. I make that
preliminary remark as the basis of the notice
which I now give, that I will to-morrow move to
take up the resolution which I submitted seven
weeks ago, to rid the Senate of this time-consum-
ing, mischievous rule, which occupies the whole
time of the Senate upon these bills, in deciding
whether we can consider questions, instead of con-
sidering and deciding them.
Having said this much, I desire to make this
remark: When my friend from Tennessee of-
fered this provision as an amendment to the defi-
ciency bill, I said, and voted accordingly, that I
thought it was a private claim within the rule, and
excluded by it. I have been satisfied, in the dis-
cussion which has taken place to-day, that I was
wrong, and I believe, and shall so vote, that it is
a public claim, within the meaning of the rule,
and ought to be received.
The question was then taken by yeas and nays
on receiving the amendment, and resulted—yeas
30, nays 14; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Atchison,Badger,Bell, Brooke,
Cass, Charlton, Clarke, Clemens, Cooper, Dawson, De
Saus.-ure, Dodge of Wisconsin, Douglas, Fish, Foot, Hous-
ton, Jones of Iowa, Jones of Tennessee, Mason, Morton,
Sebastian, Shields, Smith, Spruance, Sumner, Toucey,
Upham,Wade, and Welter—30.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Bright, Brodhead, Butler, Chase,
Felch, Geyer, Hunter, King, Meriwether, Norris, Pratt,
Stockton, and Walker—14.
So the Senate decided the amendment to be in
order.
The amendment was then agreed to.
Mr. ATCHISON. Mr. President, under the
direction of the Committee on Indian Affairs, I
offer the following amendment:
For defraying expanses incident to the visit of the Pueblo
Indians,and their attendants, from New Mexico to Wash-
ington, and to detray their expenses to their homes, the sum
ot $tf,50O.
For general objects incident to Indian service in New
Mexico, $20,000.
I am informed by a letter from the Department
of the Interior, that these estimates would have
been laid before the Committee of Ways and
Means in the House, but for the fact that the De-
partment was waiting for the arrival of Governor
Calhoun, of New Mexico, from whom they ex-
pected to obtain all the information necessary to
enlighten them upon this subject. But, unfortu-
nately, Governor Calhoun died before he reached
the State of Missouri. I believe he died upon the
frontier of that State. Since his death, his secre-
tary has arrived in this city, and it is upon a letter
and information furnished by him that the Depart-
ment of the Interior now ask this appropriation,
by way of amendment to this bill.
These Indians are a small delegation, consisting
of four Indians, perhaps, and an interpreter and
guide. The appropriation is asked to pay their
expenses from New Mexico here, and on their
return home. The general appropriation of §20,000
is asked for the purpose of complying with prom-
ises made by Governor Calhoun, the Superin-
tendent of Indian Affairs, ex officio, in that Terri-
tory, to certain tribes of Indians within its limits.
The estimate made by the Secretary amounted to
some $89,300; but the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs, in view of the next session of Congress
being so near at hand, has cut them down to
$27,500, and it is for that sum I ask the appropri-
ation now, by way of amendment to the bill. If
any Senator desires it, the letter of the Secretary
can be read.
Mr. HUNTER. I desire to ask whether this
visit of the Indians was authorized by the Gov-
ernment, or whether they were merely sent here
by an agent?
Mr. ATCHISON. I understand that it was
authorized and very much desired by this Govern-
ment. They are the only New Mexican Indians
that everdid visit the United States, and I am told
that they are somewhat advanced in civilization
beyond most Indians in New Mexico. They
were sent here by Governor Calhoun, Superin-
tendent of Indian Affairs there, and it was desired
by the Government; and the appropriation is now
asked for to defray the expenses.
Mr. HUNTER. Did I understand that Gov-
ernor Calhoun was authorized by the Department
to bring them on ?
Mr. ATCHISON. I so understand it.
Mr. HUNTER. If that be so, I have no ob-
jection to the amendment; but this practice of
agents bringing Indians here on their own motion,
ought to be stopped.
Mr. ATCHISON. It has been.
Mr. DAWSON. I know these Indians. They
are very intelligent, and can read and write the
Spanish language with great fluency. They are
sensible and honest men. They came here for the
purpose of ascertaining the character of our insti-
tutions. As the Senator from Missouri says, they
are the first New Mexican Indians who have ever
come to this country. I haveconversed with them.
They express great admiration for our people, and
deep amazement at the appearance of our country
and the power of the Government. They give it
as their opinion that it would be vastly advanta-
geous to the Government of the United States to
get the representatives of the various tribes in the
Territory of New Mexico to come here, to impress
them with our kindness toward them, and give
them apprehensions, too, of our power to punish
i them if they violate the laws of the country, or
the rights of our citizens. I have no doubt that
the $20,000 or $25,000 which it is now proposed
to appropriate, will save this Government perhaps
$250,000, or even $500,000, by the impression w©
make upon theselndians, and the information they
will carry back to their people. It will be recol-
lected that they are near five thousand miles from
us, subject to our control. These Indians had
never seen or known anything about an engine or
steamboat. They came round by Buffalo and
New York, here, and are amazed and perfectly
astonished atwhatthey have seen; and when they
go back home and tell their people with whom they
are now associated, their moral influence will be
better than the influence of all your mounted men;
they feel a moral influence; and it is an act of
kindness, charity, and benevolence, and of good
treatment on the part of our Government, thus trr
act towards them. I have a full knowledge of
these facts, having had a conversation with them,
and the only regret I fee) is, that thisamountis not
larger. The Indians must have some presents made
to them before they return; and I was about to
propose the sum of $25,000 instead of $20,000?
but some of my friends say that we had better not
change it.
It is a little remarkable that the Indians of this
Territory, that has so many Indians within its lim-
its, so many different nations of Indians—should
have no attention paid to them, whilst we have
appropriated so much money to others on our
borders. Why, sir, it is only the skillful manage-
ment of the government of the Territory of New
Mexico—the kindness of that deceased Governor
whose carnage can never be forgotten by the peo-
ple living there—which has kept these Indians
within the limits they have; and these Pueblo In-
dians who are here now, express the kindness
which they feel towards that individual, and say
that through the arrangement he made, they have
been kept in peace and quietness, under the ex-
pectation that a treaty would be made by which
they would be placed on the same footing as other
Indians. I will consume no more time of the
Senate, but hope the amendment will be agreed to.
Mr. CASS. I agree with every word that has
been said by the honorable Senator from Georgia.
It is vastly better to acquire an influence over
these Indians by kindness, and exhibiting the
power of this Government to them, than it is by
going to war with them. I know personally the
fact, that, taking the wilder Indians through this
country, and letting them see the actual power
they would have to contend with, if they went to
war, has a very good effect upon them. I shall
vote for the appropriation.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. Mr. President, I have
several amendments which I wish to offer, by the
direction of the Committee on Indian Affairs. The
first is based upon an estimate from the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs, predicated upon an esti-
mate made to him by the Colonel of the Corps of
Topographical Engineers. It is to insert the fol-
lowing:
For expenses of running and marking the eastern bound-
ary line of the Creek country, west of Arkansas, $7,990.
That expense is rendered necessary for the pur-
pose of fulfilling the stipulations of the treaty of
1830 made with the Creek Indians. By that
treaty—by which they agreed to emigrate west of
Arkansas—their boundaries were prescribed, and
the United States entered into the stipulation at
their own expense, to mark out, survey, and des-
ignate by sufficient monuments the boundaries be-
tween the Creek and Cherokee Indians. There
are two boundary lines which ought to be run,
and which, in the course of time, must be run.
The recommendation of the Department, however,
is to confine the appropriation at this time entirely
to the designation and running and marking with
monuments the eastern boundary of the Creek
country—that which separates the settled portion
of the Creek nation from the most populous part
of the country occupied by the Cherokee Indians.
It is a boundary, but a very small portion of
which is marked by any natural features. The
line is to be surveyed, marked, and designated by
monuments in order to prevent those aggressions
which sometimes willfully and sometimes without
intention are continually being made upon the part
of one tribe against the other. I understand it to
be very much desired by the Creek and Cherokee
