1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1287
require the leave of a committee. Sir, is not a
committee of this Senate to be-as much trusted as
theheadofa Department? The factis, the whole
rule goes upon a reasoning entirely degrading' to
the Senate. It supposes that members of the Sen-
ate will propose here measures that are injurious
to the public interests, and it is supposing be-
sides, that here, from a want of capacity, or from
inattention, a majority of the Senate would be
found to sanction such abuses; and in order to put
ourselves under guardianship, we are required to
go, cap in hand, and ask some head of a Department
whether we shall offer an amendment to an appro-
priation bill. Now, when we ask to be relieved
from this degrading position, and to make our
respects to a committee of five of our own body,
it seems we are to be refused even that.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, I think the
Senator from Texas does not understand this rule
which he is criticising so severely. 1 do not un-
derstand that no member can offer an amendment
unless he shows an estimate from the head cf a
Department, or that it was designed to give the
Department that sort of supervision over the con-
duct of our business. The design of the rule was
to place the business here as it stands in the other
House. It was supposed that the Committee on
Finance, like the Committee on Ways and Means
in the House, ought only to report appropriations
for the purpose of carrying out existing laws, or
for the purpose of sustaining estimates founded
upon law; and the provision in the rule in relation
to estimates, was intended to give to an adminis-
tration which was in the minority a chance of pre-
senting its measures. I acknowledge that by con-
struction the rule has been somewhat abused; but
I propose to offer an amendment which wili rem-
edy it, to require that every estimate shall be ac-
companied by a positive recommendation before
it cam be the foundation of an amendment. I have
not opposed the amendment to the rule proposed
.by the Senator from North Carolina. On the
contrary, I signified my disposition to acquiesce
in it, provided we could also obtain this other
amendment which 1 have suggested. I believe that
the rule is a most salutary and wholesome one, and
that so far from having the tendency which the
Senator from Texas intimates, it is rather respect-
ful to the other committees, for it throws all the
origination of new business into the hands of the
appropriate committees, and takes it from the Fi-
nance Committee.
Mr. ATCHISON. Mr. President, I concur
with the Senator from Texas. If I understand
the matter aright, the thirtieth rule is an interpo-
lation into the rules as they formerly stood. If I
can obtain my object by moving to strike out all
of this resolution after the word "resolved," and
inserting a proposition to rescind the thirtieth rule,
I shall do so. The old rules, as they stood, left
it discretionary with the Senate. Any member of
the Senate might offer an amendment to an appro-
priation bill. It was then a matter of discretion
with the Senate whether they would sustain the
proposition or reject it, the same as if it were an
amendment offered to any other bill. I wish to
get back to the old rules. I do not want the inter-
vention of a committee. I do not desire to be
shackled, even by a committee. If it would be in
order, I would move to strike out all of the first
resolution of the Senator from North Carolina,
after the word " Resolved," and insert, " that the
thirtieth rule be, and it is hereby rescinded."
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I hope that proposition
will prevail. I think my friend from Indiana is
the last gentleman in this body who ought to ob-
ject to it. If I recollect rightly, it was upon his
motion, without the sanction of a committee—
without any report from a committee—without
any recommendation from a Department—that he
obtained, under the old order of things, an appro-
priation to purchase a site for a marine hospital at
Evansville. I joined with him most heartily, and
the proposition was carried, proceeding entirely
from his own motion. Now, I think that the rest
of us who represent States, ought to have the
privilege, if anything interesting to our States oc-
cur, and we shall have the ability and power to
convincc the Senate of the propriety of its adop-
tion, to bring forward any proposition, and submit
it to the calm consideration of the Senate. I want
that privilege for myself, and I hope, therefore,
that the proposition of the Senator from Missouri
will prevail.
Mr. BRIGHT. Mr. President, when I ob-
jected to the consideration of this proposition this
morning, I stated that I did it without understand-
ing really the merits of the question presented by
the Senator from North Carolina, and. that I only
olyeeted for the reason that I desired time lest the
harmony of our rules might be marred by this in-
terpolation. I recollect very well that when the
present thirtieth rule of the Senate was offered by
the honorable Senator from Virginia as an amend-
ment, it was hailed all over the Senate Chamber
as a rule calculated to prevent improper legislation.
At the close of every session, previously, each
member who had had a claim here that had failed
upon its merits, sought at the last hours of the ses-
sion to fasten it upon some general appropriation
hill. In that way were carried through private
claims that had not merit within themselves to be
carried through by themselves. I say that, when
the honorable Senator from Virginia introduced
this rule, it was hailed all over the Chamber as a
valuable and healthy amendment, and so I think
it yet.
One word now in reply to the honorable Sen-
ator from Kentucky. It appears that he will
never lose sight of the small appropriation which
1 got for his neighboring town of Evansville.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I united with you in
getting it. I am glad of it.
Mr. BRIGHT. That appropriation was not
affected by this rule. It was an appropriation that
had been estimated for and recommended by a
Department, and therefore did not come within
the provisions of the rule. The object of the luie,
[ as I before remarked, is to exclude private claims.
If this rule be repealed, it throws us back where
we were before, and puts us in a position that pri-
vate claims may become laws by being attached to
the civil and diplomatic bill. To that I am op-
posed, and I sliall oppose any change that gives
the privilege of fastening private bills upon bills
for public appropriations. It was for the purpose
of looking into the proposed amendment, and see-
ing how far the other rules would be affected by
it, that I asked for delay. It is, however, a mat-
ter in which I feel no particular interest.
Mr. BADGER. 1 have already said to the
honorable Senator from Indiana, that if he would
have the rule read as proposed to be amended, he
would see that it leaves totally untouched that pro-
vision of tlie thirtieth rule, which excludes any
private claim from being offered as an amendment
to an appropriation bill. 1 wisli the Secretary
would read the thirtieth rule as proposed to be
amended.
It was accordingly read.
Mr. RUSK. I hope the proposition of the Sen-
ator from Missouri will prevail. I imagine that
it is perfectly safe to trust to the discretion of the
Senate against putting private claims upon public
bills. If it is not, we can very easily provide a
rule which shall provide for that mischief, if mis-
chief it be. But, sir, the illustration furnished by
the honorable Senator from Kentucky, shows the
ridiculousness of this rule. I believe he said that
a marine hospital was necessary at Evansville,
Indiana. It was necessary. I voted for it myself.
Suppose now that a necessity existed also for ma-
rine hospitals at various other points. Suppose
it became necessary for me to have an appropria-
tion for a marine hospital at Galveston, and sup-
pose the honorable Senator wanted another in In-
diana—suppose he is in the good graces of the
heads of the Departments, and gets a recommend-
ation for the passage of Ins, and I cannot pro-
cure it for mine: there aie two cases of equal
merit, and one Senator, because be does not hnp-
I pen to be in the good graces of the head of a De-
partment, is piecluded from oilering his amend- j
ment, and from asking the Senate to pass upon it. ;
Mr. BERRIEN. Mr. President, we all recol- j
lect the embarrassments which attended the prac- i
tice of moving amendments to appropriation bills j
at the very close of the session. The situation of |
the chairman of the Committee on Finance was an
extremely embarrassing one. Under the ancient
practice, amendments were moved in rapid suc-
cession, and were acted upon necessarily without
due consideration. It was for the purpose of
avoiding that embarrassment that the 30th rulp,
which has just been read, and which it is now
proposed to modify, was adopted. But it seems
to me that that rule may very well be susceptible
of the modification which is proposed by the Sen-
ator from North Carolina without subjecting us to
the embarrassments which resulted from the
ancient practice;-and that such a modification of
the rule will provide for the difficulty which is
suggested by the Senator from Texas. The ob-
ject which we have in view is to' prevent the-pre-
sentment to the Senate, in the la§t hours'of a ses-
sion. of amendments to appropriation bills. The
desire which is expressed by the Senator from
Missouri and by the Senator from Texas is, that
the Senate should reserve to itself the right of ex-
ercising its discretion without being dependent
upon the head of a Department. Both these ob-
jects, it seems to me, may be accomplished by the
proposed modification. The Senator from Texas
will not be under the necessity of going to the
head of a Department for the purpose of getting
an estimate, but, at the same time, he will protect
the Senate from being called upon, unadvisedly,
to act upon an amendment in the very closing
hours of a session, by going to the appropriate
committee of this body, there making a represent-
ation of his desires, and obtaining an investigation
before that committee, and then report in favor of
the amendment. Thus the Senator will be relieved
from the embarrassments which .he suggests, the
Senate will be relieved from the difficulty of having
amendments presented at the very closing scenes
of a session, and we shall be enabled to act ad-
visedly and prudently.
At present there is a difficulty. We have, in
our anxious desire to avoid the evils which re-
sulted from the ancient practice, carried the restric-
tion, as I think, too far. As it appears to me, we
ought to have provided that, when a subject has
undergone the deliberate investigation of a com-
mittee of this body, their report should be equiva-
lent to an estimate by the head of a Department.
That is the effect of the modification proposed by
the Senator from North Carolina. I trust,' there-
fore, that the substitute, which proposes thetotal
repeal of the rule, will not receive the acquiescence
of the Senate, but that the modification proposed
by the Senator from North Carolina will be
adopted.
Mr. BORLAND. I shall vote for the proposed
amendment of" the Senator from Missouri without
reference to the merits of the rule which it pro-
poses to strike out, but for the reason that I think
that the rule, as it stands, is wholly inoperative,
and I am unwilling to see standing, as oi?e of the
rules of the Senate, a provision which is' not re-
garded by the action of the Senate. I think I have
seen the rule disregarded in every one of ils pro-
visions, over and over again, and recently in a
very striking case. If it could be executed, so as
to answer the purpose for which it %vas originally
intended, I should be for retaining it where it is.
But, as I am unwilling to see laws upon the stat-
ute-book, as provisions, set down as rules of the
Senate, which are not operative, staring us in the
face, and which are, in my opinion, daily violated
and disregarded, I shall vote for rescinding them.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will state 10
the Senate, that, on looking at the rule, he finds
that the proposition of the honorable Senator from
North Carolina being one to amend the rules, the
question must first be taken upon it. If the prop-
osition to amend the rule is rejected, it will then
be in the power of the honorable Senator from
Missouri to move to repeal the rule altogether.
The question now is on the adoption of the reso-
lution proposing to amend the thirtieth rule, which
has been offered by the Senator from North Car-
olina.
Mr. BRADBURY. I would like to ascertain
whether the amendment of the honorable Senator
from North Carolina would enable a committee to
recommend a private claim?
The PRESIDENT. No, sir; it does not relate
to that portion of the rule.
The first resolution, relative to the amendment
of (he thirtieth rule, was adopted.
Mr. HUNTER. I suppose this would be the
proper time for me to submit my proposition to
amend the thirtieth rule.
The PRESIDENT. That amendment cannot
be received but by unanimous consent. The Sen-
ator from Virginia wishes to offer an amendment
to the rules. Not having given notice of it, and
not having laid it upon the table., it will require
general consent to receivgvthe amendment; and, if
it is received j it will then foe for the Senate to&dopt
it or reject it.
