1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2151
Indians that this portion of their boundary should
be marked.
The estimate is based upon what appears to he
a very correct and nice calculation of the expenses
of running and designating the boundary with
small cast-iron monuments, located at the distance
of one mile apart, and also one at each of the an-
gles of the boundary. I have in my possession
the estimate, and I have also a communication
from the Colonel of the Corps of Topographical
Engineers, in which he estimates every item here
mentioned, and which can be read if any Senator
desires it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. The next amendment
which I wish to insert at the end of that portion
of the bill making; provision for the payment of
the Choctaws, is the following:
Provided, That the Secretary of the Interior be, and he
hereby is, authorized to examine the reservation claims of
the Choctaws, Known as a Bay Indians," and all those
Indians in whose cases the scrip awarded by thy late Board
of Commissioners has not been issued; and where he shall
find that such Indians are clearly entitled to land under the
fourteenth article of the treaty of IKiO, and under the sev-
eral acts heretofore parsed in relation to such claims, he is
hereby authorised to extend to such claimants the provis-
ions applicable to such claims m the acts of the 23d of Au-
gust, 1842, and the 3d of March, 1845.
A word of explanation may be necessary in re-
gard to this amendment. It is unanimously rec-
ommended by the Committee on Indian Affairs,
and embraces succinctly the provisions of a bill
which passed the Senate without any question, I
believe, some time since. It is general in its char-
acter, and embraces a solitary remnant of Choc-
taws who have never been provided for under the
treaty of 1830. A portion of the provisions of
that treaty authorized such Choctaws as chose to
remain in the country, to take reservations of six
hundred and forty acres each. That provision of
the treaty was complied with, in respect to a large
proportion of those who chose to remain. But
there was a portion who did remain in the country
who signified their intention of claiming reserves
and become citizens of the States, who made ap-
plication before the Board of Commissioners con-
stituted for the examination of their claims, whose
claims were examined, and testimony taken in re-
gard to them; but according to the report of the
Commissioners themselves, it is shown that the
time for the sitting of the Commission expired be-
fore they were able to render up the formal decrees
in the case. The entire records of their proceed-
ings are on file in the office of the Commissioner
of Indian Affairs.
The amendment which I have offered is in-
tended only to include those Indians who were not
provided for, in consequence of an omission over
which they themselves had no control, and whose
names are embraced in the records of the Com-
mission on file at the Indian Department. It em-
braces no new case; it provides for the adjudica-
tion of no new class of cases; it introduces no
new class not provided for in the act of 1844, and
the subsequent act of 1845. I believe that no one
who has ever looked into the case, has entertained
the slightest question as to the justness of this
provision. If it be desired by any Senator to
have a more accurate knowledge of the circum-
stances, the Senators from Mississippi, who are
personally cognizant of the history of this trans-
action, from its inception to its termination, will
be able to give a most lucid and satisfactory ex-
planation of it. The amendment provides for the
payment of no money; but only for the issuing of
scrip to these Indians as it was issued to other In-
dians coming within the same class, under the
laws of 1842 and 1845.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I am directed, also, by the
Committee on Indian Affairs, to offer the follow-
ing amendment, to be inserted in that portion of
the bill which provides for the payment of the
Seminole Indians:
That the Secretary of War he directed to pav to each of
the survivors, or to the heirs of those who have died, of the
Seminole warriors who were mustered into the service of
the United States, at Fort Brooke, in December, 1835, an
amount equal to three months' pay and allowance of a pri-
vate soldier m the Army of the United States: Provided,
That the amount so paid shall not exceed $3,870: Jind pro-
vided, also, That such amount paid shall be in full ot all
claims* of said friendly Seminoles, during the Florida war,
for compensation and for indemnity on account of losses
sustained.
This amendment is for a small amount, and is
intended for the payment of one hundred and
twenty-nine Seminoles, who were mustered into
the service of the United States in the Seminole
war of 1835-'36. The reason why they were not
paid, was that the original muster-roll was lost.
The report which the committee have made m
regard to the case, states that there were one hun-
dred and twenty-nine Seminoles, who were mus-
tered into the service of the United States on the
order of Major General Gaines; and the only diffi-
culty was to ascertain what was the period of ser-
vice for which they were engaged by the United
States.
I believe that the Senator from Tennessee, [Mr.
Bell,] now a member of the Committee on Indian
Affairs, once had this subject under his charge,
and according to a statement made by one of the
officers of the Army, it is understood that he
reported that there were a less number of Indians
engaged for one month. Since then, however,
the letters arid certificates of the officers, who had
these Indians in charge in the Florida war, have
been obtained, by which it is found that the pre-
cise number mustered into service by Captain
Sanders, in December, 1835, was one hundred and
twenty-nine; and that they held themselves in the
service of the United States, and were actually en-
gaged in the service from that time till the 1st of
April, 1836, when they were emigrated by the
United States to the western boundary of Arkan-
sas. The only difficulty that ever presented itself
was as to the number that served and the length
of time they served. The commanding officers
certified that the Indians were undoubtedly en-
titled to pay; and the amendment which 1 have
offered places them upon precisely the same foot-
ing with the other soldiers of the United States. It
gives them the ordinary pay and emoluments of a
private soldier for three months. I believe that
there was among the papers a complete roll of the
Indians, which was taken from the original mus-
ter-roll. That, however, was lost and could not
be obtained.
There were in addition some other losses which
these Indians suffered in consequence of their fidel-
ity to the United States. These are not embraced
in this amendment. But the Indians are required
to release those claims before this payment is to
be made to them. I believe there is no fact upon
which their right is based about which any ques-
tion can be made. The evidence consists entirely
of the certificates of the military officers who had
the Indians in charge, which are on file in the
Indian Department. The principal certificate is
that of Captain Casey, who, on the 23d of Janu-
ary, 1847, certified, that on or about the 31st of
December, 1835, the friendly Seminoles were
enrolled by him, under the order of Brevet Major
F. S. Betton; that the number enrolled was one
hundred and twenty-nine; that their services were
rendered whenever required until about the period
of their emigration in April, 1836. He also states
that they were armed on being enrolled; that they
furnished details to assist in guarding the fort
whenever the hostiles approached; sentoutspies
and scouting parties regularly, and frequently
had several conflicts with the enemy; furnished a
guard for cattle, &c. The certificate states the
length of service, and its character—that it was a
very irregular and dangerous service on which
they were engaged. I believe 1 have now given
a short and succinct statement of the claim, which
I presume will be satisfactory.
Mr. HUNTER. If the Indians were mustered
into service at that time, why were they not paid?
Mr. SEBASTIAN. As I stated, the original
muster-roll was lost; and the facts of the case,
which the committee have stated, have been de-
rived from a certified transcript of one of the rolls
obtained, I believe, from the private possession of
one of the officers, Colonel Betton, who was in
command. It appears that these Indians were
enlisted by order of Major General Gaines. One
thing is certain, they havenever been paid. Such
is the statement from the War Department. The 1
estimate upon which this amendment is based
comes from the Paymaster's Department, and I i
presume there can be no question as to the fact of '
service having been rendered, and there having been
no payment for it.
Mr. CASS. Before I vote for this amendment
I should like to be satisfied in regard to one point.
This transaction occurred a great many years ago,
and I do not understand why the claim was not
brought forward before. We ought to look with
suspicion upon these old claims. The certificate
read by the honorable Senator from Arkansas is
not entirely satisfactory to me. It would seem to
me that those Indians were a kind of minute-men
who went out occasionally, and yet were not act-
ually engaged in the service. I did not hear the
certificate distinctly; but I think it stated that
whenever these Indians were wanted they made
their appearance, and were sent out; but it was
not stated that they were in actual service. I may
have misunderstood the certificate, but that is my
impression, that they were not regularly on the
muster-roll, as men who are mustered into the
service and mustered out of it. There should be
some such certificate as that to authorize the
payment. I think that is a very loose memoran-
dum from which the Senator has read.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. The report in this case is
a very short one. It refers to official documents.
If Senators will hear it read, I think it will sat-
isfy their scruples. I therefore ask that the report
be read.
The report was read, as follows:
The Committee on Indian Affairs, to whom was referred
the petition of Ifolata Emathla and other Seminoles, for
compensation for services rendered during the Florida
war, beg leave to report:
That the evidence before the committee shows, that when
the Florida war broke out, a party of friendly Seminoles
weie a>sembled at Tampa Bay lor emigration. That about
the tunc of Dade's massacre, the garrison at Fort Brooke
being small, and surrounded by a large Indian force, the offi-
cer in command armed and enrolled a number of the
friendly warriors, and put them on the defensive as auxil-
iaries.
In February, 1836, seventy-five or eighty of these warri-
ors, by oider of Major General Gaines, proceeded with that
officer to the With la-coo chee, under the immediate com-
mand of Captain W. G. Sanders. After an absence of one
month in this service, they returned to Tampa Bay, and in
April, 1836, the whole party was removed to the Indian
terntory west of Arkansas, by an agentof the Government.
The>e facts are established by the testimony ofColonsl
Betton, of the Army, and of Captain Sanders, the officer m
charge of the detachment under General Gaines, corrobo-
rated by the certificate of the latter officer, and of Captain
Casey. The officer under whom these Indian volunteers
served, all concurred in certifying that they were all entitled
to pay. The only question is, how many are to be paid,
and for what time?
The original muster rolls appear to have been lost; Col-
onel Betton, who first engaged their services, says, in a let-
ter to the War Department, dated July 16, 1848, twelve
years after the occurrence: " I armed some fifty or sixty of
the bands under the above chiefs," (Holata Emathla and
Black Dirt.) He adds, " I believe they were regularly mus-
tered, and perhaps Captain Casey, now of the Subsistence
Dppariment, who spoke the Seminole language well, may
have performed that duty. Such rolls, however, may have
been lost," &c.
On the other hand, Captain Casey himselfcertifies, on the
23d of January, 1847, that on or about the 3Lst of Decem-
ber, 1835, the friendly Semmole warriors were enrolled by
him under the order of Brevet Major F. S. Betton, and that
"the number enrolled by me on December31, 1825, was
one hundred and twenty-nine, and that their services were
rendered whenever required, until about the period of their
emigration in April, 1836." He also state-* that they were
armed on being enrolled; furnished details to assist in
guarding the fort whenever the hostiles approached; sent
out spies and scouting parties regularly and frequently; had
several conflicts with the enemy; captured several of the
hostile*; furnished a guard for cattle, &o., &c.
Major General Gaines states, that seventy-five of these
Indians were with him for one month, on the expedition to
the With-la eoo-cbee, under the command of Captain
Saunders, and are entitled to pay for that tune.
The War D^pai tment furnishes a list of eighty warriors,
as having served with Captain Sanders during the time
specified by General Gaines.
Captain Sanders eei tifies on a duplicate of the War De-
partment roll, that about the time of General Clinch's first
battle, the friendly Seminole warriors, ihen at Tampa Bay,
to the number ot one hundred and twenty, were taken into
the service of the army by Major F. S. Betton, and assisted
in the military defense of that fort and region ; that several
of them were killed and wounded in that vicinity, and that
seventy-six of the hundred and twenty proceeded under his
command to the With la-coo-ehee, by order of General
Gaines; that he cannot tell which four of the eighty on the
roll were not with him. and that it was of no conse-
quence," well knowing that u all ofthe hundred and twen-
ty were in service, and that all ought to have been mustered
and paid for their services."
The committee are of opinion that the evidence shows
that but seventy-six of the friendly Seminoles were in ser-
vice under General Gaines. But it cannot be doubted that
those who were retained at Tampa as auxiliaries by Major
Betton, and performed then the services described by Cap-
tains Ca^ey and Zanders, are equally entitled to pay.
As to the entne number in service, the precise statement
ot Captain Casey, who mustered them, confirmed a* itis in
a great measure by Captain Sanders, is more likely to be
correct than the more vague account ofMajor Betton. Cap-
tain Casey says he mustered one hundred and twenty-nine ;
he also certifies that their services were rendered whenever
required, until about the period of their emigration in Apnl,
1836. According to the statement ofthis officer, who seems
to have had the Indians specially in charge, one hundred
and twenty-mne warriors are entitled to pay for at least
three months' services, from December, 1835, until April
1836.
