876
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 28,
against 28,000; one part of whom sustain the com-
promise measures which Mr. Webster advocated,
and the other part of whom, judging by their vote
in their State Convention, sustain Mr. Webster,
making, as I said before, 100,000 against 28,000.
That was the case last year. Something like that
was the case the year before. Well, what was
the result, and what has happened in that State?
Here were two parties?, the Democratic and Free-
Soil party, directly opposed to each other upon a
ground which was vital to the existence of the
Free-Soil party, and which was a most cardinal
point in the creed of the Democratic party. Those
parties met together and made a bargain. The
Free-Soil party united with the Democratic party,
and sent to the Senate of the United States the
most talented and eloquent man who could be
presented from the Free-Soil ranks; my colleci2:ue
[Mr. Allen] always excepted. [Laughter.] l^or
whom were the Democrats in Massachusetts who
were in favor of the war with Mexico called upon
to vote? For a gentleman who said, when Mr.
Winthrop voted for the preamble and bill giving
supplies to our troops in Mexico, " that Air. Win-
throp ought rather to allow our army to pass be-
tween the Caudme forks." Now I am not much
of a Latin scholar, but I undeistand that the
Caudine forks do not differ materially from the
Alamo butchery; and that the Caudme forks in
that connection,meant that A'Ir. Winthrop should
have left the American throat to the tender mercies
of the Mexican knife.
The Democratic party are in favor of non-inter-
vention as regards slavery in the States or Terri-
tories. They were called upon to send to the
United States Senate for six years a gentleman who
"was in favor oi intervention at least up to the verge
of the Constitution, as he understood it. They
aend to the Senate of the United States a gentle-
man who declared, in a speech to be found m one
of his printed volumes, that there were depths of
infamy as well as heights of fame; that President
Fillmore has sounded the former, and that he had
better never have been born, than to have signed the
fugitive slave hill. What induced the Democratic j
party to do this? What, 1 say, induced the Dem- j
or mis to do this? What was it.J Why, and j
how were the officers of theState put up like mut- j
ton and beef m the shamble? I will tell you
how. The leaflets of the two parties met in re-
peated caucuses: as an ultimate result, six Coun-
cillors, the Governor, Lieutenant Governor, and
an United States Senator for nine days, were
given to the Democrats, while three Councillors,
the United States Senator, and Serjeant-at-Arms,
and some other make-weight officer went to the
Free-Soil p.irty. The two parlies higgled and
chaffered dty by day, and muht by night, in
low? and heated meetings, as to the distribution
of these offices—<\ich hcimm^ the uthei to come
Up to the p;ic of us polled and ad\ortise:l con-
scieu> e and palt iolis'!i ! Pulled, I ^;iy —ndvernseil ,
I say,ns thoroughly as ever were Phillips lire
anmlulator, or ICmes son \s razor straps. I will
do tliivn the justice, ho\ve\ei\ and i feel bound to
say that theio was no tri'-k^y in one respect—■
there was es perfect nn impartiality of treachery
to principle on eUluv sale as can be expected
from the weaknesses a'id impei tec.t ions ofmortahty.
[Laughter.] Such a s^ene was never before e\-
hibired or dreenu-d of n tins country as was (X-
hibi'e I in old ALis.^u h'e-elus the leaders of two
whole par' it s brought up by cue wide, wild, wasting
sweep of the ofTic-s of the Connnonw^ahh.
I want to hear wha> the gentleman will say
about this great crime a^amsr our institutions,
tins wholesale corruption, this monstrous—-I had
almost said, this inexpiable falsehood to eon-
science and to God, to the heart of man, and to
the nature of things. Where was the gentleman
then' Where was her Was he attempting to
prevent corruption then? Q,uite the revetst\ I
understand that he instigated it: that he favors it;
thot he thinks it was right. Better that he should
£ro home and endeavor to undo the mischief that
lie helped to do there than come here and as-
sail Air. Webster. There is one point m this
connection, to which I must refer, and to which I
hope the <reui!eman will crive an explicit reply. I
would recall to the gentleman's memory the year
1 when he and myself were members of the
same party, and when we got whipped, although
having, as wj supposed,a majority m the Legisla-
ture. It was a case of tins sort: the opposite
party got hold of a gentleman named Mr. Bell, of
Montgomery, and induced him to vote with them
by the promise of a commission as justice of the
peace, a suit of clothes, and a promise of a loan
of $400 in money. [Laughter.] At that time
there was a great cry of indignation. The only
question was whether it was true, and no liv-
ing man undertook to claim that such things
were right. The gentleman himself would have
considered at that time that it was an outrageous
proceeding. Where does the gentleman find the
distinction between that case and the Massachu-
setts coalition of 1850 and 1851 ? Does the suit
of clothes constitute the difference ? Is it the com-
mission as a justice of the peace, which he actual-
ly got, which makes the distinction? Here, in
the corruption which the gentleman aided, and by
virtue of which he holds his seat, it was not one
justice of the peace, but five hundred justices,
who were bought in open market. It was a clean
sweep of governorship, attorneyships, sheriffalties
—in short, of everything that flatters the pride and
ambition of man; and it was all to be given, pro-
vided the leaders of the two parties would fall down
and worship the golden calf of coalition I wait
anxiously for my colleague to point out to me the
distinction between the ethics of the Bell purchase
and the ethics of the coalition purchase.
I think it is Milton who says of the wars of the
Heptarchy that at this distance of time it is as
difficult to understand their objects and motives
as it would be to understand the objects and
motives of the fights between crows and kites.
And it would be equally difficult for anybody at
a distance from Massachusetts to explain—by
the aid of the reason which God has given him—
precisely how it was that two parties that occu-
pied such exactly opposite ground upon the com-
promise question, could be brought up to the
mark—the one to help to send to the Senate
of the United States, for six years, a man who
would duuug that long period profess and en-
force "with his whole power, doctrines which
they regarded as denationalizing and disorgan-
izing; and the other to lend its influence to put
into power in the State offices of the Common-
wealth of Massachusetts, a set of men utterly and
entiiely opposed to them m all those points which
they professed to think most essential. Well, I
will fell you how it was. It was party hatred, and
that party hatred leveled against the man whom
we have heard vilified to-day. Nothing else but
that could, I am sure, have induced the Free-Soil
pruty of Massachusetts to take the course they
did. From the Boston Commonwealth, which is
the organ of the Free-Soil party—and it is my
practice to read the papeis of the other side moie
than my own, for 1 take it for granted that my own
aic*always right—from the Boston Commonwealth,
the organ of the Fiee-Soil party, I ehp the follow-
ing, which was the rallying cry for the last cam-
the year of our Lord 1851:
nrtxt phvo thorp must bp rviov and effort,
f and eo\ers*io\. No eoneo^ion of piinciple,
i.-qunt'd To < ur Fioe-tfoil ftiends we >a>—
\e wi-'u lo rcl'tiLc Dunh'l li'chblcr, to sustain
em/ to tlaiiiji upon the fv«ituxc slave la^}
il'J.i'htci s i.nd the se'tl oj popular reprobation*
tin' I?.■:!!.ici.it v. iio j- Juuhe-i iioin us t* ne.ue/than any
Whi'.; can t i\ To oui fiiciuis uc >a>T—now
that } oh w: •!) to wk/ci/} Governor Bout'ccff, to retain the
State i'l(hnntt"lraUoiu to />. rccrre and to per feci the i e forms
••o an>;nuotHy cla-t wmUn, the Ftoe-Soiler
that fiom \ ou neater than any Winn can be.
Lot tlie -pun mam ue fix: allied lbreei, and victoiy is i-me."
And this, Mr. Chairman, was the way they
whipped us. Oh, glorious defeat! Oh, destruc-
tive and abortive triumph! Need 1 say, that I
would rather be defeated fifty times m that way,
than have one such success.
Mr. VtiXABLR. So had L
Mr. PAVJS. I3ut we are up within seven
thousand of them. We stand shoulder to shoul-
der, and though outnumbered, I can tell my col-
league we are not by any means subdued. I will
state another striking fact in connection with thrs
matter. It is well known that two years ago, be-
fore the election of the present Free-Soil (Jnited
States Senator, ond after the election of Mr. Bout-
well, the Democratic Governor, there were some
twenty or thirty Democratic members of the House
who would have nothing to do with Mr. Sumner.
What did the Fiee-Soil paper do then ? It came
out the very next morning after the first failure to
elect, and said that Governor Boutwell must not
make any changes or appointments to office until
pai'j,n, in
Mo t!ie
fonhm \<
tin WOII" 1-
!!()',*• tl'nt
the United States Senatorship was disposed of.
That paper well understood its men. There was
the greatest state of excitement and the most anx-
ious expectation until that matter was arranged,
and the doors of the treasury were thrown open
to the hungry. I remember an engraving after
Landseer, m which a number of very hungry-
looking dogs are squatting or standing on their hind
egs, with watering mouths and terrible anxiety in
their eyes, watching a meat-tray over which a very
portly-looking dog is keeping guard. [Laughter.]
There is a frightful similarity between the physi-
ognomical effects of the animal ravenousness and
geed represented in the picture, and the effects of
the same passions upon a human subject. An
English poet has well said:
" So, when ' dog;s meat' reechoes through the streets,
Rush sympathetic dogs from their reheats,
Beam with bright Maze the?r supplicating eyes,
Sink then hind legt>, ascend their joyful
Each, wild with hope, and maddening to ptevail,
Points the pleased ear and wags the expectant tail."
Well, there was something of that sort seen in
Massachusetts. The pottage was savory, Esau
was hungry, and the birthright and all went.
[Laughter.] What, then, is the state of the case r
Why, that these twenty-six thousand voters, con-
centrating their resentment, and levelling their im-
itation thunderbolts at one grey, historic head,
making that their chief and leading object, and
sacrificing every principlefor the purpose of venting
their rage on that great man, have succeeded, by
moves on the political chess-board, in causing a
surface expression of a state of sentiment vastly
different from the state of sentiment which actually
exists in Massachusetts. Why this rage against
the Secretary of State? Because they choose to
say that he has been false to the North. Upon that
subject, on some proper occasion, and on some
early occasion, I shall have something to say. It
is not now the time to speak of his course of policy.
My object is accomplished at this time in pointing
out why it was that my colleague supposed that
his course in relation to this matter would bere-
gaided with suspicion by the House. For what
Mr. Webster has suffered—if he has suffered any-
thing—I do not suggest that he has any specific,
claim on any section of country, for I do not think
myself, that he was influenced in his course by
regard to one section more than another.
What he did, whether right or not in all its de-
tails, was, in my judgment, the fruit and result of
the intense, glowing, passionate nationality which
is engrained in the man, and which would lead
him, I think, to endeavor, at whatever personal
cost, to do equal and exact justice, under the Con-
stitution, to every section; and perhaps it may be
truly said, that his career, from the abundance of
his vital force, and the pronounced, individual quali-
ties of his character, more forciblythan that of any
other statesman of the tune, illustrates the saying,
that m applying principles to the changing affairs
of life, the man who is true to his idea must often
submit to the risk of being deemed inconsistent
in his measures.
I cannot tell, Mr. Chairman, how much this
sort of assault which we has e heard to-day, is cal-
culated to injure Mr. Webster. If 1 can judge
from the experience of the past, from the feelino*
which I see expressed in the faces about me, or
from the emotions of my own heart, I should say
not much. However this may be. I comfort my-
self with the thought, that the man dies, but the
cause lives; whate\er he has done, suffered, and
achieved, m ill live long afier him in the annals and
glories of Ins country; as the spreading tree bears
testimony through its thousand burly arms,
clothed with the fruits and leaves of a thousand
years, to the care which nourished its early growth.
I believe that, on the whole, though there are
some matters into which I would have liked to have
gone more fully, I have touched upon those topics
which 1 intended to have touched when I began
to address this committee. I have this comfort,
at least—and it is a comfort not to be forgotten—
the pleasure of feeling, that, however inaptly,
however bunglingly or clumsily I have expressed
the sentiments which 1 have uttered, yet the pulses
of one hundred thousand men of Massachusetts
will keep even beat with mine in this matter, and
that the hearts of the people will more than supply-
any inadequacy of expression on my part.
Mr. MEADFi obtained the floor, but gave way
to
