1-288
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 7,
Mr. CLEMENS. I object to it. i;
' The PRESIDENT. Then the Senator from |
Virginia,can lay upon the table his. resolution to
amend the rule. !'
Mr. HALE. I want to vote upon the propo- j,
sition of the Senator from Missouri. i(
The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator from |j
Missouri make a proposition to repeal the thirtieth i
-rule?" . . Ii
Mr. ATCHISON. I do, if it is m order. :i
Mr. BltADBTJRY. That will lie over. 'J
The PRESIDENT. If the Senator will send !!
to the Chair a proposition of that kind it will lie jj
dVer for one day under the rules. j.
Mr. ATCHISON. Then I withdraw it. I
" The PRESIDENT. It will be better for the
Senator from Virginia to introduce a resolution to 1
amend the rule which he suggested, so 'ha111 can jl
be/taken up at a subsequent day, if it is desired. [■
Mr. HUNTER. I will offer itat another time,
as I wish to proceed to the consideration of the
deficiency bill.
Mr. BADGER. I ask for the questio.i on my !i
second resolution.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair overlooked the . j
fact that another resolution was offered by the !
Senator from North Carolina, proposing to amend <
the twenty-sixth rule of the Senate.
The amendment to the twenty-sixth rule was
agreed to.
The twenty-sixth and thirtieth rules, therefore,
now stand as follows:
26. Every bill shall receive tliree readings previous tr> its
being passed, and the President shall give notice at <arh.
whether it be the first, second, or third; which roadman
shall be on three, different days, unless the Senate unani-
mously direct otherwise. And all resolutions propoMnj,'
jmiomhnents to the Constitution, or to winch the approba-
tion and snsjnature of the President may ha iequi-it<', ot
which may grain money out of the contingent or any other
fund, shall be treated, in all lespeets, in the introduction
and formof proceeding* on them in th«- Senate, ri a vimilai
manner with hills; and all other lesojuhons bhall lie on the
table one day for consideration, and nl<o reports of com-
mittees. And a motion to suspend, or to concur in a ie&o-
lution of the Flouse to suspend, the sixteenth and .seven-
teenth joint rules, or either of them, shall alwajs he in
order, be immediately considered, and d<'cuk'd without
debate.
30. No amendment proposing additional appropriations
shall be received to any general appropnation hill, tiniest,
it be made to carry out the provision?<n t>ome «\istm.r law,
or some act or resolution previously passed by the Senate
during that session, or moved by direction of a standing
committee of the {Senate, or m pursuance of an estimate
from the head ot some of the Department* ; and no amend-
ment shall "be received whose object is to provide for a
private claim, although the same may have been previously
junctional.by the Senate.
THE DRI1CIEMCY BILL.
The Senate resumed, as in Committee of the
Whole, the consideration of the bill from the
<Bouse of Representatives, entitled "'An act to
supply deficiencies in the appropriotions for j he
service of the fiscal year ending the 30th of June,
1852." The Committee on Finance propose tu
insert the following:
For additional compensation for increasing the- tran -pot r-
ation of the United States mail between New York and
Liverpool, in the Collins line of steamers, to twentv-su
trips per annum, at such times as shall be directed bv the
Postmaster General, and in confoimity to Ins las-t annual
report to Congress, and his letter of the 10th of November
la-'t to the Secretary of the Navy, commencing «aid in-
creased *>emce on mo fir?t of Januaiv, 1852, at the rate of
£33,000 per trip, in lieu of the present aliow;inet- tlio sum
of.2£36,.f>()0. ;
The pending1 question was the motion of Mr. i
Jones, of Tennessee, to amend the amendment !
by striking out $33,000 and inserting' $,25,00*>. !
Mr. CASS. Air. President, I desiietu address |
to the Senate some observations upon the pending j
question, and I may as well do it at this state of i
the progress of the bill as at any other time. I j
have been a good deal embarrassed by this prop- j
osition—more so than I usually am by the subjects j
presented for the consideration of the Senate. ,
In the first place, I ha\e a great objection to the j
insertion of this provision in the deficiency bill, I
which is a bin proMding for existing deficiencies; j
tliat is n, say, for deficiencies arising out of the j
existing laws, where appropriations have not been I
made, or have failed. That bill was asked tor by !
the properdepartments; they submitted the neces- !
sary estimates, corresponding with, the nature of
the hill. They did not submit an estimate fur this
application. It was not nn existing deficiency. It
was not the deficiency of an appropriation for an
object warranted by law. It was a new contract,
or, rather, an addition to an old one—a condi-
tional arrangement, entered into between the Post j
Office Department and the owners of these vessels, j
It was to become obligatory only when approved j
by Congress; and, therefore, no appropriation j
could be considered,"as a deficiency, till sucfy ap-
proval took place. Besides, I thought the at-
tempt to ingraft this appropriation upon this*bill
would delay the action of Congress—would, delay
measures that seemed to be essential to the public
service, some of them, indeed, to the public faith,
and, perhaps, ultimately hazard the bdl in the
House of Representatives. I am not yet satisfied
that it will not thus be put to hazard; but the Sen- j
ate have overruled me m this opinion. We have j
taken a vote, and have decided that this is a proper |
place for the appropriation. I shall submit. We j
nave spent three weeks upon the subject. Three 1
weeks'have been devoted to the consideration of j
this question alone. I am, therefore, unwilling to I
ate all that time thrown away, and the subject ;
again commenced, to go through the same discus- ,
sion, in another bill, and in another part of the j
session. 1
Under these circumstances, I shall make no fur-
ther objection to the insertion of this provision in \
: this appropriation bill. ' i
| But, sir, I had other difficulties, besides the dif- i
j ficulty of position. I did not fully understand >
! the subject. It involves, in some measure, a great ,
i experiment. I did not foresee, nor do 1 now ;
i foresee, accurately, all its operations. It embraces ;
;a great many very impoitant considerations,
| requiring the deliberate action of Congtess, and '
■ the deliberate opinion of the country, before it is
; adopted as one of the settled measures'of our
' policy.
i i listened with much attention and interest, asl
| always do, to what fell from the honorable Sen-
ator from Virginia, [Mr. Hunter,] chairman of
I the Finance Committee, upon this subject. I eon-
| gratulate the Senate and the country, that we
I have at the head of that important committee a
, gentleman, as willing as he is able to look into the
expenditures of the country, to try them by the
testofpublic utility, to restrain, as far as he Cvin, that
disposition, which seems inherentin every Govern-
ment, to increase its expenses, and to substitute
profusion, where it exists, for a wise economy. I
1 coincide with him in much that he said upon this
j occasion; and particularly do I agree with him m
i the general views he presented in relation to this
! branch of the subject; and I was happy to hear
the patriotic sentiments that fell from him.
Sir, I have been apprehensive, that this system
of steamboat legislation would be carried too far.
I have been apprehensive that, however \aluable
, it might be m some respects, it might, from a nat-
1 ural predisposition,bepushed further than thepub-
1 he interests required. Our statute-book furnishes
i instances of legislation for particular individuals
j m relation to subjects of this nature, as well as to
; others. It is a vicious practice—a system to be
! deprecated. I was myself, therefore, anxious to
i apply an efficient remedy, because it takes from
I the Executive Departments the responsibility that
i properly belong to them. When you assume such
j a responsibility in Congress, it is divided among
: thiee hundred men; so that the share which falls
; to each of them is but a feeble cheek to mconsid-
; ernte legislation. The object of a Legislature
should be to prescribe measures required by the
, policy of the country, and to leave nvthe proper
Departments to carry them into effect, holding
- them responsible for the execution of their duties,
, and talcing care to watch with jealous caution that
I theobjectsarefaithfully carriedout. It istheproper
' duty of a Legislature to legislate, and not to  d-
i minister the Government. Sir, you know, and
| we all know, that there is a great external pres-
1 sure in favor of all subjects of this kind; and it
should he guarded against and resisted with eease-
, less vigilance, or it will in time acquire an ascend-
| encv, injurious to the best interests of the country,
j The very subject of controversy now before us
! shows, in a marked decree, the danger of iegisla-
I live interference with such matters m detail. The
| question, with lespect to the amount thai should
■ he paid for this mail service, is a question more of
j administration than of legislation. Wearescurcely
; in possession of the necessary facts to enable us
; to come to a decision free from doubt. iN'o man
i can say that there is no doubt upon the subject.
; We decide as we best can under the circumstances
in which we are placed. Such matters should be
thoroughly investigated by the proper Department,
where all the facts should be carefully examined
and ascertained, and the result should be reported
to Congress under the responsibility of the proper
officers, and that report may then safely be taken
as the ground-work of our proceedings. But, in
the present case, that course is precluded by our
own action.
I do not intend to enter into the financial view
of the question. It would require a greater knowl-
edge of the details than I possess, and more time
than I choose to employ in taxing the patience of
the Senate. The subject has been before two of
our most important standing committees, and
; their opinions they have made known to us, and
j the subject has been debated and discussed in this
! body for many days. Every member, I suppose,
j at this time is prepared to express his opinion in
1 relation to it. One fact, however, seems to be
1 certain, if we can depend upon the opinions of
gentlemen of our body, every way competent to
fot m a judgment, and entitled, by their character
and position, to our full confidence, and that is,
that this has proved an unprofitable investment,
! We are told by the honorable Senator from Rhode
1 Island, [Mr. James,] who, I perceive from his
; judicious remarks, understands the subject fully,
f that the stock of this company may be bought in
the market for fifty per cent., or one half of its par
| value. Every man knows, that there is no better
1 barometer of the financial atmosphere, than the
. pi ices of stocks. There are few things more sensi-
| tive than the operation of the stock exchange. A
j permanent fall in the price of property m market,
; then, is an unerring indication, that such fall has
; been preceded by a proportionate decline in such
| property. You may take it for granted, that if this
. stock has gone down to fifty percent, in the public
> estimation, it hasfallen to thatlow price because the
! adventure has been a losing one. I suppose there
is no doubt but that this line will be discontinued,
! unless this conditional arrangement, made by the
! Post Office Department, be confirmed by Con-
| gress. Such is the information communicated to
' us by the committees, and not contradicted, so
! far as I know, by afiy one. So that the question
J before us involves the fate of the enterprise, and
< if the application is rejected, the American line
will be withdrawn, and ail competition on our
i part abandoned.
i There are peculiar considerations connected
I with this line, to which I shall presently advert,
! and which do not attach to any other steamboat
line,in which theGovprnmentisinterested. There-
fore, what I have to say will relate to this one
alone, i leave the others out of view. I pledge
myself to aid none of them; and I must say here,
| m my place, that before I vote to extend addi-
j, tional aid to any other line, there must be very
I' strong considerations presented for my action,
'j such as I do not perceive nor foresee. I would not
I extend the system any further, till the result is
ascertained by actual experiment, and it is ascer-
tained that the interests of the country require
j that this provision for naval armaments should be
continued and enlarged.
| It has been said, and I suppose the fact is so,
,-j that the receipts for postage will, to a considerable
degree, diminish the outlay of the Government for
;j this line. These receipts have already reached a
ii heavy amount; and we all know, from the nature
■ I of business in our country, that the intercommu-
nication between us and Europe will go on hi-
ll creasing in a very rapid ratio. It has been so,
and it will be so m this, as in all other enterprises.
!' I suppose the time may be fairly anticipated, and
' soon, too, when the whole expenditure called for
i by this measure may be met from the postages; or
ij if not the whole, a very large portion of it."
i, I observed yesterday, in looking overall extract
;! from one of the French papers, that a proposition
for a similar object has been submitted to the
'j French Government by a company at. Havre.
;| That proposition is to establish a hne of steam-
i! ships fiom Havre to New York, consisting of
I! thiee boats. The offer made to the French Gov-
II ernment is, to perform the mail service for a mil-
11 lion of francs, each boat, annually. This would
;! give, as near as may be, $200,000 for each boat,
j Applying tins sum to the Collins boats, it would
'j give them about $1,000,000, as there are to be five
j hereafter employed.
'j Mr. BADGER. There are but four steam-ships
ii on this line.
