378
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 23,
The undersigned remembers that in these inter- |
views something' was said—the connection of
things rendering such allusions indispensable—
about the contract with Mr. Marks; but the un-
dersigned did not persist in going very deeply into
this matter, for he did not deem it necessary, at
any time, to make known the object of the Mexi-
can Government for desiring the acceptance of the
drafts.
While this was passing, the Secretary of State
said to the undersigned, that he had reason to be-
lieve that this legation must have received certain
communications from the Mexican Government,
of which the Department of State ought to have
been informed. The undersigned merely remarked,
that, he had not received the communications al-
luded to, but that as soon as they reached him the
Secretary of State should be made acquainted with
their contents. On the following day he received
from Messis. Corcoran & Rtggs a duplicate of the
communications referred to. The undersigned
gave to the Secretary of State a literal copy of the
same. As these communications do not inform
the undersigned that the Government of Mexico
had annulled the contract which it had made with
Mr. Marks, nor direct lnm positively to desist
from negotiating the acceptance of the drafts, he
was compelled to believe, and he still believes, that
although the Government of Mexico thinks it a
difficult matter for Marks to carry his contract into
operation, it does not consider it as annulled, and
is always disposed to fulfill the same, as far as
practicable, in the same good faith with which it
stipulated it from the beginning.
The undersigned may have forgotten some of
the circumstances which may have transpired
during his interviews with the Secretary of State;
lie believes, however, that he has herein laid down
all the most important facts that have occurred up
to the day when the Senate of the United States
received the information communicated through
the Secretary of State
The undersigned begs to inclose a copy of Mr.
Marksofficial communication. From it the
Secretary of State will perceive that a very heavy
claim may probably be brought against Mexico;
and although, up to the present moment, said claim
would be unfounded, yet it might assume the ap-
pearance of a just claim, if, by hi* silence on this
occasion, the Mexican Minister were to induce
the belief that he had in any way opposed the suc-
cessful issue of Mr. Marks's proceedings, before
the Senate of the United States, with a view of car-
rying his contiact into effect. It is not the prov-
ince of the undersigned to pass any opinion upon
Mr. Marks's pretensions; it behooves not him
either to support or to oppose them betore the
Senate.
As it was Mr. Marks, and not the Government
of Mexico, who assumed the 1 e^ponsibihty of pio-
cuiing the nc<;cptance of the drafts on the part of
the Government of the United States, and as the
undersigned has moreover received, on this day,
fiesh instructions from his Government, dated De-
cember 30th, in which he is directed not to press
the acceptance of the drafts if, in his opinion, the
abandonment of that object should be necessary m
order to preserve the relations of friendship and
good understanding which happily exist between
Mexico and the United States, the undersigned
desists entiiely from pursuing said negotiations
any further.
The undersigned avails himself of this opportu-
nity to renew to the Secretary of State the assur-
ances of his most distinguished consideration.
LUIS DE LA ROSA.
The Hon. Daniel Webster, &c., &e.
To H, K, Don Luis De la Rosa,
.E. E. and M. P. of the Mexican Republic:
Most excellent Sir: 1 have had the honor to
transmit to your Excellency a copy of the reply 1
of Mr. Webster to the resolution of inquiry of the I
Senate, calling upon the President for all the in- 1
formation communicated by your Excellency in
relation to the drafts drawn by the Mexican Gov- i
ernment on the Treasury of the United States, I
under the conduct made with me by that Govern- j
ment, and the wishes of the Mexican Government 1
in relation thereto. Your Excellcncy informed me I
by your note of the 30th ultimo, that you had had '
several conferences with Mr. Webster in rela-!
tion to my contract, and referred the Senate of the |
United States to Mr. Webster for the information,
which you had communicated to him in relation to
this subject.
Your Excellency will see that Mr. Webster, in
his reply to the resolution of inquiry, based on
your said note to me of the 30th ultimo, has said
that your Excellency has made no communication
to the Department of State on the subject of the
said drafts or contract. I have, therefore, to re-
quest that your Excellency will at once present
the drafts for acceptance, and communicate to this
Government the wishes of your Government in
this matter, or that you will inform me of the sub-
stance of the conference which you have had with
Mr. Webster in relation thereto.
I have again to inform your Excellency that all
that is necessary to obtain the acceptance of the
drafts, is that your Excellency will communicate
the wishes of your Government, and that if such
notice is not given and the drafts not presented by
you officially, I will sustain great loss and injury,
for which the Mexican Government will be bound
m good faith to indemnify me.
1 have the honor to be, very respectfully, your
obedient servant, I. D. MARKS.
Washington, February 17, 1851.
J\Ir> Webster to Mr. de la Rosa.
Department of State
Washington, February 21, 1851.
The undersigned, Secretary of State of the
United States, has the honor to acknowledge the
receipt of the note of the 17th instant, addiessed
to him by Mr. De la Rosa, Envoy Extraordinary
and Minister Plenipotentiary of the Mexican Re-
public. That, communication appears to have
been suggested by what Mr. De la Rosa calls in-
formation communicated to the Senate of the
United States by the undersigned. This Depart-
ment has communicated no such information.
The Senate, by a resolution of the 10th instant,
requested from the President all the information
communicated to him by Mr. Dela Rosa relative
to certain drafts drawn by the Mexican Govern-
ment on the Treasury of the United States. It is
presumed that in adopting this resolution, the
Senate was led to suppose that the President might
have such information, and had that been the case,
the request would probably have been complied
with. But as the President had received no such
information from Mr. De la Rosa, he referred the
resolution to this Department, with directions to
the undersigned to report thereon. The under-
signed reported accordingly, that no information,
such as the resolution called for, was in this De-
partment. The President transmitted this report
to the Senate, with a message to that body.
The undersigned flattered himself, that after the
expression of the sentiments of this Government,
contained in the note of Mr. Buchanan to Mr. De
la Rosa, of the 15th February, 1849, Mr. De la
Rosa would have abstained from making a mes-
sage of the President to either House of Congress,
a subject of diplomatic representation. He has,
however, thought proper to adopt a different
course, and although the undersigned, for the
reasons mentioned by Mr. Btfchanan, might,
without disrespect of the Mexican Government,
decline to enter into a discussion of such a topic,
he is willing, upon the present occasion, to waive
any appeal to forms, lest his silence might lead to
the inference that there is something substantial in
Mr. De la Rosa's note, which requires an explana-
tion or reply, such as cannot be satisfactorily
given. That note is principally occupied with a
statement of oral communications made to the
undersigned by Mr. De la Rosa, relative to drafts
of the Mexican Government upon the Tieasury
of the United States. The undersigned will not
deny that that statement may be substantially
correct. As he has preserved no memorandum
of the conferences, he is willing to impute any in-
accuracies to the fact, that Mr. De la Rosa spoke
to him through an interpreter. The undersigned,
however, is confident that Mr. De la Rosa said
nothing respecting a contract between the Mexi-
can Government and any individual, and he is
pleased to see that Mr. De la Rosa himself is
doubtful upon this point. Mr. De la Rosa's pur-
pose seemed to be to bring about an acceptance
bv this Government of the drafts referred to.
The transaction thus sought to be effected, seemed
to the undersigned so irregular, that he promptly
declined to have any agency in gratifying Mr. De
la Rosa's wish. In adopting this course, the un-
dersigned was actuated by the considerations, that
he could find no stipulation in the treaty of
Guadalupe Hidalgo authorizing the Mexican
Government to draw bills on the Treasury of the
United States, or authorizing that Department to
accept or to pay them. It seemed to him that the
relative rights and duties of the two Governments
in regard to the indemnity due under that treaty,
and the mode of paying it, were well defined m
the treaty itself; that if Mexico desired a change
in that respect, she was bound to ask for it in a
proper manner through her accredited officers;
that such a proceeding as that proposed, would
imply either, that an alteration in the treaty had
already been made, by competent authority, or
that it was in the power of the Executive branch
of this Government to make such alteration should
that be the wish of Mexico. All this appeared to
the undersigned to be objectionable and inadmis-
sible; and Mr. De lti Rosa will also hardly fail to
recollect, that the undersigned, soon after he be-
came charged with the duties of this Department,
informed him that he could not entertain any prop-
osition from Mexico, to change the mode of pay-
ment of the indemnities, as it stood in the treaty.
Mr. De la Rosa may be assured that, so far as
any citizen of the United States may be concerned,
the anxiety which he expresses lest the omission
to accept the drafts adverted to may give rise to a
claim against the Mexican Government which this
Government will urge, is quite unfounded. The
Government of the United States is not in the
habit of prosecuting claims against foreign Gov-
ernments founded on contracts. It has hitherto
experienced, and continues to experience, suffi-
cient difficulties in obtaining reparation from some
of those Governments for claims of another de-
scription. If it should ever deviate from this
policy, it will carefully scrutinize any contract for
which its protection may be invoked. If it shall
then find that the parties to such a contract had
no authority to enter into it, or thai its subject or
the circumstances connected with it were such as
it could not approve, any foreign Government
which might be charged with delinquency, need
not apprehend any advocacy of such a claim oil
the part of this Government.
The undersigned is gratified to notice that Mr.
De la Rosa concludes his note with an expression
of an intention not to pursue the subject further.
The undersigned has no doubt of the wisdom and
propriety of this determination.
DANIEL WEBSTER.
To Senor Don Luis de la Rosa, &c., &c.
[translation.]
Mexican Legation, )
Washington, February 24, 1851. $
The undersigned, Envoy Extraordinary and
Minister Plenipotentiary of the Republic of Mex-
ico, has the honor of addressing himself to the
Secretary of State, for the purpose of apprising
him that he has received his note of the 21st in-
stant, relative to some information which has been
communicated to the Congress of the United
States, concerning the drafts on the Treasury of
the United States, which the Government of
Mexico had purposed to remit for the payment of
the indemnity.
The undersigned was extremely solicitous that
the aforesaid note of the Secretary of State had
been of a character to put an end to all the dis-
agieeable misunderstandings which the informa-
tion alluded to, had occasioned. But, such not
being the case, the undersigned finds himself un-
der the necessity of addressing some remarks on
the subject, to the Secretary of State.
The Secretary of State lays it down as a princi-
ple, that a message addressed to one of the Houses
by his Excellency the President of the United
States, cannot be made the subject of diplomatic
communications. The undersigned regrets that
he cannot agree with the Secretary of State in this
mode of thinking.
The Secretary of State says, that he is certain
that the undersigned made no mention, at the con-
ferences held between them, of a contract made
by the Mexican Government with a private indi-
vidual, for the advancement of funds, by mort-
gaging the indemnity. The undersigned is sure of
having spoken on that subject, and, being unwil-
ling to trust to his own memory alone, he has
