2154
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 10,
entitling it to more than ordinary respect. But
that honorable Senator will allow me to say to
him that here was an investigation spreading over
the territory of four States, and embracing hun-
dreds of Indians, many of them thirty or forty
miles apart. In the first place, an agent went for
the purpose of ascertaining the number of Indians;
and afterwards another followed in his wake with
the money of the Government for the purpose of
paying them. The declaration that that Senator
has made, founded upon his knowledge of the In-
dian character, was true. The Indians were all
round the pay table. They were there complain-
ing that their names had not been placed upon the
roil by the previous agent, whose duty it was to
identify them. The Indians could not be paid
unless their names were upon the roll. But true
to the instincts of the Indian character—and it
illustrates the truth of what the Senator says—
they were there.
But there is another feature in this case which
astonishes me more than anything else I have ever
met with as a member of the Senate. The duties
of the Committee on Indian Affairs are at best
but a thankless task; and in the investigations
which they make, they do it independent of those
auspices, considerations, and soft influences which
too often pervade the Senate, and which advocate J
by arguments, too frequently irresistible, the adop- j
tion of measures which are enforced by more '
powerful considerations. But the Indians are a
dependent people, without political power or pat-
ronage, who come here always as suppliants upon
the generosity and justice of the Government; and
when we give a patient investigation to one of
their claims, and report it as worthy the favorable
consideration of this body, there are some who
pounce down upon it with that kind of opposition
which seems to argue that everything connected
witb Indian affairs is necessarily rotten in its in-
cipiency, and corrupt in its history throughout.
But that is not the circumstance to which I
particularly allude. It is, that the distribution of
this small appropriation is to be in North Caro-
lina, and the Senator from North Carolina has
evinced a stern kind of justice in refusing to
vote this little favor. "Why, sir, if any gentleman
^rets up here and moves something to be disbursed
m Arkansas, I take it under my most favorable
consideration, and it requires arguments of the
sternest and strongest character to induce me to
abandon it. Here we see the rare instance of a
Senator, from the State where the disbursement is
to be made, considering the justice of the claim
in which it originates. "When I see this, I am in-
duced to believe that I myself am not infallible.
Iam induced to believe that there is something
wrong in this case, and that it comes to us, really,
in a questionable shape. I am disposed to sig-
nalize so rare an occasion as this by something
that is almost equally as rare; and that is to with-
draw the amendment. Were it not that it is the
amendment of the committee, and that I have no
voice now in their decision, in order that my
course might be signalized by something as rare
as that which has distinguished the Senator from
North Carolina, I should withdraw it. I will,
however, submit this case to the Senate. It is
really too simple a matter to engage the attention
of this venerable body for so long a time, and I
will, without another word, submit it to the de-
cision of the Senate.
Mr. BA DGER. Mr. President, I am extremely
sorry that my friend from Arkansas has made
the remark which has just fallen from him, be-
cause it revealed a trait in his character of the ex-
istence of which I had no knowledge before, that
when an appropriation is proposed to be made,
he inquires not primarily into the justice of the
demand, but into the section of country in which
the money is to be expended. Now, I never
trouble myself about where the money is to be
expended; my only anxiety is to ascertain whether
it is honestly and justly due, and whether, under
the circumstances, the Government ought to pay
it. I would as cheerfully vote for an nppropria-
tion of a sum of money, to be expended among
my friend's friends in Arkansas as I would for the
same sum to be expended among my friends in
North Carolina. But until my friend mentioned
that this appropriation was to be expended in North
Carolina, t knew not where it was to be spent;
and now it is a matter of entire indifference to me.
Perhaps if the idea had struck me at the begin-
ning, that it was to be so spent, I might have con-
tented myself with giving a silent vote against it;
but I am very glad that I did not know it, because
it gives me an opportunity of committing myself
openly against a wrongful application of the pub-
lic money to any quarter of the country.
My friend says that the Committee on Indian
Affairs have a very hard, dry, and thankless office
to discharge. They have to examine cases which
bring them not under the "soft influences" which
he seems to imagine govern the action of other com-
mittees, and perhaps extend their authority over
the whole Senate. But under whatever influences
that committee act, I appeal to him, and to the
whole experience of this body, if they have not
been in the habit of exercising a most controlling
influence over the action of the Senate? I have
always been in the habit of going with the Indian
Committee. I have always been in the habit of
voting for what they recommended as proper to
be appropriated. My friend will permit me to re-
mind him that one of the easiest and most effectual
means by which the influence and control of that
or any other committee, over the opinion and
judgment of this body may be ultimately lost, is
to press upon our kind and yielding confidence
cases like this, which will not bear the test of a
moment's examination.
Now, what is this case? I shall be a little jeal-
ous of the Committee on Indian Affairs hereafter
with propriety. 1 remember the case well. We
appropriated a large sum of money for the purpose
of discharging the totality of these Cherokee claims.
We put it into the bill that that was the last ap-
propriation Congress would make upon the sub-
ject. We declared that it should be in full. We
ordered it to be distributed to the persons who
were entitled to it. Advertisements were made.
Every opportunity of information was afforded to
persons who might have just claims, and the
money was paid to the applicants. Now, say the
Committee on Indian Affairs, here are some people
who did not get notice and we must pay them,
and then put in the proviso that this snail be the
last appropriation. But if your first proviso is
worthless, what virtue do you give to it when you
reinstate it in the present appropriation ? None.
Then the whole result in this: that this Govern-
ment can never, by any process, any notice in an
appropriation, any declaration whatever, clear
itself of the demands set up on behalf of this
Cherokee nation. No, sir, we can never give to
this, what we hope we have given to the compro-
mise measures, the character of finality.
Now, I do not wish to adopt any such princi-
ple or system for the government of Congress.
This Government has made sincere and earnest
efforts to discharge its obligation towards these
Indians. They have made this as a final appro-
priation. It was a large and liberal appropriation.
It is possible that somebody who was entitled,
mav have failed in receiving his share; but that
possibility will exist always, and the only way by
which the Government can be discharged at all,
in my judgment, is by holding to the first pay-
ment, declaring it to be final and refusing to re-
open the investigation. In all human affairs there
must be an end sometime, an end to accounts, and
open and unliquidated demands. I think that the
act of Congress fixed a proper period and made
suitable arrangements, and a just appropriation to
make it not only final by the direct declaration and
order of Congress, but final in right and justice;
and, therefore, I think with the Senator from Vir-
ginia, we ought not to reopen it. If we do, as
the Senator from Michigan has said, why may
not six hundred orsix thousand peoplecome here,
at the next session, and demand another appropri-
ation on precisely the same ground ?
The amendment to the amendment was dis-
agreed to; and the amendment of the Committee
on Indian Affairs was rejected.
Mr. COOPER. I am directed by the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs to move to amend the bill by
striking out the following:
iiEcl Rivers, (Miamis.)
"For permanent annuity stipulated in the fourth article
of the treaty of the 3d of August, 1795, $500.
" For permanent annuity, stipulated in the third articleof
the treaty of the 21st of August, 1805. ;$250.
" For permanent annuity, stipulated in the third article of
the treaty of the 3uth of September, 1809, $350: Provided,
That the money appropriated by the three preceding clauses,
toeethei with the -ltmlar appropriations in 1850 and 1851, for
the Eel Rivers (Miami<) heretofore withheld from payment,
shall be paid to said Eei Rivers (Miamis) only,and to no other
band, or nation, or individual?; and that all annuities here-
tofore due, and appropriated to the Eel Rivers, (Miamis,)
and erroneously or otherwise paid to the Miami nation, <hall
be repaid to the Eel Rivers (Miamis) out of the money ap-
propriated in 1851 and 1852, for payment of annuities tosaid
Miami nation; or, if the Commissioner of Indian Affairs
deem it more expedient and just to the Indians, chall be paid
arid is hereby appropriated out of the Treasury of the United
State?, to be repaid to the United States, by being withheld
from the Miami annuities, in such installments as the Com-
missioner may deem expedient."
And inserting in lieu thereof:
For the redemption and final extinction of the annuities
due to the Eel Rivers (Miamis) under the provisions of the
treaties of August 3, 1795, August 21, 1805, and 30th Sep-
tember, 1809, .$15,000, to be paid per capita: Provided,
That before paying the said sum, or any part thereof, to the
said Eel River Miamis, they shall relinquish, in such form
a« the Secretary of the Interior shall direct, all claim and
demand on the United States, for any fuither annuity or
payment: Jind provided jitrtker, That it shall be the duty
of the Secretary of the Interior, before paying the said sum
of money, as above directed, to ascertain who are the in-
dividuals composing the said band, without regard to the
place of their residence, and to pay to the said individuals,
so ascertained, per capita, the sum of money herein before
appropriated.
I will explain theamendment, I suppose there
will be no objection to it on the part of the chair-
man of the Committee on Finance at any rate.
In the treaty of 1795, there was an appropriation
made for the Ee! River Miamis, then a tribe num-
bering some three or four hundred souls. An
annuity was provided, of $500, to be paid to them
annually in cattle, and tools, and presents. In
1805, a second treaty was made, by which another
annuity of $250 was provided to be paid to them.
In 1809, a third treaty was made, by which $350
more was to be paid to them annually in perpetu-
ity. These sums, amounting to $1,100 in all,
were paid to that tribe up to 1837, when it became
extinct, or nearly extinct. Since that time, these
sums have been paid to the Miamis proper, resi-
dent in Missouri. There has been paid to the
Miamis some $13,800 of money, which the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs believes to be due to
the Eel River Miamis; or he has requested the
committee to ask for the payment now to the Eel
River Miamis, of the sum which has been misap-
propriated, and paid for fifteen years past to the
Miamis. Last year he directed an investigation
to be made into the fact as to whether the tribe,
known as the Eel River tribe, continued to exist.
A gentleman, now a member of the House of Rep-
resentatives, [Mr. Fitch,] was appointed for this
purpose. He applied himself to the duty, and
discovered that there are now living in the State
of Indiana, sixteen old squaws and young children
—the sole remnant of this tribe. It is to them he
recommends that this $13,800 be paid. The com-
mittee do not think it is proper that these sums
should continue to be paid to that tribe any longer.
The national existence of the tribe has ceased. It is
no longer a tribe, exercising tribal authority. The
objects for which the annuities were originally
given, have ceased to exist; the committee have
therefore recommended that the money due to the
tribe up to this time, be paid to the whole body of
the nation—if I may use the word " nation" in
application to sixteen individuals, residing on a
single quarter of a section of land, subject to the
laws of the United States, and not pretending to
exercise the functions of a tribe—and on the pay-
ment of it, they are required to relinquish forever
the annuities. It will be perceived that the amend-
ment strikes out of the bill the appropriation that
is required to be made, and inserts an appro-
priation of a similar amount, or nearly a similar
amount, which is to be paid to the tribe, m con-
sideration of a relinquishment of the annuities for
all time to come. With that understanding, I sup-
pose there will be no objection to making the ap-
propriation. It is, in fact, striking out an appro-
priation, and extinguishing, for all time to come,
these annuities.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, the provision
as it stands in the bill, arises out of this state of
things: It was supposed that the Eel River tribe
of Miamis was extinct, and the annuity was there-
fore paid to the Missouri Miamis. It was discov-
ered afterwards that a portion of this Eel River
tribe remained. Mr. Fitch, a member of the
House of Representatives from Indiana, was ap-
pointed to investigate the fact, and he ascertained
that there were about sixteen of them, I think,
still living. It was provided in the appropriation
bill of last year, that the Eel River Miamis should
be paid what had been withheld from them; but
that it should bededucted from theannuities given
