1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1291
has ever seen. But while I cheerfully render this
justice, it does not therefore follow, that I am for-
ever to forget the injurious aspersions upon my
own country, which, at one time, gave a tone, and
a very unjust one, to the public opinion of Christ-
endom, respecting the moral, social, and political
condition of the American people. No, sir; I, for
one, will be guilty of no such subserviency. Dur-
ing a long life, I have watched the course of Eng-
land, and I want no contest of arms with her; I
want a contest of arts, of science, of literature, of
- alt those pursuits which give dignity to man, and
prosperity and intelligence to human nature.
1 repeat, I have observed from early life the
courseof England. From the day that John Adams
presented himself to George III. as the first rep-
resentative of the lost colonies, in his Cabinet—a
scene which that sturdy old patriot has graphically
described in his letters—down almost to the pres-
er*t day, there has been a feeling of aversion in the
British breast against the great American Repub-
lic. At first, this feeling of aversion was mingled
with contempt; but at length, time and events,
while they left the sentiment of repulsion in active
operation, substituted for contempt some degree of
respect, which is now gradually mingling with an-
other feeling, destined to exert a powerful influence
upon the intercourse, intellectual and material, be-
tween the two countries. I am sure I shall not
be accused, in this Senate, of speaking under the
impulse of too ardent a patriotism when I say that
this sentiment is growing stronger day by day,
and that, day by day, its consequences will be
more developed.
Mr. BADGER. What is it?
Mr. CASS. Apprehension. Now, sir, I do
not pretend that I have home this national con-
tumely in the Christian spirit of turning another
cheek to receive another blow. I have not done
so. I have been for carrying the war into Africa.
When an Englishman talks about the wickedness
of a spirit of aggrandizement, and about that rep-
robate Brother Jonathan, who covets the goods of
all his neighbors, strong and weak, and seizes all
where he does not fear resistance, I am ever
tempted to refer to a little island, off .the western
coast of Europe, which boasts that the sun never
sets .upon her possessions, and which never ac-
quired a foot of territory but by the sword; while
the acquisitions we have made, with one exception,
have been made by peaceful arrangement to the
great satisfaction of the people inhabiting them;
and the exceptional case was one which we had
conquered in a just and necessary war, and for
which we also paid a valuable consideration.
It is perhaps a part of the conformation of an
Englishman, certainly improved by constant prac-
tice, that he is very acute in seeing the mote in
brother Jonathan's eye, but very obtuse in dis-
cerning the beam in his own. I have, from time
to time, in public and in private, wherever I have
heard or seen these aspersions, met them in the real
Hannibalian spirit, in which national attacks ought
to be met. It is within the knowledge of the
present generation, that, with supercilious cant, a
British review asked the question, "Who reads
an American book?" And the pregnant inquiry
was repeated, with true national complacency, by
almost every man, who could read a primer from
John O'Groat's house to the Land's End; aye,
and it went on its way to Siberia rejoicing. The
question meant much more than was asked. It
meant: What name, but one, has America ever
added to the long list of illustrious men, who have
marked their day3 and their deeds upon the history
of the world, from the earliest period of recorded
time down to our age? It meant, what single
feat in arms, in arts, in science, in literature, or in
any of thejgreat pursuits, which elevate the human
character, and which give stability to nations, and
freedom and prosperity to men—what single feat
has America ever performed to illustrate her own
character, or to command the respect or the grati-
tude of the world? Nobody asks that question
now. It is a self-answered inquiry. Why, sir,
the very subject, that engrosses our attention, the
very object, which is now producing this spirited
competition between us and England, is the result
of the genius of an American—of the genius of
Fulton, who first showed the practical applicabil-
ity of steam to ocean and to inland navigation.
He did not, indeed, reveal a new world to an old
one, like his great predecessor in the realms of dis-
covery, Columbus; but he brought two worlds
into closer proximity than they had been before.
He almost annihilated distance. He practically
reduced the circumference of the world to one third
of its original extent; and he opened a career for
the industry and enterprise of nations, that no
vision even of the imagination, had ever before
shadowed forth, to stimulate or to reward human
exertions.
This power is but in the infancy of its career,
and already it has advanced in its work with the
pace of a giant. The smoke of the steamboat, as
well as the white canvas of the jailing ship, is
spread upon the world of waters—aye, and it is
seen in every nook of the globe, wherever man is
to be found to need the benefits of commerce, the
consolations of religion, or the blessings of intel-
lectual advancement, and he must be wiser or
rasher than I am, who undertakes to set limits to
the effects of this discovery—where it is to lead
the world, and what great changes in civilization
it is to produce. Why, sir, it is a possession
richer than the gold of our modern Ophir, more
precious than all the spfcy treasures of " Araby
the blest." It is the great invention of modern
days. It marks the present as the era of civiliza-
tion above ail other recorded epochs in the calen-
dar of time.
One word more upon another point. The feel-
ing, to which I have referred, existing between
England and our own country, has felt the soft-
ening influence of time and intercourse. It was
not at all unnatural that, when we were first vio-
lently separated from the parent country, the dis-
ruption should lead to mutual aversion, and espe-
I cially on the part of the defeated nation. We
were a small people, who had come happily out of
a great contest. By the blessing of God, the jus-
tice of our cause, and the valor, patriotism, and
wisdom of our fathers, gained a great victory^ and
with it the best Government (and I hope we shall
hold on to it) which the world has ever seen, or, in
my opinion, ever will see elsewhere. It is not won-
derful, that the intercourse between the two na-
tions, which commenced under such circumstances,
commenced and continued in a spirit of unkind-
ness. But I am happy to know, that a sensible
melioration has taken place. I trust, that ere long
the two nations will have no contest, butthatcom-
petition, which is at once the incentive and the
reward of a generous national ri\alry—a strife for
superiority m all the pursuits, interesting to civili-
zation and to the prosperity of nations. That is
a contest, into which we have entered,and of which
the subject before us is an important branch. 1
am not willing to abandon it. I am not willing to
confess, directly or indirectly, that we have been
beaten; and that sentiment is to my mind a para-
mount reason for holding on at present to this en-
terprise—at any rate, till all the necessary facts
are clearly ascertained.
I yesterday had an amendment read for inform-
ation, which I shall submit at the proper time.
Its object is, simply to have a full and practical
examination of these vessels, with their cost, and
the probable expense of sailing them; and to
cause the report jn relation to thein to be presented
to Congress at the next session; so that we may
be able definitely to form an opinion upon their
value and their properties, and upon the propriety
of continuing their employment. I am willing to
j provideforthis additional contractuntil that can be
done; but not beyond that time, if the examination
and report should be adverse. I shall vote for
the proposition of the Senator from North Caro-
lina to limit the duration of the grant; and if it is
pressed by no one else it will be by me. I am
' desirous to place this matter in such a situation,
that Congress may terminate the arrangement,
whenever it is found by practical inquiry to be
unsatisfactory.
If such a provision is made, the arrangement
will be a safe one, as the matter will then be
within the control of Congress.
Mr. CLEMENS. Before the vote is taken, I
wish to say that I agreed to pair off with the Sen-
ator from Delaware, [Mr. Spruance,] who was
compelled to go home ; and although nothing was
said about amendments, I suppose that, in good
faith, I must refrain from voting on any amend-
ment which will materially affect the character of
the bill.
Mr. MORTON. I wish to state that I have
paired off with the Senator from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Davis,} on all the questions connected with j
this amendment. I therefore wish to be excused
from voting.
The question was then taken on the amendment
to the amendment, and resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs.-Adams, Atchison, Borland, Brodhead,
Brooke, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Felcli, Gey-
er, Hunter, Jones of Iowa, Jones of ^Tennessee,'King,
Mallory, Magon, Sebastian, Underwood, Wade, Walkfcr,
Weller, and Whitcomb—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Badger, Bayard, Bell, Berrien, Brad-
bury, Bright, Cass, Clarke, Dawson, "Douglas, Fish, G win,
Hale, Hamlin, Houston, James, Maftgum, Miller, Norris,
Pearce, Pratt, Rusk, Seward, Shields, Smith, Stockton,
Sumner, and Upham—28.
So the amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
Mr. BROOKE. I move to strike out the
amendment proposed by the committee and to in-
sert the following, as another section.
4<Sec. —. •find be it jurther enacted, That, in addition
to the compensation now allowed to the Collins line of
steamers for the transportation of the mails between New
York and Liverpool, there shall be appropriated' the whole
amount of postages received on the mails carried by said
steamers: Provided, That the number of trips of sanl steam-
ers shall be increased t'rem twenty to twentv-six per annum,
at such times as shall be directed by the Postmaster Gen-
eral ; said increase of service to commence on the first day
of July, 1852." T
The PRESIDENT. It will not be in order to
offer that as an amendment, in that form, or
without leaving a portion of the-origina* amend-
ment.
Mr. BROOKE. Then I will modify it, so as
to strike out all of the original amendment after
the words, "For additional compensation," and
insert all that part of my amendment which com-
mences with and follows the words, "now al-
lowed to the Collin's line," &c., to the end. It
will then read, " For additional compensation to
the Collins line," &c.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would suggest
to my friend from Mississippi an alteration of his
amendment, which is to strike out that portion
which gives the present amount allowed to them.
His purpose was, I suppose, to give them the
whole amount of postages, and not the $385,000
in addition. I am not willing to give that sum in
addition to the postages. I understand from the
friends of this measure, that the owners of the line
are of opinion that it will be a profitable thing to
the Government. If that be so, I am willing the
company should have all that may be made out
of it; but I am not willing to give the $385,000 in
; addition. If the amendment of the Senator from
Mississippi is altered so as to correspond to that
idea, I will vote for it. I move to strike out
" $385,000."
The PRESIDENT. The modification can only
be made with the assent of the Senator from Mis-
sissippi.
Mr. BROOKE. I assent to the proposition of
the Senator from Tennessee, and will modify the
amendment.
The amendment was modified so as to read:
11 For compensation, m lieu of that now allowed to the
Collins line of steamers, for the transportation of the'mail*
between New York and Liverpool, there shall be appropn-
ated the whole amount of postages received on the mails
carried by said steamer*: Provided, That the number of
trips ot said steamers shall be increased fiom twenty to
twenty-six per annum, at such times as shall bo directed by
the Postmaster General, said increase of service to com-
mence on the first day of July, 1852."
Mr. HALE. I shall vote against that proposi-
tion, and any other, I do not care what it is, which
makes the compensation of this line depend upon
the postages which it may receive. I am in favor
of cheap postage both on land and water; and the
moment we assign over to these gentlemen, as a
means of compensating them, the receipts from
postages, and make their compensation depend
upon them, they will have an interest in keeping
the mtps of postage where they now stand, and
I we shall be bound in honor not to reduce them
during the continuance of their contract. For
that reason I am utterly opposed, to making their
compensation depend on their receipts from pos-
tages.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I certainly cannot fa-
vor this amendment, if it will decrease the amount
of letter writing; but I am sure it is entirely use-
less to resist the amendment which is proposed by
the committee. It is like the French spoliation
! bill, and will he carried.
Mr. HALE. Yes, that is its manifest des-
tiny.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I will say, however,
