1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2155
to the other Miamis. It was suggested, however,
that this was too large a deduction to be made at
once from the annuities of the other Miamis; and
the House of Representatives, in the present biil,
amended the former provision, by providing that
the amount should be paid to them by degrees.
The difference between the provision of the
House, as I understand it, and that now proposed
by the Committee on Indian Affairs, is, that the
Committee on Indian Affairs propose that this sum
which is to be paid to the Eel River Miamis shall
be paid out of the Treasury of the United States,
and not out of the annuities of the other Miamis;
but they propose to compensate the United States
for this provision, by the extinguishment of this
annuity hereafter.
Mr. COOPER. That is it.
Mr. HUNTER. I do not know that I shall
have any objection to it if it can be done. It is
true it would cost the Treasury a little more, but
it seems to me that, when tribes are so nearly ex-
tinguished, it would be well to set the precedent
of making provision to terminate their annuities—
which they can no longer want. If an arrange-
ment can be made with the Eel Rivers to extin-
guish their annuities, I should have no objection
to paying them out of the Treasury some com-
pensation for it. The doubtful part of the amend-
ment, in my mind is, whether we are not releas-
ing the other Miamis from the obligation of
refunding the amount which they have wrongfully
received. It is true the amount is not very much,
but the question is, whether it may not be an
encouragement to frauds to be perpetrated by the
Indian tribes, and whether they may not come in
and obtain, not only their own share, but what is
due to other tribes. If in making this provision
we do not require the tribe which has obtained
the money to refund it, do we not encourage them
to impose upon their neighbors? This is only a
question with me. So far as I am concerned, I
believe I have no objection to the amendment of
the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. COOPER. Mr. President, it seems to me
that the difficulty suggeyted by the Senator from
Virginia has no existence in fact. All tribal at-
tributes on the part of these people have ceased.
They do not pretend to exercise tribal jurisdiction.
They are living under the laws of the United
States, without pretending to exercise for them-
selves any authority. The objects for which the
annuities were originally provided, at least the
largest annuities, have ceased to exist altogether.
There are now but sixteen souls of this band.
Three of them are very old squaws. The others
are young Indians. Some of them have arrived
at the age of maturity, and some have not. The
annuity of §1,100 is due to the Eel Rivers, and not
to the Missouri Miamis, and it will cease on the
payment of this sum. A provision is made in the
amendment that the Eel Rivers shall relinquish all
claim to the annuities for the futurebeforethis sum
of$15,000 is paid. The committeethoughtthat it
was better that some amount—that which would
row be due to them if they had continued to exist
as a tribe—should be paid to them to stop the an-
nuities; but they did not think it worth while to
seek to recover from the Missouri Miamis the
amount which they have received through a mis-
application of the fund. This amendment will
relieve the United States for the future from this
annual appropriation without doing injustice to the
Indians. It will give them a competence, and that
is all that can be asked of us. The amendment
provides for the manner in which it shall be done
 that the money shall be distributed per capita
amongst all the individuals of the tribe; those in-
dividuals to be ascertained in such manner as the
Secretary of the Interior shall point out.
Mr.' HUNTER. The amendment seems to be
well guarded, but there is another doubt which
arises in my mind. The Eel River Miamis were
supposed to be extinct; and the annuity due to
them was paid to the Missouri Miamis. What I
wish to know is, whether it may not be necessary,
in order to extinguish this annuity, to obtain not
only the assent of the Eel Rivers, but also the
assent of the other Miamis; for I do not see why
the whole annuity should have been paid to them
heretofore, unless they had some title to it. Will
the annuity revert to the Missouri Miamis in the
event that the other tribe becomes extinct?
Mr. COOPER. I will answer the question. It
was through a mistake that the amount was paid
to the Missouri Miamis. The Commissioner of
Indian Affairs understands the question perfectly,
and this year and last year the amount was not
paid to the Missouii Mianns; so that theie is no
difficulty in that respect.
Mr. BRIGHT. Mr. President, I see no good
reason for making the change proposed by the
honorable Senator from Pennsylvania. I am un-
willing to see the amount appropriated here, ap-
propriated in gross. The Eel River tribe weie at
one time a part of the Miami—recognized as such
but, nevertheless, known as a distinct band,
having a distinct organization. It is true, as has
been stated, that most of them are females. There
are, perhaps, but two warriors, an old and a
young man, living. Upon the representations of
the Miami tribe, that the Eel River branch of the
tribe were extinct, the Miami tribe for several
years past have been drawing the annuities due
the Eel Rivers. It is only within the last two
years that the fact has been known to the Depart-
ment, that the Eel River band of the Miami tribe,
now, I believe, fourteen in number, are in exist-
ence.
Mr. COOPER. There are sixteen. I havethe
names here.
Mr. BRIGHT. Sixteen were reported; but
I believe two have since died. At the instance of
the Indian Department, one of my colleagues, m
the other House, ascertained the residence of
these Indians, their ages, &c. I undeistand that
this amendment has been prepared at the instance
of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, who, as J
supposed, when he was before the Committee on
Finance, approved the provision of the bill as it
came from the House. Whether he has, or has
not, changed his position since, 1 do not know;
but I understood him to recommend the appro-
priation of the money as provided for in the bill
as it came to us. If he has changed his opinion,
and has any good reason for it, 1 should like to
hear it.
Mr. COOPER. He has not changed; but the
committee have examined the questiou, and be-
lieve that, as the tribe has ceased to exist as a
tribe, and as the objects for which these annuities
were paid have ceased also, it was something
worse than foily to continue to appropriate.
Mr. BRIGHT. To what committee does the
gentleman refer ?
Mr. COOPER. The Committee on Indian Af-
fairs; by the authority of which committee lhave
reported the amendment.
Mr. BRIGHT. For several years past the
Miami tribe of Indians, located in Missouri, have
drawn the annuity due to this Eel River branch of
the tribe. The bill, as it came from the House,
simply provides that the amounts to be paid to the
Eel River Miamis shall be refunded out of the an-
nuities of the other portion of the Miami tribe.
Hereafter, if the Government desires to purchase
out and pay a round sum for the amount due
under the provisions of the treaty, they will have
a right to do so; but now there is justly and fairly
due the Eel River tribe of Indians the amount of
money provided by the bill.
Mr. COOPER. Will theSenator from Indiana
allow me to make a suggestion ? We appropri-
ate #1,200 more than is due to them up to this time.
We propose to pay the Eel Rivers the amount
that has been misapplied since 1837, and we make
it the round sum of #15,000, which is $1,200 more
than is actually due them, and we provide for the
purchase, for that lound sum, of the annuities.
Mr. BRIGHT. These Indians ask no more
than is due them. All they ask is, that the Gov-
ernment shall execute the treaty made with them.
It was stipulated by the treaty, that they should
receive so much annually. It would have been
paid to them had the Government known where
they were; but it appears that, in the breaking up
and reorganization of the band, these Indians were
left behind, on the Wabash river, where they re-
mained. As is said by the honorable Senator,
they are now about sixteen in number. As soon
as their whereabouts was ascertained, and their
identity was acknowledged,thelndian Department
admitted that that amount of money ought to be
! paid to them; and I am unwilling to accept for
: them $1,200 or $1,500, or any otheramount, upon
condition that their claim shall be extinguished.
Mr. COOPER. The Senator is entirely mis-
taken again. We propose to appropriate#15,000
to purchase out their annuity, which is §1,200
more than they would be entitled to. We appro-
priate not only the sum that has been withheld
from them for thirteen years past, but #1,200
more. We now propose to give them $15,000 to
purchase in the annuity, and relieve the United
States for the future from the payment of it.
Mr. BRIGHT. I understood the Senator per-
fectly, and I think it is he that is mistaken, and
not myself. 1 wish to be understood as saying
that if the Government had gone on to pay these
Eel River Indians the amount of money due them
under the treaty, instead of paying it to the Mi-
amis, the Government would have paid them over
$13,000—the amount provided for in the bill as it
came from the House of Representatives and the
Committee on Finance. That amount is the
amount to which the Eel Rivers are entitled; but
we do not claim that they are entitled to it out of
the National Treasury. We claim that they are
entitled to it out of the money paid by the Gov-
ernment to the other branch of the Miami tribe
of Indians, and the bill, as it stands, provides that
the amount shall be taken out of the annuities due
the Miami tribe of Indians. I am unwilling to
accept for them the $1,200 proposed to be given
as an additional sum to terminate their claim on
the Treasury.
The clause, as it came from the House, and as
it was reported from the Committee on Finance,
gives to the Indians just what they are entitled to,
and they ought to have it now. If, hereafter, the
Government should see proper to make them an
offer, and give them a round sum to purchase in
their annuity, it may be that they will accept it;
but it is certainly just, riarht, and proper that we
should now appropriate the $13,000 to these In-
dians, to be taken within one, two, or three years,
from the amount that is due under the treaty with
the Great Miami tribe of Indians.
Mr. BELL. Will the Senator from Indiana
inform the Senate whether these Indians are not
subject to the laws of Indiana—whether in any
respect they are different with regard to the juris-
diction of the State, civil and criminal, from other
citizens of the State of Indiana'1
Mr. BRIGHT. They are not citizens of In-
diana.
Mr. BELL. Are they not subject to the laws
of Indiana?
Mr. BRIGHT. Of course they 8re subject to
the civil and criminal laws of the State of Indiana,
but they are not citizens. They are residents, it
is true; but they do not exercise the functions of
citizenship.
Mr. BELL. They are subject to the laws of
Indiana, as other non-voting inhabitants. The
Indians are not allowed to vote, but they are enti-
tled to any other privilege but that of enjoying
office and voting-.
Mr. BRIGHT. Yes, sir.
Mr. BELL. Now, the Committee on Indian
Affairs very gravely considered this question, but
I do not know that the Senate will sanction their
j decision. This is not the only band of Indians
I with whom we have treaties, for whom annuities
have been provided,sometimes perpetual annuities.
It has happened in this case precisely as it is likely
to happen in other cases. They will be multiply-
ing upon us now as time progresses. These In-
dians have not had their annuities paid to them
for some twelve or thirteen yenrs, because they
were lost sight of. It was not known where they
were. It was not known that there was any such
band in existence as the Eel River band of Mi-
; amis. The Miamis of Missouri, because they
j had the same generic name, claimed the annuities,
! and received them to the amount of some $13,000.
| Now, sir, as the honorable Senator from Penn-
I sylvania has stated, the $500 principal annuity,
| secured by one of three treaties, was to be paid
i for that object. That has altogether long since
1 ceased. It was to enable the Eel River band of In-
j dians to accommodate themselves to agricultural
I industry—to enable them to live by cultivating the
■ earth, instead of living by the chase and hunting,
j as the other tribes. It was not merely to be an
I annuity of $500 in money, but we were to give
them certain specific articles adapted to their con-
dition than as a separate tribes of Indians. The
Senator from Indiana says, they once belonged to
the other tribe, but we treated with them as a dis-
, tinct tribe or nation of Indians, and provided that
i these annuities should go to them separately and
I distinctly as a band. We treated with them in
