is m.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
379
questioned two persons connected with this lega- S
uon, on the subject, who were present at those in- !
terviews in the capacity of interpreters. It is not '
strange that the Secretary of State should have
foigotten what was said incidentally in regard to
this matter: first, because it was not the princi-
pal object of the interview; secondly, because his
attention was very little drawn to this point;
thirdly, owing to the grave and multitudinous
matters which occupy his mind; and, finally, be-
cause no memorandum was made of what took
place at the interviews.
The undersigned might, perhaps, feel it to be
his duty to say something in regard to other 1
points, touched upon in the aforesaid note of the j
Secretary of State. He abstains doing so, because 1
in obedience to the promptings of his own feelings \
and the instructions he has received from his
Government on this subject, he desires to make
this note as concise as possible, lest any phrase or
expression might be misunderstood, and, there-
fore, seem offensive to the Secretary of State.
The undersigned renews to the Secretary of
State the assurances of his most distinguished
consideration. LUIS DE LA ROSA.
Hon. Daniel Websier, &c., &c., &c.
[translation.]
JVIr. De la Rosa, to Mr. Webster.
Mexican Legation in the United States, )
Washington, March 8th, 1^51. £
The undersigned, Envoy Extraordinary and
Minister Plenipotentiary of the Republic of Mex-
ico, has the honor of addressing himself to the
Secretary of State of the United States, informing
him that he has been requested by his Govern-
ment to apprise the Government of this Republic,
that Mr. Edmund J. Forstall has advanced the
sum of two hundred and twenty thousand dollars
to Mexico, which must be reimbursed to him out
of the next installment due by the United States
to Mexico, agreeably to the treaty of Guadalupe.
The undersigned begs to inclose to theSecretary
of State the accompanying copy of the note of his
Government, in relation to tins matter; and he
avails himself of this opportunity to renew to him
the assurances of lus most distinguished consider-
ation. LUIS DE LA ROSA.
To the Hon. Daniel Webster, <&c.,&c., &c.
[translation.]
Department of Interior and Foreign Relations of the
Republic of Mexico.—JV'o. 12.— Tivo hundred and
twenty thousand dollars of the Indemnity.
National Palace, )
Mexico, February 8th, 18.31. \
Most excellent Sir: In a. note, dated the 4th
instant, his Excellency the Minister of Finances
communicatee to me what follows:
" Most excellent Sir: His Excellency the
4 President has directed me to address this com-
' munieation to your Excellency, in order that,
< conformably to the certificate for two hundred
4 and twenty thousand dollars, ($220,000,) which
* has been forwarded to D. Edmund J. Foistall,
< which sum he has paid into the General Treas-
' ury, agreeably to a contract made by him 011 this J
( day, and which is to be reimbursed to him out ,
* of the next installment of the indemnity due from ,
* the United States. You will please to apprise 1
* that Government of the fact accordingly, per
< principal, duplicate, triplicate, and quadruplicate.
1 And I inclose a copy of the same to your Excel-
* lency, in order that you may do as requested^.
" God and liberty. YANES.
"To His Excellency the Minister Plenipotentiary ^
of the Republic of Mexico, in Washington."
On motion, the House then adjourned till twelve
o'clock to-morrow.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr L -VNE "avc notice of his intention to introduce a bill
for the relief of G ecu ge At.mnuthy, of Oregon Territory.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following memorials, petitions, &e., were presented
under the rule, and r.?!bnedto the appiopnate committees :
Hv Mr. McDONALD: The petition of Peter Glover of
Maine pi riving for compensation for injuries received, by
him while in the employment of the United States.
\Iso, the petition of Stiilman and othe v, citizens ot
Maine, dfknig an uppropuation loi the eieeuon ol a buoy
and the completion of a beacon at the entrance ot Poit -
niouth haibor. . , . „ rJ I
By Mr. CHANDLER: The memorial of _.lest>rs. iiajts
&. Smith, of Philadelphia, asking to have refunded to them
a sum ot money paid to the Government.
Also, the memorial ot John YVe-t and other citizens of
Pennsylvania, asking for the passage of a law granting aid
to those who suffered in the warot 1812.
By Mr. EASTMAN : The petition of John Cummings,
for compensation tor extra beivices at Foit Crawford.
By Mr. BOWNE- The memorial of 0. Callaghan and
others, praying Congress to puichase the Spanish 
received by the United States from Spam under the Con-
vention ot1634.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, January 24, 1852.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Rev. L. F. Morgan.
The Journal was read and approved.
BOUNTY LAND BILL.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker,
what is the first business in order?
The SPEAKER. The call of committees for
reports.
ASSIGNABILITY OF LAND WARRANTS.
Mr. HARRIS. Does not the report of the
select committee on the bill relative to the assign-
ability of bounty land warrants come up in order
this morning?
The SPEAKER. That is the unfinished busi-
ness for the morning1 hour.
Mr. HARRIS. I will withdraw the demand
for the previous question, which is the pending j
motion on that question, for a moment. It is very 1
clear to my mind, from the discussion which this 1
bill has elicited, and I suppose it must be clear to i
the mind of every gentleman upon this floor, that j
some legislation upon this subject is absolutely J
necessary. But gentlemen differ very widely as ,
to what that legislation shall be. There is a bill ,
upon your table upon the same subject from the ,
Senate. I have withdrawn the demand for the pre- :
vious question, in order that 1 may ask the unaui- ■
mous consent of the House to take up the Senate 1
bill and refer it, in connection with this, to the \
Committee of the Whole 011 the state of the Union,
and to make them the special order for some day. j
Gentlemen admit the necessity of the passage of :
some bill of this description, but d.iTer as to what ,
shall be adopted. I therefore desire that both j
these bills shall be referred to the Committee of ■
the Whole on the state of the Union to be per* ,
fected, in order that some bill may be passed as ,
soon as possible.
Mr. TUCK. Some days ago I gave notice that ,
I would make a motion to lay that bill upon the
table. But I do not propose to make that motion
now; I am willing to facilitate this business as
much as any one. I have no objections to this
bill being taken up in connection with the Senate
bill, and referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union; but I shall object to the
two bills being made the special order for any day,
for the reason that there is no more urgent neces-
sity for action in this House upon this bill, than
upon any one of the fifty others which will have
to come up in their regular order.
Mr. HARRIS. Then I move to take up the
Senate bill for the transfer of bounty land war-
rants, and that it be referred, in connection with
the bill now under consideration, to tiie Commit- ^
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union; and ■
upon which motion I demand the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House do now resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole 011 the state of the
Union.
A Vi ice. Let us first dispose of these bills.
Mr. HOUSTON. I will not press my motion
if the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Harris]
wishes to first dispose of these bills.
Mr. HARRIS. I do not object. I only wish
to make the motion that these bills be referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and then let it lie over.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then I insist upon my mo-
tion.
Mr. TUCK. If the gentleman will not insist
upon the bills being made a special order, I will
not object to its being taken up.
Mr. HARRIS. Well, 1 will not insist on^t'.
MEXICAN INDEMNITY.
The question was then taken on the motion to
£0 into Committee of the Whole 011 the state of
the Union, and agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Jones, of Tennessee, in the chair.)
Mr. HOUSTON moved that the committee
take up House bill No. 46; which motion was
agreed to.
The committee accordingly proceeded to the
consideration of the bill to provide for the carry-
ing into execution, in further part, the twelfth
article of the treaty with Mexico, concluded in
Guadalupe Hidalgo.
The CHAIRMAN stated that the pending ques-
tion was on the amendment of the gentleman from
California [Mr. Marshall] to the amendment of
the gentleman from Tennessee, (Mr. Johnson,]
and that the gentleman ii om Vlrgiuia [Mr. Meade]
was entitled to the ilooi.
Mr. MEADE. 1 desire that the Clerk shall
read the amendments.
The amendment ofMr. Johnson,of Tennessee,
was read as follows:
" And that said sum be paid over to the proper authori-
ties ot i\Ie\'ieo by the Secretary of the Treusuiy of the
United States uuder the supeivnsion of the President."
The amendment of Mr. Marshall, of Califor-
nia, to the amendment was read as follows:
"Provided, That the President may cause the payment
to be made at such time and in such manner as will beinost
acccptable 10 ttie Government ot'MeMeo."
Mr. MEADE. Mr. Chairman, the discussion
has been diverted very widely from the subject
legitimately before the committee. My object in
rising is to say a few words upon the amendment
now pending. That amendment does not suit me
exactly. I should like to have it remoddled; but
the question now before the committee is the pro-
priety of adopting that amendment.
Heretofore the practice of the House has been
simply to make an appropriation, leaving it to the
discretion of the Executive to dischaige its duties
111 making the payments and in disbursing the
money. That course is one which comes lecom-
mended to us, not only by the universal practice
of the House, but also by that courtesy which
should always exist between this body and the
Executive of the United States, whether the ma-
jority of this body and the Executive belong to
the same political party or not. And some reason
should be given for departing from that practice
in this instance. In doing this, we must necessa-
rily advert to previous action of the Executive,
j in connection with this matter, tor upon that de-
j pends the propriety of our departing from the gen-
: eral rule 111 this instance. ]>ut I must take occa-
J sion to say, that 110 censure whatsoever can be
[ attached to the manner m which the Committee of
1 Ways and Means discharged its duty in the last
i Congress 111 refeience to this Mexican indemnity,
i I think it would be highly improper for the Com-
! mittee of Ways and Means to report any appro-
I priation bill like this, containing any restrictions
! upon the Executive, or any directions by which
| it is to be governed; because it implies that the
1! Executive will not discharge its proper functions.
| For that reason, the Committee of Ways and
| Means did right heretofore in simply appropri-
I ating the necessary amount of money. The Ex-
! ecutjve, however, is responsible to this House and
| to the nation for the manner in which its duties
' are performed. If we disapprove the course of
1 the Executive, we may then very properly direct
1 it in refeience to matters of a kindred nature,
j This bill makes an appropriation of $3,180,000
1 for the payment of the last installment ol the Mex-
] ican indemnity; and the question is, (<How has
■ the Executive discharged its duty in relation to the
j payment of previous installmentsI hold that
i nations, like individuals, are bound by the same
! principles of philanthropy and of molality, and
when they can confer a benr-fit upon another with-
out injuring themselves, they should do so. Andv
as the man who should act upon any other princi-
ple, deserves to be expelled from the society of men
and sent out with the brand of Cain upon his fore-
head, so should a nation be treated sinning m the
same way. Whenever a nation can confer a ben-
efit upon its neighbor without injury to itself, it is
bound to do it. And that nation must be held re-
sponsible to God and man for the omission of that
duty.
At the time when the payment of the last install-
ment became due to Mexico, there were at least
two bidders before our Government for the privi-
lege of making that payment. The Barings &
Brothers, and their associates, were one; and the
