2156
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 10,
1805, as a band of Indians, and since that time
they have withdrawn to a small reservation. They
were to accommodate themselves to agricultural
industry. They claim no longer to be a band or
tribe of Indians. Just as other Indians they are
becoming gradually merged with the population
by which they are surrounded, and are subject to
the laws of the States, not claiming to live under
Indian customs, but liable for all violations of the
laws of the States, civil as well as criminal.
The Committee on Indian Affairs thought that,
not only as a matter of economy, but in order to
do justice to the Indians, we should establish
some such principle as this, and they thought this
a suitable means of doing it. The principle which
they intend to establish is this: When a tribe
ceases to possess its tribal character and becomes
subject to the laws of the States—consisting of a
very small number of individuals, say ten, fifteen,
twenty, or thirty—loses all habit and usage of
regulating itself by their own laws, we shall regard
our treaties as having ceased. Our treaties cease
with them, whenever they cease to be a nation or
tribe; and according to public law, we are under
no obligation to regard them as a nation, the an-
nuities being extinguished by the extinction of the
tribe or nation. But we did not want to do in-
justice to them. We supposed that, by paying
the sum of §15,000, in solido, to these Indians—
women and children, or their guardians—for I sup-
pose the State of Indiana may appoint guardians
for them, as some other States have done under
like circumstances—they would be more benefited
than they would be by receiving the annuities in
kind, as stipulated by the treaty of 1795. It is
not only a matter of economy to the Government,
it is not only founded upon the principle of public
iaw, but it is calculated also to promote their own
true prosperity, and make a provision for them
which shall make them comfortable for life. This
provision would give them §1,000 each, old and
young, and if they have guardians provided for
them, they can be established in a much more
comfortable manner than they are now. Where-
as, if we give them implements of husbandry and
stock farms for them, it will either encourage idle-
ness, or will not benefit them. We are not|bound,
upon any principle of public law, to regard them
as a tribe or nation when they cease to exercise
authority as such. It was upon this ground that
the committee came to the conclusion at which
they have arrived.
Mr. BRIGHT. It is proper, I believe, to per-
fect the amendment as far as possible before it is
voted upon. I move to strike out of the amend-
ment the words, "without regard to the place of
their residence." Perhaps, the Senator who pro-
posed the amendment will accept of this modifi-
cation.
Mr. COOPER. It is the amendment of the
committee, and I cannot accept a modification.
Mr. BRIGHT. The reason for my proposi-
tion is, that a part of the Eel River Indians emi-
grated with the main band to Missouri, and with
that band have been receiving their annuities an-
nually. If they were to be paid out of the $13,000
provided for the Eel Rivers, they would be doubly
paid. I therefore move to amend the amendment
by striking out the words " without regard to the
place of their residence."
Mr. ATCHISON. I do not exactly see the
force of that amendment, unless it is to deprive
that portion of the Eel River Miamis, west of the
State of Missouri, from having any portion of
this consideration; and if that be the case, it is
clearly wrong.
Mr. BADGER. It is all wrong.
Mr. ATCHISON. Perhaps it is. If that be
the effect of it, we shall have to make another ap-
propriation hereafter to satisfy that portion of the
Eel Rivers who, I am told, constitute the immense
number of six persons. [Laughter.]
The amendmentto the amendment was rejected.
The amendment was agreed to.
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, August 10, 1852.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a.m. Prayer
by the Rev. C. M. Butler.
" Th e Jou rnal of y esterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER. The business first in order
is a motion to recommit to the Committee on the
Judiciary, House bill No. 146, to regulate the fees
and costs to be allowed clerks, marshals, and at-
torneys of the circuit and district courts of the
United States, and for other purposes.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. AIKEN. Mr. Speaker, I ask the indul-
gence of the House to make a few remarks. In
the CongressionalGlobeof Saturday last a speech
has been published, said to have been delivered
by Mr. Durkee, a member from Wisconsin, upon
this floor. In that speech there are several im-
putations cast upon the city which I have the
honor to represent; and I stand here, sir, ready to
repel these outrageous and disgraceful insinua-
tions. Before 1 proceed to do so, I Think it well
for me to read the paragraph to which I allude, as
the House will then be put in possession of this
matter much better than I can explain it. In this
speech, which was notdelivered, but published by
the courtesy of the House, is the following lan-
guage:
"But, Mr. Chairman, the citizens of South Carolina have
not only spoken theoretically on this subject, but have given
in one case, as I arn mfoimed, a practical illustration of
thia sentiment. J was told a lew days since, by a highly
respectable gentleman who resided several yeais in that
State, that a negro in the city of Charleston a few years
ago was sentenced to be hung for stiiking his master. The
"nairator, m speaking of the piovocatnm, said :
" ' The master wasdiscovered by the piisonor trespassing
{ on the chastity of his wile. Under the excitement of the
' moment the slave struck his master, for which he was
4 sentenced to be hung ! On the day appointed for the cx-
' ecution, the sheriff ascended the scaffold with the prisoner,
' placed the rope about his neck, butlelt so much sympathy
<tor the slave that he could not perform the duties of hi&
1 office, and offered $1,000 to any person that would; but
' not one could be found. All were awaie of the cncum-
4 stances, and presumed thai a colored man had neivesto
e feel on such an occasion a  well as a white man. After a
i time, the rope was taken from his neck, and he was per-
' nutted to escape from the State.' "
I beg leave to state, Mr. Speaker, that I am a
native of the city of Charleston, and have lived there
all my life, and such a scene as this I pronounce ab-
solutely false. Such a thing never did occur. The
narrator of the story says it occurred in the city
of Charleston five or six years ago. This is not
the case; and I only hope the narrator of this story
is within the hearing of my voice. About twenty-
six years ago an occurrence took place in Charles-
ton of the following character: At that time Hon.
Joseph Johnson was the Intendarit of that city.
A number of fires had taken place, and several
negroes had been arrested supposed to have com-
mitted those offenses. Among the number was
one negro who was brought to trial. He was
legally tried by a court of magistrates and free-
holders. After a deliberate and full hearing, he
was found guilty of the crime of arson. He was
consequently sentenced by the court to be hung;
and, after the expiration of two weeks, I believe,
he was brought out to be executed. During his
term of imprisonment he became very much en-
feebled , being greatly alarmed and afraid of death.
He had been before a very feeble, and, perhaps,
consumptive negro. When he was brought for-
ward to the scaffold and placed thereon, a sympa-
thetic feeling ran through the whole crowd that
had assembled, which was natural upon such an
occasion. The sheriff, whose duty it was to ex-
ecute this negro, was a very feeble person him-
self. He at the moment hesitated, and the Hon.
Joseph Johnson, who was then the Intendant of
the city, as I before stated, immediately said to
the crowd present: " I hereby offer $100 reward
to -any one who will present himself for the execu-
tion of this negro." No one could be found, and
properly so, to volunteer for the execution of this
poor feeble creature. He was remanded to prison.
Application was made to the Governor to com-
mute his punishment, which he did, and the result
was the negro's transportation. These are facts
for which I pledge my honor. Sir, at this present
moment there is in the city of Washington a dis-
tinguished gentleman—my predecessor upon this
floor—who at that time was a member of the City
Council of Charleston, and one of a committee
who investigated this case. He can testify to
every syllable of what I have said as being per-
fectly true.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I will take this occasion to
say—and I am sorry the member from Wiscon-
sin [Mr. Durkee] is not in his seat—that whoever
related this story to that gentleman has told a de-
liberate falsehood; and that the man who would
sit upon this floor, as an American legislator, so
unmindful of the dignity of his position, is, I con-
ceive, as base a creature as the person who would
relate such a story as he has repeated.
The SPEAKER. The Chair calls the gentle-
man to order.
LIKENESS OF WASHINGTON.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. Speaker, I ask the
consentof the House that I may discharge a pleas-
ant duty devolved upon me by one of my constit-
uents, Mr. G. W. Childs, who has requested me
to present to the honorable House a beautifully
framed copy of a large engraved likeness of Wash-
ington.
The original, sir, was painted by Stuart, and
was so highly esteemed by the family of General
Washington that great exertions were made by-
some of its members to procure it from the artist;
but so satisfied was he that no effort could equal
that that he determined to retain for his own sat-
isfaction and for the future benefit of his family
what he considered the chef-d'ceuvre of his pencil.
After the death of Stuart, that beautiful portrait
became the property of a library institution in
Boston; and George W. Childs, a publisher in
Philadelphia, resolved to present copies of the por-
trait which, as a specimen of the art of engraving,
should be equal to the original as a sample of por-
trait painting: and Mr. Thomas B. Welsh, of
Philadelphia, one of the most skillful artists of the
times, accomplished the intentions of the publish-
er, and the picture which I have now the honor
of presenting, in the name of the publisher, is one
of the best copies of the engraving.
The picture, I hope, sir, will, under your direc-
tion, find a place in some conspicuous portion of
the Capitol, where it may be constantly seen and
admired by those who are capable of judging of
artistic excefience and yielding to patriotic emo-
tions. Amid the warmth of legislative contests it
may, it must be, good to look upward towards the
gentle features of our country's father, himself
one of the givers of the fundamental law of our
nation, upon which all other laws must rest, and
to which they must conform. And as a motive,
an inducement to contemplate the character and
follow the example of the great original, it might
be beneficial to place at every " coin and vantage"
of our legislative Hall these u counterfeit present-
ments" that serve "to bring remembrance upon
the eye," and to awaken our hearts to the instruc-
tion which a contemplation of such a portrait nat-
urally suggests.
FEES OF UNITED STATES MARSHALS, ETC.
The SPEAKER. The question pending is the
motion to recommit the fee bill to the Judiciary
Committee, and the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Meade] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. MEADE. Mr. Sneaker, there are several
provisions in this bill which have been the subject of
commentary, and which 1 wish to bring particu-
larly to the attention of the House. The bill was
attacked by the gentleman from Maryland [Mr.
Bowie] as being oppressive in its nature, and yet
the gentleman's particular complaint against it
was that it interfered with the present system of
charges, which it is the object of the bill to re-
form so as to reduce the expenditures of the judi-
ciary from its present enormous amount to some-
thing like a reasonable sum. The only charge
which was cited by the honorable gentleman from
Maryland, [Mr. Bowie,] was the fee of twenty
dollars, which is allowed to an attorney.
Mr. BOWIE. Will the honorable gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Meade] permit me to state
briefly my objection? I object to the bill, in the
first instance, because it contains very material
alterations of the criminal law of the country, and
then, in the second instance, because it is contrary
to the general tenor of legislation upon the sub-
ject in the different States.
Mr. MEADE. I intended to notice all the ob-
jections urged by my friend from Maryland, [Mr.
Bowie;] and if I can have the attention of this
House, I think I shall be able to convince it that
the bill before it at this time is one which will
be less onerous in its operations than the present
system. The gentleman complains that we have
made these changes without any memorials from
the people complaining of the present system.
There are very few people in the community upon
whom laws of this sort operate. Probably not
more than one twentieth part of the people of the
United States are ever engaged in courts of any
