1292
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 7,
to my friend from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,] with
regard- to the trouble he has in consequence of the
$385,000, that if that is left in the amendment of
the committee, the bill will pass any how.
Mv. BROOKE. I ask the yeas and nays on
rrfy. amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ATCHISpN. I desire a little information.
I wish to know from any gentleman who can in-
form, me, what was-the amount received by the
Government through this Collins line of steamers
during the last twelve months? I wish to know
what we are Siving, and what will be the effect of
this proposition. ,
Mr. HUNTER. The amount is much less
than is now paid; that is certain.
Mr. PRATT. The effect, as I understand it,
of the amendment of the Senator from Mississippi,
would be to decrease, instead of increase the
amount of compensation given to this line at pres-
ent.
Mr. BADGER. Certainly.
Mr. PRATT. They are unable to go on now.
.WhaUhey want is present aid; but the effect of
this amendment would be to decrease the amount
of that aid.
Mr. BORLAND. If the supposition of the
Senator from Maryland is correct, I must confess
that some of the arguments used by the advocates
of this appropriation are unintelligible to me. We
have been told, as an inducement to make this ap-
propriation, that this line would pay a revenue
into the Treasury of the United States, even at
the advance to $33,000 per trip; and now we.are
told that if we surrender to it the whole amount
derivable from postage, it will not equal by 33 j
per cent, the $19,000 we now give. One statement
or the other must be incorrect. It must either be
untrue that the postages will not pay into the
Treasury an amount equal to what, it is proposed
to,give them, or the compensation now moved will
not be a diminution of what they at present re-
ceive. One statement or the other must be erro-
neous; but which I am not prepared to say.
Mr. BAYARD. I understand the arguments
used in favor of this proposition, differently from
my friend from Arkansas. The proposition now
made will necessarily defeat the bill. The parties
have entered Into a contract with the Government,
in view of which they have already expended a
large sum of money, to carry the mails for a spe-
cific sum. The argument used in support of the
increased compensation has been, with some vari-
ations as used by different gentlemen, not that
the postages at present would be a sufficient com-
pensation for all expenses, but that ultimately, we
mnv suppose from present indications, they will be
sufficient. That is, when nil the arrangements
are complete, and the twentv-six trips shall be
made, as is contemplated, the Government will not
suffer any loss in paying the amount proposed as
a compensation for mail service. But I have heard
no Senator say that within the first year or the first
two years, the postages will be equivalent to what
it is now proposed to appropriate. The necessary
effect of the proposition is this: these parties made
a contract with the Government for the erection of
a line of steamers, in pursuance of a policy which
you chose to adopt some five years a£o, and have
already sunk, as privateindividuals, half a million
of dollars of their own capital; and now in the
Senate of the United States it is proposed, as if in
mockery to them, to give over to them the post-
ages, when your own returns show that they must
incur a further loss bv it, and you ask them to in- j
cur this ruinous loss for the next year. Is this a
proposition which is worthy of the American
Government; or is the amendment one which the
Senate should sanction ?
Mr: BERRIEN. Tn addition to the suggestion
of the Senator from Delaware, [Mr. Bayard,] I
think the statement of the Senator from New
Hampshire JMr. Hale]" is correct, that this
amendment is calculated to affect the power of the
Government in its control over the postal arrange-
ments—a power thev never should part with.
The Government has entered into a contract, to
continue in force for a term of ten years; and it is
believed by the advocates of this appropriation,
that the amount expended by the Government
will be returned in that space of time. In lieu of
following the terms of the contract, at a moment
of time when itsoperation has not been sufficiently
extensive to produce the beneficent results antici-
4 , we propose to reduce the amount of com-
pensation oy transferring to these parties the
postages which may be received. Now, I say that
this Government ought never to part with the con-
trol over the postal arrangements, at least so im-
portant a part of them as relates to ourpostal com-
munications with Europe. We may be inhibited,
in the event of this amendment being adopted,
from making any modification in the postal ar-
rangements. Desirous, as we may be, in the
course of time to reduce the rates of postage, if
this amendment prevails we shall have divested
ourselves of all power to make any change.
It is suggested that this power may be exercised
without injury to these parties, because the reduc-
tion of postage increases the amount of the receipts.
That is the case; but the instant effect is not that
ascribed to it. Some time must be allowed to in-
tervene between the reduction of the postage and
the period when the effects of the operation of that
reduction will lead to an increase in the amount
of receipts. In the meantime, these parties have
a contract with us, under which they are trans-
porting our communications across the Atlantic.
If they suffer a reduction of their receipts in con-
sequence of a reduction in the rates of postage, we
shall have failed in carrying out in good faith the
terms of our contract with them, or we must sur-
render our control over the postal arrangements,
which I conceive to be a most important depart-
ment of the Administration. I hope the amend-
ment will not prevail.
Mr. BROOKE. I accepted the modification
proposed by the Senator from Tennessee, [Mr.
Jones,] without much reflection; and I am now
inclined to believe that my original proposition
was the correct one; for by the contract, this com-
pany is entitled to compensation by law, and we
cannot take it from them by this bill, or any
amendment thereto. I propose, therefore, to re-
store my amendment to its original form; and in
answer to the suggestions of the Senators from
New Hampshire [Mr. Halt:] and Georgia, [Mr.
Beuiucn,] I will state that my amendment may
be further modified, by retaining, or reserving, the
power to the Post Office Department, or to Con-
gress, to reduce the postage whenever they may
think proper. I am willing to receive a modifica-
tion to that effect, and will propose it myself, if no
other Senator does so.
The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator from
Mississippi propose to modify his amendment?
Mr. BROOKE. Yes, sir; to restate it to its
original form.
The PRESIDENT. If the Senator wishes
to modify his amendment, the yens and nays
having been ordered, it can only be done by the
unanimous consent of the Senate. If there is no
objection on the part of the Senate, the Senator can
modify his amendment.
No objection being offered, the amendment was
modified, so as to restore it to its original form.
Mr. RUSK. If I understand the amendment,
it proposes to give the whole of the postages, in
addition to the amount now paid, as a compensa-
tion for the extra trips.
The PRESIDENT. That is the way the Chair
understands it.
Mr. BADGER. No, no. It is to constitute
the com^ens i.ion for all the trips.
Mr. RUSK. I shall vote against it upon two
or three grounds. In the first place, if it should
run for the balance of the contract—of which there
is a period of eight years unexpired—it will take an
immense amount, over and above what we pro-
pose to give them by this amendment. My own
opinion is, that, before the expiration of that time,
that amendment will so operate as to give the pro-
prietors of this line more than double what we
propose to give them by the amendment of the
committee.
Then, sir, the reasons assigned by the Senator
from Georgia [Mr. Berrien] are very potent, and
weigh a good deal with me, namely, that, by the
amendment proposed by the Senator from Missis-
sippi, we will surrender all control over postal
matter.
Again, sir, there is another principle which I do
not like to incorporate with the post office law. I
think the Senator from Mississippi had better look
to the receipts of the Post Office Department be-
fore he proposes such a proposition for our adop-
tion—a proposition to farm out the postages for th ei r
proceeds. It might bfe done in other quarters as
well as in this; and then weshould find that Texas
and Mississippi do not pay into the Treasury so
much as they receive to aid in the transportation
of the mails; while some of the larger States,
which pay more in the shape of postages than
they receive for the transportation of the mails,
might fairly ask for the adoption of the same
principle with regard to the transportation of the
inland mails.
Mr. DAWSON. Will the chairman of the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads an-
swer me a single question ?
Mr. RUSK. Certainly I will, if I can.
Mr. DAWSON. I desire to know whether,
from his knowledge of the amount of postages re-
ceived on letters brought by this line, he does not
anticipate that, in a few years, the amount re-
ceived into the Treasury from postages by this
line, will be equivalent, or more than equivalent,
to the extra amount which it is now proposed to
pay?
Mr. RUSK. I do anticipate it; and I antici-
pate it from this fact: that the Postmaster Gen-
eral, in his report, states that the postages by this
line, in 1851, exceeded the amount received for
postages in the year 1850, by the sum of $183,000.
Mr. BROOKE. 1 will modify my amendment,
so as to add to it this proviso:
Provided, That power is hereby reserved to Congress to
reduce the i.ites of postage between the b«.ud porta.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I do not think it would
be right to attempt to interfere with the contract
as it now exists; and it appears to me that this
amendment, does interfere with-it, and proposes to
take from the proprietors of this line the amount
of $385,000 which they now receive, and compel
them to receive in lieu of that sum, such amount
as may accrue from the postages of letters and
other mail matter which they may carry between
New York and Liverpool.
Mr. PRATT. Oh, no; the amendment pro-
poses to give them the amount resulting from the
postages, in addition to the sum they now receive
under the contract.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Well, then, I am afraid
that it would operate as the Senator from Texas
has alleged. If the amounts likely to be received
from postages in a few years are suoh as have been
estimated, I cannot agree to give them all the post-
ages, and this $385,000 into the bargain. I can-
not vote for the amendment, under that view,
neither could I vote for it under the other, because
1 hold that we have no right to interfere with the
contract. It seems to me that the only way m
which my fiiend from Mississippi can attain his
object, or can put his amendment in such a shape
as to secure my vote, would be to give these con-
tractors the option of receiving these postages irf
lieu of their present compensation, because we
cannot break a contract without a breach of g-ood
faith.
And then, sir, the objection would still remain,
which has been started in relation to the power
of the Government to reduce the rates of postages
under such a state of things. This objection
could, however, be removed by reserving to
Congress the right of reducing the rates of post-
age on condition of reinstating the parties in the
position they occupied under the contract; so
that in that way there would be no obstacle—
none whatever; no difficulty in getting round that
objection. But the difficulty with me is to get
round the contract, v/hen it is acknowledged on all
hands that this allowance of the postages, accord-
ing to their present amount, would be vastly less
than the^ now receive; while, on the other hand,
if you give them the postages in addition to the
compensation they now get, you will, in the
course of a short time, make a much greater amount
than the amendment of the committee proposes to
give them.
Mr. BA DGER. It would be a bad bargain.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. It would be a very bad
bargain in that point of view; and I therefore
think, that unless my friend from Mississippi can
modify his amendment in some other way,"he had
better withdraw it.
Mr. BROOKE. If it should appear at any
time that these -gentlemen are receiving too much
for the service they render, more than is proposed
by the amendment of the committee, the power
that is reserved by Congress to reduce the rates of
postage can always correct the evil. As soon r s
these parties are in the receipt of more than the
