1294
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 7,
Mr. DAW-SON. Then I was mistaken. I was
told they were not to build the fifth.
Mr. "RUSK. This does not abrogate the ori-
ginal contract at all, it only gives an additional
allowance.
Mr. DAWSON. And requires them to build
five "steamers?
Mr. RUSK. Yes, sir.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I am a little startled by
the fact just announced by the Senator from Texas.
I have, been informed heretofore that these ships
made their trips in about twenty-two days, inclu-
ding the passages in both directions.
Mr. RUSK. Suppose they break a shaft, or
something of that kind?
Mr. UNDERWOOD. My calculation is, that
in twenty-two days of sailing1 time, these trips are
performed. Unless we have achieved that, we
nave nothing to boast of, and all the speeches
about our triumphs must go for nothing. If we
have triumphed in the way which it is said we
have, then twenty-two, orat most twenty-four days
are quite sufficient to make the round trip. We
have four ships already, and all the arguments
which have been addressed to us, were based upon
the idea that we were not to employ more than
four. Now, the Senator from Texas announces
that it is necessary to build a fifth, in order to
comply with the contract.
Mrl RUSK. Certainly, to comply with the
contract, it is necessary to have another ship built.
Mr.'UNDERWOOD. To perform the service,
I mean. I understood my friend to say, that it
was necessary to have another to perform the
service.
Mr. RUSK. I say that the building of another
"will be necessary, for they may break a shaft or
meet with some other accident, which will make
it necessary to ha\e another boat in readiness to
supply the place.
Mr.UNDERWOOD. Nowupon that point 
Mr. RUSK. Will the Senator from Kentucky
allow me to put him right?
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Oh, certainly. I want
all the information I can get.
Mr. RUSK. 1 said that, under the contract,
they were compelled to build five ships. This
amendment does not relieve them from that obli-
gation.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. That is no newinform-
ation.
Mr. RUSK. The other was information with-
out any investigation at all.
l^Ir. UNDERWOOD. I now understand it.
I knew that according to contract they were com-
pelled to build five ships; hut I understood my
friend to say that five ships were necessary to per-
form the service.
Mr. RUSK. I meant that it would be, if they
should break a shaft, or meet with any serious ac-
cident to any one of the present number.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I understand they make
the round trip in from twenty-two to twenty-three
days. I should think that to allow a month for
each round trip would be quite sufficient.
Mr. MILLER. Will the Senator allow me to
interrupt him?
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Certainly.
Mr. MILLER. The gentleman forgets that
these ships are under the necessity of remaining
in the harbor a week or ten days.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. It is one of my great
misfortunes to forget everything, [laughter,] be-
cause I have not time allowed me to get it out. I
will get it all out if they will allow me time. I am
afraid, as has been suggested, that 1 am striking !
a tender point. I say, from all the information I i
have and all that is based on the speeches I have j
listened to, that one vessel can make one round j
trip per month; our exultations and boastings (
have been made upon doing it in twenty days' |
running time. At the rate of each vessel making i
a trip per month, two vessels being kept constantly J
employed for twelve months would give us twenty- j
four trips per annum; which is within two trips j
of the number we are about to contract for, and j
to perform these twenty-six trips the whole num- ;
ber of five ships are necessary, according to the [
startling announcement of my friend. If a ship 1
can make a trip in the month, the five ships ought i
to make sixty trips a year—-just three times as !
many trips as we now get, and more than double !
we, propose to contract for. Why so many ships j
to perform only twenty-six trips ? \
The gentleman answers, that there is danger of
breaking shafts, or destroying wheels, or losing
rigging, or getting a plank or a screw loose; and
then it requires much time to make repairs, and
therefore we must have two or three extra ships, like
extra stages,,always ready to take the places of
those disabled, for the purpose of performing these
twenty-six trips. Sir, there never was a greater
humbug- propogated by persons who are capable
of looking into business transactions.
What are these three additional ships to do,
when two ships, according to my showing, can
perform the service required, unless accident pre-
vents ? It seems to me that one extra ship would
be quite sufficient for every emergency.
But allow two ships to perform twenty-four
trips in the course of a year, would it not be better
in case of any accident happening, to permit a
little delay of the mails ? I think the lovers alluded
to by the Senator from New Hampshire should
consent to some little interruption in the regular
receipt of their billet doux, when so much public
economy is at stake. 1 think, that in the event
of a little disorder in the ships, when a little repair
is wanting, that we might afford to delay a little
while, especially if we employed three ships,
and they aid not punctually perform the service.
I am willing to go for three ships, and I made my
estimate the other day upon that basis. If you
employ three ships, and give them each $200,000—
a sum exceeding the entire cost of keeping one of
our national steamers in commission a whole year—
you will then have an expense of only $000,000
m all. That would be a saving of $258,000 out of
the sum which you are now about to allow. Sir,
the facts have never been given to us; you have
never had, to this day, the data for a business cal-
culation with regard to the management of these
ships. What we are to do with five, how they
are to be employed, whether to be serving their
owners or lie in port, and do nothing after we have
paid for them, I know not. The amendment sug-
gested to limit the operation of this appropriation
and the new contract under it to one year, would
remove some of the objections which I have had
from the beginning to the end of this discussion.
Such an amendment would allow us time before
another appropriation to get the facts which have
never been laid in a proper manner before the Sen-
ate. We could probably find out before the year ex-
pired, whether there was that skill, diligence, and
economy in management which is required. At
all events, some amendment should prbvide that
these vessels should not be kept in our employment
at an expense of §858,000 per annum, until the
expiration of the contract, without reserving the
privilege to terminate the new contract at the plea-
sure of the Government. The contract was made
in 1847. It was to run ten years from the time
it went into operation; but when the ten years
commenced, I do not know.
Mr. SEWARD. There are eight years to run
yet.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Very well; eight times
eight are sixty-foifr. There will then be paid up-
wards of $8,000,000 out of the public Treasury,
when you make the new contract, and extend the
time through the eight years which the contract
has yet to run. And then, according to the sugges-
tion of the Senator from North "Carolina, [Mr.
Badger,] at the end of that time, we are to " shell
out" $3,000,000 more, and take the vessels off their
hands.
Mr. BADGER. I hope my friend from Ken-
tucky will allow me to interrupt him before he
makes a statement of that kind. I propose no
such thing. I have not proposed anything like it.
The gentleman says that I propose at the end of
eight years to take these ships at their original
cost. I said nothing of the kind; but that they
were to be taken at any time by the Government,
at their appraised value, after the Government no
longer thought it politic to conform to the contract.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I stand corrccted.
Mr. BADGER. 1 said that if Congress thought
proper to put an end to the contract, they ought
to take the ships at their appraised value.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Will the Chair please
to send me the amendment offered by the Senator
from North Carolina?
The PRESIDENT. The amendment of the :
Senator from North Carolinais withdrawn. The ;
question is on the amendment of the Senator from
Texas.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I stand corrected in re-
gard to time. It occurred to me that the gentle-
man stated 1854.
The PRESIDENT. That is not the amend-
ment pending.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. It is not the pending
amendment I was alluding to. It was the amend-
ment of the Senator from North Carolina.
The PRESIDENT. But that amendment was
withdrawn.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I am corrected, then,
in point of time; but I understood that, at the end
of the time specified, the Government was to take
the ships at the price which it cost to build them;
and, according to a statement which was made
here the other day, the amount was within a frac-
tion of $3,000,000.
Mr. BADGER. It is not to take the ships at
any time at the original cost, but at the appraised
value, whatever that may be, at the time they are
Mr'. SEWARD. If we take them at all. We
are not obliged to take them.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Then I am mistaken in
the Government having to pay the amount of the
cost of these vessels originally. At the end of that
time, instead of paying three millions, the Gov-
ernment will pay two millions, or one million, or
ten thousand, or a thousand dollars, just accord-
ing to the appraisement.
Mr. RUSK. The Senator from Kentucky is
confused. If he will allow me, I will set him right.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Oh, yes, I want light; I
want to get at the facts.
Mr. RUSK. If the Senator will turn to Senate
document No. 50, page 71, he will find a copy of
this contract. It provides, among other things,
that, for the purpose of carrying the mail between
New York and Liverpool twice each month during
eight months in the year, and once a month during
four months in the year, for the sum of $385,000,
these parties were to build five steam-ships, of not
less than two thousand tons measurement, and one
thousand horse-power each, to be built with the
view to great speed, and also for war purposes;
and that when these vessels are not employed in
the mail service, they shall be subject to the orders
of the Government for carrying dispatches. The
United States, moreover, are to have the privilege
of purchasing said steam-ships, whenever they
may be required for public purposes, at a fair val-
uation. Thus the Government can take them
under the contract, by paying whatever a duly-
appointed board shall determine them to be worth.
Mr. UNDERWOOD- That is what I under-
stood from the Senator from North Carolina, [Mr.
Badger,] and what I have already acknowledged.
I did labor under a misapprehension, arising out
of a momentary supposition that these vessels
were to be paid for at the building cost. Now, I
find that if purchased, it will be at an appraised
value. But that does not prevent the expenditure
of $8,000,000 in the mean time—$.858,000 multi-
plied by the eight years they have yet to run. It
does not prevent the payment of nearly §200,000
to each of the five snips—almost $1,000,000 for
the whole. My word for it, the people of this
country away from the sea-board will look into
the conduct of this Government, paying extrav-
agant sums of money for purposes of this sort,
supported by such speeches as that of the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Seward,] who makes
a patriotic and touching appeal to the pride of
every American citizen, and causes our bosoms to
swell with feelings of exultation at our triumph;
or, like those of my friend, the Senator from Mich-
igan, [Mr. Cass,] descriptive of the race for su-
periority between this country and Great Britain,
and the probable defeat of our ancient rival; our
snatching the trident of Neptune from her grasp,
and gloriously conquering in all battles both by
land and sea; as if all these things depended on
the success of the Collins line of steamships! We
do not gain battles from considerations of that
sort. We are the most military people on the face
of the earth, I believe, and will continue to be so,
while our institutions continue what they are, and
while we continue as free as we are now. Our
success in war proceeds from the freedom of our
people, and the identification of the soldier and
sailor with the citizen; from the knowledge of the
fact, that every hero secures promotion to civil
offices in the Executive Departments, or in the
legislative assemblies of the Suites, or Halls of
