1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
gentleman says they are not the same, but very
different things; but yet there is no outcry of in-
dignation against Missouri, or against Wisconsin
for these enormities, but much applause, because
a coalition has given to Whigs a share in the dis-
tribution of office and power. There is little to be
urged against Ohio, or New York, or Georgia, but
a great deal against Massachusetts. And why? I
do not know, unless it is because her own sons
contribute to heap imputations of dishonor on
Massachusetts, on this floor, because the stab
from the pancidal hand rankles most sorely, and
stimulates the malignancy of strangers to follow
up the blow and add fresh venom to the wound.
I do not know why else she is made to bear the
sins of all the other States—why else she is to he
the " scape-goat" for all the other coalitions in
the United States. Are uot we in Massachusetts
at liberty to judge of our own political position,
and political course, as well as gentlemen in Mis-
souri, or Wisconsin, or Ohio, or in New York, or
anywhere else in the United States—in Missis-
sippi, or Georgia, or any other State? Is it so
clear that in any section of the country—East,
"W est, North, South, or central—is it, I say, so
clear that gentlemen, who call themselves by the
same party name, agree upon these very questions5
Is it so clear that, in South Carolina, or Alabama,
or Mississippi, the Democrats all agree about this
fugitive slave bill ? Do notsome of them saythat
it is constitutional, and others that it is unconsti-
tutional ? Do not some propose one course of
action, and others precisely the opposite course of
action with regard to it? Yet, day after day, with
an insolence countenanced by hc-v own sons, Mas-
sachusetts is denounced upon this floor, and no
other State but Massachusetts—a State having a
right equal to that of any other sovereign State in
this Confederacy, to determine what she considers
right and proper, and what course she deems best
to pursue in her own domestic aflairs, and for her
own good government. Why, the gentleman from
North Carolina [Mr. Stanly] thinks he would
not go to heaven with Democrats like those of
Massachusetts—he could not bear to tread the
same path. Sir, he has not trod our path hereto-
fore, and we therefore had no reason to expect his
company in the straight and thorny way at this
time; but because he refuses to join us, we shall
not the less firmly press on, and not the less safely
arrive at our journey's end.
Massachusetts, I say, has the same right to
manage her own political ail'airs, in her own way,
with that of any other State in this Union. And
she has not only the same right, but she has the
same ability, energy, and determination, to main-
tain that right with any other State, and she will
maintain it, at home and abroad.
But X am not going to take my stand behind the
dignity of the State of Massachusetts, and say
that she does what she pleases, and she will not
give an account of what she does. I stand ready
heie to-day—what 1 have never done before in
public, and what I would not do now, if 1 did not
feel particularly clear and particularly free from
doubt thai I am doing right m what I am doing—
to indorse the coalition in Massachusetts. I be-
lieve I understand what it was, and what it did,
though 1 was not presentat the time it was entered
into. I was in the State of Illinois. Hut after my
return I heard what had been done, and I am now
in the condition of ail impartial looker-on; and being
thus free to take my own course, I can say, and do
say, that I think it was eminently wise and pa-
triotic in the majority of the people of that State
to take the government of tiie State out of the
hands of the minoiity, however unpleasant to the
mmouty that proceeding might be.
Before proceeding to discuss the propriety of that
movement, and of the masterly combination by
which it was made, let me, however, inquire, for
a moment, who it is that makes the charge of cor-
ruption against the coalition m Massachusetts'
My colleague from the sixth district [Mr. Davis]
undertakes to read lectures to the Democracy and
Free-Soil pan v because they act together in Mas-
sachusetts. That is all. He has not impeached
them for tkeir arts, but only for their concun-eiut m
those acts. He has not singled out any one act of
thosepoities, except that of acting together. That
he considers a violation of political principles. I have
a right to presume that all oui great measures were
right, only that it was wrong for us first to agree
to do right, and then to do it. He has not accused
383
us of voting for any law or any resolution, but he
has accused us of appointing men to office. He
has not accused us of appointing bad men. He
has not said that the offices are not better filled
now than they were when the Whigs were m
power. lfhehad,I should take issue with him
uponthat proposition. He has not designated
one single act of these parties, but he has desig-
nated this coalition itself and per se as offensive to
his political sensibilities.
And now, what does my friend from the sixth
district mean by charging upon the Democrats u
breach of political honesty in acting with those
who agree with them upon certain particular points
of action—111 electing the Governor, Lieutenant
Governor, and other officers of State administra-
tion, and m passing certain measures of reform,
in which the Democratic party has been engaged
for fifteen or twenty years past in Massachusetts,
but which they had not accomplished, and could
not have accomplished without the aid which he
thinks they ought not to have received, when it
was tendeied ? Does the gentleman from the sixth
district believe that it is wrong for a Free-Soilei to
act with a Whig, or a Whit; with a Frcc-Soiler?
To make my question more definite and more per-
tinent to his own position, does he believe it wrong
for an AnoLiTio.visT and a Whig to act together?
He must have undergone a transformation of heart
and character as sudden, as entire, and as far be-
yond the reach of natural causes as that of Saul of
Tarsus, and that, too, quite recently, if he does
not believe such common action to be honorable
and justifiable. Then why does he attack this
coalition so furiously ? This is a new thmg coin-
pared with the old, standing coalition of the State
of Massachusetts, 111 virtue of which the Whig
party has retained its power for the last twenty or
thirty yeais, by carrying: with it the votes of those
whose feelings towards the institution of slavery
were not of a very favorable kind. They are the
gentlemen, those influenced by their chshke of
slavery were the gentlemen who kept the Whig
patty m power in Massachusetts, from the time
when it came in by the amalgamation or coalition
of 182a, till the time when it went out by the coali-
tion of November, 1850, continued in January,
1851. If, then, it be wrong for a party opposed
to the compromise to coalesce with a party in favor
of the compromise, I tell this committee that such
a coalition—such in principle, for this coalition m
Massachusetts does not date only from the pas-
sage of that law—i say such a coalition has kept
the Win}; party in the State of Massachusetts m
power down to the time when they went out of
power. And a pretty prominent actor in that
coalition was the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Dams,] who charges the damning sin of
coalition upon the Democrats of Massachusetts.
Now, I am not m the habit of speeking m relation
to matters of this kind without the evidence be-
fore me. Therefore, in order to substantiate my j;
charge of this coalition between the Whigs and n
Abolitionists of Massachusetts, I shall single out !j
the history of the gentleman from the sixth district j;
in connection with this matter. i|
In 1835, my colleague [Mr. Davis] was a mem- \\
ber of an anti-slavery convention of the county of j'
Franklin, [laughter,] Massachusetts. Gentlenvn !l
wili see that 1 have begun far enough back, so that i',
my colleague cannot complain that 1 have not ii
treated him fairly by not exhibiting lus whole
course on this subject in its just connection. I !'
will remark that this was not a Free-Soil conven- i:
lion, but an Abolition convention. Some gentle- I,
men may think the distinction rather a nice one:
man, but young m'en are always ambitious and
sanguine. But it seems in 1835, my colleague
undertook the entire abolition of slavery in the
United States of America. [Renewed laughter.]
1 confess that it is somewhat more than I should
have felt myself called upon to perform in the
county of Franklin, m the year 1835. If I had
felt a tendency that way, an inward call to that
mission, I should have placed the bounds of my
ambition within decidedly narrower limits.
The third article of that constitution pledges the
members to "labor for the abolition of slavery in
1 u Columbia, and in the Territories of
the Union by all constitutional means." A reso-
lution adopted at that meeting declares that " slave-
holding, as it exists in the United States, is SIN,
; and ought at all times to be regarded and treated
as such." And another resolution delnres what
|j my Southern friends will be glad to know upon
j this high authority, that "immediate emancipa-
j! tion would be without danger to the white popu-
ij lation." [Great laughter.] Of the society thus
Ji forced, George T. Davis was elected trensuier.
:! These were the sentiments of my colleague in
j; 1835. In 1838, on Tuesday, October 2d, "a con-
11 vention of the young men of Massachusetts, who
ji are the friends of immediate and universal eman-
ij cipation," met at Brinley Hall, Worcester. Per-
; haps my friend from that district [Mr. Allen]
j imbibed his principles there, and on that occa-
' sion.
! Mr. ALLEN. I beg to say, that that meeting
goes much further than I ever went or am prepared
to go. [Laughter.]
Air. UANTOUL. Then the gentleman from
Worcester, it seems, did not learn his whole les-
son, ns the teacher [Mr. Davis] was then and
there prepared lo impart it. The proceedings of
that meeting, published officially m the Boston Lib-
erator, edited by Mr. Garrison, state that Mr.
George T. Davis, of Greenfield, was elected Pres-
ident, pro tempore.
Then the committee to nominates officers re-
ported 
[Cries of " Read !" (c Head I"1']
Mr. R., (continuing.) " The committee to nom-
inate officers reported, and the following gentle-
men were elected: President, George T. Davis, of
Greenfield;" and then follow the names of ten Vice
Presidents, and three Secretaries. Amongthe res-
olutions adopted at the meeting which elected Mr.
George T. Davis President of this Abolition Con-
vention, were the following:
11 Resolved, Tliat the man who sits still in Congress and
poiiruN our naliN to be ti.miplcd upon and our lives to be
thi< at *n<Ml by Southern slave dinm, in silence, does not
iaithUilly lepie&ont the iicemen ot' fiee Massachusetts."
[Laughter.]
1 rejoice to know this from authority which can-
not mislead me, because I am in daily expectation
of that burst of eloquence which is to carry out
this principle, from the gentleman from the sixth
district. The freemen of free Massachusetts have
at last a representative now who will not represent
them in silence. [Laughter.] The next resolu-
tion is in these woids:
u Resolved, Tli.it the Senators of tins Commonwealth,
Daniel VWlMrr and John Daw*, did s-o conduct, when
that infamous threat ot de.uh to any Abolitions who>houM
set foot in South Carolina, uas utteicd on the floor of the
United {States Senate \ timt we le^aul their silence, on that
oi-ea-ion, with tin1 decpc-t indignation; and that we wit-h
we could -?ay or hotl', as we can of one,' distinguished, but
not born m Massachusetts.1
[Laughter.]
My colleague from thesixtlidistrict, in the over-
flowing of his heart, thanked (Jod that he was not
obliged to confess that Daniel Webster was a na-
to those concerned it seems vastly important. This i. tive of his State. That is the meaning of this
was a meeting of Abolitionists, for the purpose of
organizing one of those anti-slavery soeieties,
commonly called Abolition societies. The pub-
lished account states that Mr. George T. Davis
read the call for the convention, and was elected
one of its secretaries. The organization of the
society was proceeded with. A constitution was
adopted, the second article of which defined the
objects of the society, which was declared to be
"'lhe entire hemoyvl of slavery from tiie
United States.[Gieat laughter.]
[Cries of " Read it!'" " Read it'"]
Mr. R. I ennnot undertake to read all to which
I refer, but the committee will be satisfied with
extracts, for there will be a large number which I
shall read.
It was a pretty large undertaking for a young
resolution. He wished he could say of John Da-
: vis, as he had of "Webster, " distingviahed, but
i NOT BORN m Massachusetts." Here is one
, count in the bill of indictment against a learned
1 gentleman who occupies a sent in the other Hall
of this Capitol—that ho stated that Millard Fill-
more " had better never have been born than to
have sigmd thefugitive slave biil." Why should
the member from the sixth district complain of
that expression on the part of the gentleman alluded
to, when he thinks it a matter of rejoicing that
Daniel Webster was not born in Massachusetts?
Why, if 1 wished a man had never been born jii
Massachusetts, or if I exulted that a man had not
been born in Massachusetts, I would go a little
further, 1 think, and wish that he had never been
! born at all. [Laughter.]
