1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
own courts. Their certificates in regard to things
that have occurred in their own courts are to be
discredited by those in the Comptroller's office,
who cannot possibly have a knowledge of the
facts, who have no information of the correctness
of any one of the items of costs, except as that
knowledge and information is derived from the
accounts filed and verified by the certificates of the
judges.
Now, sir, is it not a most extraordinary fact,
worthy the serious consideration of this House,
that these gentlemen who are for reforming the
judiciary system 'are disposed to strike out all the
checks which at present exist, and which have
been devised by those who have preceded us as
the best and only means of preventing abuses ? If :
a judge of a United States court is not familiar!
with the facts which transpire in his own court, |
and under his immediate personal observation, '
•who, in the name of God, is familiar with them ? |
How can Comptroller Whittlesey, or his clerks,
know anything about these facts? It is utterly
impossible that they should know them; and yet,
sir, these gentlemen gravely propose to remove all
the checks now provided, and refer these matters
to the Comptroller and his clerks, who can have
no sort of knowledge in regard to the justice of
the various items which are embraced in the ac-
counts certified by the judge to him for considera-
tion and allowance. This alone is in itself a very
important and serious, not to say insuperable ob-
jection to the passage of this bill. You not only
libel the Federal judges in the United States, but
you actually deny to them a knowledge of what
occurs in their own courts. You refuse to give
credence and respect to their certificates, although
they are the only officers of the law, who are cog-
nizant of the facts, and who can furnish certificates
that can be relied on to establish the justice of the
account.
Mr. MEADE. Do I understand my colleague
as justifying1 these fee bills?
Mr. LETCHER. Let me inform my colleague
that I am not young enough to be caught in that
way. I have seen some little service, although not
perhaps so much as my colleague; but still I am
not soft enough to be entrapped by questions of
that sort. [Laughter.]
Mr. MEADE. Well, answer my question—
yes or no.
Mr. LETCHER.. My colleague, throughout
this debate, has adopted a regular lawyer-like
mode of argument, and his question is not incon-
sistent with that mode of argument. He has found
that the only ground on which he can rely with
a hope of success to carry this bill through the
House is, to present and keep before the members
these two or three cases of abuse, which are stren-
uously insisted upon in the report of the commit-
tee, and which form the staple of all the speeches
in favor of this monstrous bill.
But, sir, look at some of its provisions. My
colleague undertook to justify all the provisions of
the bill, and insists that it is the only remedy for
the evils complaimed of, if I correctly understand
his positions. Well, sir, what is one of the first
of those provisions ?
Mr. MEADE. I voted against some of them
in the committee, I will inform my colleague.
Mr. LETCHER. I am glad to hear it, and I
hope my colleague will vote against the whole bill
here.
Mr. MEADE. Not at all. I shall vote for the
whole of it.
Mr. LETCHER. Now, here is one of the pro-
visions of this bill. I ask the House to examine
it carefully and considerately, and see whether
there is any propriety or necessity for adopting
such a provision—a provision likely to work the
most mischievous results when reduced to prac-
tice. It is as follows:
" Whenever there are or shall be several charges against
any person or persons for the same act or transaction, orfor
two or more acts or transactions connected together, orfor
two or more acts or transactions Of the same class
of crimes or offenses which may be properly joined,
instead of having several indictments, the whole may he
joined in one indictment in separate counts; and if two or
more indictments shall he found in such cases, the court
may order them consolidated.
[Here a message m writing from the President
of the United States, was received by the hands of
Milliard P. Fillmore, Esq., his Private Sec-
retary.]
Mr. LETCHER, (resuming.) I had supposed,
sir, that the district attorney was selected for the
express purpose of attending to all prosecutions
and questions which might arise before the court
in which the interests of the United States might
be involved; and that he was to judge of the of-
fenses, and the best mode of prosecuting the of-
fender; but in this view it seems I have been la-
boring under a mistake. This bill not only under-
takes to regulate the fees which shall be paid to
district attorneys, marshals, and clerks, but it
undertakes also to prescribe the mode in which a
district attorney shall prepare his indictments in
regard to offenses which mayrbe brought before
the court for consideration. Why, sir, who is so
well qualified to judge in regard to matters of this
sort? Who is so well qualified to determine whether
there shall be several indictments or whether there
shall be but one indictment embracing different
counts, as the district attorney himself? All the
facts and circumstances attending the case are
known to him,and he must decide what course is
best to be pursued. He knows whether the charges
ought or ought not to be separate arid distinct. I
imagine, sir, that this section is something new
arid unheard-of in the history of legal practice.
There is no parallel for it, so far as I know. The
principle is now declared for the first time, that a
man may be arrested for two crimes, and that then
those two crimes may be joined in the same in-
dictment, and he required to answer both on one
trial. Would it not lead to inextricable confusion?
For example: A man is arrested, charged with
two or three different crimes, and indicted accord-
ing to the terms of this section. You undertake
then to introduce testimony in regard to each of
those crimes. Different witnesses are relied upon
to prove the several charges against him, and as
many witnesses relied upon by the prisoner in his
defense. What will be the result? The result
inevitably is such confusion as is likely to mislead
the jury, and prevent them from arriving at that
conclusion winch will do justice between the
United States and the party who may be accused.
Under the old practice justice has been secured.
Why, then, should we abandon the old and safe
rule, to adopt an experiment that promises nothing
but mischief?
But this is not the most extraordinary clause in
this remarkable bill. There is another, which my
colleague fully indorses, which is more objection-
able even than the one upon which I have been
commenting,bad as that is. Here it is, and I beg
gentlemen who maybe favorably inclined towards
this bill to examine it with care. It deserves such
an examination:
"When two or more charges are, or shall be made, or
two or more indictments shall be found ai;ain}>t a person,
only oxu writ on warrant s>hall he nectary to arrest
and commit him for trial; and it shall be sufficient to state
in the writ the name or general character of' the offenses,
1 or to refer to them only in very general terms.' Only
one writ or warrant -,hall be necessary to lemove a prisoner
from one district to another, a copy of which may be de-
livered to the sheriff or jailor fioni whose custody the pris-
oner mav be taken, and another copy thereof to the sheriff
or jailor to who^e custody he may he committed ; and the
original writ, with the mar-hal's return thereon, shall be
returned to ihe clerk of the district to which he m.iy be le-
niovod. Whenever a prisoner is committed to a &henfT or
jailor by virtue of a writ, warrant, or mittimus, a copy
thereof shall be delivered to the sheriff or jailor as hi^ au-
thority to hold the prisoner, and the original writ, warrant,
or mittimus ^hall be returned to the proper court or officer,
with the officer's return thereon."
I had supposed, sir, that under the Constitution
of the United States, whenever a man was ar-
rested and deprived of his liberty, he had a right
to demand that the charges on which he was ar-
rested should be made with that clearness that
would enable him to make his defense. But my
colleague, it seems, takes altogether a different
view of this matter. He presumes that the man
arrested is guilty—that he is therefore perfectly
aware of the precise nature of the charges upon
which he is arrested, and should be prepared to
make his defense. My colleaguetold us also that
no man had ever been arrested, who did not learn
the cause of arrest without looking to the warrant
to ascertain it. Such doctrine reverses the well-
established rule that has ever been recognized in
criminal proceedings. The doctrine, as I have
always understood, is, that every man is presumed
to be innocent until the contrary is made to ap-
pear. But this section of the bill, and the ex-
planation of it given by my colleague, establishes
another rule, viz: that every man is presumed to
be guilty until he establishes his innocence. Sir,
a principle so monstrous ought not to be avowed
in this enlightened age.
But, again, suppose a man is arrested upon a
general warrant, such as is described in this sec-
tion, charging him with larceny, perjury, and
various other crimes of a high character, (the
number here is unlimited,) and the prisoner ap-
plies for, and succeeds in procuring, a writ of
habeas corpus. Well, sir, suppose further, that the
judge in hearing the cause ascertains that the party
is not guilty, and has not been properly arrested
upon four or five charges out of six the warrant
mentions in general terms, and makes that return
to the officer having him in custody. What then
is to be done? Is there to be a discharge of the
party as to these four or five charges?
Sir, this section, if adopted, will produce con-
fusion, and will lead to inextricable difficulty, and
this is one that will spring from it. If warrants
are to embrace a half dozen crimes, and those
charged " in very general terms," it will be utterly
impossible to secure justice—the great end and
aim of judicial proceedings. Such a provision
ought to be universally scouted. It does seem to
me that if there can be a violation of the Consti-
tution of the countiy or a violation of the rights
and liberties of the citizen, it is to be found in this
provision which is sought to be inserted in this
bill.
There are other provisions in the bill to which
I object; but if we can refer it to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, we can
then have the opportunity of having it read sec-
tion by section, and of offering such amendments
to its provisions as may make it acceptable to me.
] desiie to see abuses corrected; but this bill will
not correct those complained of. 1 submit the
motion that the bill may be referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and upon that motion I ask the previous question.
Mr. SUTHERLAND. I ask the gentleman
from Virginia to withdraw that motion for one
moment.
Mr. LETCHER. I will if you will renew it.
Mr. SUTHERLAND. I will renew it.
Mr. McLANAHAN. 1 renew the call for the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded.
Mr. HOUSTON. Has the morning hour ex-
pired ?
The SPEAKER. It has expired.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. SMART. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to take up and have referred and
printed the communication from the President of
the United States upon the Speaker's table relating
to the fishing question.
There was no objection, and the communication
was taken up and, without being read, referred to
the Committee on Foreign Affairs and ordered to
be printed.
The question then recurred upon the motion to
go into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union; and beins; put, it was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended.
dVIL AND DIPLOMATIC APPROPRIATIONS.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Phelps in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of House bill No. 196, making appro-
priations for the civil and diplomatic expenses of
the Government for the year ending June 30,1853,
and for other purposes.
The CHAIRMAN. When the committee rose
on Saturday last, an amendment had been pro-
posed by the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Stanton,] proposing to fix the salary of the clerk
of the Sergeant-at-Arms of the House at $1,500
per annum.
Mr. ORR. Is it in order to offer an amendment
to the amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. It is in order.
Mr. ORR. I propose to amend the amendment
by adding the following:
And that from the commencement of the present Con-
gress the compensation ot the messengers employed in the
post office of the IIou«e of Representatives be $1,000 per
annum in heu ot their present pei diem.
Mr. O. said: The object of this amendment is
to provide that those persons employed about the
