1296
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 7.
eminent mail-steamers. I do not think my con-
stituents would so understand it.
Mr. HUNTER. I think there is a good deal
in the suggestion of the Senator from Florida.
This'is a matter of complaint, not only in our ser-
vice, but,in the English service. If the Senator
from Texas will look into the matter, he will find
that Lord Auckland, when he was examined, in
1848, on this subject, said that he thought it did
lead to a great deal of mischief to the Navy; that
it was charged with <£700,000 a year for sustain-
ing steam-packet mail service, while the receipts
froig the packets went to the credit of the Post
Office establishment. So it is here. The receipts
from the mail-steamers, in the shape of postages,
go to the credit of the Post Office establishment.
Money is appropriated to the Post Office establish-
ment just as it is to the Navy. You appropriate
what is required for it. We have been appropri-
ating more than is received for the Post Office, and
1 apprehend we shall continue to do so. It is but
fair, that you should know how much moi e we are
appropriating than we receive. Thei efore, as the
Post Office receives the postages arising from the
mail-steamers, so it ought to be charged with the
expenses.
The PRESIDENT. That proposition is not
now before the Senate.
The amendment of Mr. Rusk was agreed to.
On motion, the Senate adjourned until Monday.
HOUSE OF "REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, May 7, 1852.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Rev. C. M. Butler.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
On motion by Mr. WALLACE, by unani-
mous consent, it was
Ordered, That leave be gt anted to withdraw fiom the files
of the Hoiis-e, for the purpose ol lefeienee in the Senate,
the petition of VVlntimirsh B. tfeabrook, piaymg that a law
may be passed to pay the Edists Inland Company lor ser-
vices rendered to the United states, m the Huie'of riouth
- Carolina, dui nig the war of 1812.
Mr. GROW asked and obtained unanimous
consent (o introduce a memorial from George
Catiin, now in London, in reference to the pur-
chase, by Congress, of hid Indian collection; winch
was referred to the Committee on the Library.
THE PUBLIC PRINTING.
Mr, STANTON, of Kentucky. I am instructed,
by the unanimous vote of the Committee on Punt-
ing, to present a report to the House from that
committee, accompanied by a resolution, which I
ask to have read.
The Clerk then read the report and resolution,
as follows:
The Joint Committee on Printing, who were m-tiuctcd
by the Hotne ot Kepie.sentatives Vk to icpoit what, it any,
arrangement had been made to execute the public, piintn.ij,
and ii any other than the public pimtei lias been employed,
to report what pnees they have a<;i'< cd to pay;" and who
were also " instructed to Jet out Mich punting ay the pies-
ent eontiactor could not ox-^eute to the lowest bidder, alter
ten days' notice," respectfully report:
That under the resolution ot the two Houses ol Congress,
adopted Augured, 18-16, the proper otliccr.s ofthe Semite and
House of' Representatives let out the public punting to tiie
lowest bidder, agreeably to thy terms of the said evolution.
That A. Uoyd Hamilton, being the lowest bidder lor each
of the several elapse-, of the public pimuri!? designated by
the law, received the contract, and eiiuied into bonds (or
its faithful execution on the 3d ot Mai eh. 1851. The plu , s
at which said Hamilton uudeitook to do th« work are ruin-
ously low, and in the opinion of expenenced piactieal print-
er are scarcely moie than sufficient to pav toi the papei
upon which the punting lsiequired to be done by rile tonus
of the contract. The officers authorized by the  aid joint
resolution to let out the work and make the contract, in
their report to the House of the 3d of March, 1851, estimate
the aggregate amount of the contracroi's bid at the sum of
$87,631, supposing no greatei amount of printing will be
ordered by the present Congress than was executed under
the order of the previous one. ft is conceded by all that
the next lowest responsible bidder who offered lot the
printing, and was willing to take it at his bid, was John T
Towers, an experienced ptacocal printer of the city of
Washington. The difference between the sum winch the
contractor, Hamilton, will leceive by his contract and the
bid of John 'J'. Toweis, for the same amount of punting, is
#80,689, or a difference ot nearly one bundled per cent, m
the two bids. Ii compared with the bid of John C. Rive",
another competitor tor the same printing, the disparity be-
tween the sum agreed upon by the contractor and that for
which Mr. Rivet wa> willing to execute the work is much
greater, being the sum of $108,7-11, or more than one hun-
dred and twenty-five per cent. Both Toweis and Rives
are practical men, engaged extensively m the business nf
printing, and no doubt offered to do the work at what they
deemed fair and reasonable prices.
As might have been expected under these en cumstances,
the contractor, Mr. Hamilton, has been unable at any time
during the present session of Congress to execute the punt-
ing ot the two Houses igreeably to the terms ot his contract,
in no single instance, to the knowledge of the committee,
has he fully complied with the requisitions of his bond.
Neither the bills, leports, calendars, Executive documents',
nor any other specimen of woik he has executed, is printed
upon such paper, or done in such a style, as his written obli-
gation requires of him. That description ot the public
printing intended for preservation, as part of the legislative
records of the nation, is done upon paper greatly inferior to
the standard of the contract, and in such an unskillful man-
| ner as to be absolutely disgraceful to Congress. The paper
is not only below the standard in weight, but is of coarser
texture and of smaller size than provided foi by his contract.
Wnen bound and trimmed, the margin is necessarily so
small as to disfigure the work; and it plates of the usual
octavo size aie used, they are clipped and seriously injured.
The general appearance of the work, arising from the
inferior quality ot the maienal, and the unskillful manner ot
its execution, is shamefully bad, and believed to be worse
than that done lor any State Legislatuie in the Union.
It is not only m regaid to the inferior quality of the ma-
terial, and the dcfecuve execution of the work, that the
connniffep find the contractor in default, but in point of
tune in the completion of the work intrusted to ins hands,
i he has been and is now unreasonably behind. The Pies
ident's message, which might have been completed in
three weeks by an energetic and capable contractor, is not
now, after a lapse of five months, one half done. There is
not the slightest prospect, judging from the conduct of the
public printer so lar, that this document will be fully com-
pleted and ready for dehveiy to the members until atter the
adjournment ol the present session ol Congress. The two
Houses will thus be deprived for a whole session of the
most important and useful document for legislative pur-
poses'whieh will be oideied by them, and the expense of
its publication only so much money wasted. Otiiei impoit-
aut documents, necessary for the use of the various com-
mittees, have been delayed m the same unreasonable
manner.
Four months ago the contractor was called before the
committee, and notified in regaid to the interior execution
of the punting, as well as of the delay m furnishing it to
Congress, lie promised amendment in these respects; out,
in utter disregard oi his promise-, as well as of the obliga-
tion ot his* contiact, he has not shown the slightest disposi-
tion to lutnish bettci material or better woik, ui to execute
the public printing with more dispatch. The documents,
such as have been t'u> tiished, aie printed upon the fame
eoaise and inlenoi paper, in the same unskillful and, in
some instances, illegible manner, and with like want of
alacrity.
Your committee were icquiied by the provisions of the
joint resolution directing the mannei of procuring the print-
ing oi the two Houses of Congress, in the contingency pre-
sented to them by the gioss default of the eomiactor, >• to
adopt such means to leuiedy his neglect and delay" in the
execution of the work oidered by Congress as they might
deem nece&saiy. ltwa  appaientto every member ot the
committee, not only fiom the state ot the public printing,
but the admissions of the contractoi hnnseli, thai he could
not comply with his uiideitaking, so as to injure to Con-
gress woik done upon the pioper material,and as rapidly as
the teimsot his uiideitaking required. Theie was tnen
lelt to the committee no other alternative than to peinnt
Congiess tosnbinii lo the iinposuion ot interior woik and
unreasonable delay, or exercise the povvei eonfcired upon
them by law. They cho*e to perform what seemed to them
to he tnen obvious duty, and cnteied into contracts with
HoneLnon & Ainistiong to execute so much of the public
priming a*, had been or might be ouiereu by the Mouse, and
• which the public contractor could not, or would not, do;
i and with Gideon is. Co. to do that oideied by the Senate.
I Each ot these firms has entered into bond in the penalty of
' .$'20,UUU, with good secih'ity, mr the faithful pertounanee of
j the woik. The pi ices agu-ed to be paid to these lit in*, for
' the woik they may execute undci then lespective con-
tiact,-., are heieto appended, and made paitot this repoit
They do not diiler materially from the bid of John T. Tow-
ers, aim aie believed by the committee to be such as will
afjoid the contractor no nunc timn a modeiate pioflt.
The airangemeut made by the committee with these firms
wa  intended only as a temporary ineasuie to secure the
piompt and speedy execution oi the public punting, and ex-
tends no fuitliei tlnm the elocution oi s,o mueh ol ttie woik
as the contractor could not do. in all cases, if the contract-
oi could execute the work in proper tune, and in tiie man-
ner requited by his contiatt, he would be allowed to exe-
cute it. Tiie guntlemen were selected because they were
men of chai.icter, abundantly prej ated promptly and faith-
fully to discharge then duly under then controls.
The public punter has tiled with the committee a memo-
rial, stating various ground* of excuse tor not being able to
execute the public woik in the manner piovided for in his
contiact, and asking at the hands of the committee such
lelief as m then judgment may be just and equitable. We
leter to this memorial meielv because or n- admission that
the contractor has not been able to meet the obligations ol :
his contract, and to indicate to the House his reliance upon 1
Congiesstor ultimate relief. j
Tne resolution or the House instincts the joint committee
" to let out such panting as the piesent contractor cannot
execute to the lowest biddei, alter ten days' notice.'' Tiie
joint committee is created undei the joint resolution of the
two Houses ot Congress, approved August od, JS46, and is
composed of three members fiom eat h House. To this
committee, thus created under a law of Congress, certain
duties are assigned m legard to the public printing, which i
cannot be controlled by either House, acting sepaiateiy. If I
the House may instruct tiie committee, so al^o may the I
Senate. In tne event ot conflicting instmcttonsfioni these i
bodies, the organization or ttie committee is such, bow* I
composed ot'equal numners fiom each House, that neither '>
set of instructions could be effective. When these mat! uc- I
tions contravene the law itselfj and require the committee |
to disregard the obvious duties imposed upon them by that J
law, surely no one will maintain that they ought to be i
obeyed. j
While your committee have no disposition to disiegard
the known will of either House, in all matters not involv-
ing a violation of law, they cannot, consistently with their
obligations under the law, obey instructions not authorised
by, out in their opinion against the law.
The second section of the joint resolution referred to is
as follows:
" Sec. 2. And be it further resolved, That a committee,
4 consisting of three members of the Senate and three mem-
4 hers of the Hou^e of Representatives, shall be chosen by
4 their respective Houses, which shall constitute a Commit-
4tee no Printing,which shall have power to adopt such meas-
' ures as may be deemed necessary to remedy any neglect
4 or delay on the part of the contractor to execute the work
4 ordered by Congiess, and to make a pro rata reduction in
£ the compensation allowed, or to refuse the work alto-
gether, should it be inferior to the standard; and in all cases
4 the contractor and his securities shall be responsible for
4 any increased expenditure consequent upon the non-per-
4 formanee of the contract. The committee shall audit and
4 pass upon all accounts for punting; but no bill shall be
4 acted upon for woik that is not actually executed and
l 'dehveied, and which they may require to be properly
j 4 authenticated."
i Under this provision of the Jaw, the committee have
adopted the means they deemed necessary "to lemedy the
neglect and delay on the part of the contractoi to execute
the work ordered by Congress." Thev have entered into
contracts which the law authorized, and taken bonds m
heavy penalties for their faithful performance. For all
damages which may result to the Government from the
"neglect or delay" ot the contractor, or "mcieased expend-
iture consequent upon the non-performance of the con-
tiact," a lemedy is reserved by the law against the con-
tiactor and Jns securities. The House, by its instructions,
require the committee to annul these contracts se author-
ized by the law, and after ten days' notice give the work to
the lowest bidder. If the House, without the concurrence
of the Senate, may control the action of the committee in
this lespeet, it may in all others, and to the defeat of the
whole purpose ot the law, and thus the singular spectacle
would be presented of one House, which has no legislative
power independent of the other, exercising power which
belongs only to the two Houses and the PreMdent together.
It the House, by its separate action, may control the Joint
Committee on Printing, why may it not regulate the con-
| duct and annul the contracts of'the members of Congress
J who are Regents ofthe Smithsonian Institution, or of any
i j other officers whose duties are prescribed by an act of the.
I two Houses ofCongiess?
j -The committee feel confident that they have in their
| action pursued literally the terms of the law, and believe
J thev have no power to cany out the requirements of the
j lesolution ot the House, and abrogate the contracts made
j with Donelson & Armstrong and Gideon &, Co.; and,
j however much they are disposed to respect the wishes of
j the House, they cannot execute them under the law with-
I out the absent of the contractors and the concurrence of
I the Senate.
I In respect to the report of the members ofthe committee
| of the Hou«e, proposing to publish fifty thousand copies of
| the mechanical pait of the Patent Office repoit, the mem-
j hers ot the Senate belonging to the committee conceive
I that they have no jurisdiction over the subject. The law
j expressly requires'that ail motions to piint extra copies of
j any document shall bo referred to the members ofthe com-
i lmttee belonging to the House in which «meh motions are
, made; and these members having exclusive control ot the
| subject, the membeis from the Senate decline to expiess
1 any opinion in regard theieto. The members ofthe Coni-
i mittee of the House do not deem the number of the Patent
} Office Report pioposed to be published unreasonable, or
; the puce greater than the work will cost. The members of
i the House belonging to the committee submit the following
1 lesolution, and «i k us adoption :
Rciolccrf, That the Committee on Printing, under the
, joint resolution of the thndor August, Jg.JC, *• have power
; k to adopt such measures as may he deemed necessaiy to
; f remedy any neglect or delay on the part o! tlu> corUia'ctor
i ' to execute the woik oideied by Conyre^, and to make a
J 4 p--o rate deduction in the compensation allowed, oi icfuse
4 the work altogether, should it be inferior to the standmd;
4 and in all cases mav hold the contractoi and his securities
; 4 les-ponsible for any incieased expenditure consequent
1 4 upon the non-performance of jus contiact."
FOR THE FIRST CLASS,
l Consisling of the Bills and Joint Resolutions o f both
' Bouses.
i Foi composition, per p-ige $0 50
| Foi ihe pi ess-work, paper, folding, and stitching per
page—
For 5^0 copies  75
and at the same rate foi anv gieater number not exceeding
1 1,1'UO copies.
FOR THE SECOND CLASS,
Consisting of Reports of Committees of both Houses, with
Indexes.
For the composition, pel page, octavo—
For small pica, plain   §1 00
For small pica, rule  1 25
For breviei, plain    1 5u
For breviei, rule  175
Foi the composition of tables larger than octavo—
Pei l,0:i0 ems  70
Foi the press work, paper, folding, and stitching of
the octavo size, per page—
For 1,251) copies.     85
and at the same rate for any greater number not exceeding
1,50*) copies.
For the piess-work, paper, folding, and stitching of each
table larger than octavo—
For 1,250 copies $3 50
and at the same iate for any greater number not exceeding
1,500 copies.
For deduction on account of folding and stitching not re-
quired m the copies reserved for binding, per "page, for
100 copies—
