THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $3 FOR THIS SESSION.
32d Congress, 1st Session*.
THURSDAY, AUGUST 12, 1852.
New Series No. 136.
can be no necessity for this additional appropriation
of $187,000, which, I understand, is the amount
contained in the bill above the §300,000.
Mr. McCORKLE. These estimates I had
supposed the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means fully understood had been sent in, and
were to form apart of this amendment. The first
appropriation asked for in this amendment is for
the building of the Mint, and the construction of
the machinery; and I appeal to the gentleman's
intelligence, to his common sense,to know whether
it is not necessary that the officers of this Mint—
the Superintendent, the Coiner, and the Assayer—
should be appointed now to superintend the man-
ufacture, or make a selection of the machinery
necessary for that Mint?
Mr. HOUSTON. Does the gentleman propose
to have these officers appointed now, and let them
commence drawing then* salaries from the time of
their appointment ?
Mr. McCORKLE. That is proposed, and the
necessity of the case requires it; as the Secretary
of the Treasury is determined to put this Mint
under contract at once. That being the case, there
is an absolute necessity for the appointment of
these officers. Does the gentleman expect them
to serve without a salary ?
Mr. HOUSTON. There is no necessity fur
their appointment now.
Mr. McCORKLE. Why not? The machinery
must be selected, or manufactured, and these offi-
cers must perform duties in connection with that.
They are supposed to understand it; and the con-
tractor, who may assume to construct the building
of this Mint, and to furnish the machinery, should
not have the selection of the machinery.
Mr. HOUSTON. The Secretary of the Treas-
ury makes his contract for that.
Mr. McCORKLE. But it is supposed that the
Secretary of the Treasury may erect temporary
buildings for the purposes of coinage. If this is
done it will be necess.irv that the^e officers should
be appointed; and, if so, it is necessary they
should have a salary. There are coining estab-
lishments in California which can be rented cheap,
for any length of time, and until the Mint itself
goes into operation. They have nearly all the
materials necessary for that purpose.
But, rather than defeat the passage of the amend-
ment at all, I am willing to separate it so as to
have a vote first upon that part making the appro-
priation for the erection of the building, and then
a vote upon the appropriation for the salaries.
Mr. HAMILTON. The proviso should be
stricken out; it conflicts with the law.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not think the proviso
is in conflict with the law. The proviso reads:
"Provided, That no contract for matcuni'*, or foi tlx?
purchase, lea^e, rent, or eiectton of the l>mldtng, shall be
made except to the lowest bidder, after sivty (lavs' adver-
tisement in at lea-t three new^pap^rs, two of which shall
be published in the State ot Caliiomia."
The law by which the Mint was created did
not direct whether contracts should be with the
lowest bidder, or otherwise, at the discretion of
the Secretary of the Treasury. It only pro-
vided for contracts; and I suppose this provision
may be consistent with the law. But then there
is this fact about it: The second proviso ought to
be a restriction, so as to provide that the expendi-
tures shall not exceed the amount authorized by
the act for the establishment of the Mint. The
Secretary of the Treasury might, by possibility,
determine that Congress, by putting in this pro-
viso, directed contracts should go to the lowest
responsible bidder. Fie might determine it was
such a change of the law as would authorize him
even to exceed the $300,000. I would desire,
therefore, of the gentleman from California, in-
stead of this second proviso—which I do not think
properly placed here—to make an additional pro-
viso, that under no circumstances shall the ex-
penditure exceed the sum authorized by the law
creating the Mint. 1 move to amend the amend-
ment by the addition of the following proviso:
Provided, further, That no contract or contracts shall be
made for such Branch Mint and machinery, for an amount
exceeding $300, U0i>.
136
Mr. McCORKLE. I accept the gentleman's
proviso, and modify my amendment accordingly.
The question was then taken on Mr. McCor-
kle's amendment as modified, and it was agreed
to.
Mr. McCORKLE. I now submit the following
amendment, to come in after what has just been
adopted:
Thattheie shall also beappropriated,forcurrentcxpensci
of the year, the sums of—
For salary of Superintendent of the Mint   $4,500
For salary of Treasurer  4,.r>0U
For salary of Assayer  3>(Miu
For salaty of Meltcr and Refiner  tfjotk)
Foj salary of Coiner  3,000
For salaries of Assistants and Clerks  17,500
For labor  Si),000
For acids  100,000
For contingencies  15,000
Mr. Chairman, with regard to that amendment
I have simply to say this: that in the amendment
which has just been passed, we authorize the Sec-
letary of the Treasury to rent an establishment in
San Francisco, if in his discietion he thinks proper
to do so, for the purpose of coinage. There is
already there what is called the United States As-
say office. There are also some two or three other
private coining establishments there. They may,
in fact, be called mints. If the Secretory of the
Treasury deems it proper to rent one of these es-
tablishments, it wiii be absolutely necessary to
have these officers; and I believe that I am not
going too far to say—but I will not state that he
did, although he ou^ht to—that lie will rent one
of these establishments for the purpose of coining,
until the Mint shall go into opeiation. In that
event, as I have already said, these officers will be
absolutely necessary. These salaries are fixed by
the law already passed and approved. The three last
items of my amendment are for materials winch
will be necessary in order to carry on the estab-
lishment, should he rent one. I see no good rea-
son why the amendment should not be passed at
once, and let this Mint go into operation immedi-
ately. I am not tenacious about the subject, how-
ever. It comes from the Department. That is
the view they take of it, and 1 think it is abso-
lutely necessary to the interests of the people of
California to supply them immediately with an
institution for the coinage of money, which this
Congress has failed to do for so long a time.
Mr. HOUSTON. I remain in the same opinion
I expressed a few moments ago. These appro-
priations are all unnecessary. The gentleman,
by referring to the law, will ace at once that the
contracts have to be approved by the President of
the United States before anything can be done.
The gentleman from California speaks of renting
a building and putting the machinery there. Why,
sir, the purchasing of the machinery is to be a
part of the contract which must come within the
$300,000; and the Secretary of the Treasury can-
not take a single step until he completes his con-
tract and the President of the United States has
approved it. There is no authority for renting a
house for the machinery in the original law, and
if the gentleman proposes to authorize such a
thing, 1 shall object to his amendment as being
out of order. If I understand him as proposing
that we shall purchase machinery, aside from
what is provided in the law, I shall raise that
point of order. Congress will meet again within
three months, and there will be ample time for the
consideration of this subject.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was not agreed to.
Mr. WEIGHTMAN offered the following
amendment:
For payment of losses by Indian depredations m New
Mexico since that country w as taken possession of by the
American troop* under General Kearny m the year 1846,
the sum of $1,751,000, or so much thereof may be neces-
sary to be disbursed under the direction of th© Secretaiy of
the Interior.
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. Chairman, is that amend-
ment in order?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of the opin-
ion that the Indian intercourse act of 1834 provides
for compensating persons whose property has
been destroyed by Indians. He does not recol-
lect the exact provision of that statute, but feels,
nevertheless, disposed to entertain the amendment.
M r. WEIGHTMAN. This amendment, Mr.
Chairman, is in strict pursuance of notanordinay,
but a supreme law of the United States. The
9ih article of the treaty between theUnited States
and Mexico of 1848, provides that—•
"• The Mexican" who, in the Territorie* aforesaid, shall not
pieMTve the rhuracterof citizens of the Mexican Republic,
confoi inably with what is i-tipulntcrf in the preceding article,
i-h,tii be liseni poi.u<-d into the Union of the United States
ami bp admitted at tin- proper lime, (to be judged of by the
Corgi e<-s of the United Stau-O to the enjoyment of al"l the
ncrhu- of citizens of the United State-, accoidtnc to the
principle* of the Constitution ; and in the mean time shall
be runntmncd and protected in the free enjoyment of their
liberty and propci ty, and secured in the free exerciso of
their lehiiion without restriction."
I)y this treaty, which is the supreme law of the
land, the Government of the United States guar-
i antu d to maintain and protect the people of New
j Mexico in the enjoyment of their property. Many
1 of the inhabitants of that Territory have been
| despoiled of their property by the Indians. The
I amount of their losses as indicated in the amend-
j ment is taken from the census returns, which, of
I course, were prepared by the officers of the United
j States. It is not the exact amount, but falls short
i several hundred dollars. The case designed to be
I provided for here is an aggravated one. The peo-
j pie of New Mexico requested of the authorities of
| that Territory permission to take their own prop-
I erty away from the Indians, but were met with a
[ tefusal. They were refused permission to do so
] in the time of General Kearny, because we were
; then at war. Consent to their request was not
| afterwards given, from the fear that a border
j warfare would be the consequence. Yet I will
i undertake to assert that the people of no other
j portion of our country would have remained quiet
! wh'Uf their piopeity was being taken in their
midst, although there might be a law to the con-
j trary. If the people of Texas had a large portion
i of their property taken from them by Indians, and
j the depot of that property was within the limits of
; their own State, I undertake to say that the Gov-
i eminent of the United States might have passed
< as many laws as it pleased, yet that people would
, j have retakt n their lost property. The law-abiding
II New Mexicans have obeyed orders, and relied
j; upon the justice of the Government. It seems to
; | me that this thing is very clear. The sum in the
jj amendment is taken from the census returns.
The whole amount is not absolutely appropriated,
ii but only so much as may be necessary to meet
:} the claims that may be presented.
j Mr. CHASTAIN. The amount proposed by
j the amendment is a large one to be appropriated
<.t one time, and, as for myself, I am not prepared
r to give my vote for it. I do not think NewMex-
b ico is worth that amount of money. [Laughter.]
I want to know whether the gentleman will talc©
New Mexico in part payment?
Mr. WEIGl-ITMAN. I desire to state^ that
this amount was returned by the officers appointed
by the United States to take the census, and the
return is not in gross. I had the honor once be-
fore of bringing this subject to the attention of the
House. The return sets forth the number of
horses, mules, and sheep carried off from the va-
rious counties since 1846.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to ask the
gentleman a question. Would be, if he had a
vote in this committee, vote for the amendment
himself?
Mr. WEIGHTMAN. Mostassuredly I would.
Mr. HOUSTON. Here is a large claim that
it is proposed to appropriate for in gross. From
the reading of the amendment, I judge that the
money goes to a great many people. The sub-
jectnevex has been before a committee. My friend
from New Mexico is himself almost as uninformed
upon the subject as we are, because I presume
that he has not had an opportunity of investigating
the case according: to the proof.
Mr. WEIGHTMAN. I wish to say a word
inreply to the gentleman. I have stated the ground
upon which my opinion is founded, so far as
