386
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE*
Jan. 24,
Executive of the United States may be prepared
to execute the treaty-accordingto its requirements.
Let me say a word further on this subject. Sup-
pose 1 had gone to the Secretary of State and ob-
tained information from him personally—(and I
will here say that I have obtained none of my in-
formation from that officer, or from any other per-
son who is supposed to be implicated by the re-
marks of any member upon this floor, or suspect-
ed of wrong in this transaction: i have'altogether
avoided them, not because I supposed they would
not tell me the truth, but because 1 prefered to
speak from the record—I wished to leave no chance
for doubt in the mind of any one as to the correct- j
ness of my statement: I have, therefore, resorted j
to the archives in your Departments; and 1 am !
sure that I am not mistaken as to the informa-
tion 1 present)—suppose I had gone and con-
versed with the Secretary of State, and had reported
the result of such interview and what had passed, '
would it be at all likely that such course on
my part woyld have given satisfaction to those
members who think 1 should have pursued that
course? The honorable member from Virginia,
[Mr. Bayly,1 who preceded me, as chairman of
the Committee of Ways ancl Means, in his speeches
states distinctly that ne did converse with the Sec-
retary of State, and that he communicated the re-
sult of those conversations to the House. Yet it
seems that gentlemen are not satisfied; and would
it be likely that what the Secretary might tell me
would have a better effect upon their minds? Such
a supposition is hardly a reasonable one. With
the evidence, then, of that fact before me, I do
not feel willing to become the medium of any un-
official communications from the Secretary of State
to the House. We have a right to call by reso-
lution, and that is the only mode we can adopt.
In no other way can we hold official communica-
tion with the President of the United States, and
we should never hesitate to adopt that mode when
we think the public interests require it.
But further: the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Dis-
ney] was unfortunate, in my view, in another
thing. The gentleman seemed to press upon the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
the adoption of the call for information, but with-
held it from the House. He was a member of the
Thirty-first Congress, and at the first session of that
Congress made a speech, of which his speech the
otherdaywas almost the counterpart, at which time
he charged that these rumors existed, and, indeed,
the whole tenor of his speech would indicate that
his mind was not satisfied with the fairness of the
transaction between the Executive of the United
States and Mexico. He did not then, as I have
been able to find, seek the information which he
seems so much to desire. It is true, he said he
tried to get it and failed. I do not understand
that he called eilher in person or by resolution upon
the President of the United States or the Secretaiy
of State for it. Then who i« most in fault, if fault
exists at all? This bill was reported to the House
and referred to thisCommitteeonfheGthday of this
month, and I have been pressing constantly to
have action upon it; yet no effort was made in the
• House to obtain the information untfl some two
days since, notwithstanding the gentleman knew
that the House of Representatives (and not the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union)
could legitimately make such call. The honora-
ble member is a parliamentarian, and knows very
well that the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union cannot originate a resolution of that
character; that the House must originate it; and
yet he continued to urge it upon the committee,
and seemed to desire, in his speeches, to put some
of us in the position of endeavoring' to suppress in-
formation—to smother inquiry and investigation;
but, strange to say, he had not then made an
effort to get the call in the House.
I think the gentleman was unfortunate in another
view which he presented in connection with this bill.
He asks why the Committee of Ways and Means
have made this bill an exception to the general
rule governing appropriation bills?—thereby char-
ging that they have done so. I must say to the gen-
tleman, m all kindness, that he is mistaken—we
have not made it an exception. This bill merely
proposes to appropriate the money; and that is the
case with every appropriation bill, unless some
special cause exists and is presented demanding
something else to be done. You appropriate sev-
eral hundred thousand dollars for the judiciary,
and gi'fre no directions as to its payment—who
pays that money? We appropriate millions of
dollars to carry out our treaty stipulations with
the Indian tribes, for the military, naval,and civil
service of the country; but in none of the bills
m king those appropriations do we do more than
we propose to do here—appropriate the money and
place it at the disposal of the Executive, who is
bound to execute the law. There we leave it,
unless some reason is presented why Congress
should do more. It seems, then, if I am right in
this—and I am satisfied I am correct—that we
have not made this bill an exception to the general
rule; that we have done or propose to do every-
thing that is usual to be done with appropriation
bills, and no more. We have the power to do
more, to go further, if a case is presented to re-
quire it; but unless such case be presented it would
be both improper and unfortunate for us to inter-
vene between the Executive and lis duties, and
thereby release him from responsibility or afford
him a pretext for throwing an improper responsi-'
bility on Congress. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Meade,] who addressed the commit-
tee this morning, sustains me in this view. He
saystheCommitteeofWaysand Meanscould have
done nothing but what it did do. Why ? Because,
he says, if thecommittee had reported a provision
such as he and other gentlemen advocate, it would
have been a reflection on the Secretary of State—
an act which should be done by the House, if done
at all, and not by one of its committtees. If the
House desire to reflect upon the President or Mr.
Webster, surely it can do so; and the committee
cannot be blamed for not having reported a provis-
ion that would have had that effert. I am not the
advocate or defender of either of those public func-
tionaries. No persons could be more antagonistic
politically than I am to each of them. I do not pro-
pose, however, to occupy the time of this committee
in either defending or charging them further than
a frank and fair statement of the facts may go. I
leave this committee to decide as it may see fit.
We pass an appropriation for paying our foreign
ministers, without directing in the bill who shall
pay out the money. Who makes that payment?
What department of the Government does it? It
is left with the President of the United States.
He, as the Executive of the United States, is bound
by his oath faithfully, honestly, and fairly to ex-
ecute the laws, whether making appropriations or
otherwise. I am aware that he does not do it
personally, but he does it through his executive
departments, which are under his control and di-
rection whenever he sees fit to exercise it.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, (interrupting.)
I desire to ask the gentleman if the payment of
ministers, consuls, charges, and officers of that
description, is not done by the Secretary of the
Treasury, and not by the Secretary of State? ,
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman is very
shrewd. I put a question to him, and instead of
answering it, he rises and puts the same question
to me. However, I will answer him. Those
payments are made through the Department of the
Treasury, upon a requisition from the Secretary
of State, but also through the instrumentality of
the Barings, as I am informed—those same bank-
ers through whom the President proposes to pay
the installment about which we are now debating.
But I brought that matter up only for the purpose
of showing that in our appropriation bills, after
appropriating the money, we leave it, as a general
rule, with the Executive Department, to be applied
honestly and faithfully to the objects of appropri-
ation, and not for the purpose of showing which
Secretary did it. [ presume no one doubts the
fact, that the President has a risrht to employ either
of his Secretaries, as his judgement may dictate.
To make an appropriation is a legislative act. The
Executive cannot touch the public money unless we
authorize lrim to do it by the enactment of a law.
lie cannot draw a dollar from the Treasury any
more than you or I, or any other citizcn of the
community, until a law is passed giving him au-
thority to do it; and when such a law is enacted,
it is his duty to see that the money is applied to
the objects specified in the law. The application
of an appropriation is, therefore, an Executive
duty, and not a legislative duty; and to justify
the legislature in making an encroachment upon
the duty of the Executive in the application of an
appropriation like this, there must be some evi-
dence before Congress of fraud, corruption, or
improper conduct upon the part of the Execu-
tive.
For these reasons it. seems to me that the amend-
ment of my friend from Tennessee [Mr. John-
son] should not be adopted, and if adopted, it will
be of no avail. I understand his amendment to
be, that the Secretary ©f the Treasury shall make
this payment under the direction of the President
of the United States. That is no more than the
law as it 110 stands, only the President of the
United States, as he had aright to do, has re-
quired the head of another Department, instead of
the head of the Treasury Department. It would
only substitute the Secretary of the Treasury for
the Secretary of State.
Mr. BAYLY, (interrupting.) And Mr. Corwin
told me, at the last session of Congress, thatif the
change was made, he should carry out the arrange-
ment with the Barings, which had been made by
the Secretary of State.
Mr. HOUSTON, (resuming.) If we were to
adopt the amendment, what would be the result?
The President has a right to employ whichever
Department he chooses, to pay the installments
running to maturity, unless we tell him that he shall
employ one and not the other. He could make
the payment himself, if he had desired it. Indeed,
it is his duty to do it, if he had the physical ability,
and at the sartoatime attend to his various other
duties. Thew® m of the country, knowing that
hecould notdischargeallthose duties, has given him
executive departments to aid him. And it matters
not which department makes this payment, the
President is bound to supervise it, because the act
is done upon his responsibility and under his direc-
tion, through the aid of the Secretary.
So then,If we should adopt the amendment of
the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Johnson,]
we would accomplish no good for the country—at
least, I am unable to see in what way the country
would gain by it; and while we accomplish no
beneficial result, we by that act interfere with the
duties of the President of the United States, by
directing him to do differently from what he has
heretofore done and what it seems he proposes to
do now. My friend from Virginia [Mr. Meade]
gave but one reason which can influence the minds
of any one in favoring that particular amendment.
I understood that gentleman to say that he wanted
to adopt that amendment for the purpose of re-
buking the present Secretary of State, because
that Secretary had not consulted the wishes of
Mexico in the payment of the third credit install-
ment of the Mexican indemnity. Let us for a
moment look at this matter. I am quite sure the
honorable gentleman does not desire to do any-
thing which would unfavorably affect the interest
of the country. Then the question very forcibly
presents itself, whether the amendment will result
in any good ? It is true, it may accomplish a per-
sonal object—to rebuke the Secretary of State.
Cut if you want to rebuke him, do it directly,
and not in this indirect manner. He is no favorite
of mine, and has never been. I must say, how-
ever, that our action should be just and fair; let
us not condemn him—let us not rebuke in advance
of an investigation. Would my friend from Vir-
ginia be willing that we should take up a rumor
of this sort, and without stopping to inquire into
its truth, rebuke him without giving him an op-
portunity to be heard—to defend himself? I pre-
sume not. Such course would he repugnant to
our nature. If gentlemen will prepare the issue—
make up a case—I will go as far as any one to con-
demn guilt. When a resolution was offered in the
House a few days ago by the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Briggs,] proposing to institute
an inquiry into the legality and fairness of the
election of the Delegate from the Territory of
Utah-—whether he had not obtained his seat here
by bribery and corruption, what was the argu-
ment used? and what were the indications of the
sense of the House on that occasion? It was that
the resolution Implied a censure upon the Delegate,
and that it should not be adopted without giving
him an opportunity of being heard in explana-
tion of the circumstances connected with his elec-
tion.
Mr. MEADE. I distinctly stated in my re-
marks, that the amendment was intended notonly
to indicate displeasure at the manner in which
the last payment had been made, but inasmuch as
it had been made in a manner incompatible with
the views of this House, if adopted, as indicative
