1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2163
who are in this city in any of the Departments.
But then I have a duty to perform, and I mean to
perform it according to the dictates of my own
judgment. I do not profess to be under the influ-
ence of the Senate quite so much as my friend
from New York seems to be. I suppose that if
the Senate were to pay $2Q a day, the gentleman
could, with just as much propriety,come forward
and ask us to do likewise, because the Senate had
done it, and that he would be just as willing to
do it. ft is enough for us to follow the good ex-
ample of the Senate, but for God's sake let us not
follow their bad example. We have been in the
habit of paying our messengers the compensation
that is provided by law. They knew what it was
before they entered upon the discharge of their
duties. Who does not remember at the com-
mencement of this very session of Congress the
turmoil and confusion and bickering and ill-feel-
ing1 that sprang up here because officers in this
House and about this House were displaced, and
others put in their stead ? There was a general
scramble for the places, and now the very men
who sought those places, and knew what com-
pensation they were to get, are coming forward
and presenting their claims to us, because their
compensation is not enough ! The gentlemen who
came in, scrambled and contended very hard for
the places, knowing what the compensation was,
and the gentlemen who went out complained bit-
terly that they were proscribed from that compen-
sation.
Now, it seems to me, as I said before, that if
we mean to legislate according to our own sense of
propriety, we must stand to the compensation as
the law establishes it, unless we are given a good
reason for increasing it, and that reason must not
be that the Senate have increased the compensa-
tion of their employees, but it must be that a pub-
lic necessity exists, this compensation is too low,
and that therefore we must increase it.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. I wish to call
the attention of the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means to the fact that all the expenses
of living in this city have vastly increased within
a very short time.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have heard that five hun-
dred times, and I reply to it by saying that the
expenses of living in almost every place m the
United States have increased. And what reason
exists for increasing the salaries here, that does
not apply to New York, Boston, Philadelphia,
Charleston, New Orleans, and every other place
where officers of this Government live*
I take my own State, for example: a year ago
we could get the provisions of life at prices one
third below what we have to give for them now,
and will you not increase the compensation of
your officers there, as well as of those here? There
is not a reason which has been given for increas-
ing the salaries of officers of the Government here
which does not apply with equal force as well to
officers of the Government elsewhere.
The question then being upon Mr. Seymour's
amendment to the amendment, it was put, and on
a division the Chair announced—ayes 40,noes 58;
no quorum voting.
Mr. HAMILTON demanded tellers; which
were ordered; and Messrs. Campbell, of Illinois,
and Goodekow were appointed.
The question was again put, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 62, noes 60.
So the amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
The question recuned upon agreeing to the
amendment as amended.
Mr. HAMILTON. I move to amend theamend-
ment by adding thereto the following:
To the three public folder, vjz . John D. Utt, Henry 3VIc-
Laughlen, and John C. Mutiny. $-2 50 each per day, from
the commencement of the present session.
I have generally opposed these increases of com-
pensation, but these men deserve more at the hands
of this House than anyothermen employedahout
the Capitol. They have been here during the whole
session of Congress; one of them has received §75
for his services, and another only $12. They are
really deserving of this compensation.
Mr. GENTRY. I desire to remark, as a sug-
gestion somewhat in opposition to the amendment
of the gentleman from Maryland, that I have a
propositionheregeneralinits terms; one embracing
all the employes of the Government, in the Ex-
ecutive Departments as well as here, and which pro-
poses an increase of compensation to them upon
I! a uniform principle. 1 do not know that I am op-
\', posed to this proposition, but I think this partial
11 increase of compensation has a tendency to impair
11 the probability of the adoption of the general one
|j which I design to offer, and which I have been
;i waiting for an opportunity to offer. I hope the
l; gentleman will allow me, by common consent, to
;l offer mine now. He will find that it covers all
i! these cases in a satisfactory way.
I Mr. HAMILTON. These persons to whom
| my amendment relates are not salaried officers of
the Government.
! Mr. GENTRY. My amendment provides for
' all such characters, whether employed at an annual
|i salary or in temporary positions.
<! Mr. HAMILTON. Permit me to remark that
these gentlemen are employed in folding public
documents. They are not salaried officers. One
of them has received $75 for his services, and an-
other only $12.
Mr. GENTRY. My amendment will give (hem
twenty per cent, on what they now receive.
| Mr. HAMILTON. I only propose to give
, them $2 50 per day, from the commencement of
i the session.
| The question now being upon Mr. Hamilton's
amendment to the amendment,
Mr. SMART demanded tellers; which were or-
dered; and Messrs. St. Martin, and Cable of
Ohio, were appointed.
The question was taken, and the tellers reported
—ayes 74, noes 41; no quorum voting:.
[Loud cries of " Call the roll!"]
Mr. GORMAN. I ask that there may be a
recount.
The CHAIRMAN. There will be a recount
if no objection be made.
There being no objection, the tellers resumed
their places, and the question being again taken,
the tellers reported—ayes 85, noes 32.
So the amendment to the amendment was
adopted.
Mr.ORR. I ask that the amendment as amended
may be read, with a view to offer an amendment.
The Clerk read the amendment as amended, as
follows:
" And that the Clerk of the House of Itepiesentatives ho
directed to pny to William H.Minnix, the stationery and
petition cleik, ond the messengers ot the House of Repie-
sentativcs, the same compensation, annually, which is paid
to the assistant eleiks of the Clerk ol the House of Repre-
sentatives, from the commencement of the present Con-
gress; and the three public folders John D Utt, Henry
McLaughlin, and John U. MuNoy, $2 50 per day, from the
commencement and during the piesent session."
Mr. BISSELL. I ask the gentleman from
South Carolina to yield me the floor for one mo-
ment to make an explanation.
Mr. ORR. I yield to the gentleman for that
purpose.
Mr. BISSELL. It is necessary, in order to
carry out the intention of those who have offered
this amendment, to add after the words " messen-
gers of the House of Representatives," the words
" three dollars per day."
The CHAIRMAN. That change can only be
made by the unanimous consentof the committee.
Mr. HOUSTON. I object to any modification.
Mr. OUR. I move to amend the amendment
by striking out the words "the same compensa-
tion, annually, which is paid to theassistantclerks
of the Clerk of the House of Representatives,"
and to insert in lieu thereof the words u three dol-
lars per day."
My friend from Illinois, [Mr. Bissell,] m offer-
ing this amendment, stated to the House that the
object of it was to give this gentleman the same
compensation which is paid to the messengers,
which is three dollars per day, but referringto the
Blue Book here, it will be seen 
Mr. BISSELL. That is precisely the thing
which 1 wish to get at now. It was an accidental
omission of my own. I thought that on raising
the compensation of this gentleman up to the sal-
ary paid to the assistant clerks of the House, it
would be three dollars a day. That was my in-
tention.
Mr. GENTRY. Then I understand it to be a
mere verbal correction that the gentleman desires
to make, and I hope there will be no objection to it.
Mr. BISSELL. My object is to make it the
same as the salary paid to the assistant clerks of
the House—that is $1,500. But with regard to
the amendment offered by the gentleman from
New York, in relation to the messengers, it is in-
tended that thev shall have $3 a day.
Mr. OPtR. Well, 1 understood the gentleman
from Illinois, in the remarks which he made, to
say that the increase to this gentleman, Mr. Min-
ntx, would make his compensation §3 per day,
and I was not very averse to increasing his pay
from $2 50 to $3 a day. But if the amendment
stands as the gentleman framed it originally, in-
stead of this officer's pay being $3 a day, it will be
$5 a day, for the assistant clerks get instead of
§3 a day, §1,500 per annum. I therefore offer
the amendment which I have indicated.
I am not prepared to say whether the amend-
ment ought to be adopted or not, for I have not
examined into the details of the duties performed
by this officer. I had examined into the duties
of the officers for whose benefit I offered an amend-
ment this morning. 1 know the extent of their
services. I know that they worked from twelve
to sixteen hours a day, hot or cold, summer or
winter, and f thought their compensation ought
to be increased. 1 have not investigated this case,
and therefore I am not prepared to say whether
this increase ought to be made or not. But unless
the amendment which I have offered be adopted,
you will increase the compensation to $1,500, in-
stead of to $3 per day.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. I wish merely
to say, in explanation of my amendment, that £
had the same impression that thegentleman from
South Carolina had, and hence I offered theamend-
mentin thatform. Unless the words " three dol-
lars per day, " are inserted, it will be senseless,
or else will give the messengers $1,500, which I did
not intend. I stated that the object of the amend-
ment was to raise the pay from $2 50 to $3 per
day, arid I presume that was the intention of those
who voted for it.
Mr. MASON. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment to the amendment. I observe that the gen-
tlemen who are offering and advocating these
amendments are very little conversant with the
duties of these messengers, and, therefore, are not
prepared to make a distinction which ought to be
made in their compensation. The Committee on
Accounts,owing to the fact that we have had the
superintendence and control of the contingent
fund, have become acquainted with all these sub-
jects, and have had thia matter before us since the
beginning of the session; but in consequence of
the fact that the Committee on Public Lands con-
sumed some months at the commencement of this
session, our committee have never been called on,
or we should lon^ since have reported a bill regu-
Jatingall these salaries.
Now, sir, Mr. Mmnix, whose compensation
is proposed to be raised, is a messenger,and there
are three other messengers, maKins; four to the
Clerk's office. Three of these messengers have
already, by these various resolutions, raising the
salaries of particular incumbents in the various
messengers' offices, been provided for—some by
the House, and one by the Committee on Ac-
counts. They have been raised to $1,500 per an-
num each. The gentleman who was Superintend-
ent at the Library, a very competent and popular
man, had his salary raised to $1,500 per annum.
His successors, of course, claim the same compen-
sation. If one man gets $1,500 for the perform-
ance of the duties of an office, the successors will,
of course, claim and expect the same.
It was the same way with the reading clerk,Mr.
Walker, who was in here the last Congress, and
read for Mr. Campbell. He was allowed to receive
$1,500 a year for his services. The present reading
clerk, who has performed the same service, expects
to receive the same pay. The Committee on Ac-
counts are governed in these matters by the reso-
lutions of the House. They had instructed him,
or a majority of the committee had, to report a
resolution giving each of these officers what they
expect to receive.
Mr. BISSELL. I would inquire of the gentle-
man from Kentucky if, with reference to Mr.
Minnix, he does not, although he only ranks as
a messenger, peform more clerical duties than any
other messenger?
Mr. MASON. The duties that gentleman per-
forms are those of great importance, and involve a
good deal of responsibility.
Mr. BISSELL. But are not his duties, to a
great extent, clerical duties?
Mr. MASON. The respective duties of these
