2164
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 10,
messengers are assigned them by the Clerk of the
House. But it tarns out that they all get their
compensation raised to $>1,500, and some of them
want messengers to wait upon them. I believe
one of the messengers has a boy appointed to wait
upon him as his messenger.
The amendment to the amendment was adopted.
Mr. MASON. Is it in order to offer an amend-
ment to the amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. It is in order.
Mr. MASON. I move to strike out " $3 "and
insert " §2 50 "
The CHAIRMAN. That amendment is not
strictly in order, the committee having inserted
$3 by the adoption of the amendment of the
gentleman from South Carolina. It is not in order
to amend what has been inserted by the commit-
tee.
Mr. MASON. Would it not be in order to in-
crease the amendment?
TheCHAlRMAN. Itisnotin ordertoamend,
at all, what has been inserted by a vote of the
committee.
Mr. MASON. Then I will move a proviso to
the amendment. I move the following:
Pro rWetf, That no extra compensation shall be given atfrip.
end of the session to any of the clerks or mea>&engcis of the
House.
The CHAIRMAN. That is in order.
Mr. MASON. The Committee on Accounts
are expressly prohibited from allowing; any extra
compensation to any of the officera of the House.
But it is not only unpopular but odious to go
against this extra compensation; and 1 expect at
the end of the session to see almost every gentleman
here come up and vote for it. I will suggest that
this whole subject needs revision. You have forty-
odd clerks and messengers about the House, and
many of the messengers are expecting to receive
the pay of clerks. I will not say that Mr. Min-
nix receives full pay for the services he performs;
but it is the duty of the Clerk to apportion these
duties among the various messengers, so that no
one shall have an extra amount of labor to per-
form I do not know that this is done. I do not
know but some of them perform n larger amount
of service than they are paid for; but one thing is
certain: I have no idea that any of them would
vacate his office at his present salary; and if he
would, there are a plenty more who would be glad
of it. But what 1 wish to say is this: Of the two
hundred and thirty-one members of this House,
each one has all he can attend to m his own com-
mittee and in public, so that he could not possibly
learn the duties which are performed by each offi-
cer of the House. The law allows eight clerks
to be appointed. Speaker Cobb thought that six
were enough. But you have now forty-odd mes-
sengers and clerks connected with the House.
You have four messengers whose salaries are
raised to that of clerks; and when a messenger is
raised to the dignity of clerk he cannot undertake
to do the ordinary duties of a messenger. We
have seen that already in the messengers who are
employed to take books round to the members at
their houses. But having been raised to the dig-
nity of clerk they scatter round the public docu-
ments upon the members desks, and the conse-
quence is, that thev often do not get them at all.
That is the great difficulty in this whole matter.
You place an obstacle in the way of a proper dis-
charge of the duties by these messengers, although
it is done with the best motives. It nny be right
that they should have some extra compensation
and a little higher salary. [ would be glad if
every messenger, every clerk, every officer, and
every member of Congress, and everybody else
could have plenty of salary and plenty of money.
I would beglad to see everybody have everything:
but in representing our constituents here, who are
to pay the salaries of the officers of the Govern-
ment, we should remember that by the last Cen-
sus our ^constituents are worth on an average but
about $250 each. In Massachusetts thev are worth
butabout $200. In Kentucky about $700; but the
average is about $250.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois. I desire to say
a word or two in relation to this matter. I sun-
pose one great object is, to pay these clerks and
messengers m proportion to the service they are
required to perform, and the responsibilities their
appointment imposes upon them.
Now, sir, in relation to Mr. Minnix, I suppose
there are very few men in this House who are
aware of the responsibilities of his office. He is
required, in the first place, to take all the petitions
that are presented here and enter them in a book;
and he is then required to distribute them amongst
the several committees. In addition to that, he is
required to receive all the stationery of the House
from the contractor, and to see that it is properly
taken care of, or disposed of. There is great labor
and responsibility attaching to that office. All the
stationery of the House is under his control, and
at his disposition; and he becomes personally re-
sponsible for it. Now, I ask every gentleman
here, if there is not great labor and responsibility
attaching to the position which he is required to
fill by virtue of his appointment?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is compelled to
remind the gentleman, that the amendment before
the committee is the proviso offered by the gen-
tleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Mason,] that no
clerks or messengers shall receive any extra com-
pensation at the end of the session. The amend-
ment, on which the gentleman is speaking, is not
! now before the committee.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Well, sir, am I not show-
! ing why the proviso should not be adopted—that
in the particular instance of which I am speaking,
an extra compensation should be allowed?
The CHAIRMAN. If the gentleman makes
that application of his remarks, he is in order.
Mr. CAMPBELL. That is what I am endeav-
ering to show, that in some instances this extra
compensation should be allowed, by giving the
case of Mr. Minnix. Now, in the case of the
Librarian of Congress, I would not desire to take
anything from him, but if we are to give compen-
sation in proportion to the labor and responsibility
attaching to the office, I should say Mr. Minnix
was entitled to more pay than the Librarian. The
Librarian remains in the room, and when gentle-
men come there and desire books, they take them
out and he makes the entry. There is no great
labor or responsibility attaching to that position,
f do not suppose he performs an amount of labor
sufficient to entitle him to a salary of $1,500 per
annum. So of some of the other clerks. My
motto is, to pay men m proportion to the labor
they are required to perform, and if Mr. Minnix
does not present a case that entitles him to an
equal compensation with the other clerks, then
there is nothing in labor and responsibility which
entitles a man to a reward, for there is no station
connected with the House, to which more labor
and responsibility attaches.
The amendment to the amendment having been
reduced to writing, was read, as follows:
Proi Utcd, That officers, clerks, messengers, or employees
m or about the Capitol shall not be allowed any extra com-
pensation at the end of the session.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
The question then recurred upon the amendment
as amended.
Mr. DAWSON. This amendment as now |;
amended will exclude the pages from any extra f
compensation. I trust it will not be adopted. ;
The question was put, and the amendment as 1
amended was disagreed to.
Mr. GENTRY proposed an amendment as an [
additional section. \
Mr. HOUSTON. The amendment offered by j
the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Gentry] is a :
section by itself, and it is not in order until the !
balance of the bill has been read. The second I
section of the bill is now before the committee, I
and I now call for its reading.
Mr. GENTRY. I submit the question to the j
Chair if my amendment is not in order.
The^ CHAIRMAN. The committee read j
through the first section ofthe bill atthelastsittting j
of the committee. All the amendments that have !
been offered since that time have been offered to j
come in at the end of the first section. The gen- \
i ilt-man from Tennessee [Mr. Gentry] now sub- j
! mits an additional section, which, if adopted, will '
read section two. In the opinion ofthe Chair, the j
amendment is in order at this time.
The amendment was read, as follows: |
Sec. — Be it further enacted, That all clerks, messen- ;
| gers, watchmen, and laborers employed at an annual sal- |
ary, or m temporary positions, in the executive and legis- ]
Luive departments ofthe Government m the city of Wash- '
injfton, whose compensation does not exceed $2,000 per
annum, shall, in addition thereto, be allowed the following
annual increase of compensation, commencing from the j
first day of the last fiscal year, viz: All whose annual com- |
pensauon does not exceed $1,200, twenty per cent. ; alJ ;
whose annual compensation exceeds $1,200, and does not
exceed #1,600, an addition of fifteen per cent.: and all
whose annual compensation exceeds $l,f>00, and does not
exceed $9,000, an addition of ten per cent, j and that the
amount of increased compensation provided for in this sec-
tion shall be paid out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropuated.
Mr. GENTRY. It is not needful for me to say
anything scarcely in explanation of that amend-
ment. It proceeds upon the idea, sir, that the
facts set forth in the petition of some ofthe clerks
of the Government, here presented a few days
ago, are true—namely, that the cost of living in
the city of Washington has been very much aug-
mented. They ascribe it to the influx of gold
from California. It is not necessary for me to
go into a discussion of the causes. The fact is
unquestionable. There is not a solitary individ-
ual in this House, and there cannot be one, who
has given any attention to the subject, who can
pretend to controvert that fact. Then, unless it
can be successfully established that the compen-
sation of these employees of Government has
heretofore been too much, the conclusion inevita-
bly follows that there is an appeal to our justice,
which ought not to be repudiated, for increasing
their compensation.
There are cases, Mr. Chairman, which have
come to my knowledge, and which, were they
known to this House, would, I am sure, prevent
there being a negative vote. There are clerks in
these Denartments receiving an annual compensa-
tion of not more than $1,000, as well born, as
well bred, as intelligent, as patriotic, as honora-
ble, and as sensitive as any of us upon this floor,
and more competent to be members of Congress
than most of us. [Laughter.] I know a case of
that character, of a man in whose bosom there
beat as noble a heart as ever beat in the bosom of
man, who had recently been a member of the
Legislature of his State—a merchant in affluent
circumstances, overtaken by misfortune, and who
came here and accepted a little clerkship of $1,000
per annum, with the assurance that he would be
promoted when there was a vacancy—who had a
family of children depending upon him; but his
proud heart chafed to death under the mortifica-
tion to which his condition subjected him, and he
died without the means of a decent burial, and
his family was indebted to the charity of his bro-
ther clerks for the means of finding a place in the
bosom of his mother earth. This case is but an
illustration of things occurring monthly—almost
daily—with men of like characters, like accom-
plishments, and like business qualifications—with
men dying here, and having to be buried by the
charitable contributions given by men who have
nothing to spare.
Now, sir, this is no time for long argument or
many illustrations. Allow me to state that in my
country, if a gentleman starves his slave, it detracts
very much from his respectability among the gen-
tlemen in his neighborhood. I suppose in almost
every part of our country, if a master workman
should starve his employees and apprentices, he
would lose caste among all respectable men.
Is the United States Government so poor that
we shall starve the employees of this Govern-
ment—starve them to death, and allow them to
be indebted to the private contributions of the
charitable for burial expenses ? No man can as-
sume that there is any extravagance or profligacy
in my proposition; and if the facts are as I have
assumed them to be, it is meanness not to change
this state of things. And I repeat there is no
extravagance or profligacy involved in it. It
is a wise economy to give a fair compensation
for the governmental employees. 1 hope no one
will oppose this amendment. If the law has
wisely graduated the salaries of the different em-
ployees of the Government in the legislative and
executive departments whose salaries do not
exceed $2,000, then I think that the proportionate
increase which I propose is perhaps just, and
wise, and right. If the amendment which I offer
is adopted, a clerk who receives $1,000nerannum,
will receive $1,200; one who receives $1,200, will
receive $1,440; one who receives £1,600, will re-
ceive §1,840: and one who receives §2,000, will
receive $2,300. This is a very small increase of
expenditure to the Government, but it will give a
vast amount of relief to these employees of the
Government.
Surely, there can be no consideration urged
against a proposition like this.
