388
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 24,
several months. We could not tell when it would
be ratified. The bills were purchased in that way.
These bills were purchased in March, but the pro-
ceeds were realized in June. Upon the return of
the bills in July, the Treasury notes were issued,
but to bear interest from June, the time the money
was realized, so that the Government lost no pre-
mium, or if it did, it was made up in interest.
Then, again, the sum of §1,151,874 16 of that
cash payment was made through, bills drawn by
Major General Butler upon the Treasury herein fa-
vor of Nathan Clifford, then the Commissioner of
the United States in Mexico. Those drafts were
negotiated by Mr. Clifford, with Margous & Co.,
who paid a premium upon them of $41,107 06.
The balance of that cask payment was made by
the use of money in the military chest—military
contributions—and by turning over property of
the army to the Government of Mexico.
[Here the Chairman's hammer fell.]
Mr. HOUSTON. I think my time has not ex-
pired. I believe I have some six minutes yet.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman 's time has
fully expired, and the question is upon the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Johnson.]
Mr. DoNCAN. I have an amendment I wish
to offer.
The CHAIRMAN. It is not in order now,
there being an amendment to an amendment pend-
ing.
Mr. DUNCAN". Can I offer an amendment to
the original bill ? *
The CHAIRMAN. The two amendments
pending are to the original bill.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. I move that the
committee do now rise.
The question was then taken, and on a division
there were—ayes'91, noes not counted.
The committee accordingly rose, and the Speak-
er having resumed the chau, the Chairman of the
committee [Mr. Jones] reported that the Com-
mittee of the Whole upon the .state of the Union
had had the state of the Union generally under
consideration, and especially House hill No. 4G,
providing for the payment of the Mexican idem-
nitv, and had come to no conclusion thereon.
On motion of Mr. KiCHAKDSON", the House
then adjourned to meet 011 Monday next.
PUTFTIOXsi, &c.
The following petitions, memoiiab, &c., were? presented
undei the, nile, ami relenul to the appiopnatc committees:
Bv Mr. TCUUNS: The petition ofcitixeus of We^lnunu-
lanil county, Pennsylvania, praying for the establishment
of si direct mail Kmte from (irecusburg to \Ve>,t Newton,
in f*aid county.
By Mr. McN/YIR : Two petitions of eitizeno of Marcus
TTnok. Pylawaie comity, l'emi>\lvatua. a? km <4 for an np-
piopn.uion of $£0,000 "tor the nnpun emcnt oi thu pior*< at
llru pi'u'e.
Hy .M' HART: A petition fiom W II. .'-V.-ilii.ng and
oilier-., r'^n'ui'c in die nir of Wow Voik, an appro-
priation of a sum of money to as>j-t in (loliayuiy: e\pi«ii.M'H
in< uri<\ll>v ( .\hil)it'.r^ at the Worlds l'\ ir.
By Mi. : The petition (with map or chnil at-
tached) of Capt.un Jonas P. Li \y, a JosiuVnt of [Vow Votic
em , at-king Congress to guipr, to Jnm the u\rht uf cm i wii?
the mail, on eomhtion^ tliorein '• '{ ioith, Irom IWw Y'nic
and Neu Orleans, hy way of Vera Cruz, til': hend waters
of the, Alva, ;ido and Tonto, thence to the p<flt of J tuamleo,
and tln-nee lo Han Fi.vncir.eo. 'i'iie whole turn; fiom Now
York to S;io Praneicco \\i!) take but twenty <iavs.
H; 'i'lloMA^ M. HOWH: The petition of William
Ba;r<tiV &. (Jo., Lynn ^hoib & Co , and oilier-;, {>r!tvni;jCou-
jjro- v to anffi'iii/-' i(h-  puieiia^e of iho trmaimny inteievt of
pin ate stockholder* ni the |ioui>\ lile and Poi 'Sand Canal,
ant! the oni-rtwhon of «uoh adnitioual work as ehall he
e.ipable of pa--!?!:: b^cit- of the iaigec-t aiouml the
Falln oi the (>hio nver.
IN SENATE.
Monday, January £6, 13.>2.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. C. M. Dutleb..
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, made in compliance with a res-
olution of the Senate of the 13:h of March,
transmitting a report of the Secretary of'War!
containing information in regard to the claims of
the citi/ens of California for services rendered
and for money and property furnished in the years
lo4G and 1847, in the conquest of that country;
which was read and ordered to he on the table.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a communication from the Treasury De-
partment, transmitting a list of the conn-nets made
for light-house purposes in the year 1851, includ-
ing those previously made but not received in
time to be included in the last report of the Fifth
Auditor; which was read and referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
PETITIONS.
Mr. SHIELDS presented three petitions of res-
idents of Illinois, praying the right of way and a
donation of land for the construction of a railroad
from Shawneetown to the Mississippi river, oppo-
site to Saint Louis; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Also, the petition of residents of Hancock coun-
ty, Illinois, praying' a grant of land u> the State to
aid in the construction of the Warsaw and Peoria
and Warsaw and Rockford railroads; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Also, the memorial of the Rector and Vestry of
St. John's Church, Washington city, praying
that a sum of money paid by that Church to the
Commissioner of Public Buildings for a square of
ground, which President Monroe authorized the
Church to use as a burial ground, may be re-
funded, and that the said Commissioner may be
authorized to give the Church a deed for the iand;
which was referred to the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
Also, the memorial of Daniel Bread and other
Oneida Chiefs, praying compensation for the cap-
ture of three British gun-boats during the war of
1812; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Also, the petition of F. E. Hunt and other offi-
cers of the Army, stationed at Fort Leavenworth,
Missouri, praying that certain recommendations
of the Secretary of War in relation to rank and
command in the Army, submitted to Congress,
may not receive the sanction of that body; which
was referred to the Comnrttee on Military Affairs.
Mr. WADE presented a petition of citizens of
Ashtabula, Ohio, praying the establishment of a
telegraphic communication between Fort Inde-
pendence and the Pacific ocean; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads
Also, the proceedings of a meeting of citizens of
Canton, Ohio, lecommendmg the interposition of
the Government of the CJnited States in behalf of
the people of Hungary; which was referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. HALE presented the petition of Samuel
Knox, praying bounty land for services during the
revolutionary war; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims.
Also, a petition of citizens of Millsborough,
Pennsylvania, praying the repeal of the late law
fur the delivery of fugitives from service or labor;
and a petition of citizens of Millsborough, Penn-
sylvania, praying the abolition of slavery in the
District of Columbia.
Oi tiered. That they lie on the table.
Mr. DAVIS presented the petition of the ad-
ministrator of William Johonnoi, deceased, pray-
ing to be allowed interest on commutation pay;
which was referred to the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims.
Mr. DAVIS. I present, also, the petition of
AlbertTyler and others, who represent themselves
to be citizens of the county of St. Lawrence, in
the State of New York. They represent, that in
their opinion the construction of some artificial
mode of navigation around the Sault Ste. Marie
and the Falls of Niagara would be national works
and of great public utility; that the country has
reached m its progress a inarch of improvement
which justifies the taking up that subject now.
They believe it to he necessary, and pray that it
liiay come under the consideration of Congress.
I do not know that it is pertinent, but I will ven-
tuie to suggest that inasmuch as this is a very
grave work it would be worth while to appropri-
ate some of the public lands to accomplish the
great public, object of getting round the Falls of
Ni^ara. I movS that the petition be referred to
to the Committee on Commerce,
The petition was so referred.
Mr. GWIN presented a petition of the working
men employed at the Washington navy-yard,
praying that pensions may be allowed for long and
faithful services, and for-disability incurred in the
discharge of their duty; which was referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Also, ti joint resolution of the Legislature of
California, instructing the Senators and requesting
the representatives to use their influence and efforts
to obtain an appropriation from Congress for the
relief of J. J. Petne, Captain William Waldo, and
Charles W. Hall, for money expended in afford-
ing relief to the destitute overland immigrants,
acting under the direction of the Sacramento Relief
Company; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance, and ordered to be printed.
Also, the petition of Jonas P. Levy, proposing
to open a communication from Vera Cruz and
Alvarado, on the Gulf of Mexico, to Huatulco, oil
the Pacific, and to convey the mail between New
York and New Orleans, and San Francisco, in
twenty days; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. MASON presented the memorial of a com-
mittee of the Corporation of Georgetown, praying
an appropriation to remove obstructions in the
navigation of the Potomac river bftlow said town,
caused by the construction of the bridge connect-
ing the city of Washington with the shores of
Virginia; which was referred to the Committee for
the District of Columhia.
Mr. ATCHISON presented the petition of
Nathaniel Mothershead, praying a pension for
services rendered during the last war with Great
Britain; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. BORLAND presented the memorial of
James D. Johnson, asking to be allowed the dif-
ference of pay between that of a master and a
lieutenant in the Navy during the time he per-
formed the duty of a lieutenant while a master on
board the United States storcship "Relief;" which
was referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. DOWNS presented the petition of the heirs
of Thomas C. Lewis, praying the relinquishment
in then favor of the title of the United States to
certain lands claimed by them in the Bastrop Grant
which was referred to the Committee on Private
Land Claims.
Mr. CASS presented the petition of Johnson
Lykins, stating that he is the discoverer of certain
tin mines, and praying the passage of an actgiving
him the privilege of working them for a limited
time; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Also, the memorial of the widow of John Scol-
lay, praying a pension for the services of her hus-
band during the revolutionary war; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions.
Also, the petition of the widow of Ebenezer
Brown, praying a pension for the services of her
husband during the revolutionary war; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I have the petition of
Joel Hickman and some forty or fifty others.
They are Kentuckians, and they pray for an ob-
ject which meets my cordial approbation. It is
that the Congress and Government of the United
States may take such steps in their relations and
intercourse with foreign nations as will tend to
establish a tribunal by which questions which
have heretofore involved nations in war may be
peacefully settled by arbitration, so as to prevent
the evils resulting from war. 1 hope that it may
be received and referred, without reading, to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DAWSON presented the memorial of Wil-
liam C Darnell, against the projected improve-
ments of the General Government in relation to
certain obstructions in the Savannah river, and
recommending the construction of a ship channel
across Hutchison's Island, as the most effective
method of overcoming the obstructions known as
" The Wrecks " in the Savannah river; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Also, the petition of John J. Sykes, praying
compensation for services rendered under an ap-
pointment from the special agent of the Post Of-
fice Department for California; which was referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Mr. WADE presented the petition of Ira Rey-
nolds, complaining of the rejection by the officers
of the Patent Office, of his application for letters
patent for certain improvements in the plough and
seed drills, and praying Congress to investigate
the matter, and direct the issue of patents for so
much of his improvements as may be found to be
new and useful inventions; which was referred to
the Committee on Patents and the Patent Office.
