1300
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 7,
Mr. JQNES, of Tennessee. I ask for the yeas
«ind nays on that motion, and I wish to make an
inquiry of the Chair. If theresnoaid beforty-five
or fifty gentlemen voting for the-yeas and nays,
and none against them, will the yeas and mays be
ordered or not ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman'from Ten-
nessee is not in -order. The Chair will decide
each question of order as it arises.
The question 'was then put upon ordering the
yeas and "nays, and on. a division, there were—
ayes 26, noes'70—no quorum voting!
Mr. FICKLJN asked for tellers on the yeas
and'nays. .
■The SPEAKER. While the Chair was in the :
act of announcing- the result of the division, tellers j
•were demanded on the yeas and nays. ;
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I will withdraw my |
motion. - i
The motion was accordingly withdrawn. j
DUTY ON RAILROAD IKON. j
The SPEAKER stated as the business first in
order, Senate bill No. 185, reported from the Com- ;
mittee of the Whole House on Friday last, "for i
the relief of the Raleigh and Gaston Railroad j
Company." On the passage of this bill the pre- 1
vious question had been demanded.' t ;
Mr. STUART asked for the reading of the bill. !
The Clerk proceeded to read the bill.
-Mr. JONES, of Tennessee* I ask by what
authority the Clerk is reading that bjll ?' There
was no quorum upon the last vote, and there has
been nothing to test it since. Certainly it would
be as competent for less than a quorum to take
any question by the yeas and nays as to pass a
bill.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee will recollect that the Chair stated, that
whilst he was m the act of announcing the result
upon the demand for the yeas and nays, tellers
were calied for.
Mr. JONES. Still there is no quorum present.
The SPfcA KER. The Chair decides that the
votfr taken, or proposed to be taken, on the mo-
tion to adjourn over, had not shown conclusively
that there was not a quorum present, for. the rea-
son that the Chair wad propounding a question,
made in time, that the vote should be taken with
tellers, when the motion to adjourn over was with-
drawn. Possibly, on that vote a quorum would
have appeared, and the Chair, therefore, thinks
that the conclusion is not irresistible that theie
was not a quorum present.
.Mr. JONES. I object to doing any business
until there is a quorum.
The SPEAKER. There is no vote shown on
the Journal, the motion having been withdrawn.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georp-m. I movea call of
the House, and upon that motion I demand the
yeas and navs.
Mr. JONES. There was a motion made, that
when this IJouseadjourns, it adjourn io meet on
Monday next; upon that motion I demanded the
yeas and nays; upon that call, the Chair an-
nounced that there were twenty-six voting m the j
affirmative, and seventy odd in the negative. The !
Chair then decided that os there was no quorum !
voting, notwithstanding that, one fifth the num- ■
ber present had voted in the affirmative, the veas ;
and nays were not ordered. Now, 1 suppose, in
order to make a correct Journal, the Cleik must
state that upon thoc^ll for the yeas and nays, no
quorum voted, and the motion was then with-
drawn. ,
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is correct in i
his statement, with the single addition, that when ,
the Chair was in the act of announcing the vote,
fellers were called for, and another vote was about i
to be taken, upon the effect of which, perhapa, the
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Jokes] and the
Chair will never agree.
I he Chair begs leave to state, that when no
quorum was found voting upon the motion to ad-
journ over till Monday, in the opinion of the ,
Chair the House could not order such art adjourn-
ment. It requires a quorum to do business; and '
ic would also require a quorum to adjourn over
till Monday. Less than a quorum can adjourn from <
day to day, and less than a quorum can compel
the attendance of members. Rut upon a motion i
like that, to adjourn over, they could not make !
the order, and therefore less than one fifth of a i
quorum could not call the yeas and nays upon the {
motion. Now, while the.Chair was stating the
fact that less than a quorum' had voted, and that,
in his opinion, the yeas and nays were not ordered,
tellers were called for, and he was dividing the
House upon that call, when the motion was with-
drawn. - ' -
The Chair therefore thinks that it was not con-
clusively shown by anything in these divisions,
that a majority of the House was not present,
j However, the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Ste-
i pheks,] now moves that there be a call of the
; House, which he has a right to do, and upon that
j motion, demands the yeas and nays. The queS-
; tion is now upon ordering the yeas and nays,
j Mr. SACKETT demanded tellers to make the
; count; which were ordered; and Messrs. Sackett
! and Mason were appointed,
' The House was then counted, and the tellers
j reported—ayes 4, noes 113; the Speaker voting in
' the negative to make a quorum.
i So the yeas and nays were not ordered.
I The question was then taken upon the motion,
; that there be a call of the House, and it was not
! agreed to.
j So the House refused to order a call.
i The question then recurred on the passage of
; the bill.
- Mr. COBB. Is the bill now regularly before
the House? •
: The SPEAKER. It is.
I Mr. COBB. 1 desire the attention of the House
j j for a moment. In the first place, I would inquire
j whether the previous question has b'een called?
j! The SPEAKER. It was called by the gentle-
' man from North Carolina, [Mr. Cungman.]
■] Mr. COBB. I do not see that gentleman present;
and I am sorry that he is not, for I wanted him to
withdraw it, m order to allow me to offer an
j amendment.
i The previous question was then seconded.
' Mr. STUART. I rise to a question of order.
: I had called for the reading of the bill, and the
Clerk had commenced leading it, when he vvasin-
. tenupted by the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
| Jones,] who rose to a point of order. I ask that
the bill be now read through.
j The bill was again read through by the Clerk,
j It postpones the payment of the bonds given
> by said company for certain railroad iron import-
i' ed into the United States.
j. Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. Is a motion
; to lay the bill on the table now in order?
The SPEAKER, It is irr order,
i Mr. SEYMOUR. I make that motion.
Mr. SWEETSER. I way about to make the
same motion. I demand the yeas and nays.
!■ The yens and nays were ordered.
Mr. HENN. I would inquiie if there is an
amendment pending, making: the bill a general one?
!, The SPEAKER. There is not.
; Mr. COBB, 1 desired to propose such an
i amendment, but I could not get the opportunity.
The question was then taken, and the result
was—yeas 10, nays 74; as follows:
YEAS—Willis Allen, AHHon. John Anpleton,
i Wiilwun Applcton, Battlett, Bnell, Un^hy, Joseph Cable,
i Carder, ("handler, Clark, Joiin G. Davis', Davv-.on, Ea-t-
| man, Ficklm, Florence, Floyd, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Gil-
! ntou>, Goodrich, Grow, Hamilton, fsham G. Harris. Hart,
Ilemlncks, Henn, Hibbard, John W. Hnwo, Thomas M
Howe, Thomas Y. How, [ngcr^oll, Jves, Jenkins, John
Johnson, George W. Jones*, J. Clancy Jone*, George G.
King. PriMon Kin^, Letcher, Lookh<\rf, Mace, Mann.
Ihnnphiey Mai shall, Martin. M;t>on, McDonald, MeLana-
hais, McNuir, Moirt^on, Murray, Newton, Samuel W.
Parker, Pnaslee, Perkm<, Riddle," Kobbm^, David L. Sey-
, moni, Origon S. Seymour, Smith, Benjamin Stanton, Abr'ni
P. Steven*?, Stuan, Sweetser, Thurston, Townshend,
i Wnlbridge, Walsh, Washburn, Add-on White, and Wil-
rtnek—7u.
NAYS—Mes«r« Ahercromhie, Aiken, At-he, Thomas H.
i Bavly, Can ere, Del!. Bowie, Bowne, Bra^jj, Albeit
G. Brown, Geo. II. Brown, Thompson Uampbell. Ca^-kie,
Cha<tain, OhuiHnvell, Cleveland, Contrei, Cottman, Dan-
id. G'eorge T. D.ivis*. Doty, Duncan, Fitch, Fowler, Gny-
lord, Gorman, Grey, Harncr, Sampson W. Ham-, Ha\v&,
. Uhs<'a1 1, Ilebaul, UolUutav, Houston, Jlovv.twi, Jackson,
Andrew Johnson, l£uhn«, Landry, McMu'Un, McQueen,
IMcach'iU). Miller. MilNon, Mines„lohn Moore. Morpher.d'
, Mnrphy,Onthov,Penti,I^mmuan,Poitei, Powell, Sacked,
ScherruHihoin, SchoolciaU, SctnMer, tfnow, Stonly, Frcd-
ennkP. .Stanton, ltichatd II. Stanton, Alexander H Ste-
; phens, f?t. Matmi. Tin lor, George W. Thompson, Tuck,
1 Ward, Watkiii", Wclch, Alexander While, Wilcox, and
; Yates—74.'
i So the bill was not laid upon the table.
' Mr. HIBBARD. 1 move that the House do
i now adjourn.
j Mr. STANTON", of Tennessee. I appeal to
t the gentleman to withdraw that motion. I think
I make that motion.
I demand die veas
i we might pass the bills which have been reported
! from the Committee of the Whole House, before
we adjourn, or at least those to which there shall
' be no objection. I appeal to the gentleman to
| withdraw the motion for that purpose,
i 'Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Ia it in order to move
j that when the House adjourns, it adjourn to meet
on Monday next?
1 The SPEAKER. It is/
j Mr. BRECKINRIDGE.
| ■ Mv. JOHN W. HOWE.
; and nays upon that motion.
i The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, the result was—yeas 77, nays 72.
■ So the House agreed to adjourn over till Mon-
j day.
I The question then recurred upon the motion to
j adjourn.
1
! PENNSYLVANIA CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. ASHE. I rise to a privileged question. I
] desire that the testimony in the Pennsylvania con-
; tested election case shall be printed. The tes-
| timony was not ordered to be printed with the re-
! port of the majority of the committee upon that
| case. Now, the House could not well pass judg-
' ment upon that case unless the testimony was
, printed. I therefore make the motion to print it.
. The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ASHE. I will furthermore take this op-
■ portunity to give notice that on Thursday next, I
will call up the case for the action of the House.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I now hope
the House witl, by unanimous consent, take up
; the bills which have been reported from the Com-
i mittee of the Whole House with a favorable rec-
j ommendation, have them read over, and,if there
• be no objection, let them be entered upon the
S Journal as passed.
1 Mr. HIBBARD. If that be the understanding,
I I will withdraw the motion to ndjourn. But it is
I on the condition that no bills shall be acted upon
i to which objection shall be made,
i Mr. STANTON. That is my proposition.
! The SPEAKER. The proposition can only be
j entertained by unanimous consent.
1 Mr. CARTTER. I object. -
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. There were
■ two or three bills reported from the Committee of
the Whole the other day which have not been
acted upon in the House. If they could be em-
braced in the proposition of the gentleman from
i Tennessee, I for one would not object to it, and I
, piesume no one will.
Mr. STANTON- I embraced only those to
which no objection should be made.
Mr. SEYMOUR. Then T ahjoct.
Mr. STANTON. I hope the gentleman will
! not object-to taking; up these bills to .which no-
' body objects, and fiaving them entered upon the
: Journal as passed. It will only occupy a short
■ time. .
i Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. X object to this
iuformnl mode of doing business.
Mr. EWING. In connection with the propo-
sition just made by the gentleman from North
; Carolina, [Mr. Astie,] to print the testimony in
i the Pennsylvania election case; along with "the
: majority report, I desire to obtain leave to print the
, minority report along with the testimony. That
' report has not yet been presented, but "I under-
j stand such a report is to be made.
The SPEAKER That would bean irregular
mode of doms: business.
Mr. EWING. I know it would be irregular,
but I suppose it can be done by general consent.
[Cries of " As'recd !" tfA°ieed !"]
t Mr. HI 3BARD. I renew the motion to ad-
,journ.
Mr. JOHNSON, of .Arkansas. I ask the gen-
tleman to withdraw that motion for a moment, to
enable me to ci l' up the resohition which I offered
yesterday to provide for a recess, in order to
make arrangements in the Hall for summer.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Arkan-
j sas [Mr. Johnson] asks the unanimous consent
1 of the House to take up for consideration the
' proposition made yesterday in relation to the ad-
journment of the House from the first to the
1 fourth of June, for the purpose of cleaning' the
; Hall.
! A Voice. I object.
! The SPEAKER. Objection is made at the left
[ of the Chair.
