1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2165
Mr. DUNHAM. While I freely admit that
there is a necessity, perhaps, for some change in
the salaries paid to many of our clerks, yet I must
oppose the amendment offered by the gentleman
from Tennessee, [Mr. Gentry,] because I do not,
think it is equal and just, fn the first place, I
think there must be a general reform m the present
system of clerkships under Government. There
is no propriety and no justice in the manner in
which our clerks are at nresent engaged, and in
which they are required to labor. Go into the
Post Office Department, and I will show you in a
dozen rooms, men sitting side by side, at the same
desk, performing precisely the same duties, who
receive, some $1,000, some $1,200, and some
$1,500. And yet the gentleman proposes to in-
crease these sal dries at different rates, the highest
being twenty per cent. His proposition will
make the increase of the clerk performing thesame
duty at ^1,500 per annum, as much as the increase
of the man who receives only £1,000; for twenty
per cent, upon $1,000 will not be as much of
au increase as fifteen per cent, upon $1,500. Is
that ju^t and right? If a man cannot live here at
$1,500 per year, most assuredly a man cannot live
for $1,000; and it seems to me that you ought
to bring up the pay of those receiving the most
inadequate compensation, before you commence
increasing those receiving the higher compensation.
If a man cannot live for $2,000, or for $1,800 a
year, most assuredly he cannot live for $1,200, the
amount which is now proposed to be given to
those who now receive $1,000. It is sometimes
the case that you appropriate a certain amount of
money l\u the services of clerks in a certain De-
partment, with the intention that the clerks therein
shall receive $1,000, or $1,500 a year; and instead
of appointing sucli a number as will admit of the
payment of that salary out of the fund appropri-
ated, they appoint a great many more clerks, and
they receive but $800, $900, or $1,000.
The whole thing is wrong from the beginning
to the end. By making the salaries too large we
bring about another evil. We hold out induce-
ments to those who are mere politicians to come
here and ask for clerkships as a reward for politi-
cal services at home—men who are most unquali-
fied to perform the services which devolve upon
them. We ought rather to adopt such a system
as will i • pi en here competent to discharge the
duties of a clerk. 1 think $1,000 is too little, and
it ought to be increased; but there is no sense or
propriety in the principle of increase proposed by
the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Gentry.]
Let us first bring up the salaries which are most
moderate. I know half a dozen clerks, all receiv-
ing the same salary of $1,000. Some of them do
not save a single cent, while others of them save
something out of the $1,000. The difference arises
in their habits.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi. 1 move to
amend the amendment by increasing the salary
from twenty to twenty-five per cent, of those
clerks receiving less than $1,500.
I would not. Air. Chairman, participate in this
discussion, out that I feel it a matter of duty to
those wno have appealed, I was about to say, to !
the liberality, but I will say, to the justice of the 1
Government. I feel, sir, that these clerks—es-
pecially those occupying subordinate positions—
are in the present state of affairs very inadequately
compensated. I have some experience in the
matter of housekeeping in the city of Washing-
ton, and I come forward to bear my willing testi-
mony to the fact that no genteel family numbering
half a dozen persons can subsist in this city upon
$1,000. In my judgment, it is utterly impossible
for them to do it. Why, sir, do gentlemen know
what is the cost of marketing m Washington?
Those who are not housekeeping do you know
that the article of beef is selling in market for from
fifteen to eighteen cents per pound; that chickens
are selling; at forty, and even as high as fifty cents
the pair; and that everything else has been, and is
now, selling at like proportion ? How is it pos-
sible that a housekeeper can pay his rent and
market for his family upon $1,000? You may
say, it is true, that "these clerks can go away.
Many of them are so poor that they cannot get
away.
I assert again, that many of these clerks cannot
got away if they were disp ^sed to leave. And is
it the policy of this Government to crowd your
public offices' with men incompetent to discharge
their duties? Is it the policy of your Government
to bring men here and then put them upon the
pauper list? A man who lives in the country and
who is in the habit of keeping his family at cheap
rates of living, knows but little of what the cost
of subsistence in a city is until he has once tried
it. The man who comes here is entitled to suffi-
cient to enable him to live, not extravagantly, but
to live at least respectably. Gentlemen may say
that they are not bound to support the extrava-
gance of the family of a clerk. Is it the policy of
the Government to crowd your offices with young
men who are notoriously more neglectful of then
duty than married men? They have the endear-
ments of their family around them. They stay
at home when they are not engaged m the public
service, and have additional inducements to go to
their work. That is my experience in the opera-
tions of life, and feeling, as I do, from my obser-
vation and knowledge of affairs in Washington,
that these clerks ought to have an increase of their
compensation, I will vote for this proposition with
a great deal of pleasure. I am not willing to make
it permanent, because I do not know but that in
the course of twelve months things will come back
to what they weie two or three years ago, and
this increased compensation may not be neces-
sary. But I believe there is a necessity for it
now, and so believing I am willing to support the
amendment.
Mr. FOWLER. Mr. Chairman, I am opposed
to this and all amendments upon the subject, and
1 take the ground in the outset, that these salaries
are high enough now. 1 wili take the fiuther
ground, that if we raise the salaries of clerks m
the city of Washington, we should raise them in
the cities of Boston, New York, Philadelphia,
Richmond, and New Orleans, and everywhere else.
If the cost of living here has increased it has in-
creased in every city and every village in the land.
If salaries are not sufficient here, they are not suf-
ficient in all the other places where clerks are em-
ployed. If California gold5 sir, has increased the
cost of living in this city, it nas had the same in-
fluence elsewhere—everywhere—east, west, north,
and south.
Gentlemen have spoken of their experience in
housekeeping in Washington. I have a prece-
dent, therefore, for alluding to that subject. Dur-
lngthelast Congress, I was a boarder, and boarded
in two of the best houses I could find m Wash-
ington, and lived well enough. But during this
session I have been a housekeeper, and have lived
better than I did during the last Congress. And
I can say the salary is ample. The salary of a
member of Congress, which is about $700 for the
short, and about $2,000 for thelongsession—aver-
aging about $1,500 a year—notwithstanding the
many expenses to which he is subject, is ample.
As members of Congress, it is our business to
serve the country, not to acquire riches. I am
aware that the prices of living here are high; but
high as they are, if gentlemen will practice fru-
gality, economy, and temperance, and not be ex-
travagant in their outlays, they may live well in
Washington, as housekeepers, and lay up $500
upon a salary of $1,500; and then do better, vastly
better, than nine tenths of our constituents do all
over the country. If the clerks, and other em-
ployees of the Government, are not satisfied with
their present positions, there are thousands upon
thousands who would rejoice to take their places,
and even to pay a handsome percentage for the
privilege.
In regard to this matter of raising salaries, let
us come right up and take the bull by the horns,
[laughter,] and look at it as a whole. If the sal-
ary of the President of the United States, and the
secretaries, and the judges, and all the other offi-
cers, ought to be raised, let us do it; but let us not
begin with these clerks in Washington. Let us
take the whole subject up, and if it needs revis-
ion, let us make that revision in a bill brought in
for the purpose, and embracing a system that will
touch every part of the country. Sir, we need
economy; we need frugality; we need temperance
here in Washington, and elsewhere, and every-
where, and the rulers should set the example.
The salaries are high enough in my judgment. I
go against nil this special legislation for the pur-
pose of accommodating a few gentlemen. I am
willing to say that these clerks ought to be well
paid. I know that some of them are men of
worth—men of laborious habits. They serve the
country well. I do not know but that this is true
of most of them.
If their salaries ought to be raised, t say again,
let us regulate them in a bill brought in for that
purpose, and not in this partial and hasty manner j
let us act with due consideration; not under the
influence of sympathy raised by the eloquence of
my honorable friend, who always speaks with
such fdcinating power; 1 allude to the honorable
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Gentry.] I
wish I had his strong voice, and his power of illus-
tration and ofimpression, that I mightreach every
ear in this Hall. I am sure it would not 6e in
vain, with such power, to plead in this presence
the cause of justicc and right, and to conjure the
representatives of the people, to look well to the
rights and interests of the people.
1 will maintain the principles of justice and right,
in their application to all men—especially to°the
frugal and the industrious. The men who labor
with their hands upon the soil, in the workshops
and the factories, ten and twelve hours aday, should
first receive the favor of this House, rather than
those who are occupied five or six hours in the
bureaus of this city.
The question was then put, and the amendment
of Mr. Brown was disagreed to.
Mr. DEAN. I move the following proviso, by
way of amendment to the amendment:
Prodded, That this section shall not extend to any per-
son receiving a t-alary for dKchaigmg the duties of more
th.ui one oflice at the same time, or to any pers-on who does
not ae'uallv discharge the d'llies of the office tor which he
leenves Mich salan, or to any person engaged in prose-
cuting any elaun beiore any of the Departments or Con-
gre-- ; ami that in cane anv paying or act ounting officer of
ihe Government t-hall pay ^,u<l additional poreeniage to
any such peison.it -hall he a misdemeanor in the person
know nigh paying or receiving Mich additional percentage,
ren(l''jii)i{ hnn liable to mdu-linent, and punishment by fine
and impn-onment.
Mr. Chairman, I am not disposed strongly to
resist the proposition of the gentleman from Ten-
nessee, [Mr. Gentry,] to add to the remuneration
of the clerks who are legitimately engaged in the
various departments of tiie Government. I have
no doubt there maybe instances where thatremu-
neiation should be increased; and if the section
can be so guarded that the heads of Departments
and of Bureaus cannot further abuse the power
i.ow m their hands, I shall vote for it. If I am
correctly informed,however,there are individuals
now, pets of the heads of Departments, who, in
the face of laws which have been passed, com-
mencing in 1842, and reenacted year after year
since, are receiving the salaries of at least three
offices, the duties of none of which they adequately
dischaige.
Mr. GENTRY. I know the objection which
the gentleman states is an objection with many,
and, as a consequence, an argument for voting
against this additional compensation; but we can-
not correct, executive abuses. It is our duty to
put it m the power of the Executive Government
to do right, and to impeach them if they do
wrong.
Mr. DEAN. I want to guard the proposition
of the gentleman, so that no head of a Department
of this Government, or head of an executive Bu-
reau, can pay to his sons, nephews, cousins, or
favorites, salaries to the amount of $2,000, $3,000,
or $1,000 each. By the passage of the gentle-
man's proposition without a provision of the char-
acter I have indicated, we shall increase the sala-
ries of these pets to a greater extent. If there be
any proper object for the increase of the salaries,
it is to enable those men permanently engaged as
clerks in the various departments of the Govern-
ment in this city with families, to support them
with respectability; it is not forthe purposeof in-
creasing salaries, but to reword labor adequately,
and for that only can I support it.
Another abuse will be corrected by that pro-
viso, very prevalent, I am informed, in the Depart-
ments—the allowing of persons to take a clerk-
ship at four dollars per day, who hire, for the
discharge of its duties, other individuals atone dol-
lar per day, while they spend their time around the
hotels, the gambling houses, or the lobbies of Con-
gress to press claims through* here or smuggling
them through the Departments. My provision is
designed to reach cases of that kind. If there be
any, it will prevent their continuance and repetition
If there be none,there will be no harm in the adop-
tion of the amendment. It is intended, also, no?
only to reach those paying, but those receiving two
