1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1301
Mr. JO-HNSON. I rise to a point of order. I
do not know, nor do 1 care,-who it is thatobjects;
but I wilt say this, that I know the objection kills
all movements in this matter. But the point of
order I make is this; whether there is any author-
ity or right under the rules.of this House for any-
body to be recognized at all, in making an objec-
tion, unless he rises in his seat, and shows his
face? It js outrageous, that gentlemen who "will
not take the responsibility of doing- an act, should
thus object, without making themselves known.
I demand whether they can be recognized by the
Chair, or in any way be noticed, unless they
rise in their seats, and let themselves be distinctly
known.
Mr. .1. W. HOWE. I insist upon the objec-
tion upon my feet.
Mr. JOHNSON. And I'hope the Chair will
enforce it upon all occasions, that, when gentle-
men object hereafter* they shall got up and show
their face in doing so. j
Can f move to suspend the rules? i
The SPEAKER. Such a motion is not in order j
except on Mondays. ;
Mr. FOWLER. I move that the House ad- |
journ. |
Mr. STUART. I wish to raise a question j
for the consideration of the Chair. I hope the
gentleman will withdraw his motion. !
Mr. FOWLER., I withdraw it. J
Mr. STUART. I wish to make an inquiry of j
the Chair, in connection with this proposition for |
adjournment. The Chair will recollect that when
the House adjourned on yesterday, we had tins '
resolution in "regard to the cleansing the House ,
under consideration, introduced by the unanimous 1
consent, and I inquire of the Chair whether it is
not the business in order ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair decide* that it is |
not in order, and will, in support of his decision, :
read the twenty-ninth rule of the House: j
"Friday and Saturday, in every week, shall bo set apart j
for the fonxideration of private Ml-' and private business, ;
in preference to auv other, unless otherwise determined by
a majority of the /louse.,5 . !
Now, if the House were to dispose of ail this j
private business, and also the question in regaid to \
the spoliation bill, that resolution would be m i
order. j
Mr. STUART, Is it not in order, then, under j
that rule, to move to take up that resolution for ■
consideration ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is not in ;
order. j
Mr. STUART. Does not the last clause of
that rule say, " unless otherwise determined by a
majority of this House?"
Mr. POLK. I appeal from the decision of the
Chair, "for the purpose of getting at this business.
The SPEAKER. "Unless otherwise^ deter-
mined by a majority of the House;" thaf is tosay,
unless a majority of the House determine to go
into committee on other business, and it does not
apply to this case. The Chair is very clear about
it, and thinks it is not applicable to this case.
Mr. STUART. I am under obligation to the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Fowler] to
rehew the motion to adjourn, and I do so.
The question was taken on the motion, and it
was agreed to;
And the House adjourned to meet on Monday
next.
I^T SENATE.
• Monday, May 10, 1852. i
Prayer by the Rev. Littleton F. Morgan. j
Mr. BELL presented the petition of citizens of [
Baton Rouge, Louisiana, praying the establish- j
ment of a daily line of mail-steamers between j
Louisville and New Orleans; which was referred ,
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post \
Roads. j
Mr. JAMES presented a memorial of inhabit- '
ants of the coasts of New Jersey and Long |
Island, praying an appropriation for the protec- !
tion, preservation, and superintendence of the life- ;
boats and apparatus, placed by the Government j
on th.e coast, for the preservation of life and prop- j
erty from shipwreck; which was referred to the '
Committee on Commerce. ;
Mr. JAMES also presented the documents in j
favor of an appropriation of §1,000 to test the |
1 apparatus of Wilson & Meacham, for illuminating
1 light-houses; which were referred to the Commit-
1 tee on Commerce.
' Air. FELCH presented the petition of Anthony
' Ten Eyck, late United States Commissioner to
} the Sandwich Islands, praying additional compen-
sation; which was referred to the Committee on
■ Foreign Relations. -
Mr. HUNTER presented the memorial of M.
F. Mriury, of the Navy; praying the establish-
■ ment of a line of mail steam-ships from Norfolk
or Charleston, to Para, at the mouth of the Ama-
, zon, to connect with a line running" thence to-Rio
de Janeiro; which was referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
A motion by Mr. Hunter to print the above
petition, was referred to the Committee on Printing.
Mr., SEWARD presented the petition of the
heirs-at-law of Derrick Schuyler, an ensign in the
Army of the Revolution, praying to be allowed
i depreciation on commutation' certificates: which
was referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
1 Claim.-.
Also, the petition of the heirs-at-law of Nicholas
; Schuyler, a surgeon m the Army of the Revolu-
tion, piaying to be allowed depreciation on com-
| mutation certificates; which was referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
i Mr. MALLORY presented the petition of the
heirs of John S. Budd, praying to be allowed the
five years' full pay to which said Budd was enti-
tled for his services in the war of the Revolution;
which was referred to the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims.
Mr.* UNDERWOOD presented the petition of
Samuel Winston, administrator of Thomas'Mar-
tin, deceased, praying to be allowed the difference
between the pay of a lieutenant and that of a cap-
tain m the Virginia Continental line of the army,
during the revolutionary war: which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. BUTLER. I ask leave to present the peti-
tion of the heirs of William Hazzard Wigg, of
South Carolina, asking compensation for the ser-
vices of his grandfather, a major in the revolu-
tionary army. I do not know that this would be
the propei occasion to say anything on the .sub-
ject of the petition, further than to commend it to
the attention of the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims. The petitioner is the grandson of one of
fhe most uncompromising of the patriots of the
Revolution. His grandfather was one of those
who were on board of a prison-ship when they
received the information that they were held as
hostages and would be executed in retaliation for
any executions which should take place by Gen-
eial Gi gene's army; and he was one of those who
signed a paper asking General Greene to go on
and do ins duty, irrespective of those consequen-
ces. I hope the petition will claim the early at-
tention ofthe Committeeon Revolutionary Claims,
to which I ask that it may be referred.
It was so referred.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, presented the petition
of John H. C. Meyer, praying that a sum of
money paid by him for land and not subject to
entry, may be refunded with interest; which was
refened to the Committee on Pubhc Lands.
Mr. CASS presented the petition of Henry Al-
len, a pensioner of the United States, praying to
be allowed arrears of pension; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions. >
Mr. DRADBURY presented a petition of citi-
zens of Wisconsin, praying the reorganization of
the circuit and district courts of the United States,
and remonstrating against the memorial of the
Legislature of Wisconsin, asking for a restriction ;
of the jurisdiction of these courts; which was re- j
ferred <o the Committee on the Judiciary. j
Mr. CLEMENS presented a petition of citizens j
nf Georgetown, in the District of Columbia, pray- i
ing the construction of abridgeacrossthePotomac j
river, at some point westof the Alexandria Aque- i
duct; which was referred to the Committee on the ;
District of Columbia.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, it was
Ordered, That tiio petition andpapers of Adair; D. Stuart,
late a paymaster in the Army, on the files of the Senate,
be reieirod to the Committee on Claims.
REPORT FROM A STANDING COMMITTEE.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to which were referred the several memo-
rials praying to be, allowed "fishing bounty-on
wrecked vessels, submitted a report, accompanied
by a biil for (lie relief of the owners of the schoon-
ers. Ursula, Forester, Grampus, and Slephen C.
Phillips; which was read and passed to the second
reading. The report was ordered to be printed.
seamen's hospital' money*
Mr, SUMNER submitted the following resolu-
tion; v;]'ueh was agreed to: ' - r
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be directed
to consular the expediency of abolishing, by law, the exac-
tion of twenty cents from the monthly wages of seamen in
the, merchant service of the United States, and of boatmen
on the western waters, constituting what is called " Hos-
pital money," so that whoa sick or disabled they may enjoy
their present privileges at the marine hospitals, without the
present tax.
LIEUTENANT D ERIiY'S REPOR.T.
Mr. WELLER submitted the following resolu-
tion; winch was agreed t'o:
Resolved, That the Secietary of War be directed to com-
municate to the Senate a copy ol the reconnaissance ofthe
Guti ©'"California and the Colorado river, madeiri 1850and
1831, by Lieutenant Derby, of the corps of-Topographical
Engineers, together with a copy of the report made by said,
officer to the Depaitnient, in relation to the Tulare Lake
and its vicinity.
, JCDTCr-AL SALARY.
Mr. PISH submitted the following resolution;
which*was agreed to:,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be directed
to uiquiie into the propriety of increasing the salary of the
judge of the United State?* for the noithern district of New
York-
OUTRAGES ON SPANISH SUBJECTS.
Mr. MALLORY submitted the following reso-
lution; which was agreed to: -
Resolved, That the Committee on Foreign Relations be
in^tHict<1d lomqtnre into the propnety of authoring the
President of the United States to have investigation made*
whether any Spanish subjects, not citizens of the-United
States, have sustained damage, by Joss of property or other-
wise, in consequence of public outbreak-or violence in the
State of Louisiana, growing out of the, iate Cuban expedition;
and into the propriety of authorizing the President to make
indemnity to the Spanish Government tor such Spanish sub-
jects for said damage.
Mr. MALLORY. I deem it proper' to say a
word in explanation of the resolution.
The PRESIDENT. It has been adopted.
Mr. MALLORY. Precisely so; but i wish to
direct the attention of the Senate more particularly
to it. If, however, it is not in order I will not go
on.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator can proceed
by unanimous consent.
Mr. MALLORY. The resolution is in terms
precisely such a one as I had the honor to intro-
duce a short time ago in reference to certain out-
breaks, or alleged outbreaks, in Florida. Jf the
members of the .body were not sufficiently in-
formed of the origin, character, and results of cer-
tain occurrences which took place in New Orleans
and in Florida immediately after the late Cuban
expedition, I would refer them to a demand which
Spain has recently made upon this country for in-
demnity in favor of certain of her citizens—a de-
mand which I think appeals strongly to the atten-
tion of the body. W ithout expressing any opin-
ion as to the propriety of the demand, or the
character of the outbreaks—as I do not desire to
entertain the attention of the Senate long—I will
nssume that a treaty of amity and commerce has
existed between Spain and the United States from
179o to the present moment; that under the thir-
teenth article of that treaty, the citizens and sub-
jects of Spain, and the citizens of, the United
Stater*, are secured and guarantied in the right to
move into the Teiritories of either Power, for Lhe
purpose of carrying on trade or commerce, or oth-
erwise. I will assume that citizens of the United
State* have removed into Spain for this purpose,
and that Spanish subjects have removed and are
still residing in parts of the United States for sim-
ilar purposes. I will assume, further, that a body
of Spanish subjects residing within the territorial
jurisdiction of the United States, without any de-
sign of throwing off their allegiance to their
crown—without any design of becoming Ameri-
can citizens, weie assailed, their property de-
stroyed, and then* lives endangered, and that they
were compelled, by flight, to consult that safety
which tiif- laws of this country were unable to
throw around them.- I will assume, further* that
their property was thus destroyed, and their lives
thus endangered—not because they had violated
any law of this country; not because they had
