1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
389
Mr.UPHAM presented a resolution of the Le-
gislature of Yermont, requesting the Senators and
Representatives of that State in Congress to use
all proper exertions to procure the effectual sup-
pression of the slave trade.
Ordered, That it lie on the table and be printed.
Mr. PEARCE presented a memorial of under-
writers and merchants of Baltimore, Maryland,
praying that the salary of the district judge of the
United States at Key West may be increased;
which was referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
He also presented a memorial of John F.-Gil-
pin and other creditors of the late Republic of
Texas, praying the enactment of such a law as
will enable them to obtain payment of their claims
against that Republic at the Treasury of the United
States*, which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. GWIN presented a resolution of the Le-
gislature of California, in favor of an appropria-
tion for compensating Nathaniel McMenafee for
the relief extended by him to the destitute over-
land emigrants to that State; which was referred
to the Committee on Finance and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. MASON presented the petition of Bancroft
Woodcock, praying an extension of his patent for
an improvement in the construction of the plough;
which was referred to the Committee on ^Patents
and the Patent Office.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. McRAE, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of 'he "West Feliciana Rail-
road Company, on the files of the Senate, be refeired to
the Committee on Finance.
On motion by Mr. NORRIS, it was
Ordered, That the documents on the files of the Senate
relating to the claims of the legatees of Thomas D. Ander-
son, be referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
On motion by Mr. PEARCE, it was
Ordered, That John McCoIgan have leave to withdraw
Ins petition and papers.
On motion by Mr. SOULE, it was
Ordered, That the petition of N. Paillct, on the files of
the Senate, be refeired to tSie Committee of Claims.
On motion by Mr. SHIELDS, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of George Talcotf, presented
the 11th December la&t, be referred to the Committee on
Military Affaiia.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. FOOT, from the Committee on Pensions,
to which was referred the petition of Hugh W.
Dobbin, submitted an adverse report; which was
read.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the petition of Brinton Paine, sub-
mitted an adverse report; which was read.
He also, from the same committee, to which
were refeired the documents in suppoit of the claim
of Samuel Crapin, submitted an adverse rejjort;
which was read.
Mr. WADE, from the Committee of Claims, to
which was referred the memorial of the heirs and
executors of Samuel Prioleau, submitted an ad-
verse report; which was read.
On motion by Mr. WALKER, it was
Oidered, That the Committee on Revolutionary Claims
be discharged from the mrthei consideration of the petition
of Martha Gray, and that it be referred to the Committee on
Public Land":.
Mr. BORLAND, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to which was referred, the :29th December, n
resolution in relation to printing a geological report
of Dr. D. D. Owen, reported the same with an
amendment.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ment; and in concurrence therewith,
Resolved, That five thousand fi\ehundicd copies of the
repoit oi Di. I)- I). Owen on the Geology of Iowa, Wiscon-
sin and Minnesota, be printed, in accordance with the reso-
lution of the Senate atifelabt session, icquuni? the same
to bo printed under the direction of the Commissioner of
the Geneial Land Office; and that live hundred copies of
the same be lot the use of the General Land Office ; two
hundted copies to be given to Dr. Owen, and three hun-
dred copie> to the Smithsonian Institution for distubution.
Mr. BADGER, from the Committee on Naval
AiTaits, to which was referred a bill for the relief
of M. K. "Warrington and C. W. J. Chubb, ex-
ecutors of Captain Lewis Warrington, reported
the same without amendment, and submitted a
report on the subject, which was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, from the Committee on
Pensions, to which was referred the petition of
Francis P. Gardiner, submitted a report, accom-
panied by a bill for her relief.
The bill was read and passed to the second read-
ing.
Ordered, That the report be printed.
Mr. BORLAND, from tha Committee on
Printing, to which was referred, on the 22d in-
stant, a motion by Mr. Hale, " that two thou-
sand additional copies of the charges and specifi-
cations before a court of inquiry against William
K. Latimer, a Captain m the Navy of the United
States, and theaccompanyingpapers," which were
ordered to be printed for the use of the Senate,
reported thereon.
The Senate proceeded to consider the motion;
and,
On motion by Mr. ATCHISON, it was
Ordered. That the further consideration thereof be post-
poned untii to-moriow.
Mr. ATCHISON, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to which was referred the bill for the
relief of William A. Richmond, reported it with
an amendment.
Mr. BRADBURY, from the Committee oil the
Judiciary, to which was referred the hill concern-
ing the sessions of the courts of the United States
in the district of Delaware, reported it without
amendment.
Mr. JAMES, from the Committee on Patents
and the Patent Office, to which was referred the
petition of Zebulon Parker, reported a bill for his
relief; which was read and passed to the second
reading. '
Mr. WHITCOMB, from the Committee of
Claims, to which was referred the petition of
Mary R. Reriner, submitted areport, accompanied
by a bill for the relief of John F. Callan, admin-
istrator of Daniel Renner, deceased.
The bill was read, and passed to the second
reading.
Ordered, That the report be printed.
Mr. DOWNS, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, to which was referred the petition
of T. H. MoManus, reported a bill to authorize
T. H. McManus to enter by preemption certain
lands on the Greensbury land district, Louisiana;
which was read and passed to the second read-
ing.
Mr. BADGER, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported a bill to enforce discipline and
promote good conduct in the naval sexwice of the
United Stotes; which was read and passed to the
second reading.
ADDITIONAL COMMITTEE CLERK.
The Senate proceeded to consider the resolution
reported by Mr. Walker the 22d instant, to
authorize the Committee on Revolutionary Claims
to employ a clerk.
Mr. WALKER. I will simply state that 1 re-
ported that resolution m accordance with the unan-
imous instruction of the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims. To that committee a cleric is
absolutely necessary, in consequence of the in-
crease of the matter that comes before them. They
have much correspondence to attend to, and there
is necessarily some traveling, in which they re-
quire the assistance askedfor, if it is contemplated
that they shall get through their business.
Mr. HALE! I want to suggest whether it
would not be advisable, as a matter of economy,
for the Senate to adopt the suggestion of Dr. Frank-
lin as to the barrel of pork) and say the blessing
over the whole barrel at once. Would it not be
better to introduce a general i esolutionr
Mr. WALKER. I may make a statement by
the authority of the committee. There are mat-
ters now before the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims, involving about four millions and a quar-
ter of dollars. Every case before that committee i
would, perhaps, if submitted to a court of justice, ;
be an intricate and litigated lawsuit. We ha\e:
to examine these matters; they involve in many |
instances an examination into the m'ost minute 1
portions of the history of the Revolution. To get '
papers from the departments, and have them prop- <
erly certified, involves an amount of labor which '
I aminchned To think few committees in this body ,
are called upon to perform. If these claims are to
be reported upon in proper time, and in a proper
manner, it is necessary that the committee should
have a clerk. These are the considerations which
have influenced the committee.
The resolution was adopted.
! NOTICE OF A BILL.
i Mr. CLEMENS gave notice that he should ask
' leave to introduce a bill to extend the benefit of the
| act to regulate intercourse with the Indian tribes,
j and to preserve peace on the frontiers, approved
. the 3d of June, 1834, to the people of the State of
! Texas, and otheis.
i
BILL INTRODUCED*
Mr. WHITCOMB, agreeably to previous no-
tice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill
granting the right of way and making a grant of
! land to the States of Indiana, Illinois, and Jowa,
| in aid of the construction of a railroad from the
I Wabash to the Missouri river: which was lead
! and passed to a second reading.
! BRIGADIER GENERAL TALCOTT.
j Mr. SHIELDS submitted the following resolu-
; tion for consideration; which was agreed to:
Is Resolved, That the Secretary of War be icquested to
!' transmit to the Senate a copy of a leftei from lirigadier-Gen-
| eial Talcott to Colonel I>. linger, dated November J, 1850,
! the purport of which was stated in the pioeeedings, but the
j oiigaal lettei was not lound until alteiwarda and for-
warded to the War Department by Colonel linger.
j MISSION TO EASTERN ASIA.
: Mr. CLARKE submitted the following resolu-
j linn for consideration; which was agreed to:
' Resolved. That the President of the United States be re-
quested to communicate to the Senate, if not incompatible
i with the publu* intere.-t, the report of Mr. UalJastier, late
1 Consul at fchrujapoto. upon his minion to Eastern Asia,
together with such or Ins eorit^poudeuee and repoits, inclu-
j ding hi.-. negotiations with the Sultan of Borneo, as may bo
j deemed oi public interest.
| land claims in california,
j Mr. GWiN submitted the following resolution
i for consideration; which was agreed to:
, Resolved That th" Se< iclary of the Interior bp directed
, to eotnmuniean* to the Senate a ropy of t,ueh inMruetiona
j a«?jnay havf linen given hy the Depaiiment to 1he eomtnis-
' mo!!'4!? appointed pursuant to the act of Congress approved
yd March, IS.?I, entitled '• An act to ascertain and settle the
private land claims' in the State of California," with a copy
of such msti actions as may have been transmitted to tho
Survejor Geneial of Calilonua m connection with the sub-
ject.
MARY W. THOMPSON.
The Senate proceeded to consider, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, the bill for the relief of
Mary W. Thompson; and,
On motion by Mr. JONES, of Iowa, it was
Grdcu-d, That the fmther consideiatiou thereof be post-
poned to Friday ne.xt.
NON-INTERVENTION.
The Senate proceeded to consider, as iu Com-
mittee of the Whole, the resolution some time
since offered by Mr. Clarke, reaffirming the doc-
trine of non-intervention; and,
| On motion by Mr. CLARK, it, was
i; Ordered, That the fmther consideration thereof be jiost-
i poned to Wednesday, the 4th of February next, and that it
j! be made the special order fur that day.
I! MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
I A message from the House of Representatives,
! by Mr. Fo'rvey, its Clerk, was read:
| Mr. Prkmijknt: The Rpeakei of the House of Kcpre-
r eentatn eb havi«i  M?ued two enrolled bills, I am directed to
| bring them to the Senate for the sic;natuieof its President.
; The PRESIDENT pro lem. signed the two en-
| rolled bilk this day reported to have been exam-
j med, nnd they were delivered to the committee to
I be presented to the President of the United States.
| They are as follows:
j An act for the relief of Edward Everett, late a
j sergeant in the United States Army; and
j An act for the relief of the Virginia Woolen
| Company.
| ENGROSSED BILLS PASSED.
j The following engrossed bills and joint resolu-
: tions were severally read a third time and passed:
; A bill for the compensation of James W. Low
| and otheis for the capture of the British private
| armed schooner " Ann," during the late war with
j Great Britain;
! A bill for the relief of the children of Captain
Erastuv A. Capron;
A bill granting a pension to Elizabeth Monroe;
A bill to provide for the final settlement of the ac-
counts of Jonathan Kearsley, late receiver of pub-
lic moneys at Detroit, and oi John Biddle, late
[\ register of the land office at that place;
A bill for the relief of James Dunning'-;
A bill for the relief of Julia Aiken;
