2166
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 10,
salaries. There is an express law, passed in 1850,
prohibiting any person from receiving two salaries i
except the Superintendent of Public. Buildings. I :
understand the Attorney General, the law officer
of this Administration, has given it as his opinion
that there is no objection whatever to the giving
of a man two salaries. How he could give such
an opinion I cannot understand. The Secretary
of State and the Attorney General, within the last
year, have given their certificate to a man as en-
titled* to #3,000 fordoing nothing, or discharging
the duties of an office which did not exist, while
he was at the same time receiving $2,500 for an-
other office. I desire to haye it provided by law
that any person who shall receive more than one
salary shall be liable to indictment. That is the
only way in which the evil can be eradicated. If
my amendment be adopted, I am willing, as a tem-
porary expedient, to vote for this or some increase
of compensation. I believe the expenses of living
have increased here as well as in other places; hut
still, sir, it will be an unpleasant matter for us to
meet our constituents, and to tell them we are I
voting increased salaries to clerks in Washington,
whilst clerks in the various offices of our counties
receive only $500 salary, and yet lay up a portion
of that. This amendment should not apply to
young men, who have no families, receiving a
salary exceeding $1,000 per annum. If that will j
not support them, I fear their expenses are not such I
as we should countenance or encourage. i
Mr. GORMAN. I am opposed to this amend- j
roent. I have had occasion to look into the opin- ]
ion of the Attorney General upon the subject of j
paying the officers of the Government, when they j
perform the duties of two offices. I had occasion i
m the last few days to present the question before 1
the Second Comptroller of the Treasury, and give
my views, humble as they were, at some length. !
The Second Comptroller decided, as indeed the j
former Comptroller has decided, that no person, I
under the existing law, can receive pay in two '
capacities. He has decided, if a clerk or other
officer of the Government shall perform the duties
of any other trade or office, that he cannot there-
by get the additional pay. That decision has
been made, I say, by the Comptroller, and the
Comptroller of the Treasury 1ms overruled, to
some extent, the decision of the Attorney General
heretofore made. But the Attorney General has
not decided the point in the manner in which the
gentleman states it. He has decided thai an indi-
vidual cannot draw the pay for two offices; but
where a person is in any office, and is detailed to
the discharge of other duties not incompatible
with the duties of that office, he may receive pay
for the duties to which he is detailed. While \
am upon the subject of salaries generally, I may
be permitted to remark that the salaries of our
clerks have not been regulated for the last twenty
or twenty-five years in the main. Rents have in-
creased greatly in the city of Washington—prop-
erty has increased in value greatly—the cost of
livinp- has increased greatly, and there is nothing
which enters into the constituent elements of the
expenses of a person living m Washington city
but what in the main has increased. I am not to
be told that an individual upon a salary of $1,000
in the city of Washington can live and save any-
thing for his family. He cannot educate his chil-
dren, keep his family, and pay his rent upon
$1,000 a year and save onepenny. He cannot do
it upon §1,200, with an ordinary sized family.
The amendment of the gentleman from Tennes-
see [Mr. Gentry] proposes to increase the small
salaries to the greatest amount—say twenty per
cent, to the large salaries. I think that where
they are $2,000 they ought not to be increased at
all, because the expense of living, the cost of
house rent, and other expenses of living in the
city of Washington, are as much to the $1,000
clerk as they are to the #2,000 clerk; and although
the spirit of economy may get into this House,
and may induce it to do injustice 
Mr. 'McMULLIN. I understand that the
watchmen only receive $500 per annum. Why
not let them live, as well as the clerks ?
Mr. GORMAN. The gentleman's question
answers itself. In every instance where the
watchmen do not get more than $500, there ought
to be a pro rata increase. By this amendment ;
they get twenty per cent, increase. I say that in
all cases where these salaries have not been touched
for twenty years, they ought to be increased, and
the good sense and judgment of the House will
bear me out.
Mr. HALL. Why is it, that all these em-
ployees of the Government should have their sal-
aries increased, and the members of Congress,
whose expenses are much heavier, shall not have
their salaries increased? No one proposes to in-
crease their salaries.
Mr. GORMAN. The gentleman's mileage from
the State of Missouri would pay for half of the
messengers, or half of the clerks almost, in one of
these Departments for a year.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Dean's
amendment; and upon a division there were—ayes
83, noes not counted.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I offer the fol-
lowing amendment to the amendment;
That twenty percent be added to the per diem or monthly
pay now received by all employees of tiie Government, who
are<mg<igfdin any branch (>f mechanics or at conMrmn k\kor.
Mr. Chairman, we have witnessed various
amendments which have been offered here with
the view of increasing and extending the salai y of
everybody connected with the Government, save
the man who labors and produces. The man who
wears the dinge of the shop or or dust of the field
upon his garments is never thought of or cared for
by this House, except upon occasions when the
Government needs taxes. When the Government
needs men to fight its battles, then it calls upon this
description of persons; but when money is to be
voted out of the Treasury, without stint and meas-
ure, why this class of individuals is never regarded,
I should like to know why the men who work in
your navy-yards and forge your anchors—why
the men who work in your navy-yards and build
your ships—men who wield the broad-axe,chisel,
and hammer, not only five hours in the day, but
ten hours, at $1 50 and £2 a day, should not have
twenty per cent, also added to their days' wages?
They have not the time, after working ten hours
a day, like others who are not employed five, to
visit this Hall and besiege members of Congress
with impoi tunities, and almost in the attitude of
suppliants, to increase their pay. They have to
work almost from the rising to the going down of
the sun; while others in the employment of the
Government get much larger salaries, although
their expenses of living are no more than those of
the men who work at the anvil or work in your
shops. Go, for instance, to your armory. Who
says anything about increasing the pay of the men
who are engaged in preparing the implements of
war to protect your country in its hour of need?
There is no twenty per cent, for them. When
provisions rise, when meat and bread advance in
price, and it is impossible almost for the laborer
to support his family, where then is the powerful
appeal of my colleague in behalf of this man, his
family and little ones?
There is no talk then, in pathetic strains, about
the funeral train and the charitable contributions
by coiaborers to secure a decent interment of the
remains of the over-worked and illy-paid labor-
er. Oh, no; the laborer has to toil on, struggle
on, and there is no one to plead his cause before
this House and the country. I say that it is time,
when you commence expending—when the door
of the Treasury is to be thrown wide open, and
when a general invitation is to be extended to
Government employees to come in and participate
in this indiscriminate scramble, that the laborer,
the man of toil, the produemg-man, the man who
creates as he consumes, should come up for once
and have a chance at the spoils. When I talk
about this increase of pay for the laborer, do not
understand me as going against an increase of pay
for these clerks. It depends entirely upon what
you do with the amendment I propose. I say, that
they are equally meritorious and worthy. While
the sun rises and sets at the usual hour with this
class, and while they work from the rising to the
setting of the sun, there is another class of em-
ployees whose sun rises at nine in the morning,
and sets at three in the afternoon; and yet they
are worked to death—their burdens are too heavy
—their expenses of living are too high. While a
complaint ftom this over-worked class causes this
hall to become vocal in pathetic appeals, the pro-
ducing men, who give potency and character to
your institutions, and constitute the physical
power of the Government, may toil on, half paid
and half fed, and they are never thought of or
cared for.
Mr. GENTRY. In the appeal which my col-
league makes to me in his very graphic and forci-
ble description, be claims that a certain class-of
employees in the Government should be provided
for in addition to those provided for by the amend-
ment I have offered. He says, in reference to
this case, " Where is the eloquence of my col-
li league?" I do not claim to possess that high gift
j of eloquence upon any occasion; but wherever
j! and whenever,at all times and in ail places,a case
11 is presented to me that addressee itself to my
'l sense of right, whatever eloquence I possess is at
'I the service of any meritorious man, high or low,
|| humble or poor, in the city of Washington or out
j j of it, in the navy-yards, the army,, or wheresoever
j; i>e may be. Justice and right are all that I look
11 at in reference to any case that comes before me
! I as a member of Congress. I do not care where a
man lives, what his employment is, or in what
M branch of the Government he may be employed',
whether he is my friend or foe, to what party he
may belong, if he will show me a just case, what-
ever eloquence E possess is at his command—al-
ways, at anytime. Yes, sir, such eloquence as
; I possess., m a question of right, is always at the?
i command of any man who needs it.
■ Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I know my
\ colleague will bear me witness that in the remarks
! I made I intended nothing personal. I knew thafc
the impulses and feelings of his heart run in this
channel, and I merely made the inquiry I did by
way of reminding him that there were others who
were entitled to and needed his sympathy.
Mr.GENTRY. I thankmy colleague for his ex-
planation . The amendment offered by my colleague
is in the nature of an assault upon my amendment,,
a death-like attack. It is not intended to perfect my
amendment—to amend it so that it will meet, the
approval of the House. His candor will not say
that. Now, as far as individual motives go, 1 say
that I am acting in conformity with the senti-
ments which 1 have always expressed. I know
that about nine tenths of the persons benefited by
this amendment have been denouncing me for six
months. They have all been against me. They
arc Scott Whigs in the main—a good many Dem-
ocrats, though. [Laughter.] And therefore if
there is anybody here that can vote disinterest-
edly on this question I can. But. I hope there is
no gentleman who will judge and determine a
question of this sort with such motives as that.
Do justice—do right. One solitary youngman from
the county of Williamson,in my own SiateofTen-
, nessee, constitutes the whole amount of Executive
influence and patronage that I have obtained for my
j constituents, and he is willing to fight any member
: of Congress that will give him the slightest hint of
j an insult. [Laughter.] He is as independent as
j 1 am, and infinitely more brave. He is getting
| $1,000, and he is willing to lose that to-morrow.
: lhave no interested motives in offering this amend-
i ment. I believe that nine tenths of those who
I will be benefited by it have done me gross injus-
! tice, time and again, and are habitually doing it;
but it is right, and it ous:ht to pass.
jj Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I will merely
!; say, in reply to the remark of my colleague about
that constituent of his being ready and willing to
fight anybody, that I do not assume that attitude.
I belong to the peace party.
Mr. GENTRY. So do T.
Mr. JOHNSON. But if the gentleman's con-
stituent is of that independent and high-minded
character that he represents him to be, I think he
is detracting from his position by holding on to
his office, when he has to assume the attitude of a
suppliant for an increase of pay. He should act
as a high-toned man would—quit the employment
of the Government, and seek other employment.
Mr. GENTRY. 1 only intended to say that
he was a young man, and that his office was noth-
ing to him. I intended to convey the idea, that so
far as personal friendship went, I could have no
motives in offering this amendment. Certainly, I
had no intention of presenting the idea that my
young constituent would like to fight my col-
league. [Laughter.]
The question now being upon Mr. Johnson's
amendment to the amendment,
Mr. JOHNSON demanded tellers; which were
ordered; and Messrs. Fowler and McMtllin
were appointed.
