1302
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 10,
I
h:
infringed upon any public or private right, but be-
cause they were Spanish subjects: and that, with
this treaty guarantee in their hands, and under the
broad shadow of our flag, they were thus assailed
because they-were subjects of Spain.
Nowj assuming these positions to be correct,
without' expressing an opinion of their truth or
character, I will ask, what is the mode and what
is the "measure of redress of parties thus injured ?
We are all familiar with the .maxim, that there is
rio wrong without a remedy: and if a class of
American citizens had thus been dealt with b'y
Spain, or her colonies, I presume there is not an
American who, would not immediately respond,
that a stern demand upon the Spanish Govern-
ment, supported by all our force, and a strict in-
demnity for the losses sustained, could be the only
mode, the only measure of redress. I concede, as
it has-been held, that the municipal authorities of
the place at which the property was destroyed,
are primarily liable, and may be justly held ac-
countable for the damages sustained; but it is
evident, that while this liability offers the shadow
of a remedy,it affords no substantial redress what-
ever; it'but holds " a promise to the ear, to break
it to the hope;" it is making the mode and meas-
ure of redress dependent upon the party legally
bound to make it. It is, therefore, as wrong in
rinciple as it is in policy,"to turn parties, who
ave thus been injured, over to the local or muni-
cipal-authorities of the place where the wrong was
committed." I think, sir, of course, that govern-
ments are no less bound by the rules- of strict mo-
rality in this case than individuals; and that our
Government, depending, as it does, upon the will
of the people, and representing in the aggregate the
virtue of the people, has always manifested in its
foreign relations, and is bound to manifest, frank-
ness and exact justice; and, m this case, if the
assumptions I have made be correct, exact justice
is no less dictated by a sound morality than by
expediency,policy, and afar-seeing political fore-
cast. Why, sir, foreign nations do not under-
stand the workings of our political system. They
do not uhderstand that, politically and socially,
otir States are
" As distinct as the waves ;"
whilst, in our foreign policy, we are.
u One, as the sea."
We have dealt with Spain as with the rest of
mankind—as a unit; and if it be conceded that
the subjects of Spain, whose property was de-
stroyed, are entitled to indemnity, it will be diffi-
cult to make her understand why this indemnity
should be sought from a single municipality or
State, of whose very existence she may in some
cases be ignorant. It was not thus that we treated
with a sister Republic. We did not condescend
to deal with departments or States. Our mer-
chants were deprived of tlieii property, and in
many instances of their liberty by departments or
States; and yet we did not hold them responsible.
We dealt with Mexico as a unit. We made our
demands upon her; and surely we are bound to
concede to Spain all thatweasked from Mexico.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair ia unwilling
to interrupt the Senator, but the resolution has
been referred.
Mr. MALLORY. Well, sir, I will not detain
the Senate by continuing these remarks. [ have
deemed it proper to say thus much, because the
resolution which I introduced a few months ago,
very similar to this, I have not heard of since.
But 1 suppose attention hos not been called to it.
SCHOOL LANDS IN MISSISSIPPI.
On motion by Mr. ADAMS, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider, as in Committee of the Whole,
"An act to authorize the Legislature of the State
of Mississippi to sell the lands heretofore appro-
priated for the use of schools in that State, and
approve the sales already made;" and no amend-
ment being offered, it was read a third time and
BILLS PASSED.
The engrossed bill granting the right of way to
the Florida, Atlantic, and Gulf Central Railroad
Company through the public lands of the United
States, and appropriating lands to the State of
Florida in aid of the construction of said railroad
and branches, was read a third time, and its title
being amended to read as follows, it was passed:
"An act granting the right of way and a portion
of the public lands to the State of Florida for the
construction of a.railroad and branches in said
State.'-'
The engrossed bill granting the right of way
and making a donation of land to the State of Al-
abama in aid of the construction of the Mobile
and Girard Railroad was read a third time, and
passed.
RAILROAD IN FLORIDA AND ALABAMA.
Mr. MORTON; If I had been in my seat on
Friday last, when certain railroad bills were acted
upon, I should have asked the Senate to consider
the bill granting the right of way and making a
grant of land to the States of Florida and Ala-
bama, in aid of the construction of a railroad fiom
the waters of Pensacola bav, in Florida, to Mont-
gomery, in the State of Alabama, and, for othe-
purposes. It is a bill which was among the firsr
that were introduced to the Senate, and has lint
gered to almost the last. I now move to postpone
all prior.orders, for the purpose of taking up that
bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the several
amendments which were reported by the commit-
tee, making the bill conform to the model bill, and
which were in all respects similar to those which
had been made to bills of a like character, were
adopted. - .
Mr. MORTON. I wish to add, by way of
amendment, an additional section:
Sec. 8. Jlndbe it further enacted, That all the advan-
tages, benefits, and privileges that are heieby granted to the
States of Florida and Alabama, and which are granted by
this act, bhall be extended to the said States for the con-
struction of a railroad fiom the waters of the Pensacola
bay to the waters ot' Mobile bay, or Tensavv river, m the
State o( Alabama; and of a railroad or blanch railroad to
the Ohattahoociiie and Fimt rivers, in the State of Georgia.
Mr. BORLAND. I would inquire of the Sen-
ator from Florida, if he intends to embrace in this
bill, by that amendment, the provisions of another
bill which has been reported from the Committee
on Public Lands ?
Mr. MORTON. I do.
Mr. BORLAND. Then I think it is a proper
amendment, and will save the passage of another
bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was then reported to the Senate as
amended, and the several amendments concurred
in; and the bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
RAILROAD FROM LOUISVILLE TO ST. LOUIS.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I move to suspend the
previous orders, with the view of taking up an-
other railroad bill. It is "A bill granting lands
and the right of way to the States of Indiana and
Illinois, in aid of the construction of a railroad
from a point on the Ohio river, opposite to Louis-
ville, Kentucky, to a point opposite to St. Louis,
in Missouri."
I hope this bill will be taken up. We can dis-
pose of it in ten minutes, or perhaps in five min-
utes.
Mr. HUNTER. I wish to inquire of the Sen-
ator from Kentucky, whether this bill is likely to
lead to any debate, or whether it is one of the
same character as the bill we have just passed?
Mr. UNDERWOOD. It is of the same char-
acter precisely.
The motion to take up the bill was agreed to.
The bill was considered by the Senate as in
Committee of the Whole, and several amend-
ments having been made to it, so as to make it
conform to the Iowa railroad bill, it was reported
to the Senate, the several amendments were con-
curred in, and the bill was ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading.
PROSECUTION OF CLAIMS BY GOVERNMENT
OFFICERS.
The bill to amend and extend the provisions of
an actapproved July 29, 184G, entitled "An act in
relation to the payment of claims," came up on its
third reading.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I have performed my
promise in preparing an amendment to that bill,
but I am afraid the consideration of it will take up
more time than the Senate will now be willing to
bestow upon it. I can, however, very briefly state
the object I have in view.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope that bill will be allowed
to lie over till to-morrow.
The PRESIDENT. It will not be in order for
the Senator to offer any amendment at this stage
of the bill. It is now on its third reading.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I intended to state the
object of the amendment which I propose to make
to the bill, and then to move to recommit it. As,
however, it might lead to debate, and, perhaps,
consume more time than the Senate will be willing
to devote to it to-day, it will be agreeable to me
that it should be passed over informally until to-
morrow.'
Mr. HUNTER. Let it be passed over.
Mr. BADGER^ I have no objection that it
should be passed over to-day, provided it is under-
stood that it will come up to-morrow, during the
morning hour. "My friend from Kentucky [Mr.
Underwood] can call it up early tormorrow.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I am perfectly willing
to do so, immediately after the Journal is read.
The bill was accordingly laid over.
THE DEFICIENCY BILL.
The Senate resumed, as in Committee of the
Whole, the consideration of the bill from the
House of Representatives, entitled "An act to
supply deficiencies in the appropriations for the
service of the fiscal year ending the 30th of June,
1852," the question pending being upon the amend-
ment of the Committee on Finance, as it had been
amended. As amended, it is as follows:
, For additional compensation for increasing the transport-
ation of the United Static mail between New Vork and
Liverpool, m the Collms line of steamers, to twenty-six
trips per annum, at such times as shall be directed by the
Postmaster General, and m conformity to his la^t annual
report to Congress, and his letter of the 15th of November
last, to the Secretary of the Navy, commencing said in-
creased service on the 1st of January, 1852,xat the late of
$33,000 per trip, in lieu of the present allowance, the sum
of $236,500: Provided, That it shall be in the power of
Congress, at any time after the first day of January, 185"4?
to terminate the arrangement for the additional allowance
herein provided for.
Mr. WADE. I do not rise with the intention
of making a speech, or rather of inflicting a speech
on the Senate respecting this amendment. I have
now been in this body for more than five months^
and I am very forcibly impressed with the idea
that although we have had speeches and arguments
here of the most splendid and showy description,
they are among the most useless and worthless
things for which this Government pays. I
have, generally, contented myself with giving a
silent vote on any question proposed, believing
that, at,all events, other gentlemen understood
the several questions as well as I do, perhaps bet-
ter; and, as I was not in a position to enlighten
them, I thought it best to content myself with a
simple vote. But, on this occasion, I thought
that it possibly was my duty to assign the reasons
briefly, why 1 should vote against the amendment
under consideration.
It has now been under consideration fornearly
four weeks, and 1 doubt very much whether the
members of the Senate understand it much better
than when it was first introduced. [Laughter.] I
am induced to come to this conclusion by the fact
that most of the gentlemen, who have assigned
the reasons why they should support, or why they
should oppose the measure, have not generally
agreed. And, although I have listened with great
attention to the arguments adduced in support, and
also to those in opposition to the amendment, I
confess I know very little more respecting its
merits than I did when it was first proposed. Some
gentlemen appear to think that there is involved in
it something of that great principle of protection to
American industry, which they advocate. Others
think it is not incompatible with thegreat doctrines
of free trade, which they generally support; and,
therefore, that they may, without any impeach-
ment of their principles, vote in its favor, Others
suppose that these steam-ships may be beneficial
to the Government, as an arm of the Wavy in time
of war. Others have supposed that they were, in
that view, perfectly useless, and could not answer
any beneficial end. And some gentlemen have
thought that there is in this measure the hand of
"manifest destiny," and appeared to fear that
even destiny itself would he frustrated, unless sup-
ported by their votes. Others have thought that
the broad Atlantic-ocean separated many affection-
ate hearts, which yearn to commune with each
other; and they saw no other practicable mode of
removing the difficulty than by supporting these
huge leviathans of the ocean. I believe all have
seen in this measure a means of attainingsome de-
sirable object, while, in reality, it is only calculated
