1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ASSIGNABILITY OP LAND WARRANTS.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to consider now the
motion pending, to refer the report of the select
committee, aud also the bill from the Senate
making bounty land warrants assignable, to the
Committee of the .Whole on the state of the
Union, and that they be made the special order for
Wednesday next, an<i from day to day until dis-
posed of.
Mr. CARTTER objected.
Mr. HARRIS. 1 move that the rules be sus-
pended for the purpose.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I request my col-
league [Mr. Harris] to make it Thursday. The
Mexican indemnity bill, and the bill to pay the
expenses of bringing back the American citizens
who have been liberated in Spain are yet undis-
posed of. It is important that these bills should
be acted upon without delay.
Mr. HARRIS. I will adopt the suggestion of
my colleague to make it the special order for Thurs-
day next.
The question was then taken, and the rules were
suspended.
Tlie question then recurred on the proposition
to refer, and make the bills the special order for
Thursday next.
Mr. JENKINS. Will a division of the ques-
tion be in order ?
The SPEAKER. It will, in the opinion of the
Chair.
Mr. JENKINS. I then ask for such division.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee, demanded the
previous question; which received a second, and
the main question was ordered to be put.
The SPEAKER. The question will be first
upon referring the two bills specified to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
Mr. CLINGMAN. I understood the motion
of the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Harris]
was to take up and make them the special order
for next Thursday.
The SPEAKER, That question will recur
after the motion to refer is disposed of.
The titles of the bills were then read as follows:
Senate bill entitled 4 4 An act to make land war-
rants assignable and for other purposes," and the
resolution of the House explanatory of an act ap-
proved September 28th, 1850, entitled " An act
granting bounty land to certain officers and sol-
diers who have been engaged in the military ser-
vice of the United States.
Mr. ORR. I desire to inquire of the Chair if
the Senate bill lias received two readings in this
House?
Mr, HARRIS, of Tennessee. On Saturday,
the Journal will show, it was read twice, and a
motion was made to refer.
The SPEAKER. By the unanimous consent
of the House, it was taken up and read twice on
Saturday. It was constructively so.
Mr, ORR. [ only wanted to nave it read twice.
The question was then taken on the motion
to refer, and it was agreed to.
So the bills were referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. HARRIS. Is the previous question ex-
hausted?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. HARRIS. Was there a motion to print
included in this motion ?
The SPEAKER. There was not.
Mr, HARRIS. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to have them printed. j
The SPEAKER. TheChair hears no objection, :
and it will be so ordered.
The question was then taken on the second
branch of the proposition, to make these bills the 1
special order forThnrsday next, and it was agreed
to.
So the bills were referred and made the special
order for Thursday next.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which these bills were made the
special order for Thursday next, and to lay the
motion to reconsider upon the table; which latter
motion was agreed to.
CORRESPONDENCE BETWEEN MR. KOSSUTH
AND CAPTAIN LONG.
Mr. SMITH asked the unanimous consent of
the House to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Piesident of the United States be re-
391
quested to furnish this House, if not incompatible with the
public interest, all the correspondence between Captain
Long, of the United States frigate Mississippi, nnd Mr.
Ko^uth, growing out of an alleged difficulty or misunder-
standing between the said Captain Long and the t>aid Kos-
suth; and, also, the collateral correspondence, including the
letter* of and 10 Commodore Morgan and Consul Hodge,
arising upon the said misunderstanding and connected theie-
with.
Mr. BELL inquired if this was not resolution
day.
The SPEAKER replied that it was, but that it
was also competent to suspend the rules of the
House.
Mr. GIDDINGS objected to the resolution, and
called for the regular order of business.
Mr. SMITH moved to suspend the rules, to
enable him to introduce the resolution.
The motion was agreed to, and the rules were
suspended.
The question now being upon the adoption of
the resolution,
Mr. SMITH demanded the previous question.
Mr. CARTTER. I wish the gentleman would
alter his resolution so as to embrace the corre-
spondence of the other officers of the Mississippi.
I do not think it now cmbraccs that correspondence.
Mr. SMITH. Yes; it embraces the whole.
The previous question was then seconded, and
the main question ordered on the adoption of the
resolution.
And, the question being taken, the resolution
was agreed to.
Mr. SMITH moved to reconsider the vote on
the adoption of the resolution, and to lay the mo-
tion to reconsider upon the table; which latter mo-
tion was agreed to.
Mr. BARRERE, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported back, as correctly enrolled,
an act for the relief of Edward Everett; and an act
for the relief of the Virginia Woolen Company.
BUSINESS OF THE HOUSE.
Mr. HOUSTON. My purpose is to move to
suspend the rules, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
[Cries of " Oh, no!" and " Let us have the call
for resolutions!'"]
Mr. HOUSTON. I wish to make a suggestion
in connection with the business of the House for |
to-day. It must be very evident to every gentle- j
man here, that if we are to proceed as we are now j
doing we shall accomplish very little. Now, if by I
general consent, and each member will stand to it, we !
can receive resolutions and bills and petitions, and I
, let them be referred; and all that give rise to debate
be rejected, I would be willing to go on with that
sort of business, and let every member clear out
his drawer. If the States can be called, I am wil-
ling to have it done; but directly I yield the floor
for that purpose, some gentleman will rise and
move to suspend the rules, and thus the whole
day will be lost. 1 am perfectly willing, however,
if the House will agree to it, that the States shaj"
be called for resolutions.
PRINTING OF THE CENSUS.
Mr. GORMAN, from the Committee on Public J
Printing, reported the following joint resolution:
Be it resolved by the Senate and Home of Representa-
tives of the United States of Jlincrica in Congress assem-
bledThat the joint committee on printing be directed to
contract with Messrs. Donelson & Armstrong for printing !
and binding the Census on such terms, as they may think !
reasonable and proper, the work trt be executed under the i
direction of the Secretaiy of the Interior, and to be paid lor [
as it progresses by the head of the Census Bureau, with :
power to abate from the amountstipuJatcd if the work when 1
executed shall prove deficient or below the standard which j
my be agreed upon. I
The joint resolution was read a first and second !
time by its title.
Mr. GORMAN said: Some considerable anx-
iety has been manifested by the Census Board, by
the Superintendent of the Census, and by the
House, upon the subject of this census report. I
will say to the House, that the Joint Committee
on Printing this morning unanimously passed a
resolution that the public printer had not complied
with his contract in regard to the materials. This !
printing is required by almost every member, and \
I am from day to day—I will not say annoyed, for (
that would be incorrect, improper, and perhaps
indelicate—but it is insisted upon me that I shall :
do something to expedite this printing. In addi- i
tion to the anxiety manifested by the members of i
the House, the Secretary of the Inferior has been j
a good deal annoyed by the manner in which he 1
has been unable to get this printing forward. The
Superintendent is also exceedingly solicitous for
action upon this subject. I apprehend that at first
blush, gentlemen would be under the impression
that this printing belonged to the public contractor;
but by a reference to the acts of Congress of 1851,
it will be seen that it was therein f-rescribed that
the preparatory and preliminary printing, such as
the forms and so forth, should be prepared and
,j printed under the direction of the Census Board,
j. and all the other printing connected with the cen-
l! sus, as Congress may direct. So that question is
j! not even debatable. There was not one single
■ j member of the_ committee, of either party, who
" was not clearly of the opinion that this printing
does not come within the contract with the public
printer.
This joint resolution is offered for the consid-
eration of the House, for the purpose of expedi-
ting the printing of the census. It has been before
the Senate, but has been postponed by that body
for a week or ten days, for the reason that certain
statistical and historical accounts of the several
States were being given which some of the Sena-
tors conceived to be in violation of the original
census law. Now, after a full investigation of the
subject, I am thoroughly satisfied that the express
language and letter of the law authorizes the Sec-
retary of the Interior to do precisely what he has
done. It may seem strange that they should adopt
something like an historical account of each county
in the respective States; yet it is, in my opinion,
highly proper; and I apprehend that the law clear-
ly gives the Secretary of the Interior authority to
adopt such a form as he may prescribe. It gives
htm a kind of blank authority, and in his annual
report he has alluded to this.
It is unnecessary for me at present to add a
single remark, except that gentlemen need be un-
der no apprehension that, under the law passed bv
the last Congress, this order of the House, if it
passes, will conflict in the slightest degree with
the contract of the public printer.
Mr. ALLISON. I wish to inquire of the chair-
man of the Committee on Printing [Mr. Gorman
—and I have no doubt he will take pleasure in an-
swering the inquiry—what has been done in rela-
tion to the printing of the abstract of the Census,
which were ordered last week? Gentlemen will
recollect that a resolution was adopted last Mon-
day, authorizing the Committee on Printing to
contract for the printing of one hundred thousand
copies of the report of the Superintendent of the
Census; a report which was published the 1st of
January in the Globe. I desireto know what has
been done in regard to that matter?
Mr. GORMAN. I will answer the gentleman.
That subject was before the Committee on Print-
ing. I addressed a note to the public printer. I
called upon Mr. Rives, and 1 also addressed a note
to Donelson & Armstrong. Mr. Rives did not
desire to have anythingto do with the matter if it
came in the least in conflict with the contract of
the public printer. Although he had it in type,
he did not wish to print it, until it was directly
ascertained by the Committee on Printing that it
did not interfere with the contract of the public
printer. The reason assigned by him was, that
he did not wish to be considered as throwing any
obstacle in the way of the public printer's carry-
ing out his contract. He therefore declined for
the present, until further action by the committee.
Messrs. Donelson & Armstrong also declined to do
the job. I shall this evening, I presume, if the
other members of the committee concur with me,
order the printing to be done; and the document will
be furnished to the House in a few days.
Mr. EVANS. It is pretty well known in this
House of Representatives that there has been no
single thing in its history for many years past
which has been a more fruitful source of cortup-
tion, and a more fruitful source of dissension—
nothing has been so entirely covered up from the
notice of members—nothing has been so wholly
excluded, and yet so badly executed, as this very
public printing. It has, I believe, generally been
taken by both political parties as a prolific job,
for the sake of supporting partisan purposes and
partisan editors in the District of Columbia who
had no circulation and subscription sufficient to
maintain their papers. Why, I ask, are Donelson
& Armstrong named in this resolution ? Who are
Donelson & Armstrong ? Why, sir, they are two
individuals, neither of whom I have ever seen or
