2168
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 11,
shall be the duty of each of the heads of the Executive Be- i
partments of the Government so to arrange and classify
the clerkships in said Departments as to make three sev- i
eral classes, according to the nature of the business in j
which sud clerks are employed} and the qualifications re- \
quired for the same. i
The said clerks to serve in their respective classes for the j
term of four years, and all vacancies occurring by removal j
or otherwise, in either of the higher classes, shall be filled {
from the class next below it, and no clerk shall serve in I
any one of the Departments for a longer period than twelve '
years. The compensation of the first or lower cla«« of
clerks shall be .§1,200 per annum; of the second cla*s !
f1,500 per annum; of the third class, $1,800 per annum. 1
nd no removals khall be made except for incompetency, i
or cau*e shown to the satislaction of the President of the ;
United States.
And in tho selection of said clerk*, they shall, as far as
possible, be taken from the several States and Territories in
proportion to the number of Senators, Representatives,
and Delegates from each m the Thirty-third Congre-^.
Mr. GENTRY. 1 desire to make a suggestion
in reference to the amendment just voted on by
the committee. The adoption changes the whole
phraseology of my amendment. 1 think the Clerk
ought to be required to reduce the amendment to
writing; as it now stands, I do not think v/e can
proceed understtindingly, unless the phraseology
of the amendment is changed, so as to make it
conform to the last vote taken. The amendment
offered by thegentleman from Ohio [Mr. Caktter]
is rather in the nature of a substitute than of an
amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will remark
that his attention was not called to the form of the
amendment at the time it was offered.
Mr. GENTRY. I only suggested it because I
think it is necessary that we should understand
what we are doing as we so along.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will report the
amendment of the gentleman from Tennessee as
amended.
The amendment as amended was read by the
Cleik.
Mr. GENTRY. Will the Chair now state the
precise condition of the amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. CartterJ moved to strike out all in the
amendment except so much ns related to the
clerks receiving the salary of $1,000.
Mr. GENTRY. The word $1,000 does not
occur in the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. Thegentleman is right;
but the Chair did not obsene it at the time the
gentleman from Ohio oftercd his amendment.
Mr. GENTRY. ]f the Chair will permit me
to make .<i suggestion, the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Ohio is m the nature of an entiresub-
stitute, and must be reduced to wilting in onicrto
make it intelligible. We cannot proceed under-
standiri^ly until that is done.
The CHA1RM AN. The Chair will agarn say
that he did not at the time notice that the words
$1,000" are not in the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Tennessee. He will now suggest,
as the easiest and bestremedy, that by unanimous
consent the gentleman from Ohio be permitted to
reduce his amendment to writing, and allow an-
other vote to be taken upon it.
Mr. HAMILTON and others objected,
Mr. STANTON, of Tenn essee, I rise to a
question of order. My question is, thin the prop-
osition of the gentleman from Ohio was no prop-
osition at all. [Laughter] It is not recorded,
it is not reduced to writing, and it has no perti-
nency to the amendment of the gentleman from
Tennessee. I hoM that it cannot be considered
as any proposition at all.
The CHAIRMAN. It is not for the Chair to
decide whether the amendment makes sense or
not; the fact may have Us influence with th- com-
mittee in their votes. But the amendment of the
gentleman from Ohio was entertained by the Chair,
and propounded to the committee, and a vo-e was
had upon it by the committee.
Mr. CARTTRR. I see no difficulty about the
matter. The substance of the amendment was,
that the amendment of the gentleman from Ten-
nessee should only apply to the employees of the
Government who were m the recemt of no.* more
♦ban $1,000 per annum. It would then jvovtde
that those clerks who received a salary of nut more
than $1,000 per annum should receive an increase
of twenty per cent, upon their present salaries.
That was the amendment, or the substance of it.
Mr. STAIVTON. The Chair did not statemv
pointof order correctly, ltwas not that the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Ohio did not make
sense, hut that there was no amendment in any
tangible form at all. There was nothing embodied
or applicable to the proposition of the gentleman
from Tennessee; and therefore I submit that the
whole proceeding in relation to it is a nullity.
Mr. GENTRY. I desire to add a word to what
my colleague has said. The state of facts now
presented show that we have failed to observe the
rules necessary to be observed, in order to give
validity to legislative proceedings. Mr. Chair-
man, you do not know what the amendment is;
you cannot state what it is. The Clerk cannot state
what it is. The gentleman from Ohio has moved i j
an amendment to my amendment in the nature of \\
a substitute, which we have adopted without its j|
being reduced to writing. Now, it seems tome ,j
that the only proper course we can pursue is that jj
suggested by the Chair—to allow thegentleman to |i
reduce his amendment to writing, and take another |1
vote upon it. !
Mr. HOUSTON. Is this debate in order ? i
The CHAIRMAN. It is not strictly in order, \-
but the Chair was willing to hear suggestions in i
relation to this matter. :
Mr. HOUSTON. I dislike very much to in- h
terfere with gentlemen, but I am exceedingly anx- i
iuus to get through with this bill. I
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Let us vote j
the whole amendment down. 1
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois. Xmovethatthe j!
committee do now rise. j
Telleis were called for upon the motion, and j
ordered; and Messrs. Chandler and Molony i
were appointed. j
The question was then taken, and the tellers re- :
ported—ayes 67, noes 50. ;
So the motion was agreed to.
Thecommitteeaccordinglyrose,andtheSpeaker !
having resumed the chair, the chairman of the !
committee (Mr. Ppelps) reported, that the Com- |
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had, according to order, had the state of the Union ,
generally under consideration, and especially ,
House bill No. 19(5, making appropriation for the t
civil and diplomatic expenses of the Government
for the fiscal year ending June 30th, 1853, and for <
other purposes, and had come to no conclusion ]
thereon.
Mr. HOUSTON. We have now only about |
sixteen working days, and if we should appro- ,
prmte every day to the appropriation bills, there ;
are only about two days to each bill; I therefore j
move the iesolution that the five minutes debate ,
upon this bill be terminated, in half an hour after J
we again go into the Committee of the Whole !
upon the bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair hears no objec-
tion to the reception of the resolution, and it is
received.
Mr. STUART. I move that the House ad-
journ.
Mr. HOUSTON. Will my resolution come
up to-morrow morning?
The SPEAKER, Not in the morning hour.
Mr. BROOKS. If the motion of the gentle-
man from Alabama [Mr. Houston] does not pre-
vail, I want the yeas and nays upon the motion to
adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The question before the
House is upon the motion to adjourn.
Mr. BROOKS. 1 call for the yeas and nays
upon that motion.
The yeas ana nays were refused.
Mr. FITCH. There was objection made in
this quarter of the House very distinctly, to the
: reception of the resolution of the gentleman from
Alabama, [Mr. Houston,] and I insist upon the
objection hems: recognized.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not hear the
j objection.
Mr. FITCH. That is not our fault. We
, spoke very loud and distinctly. If there was
i noise between us and the Speaker, that fact ought
: not to prevent our objection from being recognized.
Mr. HOUSTON. The resolution was received,
| and I ask a vote upon it.
I The SPEAKER. The Chair must state, in
1 regard to that matter, that it is impossible very
i often to preserve order in the Hall, such order,at
■ least, as will enable the Chair and gentlemen to
j hear what is passing. The Chair did not hear
I any objection, and entertained the motion,
j Mr. FITCH. I have no doubt that the Speaker
! did not hear the objection, but it was made here.
Mr. BROOKS. Do I understand that the res-
olution of the gentleman from Alabama [Mr.
Houston] has prevailed?
The SPEAKER. It has not, but has been en-
tertained.
Mr. BROOKS. Then I call for tellers upon the
motion to adjourn.
Mr. ORR. Will the resolution come up to-
morrow ?
Mr. BROOKS. Will the Chair tell us when it
will come up ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will decide ques-
tions as they arise.
Mr. ORR. The vote upon the adjournment
will depend upon the decision of that question.
The SPEAKER. That is an argument, and is
not in order.
Mr. FITCH. Will the Chair tell us the pres-
ent condition of the resolution of the gentleman
from Alabama, [Mr. Houston?]
The SPEAKER. The Chair has decided that
the resolution was received by unanimous con-
sent; and the question now before the House is on
the motion to adjourn.
Mr. ASHE. I opposed the reception of the
resolution.
The SPEAKER. The only question before
the House is on the adjournment.
Mr. BROOKS. I withdraw the call for tellers,
ifl understand that the resolution of the gentle-
man from Alabama was received.
The SPEAKER. It is entertained, but has not
been acted upon.
Mr. BROOKS. I call for the yeas and nays
upon the motion to adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The yeas and nays have
been refused.
Mr. BROOKS. Then I ask for tellers.
Mr, CARTTER. Is it not in order to move to
adjourn at any time'
'The SPEAKER. That is the pending ques-
tion, upon which tellers are demanded, and the
Chair is very anxious to ascertain whether gentle-
men wish to adjourn or not.
Tellers were oidered, and Messrs. Chandler
and Carttf.r appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers
reported—ayes 51, noes 44.
So the motion was agreed to, and the House
adjourned until to-morrow at 11 o'clock, 9, m.
PETITIONS, &c.
The fallowing petition* and memorials were presented
under the lule, ami refeireil to Ui j uppiopnate committees •
IIy Mr, STANTON, of Ohio: The petition of C. S,
Hamilton and sundry other citizens of Cmon countv, Ohio,
prnjirn; the establishment of eeitani po-t route1! m Union,
Franklin, and Hardin comities-. m the State of Ohio.
lij Mr. PRICE Tho petition of Janus* McDonald, far 8
register for the nrift-.ii i>ng Suv.ann.Ui.
By Mr. HARPER- The potition of Thomrw Wallace ana
66 others, citizens of Muj-kini'um counly, Ohio, asking
foi the paa>ai*c of the bill introduced by Mr. Stanly, in
aid of the colonization of free people of color m Liberia.
By Mr. DISNEY: The memorial of sundry citizens of
Cincinnati, asking Congress tu aid in the colonization of
free blacks m Liberia.
By Mr. PARKER, of Pennsylvania: The petition of Da-
vid McKinney and 34 other?-, citizens of Blair county,
State of Pennsylvania, praying Cousvess to pass the bill
introduced into the Hou^e of Repiesentatives bv the Hon.
Edward Stanly, entitled k' A bill to authorize the Secre-
tary ot the Treasury to d po-5it with th<> peveial States the
fourth installment of t!ip (h-pi^iTd of the public money di-
rected to be made with the States by an act appioved June
23d, 1826.
By Mr. BRfCG?: Tho nici-uoml of J. A. Whitlock &
Co and otiioi-, citizens ot the city of New Yo<k, asking
'I Congress foi the passage of a law for the better protection
of hveb on board oj steamboats.
i I Also, Davzd S'mith a;u) others, for the came ;
'j Also, David Morrison and others, lor Hie ?;uno;
ANo, Charles Hopkins and others, rnr the *ame ;
Also, Edwin Brann <ti'd otners, for the same.
" By Mr. TIfOMAS 31 HOWE: The petition of Alex-
1 j aruler F. McGiIl, A. W. Black, Thomas I<\ Dale, and 102
j others, citizens of Allcghanv eoimt\, Pcm^'v-aiu, praj -
i ing Congress to pa-^ tho bill introduced in the Unroof
! Repre-sentathes by tin- Hon. Edward St\nly, directing
j the Seorttaiy of the Treasury to deport vufh the several
■ Ftntes the fourth installment of the deposit's of the public
,j money directed to bo made with said State** bv the act ap
; proved June 03d, 1636.
I . .. 
! IN SEXATE.
j Wednesday, .August 11, 1852.
; Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. G. M. Butler
Mr. BRADBURY. Mr. President, I find in
the report of the proceedings of the Senate on
' Monday last, some remarks of the honorable
! Senator from South Carolina, [Mr. Butler,]
