1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1405
Now, sir, what policy have you adopted in ref- j
erence to this question of a steam commercial ma- j
rine? In 1847, Congress determined that they 1
would adopt this line of policy—that, by Govern- !
ment assistance, they would construct a steam I
commercial marine, which would be available for j
purposes of war during war; and during the more i
natural, and, it is to be hoped, the more pro- j
longed, state of the country—that of peace—would |
be employed in the transportation of your mails, j
'In pursuance of this policy, you caused advertise- i
ments to be sent forth throughout the country; an j
association of merchants in New York made pro- }
posals to you to establish a line of steamers be- !
tween New York and Liverpool. Those pto- '
posals you accepted, and the contract, on being j
made, was carried out under the superintendence :
of your own-officers, and, after Us completion, j
every vessel constructed under it was accepted as !
properly constructed, according to the terms of the j
contract, by your own Departments. The enter- j
prise was new, and, as in all new enterprises, the .
cost, of course, was greater than had been pie- ;
.viously 'contemplated. The increased cost had '
been superinduced by a patriotic desire on the ,
part'of the contractors to construct vessels which i
should accord with your avowed policy. And, in '
a, first effort, with American models and the aid of j
American skill and American genius, they sur- j
passed the rival English line, which had been in j
existence ten-years previous. Is there no merit in ;
this? , Those contractors come here now, and tell j
you, nay, they prove to you, that the cost of this j
experiment is too great for them. They have j
shown you that they have already sunk a half!
million of dollars in carrying it out for the benefit |
of the country. If the policy which you adopted |
in 1847 is not to be changed, then two questions
arise: Are-not these parties entitled to the relief
they ask? and, to what extent should that relief be
granted ?
. Sir, in this matter of steam navigation we have
followed the lead of Great Britain; and though it
may be, and undoubtedly is, true that we should
not follow her example in all things, yet in many
we may certainly piofit by it. What was the
state of things as regards this mail service anterior
to the introduction of steam navigation for the
purpose of traversing the ocean ? Great Britain
performed all her postal service on the ocean in
mail packets, which were owned by the Govern-
ment, exclusive of all individual connection. Sub-
sequent to the use of steam for the purpose of
ocean navigation, (I think either jn the Mediter-
ranean or in the East,) Great Britain attempted to
follow the same course in reference to steam pack-
ets, but the experiment was found too costly, and
she abandoned it; and after it was demonstrated
by the experiments of the Sinus and Great West-
ern that the Atlantic, in defi nice of the predictions
of Dr. Lardner and others, could be safely crossed
by steamers, she established the Canard line—she
established the contract system, by which the aid
of the Government, in order to lessen the expense
in the transportation of the mails, was given to
private citizens, who received, in addition to that
aid, such emoluments as they could obtain from
the ordinary pursuits of commerce. Such was
the origin of this policy. 7vly impression is clear,
and I do not think 1 can be mistaken, that in the
first contracts-of Great Britain with the Ounard
steam company, there was no clause in reference
to the purposes of war. The steamers were not
so-constructed. ' Subsequently that was adopted,
and therefore they had a double object in view.
The primary one was, that they should have
steamers which could transpon the mails in time
of peace; and next, that they mi°;ht be available
for purposes of war, in the contingency of war en-
suing. Sir,you adopted this same policy in 1847.
There are two leading objections. I shall not
pause to notice all the varied arguments which
have been urged against the approoriation recom-
mended by the committee. The first is, that the
steamers are not adapted to war purposes: and
the second, that their employment in the mail ser-
vice is an improper and unwise interference with
private enterprises, which should always he left ;
free from Government connection, and that, by ;
your appropriation you encourage a commercial i
monopoly. These I understand to be the sub- '
stantial objections urged, and strongly urged, by i
the honorable Senator from Virginia. I propose j
o examine them in their order. ;
j The objection, that these steamers are notavail-
1 able for purposes of war, is an objection founded
' on opinion only, and on a conflicting opinion too,
| (according to all the evidence in this case,) be-
[ tween naval men and naval architects. If you
i resort to fact,—fact is favorable to their use. The
! solitary instance you have is that stated by my
; friend from Texas, [Mr. Rusk,] in which, withm
i the last year, the British Government, on three
i days'notice,havearmedand equipped four of their
j commercial steamers for the purpose of forcing
j their way. in a hostile expedition against heavily
I armed fortifications. The/aci stands against the
! speculative opinions of those who are opposed to
: the possibility of such a use of these steamers. I
! presume it will not be denied, that the steamers
; of the Collins line are as strongly'built—as well
I built—as speedy and as eifectnai for purposes of
i war as any commercial steamers in the British
! marine, if you have the fact, then, of their actual
I employment, and conflicting opinions, is it wiser '
| to take fact and opinion combined as the basis of
j your determination, or to rely on conjectural ob- 1
: jections as to the impossibility of the use of these
| steamers m war? But there is much in the mean-
i ing of the term. If you mean by ''adapted to ■
| the purposes of war,'5 that these steamers are not
| adapted to all the purposes of war, i admit that
; the objection of the honorable Senator from -Vir-
j ginia is unanswered; that is, when I say " ail the 1
I purposes of war,." that they are unfit for a naval
' engagement in the line of a fleet or m single com- '
! bat. But if you mean by the words, " adapted to
| the purposes of war," that they are.adapted to
| some of the uses and purposes of war, and can be
' made available as an auxiliary force xi the sup-
; poit of your navy proper, in the event of a war, ■
i then I beg leave to differ from the conclusions
which the Senator has drawn from the evidence
before him. i have the facts with me as regards
the state of things in India, in an expedition which
has lately been sent fiom Bombay to Rangoon. I .
have at least equal weight of opinion for then* '■
availability for purposes of that sort—as dispatch
vessels—as vessels for the transportation of troop's; j.
for take their speed, or their size, can you ques- ,
turn their use m that respect? and are not such /
vessels adapted to purposes of war? But I go
further. I cannot see why they should not 1-e ■
adapted to the purposes of rruiseis. I will en- '
deavor to illusiratemy view in this respect.
You ba\e speed in a side-wheel steamer, ond in j
vessels of this particular line—and to them alone
I confine my remarks, and to all such as ai e eqmv-
alent to them in speed and construction—you
have extraordinary speed; a speed with which,
(in their pi esent state,) on the ocean, they can over- j
take any vessel which they pursue, and escape ;
from any vessel which they wish to avoid. They :
are capable, as thev stand now, of carrying a hsjht !
armament, even without the alteration of cutting
down the upper deck, which would be all-sufli- u
cient for the purpose of a cruiser in order to attack j:
your enemy (if that enemy were Great Britain)
in her most vital pa**t—her commerce. They could ;i
sweep it from the face of the ocean; because no 1
ship could escape them which was defenseless;
and no ship with sufficient power to overcome, i
could overhaul them. !l
But it may be said that, on account of the con- j
strurtion of these side-wheel steamers, they are ;
unfit for cruisers, because they could not carry a 1
sufficient supply of coal. "It is not necessary that ,i
a side-wheel steamer should depend alone upon :
her coal. I ask you to take facts here a§ain. Do
not Senators bear in their recollection the fact, that ;;
in 1851 the Atlantic, leaving Liverpool in the
mon'h of December, one of the most tempestuous |
seasons of the year, and having crossed more than J
half the ocean, when eight days out bioke iter ■]
shaft? She was left then in themiddle of the ocean
wit'i nothing but her sails to depend upon. After j,
attempting to combat with adverse winds and ]'
reach America, she abandoned that on the 11th of j!
January. She then returned towards England,
and m eleven days crossed more than half the j
ocean under canvas alone, and that canvas but :[
such as is usually carried by a ship of somewhat ;[
less than six hundred tons, whilst she was a ship jj
of over three thousand two hundred. 1 ask you,
Mr. President, to what are you to attribute that, ,
but to the perfection of her model* I ask you if \'
fluah a steamer, properly rigged and properly ,j
scarred, could not go upon the ocean as a cruiser il
as successfully as your Saranacs and Susquehan-
nas?and with a power-and speed equal".to six-
teen miles an hour when using st.eam, antl the ca-
pacity which she has exhibited with her limited
amount of canvas which would give her a sailing
power of great extent when ordinarily sparred,
would she not be the ^ery perfection of. a cruiser
in time of war? She can carry from twelv'eliunr
died to fourteen hundred tons of coal—a sufficient
supply for at least eighteen days. In what re.-
quisiiefora cruiser is she defective ? •
1 know there are conflicting opinion's in refer-
ence to ihe side-wheel steamer and the propeller;
and if the question was-one ds to your Navy prop-
er, and the true form of vessels to be constructed
for the Navy proper, I assure the Senator from
Virginia that he might command my vote upon
.such a question at all times; that I would vote for
no appropriation for the construction of any but a
screw-steamer, as applied to the Navy proper.
But the reason of that is very obvidus. We do
not require extreme speed in a war steamer; and
the difference between the two is, that m the side-
wheel steamers you have speed; and with the pro-
peller or screw-steamer you have .economy and
comparative invulnerability, butthey want speed.
That is the difference.. As a-cruiser, chasing the
commerce of your enemy on the ocean, the expo-
' sure of such a vessel as the Atlantic amounts to
nothing. From a man-of-war, she could escape
by her speed; and those vessels which she desired
1 to overtake, could not hope to escape. She could
carry coal for eighteen days, and, with the capa-
city exhibited with a deficiency of canvas—that
is, with one fifth what she ought to have to trav-
erse the ocean, she returned at the rate of one hun-
dred and fifty miles a day—her superiority-can-
riot be doubted. The Atlantic then showed a
capacity which would eminently fit her for the
purpose of a cruiser. If that.is so,sikis certainly
" adapted for .the purposes of war;" though it may
be, that such a vessel could not safely encounter,
in a naval engagement, either a sailing frigate, or
a screw-steamer, because she is more vulnerable.
But the objection does not apply to this line. The
objection would be well taken if applied to your
Susquehanna, or even perhaps to your Missis-
sippi. Those vessels may be more strongly built;
but as to vulnerability—the danger of being dis-
abled—they are in a very little better condition
than any of the vessels of the Collins line. They
are not equal to the Collins vessels in speed; that
is certain. But when you come to the question
of defense, you find that the machinery is not the
principal pait of these steamers which is exposed.
The wheels are most exposed. Tf you cripple a
wheel, the vessel is as effectually disabled as if you
broke her machinery. The wheels are the most
exposed portions; and that objection applies toth
vessels which you have built solely for war pur-
poses as much as to the Collins steamers. -
Have I not a right,then, to say that one of these
vessels is adapted to the purposes of war? But I
will go further. I was speaking of her qualities
as a cruiser. Allow me to bring before the Sen-
ate the evidence of a gentleman whose evidence
has been referred to for another purpose by the
honorable Senator from Virginia, and which I
shall notice hereafter—on engineer in your Navy,
Mr. isherwood. I found on Saturday, in the
<s Journal of the Franklin Institute," an account
by this gentleman of the performance, dimensions,
power, and character of the crack screw-steamer
of the British Navy, the Arrogant. He gives
the entire dimensions of the vessel, and a descrip-
tion of her boilers and of her whole machinery.
He^ives her working power; and afterwards, from
her log, lie gi\es her perforrrnnrps under all cir-
cumstances. What do you suppose is the result ?
Why, the speed of that vessel in smooth water
and in calm weather was but 3.08 knots per hour.
The some steamer working with full power, in
very Atir weather, m a smooth sea, with steam
alone, was 5.08 knots—something short of six"
miles per hour. The Atlantic, under sails alone,
in a disabled condition, and with all the embar-
rassments arising from her wheels, and with but
one fifth of her proper canvas, exceeded that very
much. This gentleman also £ives the speed of the
Arrogant steamer in coming from Gibraltar to Lis-
bon, wi'h all her sails set under full power, and
with a free wind: and it was but 10| knots an
hour. One of Collins'a steamers would run away
from hei.
