1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2169
chairman of the Committee on the Judiciary,
which contain statements made inadvertently, I
g'resume, that require correction. The honorable
enator was commenting upon a letter from the
Secretary of the Interior relating to the "amend-
ment to the apportionment bill" as it is called, or
the supplementary act on that subject, and in
speaking of that bill, he says:
"I am not at liberty, perhaps, to say who prepared it;
but it wa< no doabt prepared at the Census Bureau, and
adopted at the instance ot Mr. Bradbury; and I suppose
the responsibility must be shared between the head of thf>
Bureau, the Secreiaty of the Interior, and Mr. Uradbdry."
In regard to the responsibility here alluded I
shall presently have a word to say. It is suffi-
cient to slate, in the first place, however, that the
bill was not reported by me or at my instance, as
the honorable Senator would have known if he
had been present. He was necessarily called
away during the action of the Senate on that sub-
ject, and has been misinformed in regard to it.
The bill containing the clause alluded to was re-
ported by the honorable Senator from Louisi-
ana, [Mr. Downs,] in behalf of the majority
of the Committee on the Judiciary, which gave
California but one Representative in Congress.
I was in the minority of the committee, and
presented a counter report to that of the hon-
orable Senator from Louisiana, and moved an
amendment to the bill providing for two Repre-
sentatives for California. After debate, the amend-
ment offered by me was adopted. It only related
to the representation from California, and changed
the bill in no other respect. Upon examination it
was seen that the lan^ua^e of the bill and the
amendment was somewhat incongruous, and i
thereupon redrew that section of the bill, which
related to the California representation, so as to
give that State its two Representatives, and left
the othpr sections in the form and words reported
by the honorable Senator from Louisiana, so that
the provision of the bill which was the subject of
the remarks of the Senator from South Carolina
on Monday last, was presented by my friend from
Louisiana, and not by me.
I think, however, that on unnecessary alarm
has arisen in regard to she construcion of that bill.
My own itnnre^fion is, (hat the bill or reported,
and the ph.u^ooh.wy adopied, which related to the
compensation of the Superintendent of the Census
Board, is not liable to the construction which has
been placed upon it; ami that it did not need the
supplementary resolution which has been recently
passed by the Senate. But inasmuch as there has
been supposed to be some responsibility attached
to the phraseology of the law, 1 desire to stand
right upon the record. In making- these remaik?,
I desire to say, that I have no doubt but that the
honorable Senator from South Carolina made his
statement upon information which had been given
to him, and upon which he relied.
Mr. BUTLER, i rather suppose, after so
many explanations, it will turn out that nobody
prepared that clause at all. [Laughter.] It cer-
tainly was prepared by somebody; either by Mr.
Kennedy, the honorable Senator from Louisiana,
[Mr. Downs,] or tb? Senator from Maine, [Mt.
Bradbury,J for I do not believe Mr. Stuart pre-
pared it. I did not prepare it, for I can prove an
alibi. Now, the remarks I made to the Senate,
were exclusively made upon information derived
from the honorable Senator from Louisiana, [Mr.
Downts,] that the bill itself came from the Depart-
ment. I was advised to let Mr. "Whittlesey settle
it; but I said, no; if there is any inadvertency from
any somce, I, as the ^preventative of the com-
mittee, most he held responsible to the public, for
no one wdl know who reported the bill5 and I feel
concerned that some explanation should be given.
When the debate took plare, in consequence of
the joint resolution, very properly pioposed by
the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Davis,] I
felt bound—no other person being present to make
the explanation—to make it; anu perhaps, in
making it, I may have thrown more blame upon
Mr. Kennedy—for I shall mention names now—
than should be attached to him.
But as to the way that the amendment came, h
seems to be now that the honorable Senator from
Louisiana [Mr. Downts] is to be held responsible
for it. Well, sir, that Senator told me that it came
from the Department. I hare no doubt that it did
not come from Mr. StaarU and I have no doubt that
it did come from the head of the Census Bureau.
Thatgentleman—I mean Mr. Kennedy—informed
me when he came to me to explain—and I was
very willing that he should explain, as I had no
disposition to do him injustice—that he did not
know whether he prepared it, or whether one of
the committee prepared it, but he rather thought
he had a letter from the Senator from Maine, [Mr.
Bradbury,] asking his attention to this subject,
and in consequence of it, it was prepared.
Mr. BRADBURY. I hope I am understood by
the Senator. I have sent to the document room,
and have the bill which contains the censured
phraseology, and I trust it will be satisfactory to
the Senator to read the caption:
t{ In the Senate of the UmU'd State*, March 10, 18rv2, Mr.
Downs, from the Committee on the Judiciary, submitted a
repoit, (number 113,] accompanied by the following bill;
winch was read and passed to a t-econd reading."
I might go on and read the bill which contains
the clause that gave rise to the remarks. Now,
the Senator has seen fit to say that the amendment
was prepared by somebody—either by Mr. Kenne-
dy, by the Senator from Louisiana, [Mr. Downs,]
or by myself. I thought I had stated, with suffi-
cient distinctness, that I was unfortunately in the
minority, and opposed to the bill reported, and
moved an amendment to it, which was finally sus-
tained by the Senate. 1 repeat again, that I do
not think the bill itself is liable to the objection
which has been raised to it.
Mr. BUTLER. It is a question of fact who
did prepare it.
Mr. BRADBURY. The question of fact is
settled by the record.
Mr. C ASS. As both the Senate and the House
of Representatives have passed the bill into a law,
I think all are responsible.
[Here the conversation dropped.]
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. CASS presented the petition of C. B. dus-
ky, praying compensation for a plan and estimate
made by lnm for the extension of the Capitol, and
for the time spent in explaining it, and in giving
his views on the subject; which was referred to
the Committee on Claims.
Mr. STOCKTON presented the petition of
Mnry C. Hamilton, widow of the'late Captain
Fowler Hamilton, of the Army, praying a pen-
sion; which was referred to the Committee on
Penpiont.
Also, the petition of It. Nicholas, executor of
Jonathan Nicholas, praying to be allowed his
father's pension for the time his name was stricken
from the rolls; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Pensions.
Mr. CHASE presented two petitions of citizens \
of Magnolia, Ohio, praying that the bill now be- j
fore Congress, commonly known as the home- j
stead bill, may become a law; which were or- i
dered to lie on the table.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES. |
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Corn- j
merce, to which was referred the bill from the :
House of Representatives making appropriations ]
for the improvement of certain harbors and rivers, i
reported it back with sundry amendments. :
Mr. HAMLIN ? from the Committee on Com- i
merce, to whirh was referred a memorial of citi- I
zens of Paducah, Kentucky, praying that that
town may be made a port of delivery, reported a I
bill to constitute Paducah,in the State of Ken-;
tucky,a port of delivery, and for other purposes; ■
which was read, and passed to the second reading. 1
He also, from the same committee, to which 1
were referred the petitions of John Giay and
Wyer G. Sargent, praying to be allowed fishing
bounties, submitted a report, accompanied by a '
bill for their relief; which was read, and passed
to the second reading. The report was ordered ,
to he printed.
Mr. BRODHEAD. The Committee on Claims, ,
to which was referred the memorial of Harman !
Biannerhasset and Joseph Lewis Blannerhasset,
praying indemnity for injuries done to property !
of their father by troops of the United States m ,
180G, have directed me to submit a report, accom-
panied by a bill for their relief. When this bill :
comes up for consideration,! shall ask the Senate, 1
particularly the older members of it, to vindicate
the truth of history in one or two particulars. 1
The bill was read a first time, and passed to a
second reading; and the report war ordered to be
printed.
Mr. BRODHEAD also, from the same commit-
tee, to which was referred the petition of Joseph
Smith, sen., praying compensation for services
rendered and property furnished the United States
in the Black Hawk war, submitted an adverse re-
port thereon.
Mr. FELCH, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to which was referred the petition of James
P. Delacour, only son of James Delacour, praying
to be allowed bounty land for the services of his
father during the last war with Great Britain,
asked to be discharged from the further consider-
ation thereof; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to which was
1 referred the memorial of George Barrell and S. Y.
I S. Wilder, in behalf of themselves and other heirs
J of the owners of the ship Columbia and sloop
' Washington, and the petition of the widow of
j Captain Robert Gray, the first discoverer of the
j Columbia river, praying the confirmation of their
I title to certain lands purchased from the Indians
in 1791, or to such compensation as Congress shall
think proper for their discoveries in those regions,
submitted a report, accompanied by a bill granting
lands in Oregon to Martha Gray and others; which
was read and passed to the second reading. The
report was ordered to be printed.
NOAH HANSON.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I am instructed by
the Committee to Audit and Control the Contingent
Expenses of the Senate, to which was referred a
resolution relative to the pay and funeral expenses
of Noah Hanson, late a messenger of the Senate,
to report the same back with an amendment strik-
ing out the part which provides for the payment
of the funeral expenses. I ask that the resolution
may now be considered.
No objection was made, and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the resolution. The amend-
ment to the committee is to strike out the follow-
ing words:
<k And aNo to pay the funeral expenses of said Hanson,
a^ heretofore paid ni similar ca-e.s."
The resolution, if so amended, will read as fol-
lows:
" RpvqIvcI, That ilie Secretary of the Senate be, and he
heit-ln, <in C'ti'd to pay out of the continent fund of the
Senate,"to Mi*. Mana Hanson, administratrix of the estatu
of Noah Hanson, late a me-^engerof the Senate, the u'sual
per diem cump« n-aiion for liw f-oivices from Maich 27?
IS50, to Jutx* Kt, 1851, and fiom October Ut to November
"1st, idol, the lime of Ins decease.'1'
Mr. CASS. Mr. President, do I understand
that the proposition is to continue the sola* / after
the death of the man?
Mr. HAMLIN. ( will explain the resolution,
Mr. Hanson was a messenger of the Senate for
the space of eighty or ninety days, or at least for
the precise number mentioned in the resolution.
He performed the services of a messenger in the
document room, m filing and preparing document®.
Just before the commencement of this session of
Congress he died. I drew the resolution, there-
fore, to pay him for the time he was employed,
for which he had not had his pay. I included in
it, also, the clause, which was to pay about $150
for his funeral expenses—precisely what has been
done in three or four other cases. If the Senate
see fit to strike that clause out, I do not rise for
the purpose of making objection; bur still i think
that item ought to he paid, as in other cases.
The amendment v/a.4 pgreed to, and the resolu-
tion as amended, was read a third time and passed.
FALLS OF THE OHTO.
A motion by Mr. Bright, that live thousand
additional copies of the report of the Committee
on Roads and Canals, in relation to th   construc-
tion of a canal, ana the establishment of an armory
and foundery, at the Falls of the Ohio river, and
the relinquishment of the stock held by the Unit*-*
States in the Louisville and Portland canal, I
! printed for the use of the Senate, was referred to
i the Committee on Punting.
j AMENDMENT TO THE RULES.
Mr. BADGER. I laid upon the table of the
| Senate, some seven or ei^ht weeks ago, a resolu-
I tion proposing to amend one of the rules of the
| Senate, to which I referred yesterday. Its object
■ is to get rid of the difficulty which perplexes us
j every time we have an appropriation bill before
i us to settle what is a private claim, I move that
! the Senate take up that resolution for considers.-
' tion.
