2170
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 11,
Mr. CASS. 1 must express my hope that the
Senate will not take it up. We shall enter into
a metaphysical discussion of, at least, an hour;
no man can foretell the end of it. If the honorable
Senator will a'low a vote to be taken without any
discussion, I will cheerfully acquiesce. But there
will be more metaphysics introduced than the
world has seen since the days of the Stagirite. I
hope it will not be taken up.
Mr. BADGER. I would suggest to my friend
from Michigan, as he has given us such a lumin-
ous exhibition of my resolution, that it does not
propose any explanation of what a private claim
is, but its object is to amend, the rule so as to get
rid of the difficulty altogether, of having to decide
whether an amendment is for a private claim or
not, when it is presented.
Mr. Badger's motion was agreed to, and the
Senate proceeded to consider the resolution which
was submitted by him on the 25th of May. It is
as follows:
Resolved, That the 30th rule be amended, by striking
out. therefrom the following words.: aAnd no amendment
shall be received whose object us to provide for a piivate
claim, although the same may have been previously sanc-
tioned by the Senate "
The 30th rule, which is proposed to be amended,
is as follows:
'♦30th. jVo amendment proposing additional appropria-
tions shall be leceived to any gcueial appropriation bill,
unless it be made to carry out the provisions of some exist-
ing law, ortiome act oi lepolution previously passed by the
Senate during that session, or moved by dnection of a stand-
ing committee ot the Senate, or in pursuance of an estimate
from the head or'some of the Departments; and no amend-
ment shall be received whose object is to provide for a pri-
vate claim, although the same may have been pieviously
sanctioned by the Senate."
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator from North Car-
olina moves to amend the rule, for the purpose, as
he says, of getting rid of the discussions in rela-
tion to what are private claims. I appeal to every
old member of the Senate, to say whether we did
not have those discussions, and much mme fre-
quently, before the adoption of the rule than since;
whether it has not been always considered a valid
objection to an amendment to an appropriation
bill, that it was a private claim. Why, sir, before
we had this rule, we had two classes of arguments
whenever these amendments were brought for-
ward. In the first place, they were generally op-
posed by those who had the care of the bill, on the
ground that it was improper to put a privatetclaim
upon a general appropriation bill, and, as a gen-
eral rule, [ have never heard if doubted. We had,
therefore, the argument in relation to it, to ascer-
tain, first, whether it was a private claim; and
afterwards, another class of arguments to show,
that, admitting it was a private claim, yet there
was some special reason, some good ground for
excepting the case from the general rule. If, there-
fore, this provision of the rule shall be expunged,
the Senate will not escape a discussion in relation
to the character of the amendment. You may rely
upon it, when we shall have had a little experience
in the piaetic.fi of the Senate without this rule, it
will be found to be necessary to do something in
order to prevent us from loading down appro-
priation lulls with private claims. Why, sir, there
is a peculiar propriety for such a provision in re-
lation to general appropriation bills. The result
of admitting private claims to be offered as amend-
ments to them is, that any committee can pass
whatever private claim it chooses. If we take up
a private claim as a separate measure, upon a pri-
vate bill day, when we do not understand it, if it
requires investigation, we can ask that it may be
postponed until wo can investigate it. But if it is
offered as an amendment to an appropriation bill,
we can make no such request. We cannot lay
over an appropriation bill to obtain an opportunity
to examine a claim. No, sir, we mu?t take the
word of the committee which offers it, and we
must vote without any explanation, or without
any adequate opportunity to examine the clann.
The result would be, that any committee could
put any private claim it chooses upon a general
appropriation bill.
But this is not the worst of it. The general
appropriation bills will become a sort of omnibus
—a log-rolling arrangement in relation to private
claims. " I will not vote against yours, because
I may have one which I want to get up;" and this
arrangement will be made like those internal im-
provement bills, by which claims will be passed
as amendments to the appropriation bills that
never would have been passed separately and as
independent measures. Now, if the Senator
wishes to prevent that evil, he had better aid me in
doing something to make the rule more definite,
if it is not sufficiently definite for his purpose.
The whole objection he raises amounts to this:
that you cannot give any definition of a private
claim which would be sufficiently distinct to enable
the Senate to practice under it without difficulty.
I acknowledge it is a subject of some difficulty;
but I do not admit that you cannot give a defini-
tion to enable the Senate to practice under this
rule. If the Senator would give us his assistance
in this regard, I think, after a little practice, we
should be able to define what are private claims in
such a manner as to get rid of all dispute in rela-
tion to their nature. Sir, I believe we can do it
by referring to what should be a general appro-
priation bill. A general appropriation bill should
make provision for laws and treaties, for obliga-
tions incurred by laws and by treaties, and for the
current service of the year. If, instead of saying,
"No amendment shall be received whose object
is to provide for a private claim, although the
same may have been previously sanctioned by
the Senate," we should say that no additional
appropriation should be offered, unless it were to
provide for some obligation created by law or by
treaty, or fur the current service of the yeai, then
the rule would define itself; and I believe we
should be able to practice under it without diffi-
culty, and with benefit to the dispatch of business
by the Senate.
I know, that if this provision is stricken out of
the ltile, and we are thrown at sea in relation to it,
where it will end. We shall go on adding private
claims to general appropriation bills, until the Sen-
ate will feel the necessity of doing something to
guard the business of the country against this im-
proper admixtuie. We shall then have the whole
subject to go ovei again, and probably it will end
in the enactment of some other rule. It would be
better not to amend this as proposed; for the hon-
orable Senator from North Carolina must know
that it is improper to put a private claim upon a
general appropriation bill; and that, unless we have
some rule guarding it, there will be constant efforts
to do it. Atfd if we admit one, it will be consid-
ered favoritism not to admit all. We shall then
have the only portion of the business which is con-
ducted with tolerable certainty and dispatch by
Congress, so embarrassed, that that probably, in
the end, will fall through.
Why, sir, the House of Representatives might
well object, if they send us appropriation bills re-
lating to the general interests of the country, and
we should load them down with private claims,
send them back, and say: " You shall not appro-
priate for the general public service of the country
without passing this or that private claim." It
is a sort of coercion, of which they might and
would well complain. J f it shall result in this, that
we are to do no legislation except upon general ap-
propriation bills, those bills will break down like
everything else, and the business of legislation be-
come almost impossible. I say this, because I
foresee the consequences of repealing that rule. I
know the inconvenience which arose before; and,
although the rule which it is proposed to amend has
caused some inconvenience, because it required
practice to define and settle its meaning, I think
we have passed over the worst; and I believe, if
we continue a little further, we shall be enabled to
make it su fficiently accurate to proceed with definite-
ness and dispatch to the public interest of the
country. I recollect well, that before it was adopt-
ed, half the debates on amendments offered to
general appropriation bills, were upon the ques-
tion as to whether they were for private claims; and
then, if they were for private claims, whether they
were such as ought to constitute an exception. We
shall certainly get rid of all that last branch of the
discussion, by retaining such a rule as this. It is,
however, for the Senate to say. If they prefer
to go without it, I have nothing more to say in re-
lation to it.
Mr. BADGER. Mr. President, the rule, a
portion of which I seek to strike out, is only
two sessions old. The Senator from Virginia
says if the amendment I propose prevails, the gen-
eral appropriation bills will be loaded down by
private claims; that there will be a system of log-
rolling introduced by virtue of which one Senator
will vote for a private claim in consideration of
other Senators voting for a private claim that he
favors.
Now, sir, in the first place I say that I cannot
conceive such a thing as any member of this body
voting knowingly for anything that is wrong
Therefore 1 consider the allegation as not admis-
sible. In the next place it is refuted by the whole
experience of the Senate. This rule, as I say, is
but two sessions old. When have the appropria-
tion bills been loaded down, as the Senator sup-
poses they have been by private claims? They
have never been,in a half century's experienceof
the Senate. When the Senator from Virginia of-
fered his amendment to the rules, it was for the
purpose of relieving us from this difficulty. I did
not oppose it, but we immediately found that we
had opened a new source of discussion and con-
sumption of time, which was a great deal worse
than any difficulty that could be supposed to arise
out of the admission of such amendments; for
though the Senator says we always had the ques-
tion raised as to private claims before, and always
shall have hereafter, if this proposition of mine shall
be adopted, one question we never did have, and
never could have raised, except for this rule, and
that is the question of order—a question whether
the amendment can be considered. That is the
question we have sprung upon us—that is the
question upon which we occupied two hours yes-,-
terday in determining whether an amendment was
in order or not.
Now, I think after striking out the portion
which I propose to strike out the rule will be suf-
ficiently guarded. No amendment of any kind
can be offered, unless under the circumstances
prescribed by the residue of the rule; one of these
is the one that might be supposed to apply most
generally to private claims, and is, when an
amendment is moved by order of a standing com-
mittee of this body.
I think if we cannot trust ourselves to pass
upon amendments proposed to us by the standing
committees of the body—if we are obliged to tie
ourselves up so that we cannot look at proposals
of that kind, coming from a standing committee,
we shall have lost a considerable portion of that
respect we ought to have for ourselves, and that
consideration which we ought to have for the
country. However, I have no personal anxiety
about the matter. I served in the Senate three
sessions before we ever heard of such a rule, and
I never found the difficulties, the log-rollings, and
the weighing down of appropriation bills by pri-
vate claims, which the Senator from Virginia sup-
poses will exist. Rut since the adoption of the
rule I have found, and so has he, a great deal of
difficulty and waste of time in determining whether
the Senate can consider a proposition or not. That
is what I want to get rid of.
Mr. HUNTER. I wish to make one single
remark as to a matter of fact. If the Senator from
Noith Caiolma [Mr. Badger] will consult any of
the older members of the Senate, or the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means in the House, or the
Committee on Finance in the Senate, or the Sen-
ator from Tennessee, [Mr. Bell,] he will learn
that the connection of private bills with a general
appropriation bill is a serious evil, and much
more felt before the adoption of the rule than it
has been since.
Mr. BADGER. That must have been before
I was in the Senate.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I wish to make one re-
mark. Each House has before it a variety of
petitions upon the subject of private claims. Each
House matures its own action upon the petitions
presented, and after doing this, presents its action
to the other House for consideration. Now, sup-
pose we put upon a general appropriation bill, all
private bills which the Senate has matured, and
send the bill back in that shape to the other
House; or suppose the House should take a simi-
lar course, and put all its private bills upon a gen-
eral appropriation bill, and send them to us, what
chance has the Senate to mature all the private
bills that may be put upon the general appropria-
tion bills in this way? It will amount to a one-
sided legislation. Each House will have to adopt
just the same measures which the other has seen
fit to pass, and without examination. Are you
prepared for that? At this period of the session,
it will be impossible for us to examine all the pri-
vate bills from the House, or for the House to
examine all which we might send them—under
