1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1307
is a line established by the American Government
to encourage and sustain American competition for
the purpose of destroying a British monopoly; and
on that ground alone, if no other, this appropria-
tion should be made. Gentlemen can neither evade
nor deny this answer to their allegation of monop-
oly. Anterior to the establishment of this line,
the Cunard line controlled the entire postal service
between England and the United States, and you
may say between Europe and the United States.
Since this Government authorized the construc-
tion of the Collins line,, we have gone far in the
competition, and ultimately we will divide the
receipts. Is that the establishment of a monopoly?
or is it not that you aid American enterprise and
American skill in a very costly undertaking with
a view to break down a British monopoly. The
answer, to my mind, is conclusive. The cry of
monopoly can have no rational weight as an ob-
jection to this appropriation. I repeat, that if it
be a monopoly, your whole postal service system
is a monopoly; and that this is peculiarly free
from such an objection, because the line cannot
exist without Government, and by its establish-
ment you broke down the monopoly which had
existed on the part of Great Britain-anterior to its
establishment. Abandon these steamers now,
and you give to Great Britain the entire control of
yoyr postal service on the ocean between Europe
and America; and you give to her, further, all the
passengers, except the emigrants, and a very large
share of the freight on light and costly goods.
This' does not depend upon opinion. Facts
establish it conclusively. Cunard established his
line in 1339. At that time the Great Western
was running as a private vessel across the ocean.
It had commenced the business to New York be-
fore him. The Cunard line ran to Boston. The
ships of that line were not superior in any respect
to the Great Western, which, after an ineffectual
contest, was obliged to draw off, because the busi-
ness would not support it. The British Q,ueen
and the President were then established by a Brit-
ish company, running -between New York and
Bristol, I believe, the Cunard line still running to
Boston, which certainly, as a commercial place,
has no equality with New York. The President
was lost m the depths of the ocean. The British
Queen, after a serious loss in the business, was
obliged to withdraw, and was sold, I believe, to
one of the continental Powers. The Great Brit-
ain, a screw-steamer, attempted the same thing;
but it is perfectly well known that her losses of
capital were very serious during the time she was
engaged in the trade. I hold it, therefore, to be
certain, that if you abandon this line for want of
governmental aid and support, it must go down,
and you do, by that act, abandon to Great Britain
the entire transportation of the mails across the
ocean between Great Britain and America. You
abandon to Great Britain the entire transportation
of passengers, except emigrants, between Eng-
land and America, and the great part of the Con-
tinent and America, and abandon a very valuable
and. costly freight, which would otherwise be
beneficial to American citizens.
Sir, no American citizen ventured in the lapse
of ten years to enter into this business in opposi-
tion to the Cunard line. They could not contend
with a line which was sustained by the Treasury
of Great Britain, when they knew that that line
was established by a Government which gave its
allowances according to the exigencies Of the case,
and which, if the allowance was not sufficient,
• would instantly increase it, in order to establish
her commercial policy, and in order to maintain
such a line as would aid in giving her the con-
trolling power in reference to the commeree'of the
world. But the Senator from Virginia said:
"Does any man suppose that, if we were to advertise
and dispense with the unnecessary clause in relation to war
puipo^es we would not have ships of our own that could be
made suitable for catrying the mail, and suitable for com-
mercial purposes ?"
This is but an opinion, and, I confess, one to
which I cannot assent. Security and confidence
in the strength of a vessel are always great es-
sentials in the carriage of passengers; and most
surely these vessels would all be built stronger in
consequence of the war clause. Mr. Livingston,
in his remarks, to which the honorable Senator
from Virginia referred, says, that in consequence
of this war clause, the cost of the construction of
the steamers was §200,000 more. I ask you if
these steamers are not infinitely stronger when
built under such a clause, and with such addition-
al expenditure, than when built otherwise ? The
cost adds to their security. You must pay for
such vessels as you employ in the mail service,
whether you employ fragile or substantial vessels;
whether your policy be to uphold vessels which
could be made available for purposes of war, and
which would give security to life during peace, or
you disregard both these purposes, you must
still pay for them. The question is merely a ques-
tion of amount, as to what you shall pay for the
transportation of the mails over the ocean. For
my own part, I shall place the safety of a single
vessel, containing one hundred American lives, if
preserved by this clause, above the entire sum
which you have to pay for the transportation of
the mails in these steamers.
But, sir, the honorable Senator from Virginia
used an argument which, I believe, was repeated
to-day, by the honorable Senator from Ohio, that
this line either pays, or it does not pay; and that
if it does not pay, and if Great Britain chooses
to be foolish enough to transport your mails at a
loss to herself, let her do so; for it would be no
injury to you. I think this argument is what we
lawyers would call a non sequitur. It may be per-
fectly true, that while Great Britain enjoys a mo-
nopoly in the transportation of mails and passen-
gers between Europe and America, a line would
pay, both to her and the contractors; butwhen you
establish a rival line, by the aid of the Govern-
ment, it may also well be, that it would not be profit-
able to her, because thebusiness would be divided.
Shall we weigh $300,000, or $500,000, the excess
of cost over postages, in comparison with a sur-
render to our great commercial rival of a business
which is profitable so long as she has the monop-
oly of it, and which enables her to transport the
entire trans-Atlantic mails, and thus places them
under her control? I believe the British Post
Office have not always been remarkably .scrupu-
lous in reference to the inviolability of mails in
their own country, and I know of no reason to
suppose that they would be more abstinent in
reference to mails within their custody on the
ocean. Will you adopt a policy which will place
the entire transportation of your mails under their
control; which will put into their hands the trans-
portation of passengers; which will lay a tax on
American citizens for the advancement of Brit-
ish commerce, by giving them the freight of light
and costly goods between the principal sea-port of
your country, and the principal sea-port of Eng-
land ? Will you do all this for the sake of saving
from §300,000 to $500,000 a year? Such may be
the judgment of the honorable Senator from Ohio,
but it is not mine, and I trust it will not be that of
the American Senate.
As to free competition, it is out of the question,
as long as Great Britain makes advances and sus-
tains, by her Treasury, her Cunard line. Our
propellers may run, but will our propelleis, with
a speed of one half that of the side-wheel steamers,
carry passengers, or will they carry the mails?
No man acquainted with commercial correspond-
ence, or the habits of commercial people, can, for
a moment, hesitate as to that. They may attempt
it for a time; but they must ultimately give way
to the superior advantages arising from speed and
certainty,such as have been exhibited either by the
Cunard line or the Collins line.
To defeat this appropriation, the honorable Sen-
ator from Virginia also throws in this further ob-
jection. By a comparison of the postage, made
from the month of April, 1850, I think to Decem-
ber, 1851, he exhibited the receipts from the Col-
lins line, in order to show the great extent of cost
which it was to the country. I submit—though it
is not very material to my views of this question—
that the honorable Senator hardly makes a fair
comparison in such acase. This line commenced
in April, 1850, and had but two ships; they ran
at irregular periods—at no stated days. The line
was not in full operation till the month of Novem-
ber, 1850. Then the receipts would not afford a
just inference as to future receipts, except for a sin-
gle year, up to the time the returns were stated to
be made.
Mr. HUNTER- The Senator is mistaken as
to the period. I took the period given at the Post
Office Department, which was nearly two years.
Mr. BAYARD. I am perfectly aware that the
intention of the honorable Senator was not to
make an unfair comparison.^ What I mean by
" unfair " is, that the comparison is nota just one,
for the purpose of ascertaining the probable future
receipts from the Collins line. . -
Mr. HUNTER. The period to which thestate-
ment went was up to the 31st of March, 1852. .
Mr. BAYARD. Conceding the fact to be so,
still these vessels ran from the 27th Ajaril, 1850*
down to the month of November, for which time
the honorable Senator includes the receipts of post-
age. Now, during that time but two vessels were
on the line. They ran at irregular intervals. ^They
were bound to run twice a month, but- there was
no regularity then, as in the case of the Cunard
steamers which ran every week during eight
months in the year. Does any gentleman sup-
pose that with an old line established, for ten
years, the commercial community would abandon
a regular line of postal communication, for the un-
certain days at which thesetwo steamers were then
running, and that, too, when their merits hod not
been tested upon the ocean so as to give confidence
in the certainty and celerity of their voyages? But
again, there were other difficulties, as regards the
transportation of the mail by the .Collins steamers,
which should be considered m reference to the ac-
count of the anterior postages, if any inference is
to be drawn from them as to what will be the
amount of postage for the future. You may not,
it is true, receive he-eafter an amount of postage
sufficient to reimburse your existing allowance
to this line of steamers, but I contend that no fair
calculation of your receipts for the future can be
based upon the previous receipts of postage from
the Collins line. After the steamers of the Amer-
ican line were started in the .year 1850, so much
importance did the British" Government attach to
the mail system—so much were they opposed, to
the American line, so much were they determined
to destroy it if they could, that a Post Office order
was issued, by which they gave notice to the world
that every sea letter mailed in Great Britain, which
was not indorsed with the specific name of the
United States steamer by which it was to be sent,
though mailed before the sailing of the American
steamer, would be retained until the sailing of the
subsequent Cunarder. They adhered to this—
after remonstrance by our Government—until they
were threatened that the postal treaty would be
abandoned if they did not abrogate that order, and
they ultimately yielded. This is not all, as to the
unfair course which was taken by the Government
of Great Britain, in order to prevent the transport-
ation of the mads by the Collins line. Underthe
postal treaty, France was not included; and on a
letter sent from the United States which would be
prepaid to the amount of twenty-one cents, that
is, five cents for American postage, and sixteen
cents for sea postage, the British Government,
down to May, 1851, charged sixteen cents addi-
tional sea postage, as well as transit postage for
transmitting it to France; in other words, a letter
going to France from the United States by a Col-
lins line-steamer paid precisely double theseapost-
age of a letter going to France by a Cunard steamer.
This course was persisted in down to May, 1851.
Again, as regards the transit duty, Great Britain
| still retains for that duty from twenty-four to forty
cents an ounce, for letters sent by our line to the
' continent and to France. We charge her twelve
and ahalf cents an ounceon closed mails sent from
New York to Canada. She 'charges twenty-four
1 cents an ounce on all letters sent to France, and
I from that up to forty cents an ounce on letters
; sent to the Continent.
With these obstacles on the part of the British
Government—with this disposition manifested by
that Government—is it wonderful that with a line
which was not fully organized until the com-
mencement ot 1851, you should not have had re-
turns of postage equivalent to what you may expect
when that line has evinced its superiority of speed
and certainty of passage, and has become by our
aid certainly and permanently established? The
Postmaster General, at the commencement of the
present session of Congress, recommended to our
serious consideration the propriety of putting an
end to the postal treaty, unless Great Britain should
recede from her system, by which she charges
twenty-four cents transit duty on jetters going to
; France and the Continent of Europe. I under-
stand this morning from him, that the probabili-
ties now are, that she will recede, and will accept
a transit duty of twelve and a half cents, which is
