1308
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 10,
the sum she pays to us on closed mails from New j
York ti) Canada; and that such a treaty will prob- I
ably be negotiated. But this difficulty has here- ;
tofore existed, and has afforded a sufficient reason !
why, in atl estimate of the amount of the postage ;
hereafter to be received. you cannot safely and
fairly resort to that which has been hitherto re-
ceived. ' I cannot doubt, when this line is estah-
. lished alternating- with the Cunard line between
New Yoi*k and Liverpool, that at least one half,
if not there, of the postage between the two coun-
tries will come into the Treasury of this Govern-
ment,
■ There is another exception which was urged by
the honorable Senator from Virginia, and that is,
that this amendment imbodies in it some of the I
worst features of the protective system; and he
instances, in support of this objection, as a fact, ;
that certain iron-masters of Pennsylvania, who
came here this winter for the purpose r>f claiming 1
an increased duty upon iron, represented lo him,
as one of theirdifficulties, in consequence of which |
they required protection, that these steamers
brought over large quantities of iron in ballast.
That has been denied by a Senator on this floor. ;
I think there is an error as regards the fact. I do \
know—(for to my misfortune, though [ never was 1
an iron-master myself, I had those intimately con- j
nected with me who were engaged in that busi- i
ness)—that long anterior to the establishment of !
this line of steamers, it was a common complaint '
that transport vessels, passenger vessels, from
Scotland, from Wales from Liverpool, brought
over iron in ballast, at little or no cost, or thatthe
freights were so small that the American iron- i
masters could not compete with them, when they i Necessity, therefore, requires that you should es-
^ U<l «"V V* ♦ f K /M H f 1*1 ^1 fc /-i 1 -i-  t Ia f\ 1 1A ^ All, i 1 .. — . . . — [ t A 1 ■ t . U .. A .. . t 1... _ . l' _ ...... "
; it exceptional to the general rule which the hon-
! orable Senator from Virginia advocated, and in
! which I mainly agree with him. This line stands
; in a different position from others; and in the vote
j which I shall give in reference to this appropria-
| tion, I do not commit myself to an appropriation
j for any other line, unless it can be brought within
| similar circumstances and is affected by similar
• causes.
| There is yet another objection on the part of the
| distinguished Senator from Virginia, that the ef- !
| feet of this grant in to build up .New York to an
! extent whicn is invidious and wrong. He spoke
of other parts of the country, and said if you made
this giant to New York, it would be your duty to
make grants for lines from other cities in the
Union. Sir, I cannot so view this appropriation.
The Senator from Michigan [Mr. Cass] has fully
answered this point. The reason why you make
this grant to a line from New York results from
her locality. New York is the great center of
your commerce. Two thirds of it is concentered
there. She is connected with the great center of
European commerce—Liverpool. This lin.e runs
from the one place to the other. In my judgment,
the principle upon which your mail facilities must
be granted is, the wants of the community and the
course of your commerce. As a general rule,
correspondence and travel will follow in the path-
way of commerce. I hold, therefore, that this
grant is not founded upon any peculiar favor to
New York, but is given to her because of her
local position, and for the benefit of theinterests of
the whole Union. The foreign commercial interests
of the United States are concentered at New York.
brought their iron from the interior of the coun
try to the sea-board.. I have never yet understood
that that objection applied" to these steamers. At 1
all events, the evil existed before to just as great ,
an extent, and did not arise out of'this system, i
But | mean to express no opinion now on the pro- ;
priety or expediency of increasing the duty on
iron, either one way or the other, but 1 do say, !j oathofanmdifferentperson,thatisan uninterested
that if it is to be increased it must be from consid- ;! person, that the average annual amount of their ex-
tablish a commercial line of steamers m connec-
tion with that great point of your foreign com-
merce. Ilence I conclude that tins line ought to
be sustained.
The next question is as to the extent of com-
pensation which is necessary for that purpose.
The owners of the line have proved to you, by the
erations totally different -from those which apply
to the present appropriation.
It is not a parallel case to say that the iron in-
terest is depressed by the capital and wealth of
Great Britain, and therefore ought to be protected.
That cannot be compared with "the case of the Col-
lins jine, which asks an increased allowance from
you, based upon the fact of the direct action of
the British Government, in support of their line.
The British line stands sustained by the treasury
of Great Britain, if gentlemen will show me that
the iron interest, or any manufacturing interest,
or any other interest in this country, is affected by
the governmental support of a conflicting interest
in another country, { will agree to go to any ex-
tent in countervailing that. I willgiveto the hon-
orable Senator a parallel case, in my judgment:
Suppose the Government of Great Britain were to
grant a bounty of <£(> per ton, or any other sum
penses exceeded the amount of their receipts from
all sources by nearly $17,000 a voyage. It is said
that this testimony is ex parte. Why, that is a
strange objection to be heard in this Chamber,
when theie is not a claim which you pass upon
which is not founded puiely upon ex parte testi-
mony, and testimony, allow me to say, of the
loosest character. Youhave here a detaded state-
ment of the items of cost, taken from the books of
this company, sworn to by an uninterested party,
showing exactly the amount of their loss. What
is the reply to that? The honorable Senator from
Virginia tells you that he has had a conjectural
statement made by a young gentleman of talents
and promise, who is an engineer m the Navy, and
that his statement shows that $300,000 a year
ought to cover the running expenses of these ves-
sels; and he goes on to argue upon that basis to
show that the extent of the proposed grant would
you please, on iron exported to the United States, !j be entirely beyond what ought to be "p\id by the
r *• * ' 1 ct— -*■* •' • Government, and that no further extension of aid
was necessary to sustain this line. But if the .
basis of the calculation be wrong, the calculation ■
itself, of course, cannot be righC
Would the honorable Senator oppose a conjec-
tural statement, of which not c\en the items are
given, made out by an individual, who, however
talented he may be, can have no particular knowl-
edge of all the expenses incident to a sea-going
line of steamers between New York and Live;
I ask that honorable Senator if he or any other
man on this floor would count the cost of coun-
tervailing that? Would he not impose a corre-
sponding tax on British iron, for the purpose of
shielding American industry from the direct action
of the British Government7 Sir, this is an ex-
ceptional case. The very basis on which it stands
makes it entirely defensible.
Mr. President, free trade, even by those who
advocate it to the utmost extent, must be founded j
upon thedoctrine of reciprocity. Reciprocity is ,j pool; the dock charges; the extent of the supplies
the doctrine of our Government. It is true, that j| necessary for passengers, and all the incidental '
foreign ^ Governments may force you, by their
action, into a course of pMicy which, if they ab-
stained from action, would be unwise on onrpart.
I am willing to trust American skill and American
industry in competition.-with any people on the
globe, when they stand nation opposed to nation,
without governmental interference. But if the
treasury of a foreign nation is poured into the laps
of individuals for the purpose of destroying either
the iron interest of my country, or for the purpose
of building up a commercial marine at the expense
ofthecommercennd prosperity of theUnited States I
I, for one, will count no cost in countervailing such j
governmental action on the part of Great Britain, i
or any other foreign power. This is a case, there- j
fore, of the direct application of the funds of the I
British nation in sustaining their line, which makes !
expenses of vessels of such a size, ia which lie
(i may have never traveled, and as to which he can !
'! have no practical knowledge, to a statement which !
; gives us the details of actual expenditures? Are!
I; we to take an estimate, a mere esiimate in gross, ;
without knowing what, items enter into the calcu-
lation? Are we to take a conjectural estimate, f
which places the cost of running the&e vessels at
$300,000, in opposition to the actual expend.tuies
i proved by the oath of an uninterested nartv?
| But there is another answer to thi& soecus of
evidence. ^ ou have facts sworn *o on the one '
side; and you have a conjectural estimate, wilhoiu
items, on the other side'. Yon have also the fact
that the owners of this line, anterior to its estab-
lishment, had been successful merchants in the
city of New York, as ship-owners; that Mr. Col-
lins conducted a packet line in New York, with
skill and success, for years anterior to his embark-
ing iu this business. You have the further fact,
that there could be no motive for making the ex-
penditures lavish and unnecessary, with a view to
contingent chances of a successful claim upon the
bounty of Congress for an enlarged appropriation.
It is vain to suppose that such a motive could have
entered into the minds of rational men. When
you take these undeniable facts connected with the
matters sworn to by a disinterested witness, taken
i' from the books of the company, on wb«*t ground
11 is it that you can rely upon conjecture, as opposed
j! to facts so supported?
|l But the honorable Senatorfrom Kentucky [Mr.
{j Underwood] makes an estimate against these
!j facts also, not in order to show that these expenses
|j Imvenot been incurred, but to show that they have
j| been improvidently incurred. His estimate ex-
;i eludes almost all the importantitems; and because
|[ he, as well as I, are both ignorant of the subject,
:■ he draws inferences against the expenditures.
Now, I should suppose that the former manage-
1' ment of these parties in the business in which they
were pieviously engaged, the want of motive on
their part foi ah extravagant expenditure, and the
general character of the contractors, may well rebut
the inferences of the honorable Senator from Ken-
tucky. The honorable Senator from Tennessee,
[Mr. Jones,] will not go beyond $25,000 a voyage,
because, he says, that is larger than the allowance
which the British Government makes to the Cu-
nard line. Allow me to remark, that the allowance
by the British Government is no criterion for us;
but if you will take the example of England, take
the whole of her example. Cunard established
his line in 1839. At that time the rate of compen-
sation allowed him by the Biitish Government
was =£65,000 or $325,000; and after a short time
the expenses of the undertaking were so heavy in
proportion to the receipts, that he suspended pay-
ment. The British Government did not then aban-
don him, but they advanced his compensation to
§425,000 a year; and in pursuance of their policy,
when we determined to establish a line between
New York and Liverpool, (for they had no line
running there previously,) they doubled the grant
to Cunard in order to enable'him to establish a
rival line. They have gone on and encouraged
that line by appiopriations sufficient to sustain and
enlarge it.
I have said thatthe amount which they allowed,
is no criterion for the allowance which should be
made by us. Let point out here what I con-
sider an error m one of the calculations of the hon-
orable Senatorfrom Virginia, as it affects in part,
the argument of the honorable Senator from Ten-
nessee, inasmuch as it shows that the allowance
to the Cunard line is greater than is supposed even
on the admitted facts. The honorable Senator
| from Virginia says, thai the allowance per trip, or
| voyage, to the Cunard line, at <£145,000 peran-
t num, is $14,000 a voyage. Now, I make it
: £16,354 a voyage. The basis of that calculation,
j i will state, and if there be error if, the Senator
I can point it out. Taking ^£145,000 sterling, which
was the sum paid to Cunard anterior to his being
. ordered up to weekly trips, it would amount to
$703,000, computing the pound sterling at $4 85,
I which is about the average rate of exchanges. The
j variance, however, can be very little, whether you
I take it at $4 80 or $4 85 to the pound. The re-
i duction of the pound sterling to dollars at these
! diffeient rates produces the difference between the
statement which we nave heard, of $696,000 and
i $703,000. If we divide ^703,000 by forty-three,
: the number of trips which the Cunard line were
| bound to perform before they were ordered up to
; fifty-two trips, and itffives $16,354 per trip,
j Mr. HUNTER. The Senator will perceive that
| he is bringing;up the old difficulty, as to whether
; the compensation is <£170,000 odd, or <£145,000.
' The statement of -i'145,000, or $696,000, was the
, statement emanating from the Post Office Depart-
ment, and furnished by the chairman of the Post
I O'Tice Committee. I took his statement in prefer-
■ ence to the one which wan made upon a suoposi-
i tion. Now, according to the last accounts we
' received, the Cun-'-rders were ordered up to fifty-
•• wo trips a year. Well, fifty-two trips at 3,696,000
• would give'something less than §14,000 a trip;
■ but it is now stated that, o\v;n? to the fact that
< they had been ordered up to fifty-two trips, they
j had already had a pro rata increase, making the
