w®
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 2fi,
the same latitude of debate will be extended to
others.
Mr. CLING-MAN. I move that my colleague
hare leave to proceed in order.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the pro-
position?
Mr. SWEETSER objected.
The question was then taken on Mr. Cling-
man's motion; and it was agreed to. ,
Mr. VENABLE, (resuming.) I profoundly
regret that 1 should have been so unfortunate in
presenting my views, as that any gentleman, or
the Chair, should have supposed that I was out of
order. I was arguing to snow, that my objection
to the proposition to give this printing to the par-
ticular individuals named in the resolution, might
give color to the charge that this House were sus-
taining a press with the view of giving it weight
in the coming presidential election; that this Con-
gress was making themselves a party to such
an arrangement, and identifying themselves ■with
a party struggle by pensioning a press, which
would be active in the formation of public opin-
ion. It seems to me that this was relevant, as an
argument why the printing should not be given to
-Donelson & Armstrong. I assure the House,
however, that I had no purpose to say anything
that was not directly relevant to the subject before
us. But suppose that this proposition—as is not
the ca|e—limited the committee to bargain with a
notoriously corrupt man—and I am only putting
an extreme case—it would then be certainly in
order to say that the resolution "was wrong, be-
cause it limited the committee to bargain with a
very unsuitable person. And that was the whole
drift of my remarks. Such a press, fed by the
Government out of the public Treasury, might
succeed in forcing upon the country one who was
not suitable for the object in view. The commit-
tee, in no event, should be limited by a vote of this
House to any particular individual, inasmuch as
it narrowed down the field of selection, and must
result, in the progress of events, m a system of
favoritism, which neither the principles of justice
nor the good sense of the people would tolerate.
When called to-order by the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Polk,] I had yielded the floor to
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Howe,]
who asked me whether I would vote for General
Cass or Mr. Douglas? I hope it is not out of
order to be respectful to the gentleman, and I re-
ply—that I drew a character for whom I would
not vote; if it fits no person, it damages no one;
if it does, it is his fault, not mine; but I decline to
make a personal application of my remarks upon
the call lie has made. 1 have now said what I
intended to say relative to the Presidency, and
what I have said was legitimately connected with
the subject-matter before the House. I have said
it because 1 think it. due to the country, that its
representatives should not adopt an indirect sys-
tem of'pensioning the press. No editors of the
journals of the country should be enabled by jobs
thrown in their way to make a fortune out of the
Treasury for mere party purposes. I appeal to
this House to say whether it is proper that this
job should be appropriated in the manner which
this resolution proposes, merely because a major-
ity of this House have the power to do it. If the
House desires to elect a public printer, let it be
done, and the rates and compensation fixed. But
it is certainly wrong to do so by indirection.
Every man should have his just dues. But if it
is a bad plan to let out the public printing to the
lowest bidder, do not adopt the other extreme of
letting it out to the highest bidder 1 If we pass
this resolution, and give the contract to Donelson |
& Armstrong, we exclude competition; and if they '
will not do it at what the committee consider a I
reasonable price, you will have no printing done, !■
or you will have this subject back again in this !'
House for discussion. The whole matter will have ;
another hearing and another derision. I trust the :
time is near for us to have a printing bureau, as a !
part of our organization, and the printing executed i
by our own employees—when the whole work I.
shall be done by us, and the entire matter be un- !'
der our own control—that the time is near when !
we shall get rid of this job work—this bleeding the !>
Treasury in order to obtain the means of propa-
gating particular political doctrines, and for the
purpose of controlling public sentiment. 'We
have already had a good deal of experience in this
matter. I have lately seen at least one article pub-
K
lished in an organ, and editorially introduced, as
| possessing the entire proportions of the original
' publication, when, in fact, one half of the original
article which it professed to quote, was excluded,
and the portion republished was turned to an en-
tirely diiferent purpose from that designed by its
author. The first part published apparently as a
whole was quite unexceptionable, and this latter
portion which did not appear giving an offensive
character to it all. It reminded me of Milton's
archangel, ruined, still beautiful and imposing in
the upper portion of his person, but very much
deformed about the lower extremities, [laughter.]
For myself I decline to give such papers the pub-
lic patronage. While I am for paying to the last
cent every man in our employ, and while I am
for making a liberal allowance for that time—
while I am unwilling that any man should
work for me, or the people I represent, or the
government to which I belong, without a full,
fair, liberal, and generous compensation, yet I de-
mand that our accounts shall be settled m a busi-
ness-like manner. I wish to know for what we
are contracting. When the bargain is to be made,
all the printers in the country, all the press of the
country, should be invited to come into fair and
honorable competition. . Let the committee receive
propositions from any who may propose to do the
work, and then let them decide as they may think
proper, according to the merits of the several com-
petitors. I am in favor of the amendment of my
friend from Maryland, [Mr. Evans,] that the pa-
per shall be furnished by the Government, and
the names of the individuals in the resolution be
; stricken out.
Mr. GORMAN. Will the gentleman from
North Carolina allow me for a moment? That
gentleman is aware that Clair & Rives did the
printing for the last census. Now, the price paid
in that case may be a guide for the price in this.
Now, I ask the gentleman from North Carolina,
if he supposes any committee composed of honor-
able men, and honest men, who have the letting
of that contract, will, for the purpose of allow-
ing' any party to make money for any political
purpose or any other purpose, make an arrange-
ment for this census printing at rates above those
generally paid for'the same kind of work ?
Mr. VENABLE. The gentleman knows that
I do not doubt the honesty and integrity of any
member of that committee.
Mr. GORM.AN. Then I hope the gentleman
will not continue to insist that the course of pro-
ceeding proposed in this resolution will result in
corruption. If I supposed myself capable of an
action of this kind, 1 should consider myself un-
worthy of a seat in this body.
Mr. YENABLE. It was no part of my pur-
pose in making these remarks, to implicate my
honorable, gallant friend, the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Printing. I know that he would recoil
j from contamination or the suspicion of corruption
j with the sensibility of a wound—his nature is too
j elevated, and his heart too pure. This is also true
i of honorable gentlemen connected with him upon
that committee. I have the highest confidence in
them. But they are not practical printers. They
do not understand the art and mystery of printing,
and therefore 1 say that the contract should not be
given unconditionally to Donelson & Armstrong,
and leave them to set their own prices. Besides,
[ I will show that the census printing under Blair &
| Rives was very different from the census printing
\ now, aud that the prices of printing and paper aie
' now greatly below the rates at the date of then-
contract.
Mr. GORMAN". If the gentleman will allow
me I will tell him that one member pf the Com-
mittee on Pnnting,upon the part of the Senate,
[Mr. HamljUj] is a practical printer.
Mr. YENABLE. That makes the chance a
great deal better. But, as I was proceeding to say,
1 will show that the census printing under Blair
& Rives was a very di/Ferent matter from what
the census printing is now. "VVe have been shown
that it will take volumes upon volumes to com-
plete it. The office of Superintendent promises to
fill the coming decade. I have not stated, nor do
I intend to state, what Blair & Rives made by
that contract. They confess to a large amount
made by contract, and it is theirs. But if I have
made an improvident bargain once, and did not
avoid the mistake the next time, then experience
would be worthless. We learn nothing if not made
more cautious, and we repeat the same blunder.
It is best that you should strike out the names of
the individuals designated from the resolution.
They may obtain the contract if they will perform
it cheaper and better than anybody else. But
prudence demands that whenever this bargain is
made, that propositions should be received from
any and all practical printers to do the mechanical
work, and the Government furnish the paper. I
ask, and I hope some gentleman will tell me, why
Donelson & Armstrong are to have this printing?
I ask again, and I receive no answer, why are
they selected from all others to do this work ?
What peculiar claim have they ?
A Voice. Why should they not have it?
Mr. VENABLE. Why should they have it?
They have no claims upon me that I know of.
They have held me up in common with those with
whom 1 have acted as Southern fanatics cooper-
ating with Northern Abolitionists! They have de-
nounced us in the strongest terms which they were
capable of using. They have no claims upon me,
and I wish to let them know it. A course such
as this journal has pursued can never create a
claim upon the confidence of those who received
their denunciations. What claims have they upon
the Government? What claims have they more
than any other printers? What more than Blair
& Rives—more than Boyd Hamilton, already ex-
ecuting a ruinous contract, struggling with the
embarrassments arising out of that contract, and
claiming this printing at our hands ? It is a job
of practical printing, and practical printing alone;
but Boyd Hamilton is no editor, merely an hum-
ble laborer at the press. Then I should like to
know—and the question has not been answered—
from whence and how did this claim of Donelson
& Armstrong originate?
Mr. Speaker, 1 have spoken plainly, because I
think plainness and candor becoming and proper.
I have, without resentment, given expression to
the convictions of my understanding, and the feel-
ings of my heart. I mean to act independently
and without any concealment of my views. The
time when I had feelings of resentment has passed
away. The assault upon the old line Republican
State-Rights Democracy was, so far as I was con-
cerned > fierce, but impotent. But the memory
of events is not so easily obliterated. I believe
that we are deeply responsible for the dissemina-
tion of unsound opinions—more so, indeed, than
for criminal acts. The one is a general and ex-
tensive evil; the other limited it its effect, and dis-
armed by the deformity of the vice. I confess
that my spirit chafed when I saw in a paper pur-
porting to be the organ of the party to which, from
my youth up, I had belonged, denunciations on
those, the gravamen of whose offence was, that
they concurred with Jefferson and the Republican
fathers—that they adhered to the ancient Repub-
lican landmarks, and venerated almost to idolatry
the Constitution. The selection of the editors of
that organ as the peculiar favorites of this body is
the exclusion of all others—the extinction of any
chance of competition; a selection which, to be
just, must be founded upon acknowledged public
service and extraordinary individual capabilities.
No evidence of either has been furnished, and I
insist that so extensive and costly an operation be
submitted to the ordinary competition which the
custom of the country has made law; that the law
requiring the printing to be let by contract to bid-
ders be complied with, for it is unrepealed, and
that our present printer at least have a chance to
recuperate from the effects of a b d contract, by a
chance for a better one.
Mr.NABERS. I shall take particular pleasure
m paying a little attention to a few of the obser-
vations which have fallen from the lips of the dis-
tinguished gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr..
Vekable.] I am prepared, to some extent, to ap-
preciate his allusion to the Washington Union.
And I am prepared, to a limited extent, to appre-
ciate the feelings of the gentleman, for he has, no
doubt, felt the weight of that paper during the last
summer and the last fall.
Mr. VENABLE. If thegentleman will allow
me, I will merely say, that I was elected by one
thousand four hundred and forty majority of the
voters in my district.
_ Mr. NABERS. I will say to the gentleman,
if that will give currency to a speech, I was elected
by three thousand majority of the voters in my
district. But I am going to speak of the doctrines
