1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
897
promulgated m the Washington Union, and before
the people too. And by the by, without mean-
ing the slightest disparagement to the gentleman
from North Carolina, or his constituents, I will
say, that I was elected by a constituency equal in
intelligence with those of the gentleman to whom
I propose, briefly, to reply. Now, I ask, what
terrible thing has Donelson & Armstrong done?
What breach of the law have they beenguilty of,
that they are to be condemned here, in connection
with the resolution now under consideration?
Why, they have been teaching consolidation!
They- have been teaching Federalism! Now, 1
put it to gentleman upon this floor, Have the
editors of that paper been engaged in teaching
federalism, or consolidation? or have they only
departed from the gentleman's particular views
of these things? To be more explicit, have they
departed from the text, or from the gentleman's
commentary upon the text? I wish to "know that.
While the gentleman charges upon that paper the
inculcation of such sentiments as have fallen fi om
his lips to-day, I desire to know if it may not be
possible that he, too, might possibly be mistaken
with regard to the true and orthodox doctrines of
the Democratic party ? Who are Donelson &
Armstrong? I never heard them charged as Con-
solidation's and Federalists until 1851. Never !
Mr. OUR. I call the gentleman to order.
ICnes of " Go on!" " Go on!"]
'Air. ORR continued. I hope the gentleman
will be allowed to proceed in discussing the resolu-
tion before the House; but it seems to me this de-
bate would be much more appropriate in Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
A Member. Then let us go into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The Chair was not disposed
to arrest the gentleman from Mississippi [Mr.
Nabers] in the course of his remarks; but it cer-
tainly is not in order to discuss the subject pro-
posed to be discussed by that gentleman. His
lemaikft, m the opinion of the Chair, are irrele-
vant to the subject.
Mr. FREEjVIAN. I move that the gentleman
have liberty proceed.
Mr. McMULLlN. I ask the gentleman from
Mississippi to give way in order for me to move
an adjoummeni.
[Cries of " Oh no!" " Oh no!"]
Mr. McMULLlN. I desire to inquire of the
Chair if this matter will not come up to-morrow
again ?
The SPEAKER. It will come up as unfinished
business.
Mr. McMULLlN. Then I move that the
House do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and
The House adjourned till twelve o'clock to-
morrow.
NOTICE OF A BTLL.
M . WASHBURN gave notice of his intention tointio-
duce a bill entitled "An act foi shortening the transit of the
mails between New York and London."
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions, memorials, &c., were presented
under the lule, and referred to the appiopriate committees:
By Mr. JOHN W.HOWE: The petition of E. F. Curtis,
of Pennsylvania, praying Congress to pa&s a law making
land wai rants undei the ant ol lbf>0 assignable.
Also, two petitions from sundry citizens o{ Butler and
Beaver counties, Pennsylvania, piaying Congress to estab-
lish a post route fjom Butlei county to New Bwshton, m
Beavei county, via Petersviile, Evansbuig, Zelienople,
and William Butt's Store.
By Mr. POKTEU Five petitions, signed by over three
bundled citizen* of Marion, Shelby, and Macon counties,
Missouri, asking the establishment of a post road from
Hannibal to Uloonnngton, via Warren, Oak-Dale, Shelby-
ville, &e.
By Mr. GOODRICH: The petition of E. P. Day and
others, for an appiopnanon to defray the expenses inclined
by contributor of aitides from the United States to the In- ;
duftual Exhibition in "London. i
By Mr. ROBiNSOX : The piocecdmgsof a public meet- 1
ing of citizens of Lawiencebuu;, Indiana, pra)me adivie>- j
uvi of Indian Tcnitory southwest of Mi^ouu river, and :
To, dcilmno- the limit* of Xebia.^ka, and tor othei purposes. J
Aso, the" petition of Thomas Hamilton, John C. Ivmg, j
and other, of Decatur county. Indiana, praying foi the |
or-nblrhmont of international aihiUatmn, &e„ i
Bv Mr. JOHNSON, ol Tennessee: A pieamble and res-
olution-- beating the fo'lowtngtiUe, viz : Land ReJoun. '
RcfOlutiuns adopted at a public meeting of the inhabit- ,
anN of the county ot Dwarboin, State o! Indiana, convened <
in the town of Auroia, m the &aid count}, on the 16th day j
of Januaiv. 18^, leeonnnendmg a roloinuu the land law* j
, of the Tinted States,and that the public lands be granted in j
' small spaieels to actual settlers for cultivation, tree of ex- >
action by the Government. !
By Mr. HORSFORD: The petition of sundry citizens |
Of Ontario county, New York, p'-aying for an appropriation !
to reimbuise to individual contributors to the Industrial Ex- i
hibiuoo at London, the expenses which they have been I
obliged to pay.
By Mr. BRIGGS : The memorial of Walter Tl. Jones and I
others, asking Congress foi the immediate establishment of j
a Mint of the United State* in the city of New Yoi k; to- J
gether with a statement of the amount of gold bullion .
received at the port of New York fiom California duiing ,
the year 1851. !
By Mr. EDGERTON: The petition of Nathan Avcrill :
for a grant of land. !
Also, the petition of citizens of Henry county, Ohio, for )
a mail route fiom Kahda, Ohio, to Aduan, Michigan. i
Also, the petition of citizens ot Williams county, Ohio, j
foi a mail route from Bryan, via Nimrod, West Bufi'aio, and j
Lakes Comer, to Nettle Lake. j
Also, tbe petition of Amiable Brileau for remuneration i
for lo-^e? m the Revolution, as a refugee from Canada, and j
foi a giant of land. !
By Mr. GAYLORD : The petition of E. G. Coulaon, and |
240 citizens of Morgan comity, Ohio, asking for the uneon- j
ditional lepeal of the fugitive law. j
By Mr. McLANAIJAN : A petition from citizens of i
Union and Peiry comities, Pennsylvania, desiring the estab- !
hshment of a post louce from MiHestown, Perry county, to
Mifflin&buig, Union county.
By Mr FOWLER: The petition of C. P. SUckney and
616 others, legal vnteis of Fall River and Taunton, in Bris-
tol county, Massachusetts, piajing for the passage of tauff
laws lor the benefit ol American citizens.
By Mr. AHPLETON, of Maine: The petition of Eben-
ezer Evans, for increase of pension; and
Also, the petition ot the children of Joseph Dale, fur a
pension.
By Mr. ASHE: The petition of Thomas F. Ganse, pray-
ing for additional compensation, as deputy maishal, to
take the Census.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, January 27, 1852.
Prayer by the Rev. L. F. Morgan.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a communication from the War Depart-
ment, transmitting, in compliance with the resolu-
tion of the Senate of the 22d instant, a copy of a
letter " from Colonel Benjamin Huger to General
George Talcott, bearing date at Fort Monroe Ar-
senal, November 5, 1850;" which was read and
referred to the Committee on Military A.ifturs.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a communication fiom the Treasury De-
partment, containing a statement of the Marine
Hospital fund for the fiscal year ending June 30,
1851; which was read.
Ordered, That it he on the table and be printed. i
PETITIONS. * |
Mr. BADGER presented the memorial of Rob-
ert Burns, assistant marshal of the county of
Davidson, North Carolina; the memorial of R. B.
Morney, assistant marshal of the county of .
North Carolina; the memorial of Thomas F.
Gause, assistant marshal of the county of New
Hanover, North Carolina; the memorial of Rich-
ard Faimtle, assistant marshal of the county of
Chatham, North Carolina; the memorial of R.
Barnes, assistant marshal of the county of Jones,
North Carolina; the memorial of K. £urrie, as-
sistant maishal of the county of Robeson, North
Carolina; the memorial ofEdward Vail, assistant
marshal of the county of Sampson, North Caro-
lina; the memorial of Charles W. Lee, assistant
marshal of the county of Johnston, North Caro-
lina; the memorial of John D. Hawkins, ]un.,
assistant maishal of the county of Franklin, North
Carolina; the memorial of John P. Pitt, assistant
marshal of the county of Edgecomb, North Caro-
lina; and the memorial of P. A. Jones, assistant
marshal of the county of Granville, North Caro-
lina; praying additional compensation for taking
the Seventh Census: which were referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate the memorial of Charles Bingham, United
States marshal for the southern district of Alabama,
and his assistants for taking the Seventh Census,
prating additional compensation; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. BERRIEN presented a petition of the Bar ■
of Georgia, praying that the salary of the district ;
judge of the United States for that State may be
increased; which was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. FISH presented the memorial of George
Gnswold and others, citizens of New York, pray-
ing the establishment of a United States Mint in
that city; which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. BRADBURY presented the memorial of
Cornelius Vanderbilt, proposing to contract for
carrying the mail between New York and San
Francisco twice a month by the Nicaragua route;
which was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Mr. MALLORY submitted documents in sup-
port of the claim of W. F. Russell to indemnity
for property destroyed by the United States troops
in Florida; which was referred to the Committee
of Claims.
Mr. SHIELDS presented the petition of the
heirs of Elisha Merriman, a revolutionary soldier,
praying a pension; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Also, the petition of Joseph Smith, sen., praying
compensation for services rendered and supplies
furnished the United States in the Black Hawk
war; which was referred to the Committee of
Claims.
Also, the petition of Orris Crosby, praying an
increase of pension: which was referred to the
Comwittee on Pensions.
Mr. SOULE presented the petition of the Ger-
man Society of New Orleans, praying that the
transportation of passengers on steamboats on the
western waters may be regulated by law; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. DAVIS, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Caroline L. Eustis, on the
files or thy denote, be refuued to the Committee on Revo-
lutionaiy Claims.
On motion by Mr. DAVIS, it was
Ordeied, That tbe petition of Silas L. Loomis, on the
files of tbe Senate, be reietred to the Committee of Claims.
• On motion by Mr. PEARCE, it was
Ordered, That the petition oi Hans Nelson, on the files
of tlio Senate, be lofcrred to the Committee on Naval Af-
faii?.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
On motion by Mr. SHIELDS, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Military Affairs be dis-
charged from the fuitlier consideration of the memorial of
the Oneida Indians, and that it be referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
On motion by Mr. SHIELDS, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Military Affairs be dis-
chaiged from tbe fuithcr consideration of the memoriaJ of
John M. Mcintosh, and that it be referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
Mr. WADE, from the Committee of Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of Lieutenant
John VJ. Patterson, reported ''That the prayer
of the petition ought not to be granted."
lie also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Jose Baya, reported,
" That the prayer of the petition ought not to be
granted."
Mr. FOOT, from the Committee of Claims, to
whom was referred the petition of Phoebe Glover,
submitted an adverse report; which was read.
Mr. BAYARD, from the Committee of Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of Joseph Hill,
submitted an adverse report; which was ordered
to be printed.
Mr. MALLORY, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, to whom was referred the petition of
John M.Simonton, submitted a report, accompa-
nied by a bill for his relief.
The bill was read and passed to the second read-
ing.
Mr. FISH, from the Committee on Naval Af-
. fairs, to whom was referred the petition of John
| S. Devlin, administrator of Elijah J. Weed, sub-
| mitted a report, accompanied by a bill for the relief
| of the securities of Elijah J. Weed, late GLuarter-
J master of Marines, deceased.
The bill was read and passed to the second read- i*
ing. W
Ordered, That the report be punted.
Mr. FOOT, from the Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred the petition of Nancy
Wright, submitted a report, accompanied by a bill
, for her relief.
I The bill was read and passed to the secondread-
j ins.
{ O) dercd, That the report be punted.
i Mr. RUSK, from the Committee on the Post
1 Office and Post Roads, to whom was referred the
i petition of Robert Jarmeson and'Benjamin Wil-
liamson, submitted a report, accompanied by a bill
for their relief.
