898
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 27,
The bill was read and
to the second read-
4
He also, from the same committee, to whom was
referred the petition of N. Kuykendall, submitted
a report,' accompanied by a bill for his relief.
The bill was read and passed to the second read-
ing-
Ordered, That the report be printed.
Mr. DAWSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the memorial
IX D. Mitchell, submitted a report, accompanied
' by*a bill for the relief of Lieutenant Colonel Mitch-
ell, of the State of Missouri.
The bill was read and passed to the second read-
ing.
Ordered, That the report be printed.
, Mr, STOCKTON, from tl\e Committee on Na-
val Affairs, to whom was referred the memorial of
Wm. A. Christian, submitted a report, accompa-
nied by a bill for his relief.
The bill was read and passed to the second read-
ing.
Ordered, That the report be pjinted.
Mr. NORRIS, from the Committee on Foreign
Relations, to whom was referred the petition of
G. Thomas Howard, reported a bill for his relief.
The bill was read and passed to the second read-
ing.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. FISH gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce a bill for the relief of William
Bedient, late a sergeant in the 4th regiment of
artillery.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. CLEMENS, agreeably to previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill to
extend the benefit of the act to regulate intercourse
withe Indian tribes, and to preserve peace on the
frontiers, approved the 30th of June, 1834, to the
people of the State of Texas, and others; which
was read a first and second time by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
On the motion of Mr. WHITCOMB, the bill
introduced by him yesterday, entitled "A bill
granting the right of way and making a grant land
to the States of Indiana, Illinois, and Iowa, in aid
of the construction of a railroad from Wabash to
the Missouri river," was read a second time and
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
GOVERNMENT WAREHOUSES.
Mr. HUNTER submitted the following resolu-
tion for consideration; which was considered by
unanimous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed
to report to the Senate the number of public warehouses
now leased by the Government, the places where leased,
she periods for which thevare longed, the terms upon which
they are Joased, and the amount expended upon them for
labor and other purposes.
LIBRARY OF CONGRESS.
Mr. PEARCE submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which was considered by unanimous consent,
and agreed to:
Resolced, That the Committee on Public Buildings be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of enlarging, re-
pamng, and refitting the principal apartment heretofore
occupied by the Cibrary of Congress. 5.0 that it may he en-
tirely fire-proof and capable ot further extension in har-
mony with the general plan of the Capitol, upon the removal
of the Senate and House of Representatives and their of-
fices to the wings of the Capitol.
NAVAL APPOINTMENTS.
Mr. HALE submitted the following resolution
for consideration:
Resohed, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of providing by
law tl at appointments hi the naval set vice of the Uip'ed
States shall hereafter be for a limited time, winch shall be
expressed in the commissions.
CAPTAIN WILLIAM K. LATIMER.
The Senate, on the motion of Mr. HALE,
proceeded to consider the following resolution, re-
ported from the Committee on Printing:
" Resolved, That two thousand additional copies of the
cJiarucs and specifications, before the com tot inquiry against
William K. Latimer, a captain in the Navy of the United
States, and the accompanying papers, which were ordered
to be printed, be printed for the use of the Senate."
Mr. BORLAND. I simply wish to call the
attention of the Senate to the character of that
resolution. T^he proceedings of the court of in-
quiry, in the case of Captain Latimer, were called
for by a resolution of the Senate, and when they
were received they were referred to the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs. The usual number of copies
of those papers was ordered to be printed for the
use of the Senate, on the recommendation of the
Committee on Naval Affairs. This is a proposi-
tion to print two thousand additional copies. The
Committee on Printing directed me to report in
favor of the resolution, and i have done so. My
opinion, however, as an individual Senator is,
that the resolution ought not to be adopted. I
say this without reference to the merits of the
question involved in the papers, but simply be-
cause I think it is contrary to the ruleusually acted
on, that is, to refuse to print additional numbers of
| copies of papers of this sort. They relate, as *1
understand it, simply to a personal quarrel be-
tween individuals, &nd the printing of the papers
will be, to that extent, taking a part by the Senate
in the quarrel. No public interest, that I can see,
is to be advanced by the publication. If the par-
ties desire that the public should be more generally
informed on the subject, let them print these copies
at their own expense, and send them out to the
country.
Mr. HALE. I ask the attention of the Senate,
and I will not occupy its time for five minutes. I
have read these papers. They relate to two of
the most important questions that can come before
the Senate. They relate to the government of the
Navy. Theyrelateto the rights of junior officers,
under alleged oppression by their superiors. It
must be manifest to everybody that they are ques-
tions of high interest. I do not pretend to pass an
opinion upon the merits involved in the case; but
I tell the Senate, that these papers relate vitally,
to the rights of every junior officer under a supe-
rior. And what strikes my mind with more force
is, they relate to the rights of every private sea-
man in the Navy of the United States. They
have been submitted to the Naval Committee, and
ordered to be printed. The usual number has been
ordered to be printed; and it seems to me, on ques-
tions of this magnitude, if we have a report of the
Committee on Printing, it is but a small matter to
print two tnousand copies of an official document,
relating to the most vital questions that affect the
American Navy, and not, as I understand, to a
mere private and personal quarrel.
Mr. ATCHISON. 1 have but one word to say
in relation to this matter. I suppose this document
was communicated, in the first place, for the ac-
tion of the Senate, and ordered to be printed for
the use of the Senate. In addition to that, it is
now proposed to print two thousand extra copies
for distribution. For whose information are these
two thousand copies to be printed ? Is it for the
information of the American people at large? Or
| is it for the information of a few select individuals,
outside of the SenateChamber, outside of the walls
| of Congress? I would like these questions to be
I answered.
If this is a question for the action of the Sen-
! ate, it is proper and right that the document should
I be printed, in order that each Senator may exam-
ine it for himself. But I can see no earthly good
to be effected by printing these additional num-
bers. I do not know what portion of the commu-
nity is to be enlightened by the printing of two
thousand additional copies of this document. If
it is a document of high importance; if it is one
j in which the American people feel a deep interest,
t ten thousand or twenty thousand copies should be
| printed. It seems to me that the motion does not(
| go far enough, on this account. The fact that the
i resolution only proposes to print two thousand
I copies satisfies my mind that it is for the purpose
' of distributing this document among u very few.
; I have not read the document, and from what has
i been ssid of it, I cannot conceive that it would be
i of the least interest to any portion of the people of
! the State of Missouri. It may be of interest to
, the officers of the Navy, for aught I know. It may
i be of interest to persons connected with the Navy.
Ifso, ascertain the number actually necessary, and
j place them at the disposal of the Secretary of the
i Navy, fordistribution. For my own part, I do not
desire to be troubled with documents of this char-
acter. If this resolution should be adopted, I sup-
pose my distributive share would be one sixtieth
part of two thousand. What disposition to make
of such a number I do not know.
Mr. HALE. I am exceedingly sorry to meet
this opposition. I believe that yesterday we or-
dered five thousand extra copies to be printed of
the geological survey of the State of Iowa. That
is a matter certainly more local than this. We
have printed extra copies of documents about
everything under heaven; and, not satisfied with
printingdocuments about every thingunderheaven,
we have gone into the clouds, and printed extra
numbers of documents containing speculations
upon storms, for whose information 1 know not;
for the action of what body I know not.
If the Senate will look into this document, they
will find it as I stated; it relates to vital and im-
portant questions pending before the country: the
rights of junior officers under superiors, and the
rights of sailors. I carefully avoided, when I was
up before, expressing any opinion on the merits
of the controversy involved in this case, because
it seems to me, that if there ever was a single
document that ought to command the respectful
consideration of the Senate, and ought to induce
them to print such a number of copies as would
enable this question to be understood, it is this
one, which relates to the rights, the interests, the
protection, and guardianship of a class of Ameri-
can citizens, who are without protection, and
without guardianship, if they do not find it in the
legislation of Congress. I refer to the sailors.
The question of their rights is before the Senate.
Here is a document containing the proceedings of
a court of inquiry, touching that very matter.
Here is a report showing what the action of the
Government has been on that very question.
Here is a report which shows the construction
which the head of the Department puts upon the
administration of the law in that particular. Upon
a question of this sort, when we ask to have such
a document printed, it is objected to. The hon-
orable Senator from Missouri finds fault that we
have not asked for a larger number. Perhaps if
I had been brought up in a larger part of the
country, where the boundaries of States are
larger, and the rivers are larger, and everything
is larger, I might possibly have inculcated larger
ideas, and asked for the printing of ten thousand
copies; but I come from a modest part of the
country; and, therefore, when I ask for the print-
ing of a small number of copies, I hope that this
fact may not be made to prejudice the claim which
I make, if it is small.
Mr. BERRIEN. Mr. President, assuming that
this document contains those important questions,
which it is said by the Senator from New Hamp-
shire are embraced in it, his argument is perfectly
conclusive to prove that the Senate ought to in-
form themselves of the contents of these papers.
If they really do involve questions which are im-
portant to the rights and interests of officers of
the Navy, and of the sailors belonging to that arm
of the country's service, it behooves the Senate
to inform themselves of these questions; and if
it be necessary to regulate their legislating accord-
ing to the information which is communicated, it
is the duty of the Senate to require that they
j should be printed. But the argument of the Sen-
j ator from New Hampshire does not proceed a
j single step, unless we mean, according to what
| seems to be the propensity of the day, to look be-
! yond this Senate Chamber for legislation, and in-
| voke instruction from without. I do not perceive
' that there is any, the slightest ground, for the ex-
| penditure which is proposed to be incurred on this
: occasion. Relying upon the statement of the
i Senator from New Hampshire, I should think it
! my duty to adhere to the original recommendation
| of tiie Committee on Naval Affairs. Upon their
j recommendation this document was printed for
■ the use of the Senate; and I intend to inform my-
self of its contents for the guidance of my judg-
ment; but I do not feel that I am under any obli-
gation to distribute two thousand copies of this
document among the people of the United States
to invoke their aid in the formation of my opinion.
I am opposed to the resolution.
Mr. PEARCE. I should like to know whether
it is proposed to publish not only the charges and
the finding of the court, and the opinion of the
Secretary of the Navy, but also the evidence in
the case?
Mr. BORLAND. No, sir.
Mr. PEARCE. I should still like to know
precisely what it is that is to be published. I can-
not understand what we are to publish from the
reading of the resolution.
Mr/BORLAND. It is not proposed to pub-
lish the testimony at all. That is all to be left
out.
