1310
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 10,
invested. This is exclusive of the amountof run-
ing expenses. So the Senator from Virginia ad-
mits, and so the rest of his testimony shows. This
gentleman then goes on to estimate the items that
are always counted amongst business men, for the
purpose of ascertaining the cost and probable suc-
cess of the' business. Let us compare his esti-
mates with the statement here, and see if it does
not corroborate it. This gentleman states:
« We calculate eight perecnt., at least, for maintenance;
that is, the ordinary price for keeping the vessel always up
in the most perfect-order; keep her in ruumna; condition for
business Some companies consider it s-hould be ten per
■cent.; we have found eight is sufficient. I should say the
insurance alone would be five per cent., and there is thede-
pifciation, which would require at least four, six, or seven
percent—say,-four per cpnt. at the lowest—the fund for re-
placing the vessel, and six per cent, profit."
I will now take the sworn statement of these
individuals as to the items, about which there is
no room for mistake, or miscalculation—I mean
the ordinary and running expenses of the vessels.
They are proved to us, in a detailed statement,
sworn to by the secretary of the company, who
says he has no interest in it. The wages of the
crew amount ,to $8,845 G4 per trip. Fuel is
#8,612 28 per trip. The ordinary expense of pas-
sengers'provisions, port charges, and so forth, are
$12,762 73. These three items alone, constitute
what may properly be called, the running ex-
penses of the vessel; and they amount to $30,220 65.
The average receipts per voyage, from passen-
gers and freight, amount to $23,036 85, thus leav-
ing an average on twenty-six trips of §1,183 80
lost on each trip, irrespective of what they receive
from the Government—irrespective of the twenty-
five per cent, which Mr. Williams says is required.
The capital employed is about $3,000,000 in round
numbers; twenty-five per cent, on that would
amount to $750,000. Add that to the $1,183&0
for each of the twenty-six trips, which amounts to
$30,778 80, and you have §780,778 80 as the sum
which an intelligent, thoroughly-informed, and
practical man, says is necessary to enable any line
of steamers to do a fair business; and on this but
six per cent, profit, mere legal interest, is allowed.
It must be remembered, too, that he was stating
the expenditure for a company running their
steamers between Dublin and Liverpool, where
they were not exposed to the dangers of a voyage
across the Atlantic, and therefore did not require
the same allowance for wear and tear. Calcu-
lating from this, and the estimate approximates
within two and a half per cent, with the amount,
which it is proved under oath here, that this Col-
lins line have actually expended. Is it not then
corroborative of their statement?
I will go further. I will take the other items in
order to show what is necessary. The manager
of the Dublin Steam Packet Company estimates
from eight to ten per cent, for the purpose of keep-
ing the vessels in running order. He allows five
per cent, insurance. In this country, it is six per
cent. Adding the ten percent, to six per cent.,
we have sixteen percent. Then allowing six per
cent, for profit—either as profit or interest, which-
ever you choose—and we have twenty-two per
cent. Then comes the other item of deficiency;
that is to say, five per cent, renovation. That
makes twenty-seven per cent, on the cost of the
vessel independent of the running expenses. Add
the twenty-seven per cent, to the running expenses,
and you reach the full amount which these parties
say they must have in order to enable them to sus-
tain this line. Is not this corroborative testimony
of the highest kind ? It is given by a man famil-
iar with steam operations—with the conduct of
business of this kind. It is given without relation
to this appropriation; and he proves to you the
average amount which must be earned, over and
above the running expenses. That average amount
shows that, these contractors must have hitherto
sustained a heavy loss compared with their re-
ceipts from all sources; and that the sum now asked
for is not more in addition to what they now re-
ceive than is equivalent to give them barely six
per cent, interest on their money invested. I say,
then, that the Senator's own evidence is strongly
corroborative of the propriety of making this ap-
propriation.
But there is an amendment' which has been
passed by the Senate which prevents the possibil-
ity of anything like an exaggerated appropriation.
By that amendment, you authorize Congress, at
their discretion, to withdraw this increased allow-
ance at any time after December, 1854. If the
Senate desire to investigate the future reaeipts of
the line, they have the right to-order it to be done.
If you find the compensation to be too great in the
next two years, you have the power to withdraw
the increase. The power to determine the allow-
ance includes the power to reduce it; and surely,
with the loss already sustained of half a million of
dollars, there is no possible risk that these parties
can remunerate themselves for that loss within
this brief period of tune. The amount of their
loss I trust Congress are not unwilling should be
returned, as that would be but just and equitable,
even if you subsequently determine to abandon
your policy.
The honorable Senator from Kentucky urges
what seems a strange argumentagainst this appro-
priation. He tells you that this twelve and a half
per cent, is a large bonus to grant to this company.
He tells you what they now get—$385,000 a
year—exceeds twelve per cent, on the capital in-
vested. He tells you that the proposed allowance
will pay their capital back in four years, and that
paying back the capital of a company in four
years is a thing unheard-of in this country. If
the honorable Senator will take the trouble to look
into the contracts of the Post Office Department,
I think he will find that the ratio of allowance is
not dependent upon the amount of capital invested
in the performance of the service, but the annual
expense incurred by the contractor in the perform-
ance of his contract. And it must be so. Take
the case of horse-service. A horse will cost from
$125 to $150. His keep, and the services of a
dnver, of necessity amount to more than the cap-
ital invested in the purchase of the horse. What
is the result? Your contract would be more than
one hundred or two hundred per cent, on the
amount of capital. Then, what is the argument
of the honorable Senator worth? Flow can he
object to giving $858,000avearto this company, be-
cause it is one fourth of the capital that is embarked
ill the enterprise^ The amount to be paid under the
contract depends on the annual expenditure far
more than it does upon the capital invested m the
undertaking. You may take your post-coach sys-
tem, and you will find the same principle there.
You will find the amount paid for carrying the
mail is from thirty to fifty per cent, upon the cap-
ital invested by the contractor in carrying out his
contract. I derive this information from'the Post
Office Department. They have no accurate state-
ment of the matter; but they said that there could
be no doubt about the fact that the rate paid for
carrying the mails in post-coaches was from thirty
to fifty per cent, upon the capital. The inference
is irresistible, if the honorable Senator will only
give to it an unprejudiced consideration; and there-
fore his argument falls entirely without weight as
opposed to this grant, if there should be no other
objection to it.
The honorable Senator from Virginia has made
an estimate of the postages in this case, with a
view to show how great the loss would be to the
Government, in the future. I concede, frankly,
that I have not been able to come to the conclusion
which has been arrived at by some of those hon-
orable Senators who, in common with me, support
this amendment, that it is probable that the re-
ceipts fiom postages will repay you the outlay
during the term of this contract. I do not believe
they will. It is more than probable, from the best
estimate that I can make, that you will divide with
the Cunard line, and that the amount of your re-
ceipts, taking the average for the remaining eight
years, will probably reach §500,000 a year. If
you would improve your laws in reference to the
transportation of letters on board sea-going ves-
sels; if you would render them more stringent,
and have them more efficiently enforced, as regards
the illicit transportation of letteis, to the exclusion
of their transportion in the mail, then 1 think it
not improbable that the future receipts of this line
might repay the sum which is now asked. But,
in the absence of that, without any supposition
that any such legislation will be effected, I admit,
upon any estimate that I can make, I do not sup-
pose the receipts will go beyond $500,000 a year.
This would leave a deficiency of §358,000 a year,
to be paid out of the Treasury. Then I would
ask the Senate, is this too much to grant to a line
which connects the great center of our own com-
merce with the most important commercial point
in Europe?
But it has been said, that it has been the prac-
tice to make the revenues of the land service pay
the cost of transportation. This may be true. It
may be the practice as regards the whole Union;
but what is the result as regards States? Perhaps
some Senators may learn something of a lesson of
liberality from inspecting that. I find, in Execu-
tive Document number 2, page 488, that, taking
the States of Virginia, North Carolina, South Car-
olina, Georgia, Florida, Illinois, Mississippi,Ten-
nessee, Alabama, Missouri, Arkansas, and Texas,
the amount of the cost of the transportation of the
mail in these twelve States, over and above the
net revenues of the Department from the postage
received in them, was $527,563 for the year end-
ing June 30th, 1851. In the State of New York,
the net receipts over and above the cost of trans-
portation, were §609,007. In my own little State
of Delaware, the receipts are double the cost of
transportation; and the excess is absorbed, and
more than absorbed, in the cost beyond receipts
of the transportation of the mail in the State of
the honorable Senator from Tennessee, which
amounts to nearly $10,000.
I do not state this in any captious spirit, or as
a matter of complaint. I do not state it because I
suppose a single Senator would desire to curtail
the service in the different States of the Union,
in proportion to the amount of the receipts of the
post office within their borders, though I think
such an argument might be quite as justly urged,
as any argument which can be urged against the
grant to this line, because it happens, from the
locality of New Yoik, as the center of your com-
merce, to be established there. 1 submit to the
Senate, when your practice as a whole does not
apply to your practice as regards the States sever-
ally, that if you expend $527,000 more than you
receive to afford the advantages of mail facilities
to the people of the twelve States 1 have mentioned,
you have the same reason, when mail facilities are
essential to the commerce of your whole Union,
two thirds of which is concentrated at New York,
to afford the requisite mail facilities for that com-
merce, at a cost of §385,000, or even $500,000, a
year, above the amount of postages. There is no
reason that can be given for affording the interior
facility for mail communication in the one case,
that does not in principle obtain just as strongly
as regards the facility which ouglit to be afforded
to your foreign commerce in the other.
It is needless for me to go over the different
States, in order to repeat the separate deficiencies.
I have given the names of the States where the
receipts for postage do not equal the amount ex-
pended. Some of those honorable Senators who
are opposed to this appropriation, may perhaps
find, upon looking over the list, that the people of
the rest of the United States are paying an excess
of postages, which is appropriated to the trans-
portation of the mails in the States in which they
resid e
Mr. HUNTER. The case which the honor-
able Senator from Delaware suggests, is not a
parallel one. When I write a letter from Virginia
to my correspondent in New York, is it supposed
that I pay or do not pay the postage upon a letter
which I write upon my own business? You can-
not ascertain who pays the postage, by taking the
receipts at any one post office. All you can do is,
to take the general results. Besides, here we have
been paying more than the post office returns, be-
cause we have been keeping up mail steamers, the
money for which comes out of the general Treas-
ury.
Mr. BAYARD. I do not think the answer
sufficient; but I do not object tothis mode of allow-
ance, because I think that mail facilities should be
granted to every State, whether the amount re-
ceived from postages meets the cost of transporta-
tion or not. But I do not think there is any force
in the case put by the honorable Senator. He
writes to New York, and pays the postage; and
he wants to know how we can tell where the post-
age is paid. 1 think that the amount of the cor-
respondence of a State is fairly indicated by the
amount of postages paid in the State. 1 think the
enterprise, and business, and population of a
State combined, will, in general, be in proportion
to the postage received within the State.
Mr. President, I have now, imperfectly I am
aware, developed to the Senate trie views which
strike my mind in reference to thisquestion. My
only regret is that it has not been within the limits
