2174
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 11,
if I were to come to the conclusion that some tem-
porary provision ought to be made in order to fur-
nish these Indians with supplies—to vote for the
proposition, unless it were guarded in such a man-
ner as to exclude the conclusion that the United
States were making this their permanent policy,
or resorting to it for more than to meet a tempo-
rary emergency. But it is a very grave question,
and one which is destined hereafter to embarrass
us very much in relation to what is to be done
with these Indians in California—where are they
to go ? It seems that they are dispossessed by in-
truders, driven from their homes, and compelled
either to join the roving bands of the mountains,
or to become in their turn marauders to visit again
upon the whites the injuries which were first in-
flicted upon them.
I do not see—and I am not sure that that would
answer—any way outof the difficulty except tins:
The Government certainly does own lands in Cal-
ifornia, and it may own lands in some positions
in which a place of refuge might be afforded to
these Indians. And if we are to look to any per-
manent policy—that is to say, to any policy which
may serve our turn for fifteen or twenty years to
come, for I am aware that nothing can be called
a permanent policy in relation to these Indians—
it must be by looking to some such provision as
that to which I allude to enable them to find a
habitation and an abode; and I think that the In-
dian Department should turn its attention to this
matter. I would be willing to vote—perhaps not
$100,000, for it seems to me that, as there is
no estimate for it, that may be too much—but I
do not know that I should object even to that
amount, if the Senator from California will guard
the amendment in such terms as to say that it
shall be a mere temporary provision to meet the
existing emergency, and shall not bind the Gov-
ernment to the future policy of supporting these
Indians whenever they may be dispossessed. I
am utterly opposed to that; but 1 think some
provision ought to be made upon the public lands
to furnish these people with an abode, if it be possi-
ble. I know there is one other resource. The
State of California has a deep interest in not dis-
possessing these Indians, and having them wan-
dering about its borders. I do not know but that
if we do not take this obligation upon ourselves,
they will he forced to make some provision; and
it does seem to me that they ought to make some
provision by which to prevent these intrusions.
California is a State, and has power to prevent
these intrusions to some extent. But I am will-
ing to discharge that portion of the obligation
which falls upon the United States. I am willing
to take a portion of the public lands, (if a portion
can be selected which would suit the views of the
people of California, and satisfy the Indians as
well as the interests of the Government,) on which
they may be settled. That is the only plan that
I seo. As to this idea of feeding them when they
may be dispossessed, year after year, it can result,
as the Senator from Georgia well says, in no good
either to the Indians or to the whites.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Mr. President, the dif-
ficulties seem to increase the more I think about
this matter. It does seem to me that we have not
all the facts before us which it is necessary to un-
derstand in order to have judicious and discreet
legislation upon tins subject. Since I addressed
the Senate before, 1 have heard it stated that there
are seventy thousand of these California Indians.
Mr. WELLER. I say so now.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. My friend says he re-
peats it. Now, take it for granted that there are
seventy thousand, how are they situated5 Are
they scattered over a large extent of country, or
are they concentrated in towns and villages, so
that you can reach them directly ? If they are
scattered over a large extent of country, and you
put these $100,000 into the hands of agents, how
are they to reach the seventy thousand Indians
scattered over the country? How are they to
make provision for the Indians, when they occupy
hundreds of square miles? How are they to he
concentrated so as to be paid? These are diffi-
culties which have arisen in my mind as the dis-
cussion has progressed.
Suppose, however, that you have the seventy
thousand Indians congregated together, so that
they can be reached by the agents having the
$100,000 to distribute among them in provisions:
As soon as you congregate them, you deprive
them of their ordinary and usual mode of subsist-
ence by hunting. If they are now scattered, you
withdraw them from their little patches of vegeta-
bles and other agricultural products, on which
they may, to some extent, look for a subsistence;
and if you bring them all together, and deprive
them of their ordinary means of supply, your
$>100,000 will be nothing. It will be but a'drop
in the bucket—but a little better than a dollar
apiece. If you are to congregate them in that
way, and thus deprive them of their hunting pur-
suits, a million or two millions of dollars would
not sustain them for a year at California prices.
Mr. DAWSON. This amendment would not
give them a dinner apiece.
Mr UNDERWOOD. I suppose it would not
at California prices. I have now presented the
subject to the consideration of the Senate in two
aspects—the one presuming these Indians to be
scattered, as I suppose they are, all over the coun-
try, relying to some extent upon fishing and hunt-
ing, and their little paiches of vegetables, for sub-
sistence. The other is as congregated arid brought
together. And I ask the Senate, how are these
one hundred thousand dollars to benefit the Indians,
situated in either position ? It seems to me that
the subject deserves a great deal of consideration
before we make the appropriation. In oneaspect,
in the scattered condition of the Indians, it seems
to me that it would do no good; and in their ag-
gregate condition, in which I have contemplated
them, it will not be anything like an appropriation
which will be of value to them.
Under this difficulty, it seems to me that the ap-
propriation can do but little good; and if these
Indians, as I presume they are, be scattered, in
the way I have contemplated, and you divide the
#>100,OOO, and put it into the hands of half a dozen
agents, I am afraid that the agents will get the
most of it before it gets into the hands of the In-
dians. These are the difficulties which I have,
and which present themselves to my mind as oper-
ating against the amendment.
Mr. BELL. I have listened to the suggestions
on both sides of the Chamber in relation to this
proposition, and it. seems to me that there would
be some propriety in enlarging the appropriation
contemplated by the amendment adopted by the
Senate in quasi committee, but I think the amend-
ment proposed by the honorable Senator from
California is unnecessarily large, contemplating
the object which he does, because Congress will
sit again in a very few months, and we shall then,
perhaps, be better informed as to the necessities
of the Indians in California, and the propriety of
enlarging the appropriation, or making an addi-
tional appropriation.
This proposition is based, as I understand the
Senator from California, for the most part, upon
the idea that treaties having been made with these
Indians, or the most of them, and they not being
aide to comprehend why the Government of the
United States has not ratified the treaties—being
disappointed in their expectations—relying, as
they may have done, up to this time, upon the
provisions of these treaties for their future subsist-
ence, in part—irritation, mischief, and hostility
may grow out of it, unless the Government adopt
speedily some course to reconcile them to what
has been done by the Senate. Hence, it is pro-
posed to pacify them by distributing presents and
provisions among them to keep them quiet until
we shall settle upon some policy m regard to them.
This is what I understand to be the object of the
Senator from California. I think it is a very sen-
sible, and a veiy wise suggestion.
Now, were we to go into the discussion of what
should be our policy with regard to these Indians,
none of us would be prepared to say what ought
to be done, and what policy ought to be pursued.
But, considering that we have rejected these nu-
merous treaties, and that some compensation may
be due to the Indians for provisions which will
not be furnished according to the treaties made by
the commissioners, which have not been ratified, I
apprehend that some new treaties will have to be
made with the Indians, and that the commission-
ers, under proper instructions from the Govern-
ment, will have in view some permanent policy,
and that, some provision—some just and reason-
able, and, if you please, liberal provision—will be
made for the subsistence of the Indians, consider-
ing the circumstances of their being deprived of
their old and accustomed modes of subsisting
themselves. I am, therefore, perfectly willing to
enlarge the appropriation as originally presented
by the Senator from Missouri, going upon the es-
timate of the Department. I think it is prudent
that we should make some larger provision for
presents to these Indians, and for subsistence, to
be as judiciously applied as we are able to have
them applied, under the circumstances of the case,
to prevent irritation and outbreaks, until we can
have new treaties made, as I hope, by commission-
ers of more discretion and more judgment than
! those whom we have recently trusted with our
Indian affairs in California. I think, therefore, if
the Senator from California would reduce his prop-
osition to $30,000 or $40,000, or even $50,000, to
be expended until Congress shall sit again, for this
solitary purpose, I shall not object. Certainly it
is idle for us to consider here, with the informa-
tion we have on the subject, as to any permanent
policy. By voting this moderate amount, I think
that we would not be committed ourselves, nor
would the country, nor the Indians hold us to the
policy of undertaking to subsist them hereafter,
to discourage industry, and lead them to depend
wholly upon the bounty of this Government. If
the Senator from California would reduce his
; proposition to a more moderate amount, I should
| vote for it with pleasure, and think that would be
1 enough for two or three months to come.
| Mr. MALLORY. Mr. President, I agree with
I the honorable Senator from Tennessee, that we
' are deficient in the requisite amount of informa-
tion upon this subject; but at this late day of the
session it must be evident to every Senator that it
is perfectly impossible that we can obtain any in-
formation in time to bring this measure into any
tangible shape; and unless it be passed in the
form in which it is now presented, it is probable
it will not be passed at all. I think we have about
two days to devote to each of the general appro-
priation bills, and that we can properly devote no
more than two days to each of them. I suppose,
therefore, that this measure cannot be presented
and passed as a distinct and separate one; and
conceding that we are deficient in information,
still I am unwilling to let that stand m the way of
this measure, because it seems to me to be so
expedient that, from the little knowledge I have
had of the Indians, I think it ought to be adopted.
The Senator from California, who is, perhaps, as
| familiar with the matter as any Senator on the
' floor, can give us all the light which we can de-
I rive from the investigation of a committee. He
I connes here and tells us—that which must be self-
i evident to every man who has ever had anything
i to do with the Indians—that the Indians have
| been dispossessed of their hunting grounds; that
| they have been driven back; that they are in a
^starving condition; and more than that, he tells us
j that they have been led to believe that the United
States, through their agents, would in part pro-
vide for them in this condition. Now, what is it
that has induced the Indians upon our settled
frontier, in every section of our country, to make
war upon the whites? It is precisely this condi-
1 tion of things. The Indians have been dispos-
i sessed of their hunting grounds, and been driven
| to agricultural pursuits, which they have had to
| pursue immediately, without preparation, or star-
vation was inevitable. Whenever the experiment
has been tried this has been the result. Yet we
are, from day to day, endeavoring to force the In-
dians upon the cultivation of the soil, upon the
spur of the moment, without any previous prep-
aiation,and withhold fiom them the small pit-
tance which might peihaps prepare them for that
kind of life.
What is it that is daily driving the Indians on
j the frontiers of Texas into hostilities? Why,
! they are gradually driven back by the white set-
: tlements. They never take life if they can posst-
. bly avoid it. Their first resort is to steal cattle,
and when they take life it is for the purpose of
| concealing the robbery. If the subject were to be
j investigated, I undertake to say that the Senate
would find that when a company of volunteers is
called out to quell an Indian insurrection, the pay
of that company would feed twelve times as many
Indians as there are whites in the neighborhood;
and that by feeding them the rupture would have
been entirely healed, or would not have taken
place.
I hope that the sum proposed by the Senator
j from California will not be decreased, because the
