1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1311
of my capacity to urge them with greater force.
If that capacity had equaled the strength of my
convictions, I could have left no doubt as to the
propriety of this amendment. I am personally
unacquainted with Mr. Collins. I believe I saw
him once on the deck of the Atlantic; but I
should not know him again if we met. His per-
sonal interests weigh not with me in any view
which I have taken of this appropriation; nor have
I had any regard to the peculiar interests of the
city of New York in advocating it. I consider it
a national question, in which not only the reputa-
tion and pride, but the commercial prosperity of
this country is involved. With these interests at
stake, I am not willing to count closely the cost
necessary to sustain this line. The necessary re-
sult, if you refuse this appropriation, will be the
abandonment of the lme. Its abandonment yields
to Great Britain the entire postal service between
England and America certainly, and between a
great part of the continent of Europe and Amer-
ica; for if this line goes down, your other lines of
ocean steamers must follow it. Its abandonment
yields to her the entire transportation of passen-
gers, except emigrants. It yields to her a tax
uponAmeiican industry and upon American prop-
erty, in the shape of freight upon light and costly
goods. With success just achieved, 1 am not
willing to surrender this prize to the English Gov-
ernment, to which they attach so much import-
ance, and which, having embarked in the contest,
we are just on the eve of dividing with them.
I bear no hostility toward England, peculiarly;
but whenever I find that the honor, the reputation,
the pride of character of my country is con-
cerned, or her interests, I would assert them with-
out regard to cost, and the more certainly against
a haughty and overbearing power like England,
than against a feebler State. Sir, withdraw this
appropriation, let this line be abandoned, and can
you tell me that it will not pass into the hands of
a foreign Government? That it will not pass into
the hands of your commercial rivals? What would
be the feelings of Senators who now oppose this
appropriation, if, at a future day, in the contin-
gency of war, these derided vessels should make
their appearance on your coast with the British
flag flying at their foremast, and aid in the devas-
tation of your country and the destruction of your
commerce? Such a thing is entirely within the
range, not of imagination, but, I may say, within
the range of probability. If you determine that
you will abandon this line, you compel the sale of
these magnificent steamers, which have been built
at so much cost, in pursuance of the policy indi-
cated in your act of 1847, and you know not to
whom that sale will be made. It is from these
feelings, and because the deliberate result of my
own judgment on this appropriation is, that it is
a national matter, in which the national interests,
national honor, national pride, and national repu-
tation are deeply concerned, I am unwilling, for
the sake of $300,000 or $500,000, or for any cost,
even though it reach millions, to sacrifice them,
and give the ascendency in this contest to Great
Britain. Admitting the amount to be requisite,
and the principle of relief in accordance with a wise
policy, I shall vote for the amendment as reported
by the committee.
Mr. M ALLORY. Mr. President, I desire now
to renew the amendment which 1 suggested on Fri-
day last. It is to add to the amendment of the
committee, as it now stands, the following:
Provided, Thafthe contract for the transportation of the
said mai! be, and the same is hereby, tiansfer^ed from the
Navy to the Post Office Department.
I will briefly explain my object in offering this
amendment. The Senate Committee on Naval
Affairs, I believe, is unanimous m its recommenda-
tion that this transfer shall take place, and that for
the obvious reason that year after year an immense
sum of money is appropriated for various objects
in the naval appropriation bill, which would have
been thus appropriated if no Navy actually ex-
isted. I do not desire to detain the Senate long,
but I will advert to some of those objects, and I
will say here, that appropriations for books and
maps for hydrographical offices, appropriations
for meteorological observations, the testing of
magnetic power, the preparation and publication
of a nautical almanac, the removal of the wreck
of the steamer Missouri, the annual appropria-
tions for steam mail lines, for the suppression of
the slave trade, for the survey of certain bays on
our coast, for the purchase of vessels captured on
Lake Erie, are all subjects which have been ap-
propriated for under the denomination of *' naval
appropriations," and have tended year after year
to swell up these appropriations. The swelling
them up has done moie to place the Navy improp-
erly before the country than anything which has
ever occurred to it.
I perceive that the estimates for the year ending
June 30, 1853, framed by the Navy Department,
are §8,540,693. The bill which has been reported
by the Committee on Ways and Means of the
House of Representatives cuts that amount down
$1,835,22(>; thus reducing the appropriations to
$(j,705,4b7. This service, which carried us so
gloriously through the war of 1812; which, as was
lemarked by the honorable Senator from Michi-
gan, [Mr. Cass,] was the first to wrest from
Great Britain the wand of naval supremacy—this
service, which has been dear to the country ever
since 1812—it is quite common now to assail in
both Houses of Congress, as useless and expen-
sive. We have heard within these Halls withu a
few days past an expression of opinion that our
naval vessels should be withdrawn from our for-
eign stations, and that steam lines should be mul-
tiplied in their places. As a reason for so doing,
appeals were made in regaid to these annual ex-
orbitant expenditures, nominally for the Navy,
but which really would be appropriated for their
purposes if no Navy existed.
It is the opinion of the Naval Committee, after
full investigation, and I believe it is the opinion of
every man who has the good of the Navy at heart,
that these appropriations should be called by their
right names; and that if this amendment shall pass
—if we are to spend $2,000,000 for the transport-
ation of the mails on the high seas, under the belief
that the vessels thus transporting them may be
converted into war steamers, we should not call
the money so expended a " naval appropriation."
Where is the propriety of calling them naval ap-
propriations, until the vessels shall have been trans-
ferred to the Navy ? It must be remembered, too,
that before^the transfer can be called for, these
steamers may have been entirely annihilated, or
may have become unfit for service. This cannot
be considered a naval appropriation until the Navy
can have something to do with these ships. 1
must insist, therefore, upon this amendment, pro-
viding for the transfer of the contract for the trans-
portation of the mails from New York to Liverpool
from the Navy Department to the Post Office De-
partment.
Mr. BADGER. Mr. President, I wish merely
to make a brief statement to the honorable Senator
from Florida, and not to discuss this matter. What
is said by the honorable Senator is strictly correct.
The Committee on Naval Affairs weie unani-
mously of the opinion that this contract should
be transfeired to the Post Office Department, and
it was as the agent and under the direction of that
committee, that I had prepared an amendment
which I offered a day or two ago for that purpose.
That amendment I withdrew m deference to my
friend at the head of the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, m order to give him an
opportunity of presenting an amendment which
was adopted by the Senate the last time this sub-
ject was under consideration. I wish to say now
that I hope the Senator from Florida will withdraw
the proposed amendment to the amendment; for
although I agree with him, as every member of
the Naval Committee did, in the propriety of the
transfer, I look upon it as a matter of secondary
importance to the adoption of the amendment. 1
hope, therefore, that the amendment of the Com-
mittee on Finance will not be embarrassed with it.
If it shall be thought by Senators to be a proper
proceeding to make this transfer, it can be just as
well done m one of the general appropriation bills
as upon this amendment. I hope the Senator from
Florida will withdraw the amendment for the rea-
sons which induced me to withdraw it, that it is
likely to produce embanassment and difficulty.
On motion the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. |
Monday, *May 10, 1859. |
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer i
by theRev.Littleton F. Mokgan. |
The Journal of Friday was read and approved. i
Mr. McMULLIN. I move that the rules be j
suspended', and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, upon the special order.
PURCHASE OF MOUNT VERNON.
Mr. CULLOM. I hope the gentleman, from
Virginia [Mr. McMujllin] will allow me to intro-
duce a resolution merely to have jt referred. It
will not take one minute. It is a courtesy"which
I have not asked before, and I am sure that when
the gentleman knows the object of the resolution,
he will agree to it.
Mr. McMULLIN. I will withdraw the mo-
tion for a moment, but it is of importance that
we should dispose of this special order.
Mr. CULLOM. I ask the consent ofthe House
to introduce the resolution which I send to the
Clerk's table.
The resolution was then read for information,
as follows:
Resolved, That .the Committee on Public Buildings and
grounds be instructed to mquireinto the expediency of pur-
chasing, for the public use, Mount Vernon, the latt resi-
dence of George Washington, and the resting place of Ins
remains; and, also, at what price the same can be purchased,
for that purpose, and as to what national use it can with
most propriety be dedicated; and that they report by bill or
otherwise.
Mr. BOCOCK. I object to its introduction".
Mr. CULLOM. I move that the rules of the
House be suspended, to allow me to introduce the
resolution.
Mr. McMULLIN. Objection having been
made to the introduction of the resolution, I hope
the gentleman [Mr. Cullom] will excuse me for
now urging my motion.
Mr. CULLOM. Let it be referred. It can do
no mischief. The committee, will have a right to'
report according to the propriety of the thing, after
they shall have examined the matter. I ask that
it may be referred.
Mr. AVERETT. I object.
Mr. FOWLER. -I merely wish to make an
inquiry. If the House do not sustain thismotion
to go into committee upon the special order, what
will be the regular order of business?
The SPEAKER. The business in order will
be petitions from the State of Maine. That is the
business in order in the morning.
The question now being on the motion of Mr.
McMullix 
Mr. COBB demanded tellers; which were or-
dered; and Messrs. Johnson, of Arkansas, and
Stephens, of Georgia, were appointed.
The question was then taken-, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 68, noes 45; no quorum voting.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I move a call
of the House.
Mr. HIBBARD. I call for the yeas and nays
upon the motion to suspend the rules and go into
committee.
The SPEAKER. Upon a division of the House,
no quorum voting, strictly speaking, no motion
can be in order except a motion for a call of the
House, or' a motion to adjourn.
Mr. STEPHENS. I ask for the yeas and" nays
upon the motion for a call of the House.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken, and there were—
yeas 37, nays 12b.
So the House refused to order a call of the
House.
The SPEAKER. The question now recurs
upon the motion to go into Committee of the
Whole upon the special order, and upon that mo-
tion tellers have been ordered- The tellers, Messrs.
Stephens, of Georgia, and Johnson, of Arkansas,
will again lesume their places.
The tellers accordingly resuming their places,
the question was taken, and the tellers reported—
ayes 91, noes not counted.
HOMESTEAD BILL.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
upon the special oider, (Mr. Hibbard in the
chair.)
The CHAIRMAN. The business first in or-
der, is the consideration of House bill No. 7, for
the promotion of agriculture, commerce, and man-
ufactures, &c. The question before the committee
is upon thf- amendment offered by the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Parker] to the amendment
of the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Clark.] . The
gentleman from Iowa moved to amend the first
section, in the tenth line, by striking out the words,
