1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
2175
appropriation of less than §100,000 cannot be ex-
pected to be sufficient to feed seventy thousand
Indians; nor would that sum feed them all. I
apprehend that the Senator from California con-
templates no such thing as that the whole seventy
thousand Indians shall derive the benefit of this
appropriation. Why, it would not divide among
them much more than $1 40 a piece, and would
feed very few of them. One hundred thousand
dollars, at the rate of soldiers' pay, would feed
about fourteen thousand Indians foroneyear. Now
we will suppose that no more than fourteen thou-
sand Indians are to be paid—fourteen thousand
Indians are sufficient to keep the frontiers of Cali-
fornia in a state of consternation for an entire
year, and they would cause the destruction of
thousands of valuable lives. The Senator from
California tells us that, unless some provision be
made, war is inevitable; that these men, driven to j
starvation, will make war upon the frontier set- j
tlqrs, unless their reasonable expectations are an- j
swered. His assertions are borne out by our
experience m other portions of the country. I,
for one, m this state of things—when we, by our
agents, led the Indians to believe that we would
interfere in their behalf—am willing to extend this
pittance of $100,000, and probably it will prevent
Indian hostilities; and in that probability it is a
mere pittance, and I trust will not be decreased.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 have prepared a substitute
for the amendment of the Senator from California,
which I hone may be received.
The PRESIDENT. The proposition of the
Senator from California is an amendment to an
amendment, and an amendment to that proposition
cannot be received.
Mr. HUNTER. If it is read, perhaps the Sen-
ator from California will accept it.
The PRESIDENT. It will be read foriufoirn-
ation.
The amendment was accordingly read, as fol-
lows:
For the temporary relief of the Tndmns in California,
until permanent anangements be made toi their future set-
tlement, the eum of$50,(KJ0: Provided, That nothing herein
contained shall be bo construed to mip'y an obligation on
the pait of the United States to leed and support the Indians
who have been dispossessed of their land in California.
Mr. HUNTER. I can leave the amount blank
if the Senator wishes it.
Mr. WELLER. I have no objection to the
proposition of the Senator from Virginia, except
as to that provision of it which names the amount
to be appropriated; and I would agree to the sug-
gestion of my friend from Tennessee, [Mr. JBell,]
were it not for the fact, that I am perfectly satisfied
that I have already fixed the amount at the very
lowest sum that will produce any practical good.
I know that there are other gentlemen who under-,
stand fully this question, who have desired an ap-
propriation of $200,000, and I have been told by
gentlemen who know the condition of the Indians
now in California, that a sum less than $200,000
will not prevent the Indians from starving during
the present year. But, hoping that the proposi-
tion might meet the approbation of the Senate, I
fixed it at the very lowestpoint at which I believed
any practical good would lesult—$100,000. I de-
sired, of course, that the appropriation should be
based upon the idea that, as the treaties have been
rejected, it was necessary to make some provision
for the support of these Indians, until we should
adopt some permanent policy with regard to them.
Their temporary interests I am now seeking to
advance, whilst I am looking to the maintenance
of peace upon the frontier.
I undertake to say that there are seventy thou-
sand Indians within the limits of the State of Cal-
ifornia, although I should not like to make aques-
tion of veracity with my friend from Missouri. In
California their number is variously estimated at
from 100,000 to 150,000. The Governor of that
State two years ago addressed a letter to the Pres-
ident of the United States, which is to be found
among the public records, affirming that there
were 100,000 warriors within the limits of Cali-
fornia. 1 doubt not that this was an exaggeration.
But the whole number of souls I have estimated
at 70,000. This opinion is based upon my own
observation, as well as the information derived
from others, and I think may be relied upon.
You have appointed a Superintendent of Indian
Affairs in California, against whose integrity not
one syllable has ever been uttered. He is a gen-
tleman of irreproachable character. He has been
sent out during the last week for the purpose of
exercising supervisory control over Indian affairs
upon the Pacific. You have also recently ap-
pointed an Indian agent for California, (Major
Reading-,) a gentleman well known not only there,
but here, of irreproachable character, of general
intelligence, and excellent habits—a man whose
integrity has never been questioned anywhere,
and who stands high in the estimation of all who
have known him, and who, from a residence of
eight years in that country, knows the location of
every tribe of Indians; and if the appropriation
were placed in his hands, relying, as I would
most implicitly, upon his honesty and integrity
in its disbursement, I should feel an assurance that
every dollar that was appropriated would be ex-
pended properly for the support of the Indians.
Sir, he would have no difficulty in getting these
Indians to the points where it would be necessary
to distribute the provisions. His knowledge of
localitieswould prevent him from experienemgany
difficulties from this source.
But if this appropriation is not made, what do
you propose to do > You have rejected the treaties
after they had been paitialiy executed—after the
Indians had abandoned their hunting grounds, and
come into the valleys, upon their reservations.
The white man lias gone and taken possession of i
the grounds which they have themselves aban-
doned. He is engaged there now, toiling in the
mineral section of the State; and what are you to
do with these Indians? Do you propose that the
State of California shall be compelled to save them
from starvation? We have been compelled to
fight them since our admission into the Union.
You have taken care to send your Federal troops
somewhere else; and when these Indians have in-
vaded our frontier, and when they have destroyed
the property and the lives of our people, we have
been compelled to rely upon our own troops for
ourdefense. The State of California has expended
$1,000,000 already, in repelling the assaults of
these Indians; and you now propose that we shall
be compelled also to feed them. I say, sir, that
your past policy has called upon us to sustain the
whole expense of these Indian wars; and if this
amendment be rejected, you compel us to feed the
Indians besides, or to see them starving; for star-
vation is inevitable, unless they are fed by you.
My proposition is simply to make a provision
for them temporarily, until this Government can
adopt some system for the relief of the Indians.
Sir, it has been the policy of the Government to
drive them to the West; but the white man is now
in the West. He stands upon the shores of the
Pacific ocean. He has commenced pushing the
Indian back upon the Rocky Mountains. The
Indian is placed in between the upper and nether
millstones, and he must be crushed ! The fate of
the Indian is irrevocably sealed, lie must soon
be crushed by the encroaching tide of emigration.
The hand of destiny has marked him, and soon
he must fade away. The reflection to eveiy hu-
mane heart is a melancholy one, but it is unavoid-
able. In the providence of God they must soon
disappear befoie the onward maichuf oui coun-
trymen. Humanity may forbid, but the interest
of the white man demands their extinction.
Now, I do not undertake to say what policy ;i
ought to be adopted, lam not m possession of:j
the information necessary to enable me to give ■
any opinion m reference to the future policy to be ;i
adopted by the Go\ernment in regard to these j
Indians. I have not.of course had an opportu- ;
nity of hearing from that country since the rejec- j
tion of the treaties by the Senate, and I cannot ;<
speak of the effect that that rejection will produce; I
but I am almost certain that that State will be
involved in an Indian war just so soon as the In- 1
dians are driven from their reservations, if no pro- .
vision whatever be made for them.- If you are
involved in a war. who is to pay the expense of
that war' Take it, sir, as a question of economy
—who is to pay the expense of that war? The
General Government is bound to extend its pro-
tecting hand overall its people; and if the man
who stands upon the shores of the Pacific ocean is
as much entitled to the protection of the Govern-
ment as he who stands m the center of the coun-
try, that protecting hand can only be extended
there at the expense of the National Treasury; lj
and you will be compelled to expend hundreds of j
thousands of dollars in repelling the assaults that j|
will be provoked by a refusal to give them this
small pittance.
The condition of affairs in that country is, it is
true, singular. The white population is scattered
all over the State. The great body of these In-
dians are found congregated in the northern sec-
tion of the State. They are easily gotten at. You
have already deprived them of the ordinary means
of subsistence. The miner is upon the old ground,
and he will not suffer the Indian to conflict with
what he conceives to be his interest. You are
compelled, then, to legislate as you find things,
and not as you desire them to be. It may be a
very hard thing that the miner has gone into that
region and driven the Indians out of it, but it was
your population, it was your countrymen, it was
the citizens of your State who have gone there. I
say to the Senate in all seriousness, that if they
are determined that the State of California shall
not only feed these Indians, but that she shall be
compelled to fight them with her own troops and
at her own expense, and in the mean time you
are taxing the very necessaries of life winch they
consume, the very bread which they eat, the time
will come when there will be a spirit of disaf-
fection upon the shores of the Pacific; when they
see their friends and relations butchered by the
Indians in cold blood—when they see their coast
unhghted, their harbors unimproved, and their
commerce unprotected, they will naturally inquire
whether this is the same sort of justice extended
to the other States of the Union.
Sir, if you desire to maintain the peace and har-
mony of the Union, you must take care to do jus-
tice to all its parts. You must not adopt a policy
which will alienate the affections of the people,
and make them feel the full force of the fact that
they are far, very far away from you. They feel
enough of this now. They feel oftentimes that
there is a want of sympathy on your pai t towards
them; that they are regarded as a remote cousin,
for whom no particular affection is entertained by
the parent Government. If a course of policy of
this sort be adopted, you will increase that disaf-
fection, until they will be compelled to take care
of themselves. If you desire that the people now
located upon the shores of the Pacific shall take
care of themselves, withdraw your custom-house
officers, and my word for it, they will soon do it.
However unwilling they may be to withdraw from
the Union, they will never agree to sacrifice their
honor. Stern necessity may compel them to pur-
sue a course at variance with all their feelings and
sympathies.
I am asking no more for the people of Califor-
nia than I am willing to accoid to the citizens of
any other State. I do not urge this appropriation
because the $100,000 are to be expended in the
Slate which 1 in part represent: but I have advo-
cated it from a solemn conviction that unless some
provision of this sort be made, a large portion of
California will be involved in a desolating war
with the Indian tribes, and these Indians will in
the end he exterminated. Such will be the result.
It is like the question of death—it is a mere ques-
tion of time with them. They must soon be
crushed—they will be exterminated before the on-
ward march of the white man; but in the mean
time, as a matter of humanity, let us do all we
can to soften the blow that strikes them to the
earth. If necessity, which is generally the plea
of tyrants, requires us to drive them from the
graves of their fathers and the homes of their an-
cestors, let our plans be tempered with mercy.
Let us not forget that the time will come when the
Creator of the white and the red man will pass
upon our conduct. Although they may be the
poorest of his creatures, injustice to them may
not, will not go unpunished.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will inquire of
the Senator from California whether he accepts the
proposition made by the Senator from Virginia in
lieu of his own ?
Mr. WELLER. If the Senator will strike out
the sum named in theamendment, 1 will accept it.
Mr. HUNTER. I leave the sum in blank.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on the
amendment which has been offered by the Sen-
ator from Virginia, and accepted by the Senator
from California.
Mr? WELLER. I move that the blank in the
amendment be filled with $100,000.
The PRESIDENT. Then the first question
will be on filling the blank with §100,000.
