1312
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
" free of cost'',and inserting the words, "at fifty
cents- per acre." The gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Parker] moved to amend that amendment,
by strikingout the word " fifty," and inserting the
word." twenty-five." The question now is upon
the adoption of the amendment to the amendment.
The question was taken, and the amendment to
the amendment was not agreed to.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment offered by Mr. Clark, and it was notagreed
to.
.The CHAIRMAN. If there be no further
amendmment to the first section of the original
bill, the question recurs on the substitute for
the first section, submitted by the gentleman from
Tennesspe, [Mr. Johnson.]
Mr. CLARK. I move to strike out from the
first section the words " freeof cost,"and to insert
the words, "and hold the same as a preemption for
the term of three years, according to Uie preemp-
tion laws now in force, except as to the time
which the preemption has to run."
Mr. CLARK. I stated the other day that I
had some constitutional difficulty in reference to
this section. I did not say that my mind was
positively made up upon-these questions. 1 shall
be happy to receive light upon them, and that the
difficulties should be removed, if gentlemen are
able to do it. The gentleman from Ohio, near
me, [Mr. Cartter,] said that this constitutional
difficulty was all gammon. Now, that is a very
hazardous expression. There may be game in it,
but I do not see any constitutional light in it.
The gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Disney,] who
sits furthest from me, was very confident that
no gentleman need entertain any constitutional
scruples upon the subject. He said they looked
everywhere for iight but in the Constitution itself,
and commenced a search there for the authority
which was to dissipate all doubt; but not finding
it, he said he had confounded the original resolu-
tion on which thecession of territory was made to
the United States with the Constitution itself; but
that'it was equally strong in one instance as the
other—meaning, as he said, the resolution of Con-
gress of 1780, the language of which was, " to
cause them to be settled."
, The gentleman from Mississippi, also, [Mr.
Freeman,] alluding to the same resolution, stated
that cotemporaneous history, of ihe same nature
with the Constitution, were in pari materia., and
that they must be construed together. That our
title to the public lands was not derived from the
Constitution, but from the resolutions of the Con-
gress of the Confederation, and the grants of the
several States based thereon. But if we admit
the statements made as true in their whole extent,
they apply only to those lands which were then
proposed to be detached from particular States,
and conveyed to the United States. The proposi-
tion involves no question of the manner m which
the public lands shall be administered. The ques-
tion was as to detaching vast amounts ot lands
from particular States, and giving them to the
United States for the purpose of being converted !
into sepaiate States, to prevent those particular
States from overriding, in apolitical point of view,
the smaller States. What position would the
State of Virginia occupy in this regard as toiler
compeers did she wield all the political power of
the States northwest of the Oiiio in addition to her !
own? Why, she would be hke the f.-.t lune of'
Egypt, which swallowed up the lean kme. What
would the position of Georgia be in point of po-
litical power did she wield that of Alabama and
Mississippi in addition to her own 5 The object '
was to build up separate independent States, so as
to divide equally the political power; and there was
no question hete of the manner in which the pub-
lic lands should be administered.
Will gentlemen undertake to say that the reso-
lution of 1780 referred to those lands which have
been acquired since the donation by Mississippi
and Georgia to the United States' Will they un-
dertake to say that the sentiments therein con-
tained apply to those immense tracts of land which
have been purchased and paid for out of the gen-
eral Treasury ; Will they undertake to sav that
the doctrines they have started apply to the"Lou-
isiana purchase, to the Florida purchase, and to the 1
purchase on the Pacific? I should liketo hear gen- !
tlemen upon this point. I should like to hear them 1
prove, if they are able, that this doctrine, which j
they brought before this House the other day, in- [
May 10.
eludes these purchases;—if they were purchases
for the same purpose for which grants were ceded
from the States of Virsiuia and Georgia?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. AVERETT. I avail myself of this occa-
sion to reply to the arguments of the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Disney,] made the other day
upon the constitutional power of Congress over
the public lands. He said, with an air of great
confidence, that, if he had the physical strength,
he could, even in a five minutes'speech, convince
any man, whose mind was not biased beyond re-
demption, of the constitutionality of this measure.
Forthwith, the gentleman went on to quote the
Constitution, as he said; but the very first sen-
tence that he quoted was a quotation not to be
found in the Constitution itself.
1 Sir, it seems to me as clear as a sunbeam, that
this bill is at war with the Constitution, with the
equal rights of our people, and abounds in bad
faith towards the old States.
"The Congress shall have power to dispose of, and make
all needful rules and regulations respecting, the territory or
other property belonging [not to Congress, but! to the United
Stutes.
It is that clause that gives Congress power to
dispose of the public lands. The United States,
then, held no territory except such as had been
ceded by the old States. Upon what terms did
the United States hold that territory? Why, sir,
under a solemn compact and obligation that it
should be appropriated to defray the expenses of
this Government; to aid the States to defray the
expenses of this Government, in proportion to the
charges upon them respectively, and " for no other
purpose whatsoever." That was the solemn ob-
ligation which had been entered into before the
formation of the Constitution; and if the gentle-
! man means to say that the power tu puss this bill,
or any similar bill, to divert these lands from those
| purposes is given in the Constitution, he means to
! charge the framers of that instrument with repu-
diating a solemn contract which hud been entered
into at the instigation of the Federal Government.
The practice of the Government, for fifty-odd
yeais, has conformed to this obligation, and
proves that 1 have truly interpreted the Constitu-
tion; indeed, there can be no doubt about it. Un-
less the gentleman means to say that the framers
of the Constitution meant to repudiate that obli-
gation, it seems to me he is bound to admit that
the power to divert the lands from these purposes
is not given to Congress by the Constitution. It
cannot be denied, that power over the public do-
main was meant to apply to the public, domain
then m the possession of the Government, which
had been acquired from the old States, under the
expiess stipulations just mentioned. Those stip-
ulations give us the true interpretation of the Con-
stitution indubitably. The Government, I repeat,
, had no other lands, and held them under this ob-
! ligation i and I repeat that the practice, for more
, than fifty yeai s, has confoi nied to it; and it proves '
! that this was what the framcrs of the Constitution i
I meant, m theclause which I have quoted, the only j
j clause giving Congress power over the public do- '
: mam. [ say, then, to divert these lands from pur-
j poses specified m the deeds of cession made by 1
■ the old States, ts usurpation, say what you may j
about precedents. 1 look to the Constitution
itself, and I defy gentlemen to show the power to >
pass such a biil as this, i will take this occasion ;
to inquire why it is our Western friends are so ;
eager to kick out of the traces, and divest us of !
our rights in the public domain. They cannot |
expect to settle oui immense domain in a minute.
Their fathers or themselves havegone to the West
of their own freewill and accord. With what i
reason can they complain, since we have nurtured :
them in their territorial condition, yea, petted :
them, and defended them against the Indians at :
immense expense? With what reason can they 1
complain that the buffalo and buck are still within '
the reach of their rifles? Why is it? Is it be- I
cause they wish to get somebody upon the public
lands to tax? Yes, sir; they wish to locate peo- •
pie upon the Unds to tax them' It is for that :
purpose that they are striving to divest us of our 1
rights. They would prefer havmg the power to m
tax the lands, to the gift of them. Are we not |!
joint owners of them? Are not the old States
members of this copartnership of States? Are :
you, my Western friends, determined to repudiate f
the obligations of your fathers? Unquestionably ''
p you cannot show your power, in the Constitution,
! to do what you are aiming at; and 1 proclaim here,
1, if you pass this bill you not only violate the Con-
j, stitution, but you desecrate the memory of your
j'fathers!
!' Mr. HALL. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out " three" years and inserting
"two." 1 wish to answer the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Averett,] who inquires why it is
that members of the West desire to see these lands
taken out of the hands of the Federal Government?
I answer, that we do desire it. We who own
lands in the West are taxed exorbitantly for the
!! purpose of making roads and bridges, that the
j; laws may be administered over the settlers on these
j public lands. These the Federal Government own;
i; and while we, the small landed proprietors of the
'! new States, are subjected to these expenses, for
: the purpose of adding value to your public domain,
I1 you stand by, let your public "domain improve by
ii our expenditure, and refuse to give us a singie
jl cent. We have felt the evil, and have suffered
1 long enough under the operation of this unjust
j; system. 1 tell thegentleman from Virginia, that if
j; he will deal equitably and fairly with all the parties
l! to whom these lands belong, he will insist that
jj they shall all contribute their fair shiue towards
N giving value to the public lands. It is, atpresent,
a one-sided operation. The new States have not
!: only paid the taxes, but have made roads and
, bridges, and have been at the expense of adminis-
! terms? the laws to protect settlers upon your public
! lands, and we have received nothing in return for
it. Now, we think that this thing has gone on
• long enough. You keep these lands, and specu-
| late with them off of the new States. We have
i asked you to sell the land for what it is worth,
i but you will not do it until we, by our expendi-
i ture, add value to it; and then when we ask for a
;j fair and liberal policy, accuse us of robbing and
ii plundering you of your property.
j Now, sir, 1 am sorry that the gentleman from
■ Virginia has left, as 1 wished to call upon hun to
I tell me for what object the Government of the
" United States has ever acquired territory. For
t what purpose has any Government upon the face
, of God's earth ever acquired territory r Was it
; not solely and exclusively for the purpose of peo-
; phng it?—for the purpose of adding to the strength
and power of the Government, and for the pur-
I pose, in that way, of adding to the greatness and
: wealth of the nation? And, sir, we have recog-
nized that this is the only purpose for wluch we
have acquired this history, because, from time to
time, we have passed laws with reference exclu-
i sively to its ,-ettlement. We have passed pre-
emption lav/s to induce people to go and live upon
the land. Wehave established a credit system at
1 one time, and then we have established the cash
i system at another time, all the Ume selling iheland
at a comparatively low price, m the opinion of
gentlemen trorn the old Slates, with a vjew of en-
: I'ouraging people to go and live upon it. If we
acquire these lands fort he pu rpose of peoplino- them,
I ask the gentleman from Virginia, now, us I in-
quired the other d^y, why Congress cannot, in the
exercise of a sound discretion, pass a bill, the ob-
ject of which is to settle the public hmdsr That
■ is the ground upon wluch I rest this bill. I do
not claim all power at the hands of Congress over
; the public- domain. I do not claim thafyou have
a right to pass a distribution law, like the famous
1 billot Henry Clay. I do not claim anything of
that kind, but I do say, having acquned'this land
, for the puipose of extending population and set-
tlement, that we have a right to adopt a biil which
has for its object, in good faith, the extension of
our population of this territory. That is the
ground upon which 1 rest this lull, and I am will-
ing to meet gentlemen of the old Srates in the de-
fense of it. Gentlemen from the old States ought
noi to complain if the new Sfares are a little rest-
less under the operation of this system. The new
States have asked you to graduate the price of the
puolic lands. They have only asked you to sell
it for what it is really worth, and this you have
refused.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DISNEY. Mr. Chairman, it was not my
purpose to say another word, but that which has
fallen from some gentlemen this morning seem to
call for a reply. I feel fully the folly of attempting
to make a constitutional argument in a five minute
speech, nor shall I attempt it, but submit only a
