2176
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 11.
Mrv„WALKER. Mr. President, I have list-
ened with a good deal of interest and a good deal
of attention to what the honorable Senator from
California has just said. That most of what he
says ought to impress us cannot be doubted, and
will not be disputed by any one. The only thing
to which I object, is to the conclusion of his re-
marks. I dislike all prophecies or threats of what
a particular section of this country will do in a
fiven event, before the necessity is forccd upon it.
wish that had been unsaid. But, sir, that the
time is fast approaching when the great catas-
trophe of the Indian tribes is to arrive, is to be
witnessed, and to be suffered, none of us can
doubt. He that has looked into the condition of
that people, must have come to the conclusion,
that when the white people lapped around them
on the west, the finale of their fate was not far off.
What strikes meas astonishing is, that theprop-
osition of the Senator from California should be
deemed at all adequate to the emergency. Why,
upon what ground does he place it ? He tells us,
what we knew before, that the Indian agents in
California made treaties with these Indians; that
whilst treating they had supported them, and that
in the treaties made with them—and which they
had a fair and good right to presume would be
ratified—promises were made to them of subsist-
ence to stand in lieu of the resources which they
had heretofore had—the acorns of the country,
the game of the country, and whatever else there
might be to which they had previously resorted
for subsistence. He says that these treaties were
rejected, and consequently that their terms have
not been complied with. What is the remedy?
Why, he tells us that from now to the next ses-
sion of Congress, and as long thereafter as may be
required, Congress should make an appropriation
of $109,000 to satisfy the Indians and to feed
them.
Now, if we take the number to be what he him-
self says he has stated it to be—70,001)—it would
give to them $1 42.6 apiece, provided the whole
$100,000 go entirely to their benefit, and were re-
ceived by them in full. If we deduct, what we
may rationally suppose to be necessary to be de-
ducted in that country for the expenditure of that
sum—twenty per cent.—we have but $80,000 to be
appropriated to their use. That distributed among
them, would give them §1 14.2 per head. 1
know not what is the price of beef in that country,
but from the examples we have had, I appiehend
it will not be less than six cents per pound. Put
it at the low lateof six rents: what would that
give them? It would give to each Indian under
the first computation,supposing they get the whole
amount, twelve pounds of beef; and deducting the
twenty percent., it would give them nine and three
fifth pounds per head. Yet this is to be the grand
pacificator for three months, and dm ing, perhaps,
most of the next session of Congress, to be applied
in California! This is to preserve the peace!
This is to allay the excitement of these Indians!
This is to prevent u war! Why, sir, it will not
do it.
I do not charge any Senator here, much less the
Senator from California, with folly; but if we do
this, as a body, we shall be committing a folly.
It will not pacify them; it will not keep down a
war, if they entertain a belligerent spirit.
Then the nine and three fifths pounds or the
twelve pounds will be exhausted among these In-
dians, who look to that alone as the resource for
life, in three or four days; and they will begin
again to inquire with more asperity than they
now inquire, "Is this all?" And the honorable
Senator from Virginia proposes that we shall ex-
pressly declare to them that it is not to continue
to be the policy of this Government. Why, sir,
this will but exasperate them. I as sincerely be-
lieve that you will exasperate them by ihn course
as I believe anything upon which the convictions
of my mind are settled.
I shall regret to see such an appropriation made,
because 1 think it will be disastrous. Hut theie
does arise a question, What are we to do with
these Indians? It ia one that is melancholy in
its character. It presents? itself with a harsh tone
to the human understanding. The all-wise Cre-
ator, Provider, and Governor of all ihmgs can
alone see what it is proper that we should dc.
But that this would not be sanctioned by his wis-
dom I am v-ery confident, for one, with the poor
wisdom which I have.
Mr. BUTLER. Suppose you give them a
homestead.
Mr. WALKER. TheSenatorintimatessome-
thing about a homestead. Sir, it is a wise sug-
gestion. All you ever can do with these Indians
is to bestow upon them a homestead, and that as
quickly as possible. But $100,000 will not pro-
vide for them until you give them a homestead.
If they will not use the homestead for the purposes
of self-subsistence, they will be but in the condi-
tion in which the rest of mankind have found
themselves when they failed to subsist themselves
from the bosom of the earth", and I venture to say
that many of them will pass away before they
ever do it.
The imputation of cruelty will long rest upon
this country before the remnant of these tribes are
brought to subsist themselves. But this imputa-
tion will be erroneous; it will not be just—it will
not be merited by us. But still we cannot escape
it. All that you can do is to give them a home-
stead; and I thank the honorable Senator from
South Carolina for that word. Yes, sir, give
them a homestead, and that as quickly as possible.
But, until you do it, ninepounds or twelve pounds
of beef will not satisfy them—mark my word for
it. I do not believe that if we appropriate $100,000
these Indians will get §80,000 of it. I do not be-
lieve that even $80,000 wili reach them if we make
this appropriation. I doubt whether the half of it
wiil reach them. I doubt whether they wili de-
rive any material benefit from it. I very much
doubt, as has been said, whether it would give
each of them a good dinner of beef alone. And
this is to pacify them! It will not do it.
It seems to me, that we had better do nothing,
than make this appropriation. At all events, it
occurs to me, that if we are going to appropriate
anything for their subsistence, we must appropri-
ate a sufficiency to subsist them; and, in addition
to that, me muK do what has been suggested by
the Senator from Virginia, appropriate money to
institute and carry on an investigation in regard
to the future location of these Indians-—a loca-
tion in which they may not be disturbed. But
$100,000 will not do that; and there is no propo-
sition, in addition to it, to appropriate money to
locate them.
I do not propose to give any advice in regard
to this matter, except that this amendment should
not be adopted. It seems to me, that a very few
figures will show that it must be utterly futile.
But if I were to give any advice, I would say let
this appropriation go; but let them see that a
prospect of something for the future is held out to
them. Let them see that there is an interest felt
by the Government for their welfare. Let them
see that the Government has instituted an inquiry
into their future condition, and for the purpose of
bettering that condition. That is the only advice
that I can give. How that end can best be ac-
complished, I leave to others. But I would advise,
for one, that this appropriation be not made; but
that our energies be directed entirely to their fu-
ture location, and the support of a delegation in
connection with the Government agency, to look
out for that location.
Mr. WELLEK. I have but a few remarks
to makem response to my friend from Wisconsin.
He seems to labor under the impression that the
§100,000 proposed to be appropriated, are to be
used for the purchase of beef, and that the beef is
to be equally distributed amongst 70,000 Indians.
No one has ever advocated that, and the gentle-
man might have saved himself the trouble of a great
deal of figuring m regard to that matter. I only
propose that that appropriation shall be made for
the purpose of preventing a large portion of these
Indians from starving, and in order ro prevent
hostilities. There are a great many Indians in
California who are engaged in the mines, and
others who are engaged m work of a different char-
acter. There are many of them who are located
in sections of the State where they can procure
their usual and accustomed food; but at the same
time there are doubtless a considerable number of
them who have been brought down from the north-
ern part of the State, and settled upon reservations,
who will absolutely suffer for want of food unless
some provision is made for them by the Govern-
ment. I do not propose that the money shall all be
expended in beef, but that there shall be blankets
and other presents, such as are usually made to In-
dian tribes who reside within our limits. If these
things have not had a salutary influence in cheek-
ing the hostilities of the Indians in past years, I
know not why it is that the Government has been
persisting in this policy from its foundation to the
present time. In this bill, as well as in all other
Indian appropriation bills which have been sub-
mitted to the consideration of the Senate, there are
appropriations for the purchase of presents to be
made to the'Indians, and wherefore make the ap-
propriations? What is the object? Is it not to
gain the good will, to conciliate, if possible, the
Indians' Is it not to prevent, as far as may*
be, the Indians from committing depredations on
the white men? If the $100,000 be expended in
that way—a portion in clothing, and a portion in
food, as the necessities of the Indians may de-
mand—I apprehend that it will contribute very
much, notwithstanding the sneers of my learned
friend from Wisconsin, towards preventing the
Indians from committing hostilities on the whites.
It is by treating these Indians with kindness and
affection—by extending to them the hand of help
in the hour of need: by furnishing them with
food, when they are suffering starvation; by making
little presents, if you choose, to please their fancies,
that you oftentimes avoid a war of the most revolt-
ing and disastrous character. I supposed that my
friend from Wisconsin, who has seen something
of Indians on the frontiers, understood this; but
so strong was his desire to turn the whole pro-
ceeding into ridicule that he could not resist the
temptation. It is far easier to ridicule than-to
reason.
I made no threats. I am not in the habit of in-
dulging in threats. I only spoke of a state of
feeling which existed upon the shores of the Pa-
cific. There is a large proportion of foreigners
there, and a very large number of those who have
but little sympathy with our Government—they
feel but little attachment as yet for it. They have
known but little of it thus far except as a collector
of taxes. Many would be ready and willing at
any time to establish an independent government
on the shores of the Pacific. There are men (X
hope they are not numerous) in that State, and
countrymen of yours, Mr. President, who are
anxious for an opportunity of making incursions
on some of the neighboring provinces—on the
Sandwich Islands, or on the State of Sonora.
There are men there who desire the establishment
of an independent and separate government. It is
to prevent these men from finding any excuse for
conduct leading to a dismemberment of the Union
that I have demanded that justice should be done.
I have said, but not in the language of threaten-
ing, that the people of California have been neg-
lected—ay, shamefully neglected. It is a very
common thing, too, on this floor, whenever any
proposition is introduced in regard to California
to treat it as a miserable piece of humbuggery.
Sir, there are certain Senators here who are in the
habit of treating everything that comes from that
section of the Union in that wav. J was not sur-
prised that my learned friend from Georgia l"Mi%
Dawso.v] was opposed to thia appropriation. I
anticipated that, for I took occasion to pay to the
Senate not long since, that although that Senator
was sometimes liberal in professions, I had not
seen any evidence of that liberality in his acts;
and it is by acts that men are to he judsred.
I trust the day will speedily come when a sense
of justice will induce Senators to deal fairly with
the people of that remote section of the Republic,
Now, sir, the Senator from Wisconsin would
have theSenateand the countrv believe that I have
threatened to dissulvc this Union if you do not
feed the Indians of California! i have said that
that portion of the Union hap been neglected in
your legislation. I have endeavored to invoke
the attention of Congress to the necessity of a
spirit of liberality towards those separated from
you by oceans and by mountains. I have im-
plored you to do her justice. If you extend to
them the same degree of liberality and protection
that you extend to the other States of this Con-
federacy, you will find them the first in the field to
maintain, and the last to abandon, the Uf ion.
No man desires more than I do to put down that
spirit of disunion which pervade.", or has pervaded,
some portions of the country. No one, T am sure,
is more devoted to the preservation of that Union
under which we have so long and happily lived.
If you establish the principle of justice—if you
take care that the people of your frontier settle-
