THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $3 FOR THIS SKSSIOjN.
32d Congress, 1st Session.
FRIDAY, AUGUST 13, 1352.
New Series....No. 137.
ments receive the same protection that is afforded
to other portions of the Union, you will have laid
the foundations of your Government upon an
immovable basis, and the winds of fanaticism,
whether they come from the North or from the
South, shall not prevail against it.
Sir, I have not been asking, because California
contributes so largely towards replenishing your
Treasury, because she has enriched other portions
of the Union, that she shall have any extraouli-
nary legislation for her benefit; but I have claimed,
and 1 shall persist in claiming, that she shall have
the same degree of protection, the same degree of
respect, and of affection extended to her that is
extended to others; that although distant, she
shall be remembered in your legislation. This I
ask—this I have a right to ask. The State of
California has been compelled to make an appro-
priation for the relief of the starving emigrants,
who have gone from the older States of this Union
to California—men who have been driven out of
the older States by penury and want, and who
are wending their way to the shores of the Pacific,
there to build up for themselves and their families
a home in the mighty West. On their toilsome
journey many of them have been stricken by dis- i
ease, and in crossing the plains driven to starva- 1
tion, and California has been compelled to appro-
priate her own money" to their relief; and now
you desire that she shall go a step furtherand feed j
these Indians, who are unfortunately placed
amongst us, and then fight them at her own ex- |
pense ! She must relieve the starving emigrants; ;
save the Indians from destruction, and repel them !
when they become hostile! And this I am told is 1
justice! 1
Mr. DAWSON. Mr. President 
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will be under
the necessity of arresting this discussion, unless ;
it is confined to the subject-matter. The debate j
has taken entirelv too wide a range. ;
Mr. DAWSON. 1 trust the demonstration of
the Chair was not made to me, for when I ad-
dressed the Senate before I confined myself to the
subject.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair did not say
that the honorable Senator was outof order. He
merely adverted to the fact that the debate had j
taken too wide a range. j
Mr. DAWSON. Mr. President, I did not de- i
sign, when I made objection to this amendment, ;
to have involved this body in a discussion, nor ■
did 1 think that the privilege I had of making op- ■
position to any amendment which might be offered [
would have caused me to be charged with a want ,
of liberality. The modesty of the State of Califor- ;
ma 1 freely admit. I admit that she is but a babe; '
and yet har? learned to denounce and speak aloud j
Without ever learning to coo. But when the alle- j
gation is made that we have actcd unjustly towards |
California, end been guilty of ilhberahty towards !
her, I beg leave to s y, that I think not. No
Tenitory was ever more regarded by^this Gov- '
ernment than California, when a Territory; and ;
no State has been better protected. The Army \
and the Navy, and the appropriations of this Gov- ;
ernment, lia\"e found their way to the shores of the
Pacific. California is not yet, I think, more than 1
two years oi age, as a Slate, and when the appro- i
priations which ha\e i><-en made to her shall have ;
been added up, and the legisUtmn that has been ,
extended to her by Congress accounted for—when ;
the unanimity with which the feeling has prevailed i
here to gratify and to satisfy California shall have :
been well understood, I think there will be no |
charge against this Government ol a want ot pro- t
tection to the Pacific coast, and especially to Cal-
fornia. ;
Now, Mr. President, can it ever be charged ,
upon us that we have given offense to California '
even to suggest upon this floor a dissolution of the
Union? Why, when she reflects upon the protec-
tion she has received, and the revenue she has
taken from this country, she ought never to sug-
gest the idea of a dissolution of the Union. She
might have spoken of California retiring from the
Union, but she can never dissolve it. But I know
137
that the honorable Senator from California has no .
feeling of that kind, and did not intend to refer to j
it. 1 waive, however, all these things, and come ;
to the point, on account of the admonition of the •
Chair to gentlemen to confine themselves to the ]
subject.  
When I made the first objection to this propo- j
sition, it arose out of this fact. Do not the good '
people of California understand what a treaty is, !
and when it becomes a treaty of this Government? ;
Did not the commissioners on the part of the j
United States, who negotiated the treaties with j
Indians in California, tell them that they were not;
obligatory uutil constitutionally confirmed by this j
Government? Our people understood, and the [
savages of the State of California were undoubt- |
edly made to understand, that the treaties created no i
obligation until they were ratified. They have not j
been ratified, and therefore no obligation exists.
But upon what ground is this appropriation j
asked? Upon the ground that the General Gov- !
ernment, by its treaty-making power, has involved |
these unfortunate portions of creation—these vari- j
ous Indian tribes in California—in a wretched '
and unhappy condition. Now, let us examine ;
the matter, and see whether that allegation be j
true, and whether our humanity and kindness J
should be called into requisition on this occasion, j
By the treaties negotiated, as I understand my |
friend from California, the Indians were to be i
subsisted for two years, (1851 and 1852,) and they
were to be subsisted by being supplied with a j
certain quantity of beef. Is there a particle of j
testimony before the Senate that the supply of
beef has not been delivered? Is there any com- ,
plaint thiough the Indian agencies, or from the In- ;
dians, to the Government, as to that point. But !
in violation of the treaties—in violation of the !j
knowledge which the commissioners and the peo- i|
pie of California, and the Indians themselves, had !j
of the obligations of the treaties, they have gone \[
on to involve this country in a charge or claim i
against it on the part of certain contractors in the i
State of California to obtain $800,000 or $1,000,000 (
for food supplied, as is alleged, to keep these In-
dians from starvation. Claims to the amount of ,
$800,000 for that object have already been pre-j!
sented. That amount has been expended in part j
execution of the treaties. Now, 1 ask, can the |
Constitution and the laws be violated in order to !
attempt the execution of a treaty before that treaty j
is ratified by this Government? And shall the !
confirming or ratifying power of the Government j
sanction the idea that the treaty-making power, ;■
through the commissioners of the Government, ]
with savage tribes, shall incur obligations, and '!
undertake, contrary to our constitutional rights, 1
to execute the treaty, and we be called upon and
be charged with illiberality because we do not ex- j
ecute u"? j
If gentlemen reflect for a moment, they will see i
that it is proposed that we shall tread upon the [
Constitution, and violate the law, under the ap-j
. prehension that the people of the Pacific coast of j
; this country may become dissatisfied with our ud-
1 herence to the Constitution and the law, and may ;
' take it into their heads to go off. What is it that ;
i keeps the people of this country together? What :
! is the binding obligation? What is the chain that ,
j unites us, but the Constitution of the country? ,
' And a faithful execution of that Constitution can 1
i alone guaranty to us perpetuity and unity. Yet j
' we are called upon here to violate it, and step out i
! of the line of our duty,for thegratification ofthose ;
1 who hold up an apprehension to us that they will ;
; desert it.
i I do not desire to say anything which may stir ■
, up any angry feelings, or insinuate anything un- ;
ktnd, or reflect upon any individual whatever; '
i but, sir, I trust that my course of liberality, my
course of conduct, my adherence, so far as I un-
■ derstand it, to the Constitution of the country,
; and the unity of this Government, is well under-
■ stood and appreciated. No act of mine will ever
; blot one star, or even dim the luster of one star,
' forming the galaxy of the great and glorious con-
I stellation composing the Union.
What is the principle asked for by this amend-
ment? Let me suggest that the^e treaties were
made at the close of the year 1850, or the begin-
ing of the year 1851. These treaties, it is said—
I do not say it—have been rejected by the Senate.
If they have been rejected by the Senate, they are
as if they never existed. But it is said that there
was an obligation in these treaties, by which the
Indians were to be subsisted for two years. Two
years from when? Two years from and after the
ratification of the treaties. But in anticipation of
those two years, they commenced itfiom the time
of the signature of the treaties. These treaties have
been carried into effect for nearly one year and
eight months, and have been executed by the de-
livery of the food; and now we are called upon
to do—what? First, we are asked to pay the
gentlemen who furnished this beef u: .der contract
with the commissioners m violation of the obli-
gations of the treaties—in violation of their duty,
and with a perfect comprehension of the risks they
were running. They have called upon us to pay
$800,000 for the food furnished to the Indians.
Can the Indians giumble at that? They have
been fed for over a year, and there is evidence of
it. But my friend says that these Indians are still
lingering and tarrying; that they have rome from
the northern region, and are now about to starve.
Ilave they been there ever since the treaties were
entered into? Certainly not. The Senator says
that these Indians have come from the mountains
and gone into the valleys. Who brought them
from the mountains to the valleys?
Mr. WELLER. Your ofliceis.
Mr. DAWSON. The officers of the Govern-
ment? Where is the evidence of that fact, offi-
cially through any Department or any Indian
agency—in any form or shape whatever? No-
where. Where is the evidence that the Indians
have left the mountains, and are in the valleys in
a starving condition? It has been said that their
game has been run off and destroyed. By whom?
By the whites. Why, sir, California comprises
about 200,000 square miles. It is larger than all
the New England and Middle States together,
with a population of not more than 250,000. Have
they destroyed allthegame? How much can they
occupy ? Separate them as wide as you please,
how many square miles can thev occupy ? Who,
then, has destroyed the game? The men who were
toiling in the mines? Not they, because they
were engaged in toil, and would be glad to pur-
chase from the wandering Indians the game that
they might destroy. The ^anie of the Indians
would be a benefit to these men who labor, instead
of being an injury to them.
What ground is there, then, for the suggestion
that these people are to be driven into a state of
wnrfare from starvation? What act of ours has
led to this starvation'1 If I saw that it was to
result from any act of ours, I would not even be
restrained by my judgment, but 1 would reach
out at once to save them from solvation—for the
redemption of men even beyond our shores.
Now, wheie die thc*e Indians? Where shall
we hunt them ? They ore in the very country
where they have been since we o'ota med California.
Have they changed fiom the mountains to the
. vallfysforagriculuuiil purposes? No, sir. If they
' have changed from the mountains to the valleys,
! can they not return to the mountains m the p'lr-
I suit of game? Surely they can, and cenainly
| they have.
j There are two classes of Indians
l try: some who subsist upon agi:
j turns—the Pueblo Indians: and then iheve «?ie the
j wild wandering Indians who live by the chose,
I and upon roots \\ inch fow spontaneously. Have
' thev changed from the noithein nortion of the
' State to the Vcdleys? Whv, the trea'.fs never
| contemplated putting the wild Indians in among
I the Pueblos, and making them live m towns. The
| Pueblos live in towns and vnkices, and subsist
j themselves by their flocks, or the products of the
I little gardens which they cultivate.^ Ha\ethey
j abandoned their possessions? I think not, sir.
j They did not live in the mountains. They were
m that coun-
produr-
