1314
the congressional globe.
May 10,
first day of March, 1784, and contains the follow-
ing limitation:
"That-all the lan/ls within the territory so ceded to the
United States, and not reserved for or appropriated to any
ofthe before-mentioned purpose*, or deposed of in boun-
ties to the officers "and soldiers of the American army,
shall be considered as a common fund torjhe use and. ben-
efit of such of the United States as have become, or shall
become, members of the Confederation or federal Alliance
of the said, States, Virginia inclusive, according to their
usual respective proportions m the" general charge and
expenditure, aHd-sfcaU be faithfully and bona fide disposed
of for that purpose, and tor no other use or puipose what-
soever." •> . • -
Iftassachusetts ceded her interest in these lamest
on the 13thSeptember, 1786, and her commission-
ers-appointed for this purpose used thefollowing
language: ~ "
"Then we do by these presents,.by viitueofthe power
and authority aforesaid, in the.name and behali of the S'ifd
Commonwealth of Massachusetts, transfer, quit claim,
cede, and convey to the United States of- America, for
their benefit, Massachusetts inclusive, all ncrht, title,and
estate of and in, as well the soil as the jurisdiction which
* thesaid Commonwealth hath to the territory or tract within
the limits of lire Massachusetts chatter, situate and ljmg
west of the following line," &c."
•The "next cession in order of time was from
Connecticut. This was on the 14th of September,
178fi. -Thelanguage used in that cession is as
follows:
"Now, therefore, know ve, that we, the said William
Samuel Johnson and Jonathan Sturgee, by virtue ot the
power and authouty to us committed ny the said act of the
'General Assembly of Connecticut before-recited, in the
name, and lor,and on behalf of the said State of Connec-
ticut, do, by these preseuts, assign, transfer, quitclaim, cede,
and cofivey to the United States of America, lor therr ben-
efit, Connecticut inclusive, all the right, title, interest, juris-
diction,and claim" which thesaid State of Connecticut hath,
in and to the beforementloned and described temtory or
tract of country, as the «ame is bounded and described in
the said act of Assembly, for the uses in the said act of As-
sembly disclosed."
The cession of South Carolina was made on the
9th of August, 1787, arid is in these words:
" Now, therefore, know ye, that we, the said John Kean
and £>aniel .Huger, by virtue of the power and authouty to
us committed bv the said act of the Genera! Assembly of
South Carolii.a before recited, in the name, and for, and in
behalf of the State of South Carolina, do, by these pres-
ents, assign, transfer, quit claim, code, and convey to the
United State* of America for their benefit, South Carolina
inclusive, all the right,titie^inteiest, jurisdiction,'and claim
•\vluch ih'e State of South Carolina hath in and to the before-
mentioned and described territory or tract of country, as
the same is bounded and described in the said act ot As-
sembly, for the uses in the said recited act of Assembly
disclosed."
North Carolina made hev cession on the 2d of
-April, 1790. The language used in it is as fol-
lows:
"Thirdly. That all the lands intended to be ceded, by virtue
of this act, to the United States of America, and not appro-
priated as before-mentioned, shall be considered as a com-
mon fund for the use and benefit of the United States of
America, North Carolina inclusive, according to their re-
_ spectivc and usual proportion in the general chaige and ex-
penditure, and shall be taithhilly disposed of foi that use
and purpose, and foi no oihei u^e oi puipose whatsoever."
The last cession made, sir, was by Georgia.
This was ot; the 24th of April, 1802. The lan-
guage of limitation used by that State in her deed
of cession, is as follows:
" Thirdly. That all the lands ceded by this agreement to
the United States shall, after satisfying the above mentioned
payment of £1,250,000 to the t^tare of Georgia, and the
grants recognized by the pieccdtng condition*, bo consid-
ered as a commonfund for the u^e and benefitof TiteUmted
States, Georgia included, and «hall be faithfully dUpos^d of
for that us-e and puipose, and for no other u>e and puipo e
whatever."
Now, sir, I have read that part of each one of
those deeds of cession relating or pertaining to
this point, and in no one of them is settlement
one of the objects had in view m making the
cession. On the contrary, the leading object in all
of them was.to create a common fund for the tise
and benefit of oil the Stales of the Union (the ceding
State included) and for no other use or purpose
whatever. _ I therefore not only protest against
the doctrine advanced by the gentleman" from
Missouri, [Mr." Hall,] and from Ohio, [Mr.
Disney,] that the main object of making those
cessions, was settlement and population and the
formation of new States; but, sir, as n Representa-
tive of one of these old States, making one of these
cessions, I protest against any disposition of the
public lands so ceded in opposition to the express
words of the grants under which we hold them.
Mr. EVANS. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
MeNua,] by inserting after the words " war with
M-exico," the words," revolutionary war, war of ;
1812, and Florida war." ' '
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I make a question j-
of order upon this amendment, that it is contrary ;
to the fifiy-nfth rule; and that it is upon a diifetent
subject from the one before the committee. We j
have up this"whole subject of the bounty j
lands for week if, and discussed it. . - !
Mr. EVANS. I submit to the Chair that it is '
too late, svhea t have offered it as an amendment ;
to the amendment. The gentleman should have ;
raised-the question upon the amendment itself. j
Mr. JONES. I take it'upon the original!
amendment." ■
The CHAIRMAN. The question must be now :
upon the amendment to the amendment of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. McNair.]
The Cha r is of the opinion that it is in order, as
extending the benefits proposed by the amendment.
Mr. JONES. 1 take an appeal, and ask for the
reading of the fifty-fifth rule.
The CHAIRMAN. It will be read, unless
objected to.
The fifty-fifth rule was then read, as follows: '
• "No motion or proposition on a subject different from
that under consuleiation, &hail be admitted undei color oi
amendment. No' biU oi resolution shall at any lane be
amended, by annexing thereto, or incorporating therewith,
any other bill or resolution pending before the llou*e."
Mr; JONES* I take an appeal upon the original
arhendment.
-The CHAIRMAN. The Chairthinks it is too
late. -
Mr. JONES. It is not too late, while it is
pending.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
the amendment offered by the gentleman from
Maryland [Mr. Evans] is m order, to the amend-
ment ottered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. McNaiu.J That is the only question before
the committee.
Mr. JONES. I make the question of order upon
the original amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that
the two questions cannot be made, both at the
same time. It is too late to make the point of
order now.
Mr. JONES. If I withdraw it upon this one,
as the Chair understands if, cannot the point of
order be taken upon the original amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is^ of the im-
pression that it is too late to take it upon the
original amendment". That has been received.
The question of order raised upon the original
amendment was overruled, and acquiesced in by
the committee.
Mr. JONES. It has not been acted upon.
Mr. EVANS. I call the gentleman from Ten-
nessee to order.
The CHAIRMAN. It is the opinion of the
Chair that it is too late to raise the question of
order.
Mr. JONES. 1 take an appeal from the decis-
ion of the Chair. If that decision is overruled,
then 1 will take an appeal upon the amendment
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Mc-
naih.]
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Jones] raises the question of order,
that the amendment submitted by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. McNair] is not in order.
The Chair rules that at this time the objection
comes too late, and cannot be received. From that
ruling the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Jokes]
appeals, and the question is now, " Shall the decis-
ion of the Chair stand as the judgment of the com-
mittee?"
The question was then taken, and it was decided
in the affirmative.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. EVANS. The gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. McNair] has certainly made some
patriotic and proper remarks, but what struck me
with a great deal of surprise is, that m offering* an
amendment which he had evidently drawn with
great care, and to which he had given a good deal
of consideration, he should have overlooked every-
thing that occurred prior to 1846, and should have
forgotten that during the revolutionary war and
m the war of 1812 we had sailors and marines in
our service, who contributed greatly to our honor
and renown. The gentleman is not a very old
gentleman, hut certainly his reading, if not his
recollection, goes back to those times. Every
one present must know that the most deserving
men that we have ever had in service are these
very sailors and marines, in the war of 1812. You
had no prestige of success, or any probability of
it until they made your flag triumphant. You
never" gave them any reward for their services,
but you have given bounty lands to the soldiers
and marines who were engaged in the war with
'< Mexico.
S Mr. McNATR. I think not to ihe sailois.
| Mr. EVANS., Well, I think we ha\e; but we
I have never granted any to the sailors uho-were
! engaged in the war of 1812. For what reason?
I You state, as an objection, that the sailors are en-
! titled to prize money. Were not those engaged in
! theMexican war also entitled to prize money ? Dut
| take the Florida war, where the sailors and imi-
I rines of tire United States went on sho'e and
fought with the land troops, for years, «nd never
received one particle of bounty land, though they
could not by possibility have any prize money.
Why is it, 1 ask the honorable gentleman, that he
has forgotten these illustrious men?—has over-
looked men of the.highest desert and the most
brilliant reputation, men who have graced their
country by their deeds of.arms?
Mr/McNAlR. 1 will vote for the gentleman's
amendment.
Mr. EVANS. I hope the gentleman will vote
for it; and I hope the House will not overlook it.
It has been said in this House, in former times,
that these sailors, who are a class of men scattered
over the whole world,and who areseldom at home
on the day of election, do not vote, and, therefore,
it is useless to stretch our gratitude beyond the
borders of our interest. Well, I am prepared to
relinquish my share of the interest so that there
may be more to distribute among other members;
and shall only ask that I may display my grati-
tude to the gallant sailors and marines who are
embraced in my amendment by pressing its adop-
tion upon the committee.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WOODWARD. Mr. Chairman, I object
to the amendment of the gentleman from Mary-
land, [Mr. Evans.] It makes an unjust distinc-
tion between persons equally meritorious, sup-
posing the bill to be right in principle. And what
I have to say will meet the views presented by the
distinguished gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Dis-
ney,] already properly criticised by the gentleman
from Georgia, (Mr. Stephens.]
The public lands originally belonged to a por-
tion of the States, and not the whole. But, be-
cause the'title'to, or, rather, possession of these
lands had. been secured by a war in which all the
States had spent their treasure and made great
sacrifices, it was considered that justice demanded
! that the territory thus secured against a common
enemy should become the common fund of all the
States, to pay a common debt and.provide for
their common interest. But we propose now to
reverse this policy. We propose to take the ter-
ritory from the whole, and give it to a part.
The gentleman from Ohio "says that the terri-
tory was ceded to the Union for the purpose of
having it settled and erected into republican States,
to be admitted into the Union. Pie confounds
the conditions of the cession with the object. The
object was to provide the Union with a common
fund to discharge a common debt. But these
| States, which were the original proprietors, re-
| fused to make the cession, except upon the con-
j dition that the United States should carry out the
| policy which it was the intention of the original
i proprietors to pursue—that is, put the lands into
j market, and thus promote their settlement, and
j when sufficiently populous, admit thediflerentdis-
i tricts or divisions into the Union as States, on the
| terms of the Constitution.
; Why did Virginia and other States require these
! conditions? The history of the matter is this:
; There was an Eastern interest, political in its
' character, opposed to the extension of the Union
j westward; opposed to the new communities then
i growing up west of theOhio river becoming mem-
j hers of the Confederacy. The proprietary States
I found that if they gave up the control of their ter-
! ritories to the United States, they might be kept
: out of market to prevent their settlement, and that
i when they should be settled, they might be left to
' take care of themselves, and mi rht eventually at-
j tach themselves to the contiguous foreign prov-
' inces, and thus fall into the hands of foreign pow~
