402
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 27,
Mr. MeMULLIN. I am very sorry that my
colleague was not in the Hail.
Mr. NABERS. I had better, then, proceed. I
do not intend to get a great way out of order.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I barely rise
to say, by way of suggestion to the gentleman and
to the Chair, that I doubt if there was anything
said yesterday in the debate strictly out of order.
Gentlemen seem to suppose that when in Com-
mittee of the Whole they are allowed a greater
latitude of debate than when in the House. In that
they are mistaken. The same rules govern the de-
bate. When in the Committee of the Whole upon
appropriation and other bills, custom has allowed
a large latitude to gentlemen, but the parliamentary
law is the same—the rules of the House govern
us. Now, I submit to the Chair and the House
whether everything m connection with this propo-
sition pertaining to the ability and suitableness of
the selection of these gentlemen to execute this
part of the printing, is not legitimate in discussion.
1 am not expressing any opinion as to the merits
of these gentlemen, but I submit that it is a fair
subject-matter of debate.
The SPEAKER. The Chair on yesterday did
not feel disposed to call the gentleman from Worth
Carolina [Mr. Venable] to order, when it was
the evident desire of the House that he should pro-
ceed. The Chair would have pursued the same
course to-day with reference to the gentleman from
Mississippi, [Mr. Nabers;] but when a gentle-
man rising in his place, calls to order, it is the duty
of the Chair to confine gentlemen to the subject-
matter under debate.
Mr. NABERS. I am fully aware of that, and
shall not complain if called to order for not strictly
conforming to the rules of the House. If called
to order, I will feel inclined to take my seat until
the question is decided. Now, I was about to
proceed, on yesterday evening, to state what I
deemed to be the reason of the peculiar hostility
manifested by the gentleman from North Carolina
[Mr. Venable] against the editors of the Wash-
ington Union newspaper, I propose to give these !
reasons briefly now, and trust they will be satis- I
factory to a laige pioportion of gentlemen occu- |
pying seats upon this floor. I
Mr. ORR. I call the gentleman to order. ;
Mr. NABERS. I was about to talk about I
Messrs. Donelson & Armstrong. I believe they
are named in the resolution.
Mr. ORR. I call the gentleman to order for
irrelevancy. The gentleman stated that he pro-
posed to discuss the reasons of the hostility of the
member from North Carolina [Mr. Venable] to
the editors of the Union. [ submit that it is not
germane to the question now before the House for
consideration.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the gen-
tleman is in order.
Mr. MEADE. Allow me to make a suggestion.
The gentleman from Mississippi [Mr. NtimnsJ is
desirous of discussing a question winch must open
a wide field of debate. I would suggest to liini, if
he is desirous of giving himself a full latitude, and
allow the powers of his mind to operate without j
being cramped by apprehensions of the rules of
the House, and of being railed to order, to let the
discussion take place upon some other question in I
Committee of the Whole, Then he will have !
ample time to reply to the gentleman from North
Carolina, [Mr. Vexaui.e.] I will suggest another
thing. If it. is his purpose, or that of any other
man, to break up ihe present harmony that exists '
in the Democratic party, it is very well to let this
discussion go on, and 1 will tell you why. It is
well known that the Democratic party are——■ !
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I call thegen-
tleman from Virginia [Mr. Miviiie] to order, "lie
is not stating his point of order. [Laughter.]
Mr. MEADE. It was a suggestion I was
about to make, that he was not going on "with the
discussion upon this bill.
Mr. STANTON. I thought you had called ,
him to order.
Mr. STEPHENS. I wish to ask the gentle-'
man from Virginia [Mr. Meade] a question. [■
Mr. MEADE. I would rather reply to the gen- ■
tleman from Mississippi, [Mr. Nabers.] I cannot |l
answer a question until I have made my own sag-!
gesiiotis. 6 |
Mr. STEPHENS. I would ask the gentleman j
whether he believes that the harmony of the Dem-!
ocratic party depends upon giving this job to Don-
elson & Armstrong ? [Laughter.]
Mr. MEADE. I thought tfie gentleman was
about 
Mr. SWEETSER. I call the gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Meade] to order. My point of or-
der is, that the gentleman from Mississippi [Mr.
Nabers] cannot yield the floor to the gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Meade] for a general discus-
i sion of this question.
I Mr. MEADE. I am not going into a discus-
i sion, but only to make a suggestion.
J The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
j the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Meade] sought
j the floor for the purpose of making a suggestion
I to the member from Mississippi, [Mr. Nabers,]
that gentleman having yielded the floor for that
| purpose. The Chair does not think that the gen-
tleman from Virginia [Mr. Meade] is out of or-
der.
Mr. MEADE. The suggestion I make is sim-
ply this: that the Democratic party are agreed
, in relation to the powers of the Government and
the rights of the States. They differ about the
remedy in case those rights are invaded. Now, I
suggest to him whether there is any good to grow
out of the discussion of a question which ought
to be postponed, at least until that question
I arises, by some event that is yet to take place ?
! If we choose to make two parties out of the Dem-
j ocratic paity in legald to a remedy for the pres-
\ ervation of the rights of the States, while we are
all agreed about those rights and the powers of
the General Government, this discussion may go
on. If it is politic for us to reserve that question
till the time arrives, then I would suggest that it
is best for us to act in harmony until it does ar-
rive.
Mr. NABERS. I think that the very point to
which the gentleman from Virginia has called my
attention, would have been answered in my speech
belbre this tune. In connection with the sug-
gestion made by the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Meade] I will say, that there is no member of the
Democratic party, entertaining views similar to
those which I hold, who has manifested the least
disposition to throw a fire-brand into this Con-
gress. It is my purpose studiously to avoid any-
thing of the sort. But at the same time, whilst I
do not propose to divide, distract, or cutinto frag-
ments, if 1 could, that or any other party, I can-
not suffer myself or my friends to be assailed by
others, who entertain particular views, without
vindicating not only the sentiments which I enter-
tain, but those of the newspapers, which entertain
a similarity of sentiment. It was clearly indicated
in the speech delivered by the honorable member
from North <larolina, [Mr. Venable,] yesterday,
that he expected to say just precisely what he
pleased, and that he would denounce any man, or
set ot men, who might chance to differ with him.
And yet if the party assailed see proper to vindi-
cate themselves, they aie to be charged with in-
troducing (ire brands into the party—they are to
be charged with introducing disturbances into the
harmonious action of the Democratic party. So
far as I can sue, without the speech of the gentle-
man from Novth Carolina, [Mr. Venabi e,] it is
not so harmonious at the North as it might be.
That is my deliberate opinion. I am aware of the
fact, that there are questions of peculiar delicacy
growing out of this resolution incidentally, and it
is with pain that I allude to the strife and bitter-
ness that characterizes or did characterize the late
contests in various parts of the United States.
Allow me to say, that the contest alluded to by
the gentleman on yesterday—the contest which
prevailed in my own gallant State—was not as to
(he particular course pursued by any gentleman
with regaid to these exciting questions, or as to
the manner in which those measures were to be
received, after they became the law of the land. I
never made war upon any living human being, in
regard to Ins particular views, during the pend-
ency of these measures before Congress 
Mr. ORR. I again call the gentleman to order.
Mr. VENABLE. I hope myfiiend will with-
draw it, and let the gentleman proceed.
Mr. ORR. I should have no objection to hear
the gentleman from Mississippi [Mr. Nabers] m
Committee of the Whole, if ho desires to reply
to the gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr Ven-
able.] I should be gratified to hear him; but
upon this resolution I do not think that his re-
marks are in order. The gentleman from North
Carolina was ruled out of order yesterday. I call
for the enforcement of the rules. I call the atten-
tion of the-Chair to the 31st rule.
Mr. STUART. Is this question of order a de-
, batable one ?
! The SPEAKER. It is not. The Chair is of
the opinion that the gentleman from Mississippi
cannot under the rales discuss political contests
which the people in Mississippi have had,nor the
merits of the late compromise measures, with re-
gard to the Territories, and slavery as connected
with them. The Chair is bound to say that the
gentleman is out of order.
Mr. CARTTER. I move that the gentleman
be permitted to proceed in order.
The question was then taken audit -was agreed to.
Mr. PICKLIN. With the permission of my
friend from Mississippi, I will suggest to him, as
he has the floor, to make a motion to refer this
subject to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union. It is evident that he cannot
debate it here.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. He cannot
debate it in Committee of the Whole, any more
than he can here. The same rules govern the
committee.
[Cries of " Go on !" "Goon!"}
Mr. NABERS resumed. I dislike very much
to occupy the time of the House, and really I
have no very great anxiety to address it. I dis-
cover that gentlemen thoroughly misconceive the
object I have in view. My object is to put an ex-
tinguisher upon all these fires of contention before
I am through. My object is not to assail any
one. I believe I will heed the suggestions of my
friends around me. I have no feeling about it for
myself. Representing, as I do, a most glorious
constituency, 1 should love to make a speech,
under the circumstances, if I were at liberty to do
so. But being a new member, unacquainted with
the rules of the House, and subject to constant
interruption, it is impossible for me to proceed,
and 1 therefore yield to the suggestions of my
friends.
Mr. HOUSTON moved that the joint resolu-
tion be referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union; and on that motion he
demanded the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, on a di-
vision—ayes 95, noes 45—and the main question
was then ordered to be put.
Mr. GORMAN. I would inquire of the Chair
whether this motion precludes me from making an
argument ?
The SPEAKER. At this time.
Mr. GORMAN. I mean now.
The SPEAKER. The motion would preclude
the gentleman from making a speech at this time.
| Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would suggest
i to the Chair that, by the rules and practice of
i the House, the gentleman from Indiana, as chair-
man of the committee that reported this proposi-
tion, is entitled to an hour speech at this tune.
1 The SPEAKER. The Chair doubts whether
I that rule applies to a motion of reference. There
j can be no doubt that the gentleman from Indiana
would be entitled to be heard in case the motion
to commit did not prevail; but the Chair is of
opinion that he cannot be heard upon the motion
to commit, all debate having been cut off by the
previous question.
Mr. JONES. I suppose, then, that if the mo-
tion to commit is negatived, he will be entitled to
be heard before the question is taken on the reso-
lution.
I The SPEAKER. Certainly.
[ Mr. GORMAN demanded the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
; And the question being taken, it was'decided in
the affirmative—yeas 148, nays 45; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Aiken, Willis Allen, Al-
lison, Jolm Appleton, William Appleton, Ashe, Babcock
Barrere, Bartlett, Bell, Btbighaus. Boeoek, Borne, Bra«ff!
Bngg , Brooks, AlbeitG. Brown,GeorgeH. Brown, Buoll,
• Buriows, E. Carringlon Cabell, Caldwell, Lewis D. Cainp-
• bell, Thompson Campbell, Cartter, Caskie, Chandler
Chastam, Churchweli, Clark, Clmeman,Colcock. Conger
Cottman, CuIIom, Curtis, Daniel, George T. Davis Dun-
miek, Docketv, Doty, Duncan, Durkee, Ea«tman, Ed^er-
i ton, Evans, Fickhn, Fitch, Florence, Fowler, Henry*M
Fuller, Gamble, Gentry, Giddings, Gilmore, GoodeioV
, Goodrich, Giey, Grow, Isham G. Harris, Sampson W*
, Harris, Hart. Haws, Hascall, Haven, Hebaid, Hibbatd'
i Hillyer, Holladay. Horsford, Houston, John W. Howe'
Thomas Y. How, Hunter, Ives, Jackson, Jenkins, Andrew
Johnson, James Johnson, Jolm Johnson', Robert W. John-
