2178
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 11,
not supported by the chase; but they live upon
the productions of their own strength, and of their
own hands. Have they been changed ? They
are too intelligent, and the white people of Cali-
fornia are too wise and kind and beneficent, to
induce them to make a change before the treaties
were ratified.
Then, if a change has taken place, there is no
evidence of it here. Here permit me to say to my !
friend from California, that if I could save the I
lives of any portion of his fellow-citizens by this
appropriation, from the Indian tomahawk, or the
scalping-knife, I would vote $100,000 without a
moment's hesitation. But I have no impres-
sion upon my mind that this appropriation is in-
tended to relieve us from any such impending or
anticipated difficulty. I say with the honorable
Senator from Wisconsin, that if you hold out to
these people the inducement that you are going to
interpose the power of this Government to save
them from what you call starvation by feeding
them, your liberality must be very expensive, and
it will induce the Indians to become indolent. It
seems to be with them as with their white neigh-
bors—grant ninety-nine favors, and refuse them the
hundredth, and it will create bad feeling. Just
so with the wild Indians. If you feed them for
one week, and fail to feed them at the beginning
of the next week, you will incur their malice and
vengeance.
The propercour.se to pursue is this: Let us ask
ourselves, has the Government of the United States,
by any act of her own, or even through her In-
dian commissioners, involved herself in such a
position as to call upon us to interfere in this af-
fair' No, sir. Then, what are we bound to do
under the treaties ? My friend from California
says appropriate §100,000 first to supply food.
Why the $100,000 could not get there before the
two years mentioned in the treaty would expire,
and the Indians must subsist themselves till that
time.
When last up, my friend made a suggestion
which would have had a controlling influence with
me, if it came here in a proper way; and that is,
that it has been a practice of this Government to
furnish Indians with presents; to show them acta
of kindness, acts of liberality; to give them this, 1
that, or the other thing—blankets, guns, and all
facilities necessary to their comfort, and to procure
subsistence for them. That is all right. But is
that the ground upon which these $100,000 are
asked? This subject belongs to the Indian De-
partment and to the President; and whenever an
appropriation is made to make presents, it is ,
coupled with power to treat, and the instructions
to treat are executed through commissioners. If
this would gain the kindness and friendship of the .
Indians, I would make the appropriation in a mo-
ment. But let it come up as an appropriation for 1
the specific purpose, and let it not be covered up .
in this way, upon the idea that it is to prevent an
Indian war, and protect California from Indian dep- !
redations. 1
1 trust my friend from California, notwithstand- j
ing his deep conviction of my want of liberality \
towards California, will not for a moment indulge 1
the idea that any act here, which I could do, to
prevent depredations there, would not he done. ;
Surely, I would do it; and his suggestion to the
contrary creates no excitement m my heart. But :
it leads me to appreciate the value of that old rule,
that no man should be permitted to be a judge in !
his own case. For human nature is human na- ,
ture, and it is rare to divest ourselves of the influ- j
ence of circumstances around us. i
For what are these $100,000 to be appropriated ?
To feed the Indians? Are they starving? We.
have no evidence of it here; and if they are starv-
ing, an important question arises as to the power
of this Government, and the disposition of this
the way of him who gains a livelihood either by
hunting, or fishing, or shooting, or laboring in the
fields. The miner wants the productions of the
hunter, the fishing-rod, and the agriculturist, and
he would not interfere with the Indian.
I have looked at this matter in every light in
which it seems to me that it can be presented, and
I cannot see why we should for one moment un-
dertake the adoption of this dangerous precedent.
Such was my diffidence when I made the original
objection to this proposition, that I did not mean
to go into an argument. I merely threw out the
suggestion, that if we were to adopt a plan to
support the Indians, and let it be known to the
various tribes throughout the country, indolence
would be the consequence; and we would see
tribes from one section of this country to the other,
telling the Congress of the United States that they
were perishing, when they might have lands, hunt-
ing-grounds, and everything. And why ? Be-
cause it is the nature of the more intelligent races
of men, and suiely of the most ignorant, to depend
upon the labor of others, or to depend upon the
spontaneous productions of the earth, whenever
they can get a living in one way or the other. And
my word for it, as long as these resources last,
they will never labor. Our object should be to
place these people in a condition by which they
may learn the benefits of progress—by which they
may be induced to cultivate the soil, and learn the
advantages to be derived from domestic life. We
must puisuethat course; but this is the very back-
ward track of that progress when we undertake
to feed the Indians, and to tell them, and to pro-
claim throughout the country, " Come into our
farms—come into our granary—we will supply
you with everything necessary, and you may live
without work."
Mr. STOCKTON. Mr. President, T approved
of the proposition first made by the Senator from
California [Mr. Weller] to amend the amend-
ment now before the Senate, and I regret that he
has seen fit to accceptany modification of it what-
ever. It did appear to me, that the principles on
which he founded his application, were based on
such grounds as we may well suppose would gov-
ern the understanding and the heart of a distin-
guished American Senator or an American states-
man.
Sir, I have not been much surprised at the course
which the debate on this proposition has taken.
| Having heard the debates which have been going
i on in regard to these Indian appropriations, from
! the first, I was prepared for opposition to any
! donation to them. But I have been astonished,
j by the enunciation of some of the principles on
i which the judgment of Senators, relative to the
i course best to be pursued as to the Indians, has
S been predicated. It has been stated here that this
! Government is under no obligations, no responsi-
bility, to the Indians; that my friend—the friend
of the California Indians—seeks to obtain from
this Government a donation for them, which the
Government is under no soitof obligation to give.
Ay, sir, the little which, by the great exertions of
their friends, has been extorted from you, has been
only yielded with growls and threats that you were
. under no obligations to grant it. I dissent from all
j the reasonings founded upon the proposition as
! amended by the Senator from Virginia. Sir, I go for
i that proposition whichacknowledges in their length
! and breadth our obligations as American citizens
: to repair, as far as we may. the wrongs of an m-
l jured people. You have obligations which it is
j not quite so e*sy to get rid of, either in your
I national or in your individual character, as Sena-
I tors or as Christians. Sir, let me tell you that you
j have responsibilities with regard to the Indians
i that it would be well for you if ail the money
! in your Treasury could satisfy. Ay
sir, we
might well thank God if money could enable us
Government, to interfere to save starving people to appease the Great Spirit of retributive justice,
who will not labor forthemseUes. If the Indians The punciple contained in the amendment, which
cannot live in California, with 200,000 square ^ negatively pledges us to do no more,is one which
miles, and a population of less than 300,000 souls, ij I repudiate from the bottom of my soul. Do gen-
all told, where in the name of Heaven can they l| tlemen ask if we design by this amendment to es-
hve.' t j j tabhsh a principle that shall govern this country
It is said, however, that the white man if? taking !l in all time to come* I answer, and say Yes! I
possession of the Indian hunting and trading I j go further, and say, that so long as there is a
ground. Why, that cannot be so to any great ex-
tent, as my friend from California must discover,
if he reflects upon the subject, because the white
man is found toiling in the mines, frequently
beneath the surface of the earth, and is never in
I dollar in your Treasury, half of it, if necessary,
| should go to relieve the distress of the aborigines
• of the country.
I Mr. President, while I stand here in this Capi-
i tol and remember that it has been erected upon
the soil, the blood, and the bones of the Indians5
and on the ashes of their wigwams, am I to be
told, here in this Senate, that the laws of the
land—of this Christian land—will not permit me
to vote money from the public Treasury to ease
their distress and relieve the misery of that un-
fortunate race? Sir, under no obligations to take
care of the California Indians! What do Sen-
ators mean? You are under most indissoluble
bonds to take care of them. Justice—justice—
inexorablejustice demands it. It is not for me to
express in words your obligations. They may
be seen in bloody tracks over the mountains and
across the plains—they are engraved on every
Christian heart. Sir, it may do well, in the general
course of legislation, for those who have a cle&n
bill of health, to make such prescriptions for the
body politic as may be found in the strict construc-
tion of the Constitution. But, sir, when we come
here, m this temple of Liberty, our hands reeking
with the blood of the savage, does it become us
to prate about law, constitutional or divine in de-
fense of violent aggression? No, no; we have
nothing to do but to relieve, fully and substan-
tially relieve, the misfortunes we have been the
means (innocent, if you please) of creating, and
feel consoled if in that way we can alleviate the
distresses we have inflicted.
But, sir, with regard to the proposition now
immediately before the Senate, I will say that, if
I understand the object of the Senator from Cali-
fornia, it is to place at the disposal of the President
of the United States the sum of $100,000 for the
purpose of preventing starvation among a certain
portion of the Indians in that State. Now, sir,
considering the responsibility of that gentleman
as a Senator from California, and that this money
is to be disbursed by the President, I am ready to
give my vote for the appropriation of &100,000 
or any other reasonable sum, for such a purpose,
j But we are told that this donation of $100,000 to-
i day, will establish a precedent which will bind
this Government ever after to do the same thing.
That is just exactly the tiling I desire to do—the
principle which I desire to establish. It is exactly
the principle which I think we should proclaim to
the world. Sir, wherever we can, with money,
save the life of an Indian, or add to his well-being,
we ought to do it. But, after all, the difficulty
is not, as it seems to me, so much in any dif-
ference of opinion as to what is due the Indians,
as how it is to be paid. The real difficulty has
not yet been pointed out in regard to the Indians.
The fault is not with the'Indians, but in the In-
dian agents; and, sir, if money has been improp-
erly expended, it is the fault of the Government
officers or agents, and they should be held ac-
countable, and not let the Indians sutler in conse-
quence of their delinquencies. Will you, then,
make the Indian suffer because your Government
do not employ agents who are sufficiently just,
wise, and honest, properly to expend the money
which is appropriated? Certainly not; you can-
not do that. You will not commit so great a
wiong !
Mr. President, the simple question is, whether,
under all the circumstances of this case, the In-
dians are entitled to our protection; and whether,
if you cannot make him work, or keep the peace
without, you are bound to protect and feed him ?
Sir, having taken his lands from him, how can
you complain if he will not work and feed him-
self? Having taken all that you saw fit to take,
you ease your conscience for taking what he did
not want to give, by offering him some thousands
of acres of land which he does not wish to receive.
Sir, no one can appreciate the sufferings and sacri-
fices of the Indians, but those who, like myself
and the Senators from California, have wit-
nessed them in joy and in sorrow; who, hke us,
have seen them in their prosperity, in their free-
dom, and in the free enjoyment of all their posses-
sions, given to them by God; have seen them in
the haughty independence of their nature—and
in their servile attitude of petitioners, bowing the
knee to their white, despotic, and cruel masters.
Sir, if chance, or accident, or any other thing,
had taken you across the Rocky Mountains some
few years since, you would have passed through
tribes of men—Indians you may call them—abo-
rigines they are of this country; proud, hospi-
table, high-minded, noble, gallant men; men as
free as I was—ay, sir, freer. The Snakes and
Sioux were as free as the air they breathed, and
