-laje
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 10,
Tennessee, [Mr. Johnson.] The gentleman can
offer an amendment to the substitute.
Mr. SEYMOUR,of Connecticut. Butisitnotm
order'to perfect the first section before the'question
is taken upon the substitute ?
The .CHAIRMAN". Not in the opinion of the
Chair, after the committee have proceeded to the
consideration of the substitu te. The Chair thinks
the amendment eomes too late.
Mr. "JONES, of Tennessee. Does .the Chair
decide that the committee have gone as far, in of-
fering amendments to the original section, a's it
caneo? ' ,
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair so thinks.
Mr: JONES. If the Chair will look to the rule,
he.will seethat, so lone; as amendments continue
to-be offered, to the first section, the- committee
must continue to consider and vote upon them.
Then, when there are no more amendments to he
offered to that section, it is in order to proceed to
the consideration of the substitute.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will examine
the'rule'further .upon that subject.
Mr. JONES. If the Chair will allow me, I was
proceeding to say, if, however, after tlie commit-
tee have proceeded to theconsideration of the sub-
stitute, any gentleman wishes to propose an
amendment to the original proposition, according
to the rule, I think he.has clearly a right to do so.
That has, at least, been the uniform practice of
the House. , '
The CHAIRMAN. To what rule does the
gentleman refer ?
RTr. JONES. I think it is the 136th mie. I
refer to the clause which provides:
"That the House may discharge the Committee ot the
Whole House on the stale of the Union from tlie thither
consideration of anv bill refeircd to it, after aetm:;. without
debate, upon all amendments pending .mil that nun
offered."
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of the opin-
ion that, as an amendment to the original section,
it comes too late. All amendments to the original
section were in order, when that Section was under
consideration. But the Chair announced, that if
no further amendments were to he offered to the
original section, the substitute of the gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Johnson] would be in order.
None, we're offered, and the committee then pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the substitute. If
the gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. More-
head] had offered his amendment before the sub-
stitute had been talcen up by the committee, it
would have been in order. But the Chair thinks
not after; otherwise there would be no end to this
proceeding.
The reading of the substitute was called for
and it was read,us follows: '
That any perwn who is the head of a family Jut] a native-
bom citizen of tlie Umtfd States, or any poiion who is the
head of a family and had become a citi-'.en pimr i,> ti„. m-t
day ol January, 1H.VJ, as requned by the naturalization law*,
of the United States, shall, Horn and alter the ju^in.-c ot
this act, he entitled lo enter, lice ol ou^t, one (iiiaitei -
tion of vacant and iinappiopnatoil public lands oi a i uan
tity equal thereto, to be located in a- body m ci>nf„i!iiin V lib
tile legal subdivisions of the piiWn: lands, and atttr I ie
same shall have been surveyed.
Mr. MOREHJEAD. 1, then, will submit my
amendment, as an amendment to the substitute. !
I move to amend, bv inserting the word "whit0" '
after the word "or" m the second line, so that !
the clause wonid read, "or any ichile person who i
is the head of a family."
Mr. Chairman, it will reedn'y be perceived that
this is an amendment proposed for the sake of I
form. The object I have in view in offering it, is i
simply to make a statement to the House, in order
tt j my, subf 1uent conduct may be explained. I
Unaer the rules now enforced, it will be impossi-
, for me, or any gentleman, to express views at
length upon this subject. It would be wholly im-
possible. I design, however, some time durin"
the present session, when an opportunity mav be
presented through some of the bills proposin/do-
nations ot public lands to railroads, to deliver mv
views at length upon the subject. 1 take this oc-
casion to say a few words upon this bill simply 1
tor the reason, that when hereafter some of these i!
measures proposing donations of the public lands i
tor particular purposes shall come up, my opposi- ;
tion to this giving away the public domain shell ,
not be attributed to any hostility to any particular '
measure, or to that particular measure, hut to the '
general principle which all these donations involve •
l-shall assume the position of my honorable friemi
who is before me, [Mr. Beale.J 1 shall assume
that position so far as the old Sfates are concerned,
and I shall assume that all the territory which we
have acquired by treaty or otherwise, shall be
treated in the same manner. Tiiis is my only ob-
ject in proposing my amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, 1 do not intend
to consume the time of the committee in the dis-
cussion of this subject. If our present land sys-
tem were tinder consideration in the committee,
the, gentleman's amendment would be a very
proper one. Our land system, as it now stands,
permits any person who" has $200, to go and be-
come the possessor of a quarter section of land,
even if he be a free negro.
Mr. MO RE HE AD. I will relieve the gentle-
man. If it meet with the approbation of the com-
mittee, I wili withdraw my amendment.
There was no objection, and tlie amendment
was accordingly withdrawn.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I think the
first section is now as perfect as we can make it.
I will, therefore, with the consent of the commit-
tee, withdraw my substitute, and allow the com-
mittee to'pass to the second section.
Mr. CONGER. "Will it be in order now to offer
an amendment to the first section ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks it will
be in order.
- Mr. CONGER. I then offer the following
amendment:
And also tliutV. ery pco-on who has heietofoie puicliased
any land from the United States and paid for the tame,
shall be entitled to receive back the amount of money so
paid, out of any money in the Tisasury of the-United Suites,
not otherwise appiopi lated.
Ami al-o that any holder of any military bounty land war-
rant, which entitles such lioldet to enter any public lands,
shall, upon suiiendering up such w'avant to be canceled,
be entitled to leceivefrom the Treasury ol the United States
so much money as tile number ot acres ol land specified in
such an ant may amount to, at the rate ot ,-p'l S3 per acre.
Mr. HALL. I rise to a point of order. I sttb-
:j nnt that the amendment is not germane to the
subject of the bill, and therefore not m order.
Mr. CONGER. ( think it is sufficiently ger-
mane to the first section of the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chains of the opin-
ion that the amendment is not germane to the sub-
ject of the bill; certainly apart of it is not. He
therefore rules it out of order.
Mr. CONGER. 1 ask for the reading of the
first section of the bill and the amendment in con-
nection with it. I think the Chair and the House
will then see that it is germane to the subject of
the bill.
[Cries of " Object,!"]
Mr. CONGER. Then I appeal from the de-
cision of the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
the amendment of the gentleman from Michigan
] [Mr. Conukk] is not m order, upon the ground
j that it is not germane to the bill. From this de-
j cision, the gentleman from Michigan appeals.
I The question, theiefore, is now, "Shall the decis-
ion of the Chair stand as the judgment of the com-
I mittcer"
Mr. KING, of New York. I would like to
hear the first section of the bill, with the amend-
ment, read.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois. "I object.
Mr. KING. I move that they be read.
The question was put, and the motion was
agreed to—ayes 90, noes not counted.
The first section as proposed to be amended
with Mr. Conger's amendment was then read bv
the Clerk.
The question was then taken upon sustaining
the decision of the Chair, and carried in the af-
firmative—ayes fi2, noes 49.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained..
Mr. SACKETT. I move to amend the first
section by striking out all after the enacting clause
down to the word "shall" in the ninth line, beino-
the following words, v-.z: " That every man or
widow who is the head of a family, and a citizen
of the United States"—and to insert the following
viz: ®'
That every person being the head of a family, or widow
orsmjle man over the age of twenty-one years, and a citi
zen of the CJnited States, or bavins; filed liis declaration o>'
mtentioii to become it cuzmi, as regmivU l v law.
_ I cannot see the propriety of making-a distinc-
tion, m the persons who shall be the instruments
ot accomplishing the great benefits to be derived
from the operation of this bill in the settlement of
the public lands.
Mr. HALL. I will state that the amendment
offered by the gentleman from New York is in
accordance with the provisions of all our existing
preemption laws, and with all we have ever had
since preemption laws were first adopted by tlie
Government.
Mr. SACKETT. I supposed the gentleman
[Mr. Hall] would be in favor of the amendment,
and I wish he .would take it off my hands, and
address the committee upon it. My voice is so
weak that it camfot be heard. It is plain, perhaps,
that the object of this bill, which I am in favor of,
is to secure the public lands to actual settlers—to
those who will go upon, occupy, and cultivate
them for five years. If that beso, I ask the friends
of the bill, where is the propriety, where the con-
sistency, of limiting the benefits of the bill to the
heads of families? Now, it is a well-known fact
that a large majority of those who settle in the
Western country are young men, who go there
for the purpose of beginning their career upon the
public lands. It is for the benefit of the Western
country to continue that system, and it would be
greatly detrimental to it to confine the settlement
to the heads,of families exclusively, as it is con-
fined by this bill as it now stands. I think there
can be no substantial reason assigned for continu-
ing the provision as it now is. The limitation
looks to a system of gratuity, and to a system of
giving away the public lands to a certain class,
for the purpose of benefiting a certain'class. It is
plain that such provision cannot be justified by
.any sound principle of legislation. The principle
upon which this bill is based is the benefit which
will result to the country from the settlement of
these lands. If this be so, the young man who
goes to the Western country, selects his land, and
remains upon it for five years, and cultivates it, is
as capable for the accomplishment of the designs
und intentions of this bill, and for the carrying
out the principles upon which it is based, as any
other man. 1 certainly think that the friends of
this bill ought to aceede to the justice of this
amendment, and agree to the propriety of its
adoption. I am decidedly in favor of the'bill, and
shall vote for it in either case, whether this amend-
ment is adopted or not.
Mr. McMULLIN. I desire to know of the gen-
tleman, if this amendment is adopted, if he means
to vote for the bill as amended
Mr. SACKETT. I have already stated that I
shall vote for the bill, whether the amendment be
adopted or not; but I think the amendment ought
to be adopted. Now, I can see no principle what-
ever to justify this sort of class legislation, which
gives to " A" and refuses to " B." I hope, Mr.
Chairman, the amendment will be adopted; anil
for the purpose of testing the sense of the House,
upon it, I will at the proper .time call for tellers
upon it, to see who are in favor of it.
Mr. GAYLOR.D. ( move to amend tlie last
amendment by inserting "and women over twen-
ty-one years of age."
Mr. CA?\IPBELL, of Illinois. They will never
settle there.
?vlr. GAYLOR.D. They have as much right
there as bachelois.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I hope the
House will vote down the amendment. It makes
the range of discussion too wide.
Mr. GAYLORD. If the amendment endan-
gers the passage of the biH, I withdraw it, if there
be no objection.
No objection was made, and tlie amendment
was withdrawn.
Mr. STANTON j of Oh;o. hi reference to the
amendment of the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. SalCkktt,] I see that one great difficulty in
its application would be to decide what would con-
stitute a settlement and occupancy, in cases where
there is no family which can fix a residence upon
the public lands.
Mr. SACKETT, If the gentleman will allow
me, I wili ask him whether the bill, in its provis-
ions, does not provide for tlie evidence to he pre-
sented to the proper authorities of the Government
us to what constitutes a settlement; and does not
the LiN itself determine what shall be sufficient
evidenceof settlement5 And would not that same
evidence apply as well in one case as in another?
The law requires evidence of five years' actual
