404
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 27,
i
contract. With this state of things before us, it
becomes our duty to adopt some other system, by
which the business of this House and of the
country may be promoted- It becomes us to
order, in some manner, the public printing neces-
sary to accomplish our purposes, to be done as
speedily as possible. The question, then, arises,
Shall we delay this matter from day to day, as we
have done since the commencement of this session ?
Shall we allow theinterests of the country to suffer
for the want of expeditious printing? I think
not. I think it is our duty, and the public interests
demand it, that we should act upon the present
occasion upon this subject, in a manner that shall
expedite the business before the House. It is not
only necessary that we should have the printing
done in time, but it is necessary that we should
have it done in a proper manner. Heretofore the
printing for this body has been performed in a
manner that is not creditable to us. It has been
printed upon bad paper, and badly printed upon
the paper used,
Mr. FLORENCE. I desire that the gentleman
from New Jersey [Mr. Skklton] will specify
what printer it is who has performed his work
thus badly. 1 desire to know whether lie refers
to the present contractor or the contractors for a
former Congress ?
Mr. SKELTON. I will state to the gentleman
that, so far as my observation has extended, the
public printing not only for previous Congresses,
but for this House since the commencement of
the present session, has been done very badly,
and upon very bad paper. Will that satisfy the
gentleman from Pennsylvania? I do not know
who has done this printing, but, by whomsoever
it has been done, I do know that it has not been
done according to the contract.
Mr. FLORENCE. It satisfies me so far m
the gentleman's declaration is concerned, but no
further. 1 have my own opinion as to the con-
clusion winch he arrives at, as to whether the
public priming for the present Congress has been
well executed or not. I have some of it before
me, and as far as my experience goes, and accord-
ing to my own judgment, I have no hesitation in
saying, that it is the best public pointing 1 ever
saw, and qui e as good as any 1 ever saw either
by contract or by the publisher of any newspaper
in the country.
Mr. SKELTON. I will say, for the informa-
tion of this House and the country, that the gen-
tleman who has the contract for the public printing
is a stranger to me, and I have, therefore, no per-
sonal feelings in the matter whatever. I do not
even know the politics of the gentleman, and
therefore I have no political feoluurs to gratify in
this matter. My only object is to have the print-
ing of fins Mouse and of Congress done in lime,
and properly done. That is my only moUve. 3
leave the ijunlityof the paper heretofore used, and
the punting heretofore done, for the consideration
of the members of this House. I have <:ivon my
opinion, and the ^entlemmi from Pennsylvania has
gi\en his, and it is for the House to decide be-
tween u,-i. I presume a majority of the gentlemen
in this 1 louse will admit that the printing has not
been done according to the contract entered into
by the public printer. I believe that tins contract
system has faded; and that having faded, it be-
comes indispensably necessary that we should
adopt some other method by which v\e can have
this work do,ie expeditiously. We have now a
resolution before the Ilou^e which looks to the
accomplishment of this object. J do not believe
it ih nuce.ssdiy to refer this ievolution to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
I shall insist, when the work of this I [ousc is to
he done, that it shall be done in a proper manner;
and while I insist upon the most ligid economy in
giving out the public printing, I wiil say—and I
believe the members of this House are w illiiig to take
the same ground—that I am in favor of giving a
fair compensation for such labor,so that men shall
not, after the work has been done, come befoie us
and say they have not been paid for their work,
mid have lost by their jobs. 1 say this is all
wrong. We should give them a fair compensa-
tion, and insist upon the work being done in a
proper manner and at a proper tune. If the
printing of this House costs us a little more in
money, under the arrangement proposed to be en-
tered into by the committee who have the special
charge of this matter, we shall gain in other
respects more than we lose in dollars and cents in
this. For while I am an advocate of economy m
the matter of dollars and cents, I am an equal ad-
vocate of economy in other matters, and I call the
attention of the House to the subject. I would
not save money in the action of this House at the
expense of intelligence. Every farthing we spend
for the promotion of intelligence through our wide-
spread and prosperous country, will return to us a
hundred-fold, though it may appear to cost us a
large sum in dollars and cents. The census re-
turns should be printed as speedily as possible,
and given forth to the country, to stimulate the in-
telligence, the industry, and enterprise of our cit-
izens, and it will return to the coders of the nation
j a hundred-fold. I will not occupy the time of this j
I House m a lengthy and elaborate discussion of j
j this subject, for 1 am aware that these topics were |
! discussed when this subject was before under con- I
1 sideration. I wish merely to give my views, and j
| my reasons for changing my vote upon this ques-
j tion. I desire the question shall be speedily settled,
; and so settled that the printing of the House may
I be done in the most expeditious and correct man-
ner, and at the same time we shall be able to give
to the people of this country that information
which the circumstances of the present time seem
to demand. I hope, sir, that this resolution will I
be reconsidered, and that this question will be re-
tamed in this House and speedily acted upon; and
for the purpose of bringing this question lo an is-
sue, I move the previous question.
Mr. GORMAN. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw his call for the previous question for a
short time. ,
Mr. SKELTON. As the chairman of the Com-'
mittee on Printing desires it, X will withdraw the J
call, upon condition that he renews it. |
Mr. ORR. I desire to know whether the pre-;
vious question can be demanded upon a motion to j
reconsider' I
The SPEAKER. There is no question of that. !
The gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Gorman] is ;
! entitled to the floor. j
| Mr. GORMAN. The confusion upon this sub-1
I ject has created some little excitement, and if I ;
! could be heard I am well satisfied that 1 can sat- !
! isfy this House—I care not to what party gentle- i
I men belong—that this question need not, and ought'
' not, for the public good, to be referred to the Com- 1
I mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union. |
; Gentlemen upon both sides of the House are call-1
i ing upon the Committee on Printing—I am be-1
i sieged upon the right hand and left—to have the pub- ,
lie printing done, and have it laid before the coun-'
1 try. You ask me, my friends ask me, what are !
you doin.«; upon this subject? The point first be-1
lore the House—and I stated it briefly when I got
up—is, Does this printing come within the contract!
of the public printer? By reference to the law, it I
will be seen that tins species of printing was ex-1
press!y reserved from the contract. Every gen- j
tinnun upon that committee—the distinguished .
Senator fioni Connecticut, [Mr. Smith,] and the i
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Havens,] being |
members of that committee upon that side of the •
House—every gentleman was clearly of the opm-1
ion that there was no legal doubt upon the ques- '
tion at all. Then that being settled, what next? i
i Here is a job—if you may so call it—of census |
j printing. It has to be done, and by somebody. !
|! in the first place, the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. i
Vinton) introduced this census law in the last ;
j' Compress, and he put into that census law, at the ;
j1 request of the authorities of Government—I am j
authorized to say so—and at the request of some j
j, of the members of the Administration, that this j
j preparatory part of the census printing should be 1
| left under the control of the Superintendent of the I
j Census Board and the Secretary of the Interior. !
!! That law so stipulated that it should be so left j
there. They have had all the preparatory print- !
ing done as fast as they could. Then there was j
another part of the printing which Congress '
said should be reserved, to be done according as :
you might direct hereafter. What printing is ;
that? It is the compendium, making—if you j
| publish this historical account—about two vol- '
: umes of the size of the Congressional Globe. And j
1 it was shown to my friend from Maryland, [Mr. !
; Faavs,] who made a speech yesterday, not an !
! hour ago, by the Sunrmtendent of the Census, '
| that the size of this historical part, if published, i
i would only make a volume of the size of the Con- [
gressional Globe; and if you leave off this histori-
cal part, it will make about thirty per cent, less#
Am I right?
Mr. EVANS. If the honorable gentleman will
allow me, the Superintendent of the Census has
shown me the book. The gentleman is perfectly
correct. He says it will make two volumes about
the size of the American Archives. If the Com-
pendium of Maryland will make one hundred
pages, I argue from it that the whole will make
about four volumes, and not thirty volumes, as
stated vesterday.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. If the-gentle-
man will allow me, I have a letter from Mr. Ken-
nedy, the Superintendent of the Census, and will
send it to the Speaker's table to be read.
Mr. GORMAN. Certainly.
Mr. EVANS. I will further state, that the
Superintendent of the Census told me that the spe-
cimen-work for Maryland will be laid on every
member's table cm Saturday next; and from that
every one can judge for himself, if Maryland
makes one hundred pages how much the whole
Union will make.
The communication from Mr. Kennedy was
then read, as follows:
Census Bttrf.au, January 27, 1852.
Sir : The census returns, as I propose to arrange tiiem,
will make two volumes (not quite so much) oftlie size of
the American Archives. The nceond volume of the fourth
series is a fair sample of the size. If my comments are
omitted, it will reduce the size thirty per cent.
IiehpectfUlly, your obedient servant,
J. C.C. KEWWRDY,
Superintendtnt Census Bureau.
Hon. R. H. Stanton.
Mr. GORMAN, (resuming.) That letter from
Mr. Kennedy says, that if the printing proceeds
as suggested by the Secretary of the Interior, and
by the Superintendent of the Census, it will make
two volumes something less than the size of the
American Archives—that is about the size of the
Congressional Glebe substantially.
Now, the next thing is, will this House order
the printing of the historical part? I will consent
—and my colleagues upon the committee will con-
sent, I understand—that you strike off this histor-
ical part. Then it will make two volumes—thirty
per cent, less than the two volumes' I have de-
scribed. It is m such a state of forwardness at
this time, that it can be left off without interrupt-
ing the printing at all. Do you desire to leave off"
the historical part ?
A Voice. No ! no!
Mr. G. If you do, I will propose an amend-
ment, or will accept one, that it shall be left off,
and let the printing proceed, as is the earnest de-
sire of the Secretary of the Interior, the Superin-
tendent of the Census, and of you all. Strike it
out, then.
A Voice. Oh no ! let us have it all.
Mr. G. Now, whether it is struck out or not,
why delay ? The next thing, Mr. Speaker, is,,
why is this resolution introduced with the name
of Donelson & Armstrong? Will my friends
hear me? and I will tell you the reason- Here is
a job, reserved from the public printer's- contract
by the letter of the law, to be done by your or-
der. Who will you give it to? You have organ-
ized a committee in this House, and the coordi-
nate branch of the legislative department of the
Government has organized another committee.
The Democratic party of the country are in the
ascendency here. You have organized those com-
mittees with Democratic majorities. You direct
them, by a resolution, that they shall have this
census printing done. You direct it. And I am
inquired of, occasionally, by a timid friend, Why
do you introduce this resolution here? Because-
you told nif to. You demanded action. I have
given you action. I submitted it to a committee
composed of a majority of Democrats. Gales &,
Seaton, Gideon & Co., Rives, Hamilton, and
Donelson &. Armstrong, are printers in this city.
When we come forward to act, the resolution says
we shall have this printing done. I make a con-
tract with Donelson & Armstrong upon such
terms as may be considered proper and reasona-
ble. I then put the question, Are you willing to
trust the joint committee of the Senate and House
to make a contract that will be fair and honor-
able? We are told that there will be fraud.
Why, gentlemen must remember, that when
they say that, they impugn the character and
integrity of that committee. Sir, I should feel
