2180
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 11,
to which the Senator has referred, I would remark
that they are coming here, and we cannot prevent
them. "Let me ask the Senator from South Caro-
lina if he would prevent them if he could ? Would
he step back io the alien and sedition laws, ar ^
prevent these people from coming here? No; I
think not. For what do they come here? For
self-subsistence, and to contribute their mite to
the support of the Government, and not for the
purpose of doing harm, or for any other purpose,
m consequence of which they may merit the
stigma of being " foreigners." I am willing that
they should come here; and when they do come,
and have become American citizens, 1 am willing
to do by them as I would by any other American
citizens. As to the general policy of the home-
stead law, 1 am for giving the public lands to the
people, so that they may become men of sub-
stance, and may improve the country, and thus
contribute, in a much more effectual way, to the
support of the Government than can be clone by
holding the rmHic lands at $1 per acre.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 fear we are wandering from
the discussion of the subject which is before the
Senate. I am anxious to get through with this
bill to-day. To-morrow is set apart for another
topic. If we can get through with this bill to-day,
those who have private bills to urge can have an
opportunity to do so on Friday, i hope we may
finish this itill to-day.
Mr. WELLER. I am very anxious to have
the action of the Senate upon the proposition
which I have submitted. Under other circum-
stances, as a matter of course, I should feel under
some obligation, and probably would take great
pleasure in responding to the terrible lecture which
the Senatorfrom Georgia [Mr. Dawson*] has given
me. I had no idea, when I charged that Senator
with a want of liberality towards California, that
I should have provoked such a tonent of sarcasm
and declamation as he has poured out upon my
head and in the prcscnceof the Senate. 1 did not
hear distinctly his opening remarks—which were
doubtless intended to be sarcastic,—but 1 think he
spoke of my modesty in connection with the propo-
sition before us. I do not think that either that
Senator or myself should boast about possessing
a great deal of modesty. Neither of us has made
much reputation in that way, and perhaps never
will. The charge has sometimes been made against
me; but I never lieuid the slightest imputation of
that sort made against him. I don't tlnnk it ever
will be. |Laughter.]
If the Senate weie not already fully aware of
the fact, I would undertake to show that the Sen-
ator from Georgia has been speaking about mat-
ters of which he is entirely ignorant. And here I
may remark, tl.at other things being equal, a man
generally speaks better upon a subject about which
he knows something ! I could demonstrate, if it
were necessary, to the Senate, that whenever that
Senator undertakes to speak about the Indians in
California, their wants, or locations, or the habits
and customs of the (iPurbJo Indians," he is most
grossly ignorant of that with v. Inch 1 supposed
every man in the country whs familiar, lie de-
mand*, in a stentorian voice, <i voice exhibiting
extraordinary lungs, whei e is the evidence that the
Indians have been brought down from the moun-
tains and ha\e been collected in the valleys3 [
answer, that the evidence is to lie found in the
eighteen treaties rejected by the Senate; it is to
be found in th'> correspondence of the Indian com-
missioners which accompanied these treaties. It
is to he found m the public documents which have
been laid before us. They inform you that it was
their policy to bring the Indians down from the
mountains to the valleys, wheie they would be
surrounded by white inhabitants, and where they
could not, if they committed depredations, escape
to the mountains.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator must be
aware^ that there nre certain things which take
place in Executive session, which Are not to be
referred to in open session. With regard to these
treaties, the Chair is not aware that the injunction
of se.ve v has been removed.
Mr. WALLER. In answer to the suggestion
of the Pres.dent, I would reply, that f do not
claim to be very familiar with the rules of the Son-
ate. A few days ago, in open session, that sub-
ject was retried to, and I then asked a Senator of
expen'en-e, whether it was proper to speak of these
treaties after they had been rejected by the Senate;
and I was informed, that after their rejection, there j
was no impropriety in referring to tKem. j
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will inform ,
the Senator of the extent to which he may be ai- j
iowed to speak in such a case. He can speak of t
the treaties having been made and rejected;but he j
cannot go into the proceedings upon them, unless '
the injunction of secrecy has been removed.
Mr. WELLER. I supposed that there cer- !
tainly could not be any great impropriety in speak-
ing of a matter with which everybody is acquaint-
ed. I have not, nor do 1 intend to go beyond the
rule laid down by the President. These Indians
were brought down from the mountains; and the
whole correspondence of the Indian commission-
ers show that their object was to bring them from
their fastnesses, in order that they might be sur-
rounded by white men. That fact is well known,
for it is most distinctly set forth m the corre-
spondence. They did bring them down from the
mountains. The Senator from Georgia asks why
they do not go back to the mountains, if they can-
not be secuied in their present position? I told
the Senator that these mountains are now occu-
pied by miners who were scattered in the moun-
tains, and that these Indians would not be permit-
ted to roam amongst them. He says the miners
are not there. Now, sir, the boldness of the Sen-
ator may have staggered some gentlemen. This
assertion has been made after I have informed the
Senate that their old homes are now occupied by
our citizens—that they cannot return to their old
hunting-grounds and obtain the food necessary to
sustain animal life. In other words, that the
white man, who never recedes from a position
which he has assumed, is now where their rude
habitations once stood.
You have the opinion of the Senator upon a
subject of which he knows nothing, and you have
my opinion of the same thing, of which I ought
to know something, having traveled over the
whole of that section of the State in which the
Indians are found. I should suppose the Senate
could rely with more confidence upon information
given by a Senator who knows something about
the tacts, than upon the statements of wild decla-
mation of one who knows nothing about them.
Some men have a passion for talking vociferously
about questions of which they know nothing.
There are other points in the singular speech of
the Senator from (Georgia to which I would refer
if I had time; but I have no disposition, as I said
before, to prolong the discussion. Itis with great
reluctance I trespass upon this body at any time.
1 am sure Senators now understand the grounds
upon which my proposition is based, and I cannot
doubt their disposition to decide this question fairly
and justly. I can only regret that a sense of duty
to my constituents required that I should occupy
so much of the valuable time of the Senate.
Mr. HOUSTON. It is with a gieat deal of re-
luctance that 1 would consume one moment of the
precious time of the Senate. I regard the dis-
, patch of business as important to the general in-
terests of the country, as well as to the particular
condition of the legislative business. I have
therefore abstained, throughout the session, from
occupying any portion of the precious time of this
body; but I think that a principle is here invoked,
to some extent, in consequence of which it will
not be amiss for me to advert to some facts which
have transpired, and to anticipate some of the
probable consequences of this amendment. If
it is necessary that the Indians should be supplied
with provisions, there is no doubt that they have
been reduced to that necessity by the conduct of
this Government, or its officers. Thev are re-
moved from their accustomed means of subsistence;
they are taken away from their hunting grounds.
They had another resource; they had the mines
in the mountains from which they could supply
their necessities; but they are withdrawn from
these fastnesses of the mountains, and are placed
by the action of this Government m a situation
which renders it necessary that we should give
them subsistence. That is thp point which is to
determine the justice and propriety of the action
of this body as I suppose.
The question for this body to consider is,
whether that which we design to appropriate for
a generous and beneficent purpose, will be applied
to the objects which we contemplate. It does not
answer the question to say, that agents of the
Government have heretofore applied money which
| has been placed in their hands in a manner con-
! trary to the instructions which they have received,
j The Government has officers, commissioners,
; men of intelligence and probity, who can be m-
; tripled with this rnoi.ev, ar-d who will apply it
I to the purposes for which il is intended by the
Senate. The sum of $100,000 is a very small
one. Compare that with the consequences which
will probably result to the Treasury, if it is not
bestowed, and see what will be the amount saved
by an economical discretion in its application now.
You appropriate $100,000 for these Indians, and
they will remain at peace. They are now with-
drawn from the mines, and theconduion of rivalry
in which they stood, in relation to those who are
now engaged in mining, has censed. Thev are
doing nothing to provoke the animosity of those
men whose interests conflicted with theirs hpreto-
fore; and it is m conformity with what we know
of the human character and of human feelings,
to suppose that the miners will now sympathize
with these poor Indians, and will desire to see
that the means given by the Government for their
support are not misapplied, but are employed tn
away which will alleviate the necessities of the
Indians. The condition of the Indians, then, will
be such as to excite the humane feelings and the
sympathy of a portion of the people of California,
who will exercise a vigilance with regard to the
manner in which the bounty of the Government
is applied, and thus exert an influence which will
be highly beiuficml to the Indians.
Sir, I have had some experience with the In-
dians. It is no egotism in me to say that I, who
have spent all my life upon the frontiers, am ac-
quainted with their dispositions and their chaiac-
ter—that I know the appliances necessary to
peace, and that 1 know the provocations to war.
I have seen Indian wars grow up; I have seen
peace negotiated and cb^regai ded ; t have seen out-
rages committed by whites; and I have seen the
Indian, in justification of himself, and in defense
of his home, his family, and his all, repel the ag-
gression of the white man. But it was always
said that it was the Indian who was the aggressor;
he had no telegraphs, no newspapers; he had no
advocates among the whites; none to vindicate
him. The white man had the influence; the In-
dian had possession of the land. The white man
wanted the land; the Indian must relinquish, and
give it up; and was always in the wrong when-
ever his rights were trespnssed upon. So it will
be.
Look at our condition upon the Texan frontier.
I have despaired of receiving, and have forborne
asking anything for Texas; but I entertain no
doubt that the gallantry and the chivalry of the
Texans will protect their own frontier. I cannot
look to this Government or to this Hull for aid.
It is our right, when we are infringed upon, to vin-
dicate our own eoil: and if your banner is torn,
and your heroic Mur^y is slaughtered, and his
banner burned by the savage,look to it yourselves.
It is not the banner of Texas; her star shall never
fall when it is borne by the hands of her own sons
to the field, and no savage shall strike it down.
Our Governor has taken a course to protect our
frontier against savage aggression.
What has led to this dire catastrophe ? Why,
sir, the perfidy of the Government and its offi-
ceix—nothing else in the world. This is no fling
at the Administration. [{goes beyond all that.
Texas, previous to the annexation, for more than
eighteen months, had enjoyed perfect peace. No
horses had been stolen; no slaughtered citizens
were found in their houses; no scalps had been
exhibited on Indian poles, around which to dance
the war-dance. No conflagrations on the frontiers
announced the savage depredations at midmeht.
We were at peace. Aftertheannexation of Texas,
you sent your commissioners there. The Indians
confided in the integrity of Texas, becaure every
promise had been maintained, and every pledge
fully redeemed. The Indians would not even ne-
gotiate with the officers sent by President Polk.
Through an influence in Texas thev met, they
consulted, they treated. At the head of that com-
mission was the gallant and illustrious Butler, who
so nobly fell leading on his legions at Cheruhusco.
He was atthehead of thecommission, but through
indisposition he was rendered unable to attend to
the duties of his mission, being prostrated in his
tent by chronic disease. Another was associated
with him, who cared not for the honor of his col-
