1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
405
myself unworthy of a seat here if I could pander to
my party predilections—as strong as they are—if
I "could so forget myself as to make a contract
that v/ould be unreasonable, or give a compensa-
tion to enrich my political fiieuds at the sacrifice
of justice or of the rights of my country. What
would, that committee do? That committee would
call upon Blair & Rives, as one of the members of
that committee lias already done upon Mr. Rives,
and inquire, What did you get for the printing of
the census in 1842 and 1843? Answer, §137,000.
We have had that to start upon. We would then
call upon Gales & Seaton, Gideon & Co., and Mr.
Rives and others, to learn what diminution of
prices had occurred since that time.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Will the gen-
tleman allow me to ask him a question r
Mr. GORMAN". With great pleasure.
Mr. STEPHENS. I understand the gentleman
to state that he had called upon Mr. Rives to learn
what lie would do this job for, and to be governed
by his price.
Mr. GORMAN. By all means. We would not
certainly give the contract to Donelson & Arm-
strong without an understanding of the former
prices.
Mr. STEPHENS. Then another question:
Why does the gentleman come in here and ask the
House in advance to say that we shall give it to
Messrs. Donelson & Armstrong?
Mr. GORMAN. I was just coming to that
point, which I hope to eliminate to the gentle-
mail's entire satisfaction. 1 stated that we had
consulted with printers in reference to the price of
printing. This has been all talked over in the
committee, and I am now but recapitulating.
Why did we put Donelson & Armstrong's names
in here? X will tell my friend: For the very same
reason that if his party were in power, they
would put the names of Gales & Seaton, or Gideon
& Co., there.
Mr. STEPHENS. I have no party.
Mr. GORMAN. The gentleman says he has
no party.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I desire sim-
ly to ask the gentleman from Indiana if it is not
[lis recollection, and whether it is not the recollec-
tion of the House, that the preparatory printing
of the forms necessary for the taking of the cen-
sus was done at the "Republic office," and if,
when we had that subject under consideration, it
did not appear to this House that we could not alter
the schedules in a single particular, because the
Secretary of the Interior had caused tills prelimi-
nary printing to be done before we had passed
the bill ? While we were engaged in passing that
bill, I made repeated efforts, and other gentlemen
made repeated efforts, to change those schedules;
but we could not do it. We could not get a particu-
lar description of hemp growing in my State in-
cluded in the schedule. We had been frustrated
by the action of the Secretary of the Interior, who
had given the job to the partisan editors of the
" Repiiblic."
Mr. GORMAN. The gentleman has fully ex-
plained that matter, and I need not repeat it. I
will tell my honorable friend from Georgia that
party has something to do with this matter. It
would be dishonorable in me to disguise it. Were
1 in power I would give what patronage was to
be given fairly and properly to my political friends
instead of to my political enemies.
Mr. HEBARD. I want to make a simple in-
quiry. I understand the gentleman from Indiana
to state that the resolution only authorizes the
committee to make a contract with Donelson &
Armstrong. In case they make no reasonable
contract I=would ask him what they then inten-
doing ?
Mr. GORMAN. I will answer. The contract
with Donelsnn & Armstrong for the printing of
this matter is to be made upon such terms as the
committee shall deem reasonable and proper, and
Slot what Donelson & Armstrong shall deem rea-
sonable. That is my answer.
Mr. HEBARD. That does not answer my
question. After the committee shall have come
to their conclusion of what price will be reason-
able, and Messrs. Donelson & Armstrong will not
accept the terms proposed, what do they then
propose to do ? ,
Mr. GORMAN. There is no other remedy
then but to report the fact to the House.
Mr. HEBARD. I want to ask another quess-
t
tion. Why not have this resolution in such shape
that when the committee come to the conclusion
that they cannot make a reasonable contract with
Donelson & Armstrong, that they shall make it
with some other printer without coming back to
the House?
Mr. GORMAN. I apprehend that the gentle-
man's interrogation does not amount to anything.
It results only in this, that if we cannot make a
contract what are we then to do } The gentleman
goes into a supposition that is not at all within
the range of probability.
Mr. HEBARD. It is within the range of a
business transaction.
Mr. GORMAN. 1 will not retort upon the
gentleman, and say as to what he would do, be-
cause I will not enter into that sort of discussion.
I shall confmc myself to the facts; and, as gentle-
men have been kind enough to listen to what I have
said, I beg them to hear me further upon the facts
of the matter. It has been said here that Donel-
son & Armstrong are partisan editors. True;
they are. Here is a job that is to be given to
some one, and 1 ask any gentleman upon that side
of the House, if he had the power, would he not
give it to his political friends who would do it for
an equally reasonable price?
Mr. FLOR.ENCE; May I ask a single ques-
tion? Do I understand the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Printing to say the public printer, so
called, is unable to perform this printing?
Mr. GORMAN. I have made no such decla-
ration.
Mr. FLORENCE. That he is not entitled to
it under his contract?
Mr. GORMAN. Under the law.
Mr. FLORENCE. I want to understand the
difference between awarding patronage to a Demo-
crat with a newspaper and a Democrat without a
newspaper. I cannot understand why a constitu-
ent of mine—and I make that declaration here—
who is a Democrat, and by whose vote, in part, I
hold a seat in tins liouse, should not be as well
considered as a Democrat with a newspaper?
Several Membf.ks. That is the point.
Mr. GORMAN. He should, by all manner of
means.
Mr. FLORENCE. I will beg the gentleman's
permission to say another word.
Mr. GORMAN. 1 cannot yield further.
Mr. FLORENCE. I will go behind no
man 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania is not m order, as the gentleman from
Indiana refuses to yield the floor.
Mr. GORMAN. My friend must excuse me,
but I cannot yield.
Mr. FLORENCE. Only one word. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mi. GORMAN. The gentleman appeals so
strongly that I cannot resist. I yield.
Mr. FLORENCE. I do not trouble the House
murh. 1 am a listener, a learner, a pupil here;
but, sir, my whole political life will bear me out
in the declaration that I go behind no man m
awarding what patronage I can by my personal
influence and vote to Democrats.
Mr. GORMAN. Thatisexactlyright. [Laugh-
ter.] I am willing that that sentiment shall be im-
bodied m my speech. I ask my friends upon the
opposite side of tl^e liouse to remember that at the
extra session of Congress m 1842-'43 a resolution
was introduced into one of the branches of the
Government in these words:
Resolved, That Blai) Rive-* be dismissed as the public
printer or printers ol the Senate.
It was passed by a Whig: party vote, and stands
upon your records as a living witness coming up
in judgment against you. That is admitted. This
is not a parallel case to that at all. This 1 say to
my Democratic friends is asimple question whether
we shall give it to our friends or not. That is all
there is in it. What more do we propose ?
"The work to be executed under the direction of the
Secretary of the Intorioi, and to be paid tor as it processes
bythehe.id of the Census Bureau, -with power to abate
from the amount stipulated u the vvnrk, when executed,
shall piove deficient or below the standard which may be
agreed upon."
I ask my friends what more is there in this
transaction? Donelson & Armstrong are to doit,
and it is «omplained because their names aie in-
serted here. * I tell you, if that contract can be
given them, so far as my influence and vote go,
they shall have it. Why will I select them in
preference to other Democrats? I will do so, I
tell my friends, because they are the organs of the
Democratic party. Is that plain enough? Is it
understood ? I beg my friend from North Caro-
lina to let by-gones be by-gones. I will not raise
Eanquo's ghost here. 1 will not put the cup to
his lips. 1 am willing to stand side by side with
my honorable friend from North Carolina to do
battle with him for the great Democratic princi-
ples of my country. I do not care whether he
voted for the compromise or not. i am not going
to put the test to his lips, if he sees proper now
to march under the banner of the Democratic party
as it shall be laid down by the Baltimore Conven-
tion. 1 ask him, a veteran in the cause of De-
mocracy, when he comesbefore the country, not to
tell the people that he is going to prescribe rules
for the party, which, if not adopted, he will sep-
arate himself from them* I ask him to leave a lit-
tle to the generous confidence of friends with
whom he has been associated all his life—a little
to the confidence of those friends who hold the
country dear—who hold the perpetuation of our
institutions above ail price, lie should act with
them, and because of the declarations of an indi-
vidual who has thought proper to be his antagonist
upon a political principle, he certainly is not going
to stifle his voice in the causc of his country.
Mr. VENABLE. I trust that no man here
will suppose that I am deserting principles, which
I have professed for more than thirty years, be-
cause of my dissatisfaction with any individual.
My principles are independent of individuals.
They are founded upon the convictions of my un-
derstanding, the approbation of my conscience,
and the cordial acceptance of my heart. From my
intercourse with my gallant friend, I shall be proud
to act with him At all times; but I shall never act
cither with or without my friends, under circum-
stances by which 1 shall forfeit my self-respect.
Mr. GORMA N. 1 have no fears that my hon-
orable friend will ever be called upon to act with
any other organization than that great and glo-
rious Democratic party, that has borne the ban-
ner of their country always. They are always
for their country. I am proud to say to-day, be-
fore God and my country, that I am for that
country right, but m the last resort, right or
wrong. I hope that 1 may not find my honorable
friend, who has differed with us upon certain
questions, which have agitated the country from
■ centre to circumference during- the last Congress,
, going up to the Washington Uaion and saying, "I
• hold you responsible for your opinions—you shall
not share m the patronage winch 1 can bestow, be-
; cause you differ with me upon these subjects."
: My fnend, when he says that he will prosciibe
| such opinions, could only expect to be proscribed
'• in turn. 1 hope that no such necessity may
l! occur.
]'< Mr. VENABLE. Will the gentleman allow
p me to say, that I proposed to open this subject to
free bidding everywhere, 1 said that they had no
claims upon me individually. 1 do not proscribe
1 them, but I open the bidding to the printers of the
j United States, so that we may have a fair and free
; competition.
: Mr. GORMAN. This resolution proposes to
leave this matter to the committee. It is not a
' question to be left to Donelson & Armstrong.
It is a question which our friends are called upon
to leave to the committee which you have con-
stituted m this House. We call upon you to leave
. the reasonableness and propriety of that contract
to the committee. Are you willing to do it- Have
; you confidence in their integrity and purpose of
: character to discharge that duty?
Mr. EVANS. I will ask the gentleman before
1 he is done to tell this liouse why it is improper
to let this printing by contract, and why it is the
contract system is now to be abandoned-5 The
' instance the gentleman gave was in 1841, before the
; contract system was entered into. Now, I want
, the gentleman to state how much this printing
; will cost. I am informed that it will cost about
i million of dollars.
Mr. GORMAN. I am authorized to say, upon
the authority of the very best printers, that it will
not cost half of $500,000. These diversions upon
this occasion have led me off from some of the
, facts m this case,
i Mr. EVANS. Speak to the contract.
Mr GORMAN. 1 was about to speak upon
1 the question of the contract system. It is known
