1318
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 10,
The question was then taken, anil the amend- |
ment was agreed to. >
Mr. LliTCHEK. Is it in order now to move 1
to Strike-out the fourth section ?
The"CHAIRMAN. It is in order. -
Mr LETGHER. I then submit that motion.
I predicate it upon this ground, that that section
as it stands is a strict interference with the powers
uniformly exercised by the Slates under the' old
Confederation, and under the present Constitution.
1 believe it has-been always conceded that the
States had a right to pass such local laws as relate
to the legal rights and duties of creditor and debtor;
but if this provision is to be inserted in this bill,
it stakes me that the power heretofore admitted
and granted to the States, is at an end in ail time
to come, .if by the insertion of this clause we
can undertake to say that the State laws which
provide for the collection of debts and for the lia-
biiuy of debtors for their contracts are null and
void, then we can undertake to say what shall be
the statute of descents within the limits of the
severaf States in which these lands may lie. Wow,
I apprehend it will hardly be contended that the
Federaf Government has any constitutional right
to interfere in any way whatsoever with those ad-
mitted rights of the State Legislatures. They
have never undertaken to pass any law which
shall diminish or restrict the rights of the creditor,'
or relieve in any way the debtor from the penalty
of liis obligations.
A MemCer. The bankrupt law was passed by
Congress.
Mr.-LETCHER. It is true. The bankrupt
law was passed a few years ago, hut public senti-
ment repealed the law very shortly after. The
Constitution itself gives express power to pass a
law of bankruptcy, if it shall be uniform. Sup-
pose that, under the provisions of this biff, a man
goes into the State of 1 lltnois, and settles there
upon the public lands. He contracts debts for the
improvement of his lands; and yet the Congress
of the United States undertakes to say that the
rights which exist between the debtor and creditor
in the State of Illinois, shall be null and void; that
the obligations which he has incurred after he be-
comes resident of .that State, shall be set aside:
that his property shall not be liable for the pay-
ment of his debts, in any way whatsoever, and
that he shall be relieved from the obligation which
rests upon every other class of debtors within the
State of Illinois, or any other State in which the
lands may lie. I ask if gentlemen are prepared to
assert a power of this sort in the Congress of the
United States? Are they willing that a law shnll
be passed which shall abrogate the Stale laws of
the country—which shall come in and declare that
the laws of Illinois, of Indiana, or Wisconsin, are
null and void, and which shall undertake, even, to
go further than that; for I maintain that they can,
with the same propriety, go fituher, and provide
that this land shall descend in a particular way,
and shnll descend in no other way whatsoever.
It seejvts to me that this is a question of great im-
portance, and one which ought to be seriously
considered by this committee before they under-
take to insert a clause in this bill which will pro-
duce such mischievous results.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I think that
the gentleman, with all his acuteness, when he
comes to read the section again, will find that lie
has no basis for his argument. When we come
to examine the history'of the grant of lands by
the Federal Government, we find, for instance, in
granting warrants to soldiers engaged in the Mex-
ican war, that the conveyances prior to the issue
6f the warrant were null and void. We also find
that in the act we passed on the 28th of Septem-
ber, 1850, we made any conveyances void until
the issue of the patent. No one questions the
constitutional power. At present, the fee is in the
Government, and the Government makes a propo-
sition. Wliat is it? It is, that if a person settles
upon a quarter section of land, and cultivates it
for five years, at the expiration of that time we
will transfer it to him, and the land shall not be
subject to any deed contracted prior to his settling
upon the land, or the issue of the patent. Does
this come in conflict, in the slightest degree, with
State authority ? It is merely to control"the fee m
the Government, and not to have it pass to the
individual.
The question vras then taken upon Mr. Letch-
er's amendment, and it was not agreed to.
The fifth section was then read, as follows:
Sec. *>2nd be it further enacted, That if, at any Umc
after filing th« affidavit as icquired m.the second section of
this act, 'and before the expmitum of the five jeais aiore-
said, it shall be proven by two 01 more respectable witnesses
testifying upon oath, to* the satisfaction of the legi&ter of
the land office, that the person having filed *uch affidavit
shall have'actually changed Ins or her residence, or aban-
doned the said entry foi more than mx months at any one
nine, then, and iji that event, the land so entered shall re-
vert back to the Government, and be disposed of as other
public lands are now by law.
The CHAIRMAN. The Committee on Agri-
culture propose to amend this section by striking
out the word " testifying."
The question was then taken upon this amend-
ment, and it was agreed to.
The sixth section was then read, as follows:
Sec. 6. Jlndheit further enacted, That if any individ-
ual, now a ie.-identor' any one of the States or Turmoiies?,
and not a citizen of the United States, be at the time of
making such application lor the benefit of this act, shall
have hied a deelaiation of intention as leqmred by the nat-
uralization laws of the United States, and shall become a
citizen of the same before the issuance of the patent, as
made and piovided foi in this act, shall be placed upon an
equal looting with the natural bom citizens of the United
Slates.
The CHAIRMAN. The Committee on Agri-
culture propose to amend this section by striking
out the word " natural," before " born," and in-
serting the word "native."
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment, and it was agreed to.
Mr. GROW. I move to strike out the word
" now,"in the second line of the sixth section.
As it now reads, all persons who shall immigrate
into the country after the passage of this act, could
not avail themselves of us benefits. This section
provides that every citizen not naturalized, before
he can make his entry of a quarter section under
this act, must file a declaration of intention, as
lequned by the natuialization laws of the United
States, and he must become a citizen before the
issuing of the patent. Why, then, should we
make a distinction between foreigners already in
the country, and those who may come hereafter?
it is proper that you should require them to be
naturalized before they take the benefit of this law.
i stand not here to make any appeal,specially, in
behalf of any class of citizens. I only ask that,
in the legislation of the country, all be treated
alike. Why should any difference be made m
your laws between men, forced by oppression and
wrong from the land of their birth, to seek a home
in the western wilderness, whether they come in
one year or another ? After they become citizens,
as required by your laws, let them be treated as
such, with all the rights and privileges of any citi-
zen. The doctrine of American legislation should
be, " equal and exact justice to all men, of what-
ever stale or persuasion, religious or political."
Mr. MOORE, of Pennsylvania. I am opposed
to the amendment of my colleague, which would
give the benefits of this bill to all foi eignei s as soon
cis they land here, for the reason that, I think, we
have already sufficient inducements for emigration
to this country, as they are now flocking here
from various parts of Europe, by thousands and
hundreds of thousands; and, if you shali hold out
this further inducement, we shall be overflooded
with a population from Europe which will neither
be for our good nor the good of those who come.
We have heard much said, during the debate on
this bill, of the liability, if we passed it—of the
inducements it would hold out to legislators, to
promise an extension of its benefits to all foreign-
ers who might come here, in order to get then-
votes; and i want to hold out no such inducement
for these foreign voters to come here as the amend-
ment of my colleague would hold out; and I am,
therefore, opposed to it.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I propose to
amend the amendment of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania by inserting, in lieu of the word
" now," which the gentleman proposes to strike
out, the words " who was on the 1st day of Jan-
uary, 1852." It will then read:
"That any individual uho u as on the 1st day of January.
1 a resident of any one of the States or Territories and
nor a citizen of the United States, but at the time of makin"
such application for the benefit ol this act shall have filed a
deelaiation ol intention," &c.
That is the way the section should read, and I
therefore offer that amendment.
'I he question was taken on the amendment to
the amendment, and it was agreed to.
The question lecurring on the amendment as
amended it was put and decided in the negative.
So the amendment as amended was not agieed
to.
Mr.CAMPBELL,of Illinois. Imovetoamend
the section by striking o.ut in the ninth line the
words, "equal footing with the native born," and
insert in'lieu thereof the words, "equality with
other," so as to make it read "upon an equality
with other citizens of the United States."
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. By the per-
mission of the-gentleman from Illinois, I will say
that I tlunk we have fallen into a slight error, and
that we had better go back to the last amendment
and act understanding^ upon it. If the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania. [Mr.
Grow,] as amended, is disagreed to, we destroy
the sense of the section1.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair must remind
the gentleman from Tennessee that the gentleman
from Illinois is entitled to the floor.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I yield for the present.
Mr. JOHNSON. If the House will agree to
the amendment of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, as amended, it will make this section cor-
respond with the first section of the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. That amendment has al-
ready been passed upon and rejected.
Mr. HOUSTON. I think it was misunder-
stood, owing to the manner in which the amend-
ments were submitted to. the committee by the
Chair. It was the impression of a good many mem-
bers that the amendment was adopted, when;
in fact, it was only the amendment to the amend-
ment which was adopted, and hence gentlemen
did not vote when the question was put on the
amendment as amended.
The CHAIRMAN, The Chair will inform
the gentleman from Alabama that he put the ques-
tion first upon the amendment to the amendment,
and then upon the amendment as amended.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am aware that the Chair
put the questions correctly, but the error prevailed,
and therefore I hope the question will be put a^ain.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will suggest to
the gentleman from Tennessee, and to the commit-
tee, that as theamendment to the amendment was
not agreed to, the word " now" still stands in the
section.
Mr. JOHNSON. Very well; then leave it as
it is.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois. I will now sub-
mit the amendment which I offered just now. I
make this motion for the purpose of securing uni-
formity not only in this section, but in the whole
bill. We have two classes of citizens recognized
by this bill, one the native born citizens, and the
other the naturalized citizens. My amendment
will embrace both of these classes. Besides I ob-
ject to having the word " native" in this bill. I
consider it to be a distinction which ought not to
be made here. The language of my amendment
is equally expressive with that used in the hill,
and emlnaces both classes of citizens, and I hope
it will be adopted by the committee.
The question was then taken on Mr. Campbell's
amendment, and it was not agreed to.
There beinsr no further amendments to the sixth
section, the Clerk read the seventh section, which
is as follows:
Jind be it farther enacted, That no individual shall he
permitted to make mm e than one entry under the provisions
of thi^act; and that the Commissioner of the General I.<and
Office is hereby required to piepare and i^sue each rules
and regulation*., ^out-i^ent with this> act, as shall be neces-
«atv and proper to carry it1? piovi«mns into effect; and that
the re i-.ter  and receiveis of the several land oflice.? shall
he entitled to receive the same compensation for any lands
patented under the provisions of this net. that they are now
entitled to receive when the same quantity of land is en-
tered with money to be paid by the party to whom the pat-
ent shali he issued.
The following amendment was reported by the
Committee on Agriculture, to come in at the end
of the section, viz:
" Prowled, however, That all persons entering land un-
der the provisions of this act. i>hall, as near as -may he prac-
ticable, in makins such entries, be confined to each alternate
quarter section, and to land subject to private enti> : Jind.
provided further, That nothing in this act shall he so con-
sulted a.s to impair or inteiiere in any manner whatever
with existing preemption rights."
The question was put on the amendment re-
ported by the Committee on Agriculture, and it
was agreed to.
Mr. BELL. I offer the following as an addi-
tional section to the bill:
