2182
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 11,
have proposed it here. I would have done noth-
ing after intimations of that kind, if i had regarded
it simply as a private claim; for at this stage of
the session, I would be the last Senator to take
up any of the time of the Senate uselessly.
Mr. HUNTER. I do not understand that these
gentlemen are interested in the treaty at all. The
treaty contains no provision or stipulation in re-
gard to the agents. It is an equitable claim they
set up on account of the action of the Government
in relation to the mode of payment to the Indians.
They say that by the provision in the appropriation
bill alluded to, which required the money to be
paid to the Indians per capita, you deprived them
of the mode of collecting their fees in which they
had expected to collect them. It seems to me that
it is a mere equitable claim, and rests upon the
same ground as others which have been ruled out
of order as amendments to the bill.
Mr. COOPER. A single word—I will not de-
tain the Senate a moment. This is a part of the
fund, substantially, that the treaty stipulated should
be paid to the Indians.
The PRESIDENT. As a question of order is
raised, the Chair must either decide it or refer it to
the Senate, as he may think proper. On looking
at the amendment, the Chair cannot discover from
it that it provides for a private claim. It is in the
following words:
"Thattheie be and is hereby appropriated, out of any
mono) in the Troasuiy not otherwise appropriated, the *11111
of $.">0,000, oi ?>o much thereof as may be found dm; by the
Comptroller of the Treasury, for carrying out that portion of
the fifth article of the treaty of 18-16, tor the benefit of tiie
western Cherokee?; and that the sum so found due be paid
to the parties equitably entitled thereto."
From the reading of the amendment as proposed,
the Chair is unable to say that it involves a pri-
vate claim.
Mr. HUNTER. I do not rise to take an ap-
peal. I submit to the decision of the Chair. But
I rise to ask the Senate, in consideration of the cir-
cumstances of the case, not to put this amendment
upon the bill. Certainly, it is one of those meas-
ures which ought to be considered separately. We,
■who desire to examine the claim, cannot ask the
appropriation bill to be laid over to give us an op-
portunity to look into the facts. I do not know
enough of the facts to be enabled to decide, with
any degree of confidence, upon its justice; and I
think I foresee, unless we should vote it down,
that if may become the occasion of a long debate
in relation to the propriety of the policy of this
Government of paying agents or attorneys of this
kind. I should be very sorry to see that subject
introduced at this stage of the bill, leading to'an-
other long debate. I hope the Senator will not press
it. He can bring it up as a separate measure. If
we get through the bill to-day, Friday will be de-
voted to private claims, and we then can consider
this measure separately. If it is still pressed upon
us now, I hope it will be the pleasure of the Sen-
ate to vote it down.
Mr. WALKER. As this claim grows out of
a matter of which I have a personal knowledge,
it may be necessary for me to state the circum-
stances. I do not rise for the purpose of express-
ing any views whatever m regard to the justice or
injustice of this act, or of the amount proposed
to be appropriated. That I leave entirely to the
Senate to decide after the circumstances are ex-
plained. Some two years ago, I think it was,
when the Indian appropriation bill was under con-
sideration, I offered a proviso to the end of the
bill—and I shall again offer it to this one—pro-
viding that the money appropriated by it should
be paid directly to the Indian or Indians entitled
thereto, and not to any agent or attorney whatso-
ever. We had treated previously with the In-
dians. We had stipulated to pay them money.
We had neglected to pay it until it became a mat-
ter of complaint on the part of the Indians. Tliey
employed agents to prosecute their claims and
obtain from the Government what was justly due
to them. I knew nothing about this individual
case at the time. It never had come to my knowl-
edge that the Messrs. Kendall had any claim upon
any Indians.^ But I felt that when the Govern-
ment had stipulated to pay the Indians money,
we ought not to deduct from it such large sums as
I knew were to be taken from them and given to
our own people. Feeling that that would be un-
just to the Indians, I offered the amendment,
which seemed to be thought just and proper by
the Senate, and it was adopted. It was an ex-
pression of the sense of the Senate that the money
ought to go to the Indians to whom we stipulated
to pay it, and not to any of our own people for pro-
curing it for themselves. I believe I was right m
offering that amendment. I believe it was based
in honesty and justice. I shall offer it again to
this bill. We certainly have had developments
enough to put us on our guard with relation to the
manner of paying money to Indians; and now it
is a question to decide whether, having placed
that guard upon the bill, and persons having lost
their fees m consequence of it, we will now turn
round and, after having paid this money to the
Indians, pay it over again to the agents who
prosecuted the claim. This is the question to be
decided; and this is the manner in which this claim
arises.
Mr. BADGER. Mr. President, I really can-
not see, after having heard my friend from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Cooper,] what foundation there is
for this claim. If I understand it right, it is this:
There were certain claims due to the Indians.
Congress passed an act for their payment. In
that act they provided that the money should be
paid into the hands of the Indians who were en-
titled to it. Now, these gentlemen come here and
say they made certain contracts with the Indians,
which, but for that provision in the act, they
would have been able to have enforced at the
Treasury Department, and thereby have compelled
the Indians to pay the compensation they had con-
tracted to pay them; that they asked it, and that
the Indians would not pay them. Then the whole
resolves itself into this: That if the United States
have a certain sum of money to pay to a number
of Indians, they cannot order it to be paid to the
Indians directly without incumbering themselves
with an engagement to pay all the debts connected
with that sum of money which the Indians them-
selves ought to pay. It appears to me that the
very proposition is on its face absurd. We cer-
tainly had the right to pay the money to the per-
sons to whom we owed it; and if we did so, let
the men who made the contracts settle them with
the Indians. We have nothing to do with them.
Mr. ATCHISON. The question, it seems to
me, is this: Were those Indians capable of making
a contract with an agent, or lawyer, if you please,
or attorney—I care not by whatteim you desig-
nate him ? The Cherokees, through their council,
had the power and had the right to employ an agent
for the prosecution of their business here, with
the Government, or elsewhere.
Mr. BADGER. Certainly.
Mr. ATCHISON. Very well; then these at-
torneys were employed to obtain this very money.
When the appropriation was made, for the avowed
purpose of preventing the Indians paying their
agents or attorneys, the clause, requiring it to be
distributed among the Indians per capita, was in-
troduced, to pay four or five thousand different
Indians, thereby placing it out of the power of the
chiefs, or the council, or the public authorities of
the nation, to discharge the debts they owed to
their agents. That is the whole case. It was the
act of the Government; and it was avowed, at the
time the amendment was offered by the Senator
from Wisconsin, that it was for the purpose of
preventing the Indians paying their agents the
debt thus contacted.
Mr. WALKER, Not at all. The Senator is
mistaken. The object was not to prevent the In-
dians paying it; but it was to obviate the difficulty
in which we would run in stipulating to pay
money to the Indians, and then paying it to our
own citizens. It was not to prevent the Indians
paying these debts.
Mr. ATCHISON. No, but it did virtually
have that effect. It was intended to have that
effect. If the money had been paid to the chiefs,
or representatives of the nation, then it could have
been paid in gross to their attorneys or agents,
and all just debts contracted as a nation might
have been paid. But for the purpose of defeating
it—or if not for the purpose, such was the effect
of so paying it—it was directed to be paid to 4,000
or 5,000 Indians, instead of into the hands of a
few of them to disburse it, as had been the cus-
tom of the Government from time immemorial at
the Department here. That is the state of the
case. It is precisely so; and no other face can be
given to it. Then it is for the Senate to determine
whether there is a liability on the part of this Gov-
ernment to refund that amount of money or not.
Mr. BORLAND. The Senator from Missouri
is, I think, mistaken upon one point. The pro-
viso which was put in the appropriation hill to
which allusion has been made, did not require in
terms that the money should be paid to the Indians
per capita, but provided simply that it should be
paid according to the terms of the treaty of 1846.
Those who favored it held at the time, and hold
now, that such a proviso was not, or should not,
have been necessary to require the paying depart-
ment of the Government to pay the money directly
to the Indians per capita, because the solemn stip-
ulations of the treaty provided that it should be so
paid. But when it was discovered that in making
these payments the terms of the treaty had not
been complied with, it was deemed by those who
considered they were binding upon the Govern-
ment in doing justice to the Indians, that we should,
by an express provision in the appropriation bill,
make the disbursing officers of the Government
conform to the terms of the treaty. That was the
state of the case. It introduced no new matter.
It always should have been so, because the treaty
required it; and it was simply making an addi-
tional provision to enforce what we had, by the
solemn stipulations of the treaty, agreed to do,
and which had not, to the great injury and preju-
dice of the Indians, been done.
But, Mr. President, what I shall say now has
nothing to do with the contract between these gen-
tlemen and the Indians. It may have been a fair
one. I do not question it. But that has nothing
to do with the propriety of this appropriation.
The question is, whether we shall undertake to
pay money for the Indians to individuals with
whom they contracted a debt, admitted to have
been such. Is that an obligation of this Govern-
ment? I think not. I can see no foundation in
justice for it.
The Senator from Missouri has very properly
said, that these Indians were capable of contract-
ing a debt. If you admit that, you must also ad-
mit that they are very competent, when they have
money in their own hands, to pay it, and that there
is no obligation upon the Government, either to
pay it out of the Indians' money, or still less out of
money which does not belong to the Indians. It
is just equivalent to making a treaty with the In-
dians, by which we undertake to pay them annu-
ally so much money per capita, and then going off
and finding an individual, and paying him so much
in addition, to come here and compel the Govern-
ment to comply with its contract. That is pre-
cisely the proposition which is presented.
Again, without questioning the justness and fair-
ness of the contract, I think the Senator from Mis-
souri was mistaken when he said the proviso pre-
vented the council of the nation from paying the
agents or attorneys out of the money. Sir, the
Indians did hold a council. They did appoint a
commission, which sat upon and adjudicated the
claims of these persons; and they did pay some
and rejected others. A commission appointed for
the purpose of examining these claims, did, last
summer, positively refuse to pay this one. They
did pay some claims. They paid the claim of
Mr. Stambaugh, of Pennsylvania, and other sim-
ilar claims. This claim they refused to pay.
These gentlemen went before the commission ap-
pointed by the Indians, which positively refused
to pay their claim.
Mr. ATCHISON. I was not aware of these
facts. They may be so. I do not doubt them,
if the Senator states them of his own knowledge.
I understand him to say that these things have
transpired since the last session of Congress.
Mr. BORLAND. Yes, sir; and I state them
of my own knowledge. 1 happened to be in the
country when they took place; and these gentle-
men have since told me that what I say is the fact,
and that their claim was then rejected. They told
me, in the tone of complaint, that by my vote I
had put it out of their power to get their money
from the Indians. I say all this without any feel-
ing of unkindness to these individuals, without the
slightest reflection upon their contract, or denying
that it was a fair one. But, we know very well
that these Cherokees are as competent to make a
bargain as anybody else; and I believe it is
generally admitted by all who know them that
they are as faithful in the execution of their con-
tracts. They aie not my constituents; but they
live upon the border of my State, and I know
something of their character. I believe they hold
