1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2183
themselves as much bound by their contracts as
any other people, whether white or red. They
refused this claim, saying that they did not owe
it. Under these circumstances, unless I can admit
that tins Government is bound to pay all who may
choose to go and make contracts with the Indians,
which the Indians refuse to pay, I am bound to
vote against this amendment.
Mr. COOPER. Mr. President, it does seem
to me that the ground assumed by the Senator
from Arkansas, in iegard to this claim, is a very
singular one, to say the least of it. If the Indians
had not refused to pay the claim; if they had paid
it when the Messrs. Kendall went to Arkansas, they
would not have been here to ask for it. But they
refused to do it; they did, as the Senator says, re-
fuse to pay it. But they had agreed that it should
be paid; and they had a^teed by the most solemn
form of instrument, that it should be received from
the handsof the Government itself. I trust I shall
never come into the Senate and advocate a proposi
third party interfered to prevent the receipt of
money when the party has an interest in the fund,
the third party is not liable in law and equity? If
that is so, here is a claim on the part of the Messrs.
Kendall that is good. At any rate, Mr. Gilpin,
the Attorney General, to whom I have referred,
has so decided in an equivalent case—no, sir, not
in an equivalent case, where there was an absolute
power of attorney irrevocable, as in this case, an
assignment of the fund itself, accompanied with a
direction to the officers of the Treasury to pay it
out directly—still, where there was a simple hen,
he has declared his opinion that the Government
was bound to recognize and pay it.
Mr. BRODHEAD. There is one view of this
case which has not yet been presented. These ij
are meritorious persons, and they have no doubt i|
an equitable claim for the services which they ren- j!
dered. But the question is whether the claim is ij
upon the Government. I understand the facts of
the case to be, that these two gentlemen, with
tion that is legally ridiculous or absurd-, and [ did not |! one other by the name of Stambaugh, prosecuted
come here now to advocate such a proposition. I ,j this claim against the Government, under separate
come here after having studied this case thoroughly; ij contracts, however, upon which they were to re-
after having examined the authorities as to whether !; ceive so much. An amendment was adopted to the
we shouM be warranted m doing what the amend- ij Indian appropriation bill, at the last session, I be-
ment proposes to do, or not. Now, sir, if the state Ij Iieve, which was offered by the Senator from Wis-
of the case was as it is represented by my friend jj consul, and which has been referred to, that the
from North Carolina, [Mr. Dadgeii,] I admit Unit |! money should be paid to the Indians per capita. At
the claimants could not recover in a court of law,
if the parties were both the subjects of a suit. But
let us see what was the contract between the parties
made in 181-3, stipulating m relation to this very
fund. They contract in these words:
In con-siderat'on whereof, the undersigned, on behalf
of the &aid Cherokee* west, [gojng to name a number ot
them,]« ov^nunt and agree to pav, or cau^e lo lie paid, the
full e<wnm--?on ot five per cent, to the said A. and J. H.
Kendall, upon any bitmsof money, or whatevei eNe of
value may he allowed or appropriated in full or m parr sat-
isfaction ot^aid claim, to be paid fiorn time to time as ap-
propriated or allowed: and the >aid delegates do hereby au-
thorize and empower the said A & J. E. Kendall as agents
and attorneys m fact, of the *aid Cherokee west, to de-
mand and teeeive from the Treasury of the fhnted States
or lrom ilie proper officer thereof, one twentieth of all
sums to be recovered."
Then there is a further clause authorizing them—
"To demand and receive from the proper office oi offi-
cer a full title to the one twentieth pai t tin'ieof; it being the
true intent and Meaning of the sa,d delegates that the
said A. &. John ii. Kendall shall leceivc five per cent, or
one twentieth part of any and eveivthmg of value which
shall he granted and appropriated on account of Mini claim,
to be received directly fiom the United Slates without any
further act or authority from the said Cherokees."
Now, sir, what does it matter what the treaty
between these Indians and the United States cov-
enanted ? Can they go behind this covenant with
their agents to defeat them? But this is not a
new thing. This question, in a case where there
was the simple attorney's hen, ha* been decided
by an Attorney General of the United States—a
learned one—although he had not, perhaps, as
shining talents as some others, yet he was one in
whose judgment I would as soon confide as m any
other that has been in office in these United States
for the last twenty years—I mean Mr. Gilpin—a
conscientious man, who never could be brought to
give an opinion which law, and justice, and con-
science did not warrant. This is his opinion.
After going on to state the claim, which was a
the general council—the chiefs being appointed
commissioners to receive it—one of these agents,
Stambaugh, by some means or other, 1 do not
know whether rightorwrong, obtained some forty-
odd thousand dollars. They paid forty-odd thou-
sand dollars for the prosecution of this claim.
That is a pretty large fee. Now, I propose that
Stambaugh divide it with those who rendered the
service to the Indians. That is the equitableclaim
to which I refened.
Mr. BADGER. As my friend from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Cooper] has referred to me on this
subject, I feel bound, out of respect to him and
to the subject, to bring a little more distinctly to
the attention of the Senate, the miserable ground
upon which this claim against the United States
rests. Let us inquire, first, what was the action
of Congrtss upon which the claim is based? It
is, that when the appropriation was made, we di-
rected the money to be paid according to the teims
of the treaty. The terms of the treaty required
thut it should be fixed per capita, to the members
of the tribe. Then, it is alleged, on the part of
the claimants, that we had become bound to pay
them certain moneys, because, by causing the
money to be paid according to the terms of the
treaty, which constituted our obligation, we have
deprived them of one of the hens or remedies by
which they would have forced their principals, the
Indians, to pay thecompensation which they had
contracted for. This is theground of their claim.
Now, i say that the case is exactly similar—as
my friend referred to the case of individuals—to
this: Suppose yon, sir, owe me a sum of money;
l appoint my friend from Missouri my agent to
collect it; and you come and pay the money to
me, and refuse to pay him any compensation for
his services; and he sues you upon theground,
that, m consequence of your paying the money
l'jUCh w*}s * j! to the principal, instead of to the'agent, you have
mere ordinary attorney's lienupon^ the fund—I j, t|e[JIlveii him Qf one Qf the means of securing the
will not trouble the Senate with it all—he says:
" For certainly, when an attorney ha> performed an im-
portant service, collected the evidence, and been tn^tiu-
inentai in *eeunng a claim which otherwise might have
been lost: and, when thiols done und'T the stipulation or
wuh a howi fide understanding that he was to receive the
amount to which he was entitled, directly fioiri the T'nited
State*, lie ha^ an mterc-l in the fund which the principal
um^elt could not withhold, and which the Department is
xmnd to iocoumze.,}
I think I have sustained my position. I have
abundance of evidence here to show that it was
h rough the industrious and constant attention
rivenliy the Messrs. Kendall to this claim of the
^herokees that justice was eventually done them.
Vlr. Mediil so states; the present Secretary of the
nterior so states. We know that Mr. Kendall
'ave notice to the Department of the Interior that
le would hold the Government bound for this
inn of money, if they paid it in despite of the
uthority, a copy of which was filed in the Depart-
nent. Now, I ask any gentleman here—and
hove all, I ask mv friend from North Carolina,
n whose legal judgment I haveas much confidence
. ,s in that of any other gentleman here or else-
where—if individuals stood in this relation, and a
payment of what was due to him. That is this !
' case; and no human ingenuity can give it any other
aspect, so far as the claim is upon this Govern-
ment. We were hound to pay the money accord- ■
■ ing to the terms of the treaty, which leqtiired that
it should he paid to die principal, and by our act
I which directed that it should be paid according to ,
those terms, it was paid to the principals; and now ,
we are gravely told, that if we had allowed the
i money to go into the hands of the agent, the agent j
| would have deducted his compensation, and every-
j thing would have been straight; but inasmuch as
I we paid it to the principal, and the principal re- j
1 fuses to pay the agent, we are bound to make it i
good. Then the whole question resolves itself j
i into this: If A is an agent to collect a debt due to j
i B, does that disable the debtor from payingthe j
! debt to the principal, B? That is the whole afiair. 1
i Now, my friend has referred to the treaty, and j
he says, what does it signify what the treaty con- j
tains, for lieie is the contract? I ask, 111 return,
i what does it signify to us what the contract is? [
! The United States were no party to it. It is an
i agreement between the Indians and then agents, I
for the prosecution of a claim. Does that affect
the United States > Does it invalidate the treaty?
Does it estop the Government? Does it alter our
relations to the party to whom weowe the money ?
Certainly not. The Government cannot be es-
topped. That is a principle of law; thesovereign
is never estopped in any case. But no individual
could be estopped here.
But, again, according to the rale adopted in the
Department, in paying moneys, such persons
could have had no claim under the contract, even
if the provision, of which complaint has been
made, had not been put into the statute. What is
this claim ? The Indians covenanted and agreed
" to pav, or cause to be paid, the full commission
of five per cent." They " authorize them to de-
' mam! and receive from the proper office, or oiR-
' cer, the full title to one twentieth thereof," &c.;
" it being the full intent and meaning of the said
' delegates that the said A. and John E. Kendall
' shall receive five per cent., or one twentieth part,
' of anything and everything which shall be
' granted and appropriated " by the United States.
Now, the rule of the Department is this: They
do not undertake to enforce such contracts; they
never assume any such jurisdiction. What they
have done is this: They sanction, by the usage of
the Department, that when there is an actual as-
signment, in terms, transferring to an agent, in
consideration of services rendered, a certain pro-
portion of the claim, they have considered him as
the equitable owner of that portion of the claim,
and have paid it to him, not in virtue of the con-
tract, for the services, but as an assignee. But
the Department never undertakes to enforce the
contracts of principals to pay money to their
agents. As long as it rests 011 a contract alone,
the Department does not touch ll; but when there
is an assignment, they consider that assignmentas
passing the property over to the agent. Then the
result is this: Say there is ail assignment of ten
per cent, to the agent; he being the assignee of
one tenth, is considered by the Department as the
owner of one tenth, and it is paid to him, and the
otiier lime tenths they pay to the principal. But
if the principal, instead of making an assignment,
enters into a contract to pay a compensation, the
Department never assumes jurisdiction over that,
and never allows it.
Then, sir, it seems to me that this case is
stripped of every apparent ground for a founda-
tion. If these parties had appeared at the De-
partment, and the Indians had refused their assent
or consent to the moneys being deducted, the De-
partment would have exercised no jurisdiction
over the question under the terms of that contract,
because it is not an actual assignment of the In-
dians to the agents. Then we have two answers
to this complaint. In the first place, the Govern-
ment had a right to pay the principal, and the
agents cannot complain that they did so In the
second place, the agents had 110 demand upon the
principal which could have been enforced at the
Department; and therefore the payment to the
principal has occasioned no loss and communi-
cated no wrong to him. Therefore it seems to me
a pei fectly baseless application to pay that which
the Government does not owe in law, equity, or
morals.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. 1 think that some Sena-
tors aie laboring under a misapprehension of the
facts of this case; and 1 think that this remark
anniies with particular force to the honorable Sen-
ator from Noith Carolina, because I believe he
could not have ventured the legal opinions which
he has ventured—and we all concede to him abili-
ties of the very highest order in that department—
unless he had mistaken some of the facts of the
case. I am the more particular in adverting to
this, because in 1851, when this claim was first
presented, I had the honor'—or, I might rather
say, that I was caught in the predicament—of re-
porting on the claim, and affirming precisely the
leo-al proposition which has been advanced by the
Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cooper.] i The
1 history of the case, bo far as the legal point is
! concerned, is presented in the facts to which I will
1 now advert.
■ A long tune since, the Old Settler Cherokees,
' having a claim against the Government, employed
two sets of asrents. One was Mr. Stambaugh,
] who eventually succeeded in obtaining a recogni-
I tion of his claim and the payment of it by the In-
I dians; and the others were Messrs. Kendall. He-
