1820
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 10,
I said, six-, I experienced no scruples in voting
for the homestead bill. Its constitutionality and
justicef I think, has been admitted by the great
apostle of American Democracy, Thomas Jeffer-
son, who Eas written—"I set.out oh this ground,
' which I' suppose to be self-evident, that the earth
' belongs, in itsvfruct, to the living." -
The immortal sage of the Hermitage, Andrew
Jacksop,said, in his message in 1832: " To afford
' every.American citizen of enterprise the oppor-
tunity of securing an independent freehold, it
'seems to me best to abandon the idea of raising a
' future revenue out of the public lands."
Without quoting further—for I could do so cov-
ering several pages—it may be proper to mention
thaf the powefof Congress to grant these lands to
actual settlers, has been affirmed by President
Polk, by Senators Cass, Douglas, Webster, H ous-
ton, Walker, and a hostof others. In this House,
sir, I have listened with delight to the eloouent and
truthful speeches made upon this subject*. I can-
not do better than make selections' from these, be-
cause* no argument T can advance will add to the
reasons why this bill should be speedily" enacted
into a law.
Mr. McMULLlN. I think it is time to stop
this debate. I could bring up a case in my own
district, much more iinportant than the one given
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Flor-
knce,] but I will not trouble the committee
with it.
A Member. Oh, bring it up.
Mr. McMULLlN. There was a regiment in
niy district mustered into service in the war of
1812, and served twenty-eight days, yet they are
excluded from the benefits of the act of 1850. I
shall vote against the gentleman's amendmen'.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Fi.on-
knce's amendment, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. HENN. I would ask the Chair whether
the proviso offered by the Committees on Agricul-
ture and Manufactures was adopted ? j
The CHAIRMAN. It was adopted. ' ,
Mr. HENN. I now ask whether it is in ouler '
to amend the original seetion before the proviso >
The CHAIRMAN. It is in order.
Mr. HENN. I move to strike out all after the
word "effect," in the seventh line, to the word
" issue" in the twelfth line, and to insert the fol-
lowing:
_ Anil that the reenters and receivers of the Uinre<J
States Unci offices shall be entitled to leeeive the samefees
for their services under tins act, that thev are now entulcd
to receive for cash entries: Ptondeti, That their whnlu
compensation 'shall in no ease exceed three thousand dollars
to each: Jtnd provided fuither, That the. fees aforesaid
shall he paid hy the settler at the time of making tile nroot
required undei the act.
The object of the amendment is this: It pro-
poises to pay the officers who do the woik, instead
of the officers who deliver the patent. It pto-
poses to pay the officer who takes the proof, and
limits their pay, while the oi iginal lull pioposes,
as I understand it, to pay thot>e who deliver the
1 latent. Now, 1 wish to pay those wito actually
do the work, and not those who deliver the patent,
because the patent is sometimes not issued in four
or five years after the one who look the proof has
gone out of office.
Mr. AVERETT. I am opposed to that amend-
ment. I will, however, take this occasion to re-
mark th.'U we are destroying the value of the p'.blic
lands. [Laughter.] Weareabout to pass a meas-
ure that will add enormously to the expenses of
administering the public lands. While we are •
crippling the Treasury, we are, at the same time
adding new burdens to it. ' !
Now, 1 would appeal to every gentleman who has !
done under the bounty land law of 1850, they will
have no time to attend to any other business".
- Mr. McMULLEN: Will my colleague allow
me to interrupt him for a momenta-
Mr. AVERETT. No, sir, 1 cannot. I have
but five minutes. I repeat what I said m my
speech the other day, that by this measure, you
are adding enormously to the machinery .and to
the expenses of the "Government. And you are
not oniy doing that," but you are, at the same I
time, diminishing the resources and means of the i
tax payers who bear the expenses of the Govern- !
ment. Yes, sir, you are increasing our burdens, !
and diminishing our ability to bear them at the
same time.
By the passage of this act-, you will find the
value of lands will be diminished in the whole
country, not only m the old States, but in the new
States. To the man who intends to live, die, and have
his bones buried on his land, their nominal value
may notbeavery material matter; but when lands
have to be sold to pay taxes or debts, or when
they have-to be sold in order that the proceeds
may go as assets in the hands of executors or
administrators, or for division among distributees,
it becomes a more serious matter. Sir, it seems
to me that the passage of this bill will dimmish
the value.of lands, in many instances ruinously'.
That is a practical matter, which every man, who
will look at it attentively, must see and ought to
appreciate. Here, then, while you increase the
expenses of the Government, you dimmish the
means of paying those expenses. You add to the
burdens of the Treasury, and increase burdens
upon the people, while you diminish their ability
to bear them. With due respect to the friends of
this bill, I say there is not a feature m it which
does not deserve the denunciation of every honest
patriot. j
The question was then taken upon Mr. Flor- j
k.yce's amendment, and it was not agieed to. \
1 move that the committee h
passed, and to lay the motion to reconsider upon
| the table. The Litter niouon was agreed to.
I PROPOSES RECESS.
j Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I ask the unan-
| imous consent of the House that we now take up
i the resolution in regard to the cleansing of this
1 House to prepare it for the summer session. It is
now under the operation of the previous question,
and the vote can be taken without consuming
much time.
[Cries of " Agreed!" " Agreed !"]
The SPEA KER, If the Chair 1 lears no objec-
tion, the resolution referred to will be taken up
ami reported to the House.
Mr. CABLE, of Ohio. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
[Cries of" No!" "No!" "No!" all over the
Hall.]
The question was taken on the motion to ad-
journ, and it was lost.
No objection being made, the resolution above
referred to was reported to the House, as followsr
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House be authorized
and directed to have the Hall lefitted and cleansed for the
snnnner sesMOn. ami ilia! the House adjourn on Tuesday,
tlie tiivt day o<" Jnne, unlit Friday, the fouuh of June, in
order to allow the UMial tune, tor that purpose.
The SPEAKER. An amendment, offered by
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Gaylokd.] is
the
Mr. HE8ARD
do now rise.
[Cries of" No !" " No !" " No!"]
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi. I am opposed
to that motion. We ought to get through with
this bill 
[Cries of" Order \ " " Order !"1
The CHAIRMAN. That question is not de-
batable.
The question was then taken,and upona divis-
ion there were—ayes 60, noes 48.
Mr. McMULLlN demanded tellers, which
were ordered; and Messis. Campbell, of Illinois,
and Fowler weie-appointed.
The question was again taken, and the tellers
reported—ayes 76, noes 31.
So the motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose, and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the chairman (Mr. Hrn-
isard) reported that the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union had, according to order,
had under consideration the state of the Union'
generally, and particularly House bill JNo. 7, bein«-
a bill to encourage agriculture, commerce, &c.b,
and had come to no conclusion thereon. !
| pending; which is to strike out the words " Tues-
day, the firs; day of June, until Friday, the fourth
day of June,"and insert, " thirteenth of May until
the seventeenth of May:" and upon this the pre-
i vious question has been demanded.
Mr. [3 ARRIS, of Tennessee. I ask that the
gentleman from Arkansas [Mr. Johnson] will
withdraw his call for the previous question for a
moment; I wish to make nil inquiry of him.
Mr. JOHNSON. 1 have no control over it.
Mr. HARRIS. I desire to inquire of the gen-
tleman from Arkansas [Mr. Johnson] if these re-
pairs have not usually been made under the direc-
tion of the Committee on Accounts? I understand
Ivom gentlemen, who have served upon that com-
mittee, that such repairs have usually been made
under the direction of that committee.
Mr. JOHNSON. I will answer the gentleman
[or his satisfaction, as well as-that of the House.
Here are the last thiee precedents, by which it is
snown how this thing has been done:
May 18. 1848. Raokei, That when, the House meets on
Aloiui.iy next, It adjourn to meet on the followm* Thurs-
day, to afford an opportunity tor fittiru; the Hall tor sum-
mer occupation.
May 29, 1850. Hciih-cil, That vvhen the House adiourns
to-ditv, It adjoin n to meet at eight o'clock, A M.,ro mmrow
IOI the purpose ot adjoinmm; from that hour over to Mon-
u.'LTn1' T"* eimwe the officers of the. House to have
the Hall cleaned and refitted for summer session
Ordered. That the Clerk of the House he authorized and
duet ted to nave the Hall cleaned and refitted for summer
had anything to do wdh carrying out, the pro
ions of the bounty land faw of "1850, to lool
the trouble-
'iris- !
. . - —, .a look to .
-t° look to the enormous increase of ;
labor and expense which that bill has imposed
upon the Government, and see what additional ex- !
pense will l,p incurred by the passasre of this lull 1
I here is no telhnghow much they will be increased' ■
When you look at the various provisions of this :
bill, the proofs that are to be exhibited as the eon- I
ditions on which the benefits of the lull are to .-est 1
gentlemen must see that agents will be requiretl'to '
take those proofs, m addition to the surveyors I
clerks of bureaus, registers, and receivers, and re- <
corders now employed. And. sir, if members of I
Congress are to attend to the rights and interests
of therr constituents under this law, as they have '
PLANK ROAD COMPANY.
Mr. DOCKERS. 1 ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House that we may take up and pass
I a bill from the Senate (No. 36,) which my col-
j league, [Mr. Asiie,] not now in his seat, had in
i chaise. It is a bill to authorize a planic road ;
j company to extend their road through one corner '•
I of the land granted for arsenal purposes in Fay- I
; etteville: It is important that it should be passed j
There being no objection, the bill was taken up 1
and read a first and second time by its title, as j
follows: " A resolution granting the right of way :
to tile Fayetteville and Central Plank Road Com- '
pany." ]
Mr. JONES, ofTennessee. I would inquire if :
the load does not cut the grounds ill two? i
_ Mr. SfANLI. It rather benefits than in- ;
jures the public grounds there.
Mr. DOCKEIIY. It cuts off some fourteen or
fifteen acres, but I understand it will work no in-
jury to the lot belonging to the United States, but
is an.ad vantage to it.
The bill was then ordered to be read a third
time, and having been read a third time, it was
passed.
Mr. DOCKERY. I rise to v privileged motion
l move to reconsider the vote by which the bill was
if Tennessee, called for the yeas
were not ordered.
( for tellers on the adoption
jj ^ The question hein? on seconding the demand
' ibi tite pie vious question,
' of Aikrtnsiis, called for tellers,
j winch were ordered; ;\nd Mes«ts. Johnson and
i Op.r appointed.
j The question was then taken, and the tellers
j reported—ayes 78, noes X); the Speaker votintr in
j the affirmative to make a quorum.
So the previous question received a second, and
j the^main question was ordered to he put.
I The question next recurring on the adoption of
i tne amenoment,
Mr. JONES,
and liay.s; v hici>
Mr. MASON.
of the amendment.
Veileis were not ordered.
1 li'.j Question Wos then t.-ilcen
of the amendment, and it. was
division-—iye  (19, noes IM
-Tile SPEAKER. The question is now unun
the ad potion of the lesobition as amended. '
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to rec'on-
siuev the vote by u Idcli the amendment was adopt-
ed, and upon that ( ;lsk for the yeas and nays.
Mr. STANTON, ofTennessee. I rise" to a
question of order. It is this: That the House was
divided, and the Chair was putting the question
when the gentleman iroin Tennessee rose, and it
is too late to move thu reconsideration of the vote
The SPRAICF.lt. The Chair decides that the
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Joves] has a
I right to move to reconsider the vote. The Chair
on the adoption
i^reed to, on a
