410
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 28,
Ordered, That the petition of Joseph II. D. Bowmar,on
the fih\s of the i>pna.tp, he referred to the Committee on
Fiivate Land Claims.
On motion by Mr. MALLORY, it was
Ordered* That the document.1- on the file.* of the
reUtims to the rlaim of John I'. Duval, be referred to the
Committee on Mihtaiy Affairs.
On motion by Mr. BERRIEN, it was
Orde*e<K That the memorial of W iHiJim * • Hansel!, ^ :1
ham H. Umlriwood. and the legal representatives ot ham-
uel Rockwell, deceased, on the hi- ot the senate, be re-
ferred to the Committee on t!i." Judic.ai}.
On motion by Mr. SEBASTIAN, it was
Ordered That  '"■ p-'tition of the h-iri-al-liiiv of Inseph
Vnlliere D 'Haiiteuvc, on the SJi'5 of the Senate, be retorted
to the Committee on the jndiciiisy.
On motion by Mr. &W IN, it was ,
Ou1e>c<u Thar the me^Ei'ie n! the Presulentof the United ■
State* ill relation to Calilonu.i claim*. eomniuincateii the
26 th instant, be referred to the Committee on the Judiciary
REPORTS FRtOI STANDING COMMITTERS.
Mr. RUSK, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Ii.oads, to which was referred the
joint resolution to provide ice-boats for the Poto-
mac. river, reported it back without amendment. ;
Mr. BUTLER, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to which was referred a bill " to amend
an act entitled ' An act for the punishment of crimes ,
in the District of Columbia,' " reported it back 1
without amendment.
Mr. BRADBURY, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported a joint resolution authorizing
the purchase of the nmth volume of the laws of the
United States; which was read and passed to the
second reading.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to winch was referred a memorial of P.
McManua, reported a bill for extending like prin-
ciples to those conferred by the act entitled " An
act allowing drawback upon foreign merchandise
exported m the original packages to Chihuahua and
Santa Fe, Mexico, and to the JJritish North Amer-
ican Provinces adjoining the Uunited States," ap-
proved March 3, 1845, to foreign merchandise
exported to Mexico by certain indicated routes;
which was read and passed to the second reading.
On motion by Air. HAMLIN, it was :
(hdcrerf, That the Committee on Commeice be dis-
charged from the further consultation of the memorial of ,
merchants underwriters, and others, mteiested in com-
merce) presented the 21st instant.
Mr. HUNTER, from the Committee on Fi- i
nance, to which was referred the bill to remit or
refund duties on goods, wares, and merchandise
destroyed by fire, reported it with amendments.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred ihe bill for (he relief of Williams, Sta-
ples & Williams, reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the bill for !lie relief of James Fer-
guson, surviving partner of the firm of Ferguson
& Milhado, reported it without amendment.
Mr. IJELtRIEN, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to which was referred the memorial of
William Woodbrtdgeand Henry Chipinan, pray-
ing compensation for services in adjusting titles to
land in Michigan, reported a bill for their relief;
which was read and passed to the second reading.
On motion by Mr. JONES, ofTennessee.it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Mihtaiy Allans be dn-
chai"ed from the fuithoi consideiatmn of the memorial of ,
J. vSimtli.and that it be referred to the Committee of Claims. 1
On motion by Mr. DOWSS, it was '■
Ordered. That the Committee on the Judiciary be dis- ,
■charged from the further consideration of the memorial of
Geoige Heivey.
Oh motion by Mr. DOWNS, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on the Judiciary be dis- <
charged from the furthrr consideration of the memorials of
inaHials and assistant mnt-haK prawng additional com
pen^atioi) foi their service-in taking the Seventh Onsus. -
which have been rofcirod to That committee, and that the
&ame he releried to Ihe Committee of Claims.
On motion by Mr. MORI OX, it was
Ordoed. That tlm Committee of Claim* be discharged
from the blither consideration of the memorial of Gad
Hurnphue*, and that the >ame berefeired to the Committee
on Mihtdiy Aflaiia.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. McRAE gave rotice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce a bill entitled "An act lo repeal
the proviso in the act of Congress entitled 'An act ,
making appropriations for the en il and diplomatic ,
expenses of the Government for the year endn;Lr
the 30th of .Tune, 1£52, and for other purposes,' i
approved March 3, 1851, relating to the payment ;i
of the salaries of the officers of the Territories of ;
■ the United States."
Mr. SOHLE gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce a bill to establish a naval depot
in or near New Orleans. I
BILL INTRODUCED. 1
Mr. DOWNS obtained leave to bring in a bill !
for the relief of L. E. L. A. Lawson, solesurviv- 1
mg heir of General Eleazer W. Ripley, deceased;
which was read a first and second time by its title,
; and referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
SAN DIEGO RIVER.
Mr. GWIN submitted the following resolution
for consideration; which was agreed to:
Resolved, 'J'hat the Committee on Naval AlFnirs he in-
stiucted to inquire into the expediency of appropriating
such Him ot money as may be ncce^an to divert the river
of s?an Diego into False Bay; which river now empties into
the bay of San Diego, and by its deposit is giadually filling
up ^aid ba>, theieby creating a formidable obsuuction to its
navigation
DEBATES OF TtlE SENATE. 1
[ On motion by Mr. NORRIS, and by unanimous
consent, the vote ordering the resolution for settle-
ing the accounts for reporting the debates and
proceedings of the Senate to be engrossed and read
a third time, was reconsidered.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
said resolution; and having been amended on the
, motion of Mr. Nonius, reads as follows:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate be, and he is
; hereby, authorized and instructed to audit, and trom time to
tune to fettle the account of John C. Ilive^, for the reports
of the Senate proceedings and debates published m the
'-Daily Globe," at .*7 50 per column: Provided, hovever,
That in auditing and settling such accounts nothing shall be
allowed for the publication of revised speeches, a report of
which has once been published, nor foi messages and re-
ports fiom the executive officers of the Government, nor
tor reports from committee:- of the Senate.
Ordeied, That the resolution be engrossed and read a
tlmd time.
THE COMPROMISE MEASURES.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
resolution submitted hy Mr. Foote, of Missis-
sippi, and amended on the motion of Mr. Badger
as follows:
A Ttei-olntion declaring the Measures of Adjustment to
be a definitive settlement of the questions growing out of
dome-tic slavery.
Be it resolved, That the series of measures embraced in
the acts entitled " An act proposing to the State of Texas
the establishment of her Northern and Western boundaries,
the relinquishment, by the said State, of all temtoiy claimed
by her exterior to paid boundaries, and of all hei claims
upon the United State.-, and to establish aterntona! govern-
ment for New Mexico,"' approved JSep-.emher 9, 18.30 ; "An
act for the admi^on of the State of California into the
Union,'" approved September 9, 1S50; "An net to establish a
te-Htona) government tor Utah," appioved September 9,
UV)i>; '• An act to amend and supplementary to an act en-
titled 1 An act iesper'tmg fugitives from justice, and pei-ons
escaping from the .service ol then mastoid,' appioved Feb-
rnan ixJ, 179H, approved September 18. JS50: and "An
act to -supjircstj the .slave trade in The District of Columbia,''
approved September 20. IttfQ. commoii!) known as the
kk Compioiruse Acts," aie, in the judgment of tliH bodv, a
settlement in principle and Milxtaiice—a final settlement of
the dariaerous and exciting subject* which the\ embrace,
and ought to be adhered to by Congress until tunc and ex-
perience shall demonstrate the necessity of further legisla-
tion to guard against evasion ur abu&e.
Mi. DAVIS add] essed the Senate at some length,
in opposition to the resolution. His> speech will
be found in the Appendix.
_ Mr. MANGUM. The Senator from Missis-
sippi has intimated a desire to address the Senate
on this subject.
Mr. McRAE. That was my intention. '
Mr. MAXGUM. 1 will very cheerfully give
way to the gentleman for that purpose. If I can :
get the floor when lie shall have concluded his re- !
marks, I will endeavor to get rid, if such be the ,
sense of the Senate, of the further consideration
of this resolution. I think the debate on it has ;
been wholly unprofitable: and if it pioduc.es the
slightest effect on the public mind, it will be that
which is pernicious and deeply injurious. How-
ever, out of courtesy to the Senator from Missis-
sippi, who is here for the first session, I feel it to
be my duty to give way to him: but I hope I shall
be able to obi am the floor after him.
Mr. McRAE. Mr. President, I thank the hon-
orable Senator from North Carolina for the cour-
tesy wh'ch he has extended to me; but there will
not be time enough to-day for me to make the re-
marks win- h I desired to make on this resolution,
and the questions embraced in it. I therefore ask
the Senate to adjourn now, so as to enable me to ;
speak to-morrow. i
Mr. MAXGUM. I hope the honorable Sena-
tor will withdraw that motion, as it is important
that we should go into executive session.
Mr. McRAE. I withdraw the motion to ad-
journ, and move to postpone the further consid-
eration of the resolution until to-morrow, at one
o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On the motion of Mr. MAXGUM, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive busi-
ness; and after some time spent therein, the doors
were reopened, and, on motion,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, January 28, 185v2.
The House met at twelve o'clock, in. Prayer
, by the Chaplain, Rev. Mr. Morgan.
j The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
! Mr. HOUSTON moved that the House resolve
' i itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
! Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. If the motion to
,, go into Committee of the Whole do not prevail, I
, ask what will be the first business then before the
M House?
! The SPEAKER. It will be the call of com-
i, mittees for reports.
Mr. HARRIS. I hope it will be the pleasure
: of the House to allow the morning hour to be ap-
, propriated to the regular order.
Mr. HOUSTON. I hope the House will go
into Committee of the "Whole, and finish the Mex-
i ican indemnity bill. It is very necessary that the
I House should come to some final action upon that
I; subject as soon as possible. There is a special
order for to-morrow, and gentlemen must see theim-
1 portance of disposing of the indemnity bill to-day.
Mr. McLA^N*AHAN. I ask the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means to withdraw
the motion to go into Committee of the Whole, in
order to allow me to make a report from the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary. It is a report which I
am confident the House is anxious to receive; and
I submit to the gentleman from Alabama [Mr.
Houston] whether it will not better facilitate the
business of the House by allowing this report now
l to be made?
Mr. HOUSTON. If the House have no ob-
jection to receive the report of which the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. McLaxahan] de-
sires to present—as it is a report which will have
an important bearing on one of the appropriation
bills—I shall not object; but I must decline to
withdraw my motion to go into committee.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Peim-
; sylvania can present his report only by unani-
mous consent.
Mr. SMART. I object, unless the other com-
mittees be allowed to present reports.
Mr. HOUSTON. I now beg to press my
motion to go into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union; and upon that motion I ask
the yeas and lieys; which were ordered.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I desire to ask if
the bounty land bill, which is made the special
order for to-morrow, will not then take precedence
of the Mexican indemnity bill ?
The SPEAKER. It will take precedence.
Mr. HOUSTON. At the request of gentlemen
around me, I ask the consent of the House to
1 withdraw the call for the yeas and navs. I do
■ not wish unnecessarily to take up the time of the
■ House.
There was no objection, and the call for the yeas
and nays wa<? withdrawn.
! Mr. HOUSTON asked for tellers; which were
ordered, and Messrs. Houston- and Fowler were
; appointed.
J The question was then taken, and the tellers re-
■ ported—ayes 10], noes 29.
So the motion prevailed.
| MEXICAN INDEMNITY BILL.
The_ House accoidingly resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
Mr. Joxes, of Tennessee, in the chair.
The CHAIRMAN stated the first business in
ordertobethe annual message of the President
of the United States, and the resolution of the gen-
tleman from Alabama [Mr. Houston] to refer it
to the seveial standing committees.
