1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2187
Mr. Speaker, it would be impossible to say what
would now be the judicial expenses of this Gov-
ernment if the certificate of the judge was final.
I think I would hazard nothing in placing them at
§1,000,000 per annum. But, sir, it never was in-
tended that the judge's certificate should be con-
clusive. The decisions of several of our Attorneys
General have been given on this point, (Mr. Crit-
tenden was the last;) and they all concur in opin-
ion that the judge's certificate is not final. The
judge is not an accounting officer—neither, indeed,
should he be. If it were otherwise, why did not
Congress order the accounts allowed and certified
by the judges to be sent to the Register of the
Treasury to be entered, so that he could certify
the balance due to the Secretary of the Treasury, '
and enable him to draw a warrant for the claim- !
ant, without the useless formality of sending them !
to accounting officers? If such was the law, the
office of the Comptroller would be a useless sine-
cure. The lamp of experience should guide us in
this matter. And, sir, would our past experience
of the manner in which some of the judges, with-
out law and against law, have certified accounts
justify us in adhering to the present plan ? This
would be unwise and impolitic.
The gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Letcher]
says that the Executive officer ought to turn out
those who are guilty of these abuses. He knows
as well as I do, that it is not competent for the
President of the United States to discharge a judge,
or to meddle with his clerk. If the attorney and
marshal bring an account before the judge, and
he certifies it, it has upon its face the impress of
the law, and would the gentleman ask for uncon-
stitutional Executive interference against thejudi-
ciary branch of the Government? It is contrary
to the dignity of our courts that the judges should
be the Accounting and auditing officers of the Gov-
ernment. The law has placed these arduousduties
in other hands, and placed it there wisely and dis-
creetly; for it nevei was intended that the courts
should form a constituent part of the Executive
Department of the Government. No, sir, checks
and balances have been interposed in our system,
and accounting officers are made under oath to
act upon all subjects referred to them by law.
Mr. Whittlesey, the present First Comptroller,
deserves much credit for the manner in which he
has resisted these innovations upon the Treasury.
Now, sir, gentlemen pretend to say that the
system which this bill proposes to introduce, will
change the whole judiciary policy of this Govern-
ment. I deny it. But suppose it does. Such a
reason as that is not going to intimidate me. Iam
one of those who are ready to scale, at any time
when the occasion offers, these moss-covered bat-
tlements of error, and to plant upon them the stand-
ard of right and justice. Abuses in our Federal
courts, and frauds upon our public Treasury, are
known and admitted to exist, by every member on
this floor.
Then, why not attempt a remedy? Sir, to my
mind, precedent never did arid never can justify
abuse, and time never can and never shall sanctify
corruption. Let me, then, entreat the repre-
sentatives of the people now, after a session of
nearly nine months m this Hall, to pass this one
measure of retrenchment and reform; and when
you return to your homes, bear it with you, and
present it to your lone:-sulTermg and patient con-
stituents as a peace-offering for the past.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs upon
the motion to commit the bill to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. CABELL, of Florida. I desire to submit
a statement of a case within my knowledge, with
the consent of the gentleman.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can proceed
only by unanimous consent, as the gentleman from
Pennsylvania has yielded the floor.
Mr. McLANAHAN. I have yielded the floor,
but I should be happy to hear the statement of the
gentleman from Florida.
The SPEAKER. Js there objection to the gen-
tleman proceeding to make his statement?
Mr. MASON. I object.
Mr. BRIGGS demanded tellers upon the motion
to commit the bill; which were ordered; and Messrs.
Fuller, of Maine, and Rrtogs were appointed.
The question was thentaken, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 26, noes not counted. So the motion
to commit to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union was lost.
The SPEAKER. The question now recurs
upon the motion to recommit the bill to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. McLANAHAN. I withdraw that mo-
tion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair doubts whether
the gentleman can withdraw it. The existence
of that proposition may have been a reason for the
j ordering of the previous question, on the part of
some gentlemen.
The question was taken, and the moti6n to re-
commit was disagreed to.
The SPEAKER. The question now is upon
| agreeing to the amendments of the Judiciary Com- |
j mittee.
' The first amendment of the Judiciary Commit- I
; tee was read and agreed to, as follows: !
1. Strike out the twenty-thnd and twenty-fourth hues,
viz: " When a commission with mterrogatoiies is issued to <
take testimony, the additional sum oi &o," and in&ert" For ,
! each deposition taken and admitted as evidence in the j
! cau^e, $2 50." j
| Mr. HAVEN. I wish to inquire whether there j
j was more than one amendment which was in fact j
, pending? The Chair will remember that I pro- j
posed to offer amendments to some of the subse-
quent amendments, and the Chair ruled that there
could be but one amendment pending at a time.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Haven] misunderstood the Chair. :
Only the amendments of the committee were be- ;
fore the body. Several amendments are pending
in the shape of arepoit from the committee. i
Mr. PIAVEN. My proposition was to amend '
the last of these amendments, and I understood it ;
to lie out of order. |
| The SPEAKER. Out of order until that part i
j of the bill was reached.
| Mr. HAVEN. For the reason then that a prior ,
i amendment was pending? i
| The SPEAKER. Certainly. Let the Chair j
j be understood by the gentleman. Several amend- 1
ments aie proposed by the committee—one to the j
first clause of the bill. If the committee had pro- ,
I posed no amendment to that first clause, an amend- !
ment to that first clause would have been in order
if moved by any member upon the floor. The
committee proposes to amend the first clause, and ;
that amendment must be first voted upon, and j
would be amendable except for the reason that!
the previous question cuts it off, so that it is not 1
in order to receive or entertain an amendment to !
the second, third, or fourth amendments proposed j
by the committee. i
Mr. HAVEN. My understanding of it runs !
exactly parallel with that of the Chair, that up to 1
the point of passing the first amendment, but one
amendment can be received. Now, if this were
to be treated as but one amendment, I then had a
right to propose to amend the last proposition in
that one amendment.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands the
amendments of the Judiciary Committee to be sev-
eral distinct amendments.
Mr. HAVEN. That being so, then but one of
them could be well received at the time, or if re-
ceivable, I had a right to propose to amend it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair differs with the
gentleman. As many amendments as may be re-
ported by the committee, are before the House for
their action, no one of which can be cut oft' by
the operation of the previous question. That is
I the universal practice under our law.
I Mr. HAVEN. Then it would seem to follow
| that an amendment to an amendment properly
! pending might have been made.
! The SPEAKER. The effect of the decision of
: the Chair would be this: if there was no previous
| question operating, each amendment, in its turn,
I would be amendable; but by the express law of
| the House, the amendment is cut off by the oper-
| ation of the previous question. The Chair could
] not entertain an amendment proposed to the last
i amendment of the committee.
j Mr. HAVEN. That was the only question.
| Although it was the last amendment, it was still a
; pending amendment.
i The SPEAKER. The amendments proposed
by the committee are to be taken up m the same
order as the clauses to which they are applicable
are considered. Amendments proposed to the
amendments of the committee can only be consid-
ered in the order m which the clauses are consid-
ered, the same as if these clauses were separate
sections. The gentleman will recollect that the
Chair made an effort to have the House, by unan-
imous consent, consider those amendments as be-
fore the body.
Mr. HAVEN. TheChairwill understand that
I was in no way complaining of the action of the
Chair. 1 was only noticing the operation of the
thing, by which I lost the benefit of offering ray
amendment.
The SPEAKER. The Chair, under the rules,
will be compelled to rule out of order any propo-
sition to amend.
Mr. LETCL-JER. I am not very familiar with
the rules of order, and I could not hear distinctly
what the Chair said in the conversation with the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Haven.] Do I
understand the Chair to say that no amendments
can be offered to this bill except those reported by
the Committee on the Judiciary?
The SPEAKER. Those amendments are all
that can be voted upon, for the reason that the
previous question has cut off everything else—ev-
erything which was not pending before the House
when the previous question was moved.
The other amendments of the Judiciary Com-
mittee, from two to fifteen, both inclusive, were
considered and adopted, as follows, viz:
2. Strike out the word "like," in the following clause,
viz: " A like compensation ot §?.> shall be allowed for ser-
vices lendered in cases lemoved ftom a district to a circuit
comt by writ of erioi or appeal "
u. In the following clause, viz: " For tiavehng from the
place of his abode to the place of holding any court of the
United Rtatea in hi* dt-mict ten cents per mile lor going,
and ten cents for returning," insert after the word "dis-
trict," in the 39th hno,and to the place of any examina-
tion before a judije or commissioner of a person or persons
charged w ill* crime "
4. In the following paragraph, viz : "In any case vvheie
a distuet attorney has lieietotore prosecuted or defended a
suit in which the United Stater- was concerned, m a di<j-
tuct where the law allow* no taxable attorney' fees, and
tor winch lie ha> received no compensation, except his per
diem and animal s.ilaiy, lie shall be paid tor his services
according to the piovi^ions of this ,vr," strike out the
word " heretofore," and insert "duringthe last six veais."
f> Insert at the end of the lolknvmg clause, viz : "When-
ever two or moie indictment-, suit-, or proceedings, are, or
shall be, prosecuted, which should be joined, the district
attorney prosecuting them shall be paid but one bill of costsi
tor them alt," the woids "and if any attorney, proctor, or
other person admitted to manage o> conduct causes in any
court of the United rttates, or of the Territories thereof,
shall appear to have multiplied the proceedings in any
e.xu&e bofoio court,so as to increase costs unie.isonablyand
vevatiously, such person may be required, by order of the
court, to satisfy any excess ot costs so increased."
b. In the following clause, viz: "For entering any re-
turn, rule, order, continuance, judgment, decree, or recog-
nizance, drawing any bond, or making any record, certifi-
cate, return, or icport, oi a copy of anv such entry or rec-
ord, oi of any paper on file, not exceeding one /olio, ten
cents, and for each additional tbho ten cents," insert after
the woid "report" the woid« "for each /oho fifteen
cents," and strike out the word "or," and insert "after
report," iri heu thereof, "and for."
7. After the following clause, viz: "For issuing a wnt
of subpena, twenty five cents," in-eit—
" Foi eveiy seauh l'or each mortgage, judgment, or other
lien, fifteen cents."
8. In the following clause, viz: "For tiavel m going
only to serve any process, warrant, attachment, or other
writ, including writs; of subpena in civil and criminal cases,
five cents per mile ; to be computed from the place of ser-
vice to the court or place vvheie the writ or process is re-
turned," Sec., strike out " five" and insert " six."
9. At the end of the following clause, viz: "For sales of
vessels or other property, under process in admiralty, or
undei the order of a com t of admiralty, and for receiving
and paying the money, for any sum under «i007 two and
one half per centum ; tor any larger sum, one and one quar-
ter pei centum upon the excess," add the following:
" For serving an attachment in rem, or ah Ix 1 in admiralty,
.<$•2; and the necesbaiy expenses of keeping boats, vessels,
or other property, attached or libeled in admiralty*, not ex-
ceeding $2 50 per day ; and in case the debt or claim shall
be settled by the parties, without a sale of the property, the
marshal shall be entitled to a commission of one per cent,
on t!ie first .$500 of the claim or decree, and one ball of one
per cent, on the excess ovei : Provided, That m case
the value of the property shall be less than the claim, then,
and m such case Mich commission shall be allowed only on
the appraised value thereof "
10. Strikeouttheiollcnvmg clause, viz : " For attendance
of each deputy, not to exceed three m numbet, by order of
the court, at any term thereof, per day for each day's
actual attendance, and for traveling from hi- residence to
the place of holding court, ten cents per mile for going only;
said deputy performing the duty of ericr while so attending,
for which no additional compensation shall be allowed,"
and insert in heu the following, viz:
" The respective courts o! the United States shall appoint
criers for their courts, to be allowed the sum of $2 per day;
and the marshals are hereby authouzed to appoint such a
number of persons, not exceeding five, as the judges of their
respective courts shall detenmne, to attend upon the giand
and other juries, and for otnei necessary purposes, who shall
be allowed for their semces the sum of $2 per day, to be
paid by, and included m the accounts of the marshal, out
of any monev ot the United States in his hands. The com-
pensation to be given only for actual attendance; and when
