1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
411
Mr. HOUSTON. I move to take up House
bill No. 46, to provide for carrying into effect, in
further part, the twelfth article of the treaty with
Mexico, concluded at Gaudalupe Hidalgo.
The motion was agreed to, and the bill was read
as follows:
Beit enacted, 3c.,That the sum of $3,180,000 be, and the
same is hereby appropriated out of any money in the Treas-
ury not othervvis-e appropriated, for the payment of the in-
stallment and interest, which will fall due on the 30th of
May, 185*2, under the twelfth aiticle of the treaty between
tin; UniUid States and Mexico, made and concluded at
Guadalupe Hidalgo, on the 2d of February, 1848.
The CHAIRMAN stated the question pending
to be upon the amendment of the gentleman from
California [Mr. Marshall] to the amendment of
the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Johnson.]
The amendment of Mr. Johnson, of Tennessee,
was read as follows:
" And that saul sum be paid over to the proper authorities
ot Mexico by the Secretary of the Treasury of the United
States under the supervision of the President."
The amendment of Mr. Marshall, of Califor-
nia, to the amendment was read as follows:
" Protided, That the President may cause the pajment
to be made at sneh time and in snob manner as will be most
acceptable to the Government of Mexico."
Mr. MEADE demanded tellers upon the ques-
tion, bat they were not ordered.
The question was then taken on the amendment
to the amendment, and it was rejected.
The question then recurred upon the adoption
of the amendment of the gentleman from Tennes-
see, [Mr. Johnson',] and being taken, it was de-
cided in the negative.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. CLINGMAN. If there is no amendment
pending, I move that the committee do now rise
and report the bill to the House.
Mr. DISNEY. I desire to offer the following
amendment:
u To be paid in a manner conformably to the request of
the Mexican Government."
Mr. Chairman, I am by no means prepared to
say what I should like to say, but I feel I could
not permit the opportunity to pass without stating
distinctly to the House and to the country my
views with regard to this matter; and my present
purpose is, upon some future occasion, when I
shall have time and opportunity, to elaborate the
matter. I desire now simply to state, in the time
allotted to me, that the correspondence submitted
to the House, under the resolution of the House,
has substantiated the charges before this commit-
tee. And. I now, standing in my place as one of i
the representatives of the American people, dis-
tinctly and specifically arraign the present Admin-
istration, at the bar of the public opinion of this
interests intrusted to their care. 1 arraign it for
wronging the Treasury of the Republic out of a
large sum of money which might have been saved
to it by agreeing to the proposition of the Mexi-
can Government for the payment at some place in
the United States of the money due to her. I arraign
them for disregaiding that comity, which should
exist among all the nations of the earth, but par-
ticularly between our Government and the Gov-
ernment of the Republic of Mexico at this peculiar
time, and by the disregard of which this Admin-
istration has not only injured the monetary inter-
ests of this country, but they have given a blow
to its political interests in the future. The corre-
spondence submitted to this House shows that
with Mexico this has been a most important mat-
ter. The Mexican Minister was instructed to
press it to the very verge, but to abstain from
actually giving offence. To Mexico it was indeed
important. Mr. Webster admits that the request
was made, and he admits, too, that he promptly
refused to listen to it,—a refusal which, in view
of the anxiety of the Mexican Government, must
hereafter be deleterious to the political interests of ;
this country, not only in relation to the general in- :
terests which may arise between the two Repub-
lics, but particularly in reference to a right of way,
and the establishment of convenient communica- :
tions between our fellow-citizens upon this shore j
and those upon the Pacific shore. For already !
we see the fact announced in the public prints
that a proposition is pending upon the part of the
Mexican Government to grantanght of way to
the direction, care, and management of England.
I therefore say that I arraign this Administra- t
tion for willfully and without justification, per- j
mitting the best interests of the country to be i
sacrificed by subjecting the Government of Mex-
ico to the cupidity of British bankers, and to the
political influence of our rival, England. And
what is the justification? Whv, the wretched,
miserable plea, thnt the terms of the treaty having
fixed the time, mode, and place of payment, it was
not competent for the Executive to alter it,—a plea
utterly untenable. And here permit me to say,
that no man on earth would saucily flout the re-
ceipt of acquittance in the face of a foreign Min-
ister who should come forward with a reclamation
for money paid under such circumstances.
But, independent of the argument which I think
will be found to be perfectly irresistible, a single
fact shows the insufficiency of the plea put for-
ward by the Secretary of State. We had it au-
thoritatively announced a few days since, by the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means,
that a part of the very first payment was made
by the Government, not in gold and silver, as the
terms of the treaty required, but in ordnance.
Again, in the case of the man Forstall, who, upon
one occasion, advanced some hundred thousand
dollars 
[Here the Speaker's hammer fell.]
Mr. HOUSTON. I would say a word to cor-
rect an erroneous impression in the mind of the
gentleman from Ohio. I intended to say on a for-
mer occasion—but I do not remember the precise
language I used—but the idea I intended to convey
was, that the arms were disposed of and the pro-
ceeds were applied to the payment, in part, of the
installment; and the records will so appear. 1
say the amendmentof the gentleman ought not to
be adopted.
Mr. DISNEY. I care nothing about the amend-
ment.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman says he cares
nothing about the amendment, and therefore I do
not wish to consume any time in discussing it.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I propose to
amend the amendment as follows:
Provided it impose no additional expense upon the United
States.
Mr. J. said: It seems the conclusion is foregone,
and that this House, with the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means at its head, is
determined to indorse the course pursued by the
Secretary of State.
Mr. HOUSTON. Not at all.
Mr. JOHNSON. One thing that we have been
complaining of, and considered to be wrong, is,
that the Secretary of State should go on, in advance
of an appropriation being made by Congress, and
make a contract with a set of bankers for the pay-
ment of money, that he did not know whether the
Congress of the United States would appropriate
a dollar to meet or not. This we assume to be
wrong, and as going beyond the legitimate duties
of the Secretary. But it seems to be the inten-
tion of this House, with the chairman of the
Ways and Means at itshead, that Mr. Webster's
course is to be indorsed. We are told, further-
more, in this discussion, and that, too, by the
chairman of the former Committee of Ways and
Means, that the Secretary of State authorized him
to say, that this proposition would not have been
accepted, in connection with Mr. Green, had the
Mexican Government agreed to pay twenty per
cent. Such a remark is contained in his printed
speech; and he was authorized to state it to this
House and tins country, that if this Government
could have realized twenty per cent, by this oper-
ation, that this Secretary would not have accepted I-
it. What is the conclusion to be drawn from this 1
declaration, which the chairman of the committee
was authorized to announce to this country? Is
not the conclusion clear and irresistible in regard
to the Secretary of State, that " I have made an
arrangement with my friends, by which I can be
benefited, or by which my friends can be bene-
fited, and which cannot be departed from, notwith-
standing some persons may come forward and
offer twenty per cent, for the privilege of transact-
ing this business?" I say these facts ought to be
known to the country. With all these facts be-
fore us—the making of this contract in advance of
any law making an appropriation, and without
even kowing whether this House would take upon
itself the high responsibility of refusing to make
the appropriation—we are called upon to indorse
these high-handed measures. I say for one—and
I speak irrespective of party—I intend to give my
vote against such proceeding, emanating from
what quarter it may.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I had not designed
to say anything; more about this matter, and am
very reluctant to do it now. The gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Johnson] says that 1 had been
authorized to inform this House that if this offer
of Dull Green had proposed to have given us
twenty per cent., it would not have been accepted.
So I was. But the gentleman undertakes to infer
from that, that it establishes that Mr. Webster,
having made a contract with his friends, would
not have varied that contract even though the
Government would be greatly benefited thereby.
Did not 1 inform this Ho.-se, at the same time,
that it was Mr. Webster's opinion that he had no
legal authority to accept the^e terms? That was
Mr. Webster's opinion. It is my opinion, and I
venture to say would be the opinion of nineteen
twentieths of the Congress of the United Stares,
who would look at the subject. Is the Secretary of
State, the President, or the Secretary of theTreus-
ury authorized to accept these drafts? Have
they any other authority than the authority con-
ferred upon them by the Constitution and the law ?
I ask, where is the law upon the statute-book
authorizing the Secretary of Slate, or the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, or anybody else, to accept
these drafts from the Mexican Government?
Why, sir, a transaction more void of authority it
is impossible to conceive of than the idea that the
Secretary of State is to accept drafts upon our
Treasury, in absence of law specifically to author-
ize it. There is no authority authorizing him to
doit. Is he an independent power? Has he any
right without authority of law to bind our Treas-
ury or commit our Government in a moneyed
transaction? Why, sir, it is nothing but the re-
spect I feel for some gentlemen who have enter-
tained such an idea, that prevents me from speak-
ing of it as one of the most monstrous propositions
I ever heard propounded in the American Con-
gress.
The question was then taken on the amendment,
and it was rjeeted.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, proposed the
following amendment:
Provided, That it shall not he inconsistent with the terms
of the treaty made between the two existing Governments.
Mr. JOHNSON. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia, in the conclusion of his remarks, informed
the House that it was merely out of respect to
some members that he did not speak of this prop-
osition in stronger terms. 1 do not know what
those terms would have been, other than what he
has generally given. In other words, he treats
the idea as being supremely ridiculous. Well,
sir, at this stage of the proceedings, I consider it
ridiculous and in violation of the law, of the
spirit and genius of the Constitution and the
treaty itself, for Mr. Webster to have made the
arrangement, and for him to come forward and
indorse it m advance of the appropriation by
law of the money. I assert that it is in violation
of law, and that Mr. Webster, nor anybody else
had the right to accept drafts upon the Treasury
when the money had not been appropiiated. But
is not it as just, as legal, and would it not be as
much in conformity with the treaty, to make the
arrangement through General Green, or the Mexi-
can Minister, with the Mexican Government, as
through the Barings & Brothers, in advance of the
appropriation of the money? Most unquestion-
ably it would. And how do the facts stand?
There was an attempt to make nn arrangement
with Mr. Clayton, when he was the Secretary of
State, for the payment of this money: and what
did he say upon the subject? He said that in ad-
vance of an appropriation by Congress, he did
not feel authorized to make any arrangement.
Thus far the position is true. But if we could
make an arrangement with one class of individu-
als m anticipation of the appropriation, could we
not make an arrangement with another class? It
is a mere matter of discretion—of the exercise of
the judgment of the parties authorized to make
the payment. How does this matter stand? Here
is a negotiation going on, and suppose the money
was appropriated, as it was proposed to be, some
twelve months ago, could not the Treasurer of the
United States accept a draft drawn by the proper
authorities of Mexico, and pay money upon that
draft as well as upon a diaft drawn by anybody else?
Oh! but the gentleman seems to think otherwise.
