1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1323
steam-ships may be built, which would pass, un-
harmed, materially, any fort.
Steam-ships may, undoubtedly, be built, which,
with aid from die tide, may attain a-speed exceed-
ing twenty miles per hour. Such a vessel, in six
minutes, might approach and pass any of your i
forts, at.night, without being disabled. One such !
steam-vessel, -moored in New York bay, might |
kindle that great-city into flames, and, screaming |
the proud note of triumph, leave it a heap of smo- i
king ruins. Nothing could prevent such a catas- I
trophe. Be assured,Senators, and let our fellow- j
citizens everywhere be assured, thatnothmg could j
prevent such a catastrophe, in the event of a war :
with a great naval Power, but a steam floating bat- \
tery, such as that contemplated by the plan of Mr. j
Stevens—indestiuctible, shot and shell-proof, and. j
bearing an armament consisting of such guns, a ;
single shot from which would be sufficient to dis- j
able the most powerful man-of-war now launched. :
One such vessel would be sufficient to defend New j
York harbor from any force which could possibly
enter it. It would combine the impregnable qua!- ,
ittes possessed by stone and mortar fortifications
with the advantages belonging to ships of war for
locomotion. The mere knowledge, by any ene-
my, that a harbor enjoyed (he protection of such
a formidable protector, would be sufficient to deter
them from hazarding an experimerrt-ofits omnip-
otence. v -
Now, sir, it seems to me, when one of the most
accomplished engmeeis and naval architects of
America is willing to construct a war-ship for har-
bor defense, that we ought, without hesitation, to
avail ourselves of his skill and enterprise for such
a purpose.
Mr. Stevens is a gentleman of the highest at-
tainments in those pursuits, to which, with hered-
itary passion, he has devoted the greater part of
his life: He is a gentleman of large' fortune, and
of reputation, He is not an ordinary speculator,
seeking a job of Government, but a high-minded,
patriotic gentleman, who, from elevated and pub-
lic considerations, and not from motives of pecu-
niary profit, tenders his skill, science, and experi-
ence (unsurpassed, in his department, by those of
any one) to the service of the Government. He
is willing to connect his reputation with theNavy
of the country. He has acquired, by long years
of experience and expensive experiments, a dex-
terity and felicity in design and execution m nau-
tical architecture, which he is willing to place at
the disposal of the Government. He does not
want to make money out of you; but lie desires to
confer on the country the benefit of his superior
knowledge, whilst, at the same time, he identifies
His reputation with the naval history of the coun-
try.
He is the builder and proprietor of the yacht
Maria, which beat the America, which, under his
brother, Commodore Stevens, achieved that vic-
tory over all the naval chivalry of Great Britain —
a victory worthy to be enrolled with those other
glorious triumphs of American naval valor during
the war of 3812—which have done as much to ele-
vate the national character, and inspire confidence
and self-reliance in Ameiican prowess, as all your
campaigns on shore, from Canada, to the city of
the JVIontezunias.
The offer of such a man to render his skill avail-
able to the service of the country, ought to be met
with promptitude, alacrity, and liberality by the
Govern ment.
It is not proposed by Mr. Stevens to supersede
the "use of permanent local fortifications. No one
thinks of substituting any floating battery for
them. The floating steam battery which Mr. Ste-
vens has projected, is designed, not as a substitute,
but as an auxiliary to fortifications. They are fixed
and stationary, and invaluable at certain points,
where they command the channel of ingress for an
enemy. In passing such fortress, tire enemy, ex-
cept under favorable circumstances, may be de-
stroyed or crippled; yet there is no certainty in
any such result. In any such attempt by a pow-
erful fleet of war steamers, though some might be
destroyed, others would be very likely, under the
smoke raised by the broadsides from the fort and
its opponent, to force an entrance into the interior
harbor; then, without such a vessel as that con-
templated by the plan of Mr. Stevens, nothing
could prevent the most disastrous consequences.
Mr. Stevens's war steamer, after an enemy had
run the gauntlet of the Narrows, and become more
or less crippled, would move upon him,and inter- j
pose an effectual barrier to his" nearer approach. j
1 have the utmost confidence that Mr. Stevens
can accomplish all he proposes, if iie is met by this
Government in the proper spirit of fairness and
liberality. He is no visionary, but ,a practical
engineer and ship-builder, who has a high reputa-
tion at stake, and which he is willing to risk for
the benefit of the country. He is incapable'of
undertaking to perform what he knows to be im-'
practicable. 1 wili now read from a work just
published by the learned and accomplished-Pres-
ident of Columbia College, Mr. Charles King, in
regard to Mr. Stevens:
"The extent, variety, and value of Mr. It. L. Stevens's
labors and inventions in mechanics, should have more fit-
ting eommenjoniuon than can be#'von jj| any pacing notice
by one unskilled, as is the writei ot this, in the mechanic
arts. Yet he cannot tins allusion to Mr. Stevens to
go forth, without attempting at lea t to enumerate some, of
the many sei vices and ingenious inventions and appliances
ol that gentleman in steam, in "unnery, and jii mechanics.
From the time when a im-re boy, in he was zeal-
ously woiking in the machine shop at lloboken, up to the
passing hour, he has given Ins time, his faculties, and his
money, to what ma> be justly described as experimental
philosophy, and the Jesuits. have been ol great public ben-
efit. Ol <oine of them, the toiiowiug chronological record
may bear witness:
"1842. [laving contracted to build for the United S'ates
Government a large war steamei shot and shell pioorf', It. L.
Stevens built a steamboat at Hoidentown for the sole pur-
pose ot'cvpciunentmg on the form.- and curves of propeller
blades-, as compared with side-wbeels, and continued his j
e.\peinnents for many months, the result of which we may
yet hope to sec in an iron war steamer that will be invin-
cible, and s>o should be named. While occupied with this
de-ign lie invented about 1844, and touk a patent for, a
mode of tm mn<r a ste.im ship of vvai on a pivot, as it weie,
by means of a eio-s propeller near the stem, so that if one
battery were disabled, she might in an m&tant almost pre
sent the other.
'• ifc48. Tins year succeeded in advantageously using an-
thracite in fa>t passenger locomotives.
" 1849. Witnessed the j-uece^ful application of air under
the bottom of «ieamtr J.>hn Keilson, whereby fnction is
diminished, and *he has actually gone at the iate ol twenty
miles an hour ; this was the invention ot 11. L. Stevens anil
F. B Stevens. The John Nedson also has anoih< ringemous.
and effectual contiivanee of It. L. Stevens, first used in
184U, for preventing ill consequences from the foaming ol the
boiler. Jn conclusion oftlns dryand imperiect chronologi-
cal recital flf some of K. L- Stcven-'s conti ibutions to the
mechanic nit-*, to public convenience and national povvei,
as well as renown, it miM be added that Mr. Steven-* is
hims.-lt the nnubjler of all the ve^cH built bv or fot bun,
and that many of our fa^te-t yachts aie of his mouldimi;
and e.-peciaMy the Mat in, which beat without diflicuhv the
vietonou- jimei icu, winch in her turn can led the bioom at
her nia t bead thiougb the I?iiti.-h Channel, di-taneing all
competitors, as sue continues to do, 1 behave, undet her
new owner, in the Mediterranean.
" Oi tueh a man, not the mechanics onlj ofoui t ity, among
whom he has worked, and is well known, but the nation
may well be proud."
1 said that he had an "hereditary passion" for
those pursuits to which lie has devoted most of
his life, and here, sir, my State pride may be par-
doned, if 1 advert to the name of his honored
parent, to whose services in practical engineeiing,
mechanics, and other kindred departments, the
country owes a debt which it is too late to liqui-
date now.
Sir, John Stevens, of Hoboken, New Jersey,
was one of the most extraordinary men of his
age, so prolific of great men. He was the com-
peer of Fulton, and contributed his full piopor-
tion towards making steam that powerful locomo-
tive agent which it has become. Like Fulton and
Oliver Evans, he was in advance of the age in
which he lived. Near fifty years ago, he aston-
ished and confounded a committee of the New
Jersey Legislature, by the prediction that (lie time
would come when men would travel as fast as a
pigeon could fly. They would hear him no longer;
they turned from him with pity and incredulity;
they told him,as uFestus"told "St.Paul," "much
learning has made you mad." As he was in ad-
vance of his age in relation to the use of steam,
so he was in relation to railroads. These he used
experimentally in his work yards long before pub-
lic attention was directed to their importance. He
in vain solicited from the New Jersey Legislature
permission to connect the waters of the Delaware
and the Hudson, many years before the Legislature
would permit any such enterprise to be attempted.
He did as much, if not more, than any other man
to bring the steam-engine for locomotion to its
present perfection. When his history is written,
his name will rank with the names of Franklin,
Fulton,Fitch,and Rittenhouse,amongthegreatest
benefactors of his country, and the human race.
His genius and his fondness for practical engineer-
ing, he has transmitted to his sons, who are among
the most eminent men, in their vocatidn, of which
this or any other country can boast. It is for
Congress now to say, whether this Government
shait avail itself of the services of such men, in'
constructing just such vessel# for national'defense '•
as the necessities of the naval'serviVe require.
Had this-GovernmenC taken by the hand Fulton*
and John Stevens fifty year^ago, there is po tej(- • '
ing how far we might now h(iv-e been, ir^.advan^e
of our rivals in many important elements of na-
tional power.
The proposition now submitted to'yoti is inti- -
mately connected with the national defense, and
the growth and efficiency of your Navy; and I
avail myself of the opportunity to make some
general remarks on that subject. - • "
Sir, the recent victories of your armies' seem to
have obscured somewhat the splendoi;-of your
naval achievements. I entertain no apprehension,
however, that the country will ever undervalue the
importance of the Navy, as a suie i.eliance for the
protection of the national honor and the vindica-
tion of national injuries. You are destined—(ex-
cuse the word)—but if you continue a united-peo-
ple you will be compelled—to become the greatest
naval power which the world ever saw. let,ap-
parently appalled at the expense to b? inclined "in
any attempt to rival the- lavish expenditures of
England and France on their navies, we seem to
have been embarrassed as to what was 'the true
course to be pursued. Steam has, as you have
often been told, revolutionized, war upon the ocean.
The leviathan ships with which Nelson annihilated
the navy of Napoleon at the Nile and Trafalgar,
are no longer invincible.
I have long thought that fcheimprovementof our
steam marine has not received from the country
and from Congress that attention which'it deserves;
There can be iutle doubt, that we are atsthis mo-
ment more inferior, as a naval power,for purposes
of immediate defense, compared with the offensive
means possessed by other powerful nations, than
we were forty years ago; while England, France,
and Russia have, of late yeats, vied with each
other in the creation of a formidably steam Navy,
we have been standing by comparatively passive.
In die Admiralty Navy-list of 1850 of Great Brit-
ain, is found one hundred and fifty war steamers,
and she is constantly buildingand launchingothers.
In addition to these, she has between sixty and
seventy mercantile steamers capable of being con-
verted into war steamers, and whose war equip-
ments are all prepared. In further addition, shte
has upwards of eight hundred steamers capable of
furnishing formidable assistaneefor coast defense.
France, since 1815, has never lost sight of the
importance of maintaining a navyf she is next
after England, now the greatest na'val power of
the world. She had at tshe commencenfent of the
present year one hne-of-battle ship of ninety guns,
with screw propeller; fourteen steam-frigates,
mounting from eight to sixteen guns of heavy
ordnance, and many others of smaller size. We
shall have in the Navy of this great Republic—in
the Navy of a country whose people,and patriots,
and statesmen, (some'of them,) are ready to dic-
tate a new code of laws for the nations of the
earth, and to throw a fire-brand into Europe, re-
gardless of all consequences, war, or no war—I
say, sir, we shall have in our .Navy, when com*
pleted, five steam-frigates and one steam-sloop,
mounting from six to ten guns. Sir, we had bet-
ter be prepared for a fight before we attempt to
bully. This disparity between our naval steam
force and that of other Powers is growing greater
every year. Yet the tonnage of the United States
engaged in foreign or domestic commerce, if we
include that of our lakes and large rivers, is about
equal to that of Great Britain, and far exceeds
that of France or Russia.
Now, these three facts being ascertained—first,
our defenseless condition; second* the disparity of
our naval power compared with that of the other
great powers; third, the eijuahty or superiority
of our mercantile tonnage; it becomes a question
of great magnitude, what policy is it proper
for us to adopt, so as to guard against immense
and incalculable losses, in case a sudden war
should break out with any of the great Po.wers. ^
My mind has been anxiously directed, to this
subject for many years, and I*avail myself-of this
occasion to throw out- a few Other suggestions in
relation to it.
; This gigantic species of warfare it is utterly use-
