13 ii
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 113
less -and impracticable, any cost, to wage with
the old-fashioned ships-of-the-line and frigates,
indeed, Such vessels would only be built and sailed
for the.benefit of the enemy. In the present mi-
proved condition of naval tactics and steam su-
periority of Great Britain, there can be no doubt
that we'mnsUake n§w observations; a new lati-
tude arid departure, if we expect to protect our
own shores. "We must buifd a sufficient number
bf War steamers which shall exceed any which
she may have built: first, in celerity; second, in
their invulnerability; and third, in their superior
destructive .qualities.
We must build vessels which, in speed and
' narv atid rapid voyages on. record. She has also brought
: one" of the most valuable cargoes of tea that, per.iaps, ever
1 entered the portot London, having on board no fewer man
nineteen thousand chests of the choicest quality, telle
is nearly fourteen hundred tons burden, the &ize of our
largest Indiamen, and was buiUat Salem, Massachusetts, m
the course of last year. She proceeded to California, thence
to Hong Kong, and sailed from Whampoa, near Canton, on
the 5th or January; made the pass-age to Javam seven davs
and twelve hours, then had the wind W. S. W. to N. W.
for several days, with light trade-wind, and made the Cape
in twenty-nine days. Then encountered strong easterly
winds ftom the Western Islands, and took a pilot oil tne
Dungenesson the4th of April,making a passage i'-om China
to the Downs in ninety days, a trip sui passing the calibrated
runs of the Oriental and Surprise, American clippers. Had
she not encountered the strong easterly winds up the Chan-
nel," stic would have accomplished the voyage =e /eral uayr
power
e    ... , ...    , w
ill enable one of ours to cope with halt !• earlier. As it wa<, bhe was only four days bcaung up
a dozen.of hers; vessels, any one of which would
* be sufficient to -enter any of her harbors, and sail
through or around any of her fleets.
...Nov/, Mr. President, all this is neither imprac-
ticable nor difficult; and in Mr. Stevens you will
find not the anly American engineer and naval
mechanic who can accomplish this great object.
"We have the coal and iron, and all the raw ma-
terials which will enable us, with the aid of all the
experience obtained by England and France in
steam naval architecture, to commence, now, effi-
cient steps, far the creation of a steam navy fully
equal to-anything riow afloat.
But, sir, for. this purpose you must adopt an
entirely new system of constructing your national
vessels. By this I do not mean to reflect on the
constructors in the Navy;.by no means. All of
them whom I have known would favorably com-
pare with other naval architects; especially, sir,
would 1 place no one ahead of the able and accom-
plished naval constructor in Washington, Mi.
Le'nthal. You must appeal to the emulation of fill
the naval mechanics of the United States, bo as j
to draw out the utmost capacity of that sagacious, '
Bkillful, and enterprising class.
You must invite them all to enter the field of !
competition. 1 do not see why, by the olTer of a
bonus for each separate class of war steamers pro-
portioned to the magnitude of each vessel, or by
some other plan similar m principle, you should
not make available all the skill possessed by any
of our American mechanics for the purposes of
the Government. They are superior to those of
any other nation. I have some knowledge of, and
entire confidence in the genius, the enterpi ise, and
indomitable superiority of the American mechanic
and artisan. My avocations and favorite pursuits
have brought me into personal, familiar, and confi-
dential contact with thenl. I honor and respect
them; and I speak with a confidence founded on
knowledge, when I say that they are superior to
those of any nation or ug'c; and I say, furthermore,
that tiie interests of our country in all those great i
pursuits in which we are most closely pressed i
with the rivalship of other nations, enjoying the I
benefit of cheap labor and moie abundant capital, •
may be safely intrusted to their hands. But the)) j
you must give them the advantages whh'h our own !
resources supply m the cheap raw materials of j
coal and iron. This you can readily do. You j
have only to adopt the home valuation, or to assess j
your present ad valorem duty on the actual sales in 1
this country. By doing this you wiil violate no j
principle of the Constitution, no precept of the 1
resolutions of j798. You will only be o!.eying j
the dictates of an enlarged patriotism. Do but |
-this, and you will rekindle your for^e fires, and i
reopen your workshops, and our constituents in j
New Jersey and Pennsylvania, and all over the [
country, will once more hear the merry ring of the [
anvil. f Do but this, and no foreign war steamer, ;
nor English, nor French, nor Russian will scream j
the hoarse notes of defiance on your coast or in j
your harbors. Do but this, and you will put a
fulcrum in the hands of the American mechanics I
by means of which they will move the world.
'Sir, ihat they are superior has been proved over ;
and over again: let the following extracts from a
newspaper received this.morning be added to the
. fiom the chops of the Channel to reaching the liver, while
I some of our large vessels were nearly a fortnight doing tne ;
j distance. The Witch of the Wave is the object ot much i
■ interest she lies in the dock. Her bows are similar to a I
I lar*e-sized cutter yacht. By the above it will b- seen that ;
1 she sailed round the world m ten months and a hall, inelud- ;
' ing loading and discharging at the above ports. The great- 1
1 est distance she ran in twenty-four hours, on the voyage to
'! London, was three hundred and thirty-eight miles." |
: ' Another paragraph is in these words: ;
; Gtuite a sensation has been created in the Enphsh com- .
p in'Tcial world by the arrival of the American clipper-ship .
j| Witch of the Wave, at London, aftei a lun ot ninety j
ij-days fi am Canton to the Downs—the shortest passage on ,
i ieeord. Up to tins period the'British have retained a nom-
! i inal advantage in the navigation, o! this route, one o( their
j! traders having accomplished the distance in a few davs
! i shorter than any Amenoan or other eratt; hut by tins recen. ;
achievement ot one of our clipper fleet, their last dream of
fancied supeiiority has been dispelled.|
And another is as follows :
'♦The Yacht America in Parliament.—Colonel Peel,
in a recent iUsui^moii ot the Navy estimates, m the British .
j House ot Common*, took occasion to express hissurpnse
ihsit not one word had been said in reference to the encum-
i •«tauce of a Joreign yacht having come to England, and, in
i the pi ounce of the Uueen hei^eif, beaten some ot the ciack
, English sailing vo^s-el-* ! That, Colonel Peel--aid appeared
■ to him a deeply-huunhruin<r event. She was an American
| yacht, and was described as ' the lace-hoiseot tlie ocean.'
] Colonel Peel coule^cd that he was wholly ignorant of nauti-
cal matters, although he was conversant with the pastime
of home tactng, and he tlaticrs hiuwlt that he could appre-^
ciafe such an (\\pieshion as the ' blue nbbon of the turf,'
a* uW bv Mr. D'Ssiaeli. Whatever nncht be the sailing
qua hues ot the American yacht. Colonel Pec! declared that
if Mich a defeat had been sustained by the English sailing
vessels at the I?le of Wight, there was not a tiue sportsmau
m England but would go to any expense to iceover back
the lost lauiels. Colonel Peel stated that it was pattolhis
• but what became
gation, while I represent a Democratic State, to
faithfully adhere to the Democratic standard of
faith. But surely no one can justly accuse me of
not being true to the Democratic party, while I
act in accordance with the often-decJai ed princi-
ples of Andrew Jackson, and of old Democratic
Pennsylvania. There is nothing in the Democratic
creed which forbids encouraging the ptomO^
tjon of that which is essential.to national defense.
Democracy, in my estimation* docs not consist in
giving or withholding a per cent, above or below
the average revenue duty, (rod help the Democ-
racy measured by-such a standard! With me, it
is the first duty which I acknowledge to provide
for the national defense. It was this elevated view
of his duty which impelled the great Chatham to
say that he would not permit America to manu-
facture a-hob-nail. Sir," 1 hope the period is not
distant when the cheapness of American iron and
coal will not permit Gieat Britain to manufacture
a hob-nail for us, or for any market where we can
compete with them on equal terms. Democracy,
as I understand, has more immediate reference to
the construction of the powers of the Government
rather than to the fluctuating policy of d.scrimma-
ting respecting the imposition ot duties. Ihat
must be controlled by questions of expediency—-
by the changing modifications ot tne commercial
and restrictive policy of other countiies. But it
is in the construction of the puwers of the Govern-
ment where Democracy has proved itself the bul-
wark of the Constitution and the Union. When
the reign of terror was upon them—when the
fathers of the Democratic party saw, under the rule
of the elder Adams, the rights of the Stales endan-
gered, and everything tending to the consolidation
of all power in this central government, they pro-
mulgated what I have always considered, since i
have directed my mind to political subjects, as the
true standard of Democratic faith. 1 allude loathe
Virginia and Kentucky resolutions of '98 and '99.
Sir, I know that it is a custom with some politi-
cians to indulge in sneers in relation to those reso-
lutions, and to taunt those who respect them with
bemg abstractionists,impracticable®, and dreamy
theorists.
Sir, 1 care little what terms—whether Federal-
ist, State-Rights, or Abstractionist, are applied to
me; but I will say what 1 believe, at the hazard of
mus-t stnely
Peel's remark* were icceived with crics ot
heai, hear.'
I have alluded to those great source?! of national
wealth, iron and coal, and as they are so intimate-
ly connected with the deiense of the country, a
few more words in relation to them may not be
amiss. It has been those ptoduots of her soil
winch lias chieily made Great .Britain what she is,
or was. These enabled her to figut the battles of
despotism io Europe. These were the conquerors
ot a Napoleon. They are indispensable for defense,
if not for national exigence. The nation winch
possesses them in the greatest abundance, and can 1
produce them the cheapest, must excel ail others.
They are infinitely mure important now, as ele-
ments of national greatness and power,_ than ever j
before. The race of competition in this age, be-
tween civiiized nations, depends upon their respect- ,
ive facility for the use of steam. Steam on the i
ocean is to fi^ht the battle of supremacy there; and ,
steam on land, in the factory, and on the railroad, I
is to decide the question of superiority in all the ;
diversified pursuits of human life.
Sir, we should look to them; we have them in ,
abundance. There, in the mountains of my own _
native State, and of her neighbor and sister, old
Democratic Pennsylvania, aie. the weapons wuh
which alone your victory can be achieved. There '
are the materials from which your thunderbolts
must be fabricated. There is the armory from
which to clothe your warriors in an invincible
panoply. Strike the rocks of these pregnant
mountains, and streams of victorious legions will
proofs. It heo been proved by our clippers, I1 come forth at your bidding. There slumber the
whose unparalleled voyages round the world have
recently astonished Europe. It has been proved
by the speed and superiority of the Collins line of
steamers; and it has been proved by the glorious
victory of the yacht America:
k<&uick Passage of the Witch of the Wave.—One
ofthe London papers says; A latge Amcjican clipper built
ship, named the Witch of the Wav.\ Captain Milieu, com-
mander, has recently arrived in the East India Docks, Lon-
don, from Canton, having made one of the most extraordi- n
unforged fetter-- of the seas. You have but to
fabricate them from the materials there abounding,
and you may fling your chains upon Old Ocean's
mane at will, and then you will need no bulwarks,
no towers along the steep
_cht, and least of all has the other any terror.
will not say of popularity what Home Tooke
said, that if it was to come m my way "1 would
kick it out of my way," but I will say, that I trust
I shall always have courage enough, of whatever
sort may be" needful, to despise any popularity,
purchased by any dereliction of principle or any
sacrifice of personal honor or independence.
But, si:', the resolutions of '99 and '99 ! the res-
olutions ! i have to s.iy of them that, in my opin-
ion, they ore the most valuable legacy, next after
the Constitution, which the early patriots of the
Republic have bequeathed to the country. They
have, in my opinion, done more to pieseive the
Constitution from infraction, and to keep thi 
Government within its limits, than any other pro-
duction of political wisdom from the day of their
origin to this time. They have been the touch-
stone by which wild niul visionary theories have
been tested, and found to bo valueless or danger-
ous. They have been light-houses along the
stormy shoals and breakers of politics—warning
us of the only safe and smooth channel of naviga-
tion for the Ship of State.
{ know well that their enemies have pretended
to find in them the germ of nullification^ But, sir,
I perceive no such dangerous heresy in any of
them. 1 see in them a plain, common-sense, prac-
tical scheme for the administration of this Govern-
ment,—a scheme by means of which the Imon
and the Constitution may be preserved inviolate,
the rights of the States respected, and the Govern-
ment enabled to exercise all those national func-
tions designed to be performed by it; while u is
preserved and restrained within those barriers
with which it is invested by the Constitution.
Sir, as a citizen of a small State,, which has as
much to dread from a dissolution oi the Urnon as
> towers atony uie ai.ee j. , ^ — — ■ . . , t , 7
But 1 may be told, advocating the policy of en- :j any other State o. thus Confederacy, I acknow -
'Uragine tne pi emotion of the production of iron, edge my giatitude to the great men who piornu-
mi running counter to the mindi'les of mvpartv. i! «a.ted those doctrines, and to their disciples, w.io,
couragmg
I am running counter to the principles of my party.
Sir, I yield to no one in my sense of abiding obli-
gated
since that
time, have remained steadfast to the
