1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
13*25
Democratic principles they contain. Those are
the principles by which I would have my Democ-
racy estimated; by them i will coasider myself
bound; upon them and the Constitution a long
time ago 1 planted my standard." On the one side
is inscribed, " Slavery is no sin of ours;" on the
other side is written, 44The Wilmot proviso js un-
constitutional. "
Thus much, sir, I have felt bound to say in vin-
dication of myself, as well as of the Democracy-of
the patriotic State which sent me here, in relation
to tne encouragement of the product of iron.
" I hope I don't intrude," as Paul Fry said. X
hope that I have not interfered with the preroga-
tive of others—that I have not trespassed on the
premises either of Young America, or Old 
A Senator. Fogy.
Mr. Stockton hesitated; and, looking around
to see who addressed him, continued—
I thank you, sir; but my memory did not fail
me. No, sir; my tongue refused to utter the un-
gracious phrase—the instinctive power of my
heart forbade it. Thank God for the inspiration.
No, no, " Conscriptus pater"—I have, as an
American citizen, neither the heart to conceive nor
the tongue to speak any sentiment but that of the
greatest personal respect and the highest admira-
tion and appreciation of your long and -faithful
public services. May God prolong your life and
health and mind, and may the spirit of your coun-
try's gratitude rest upon you. -
.Mr. President, some time since, in another place,
I was as unexpectedly called upon as I have this
moment been to say a few words in commend-
ation of a distinguished public man. That was
put down explosion" and this may berecorded
as " explosion secondWell, sir, I can have but
little Left, and I propose now to finish the business
of blowing myself up by making this declaration
before the Senate and the country. Sir, I ac-
knowledge my responsibility to the national De-
mocracy with reference to national questions,
respecting the rights of the States and the powers
of this Government; but to New .Jersey alone 1
hold myself responsible with reference -to ques-
tions of a local or transitory character.
Mr. President, I am done; and if your able re-
porter will do me the justice which he has hereto-
fore done to myself and all others, why then, sir,
political quackery may-make the most of it.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 hope the joint resolution
will be laid over. I call for the consideration of
the special order of the day, and move that the
further consideration of this resolution be post-
poned until to-morrow.
Mr. STOCKTON. I do not think it will take
long to dispose of the resolution. I wish to have a
a vote on it. I hope the Senate will not postpone
it.
Mr. MANG-UM. If there be any intimation
on the part of any gentleman that he wishes to
continue the discussion, I certainly shall not object
to the postponement, for the deficiency bill ought
to be disposed of. This is a question in winch I
feel much interest. I investigated it some ten
years ago, when the original appropriation was
made, and I conceive it to be one of the happiest
conceptions of one of the ablest men that I have
ever known in this country, in respect to harbor
defenses—a man as highly gifted, and of as high
genius, as he is simple and pure in his conduct. I
shall vote with the honorable Senator from New
Jersey with a great deal of pleasure on this ques-
tion. I examined if, many years ago, and, with
all the aids and assistances that I could derive
from the most experienced gentlemen connected
with the naval service, I became perfectly satis-
fied that it was one of the happiest conceptions.
Mr. HAMLIN. I only desire to say that this
is a matter of much importance. I think the mo-
tion which has been made by the Senator from
Virginia is the appropriate one for this occasion.
This is a matter into which I should prefer to look
more carefully before I give my vote. I hope it
may be passed over.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
THE DEFICIENCY BILL.
The Senate resumed, as in Committee of the
Whole, the consideration of the bill from the
House of Representatives, entitled "An act to
supply deficiencies in the appropriations for the
service of the fiscal year ending the 30th of June,
lft52." The amendment of the Committee on
Finance, as it has been amended, is to insert the
following:
For additional compensation for increasing the transport-
ation of the United EStatea mail between New Yoik and
Liverpool, in the Collins line of steamers, to twenty-fix
trips per annum, at such tunes as snail be directed by the
Po«5tma&tei General, and in conformity to lus la^t annual
report to t'ongross, and hid letter ot tlie 15th of November
last, to the Secretary ot the Navy, commencing said-in-
creased service on the 1st of January, ]85*2, at the rate of
$33,000 per trip, m lieu of the piesent allowance, the ;=um
of $236,5Ui): Provided, That it shall be in the power oi
Congress, at any tune after the fust day of January, 1854,
to terminate the arrangement for any additional allowance
herein provided for.
The question pending is on the motion of Mr.
Mallory, to amend the amendment by adding:
ProvideJ, That the contract foi the tia:i>poitation ot the
said mail be and the same id hereby transferred from the
Navy to the Po«t Office Department.
Mr. BIIOOKE. Mr. President, I do not wish
to interfere with any Senator who desires to dis-
cuss this subject; nor do 1 intend, by any means,
to make a speech upon it, because I am aware
that I am notable to add any new facts, or to shed
any new light upon a subject that has been so ably
discussed as this has been. But, sir, 1 wish to
avail myself of the privilege that I have of ex-
plaining to my constituents, if to no one else, the
reasons why I shall be compelled, reluctantly, to
vote against the amendment of the Committee on
Finance.
This is a very important measure. It contem-
plates an annual imposition upon the Treasury of
at least $500,OOU, making all allowance for the
receipts that will be put into the Treasury from
the postages received. Not only does it propose
to entail upon the Treasury of the (Jmted States
In annual expense of half a million of dollars, but
a look upon it as the initiatory step, the entering-
wedge, to a system of mail steamers, to be sup-
ported by the munificence and bounty of the Gov-
ernment, the end of which no man can see. The
main objection I have to this amendment, or at
least the mam reason why I cannot now give it
my support, is, the extreme state of uncertainty
that exists in reference to the facts and figures on
which the demand for the appropriation is based.
Why, sir, statements have been made here one
day, which required explanation, and sometimes
an entire retraction on the next. There are no
certain dcJa upon which any Senator, as 1 think,
can vote understandingiy. I was struck with this
the other day, m the little discussion that arose
upon an amendment which I had the honor of
offering by way of a substitute for the amendment
of the committee. Prior to that, it had been rep-
resented that the amount of postages to be re-
ceived by the Collins lme would amply repay
and reimburse to the Treasury any outlay that
might be imposed by the amendment. Indeed,
this lme of steamers was, with a great deal of cer-
tainty, represented as a mine of wealth, richer far
than
" the wealth of Ormusand of Ind ;
Or where the goigeous JSast, with richest hand,
Showcison her kmgrf Barbaric pearl and gold."
To test the truth of this; to test the sincerity of
the gentlemen composing the company who own
this line, in the simplicity of my heart, I offered
an amendment, giving to them the entire postages
received from the mails; instead of the compensa-
tion proposed by the amendment of the committee.
Weil, sir, m a "single minute, aye, in a single sec-
ond of time, what had been a magnificent cer-
tainty dwindled down to an insignificant proba-
bility ! We were then told that it was by no
means ceitam that the postages accruing from the
line would reimburse the proprietors. Desiring
to accommodate myself, as far as possible, to the
wishes of my friends, I modified the amendment.
I then proposed to give the postages in addition to
the §385,000 now granted by law. In another
second this insignificant probability mounted up
again to a magnificent certainty,-and we were tola,
Oh ! this is too large: it is more than the line asks
for.
Another objection was made to my amendment,
and that was, that it would deprive Congress ot
all control of the postages. The Senator from New
Hampshire [Mr. Hale] objected, that, m the
course of time, Congress might wish to reduce the
postages between New York and Liverpool. Feel-
ing desirous of accommodating my amendment to
all demands, I modified it so as to reserve to Con-
gress the right to modify the postages. Immedi-
ately the objection was made from the other side
of the Chamber, that Congress, under the postal
treaty, had no power to reduce .the postages; So,
sir, in all my efforts to accommodate the amend-
ment to the different objections which prevailed in
the Chamber, I utterly failed. I could not^satisfy
the friends of the amendment of the committee by
any modification which I was willing to make to
my amendment, if I sat down* I was too,short;
if I stood up, I was too long;
As an instance of another uncertainty which
prevailed about the matter, I find in a publication
that was laid on my-desk, and, I presume, upon
the desks of all the ojther Senators upon this floor,
a statement in detail, giving credit-to the Collins
line of steamers for the sum of $58,675 59, as the
sum earned by them for the Government, after
giving the Government credit for the appropriation
that has been made for them. - '
I admit that in tlie details of this'statement, it
is Bhown that a large amount of this postage is due
to the Cunard line; or, mother words, that a,large
amount of this postage was earned by the Cunard
line; but, as very few people ever read the figures
in detail, while most look only to the general re-
sults, m order to* save themselves the trouble, I
say that this statement is deceptive-, since it gives"
credit to the Collins line, not only for the whole
amount received by the Collins, but by the Cun-
ard line. The aggregate amount received from
postages by these lines from the 27th of April,
1850, up to the 31st of March, 1852, which ap-
pears to have been derived from the establishment
of this line of steamers, is $828,675 59, and the
net gain is put down at-$58,675 59. ' I repeat that
although in the detailed statement, in the figures
that follow, due credit is given to tne Cunard line,
yet in the general result as given.in this pamph-
let, the whole credit is given to the Collins line of
steamers. I adduce these figures to show the er-
roneous impressions which the facts and figures
brought forward by the friends of this amendment
are calculated to make upon the public mind; be-
cause, as 1 said, when this comes before the pub-
lic, not one in a thousand will look at the figures
and examine them in detail, but they will look
only at the general result, and that,, as stated in
this pamphlet, is a deceptive one.
Another objection which I have to this amend-
ment is, that l'amnot satisfied from the statements
which its supporters have made here, that this
additional appropriation is necessary. We are
told, in round numbers, that the expense of a trip
of one of these steamers from New York to Liv-
erpool is §>65,215. Now, before we should be
called upon to vote away this large amount of
money, it seems to me that it is the duty of this
company, or of its friends upon this floor, not
only to iurnish us with the gross amount of-ex-
pense, but also with a detailed statementof all the
expenses. -It is furnished to us here merely in a
lump, and I expect to show, m a few moments,
that this statement, short as it is, is full of errors;
and from one error we can learn the rest. ' •
In the first place, it is stated that the average
cost of each voyage, for the wages of crew and
their provisions, is $8,845 04. The <"ost of fuel is
^8,612 28; repairs to machinery $4,571 90; aver-
age of extras &4,643; ordinary expenses, including
carpenters and joiners, port charges, sail' makers,
light and dock dues, passengers' provisions, and
waiters, and othe.r necessaries, $12,762-73; insu-
rance $8,904 64; interest $8,438; deterioration, at
seven per cent, per annum, $8,438*, making a total
of $65,215 59. Thus, sir, the whole amount of
cost per voyage is put down at $65,215.
Now, I am told that one of these vessels can
average one trip a month. Then, sir, the annual
expense of one of this Collins line of steamers,
according to this estimate, will amount to the
enormous sum of §783,000. Sir, I do not think
that this will do to tell to the marines, much less
to a sailor. I do not believe a marine would credit
it. That amount, I believe, is a little over the cost
of building one of these vessels. And are we to
be told that the annual expense of running these
vessels is more than their original cost? I cannot
believe it, nor will I believe it until T see a more
explicit statement than that which has been fur-
nished here by the secretary of this company.
But, sir, if I understand the matter fully,-thisis
r.ot all. It does not stop here; but this estimate is
furnished as a basis for future action. Look at
that estimate. It. contains]an item for ordinary
repairs of machinery of $4,571 per trip! It con-
