1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
413
understood, I will accommodate the gentleman
from New York in a few minutes. I will with-
draw it, as in tlffet connection it makes no sense at
all, and as it was misunderstood by the Chair.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment to the amendment was rejected.
Mr. CARTTER,. I now propose to amend the
amendment, if it is in order, so that it will read,
il in pursuance of the request of the Mexican
Government."
Mr. BROOKS. I do not want to interrupt the
gentleman  
Mr. CARTTER. If this does not allow dis-
cussion, I do not want to discuss it. I wish to
ascertain the fact, whether it brings up my right
to discuss the merits of the amendment itself.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chan* thinks that,
under the rules, the gentleman from Ohio will be
confined to the explanation of his amendment—
the words " in pursuance of the request of the
Mexican Government"—that is, as to the pro-
priety of inserting his amendment into that of his
colleague; but, m the opinion of the Chair, it
does not open the merits of the whole question on
the original bill, because the resolution terminating
debate says, the debate upon the bill shall termi-
nate.
Mr. DISNEY. I would inquire respectfully of
the Chair, what are the merits of the main ques-
tion pending?—if there is anything else involved,
but simply to make this appropriation of three
millions of dollars?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would answer
the gentleman, that the question of propriety of
paying this money is, perhaps, not now before the [
committee for discussion; upon that the House i
have ordered the termination of debate. Now, it I
is to the amendment pending, offered by the gen- j
tleman himself, and to the amendment of his col-
league, that the rule requires he should confine I
himself to an explanation of. (
Air. CARTTER. In explanation of the sense '
of the expression, "in pursuance of the request '
of the Mexican Government," I was proceed- I
ing to remark—and I shall confine myself to j
that point, for I do not wish to discuss anything j
else—that it raised before this House the imm^le :
issue, whether we would consult the will of%pfe>3'!
ico in this payment, or whether we would consult1
the directions given by the Secretary of State. I
Now, unless there was some sinister reason—un- \
less there was some selfish consideration entering '
into and foiming the quo ammo, with which the
Secretary of State seeks to defeat the will of the j
Mexican Government in the receipt of this money,
I hold thnf he would consult that will. The very
fact that he turns his back upon it—the very fnct
that he disregards the expressed will of that
Government, brings to light the inevitable sus-
picion 
Mr. BROOKS, (interrupting.) I rise to a point
of order. I have no objection to this discussion
GoiYi& on- 
Mr. CARTTER. Go ahead and state your
point of order.
Mr. BROOKS. My point of order is this.
There is an amendment submitted by the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Disney,] that the money
shall be paid " conformably with the wishes of the .
Mexican Government." The amendment sub-
mitted by the other gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Cartter] is, to strikeout " conformably with,"
and insert " pursuant to." My point of order is,
that the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Caktter]
should show the reason for striking out " con-
formably with," and inserting "pursuant to,"
and that his whole argument should be directed to
that oV }ect, and to that only.
Mr. CARTTER. That means that my argu-
ment must be strictly technical.
The CHAIRMAN. The 34th rule provides:
" No member shall occupy more than one houi in debate
on anv uuo-tion m the Itou-p, or in committee; but a
member ippo-tins the undw oon-ideiation jjom a
committee mav open and elo^e the debate : Provided, I fiat
where debate i* closed bv outer of the llon-e, any member
>lri!l be allowed, xn committee, five minute- to explain anj
amendment lie mm offer, aftei wlncll any member who
shall fir-t obtain the liotn shall be allowed to speak live
minute.-; in opposition to it, and there shall be no tuither
debate on the amendment; but the same privilege of debate
shall be allowed in favor of and against any amendment
that may be oiteiecf to the amendment.''
The Chair thinks, as he before stated, that un-
der the rule the gentleman must confine himself to
an explanation of his amendment.
Mr. CARTTER. Will the JChair be good
enough to give me the limitation within which I
must confine my remarks? I do not exactly com-
prehend it. The question raised in my own mind
is, whether I am confined to a literal explanation
of the words, or whether I may discuss the sense
of my amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that the
gentleman's explanation, to be within the rule,
must be to show to the committee the difference
between the words "in pursuance of," and " con-
formably with,"and to give reasons why the words
he moves to insert should be adopted in place of
those used in the amendment ofhis colleague.
Mr. CARTTER. 1 appeal from that decision.
Mr. DISNEY. I desire to say one word.
The CHAIRMAN. The appeal is not debata-
ble.
Mr. DISNEY. I am not going to debate it at all.
But as there seems to be a question about words,
i I desire that my amendment shall be read in my
own English. I never used such English as has
I been read from the desk.
j The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has certainly
j not altered a word of the gentleman's amendment,
j Mr. DISNEY. I wrote it " in a manner con-
j forming to."
The CHAIRMAN. The question is oil the
appeal from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. I would inquire of
the Chair, whether the construction which he puts
on the 34th rule has ever been practically put
upon it ?
Mr. CARTTER. Never in the world.
The CHAIRMAN. It has been the uniform
| practice since the adoption of the rule; but, as the
! Chair before said, it must depend to a very great
extent upon the regard paid to that rule by the
! members themselves.
j Mr. CARTTER demanded tellers on the ap-
i peal; but they were not ordered.
! And the question being taken, the decision of
the Chair was sustained.
| The question was then taken on the amendment
j to the amendment, and it was not agreed to.
j The question recurring on Mr Diwf.i "s amend-
I ment, it was put, and' the amendment was re-
I jected.
| Mr. CARTTER. I now move the amendment
■ just offered by my colleague, [Mr. Disney,] with
; this change, that I have inserted the words "in
j pursuance of " in lieu of " in conformity with."
| Mr. IIIBBARD. That amendment is sub
| stantiallv the same as the one just voted down,
and I submit that it is therefore out of order.
1 The CHAIRMAN ruled thp amendment nut of j
I order, on the ground that the committee had sub- '>
j! stantially rejected the amendment, having first j
!j voted down the amendment to the amendment and s
II then the amendment. 1
| Mr. ROBBINS. Is there any amendment now ,
'pending? I
The CHAIRMAN. There is no amendment ;
pending. !
Mr. ROBBINS. Then I move that the com- j
mittee rise anti report the bill to the House. j
The motion was agreed to. J
Thecommittee accordingly rose, and the Speaker \
having resumed the chair, the chairman reported ;
that the Committee of the Whole on the state of :
the Union had had the Union generally under con- |
sideration, and particularly House bill No. 46, to i
provide for carrying into execution, in further j
part, the twelfth aiticle of the treaty with Mexico
concluded at Guadalupe Hidalgo, and had in-
structed hun to report the same to the House ;
without amendment.
Mr. JO N~ES, of Tennessee. The position which 1
I have occupied during the discussion upon this ;
bill has precluded me from taking any part in it,
or from making any explanation in justification of
the course which 1 have heretofore, and which I |
shall upon this occasion feel it my duty to pursue. ;
At the same time, my relation to this question at ,
the last Congress and at the present Congiess re- ,
quires of me. I think', a few words in justification, ;
or, at least, in explanation of my course; partieu- 1
larly when I reflect that there are those upon this
floor who take a different view of this question to
what I do, to differ from some of whom always
creates in my mind a distrust of the correctness of
my own opinions. But, sir, being thoroughly
convinced, and as thoroughly satisfied of the cor- (
redness of the course wluch I have usually pur- !
sued in regard to this measure, I desire to state, in
a very brief manner, why it is that I now take
that course.
It will be recollected that at the iast session of
Congress I was a member of the Committee of
Ways and Means,from whichabill was reported to
and passed by this House, to'pay the third install-
ment of the Mexican indemnity. I was also upon
that committee when it reported to this House a
bill to provide for the payment of this last install-
ment. Both of these bills met my approbation,
and they were repoited here with my assent and
approval. And this bill has been again reported
at the present session with my consent and appro-
bation. During this discussion, however, the
course which the Committee of Ways and Means
felt itself called upon to pursue has been called ill
question. Now, I want to know when the mes-
aige of the President of the United States was re-
ferred to our committee, asking tins House to ap-
propiiate the money necessary to pay this last
installment, what was the duty of that committee?
Why, it was our duty to inquire, in the first place,
whether the money asked for by the President was
required in order to carry into effect the simula-
tions of the treaty with the Government of Mex-
ico. In the performance of that duty, therefore,
we looked to the twelfth article of that treaty, and
we found that tins Government had bound itself
by that treaty to pay the Government of Mexico
$15,000,000—§3,000,000 to be paid down at the
time of the ratification of the treaty, and $3,000,000
at the end of each twelve months thereafter, witli
interest on the whole amount then due until the
whole §15,000,000 should have been paid.
[A message was here received from the Presi-
dent of the United States, by the hands of M.
P. Fillmore, his Private Secretary, announcing
that lie had signed sundry bills.]
Mr. J. continued. In February, 1849, a bill
was passed by the Congress of the United States,
appropriating $3,720,000, being the first install-
ment, with the interest due up to the 30th of May,
1849. The same bill also appropriated the amount _
necessary for the payment of the second install-
ment, which would be due on the 30th of May,
1850, and which, with the interest, amounted
to $3,540,000. That bill, which appropriated
§7,260,000 for the payment of the two first install-
ments of this indemnity, was in precisely the
same terms as the one now under consideration,
except so far as regards the amount and date. It
simply made an appropriation of the money,
without giving any direction to the Executhe in
relation to the mode of payment. And it passed
this House by a vote of 187 to 8. In 1850—at
the first session hf the last Congress—a bill, in
precisely the same terms, making an appropria-
tion of $3,300,000, passed this House with only
thirty-five or thirty-six votes against it. Now,
when the President's message, asking for this ap-
propriation this session, was referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, we looked into the
treaty, and found that all the money which this
Government had stipulated to pay, with the excep-
tion of the last installment, amounting, with the
interest, to $3,180,000, had been paid; which in-
stallment will be due on the 30ili of May next.
The committee report the bill making appropria-
tion for the payment of this money exactly as a.11
the other bills "have been reported; but when it is
brought in here, the question is raised, that we
must direct the manner and mode in which the
payment is to be made. That is a question with
which I shall have no concern whatever. I come
not here to defend the Secretary of State. I come
not here to defend the Secretary of the Tieasury.
If the payment had heretofore been made by the
Secretary of the Treasury, I would not interfere
to direct it to be paid by any other officer. If the
President of the United States should even direct
the assistant Treasurer at the city of New York,
or the assistant Treasurer at the oily of New Or-
leans, oi any oiher individual who might be se-
lected as the medium tlnough which thir. payment
was to be made, I should not be willing to inter-
fere by gmng a different direction, and by that
interference to release the Executive from all re-
j sponsibility in the matter, and to take that respon-
; sibillty upon ourselves, when this is clearly and
j exclusively a duty which belongs to the Execu-
tive of the country.
I can very well imagine why the Mexican Gov-
ernment should come here and ask that the Sec-
