2190
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 11,
The question now being upon Mr. Brenton's
amendment to the amendment—
Mr. BRENTON demanded tellers; but they
were not ordered.
The question being taken upon the amendment
to the amendment, it was not agreed to.
Mr. McMULLIN offered the following as an
amendment to the amendment:
Provided, That all clerks residing in the District of Col- |
umbia receiving salaries of $1,000, and less, shall be paid
an addition of fifteen per cent, upon their said salaries: Jlnd
Provided further, That all clerk* ieceivmgovcr$l,OO0, and
not more than ,£1,200, shall he paid ten per cent, upon their
said salaries—said clerks re&iding in the District of Colum-
bia.
Mr. McM. said: Z desire that the gentleman
from Tennessee, [Mr. Gentry,] and tfiose who
have acted with him, if they really desire to meet
the additional expenses imposed upon the clerks
because of the increased prices of provisions, and
so forth, shall come forward now and sustain this
proposition, which carries upon its face fair terms
of compromise. I propose that the lowest class
of clerks—those receiving $1,000 a year—shall
receive fifteen per cent, additional, which will
amount to #150 upon thejr salaries. I ask if that
is not enough to meet the additional expenses of
livingand house rent ? Gentlemen will remember
that there are a great many clerks who receive only
$1,000. There are a good many, also, who receive
$1,100, and some who receive £1,150. I propose
to give to these men, and to the $1,200 clerks, an
addition of ten per cent., which will bean increase
of $160 upon their salaries. Sir, this proposition
addresses itself to the justice of this House. I ask
the House and the country if the additions pro-
posed in it are not enough to meet the additional
cost? 
The CHAIRMAN. The time fixed by the
resolution of the House for closing the five min-
ute's debate has arrived.
Mr. McMULLIN. Yes, but I obtained the
floor some time since, and yielded it as an act of
courtesy, at the request of the Chair. 1 think,
therefore, that I am entitled to my five minutes.
The CHAIRMAN. Jtis not in the power of
the Chair to permit the gentleman to proceed.
Mr. GENTRY Did I understand the Chair
to say that the time had expired during which
debate was allowed11
The CHAIRMAN. It has expired.
Mr. GENTRY. Well, I hope that the friends
of tiie original amendment will reject all amend-
ments to if.
The CHAIRMAN. The Ch:tirde<*irps to know
of the gentleman from Virginia where he designs
his amendment to come in ?
Mr. McMULLIN. I oiler it as a substitute
for the amendment; and i will accept the amend-
ment of the gentleman from New York, and in-
corporate it as a part of my amendment.
Air. GENTRY. I understand the gentleman
to offer a series of provisoes as a substitute for the
section which f have offered.
Mr. MOREHEAD. 1 wish to suggest to the
gentleman from Tennessee that his amendment as
it now stands would exclude all those clerks who
reside in Georgetown. I believe ins amendment
is confined to clerks residing in the city of Wash-
ington.
Mr. GENTRY. T have no objection to modify
my amendment so as to say " in the District of
Columbia."
The question was then taken upon Mr. Mc-
Mullivt's amendment to the amendment, and it
was rejected.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I offer the
amendment to the amendment, which I send to
the Cleric's desk. But before it H read 1 wish to
make an appeal to my colleague to accept it as a
part of his proposition. It will give strength to
proposition; and the class of individuals to
f,
whom it relates ought to be piovided for
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order.
The Clerk then read Mr. Johnson's amendment
to the amendment, as follows:
And that twenty per cent, he added to the per diem or
nionihl} pay of all the employees of the Government en-
gaged jii any branch of mechanics or at common labor.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment to the amendment, and it was rejected.
Air. JOHNSON. The workingman has a
minhty little chance here.
Mr. FLORENCE. I send to the Clerk's table
what I desire to offer aa an amendment to the
amendment. It will appeal to the warmest sym-
pathies of every man here.
[Loud shouts of " Order!"]
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman must bear
in mind that no debate is in order. Nothing can
be said in explanation of the amendment.
Mr. FLORENCE. When gentlemen hear my
proposition read, they will regret having called
me to order.
[Loud shouts of " Order!"]
The Clerk then read Mr. Florence's amend-
ment, as follows:
That the prices now paid to all sewing women in the
employment of the Government of the United States, work-
ing upon army clothing, or any other of the supplies usually
provided andci the direction of the Quaitei mahtei Depart
ment, and produced mainly by female labor, be inci eased
twenty-five per cent.
The question was then put upon Mr. Flor-
ence's amendment to the amendment, and on a
division, the chairman announced—ayes 71, noes
79.
Mr.ORRdemanded tellers; which were ordered;
and Messrs. Landry and Molony were appointed.
The question was again put, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 55, noes not counted.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
The question recurred upon Mr. Gentry's
amendment as amended.
Mr. McMULLIN. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out $1,500, and all that apper-
tains to it.
Air. GENTRY. I understand the proposition
of the gentleman to be, simply to confine the oper-
ation of this section to those cleiks whose sala-
ries do not exceed $1,200. 1 hope it will not be
adopted.
Mr. SWEETSER demanded tellers; which
were ordered; and Messrs. Hart, and Fuller of
Maine, were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 67, noes 63.
So the amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I offer the following
amendment, to come in at the close of the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Tennessee:
That Wilham II. Mnmix shall rccove (rom the present
Congress, the same compensation received bv the engross-
ing < Icrio of the Houm' of Representatives, in lieu of Ins
present pay ; that the me^engeisof the [lou^e shall receive
the same compensation allowed to the messengers of the
Senate, in lieu ot then piesonl pay ; that John 1). Oft, ITemy
M< Laughhn, and John C. Mulloy, folders m the document
loom, shall leeeive M 50 perdayeach tiom the commence-
ment of the piesent session.
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
Air. MASON. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the word ** last," and insert-
ing " present" in heu thereof, so that this addition
to the compensation shall commence at the begin-
ning of the present fiscal year, instead of at the
commencement of the last.
The amendment to the amendment was adopted.
Mr. HALL. I now move to amend the amend-
ment, by cidding thereto the following:
P) oi ided, That no eletk shall i eceive a salary of more
than xl,-K)U pel annum under this section.
Mr. McMULLIN demanded tellers; which were
ordered; and Messrs. Goodenow and Bkale were
appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 59, noes 61.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
Mr. HOUSTON. I offer the following amend-
ment, which is always put in clauses, increasing
the salaues of clerks:
Provided, further, That the appiopriatiomm tin* sp<-tion
shall not apply to any peison who^e compensation lias been
increased at the pu>M-nt session of Congress.
This proviso has been in all the laws passed by
Congress for increasing the salaries of clerks.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
Mr. AVERETT. I move to strikeout the first
proviso to this section.
Mr GENTRY. Thnt proviso has been in-
serted by a vote of the committee, and I presume
that it is not m order to strike it out.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment is not in
order.
Mr. MASON. Is it in order to amend the
amendment ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is in order.
Mr. MASON. I offer the following amend-
ment:
Provided, That the increased compensation made to the
otFiceis and employees of the Government and the House
of Representatives by this bill, shall cease on the 4th of
March, 1853.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. HALL. I offer the following amendment
to the amendment:
Provided, That no person shall receive a salary of more
than $1,200 per annum undei this section.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was disagreed to.
The question then recurred upon Mr. Gentry's
amendment as amended.
Air. FULLER, of Maine. 1 now ask that the
amendment shall be reported as it is amended.
It was reported by the Clerk, as follows:
Sec. 7. Be it further enacted, That the cleiks, messen-
ger?, watchmen, and laborers employed at an annual ^alaiy,
or in temporary positions, in the executive ami legislative
Derailments, of the Government, in the city of Washington,
whose compensation does not exceed -Si,200 per annum,
shall, in addition thereto, be allowed the following annual
increase of compensation, commencing: from the first day
of the pt Cheat tiscal year, viz : All whose annual compensa-
tion does not exceed $1,200 sjiall, in addition thereto, be
allowed an increased compensation of twenty per cent.,
and that the same shall be paid out of anj monev m the
Trea-ury not otherwise appropriated : Provided, That ihis
section shall not extend to any peison receiving a salmy
for discharging the duties of more than one office at the
same tune, oi to anv person who does not actually discharge
the duties of the office lor winch he receives such salary,
or to any person engaged in prosecuting any claim, other
than his own, before any of the Departments oi Oongiess ;
and that in case any pay or accounting officer of the Gov-
ernment shall pay such additional pei centage to any such
person, it shall be a misdemeanor in the person knowingly
paying or receiving such additional per centage, rendenng
each liable to indictment and punishment by line or im-
piisorimetit: Provided jurthei, That the provisionsof tins
section shall not apply to any peison whose compensation
has been mciei^ed at the present session of Congress,
Mr. McMULLIN. I desire to know of the
Chair, or of the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Gentry,] who offered this amendment, whether
it will apply to the clerks residing in Alexandra,
and Georgetown ?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman must rec-
ollect that discussion is not in order.
Mr. GENTRY. I will reply to the gentleman
that it does include those clerks.
Mr. GORMAN. I have an amendment that
I want to offer to this amendment. I move to
insert the words "and pages," so as to provide
that this increased compensation shall also extend
to the pages of the House.
A Member. They will get theirs at the end of
the session. Do not encumber this section with
that amendment.
Mr. GORMAN. They will never get it, unless
they get it now. Everybody is m but the pages.
I want a vote upon my amendment.
The question was put, and the amendment was
not agreed to.
The question again recurring upon theadoption
of the amendment of Mr. Gentry as amended,
Mr. FULLER, of Maine, demanded tellers;
which were ordered; and Messrs. Fowler, and
Ai.i.k.v of Illinois were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers
reported—ayes 87, noes not counted.
So the amendment as amended was adopted.
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania, submitted the
following as an independent section:
Sfo. 8. Jfnd be it further mooted, That hereafter all
customs duties, or imposts, collected at any custom-house,
or at am pmt of entry in the United States, upon goods,
wares, meichandii-e, or othei article? upon winch custom*,
duties, oi imposts, are collectable by existing laws, shall be
; collected upon a valuation to be ascertained as follows:
| The Secretary of the Tiea^uiy, with the aid of the ap-
| praters, shall annually cause io be a<epi tamed the averas©
i value of all Mich goods, wares, merchandise, or other
j articles «ubjectto dune- at the ports ol Koston, New York,
I Philadelphia, Cbaile^ton, and New Orleans. And that
' upon siieli valuation hereafter all duties, customs, or im-
! posts, upon ail such goods, wares, meiehandisc, or other
I articles, Mi all he collected at at! the ports of entry, and at
j all custom houses in the Tinted States, until otherwise pro-
] vided by law, and that all p ovi«ions of existing law-, in re-
I lation to the imposition ot duties, customs, or imports, in-
i consistent lieiew ith, are hereby repealed.
| Mr. POLLER, of Maine. I rise to a question
( of order. I submit that the amendment is not ia
! order, not being germane to any part of the bill,
j Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania. I ask that the
point of order shall be stated fully.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. T ask that the
| 131st and 132d rules of the House be read.
