13*26
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 11,
tains also an item of nearly" the same amount
(f+,643) for extraordinary "repairs. Now, if we
cuvry this item for extraordinary repairs through
a lops sevies of instances, it ceases to be an Hem
for extraordinary repairs, and becomes, of course,
an item for ordinary repairs—an item appertaining
to the system throughout. We have 110 right,
nor can we in justice or.in reason be called upon
to makean estimatean'dappropriatempneythrough
along'secies of-years for extiaordinury repairs;
because, if we do tiiis,ll>ey are no longer extraor-
dinary hut they become ordinary, and attached to
this very system itself. ,
Tlien, sir, there is another item for insurance of
$8,1)04 64. 1 am not acquainted wilh the rate of in-
surance charged between New York and Liver-
pott!, but that amount would make it a little over
seven per cent, on the. cost of the vessels. But,
according to these figures and this rate of insurance,
the.total estimate is incorrect; and, as I before re-
marked, these estimates are furnished for our
future action, and we ought, therefore, to estimate
the amount we are called upon to allow now with
a reference to the amount which we shall have to
pay hereafter. Now, on the original cost of all
the vessels—namely §2,944,142—-seven per cent,
.would amount to $206,089. Then, to find out the
amount of insurance to be paid for each trip, we
must divide that sum by.twenty-six, Which is the
number of trips proposed to be made, by this line
of steamers, in consequence of the granting of this
appropriation. "' That will amount only to ) 7,92G
—a thousand dollars less than the estimate which
we find in the' account of details. The same rule,
with the same result; will apply in regard to inter-
declare again that I have a right, as a Western
citizen, living in that great valley which is washed
and di allied by these rivers, to protest against any
further appropriations from the. Treasury for the
purpose ot sustaining this line until full justice is
done to our section of the country.' Sir, there is
not a newspaper that we receive from the West,
nor a breeze unit blows 1'iom the West and fans
i; our cheeks, but bears upon iis wings some account
Ij of sad disasters of death and destruction, winch i
have taken place upon our Western waters. Anil
yet to prevent all tins-the paltry appropriation 01
5,2^0,(100 is all that has been made m the space of
eight years. From the same .report to which 1
have letened, 1 have gained some interesting facts,
which 1 think should have due consideiation and
• weight m this body, and especially with Senators
! who hail from the same section ot country that 1
1 do. By this u appears that the numbei ol" vessels
i! lost on the iiveis of the Ohio basin, and the iWlis- ;
!; s.s;>ippi Valley, up to the year 16148, wassix him- I
jj died and eighteen. There were tost by collisions, j
|| forty-live; by fne, one hundred and four; and by ,
■' snags, and other obstructions for which the Gov- j
i| eminent is lesponsibie, four hundred and sixty- j
j; nine. The value of the boats thus lost, was j
$4,719,991, exclusive of explosions, collapsing of i
Hues, &c.; and including them, the value of boats 1
alone which were lost, was fro,643,791, The
losses on cargoes was j,12,698,529, making the
total losses 011 the Western wateis, up to 1848,
§18,342,320. The loss of bouts has been forty-
four and a half percent, of all that have been built;
or, m other words, out of every hundred boats
     built to run upon those waters, torty-lour and a
est,"and upon tlna calculation' we will find that ;j half have either exploded, or been sunk beneath
' • l , 9 ' AAA . ! . L n .1 . . L « ,,,1 IiliIVWI *<• ! iUrt !\;1
they have estimated the total interest §1,000 too
high. So also in regard to the deterioration of the i
vessels themselves, it is put down at seven per ■
cent., which will amount to $7,926 instead of;
$tt,464, as furnished by the estimate. Here then, j
sir, is the sum of $2,012 which they have estimated I
too much in the items of insurance and interest
the ddik and turbid waters of the Mississippi.
To come down a little later, we find that the
value of the boats lost on the Mississippi and its
tributaries in 1849, was $1,585,400. Ail that loss
occurred in one year. In Idol, a year of unusual
exemption from steamboat disasters, there was
lost on the Western lakes and avers the amount
and deterioration of the vessels. This multiplied I ot #1,568,106. And 1 again repeat, that to pro-
by twenty-six will give an annual amount of
$52,312 more than the actual estimate. That may
be regarded by some gentlemen as a small mistake,
but I regard it as a considerable sum.
The Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Wade,) while
speaking on this" subject yesterday, touched a
chord that I think should vibrate through the heart
of every Western man who is called upon to vote
in regard to this appropriation. I do not wish to
be at all sectional in reference to this matter; but I
think'that, as a Western man, I have a right to
ask that justice should be dune to that long-neg-
lected section of our country, before we are called i
upon to vote such large and enormous amounts of j
money for the sustenance and protection of inter- i
ests with which we have comparatively but little ]
to do. I have no means of ascertaining the com- :
parative amount and value of the commerce of the f
West which floats upon the bosom of the Ohio ;
and Mississippi rivers; but I venture to say, from j
the small means of information which I have, that j
this Western commerce is infinitely superior, both i
in amount and value, to the commerce carried on j
between New Yoik and Liverpool. I find, from ;
an estimate of the Secretary of the Treasury, in a j
report sent to this body on the 21st of December :
last, that the whole steam marine tonnage of Great j
Britain at that time was 143,080 tons. Now, the ,
steam tonnage of the interior of the United States, :
at the same time, amounted to 204,645 tons. It is I
well known that at least one third of this tonnage j
belongs to the West; and from this statement we
may form some estimate of the com parative amount
and value of the Western commerce, compared
vVith that of Great Britain, as carried on between
Lherpool and New York.
Now, allow me to ask what is theamount given
by this Government for the last ten years to pro- i
tect the commerce which is carried on at the WestJ '
The last bill passed upon this subject making ap-
propriations for the purpose of protecting thecom-
merce of the West, was passed in 1844, and by
that bill the magnificent donation of $100,000 was
made to impiove the Ohio river between the cities
of Pittsburg: and Louisville, and §180,000 to im-
prove the Ohio below the falls at Louisville, the
Mississippi, Missouri, and Arkansas rivers—only
$230,000 in eight years, or about one third of the
amount which js asked to be appropriated to this
Collins line m one year. This is not just; and I
tect the citizens of the great growing West fiorn
those losses to which they have been subject in
their property and tkeir lives, there has been ex-
pended the sum of only $280,000 within a period
of eight years, which is, 1 again repeat, butabout
one third of the amount which is asked to be ap-
propriated for the Collins line of steamers for one
year.
By that same report, I find that the number of
passengers caivied annually by all the ocean
steamers belonging to the United States is 190,993,
and that the number of passengers carried in the
ordinary inland lake and river steamers of the waters
of the Ohio, Mississippi, and their tributaries, is
3,782,572. Now, is it not monstrous that this large
sum of money should be sought to be appropriated
to one single line of ocean steamers, when the whole
number of persons who need protection in ocean {
steameis, on all lines, is only 190,001), and while .
there are 3,782,512 needing equal protection, who j
are put off with the poor pittance of §280,000 for ;
that purpose, and that amount given during a ;
period of eight years? 1
t remarked when I took the floor, that I had j
no intention of making a speech, but that 1 simply j
wished to state the reasons why I could not, ns a i
Western man, fully identified with all the interests j
of that immense region of country, give my vote ,
for this amendment. It is an old saying, as just i
as it is true, that'' Charity should begin at home;" '
and when you have carried this maxim into prac- \
tical effect, when you have done full justice at
home, full justice to the interior, then you may, .
Willi some semblance of propriety, call upon us ,
to assist you in doing full justice io the Atlantic i
coast, by giving protection to that commerce, !
which is pattly domestic and partly foreign.
For these reasons 1 cannot vote for the amend- j
ment. I cannot vote against it, because I have
consented to pair off with the Senator from New ;
Jersey, [Mr. Miller,] and he is not now present. !
But were 1 at liberty to vote, I would vote against
it most heartily. 1 am anxious to have this line >
continued; and I trust I have as much of a na- i
tional feeling in regard to this matter as any Sen- .
ator on this floor; but I cannot yield up my sense j
of what is just and of what is due to .my own j
section of country to any feeling of national van- j
ity or national glory of thi« sort. I;
Mr, GEYER* feefore the vote is taken, I de- j!
sire to express, in a few words, the reasons why,
under existing circumstances, 1 feel constrained to
vole against this amendment.
1 shall do so, not because I participate, on this
occasion, m the sentiments expressed by the Sen-
ator from Ohio, [Mr. Wade,] m reference to the
question of appropriations for the Western rivers.
I apprehend that when the votes of Senators and
Representatives shall be examined, it will be found
lhat, although a portion of those on the eastern
side of the Alleghanies have uniformly voted
against these appropriations, a large number have
also voted for them; and if blame is to be attrib-
uted to any particular section of the country, a
portion of it should apply to our own section.
The difficulty lies in the erection of platforms to
override the Constitution; the allegiance to the
platform of a party is stronger than the feeling of
allegiance to the Constitution, or the obligations of
duty; and that is the reason why we htvse not had
an administration of the powers of tins Govern-
ment for the benefit of those for whom it wns in-
stituted, But f have objections to this amend-
ment—objections which 1 had hoped would have
been removed during this discussion; fori am dis-
posed, and have been, from the beginning, to vote
an appropriation—all that should be necessary,
and no more than should be necessary—for the
purpose of maintaining this line of steamers. I
am not among those who think that the Post Office
should necessarily sustain itself; but, at the same
time, I am unwilling to vote so large an appro-
priation as this in the daik. When I consider
how the question has been brought forward, and
how it has been discussed, I cannot but express
my apprehension that theie is something which
will not bear examination yet undisclosed.
At the commencement of this session the Post-
master General informed us, m his annual report,
that he had obtained additional service by an un-
derstanding with the owners of the Collins line,
which would give an increase of six trips in the
year, making twenty-six instead of twenty; and
he recommended, as I understand, that these trips
should be paid for pro rata, and that certain com-
pensation should he allowed—not " certain," but
that some compensation should be allowed—for the
trips which it would be necessary to perform
during the winter. That is the recommendation of
the Postmaster General, as I read it. In the early
part of the session a number of petitions were
presented from different cities in the.Union, pray-
ing for increased aid to the Collins line. They
were referred to a committee; and I expected, be-
ing desirous to vote what was necessary, that we
should have a report from that committee, which
would inform us, and give us the reasons, why a
contract entered into for ten years at a given, stip-
ulated price should now be. changed, and the an-
nual- compensation increased. 1 supposed that
they would have inquired—not of the owners or
clerks of the Collins line, but from experienced
persons, or that they would have obtained such
information as would satisfy them as to the rea-
sonable expense of navigating these ships, and
thus ascertain what would be a proper amount of
compensation to be voted by the two Houses of
Congress. Four months elapsed, and no report
was made: the Committee on Naval Affairs, as I
understand it now, having upon it a gentleman
who is also a member of the Committee on Fi-
nance, agreed among themselves that they would
raise the compensation to $33,000 per trip, and
then communicated that fact to the Secretary of
the Navy. The Secretary of the Nayy told them
in reply, that if they approved the arrangement of
the Postmaster General, there would be a deficit
even if the additional six trips were made at the
old rate of <>19,380 each; and that if they conclud-
ed to raise the compensation to $33,000 per trip,
then the deficiency would be so much. That is
the estimate; on that a member of the Naval Com-
mittee takes his seat as a member of the Commit-
tee on Finance, and moves this appropriation.
According to my reading, it states what is contrary
to the records, and that is one reason why 1 must
vote against it.
I will read the amendment:
"For additional compensation for increasing the trans-
portation of the United Stare* mail between iVrw Yoik ami
Liverpool, in the Collin* line ot' <tea;nfr-, in twenty mx
trip-per annum, at such time* shall !>u directed hy the
Postmaster General, and in conlonmty to Ins last annual
report to Oon rebs-, and In* letter of the loth of November
last, to the Secretary of the Navy, commencing s.aid in 
