1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
*3^7
creased service on the 1st of January, 1852, at the rate of
$33,000 per trip, in lieu of the present allowance, the sum
of !$236,5U0. 
Now, the laymen will understand that to mean
that this appropriation was inserted at the recom-
mendation of the Postmaster General. But, look-
ing at the recommendation of that officer, it will be
seen that he recommends no such thing. -
Mr. BADGER. I hope that my friend will
permit me to say one word. He puts a wrong
interpretation altogether on the amendment. It
does not express nor imply, nor was it intended to
express or imply that the Postmaster General rec-
ommended this allowance at all. It refers to the
increase of the number of trips to twenty-six, ac-
cording to the terms of the agreement with the
Postmaster General. That is all. It would be
well for the Senator to understand an amendment
before he denounces it.
Mr. GEYER. Mr. President, I read this
amendment according to the words which I find
here, and not to any supposed intent or meaning
which might exist in the mind of the Senator who
drew it up. The words are:
u For additional compensation for increasing the trans-
portation ofthe United States mail between NewYorkand
Liverpool, in the Collins line of steameis, to twenty-mx
trips per annum, at such times as shall be directed by the
Postmaster General, and in conformity to his la^t annua!
report to Congress, and his letter of the 15th of November
last, to the Secretary of the Navy, commencing said in-
creased service on the 1st of January, 1852, at the latu of
$33,000 per trip, m lieu of the present allowance, the sum
of $236,500."
Now, sir, let me ask how can uninformed per-
sons out of doors understand that amendment,
otherwise than that in consequence of an arrange-
ment made with the Postmaster General, and, in
conformity therewith, this appropriation is to be
made? Now, the recommendation of the Post-
master General, on which I am willing to vote, is
this:
" Under these cucum^tances, Mr. Collins was requested
to continue his tups every othei week, and was assured that
the payment by Congress of a pro rata compensation would
be recommended. It is claimed by the contractors, and it
is believed, justly, that a pro rata compensation for these
extra trips in the winter season, will not fully indemnify
them; and if the extia trips are performed, it is earnestly
recommended that a ■pro rata compensation, with such ad-
dition, if any, as may be necessary to give the contractors
a fair and liberal compensation for the extra service, be
authorized by Congicss."
Now, that report declares this fact: that at the
time this negotiation was going on between the
Post Office Department and the proprietors of the
Collins line of steam-ships, the idea was not sug-
gested that they would ask for extra compensation
for the trips which were performed in the summer
season; but that because the winter trips which
were ordered by this new arrangement would not
pay, they therefore desired extra compensation for
these trips. Still, Mr. President, I should have been
perfectly willing to modify the contract, so as to
maintain this line, if those who ask for it would
furnish the Senate with data, upon which to cal-
culate, with some degree of certainty, the amount
which would be necessary, so as to make the line
support itself, when its expenses shall have been
brought within reasonable limits. Sir, we have
been"furnished with an aggregate statement—not
in the shape of a report, but occasionally, as a Sen-
ator has addressed the Chair. We have had a
memorandum read, furnished by the chief clerk,
which informs us that the expenses, heretofore,
have been so much, including, as 1 understand
from some Senators, the loss arising from the de-
tention, and injury, and cost of repair of the At-
lantic. Then it is proposed to graduate the com-
pensation for carrying the mail for eight years, by
the aggregate expenses certified by their clerk as
being incurred for the trips during the past two
,ear8. Now, although I am desirous that this
ine should be supported, I cannot undertake to
vote $858,000 per annum upon any such state-
ment, especially considering that the means ex-
isted, and the time has been sufficient, to have
brought forward in some form the evidence upon
which we could determine, once for all, that the
compensation which we ought to give is reason-
able, and not any more than is necessary.
The amendment which was made to this amend-
ment, on the motion of the honorable Senator from
Texas, [Mr. Rusk,] while on its very face it con-
fesses that we are in doubt, still makes the original
proposition worse than it was, and furnishes an
additional reason why I shall be compelled to vote
T
in
against it. As the proposition came from the
committee, it expired on the thirteenth day of
g^ext month, and would have been presented in a
;uew appropriation bill, because there would have
been no contract. But this amendment recognizes
it, as a contract to exist during the whole of eight
years, unless an end is put to it by the action of
Congress. It carries the operation of the appro-
priation beyond the time limited by the appropri-
ation itself; it puts an interpretation upon it with-
out the proviso, which would be carried out the
whole period of the eight years remaining of that
contract; and then, sir, it proposes to throw upon
Congress, when that period should arrive for its
action, the burden of establishing affirmatively
that the compensation is too much, instead of
taking the burden now upon themselves of show-
ing that it is reasonable and necessary.
These, Mr. President, m a few words, are the
reasons why I feel compelled to vote against this
amendment. I regret that the committee to which
the subject was referred, and whose attention had
been culled to it, did not enter upon a full investi-
gation of the matter, and furnish us with a report
which would justify those who do occasionally,
unlike the Senator from Delaware, think it worth
while to "count the cost;" and who look to an
appropriation of this amount to run so many
years, and amounting to little short of $7,000,000
for the mere transportation of the mails from New
York to Liverpool, as being somewhat extrav-
agant. There are some of us who desire to be !
shown what it is for, or at least to be shown that [
the sum is reasonable. And we should not be i
deterred from making; the inquiry by appeals which j
may be made to us in regard to our public spirit
or our national pride. Sir, I feel as much of that i
as any man here; but, although it may be a mat- |
ter of exultation to us even in the far West, that '
an American ship outruns a British ship, we do
not understand it to furnish any reason why we
should put our hands into the Treasury for the
purpose of sustaining that pride beyond what is
absolutely necessary.
If the discussion of this question had been con-
fined to what seems to be pertinent to it, we should
long since have ceased todiscussit. If gentlemen,
instead of informing us of the immense power of
steam, and of the prospect they had before them
of ultimately enabling us to conquer the world,
had contented themselves with inquiring what is
the probable and reasonable expense of navigating
these ships; and, in the next place, whether it
is the duty of the Government ofthe United States
to vote an appropriation of millions for this pur-
pose; the question would have been disposed of
long since. I think the appropriation has been
improperly imposed on the deficiency bill ; and
the effect, already, has been to produce a very con-
siderable amount of suffering: among those who are
public creditors, and who await the passage of
the bill, in order to obtain payment for past ser-
vices to the Government.
I dul not, howevei, rise for the purpose of en-
tering into the discussion of the general question,
but merely for the purpose of stating my reasons
for objecting to tins amendment. If my objections ;
are removed by any honorable Senator, I shall :
then vote for such an appropriation as shall be J
found reasonable and proper. ;
Mr. BADGER. I feel called upon, after the j
remarks which have fallen from my friend from j
Missouri, to make a few observations in vindica- ;
tion of the course pursued by the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
The Senator from Missouri, in the first place,
seems to suppose that the mode by which the pro-
posed amendment is framed conveys the impres-
sion that the amount of additional compensation
had been fixed and recommended by the Post-
master General. I do not know what impression
| that may have upon persons who are entirely
| ignorant of the facts of the case; but it certainly ,
never entered my imagination that it would have
any such meaning to members of the Senate, be-
cause I supposed that they either were or would j
becomc acquainted with the facts before they en- j
tered into a discussion of the subject. But as to '
how it would be considered outside of this Cham
ber, I confess I did not trouble myself to inquire; j
and neither at the time the proposition was before j
the Committee on Naval Affairs, did I care, nor do i
I care now. But no gentleman here could have
been misled, because the answer sent to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs by the Secretary pf the
Navy, furnishing the estimate we desired from
that Department, of tl\e amount whicl^ would be
necessary to insert as the amo.urit of additional
appropriation in this deficiency bill, states.upon its
face that it is written in answer to a letterfrorh tfee
committee, in which the committee had themselves
resolved to fix upon this additional compensation
as the proper sum. That appears distinctly'upon
the face of the Secretary's letter. 'We'did'not
think it to be necessary to inquire of the Secre-
tary of the Navy, or of the Postmaster General,
what amount of additional compensation should
be made. We did not think it a matter of any
importance what might be the opinion of those
officers, except as that opinion might guide us in
coming to a correct conclusion. We had all the
materials for coming to that conclusion ourselves,
and all that we had any occasion to refer to an
Executive Department for, was to ascertain arith-
metically, with a view to the state of existing ap-
propriations, what additional appropriation.must
be put to this bill to carry out tiie contract, with
the increase which we thought it would be reason-
able to allow.
My friend from Missouri complains of two
things. In the first place, that the committee has
not made a report, and in that report set forth the
reasons upon which they propose to allow an in-
crease of compensation, and the grounds upon
which they had ascertained the amount of the ap-
propriation proposed to be allowed. Now, sup-
pose they had made a report; how would my friend
have been better satisfied than he is now? That
written report would but have expressed our opin-
ion and judgment; and the value of that opinion
and judgment would have depended either upon
the confidence he reposed in us, or upon the value
and effect of the evidence exhibited in support of
that opinion. He has the benefit of our opinion
verbally; and he has the benefit of our opinion of
that amendment, in the express declarations we
have made upon that point. Am I to understand
that my friend would have had any more respect
for that opinion, if it had been written on paper,
than if expressed verbaily? Again, suppose we
had. made a written report, upon what would w.e
have founded our estimates? Why, upon a writ-
ten paper—what we thought the best evidence on
which we could act. Now, my friend from Mis-
souri repudiates that at once. He says that'in
order to ascertain the actual expenditure of this
Collins line, we should have called upon persons
who are skilled in these matters, and should not
have resorted either to the members of the com-
pany, or the agents or the officers of the company,
to ascertain this matter. Then it is very plain,
sir, that no report we could have made would have
overcome the difficulties which bear upon the mind
of my friend from Missouri, because we of the
committee, arid he, entertain irreconcilable opin-
ions as to the true source from which such reliable
evidence is to be derived. We supposed that, be-
cause a general estimate is only a secondary means
of ascertaining the cost; and we held the best, most
direct, and most reliable source of information,
was the evidence of those who superintend the
expenditure, keep the accounts, and who know,
in point of fact, what it costs to maintain the ex-
isting establishment. Now, that evidence we
have. We have the evidence of a man who is no
more interested in this line than the Senator from
Missouri, or myself—a man who is merely em-
ployed to keep the accounts which show the out-
lay and the receipts of the company. We have
his sworn evidence, and if that is not satisfactory,
I should like to know how my friend from Mis-
souri would be satisfied with opinions of persons,
which are merely conjectural with regard to the
amount, and who had neither the means of ascer-
taining what was received, nor what was expended
by the company. Then, sir, our case was a very
simple one. We ascertained that there was an
average loss on each trip of nearly $17,000. We
ascertained, as we thought, thatthe company might
be able to maintain the line, looking to an appre-
ciation of things hereafter by adding to the com-
pensation, not the $17,000 which had been lost,
but a sum a little less than $14,000; and that sum
we proposed to allow.
It seems to me that the difficulty in this matter
does not lie in the want of evidence. The evidence
is here, and if gentlemen are willing to be con-
vinced, it is satisfactory. But the difficulty lies
