1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2191
They were read by the Clerk, as follows:
" 131. No motion or proposition for a tax oi charge upon
the people, t*hdll be di&cussed the day on which it is made
or ottered ; ami every such proportion shall receive its first
discussion in a Committee of the Whole Hou^e."
<k 132. No sum or quantum of tax or duty voted by a Com-
mittee ot the Whole House shall be increased in the House
until the motion tor such increase shall he first diseus&ed
and voted m a Committee of the Whole House, and so in
respect tu the time of its continuance."
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania. I now wish to
hear the point of order stated distinctly. This
amendment does not provide for any tax in any
shape or form.
Mr. FULLER. My point is that the amend-
ment is not germane.
The CHAIRMAN. Thegentleman from Maine
[Mr. Fuller] rises to a point of order that the
proposition submitted by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Jones] is not in order. The
Chair decides, in accordance with a decision made
the other day—for he does not consider this propo-
sition materially variant or differing from the
proposition brought by thegentleman from Penn-
sylvania the other day—that this amendment is
not in order.
As reference was made the other day to a sec-
tion contained in the civil and diplomaticbill passed
in 1846, the Chair has had occasion to examine
that question, and finds that the*section to which
reference was then made, was not first adopted
by the House as an amendment to the civil and
diplomatic bill, but was first adopted in the Senate,
having been presented by Mr. Evans, then a Sen-
ator from Maine, and incorporated in the civil and
diplomatic bill. At that time there were rules '
differing from those now in force in the House.
At the last session of Congress amendments pro-
posing a method of valuation of imports were
proposed to the civil and diplomatic bill in the
House. The point was then made, and sustained
by the decision of the Chair, that the amendments
were not in order. An appeal was taken from
that decision, and upon two propositions similar
to this, which were then made, the committee
sustained the decision of the Chair. For these
reasons, in addition to those assigned the other
day, the Chair rules the amendment out of order.
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania. I take an ap-
peal from that decision, and call for tellers upon it
Telleis were ordeied; and Messrs. Fuller, of
Maine, and Jones, of Pennsylvania, were ap-
pointed.
The question was taken, and the tellers first
announced—ayes 58, noes 72. Several other gen-
tlemen then passed between the tellers, and were
announced as they passed through.
The CHAIRMAN then announced the vote—
ayes 80, noes 78.
[Cries of "No!" "INo!" "Mistake!'' and
" Recount!"]
The CHAIRMAN. The tellers firstannounced
58 in the affirmative, then 9 more, afterwards 0
more, and again 4 more in the affirmative, making
in all 80.
Mr. JONES. I first reported 58 in the affirm-
ative, and afterwards 9 more. T did not repoit 9
more in addition to that. I said there were 9 more
in the negative.
The CHAIRMAN. That was the understand-
ing of the Chair.
[Cries of " Recount!" " Recount!"]
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I move that there
be a recount. I believe 1 have the right to make
the motion
Mr. PRICE. I object to a recount. The tell-
ers do not disagree.
The CHAIRMAN. The only question is,
whether the number 9 should be counted twice in
the affirmative.
Mr. JONES. I did not announce them twice
in the affirmative.
[Cries of " Recount!" " Recount1"]
The CHAIRMAN. Will the tellers announce
the vote?
Mr. FULLER. We did not keep the amount
in the aggregate. We only announced the differ-
ent numbers as they appeared.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I demand a recount.
The CHAIRMAN. If the tellers cannot agree
upon the vote, there must be a recount.
Mr. JONES. I can announce the vote.
The question was then again taken, and the
tellers reported—ayes 86, noes 81.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained by
the committee, and the amendment was ruled to
be out of order.
Mr. SMART submitted the following amend-
ment:
Sec. 1. *dnd be it further enactcd, That no person at the
head of either ot the Depaitmcnts, or ot any of the execu- j
tive Bureaus of the Government of the United States, no ;
Senator or Representative m Congress, clerk in any of the ;
Departments, or any officer or employee ol either House of •
Congress, shall, directly or indirectly, during the ume they j
may hold such office, prosecute any claim against the Gov- i
eminent of the United States, before the executive Depart- j
ments, executive Bui cans, oi Congre^-5, for any lee or re- \
ward. And it" any person aforesaid shall prosecute any
claim as aforesaid, he shall foiteit and pay a tine of $2,00:), j
and also the amount ot the tee chaiged for hw services, one j
halt to the inlormer and the oth<i halt to the <Joveinment, \
to be recoveied by action of debt before any couit of the ,
United States. j
Mr. MILLSON. I think that is precisely the |
same amendment which was ruled out of order i
yesterday. !
Mr. SMART. It is not the same. j
Mr. MILLSON. It is certainly the same in i
substance. j
The CHAIRMAN. In the opinion of the !
Chair the amendment offered by the gentleman
from Maine involves precisely the same question i
as that presented by him the other day. The j
Chair then decided the amendment to be out of!
order, and he is of the same opinion now. He;
therefore sustains the point of order raised by the
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Million.] \
Mr. SMART. Will it be in order to offer it ;
at the end of the section ? It makes no appropria- j
tion. i
The CHAIRMAN". The Chair is awaie that |
it makes no appropriation, but it e.hanges materi-
ally the existing laws of the Government. ;
The Chair on the other day ruled an amend- j
ment similar to this out of order, and he is of,
opinion that it is not in order now. ;
Mr. SMART. I appeal from the decision of,
the Chair, and ask for tellers upon the appeal. !
Tellers were not ordered.
The question now being " Shall the decision of '
the Chair stand as the judgment of the commit- |
tee'" it was put and decided m the affirmative. I
So the decision of the Cluur was sustained. j
Mr. FITCH offered the following amendment: j
•find he it further enacted, That the act entitled "An act ■
to amend an act entitled An act lor allowing compensation
to tliemenibciso! the Senate,members ot the Hoiwof Itep- |
ie- entailve-- ol ih<* United Ftate.-, and to Delegates from ;
the Tomtom's, and repealing all other laws upon that >uh i
jeet,"'shall apply to Setmtoisandjmembers ot the Rouse of i
Repiesentdlivo, and Delegates from the Terntones at all |
extra ^e^ioitsof Conine^, orof the Senate convened with- i
m ten days after the adjournment of a reyulai ^e.^ion. 1
Mr. FITCH. I desire that the law to which i
that amendment relates, be read at the Clerk's ,
desk. i
It was read, as follows: i
''•rfnd be it further enacted, $-c.. That from and after the ;
parage o! this act. no member of the Senate shall be enti-
tled to receive compensation for hi*- attendance at the Sen- ;
ate m the jecev* of Congress, dining such meeting of the 1
Senate as mav be called on the -1th day of March, or ,
on the -1th day of March in eveiy (ouilh year iherealier, ;
other than the .<'8 pet diem for atti'mianre now allowed by-
law : Provided, Tin- act shall not apply to a Senator not a
member of either llou<e ot Congre^'at the expiration of .
the Congress preceding such called session of the Senate." ,
The object of my amendment is to prohibit con- I
structive mileage under any and all circumstances ;
at any session.
The question was taken on the amendment, and j
it was agreed to. [
So the amendment was adopted. 1
Mr. GORMAN offered the following amend- .
ment, to come in after the second section of the '
bill: !
Sfc. —. That the Recoider of the General Land Office, !
under the direction ot the, Secretaiy ot the Interior, do and
perform all the Je<ral duties formerly imposed upon the
Solicitor of said office, by the fifth section ot the act entitled '
u An act to reorganize the General Laud Office," appioved
July 4, 1836; and that in addition to the salary now pre- j
senbed by law, he «hall receive the f-um of $'500 per ^
annum, commencing with the beginning of the last fiscal >
year. !
The question was taken on the amendment, and
it was not agreed to.
The Clerk then read the third, fourth, fifth, and
sixth sections of the bill.
Mr. GORMAN. I offer the same amendment
as before, with ^1,000 inserted m the place of $500.
The question was taken upon the amendment,
and it was not agreed to.
Mr. MOORE, of Louisiana, offered the follow-
ing amendment, to come in after the eixth sec-
tion:
►sec. 8. Be it further enacted, That the first and second
provisoes to the item or clause making an appropriation for
continuing the construction of the custom house at New
Oi Jeans, of the act entitled "An act making appropriations
for the civil and diplomatic expen&es of Government for
the ycai ending 30th June, appioved March 3d, 185J,
be and the same are hereby repealed.
The question was taken on the amendment, and
it was not agreed to.
Mr. DUNHAM offered the following amend-
ment:
Jlnd he it ftiiiher enacted, That the assistant of the
Superintendent of the Hall of the Exploring Expedition shall
hciealter receive a compensation at the rate of seven hun-
dred and one dollars per annum, to be paid out of the same
tumi out of which he ih now paid.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. That same
amendment, providing for the man who sweeps
the room was voted down yesterday.
The CHAIRMAN, it yesterday contained
$7U0. To day it is $701.
Mr. STANLY. That amendment comes from
the committee of Ways and Means, is sanctioned
by them, and 1 think it should be adopted.
The question was then taken on the amendment,
and it was not agreed to,
Mr, HOUSTON. I move that the committee
rise, and report the bill to the House.
Mr. STANLY. Is it in order to go back in
the bill?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not except by unan-
imous consent?
Mr. STANLY offered the following amend-
ment:
For the completion of the hospital at Cleveland, Ohio,
;';8/j70.
Mr. HOUSTON. That is a recurrence to former
clauscs in the bill, and it is not in older. If we
allow that, we shall have to go back to every pari
of the hill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would remark
that you cannot go back upon the bill, except by
the general consent of the committee. Objection
being made the Chair rules the amendment out of
order.
Mr. STANLY. Upon what ground >
The CHAIRMAN. Upon the ground of irre-
levancy.
Mr. STANLY. I offer it as an additional sec-
tion to the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. In the opinion of the
Chair, that will not change the point of order.
Mr. STANLY. Does the Chair rule it out of
order, because it does not carry out a provision of
law.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
we have passed the point m the bill at which it
might have been offered. We &lm!l never finish
the hill unless some rule of this kind be observed.
There is a provision in the bill for the completion
of marine hospitals, and nfter that clause of the
bill was passed, the Chair ruled that amendments
pioperly applicable to that clause of the bill at the
time it was under consideration, could not be re-
ceived or entertained by the committee afterwards.
The Chair so ruled upon an amendment which
was offered, proposing to amend the first clause
of this bill, in relation to appropriations for the
pay of the legislative department of the Govern-
ment, but that amendment was received by uni-
versal consent.
Mr. PARKER offered the following amend-
ment:
That from and after the parage of this act, the salary of
each ot the diMnct nidges ot the United States shall be at
leaM pei annum.
Mi. HOUSTON. That amendment has been
ruled out of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has ruled an
amendment similar to this out of order; mid he
is still of the same opinion, and rules this out of
order.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois. The Chair ruled
the amendment to which he refers out of order,
because it was offered at the wrong place.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks it is of-
fered at the wrong place now.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I appeal from the decision
of the Chair.
The question now being, Shall the decision of
the Chair stands as the judgment of the committee?
it was put, and decided in the affirmative.
So tho decision of the Chair was sustained.
