2192
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 11.
Mr. GORMAN offered the following amend- >
ment as an additional section to the bill: |
Sec.— That the sum of $400 be appropriated to the sec- ;j
ond regiment of artillery, United States Army, for musical |
instruments lost or destroyed by casualties (tunng the bar- ,
ties of Ceiro Gordo and Molino del Pey, the soldiers of the
band having been called into the ranks with muskets, anrl ;
required to abandon their instruments, to bepaidunderthe :
order of the Secretary of the Treasury, to the adjutant of
said regiment for the use of the regimental fund.
Mr. ORR. I raise a question of order upon j
that amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of the opin- j
ion that the amendment does not propose an ap- ;
propriation to carry out the civil and diplomatic
expenses of the Government, and therefore rules ,
it out of order.
Mr. HEBARD. 1 wish to call the attention of j
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and ;j
Means to a verbal amendment which should he :j
made to the bill, on the sixteenth page, line three \
hundred and twenty-nine, where the words "south- j
east" should be substituted/or the words " north- !
west," in the provision for the building" at the cor- |
ner of F and Seventeeth streets. j
Mr. ORR. That amendment can be made in j
the House as well as heie.
Mr. HOUSTON. That, building- lias always j
been described in appropriation bills, as it is here. J
Mr. HOUSTON. I move that the committee j
rise and report the bill to the House.
The question was taken, and the motion was ;
agreed to. j
The committee accordingly rose, and the Speaker '
having resumed the chair, the chairman of the \
committee (Mr. Phelps) reported that the Com- :
mittee of the Whole on the stateof the Union had,
according to order, had the state of the Union gen- '
erally under consideration, and particularly House j
bill No. 196, " making appropriation for the civil
and diplomatic expenses of the Government for -
the fiscal year ending June 30, 3853, and for other |
purposes," and had directed lurn to report the lull, ,
with sundry amendments, to the House.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 call for the previous ques-
tion upon the bill and amendments.
The call for the previous question was seconded, 1
and the mam question was then ordered to be put ■
The SPEAKER. Unless there be objection \
the usual course will be pursued, the amendments !
made by the Committee of the Whole will be read
by the Clerk, and if any member desires a sepa-
rate vote upon any one of them he will ri^e m lus
place and say so. Those to which (here shall be
no objection will then be voted upon in the jrioss.
There was no objection, and altei the Ciet k had
read all the amendments, the question was put
upon those to which theie was no objection, and
they were agreed to.
The Clerk then iead the following amendment,
upon which Mr. Houston had asked a separate
vote:
Add nt the ond of tltft elaiw—
4£ For supplying light houses containing '3,'2T2 lamp* with
oil, tube glares wicks, bull'skin^, whiting, and cotton
cloth, iiiin.jpotunon and oibei expenvs on the iame, and
for repaunur and keeping ui repau the lightm;* apnat.un--,
mV>
—the lollowihg:
"Ami tin: j ■> li.neby ailthonzed and requited
to levy the saiiu- light dunes and eha.gr-, upon foreign ves-
sel;- entcling the , >its and h.ubois o! the f'-ited Sf.tr -s, 0)
{lapsing the h«ht houses ijiejeof, a-> sue chained in coj.
poration, ot t)v any ion i;jn (iovcrnmi'iit, to the < mr.< oi
aubjcN oE which siieh \v--els iii.u l   ifjiu, upon vest's
o{ Hie Ciuted Mate-i. The ^aid moncj, when >o colhvted,
to be earned into the Trea-auv, and !he amorm iheieof to
be annnallv reported to Corurrcss : PmviJe.i, That siu-ii
duties shall not conflict with exuding treaties.*'
Mr. HART demanded tellers; which were or-
dered; and Messrs. Hamilton and Chandler
were appointed.
Mr. MILLSON demanded the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment was disagreed to—yeas 66, nays 81; as fol-
lows:
YEAS—'Mecqp, liarrere, Bennett, Kiburhau', Btenton,
E. Camumon Cabeil, Caldwell, LevVio D Campbell, Daw-
son, Dimmick, Disney, Dockery, Dou, Fiekim, rioicin'e,
Thoma* J. 0. Fuller, Gamble, Givlo/d, Gentiy, Cilnioiej
Gorman, Hamilton, Hammond, Hatpef, Haif. liebaid. nib-
bard, Hoi-loid, John VV. Howe, T homa-> M. Howe, Thom-
as Y flow, litg^r^oll, Andrew Johnson, J. Glaiuj Jone>,
Kurtz, Isaiah v, Mann, McNair, Miller, Miner, John Moore,
Morehead, Murrav, Outlaw, Andrew Parker. Samuel XV.
Parker, Peaslee, Penn, Penmman, Perkin-, Porter, Reed.
Riddl**, Schermerhorn, Schoonmaker, Skelton, Smart,
Stanly, Benjamin Stanton, Abraham P. Stephens, Strother,
Sweewer, Taylor, Walbndge, Ward, Washburn, Welch,
Wells, Addison White, Wildnck, and Yates—66.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Willis Alien, Allison, William
Appleion, Ceale, Bissell, Bocoek, Breckinridge, Brigga,
Brooks, George II. Brown, Buell, Burrows, Joseph Cable,
Thompson Campbell, Cartter, Cackle, Chandler, Chapman,
Cha-^tain, Churchwell, Clark, Chngman, Cobb, Colcock,
Curtis, JohnG. Davis, Dean, Dunham, Edgerton, Edmund-
son, Faulkner, Fneh, Floyd, Fowler, Freeman, Henry M-
Fuller, Goodenow, Isham G. Harris, Sampson W. Harn^,
Ilaven, Henn, Hillyer, Holladay, Houston, Jackson, Rob-
ert W. Johnson, George W. Jonen, George G. King, Preston
King, Letcher, Lockhart, Martin, McOorkle, McMullin,
McQueen, Meade, Million, Molony, Henry 1"). Moore,
Murphy, Orr, Phelps, Polk, Richardson, Robbing Robie,
Ro>s, David L. Seymour, Origen S. Seymour, Smith, Fred-
erick P. Stanton, St. Martin, Stratton,Thurston, Venable,
Wallace, Walsh, Watkins, Wilcox, and Woodward—81.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Pending the announcement of the above vote,
Mr. Bayly, of Virginia, asked leave to vote, not
having been within the bar when his name was
called, but objection was made. He would have
voted in the negative.
The question next recurred on the following
amendment, which was agreed to:
<> To cany into effect the act approved September28,1850,
foi the purchase ol a cemetery near the city ot Mexico, and
the intei ment therein of the remains of the American offi-
eeis and soldiers who fell in battle or otherwise, in oi near
the city of Mexico, the cum o( ,$3,001), which, or so much
thereof as may be neces>ary, shall be expended for this
purpose, under the dnection of the Piesident of the United
States And tiiemteiment of citizens of the United States,
who have heretofore died, or who may hereafter die m
Me\u-o, may be made in said < emcteiy, under such regu-
lations us may be prescribed by the Pi evident of the United
States.'1
The next amendment upon which a separate
vote was asked by Mr. Houston-, was read and
agreed to, as follows:
" On page thirty-one, strike from the following clause
{ $3,U0 y and in lieu thereof n scit' $o,')00:'
"For salary of the Commissions to the Sandwich
Inland-, ^3,W)U."
The Clerk read the following amendment, upon
which a separate vote was asked by Mr. Hebakp;
u In file following clause illicit after the word 1 .salary,'
the word-k and outsit,' and strike out v$8.000/and inseit
m it- stead < £18,000:'
'• Foi sal.uyof a Conmn^sionei to reside m China, in-
eluding the additional compensation under the act to earty
into effect ceitain piovn-ions m the Ueaties between the
United States and China and Hie Ottoman Porto, .<*6,000."
Mr. STANTOiN , of Ohio, demanded the yeas
and nays; which were ordered.
The question was then taken, and Use amend-
j ment was agreed to—ayes 122, nays 27; as fol-
i lows:
! YEAP—Meesis. Aiken, Willis Allen, William Appleton,
I Ashe, Avereit, Babeoek,Thoin,H li Bayly. Bennett, Bjbtg-
! hau<, Bis^cll, iioeoek, Ureckiniidge, Un g«., Brofdo", Al-
' boi t (!. 151 own, (Jcoigc 11- Biou u, iJimow?, II. Cart ington
; C.ibell, Joseph ('able. Caldwell, lcvm*  i). Campbell,
! Thompson Canipbell, Cartiei, Caskie, Chandler, Chapman,
C ha.stain. ('I in i eh well, Clark, Cimgman. Colock. IJaw^on,
l)i-ney, Doty, Dnnliam, Etlgciton, EdmumNon, Faulkoei,
T'ltch, Floicnce, Jlemy iM. Fullci,'J'honias J. D. I'^iilei,
(i.)uihh', (iajioid, (Jenny, Gilmoic, Goodenow, (Jounap,
Hall, Hamilton, Hammond, isham G. JIarris, Sampson W.
Ilarus, Hart, Ilaven, Henn, Hill>ei, Hollada\, Hoi^'onl,
! Houston, Howard, Thomas M Howe, Thomas V. Ilow,
|j ingcr oll, Jackson, Hobert W. Joln^ou, Daniel T. Jones,
ij J. (Jlancy Jones, George G. King, i^indiy, Letdiei, Lock-
hai), Mai tin, McCorkle, Mei-iucen, Meade, Miljei ,M ilKon.
|| Molony, Heiuj I). Moore, John Mooie,Mmehead, Mnuay,
i! On, (hitlaw, Samuel W. J'arkci, Phelps, l'olk, Pi ice,
,, J^iehanNon, {{.iddle, Robbins, Robie. Saekett, Scncimei
J botn. Schoonniaker. Origen S. Sevmour, Smart, Smith,
l'"i"dencl\ P. Stanton, Abraham P. Stephen-., Alexaider
!■ II Si-'iihens, Stone, St .Martin, M.a'ton. Sitolliei', Sweet
; mt, T.'Mor, Thu^toii. Venable, Waibndg<', Wallace,
■[ VVaNh. Waul, Washburn, Watkins, Welch, WelL-, VVil-
| eo\. Woodwaul, and 1^2-2.
' NA'i'S—MesM*.. Bairere, BeaK'. Bientou, Buell, Cobb,
j Cuiti-, Joint G Daviv, Dean, Flowl. Fowler. Harp •!, (Ich-
ard. Kibirud, John W. Howe, Jenkins, Andtew John-on,
j Geoigo W Jo.ie.-, Mace. Mann, Me.Muliui, Andrew Paiket,
1'nkins, Kced, lions, rikelton, Benjamin Stanton, and
: Wildiiek—07.
jj So the amendment was agreed to.
;j Thefollowingamendment was read,Mr. Broohs
having a&ked a separate vote upon it:
J' A'tcr the provision toi the salary of the consul goneia! at
! \ Alexandtia, in- ei t m tollow.n :
sl To coitipcii j.'te D.ib'icy S. C5)ii, for r\pen?e^in"iinrt!
while in the diplomatic service of tiie countiy. to beallowed
1 'it t'.i Uciuent oi hia accounts with tiiy Government,
i' ±7,144  
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment was agreed to.
ij The Cleik next rend the following amendment,
•j to come m after line eight hundred and thirty-four:
,] "For the repairs of the two bridge* over the Eastern
Branch of the Potomac, ^4,899."
■ j The question was put; and, upon a division, there
i were—ayes 60 
Mr. FICKLIN demanded the yeas and nays;
I which were not ordered.
Mr. ROBBINS demanded tellers; which were
ordered; and Messrs. Stephens, of Georgia, and
Hamilton were appointed.
The question was again put, and the amend-
ment was «greed to—the tellers having reported—
ayes 74, noes 44.
Mr. McMULLIN. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The question was put, and, upon a division,
there were—ayes 41 
Mr. ORR demanded tellers; which were not or-
dered.
The yeas and nays were demanded, but not or-
dered.
The question was again put, and the House re-
fused to adjourn.
The following amendment, to come in after the
one just adopted, was next read by the Cletk:
"That the bridges acioss the Potomac and Hasteni Bianch
thereof be surrendeied to the auihoutics ot the District of
Columbia."
The question was taken, and the amendment
was agreed to; there being—ayes 64, noes 60.
The Clerk read the following amendment, to
come m after line ei^ht hundred and seventy-six;
upon which Mr. Joxes, of Tennessee, asked a
separate vote:
"For rcluudmg to the State of Michigan tho amount of
moneyadvaiiced by vaid Slate in orgamzuicz. subsisting, and
tiansfportmg volunteers pievmus t.> their beins mustered
into the service ot the United States during the late war
with Mexico, together with the int<jiest on such s-uni at six
percent, per annum, ^-20,000 ; which ■said sum, oi so much
thereof as '•hall be necessary to pay and cancul the claim of
said State, a  presented, and nnwoii file in tfie office ofthe
Third Auditor of the Tiea«-uiy Dcpaituient, togetiur with
interest as aiorcaid, on -aid claim from the time said ad-
vances were made bv said State, shall be paid by the Sec-
retary of the Treasuiy to the Governor or other pioper of-
ficer of the said State of Michigan."
Mr. STANLY demanded tellers; which were
not ordered.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment was disagreed to.
Mr. GENTRY. There are very many import-
ant amendments j'et to be considered, and 1 move
that the House do now adjourn.
The question was put, and the House refused
to adjourn.
The following amendment, to come in after line
eight hundred and seventy-six, was next read:
"To refund to the State ofNoith c'aiohna the amount of
money advanced and nan-portation luruished to volunteers
t'lom that State duiing the Jato war with Mi mco, the sum
'.1^2 33, with iiitcic-t nt the rate of six per centum per
annum, fiom the fh>t day ot March, m the >ear 1847, until
paid.''
Mr. STANLY. This passed the Senate last
year. I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs, Clingman
and Ciiaydixk weie appointed.
The question w;k-j then taken, aa-1 the amend-
ment was disagreed to; the tellers having reported
—ayes 31, noes not counted.
The question was then put upon the following
amendment, and it was ugre?d to, viz:
•''For the conjunction and equmment of not If'1-* than
six icvenue cutters, the sum o! ,v,tn5uOJ5 (he f-am- urn to
bo expended under the direction ot tile occieiiry ui tiu
Tiea-uiy."
jl The following amendment was next read by
the Clerk:
uTo enabl" the Oieik of the IIou«e of Reprc--cntanvp«t to
dehvi'i to each of tiie members and Dei< antes o: the pres-
not aheuiv i-*u r,.-d liter,!, such
jf.L
• Tv
book* a-i haw beee unui^hed
e.^iith, 'Pwrnty-mnth, Tnuticth, and 'I'lU't-.-fiist Con-
gie>-(^, wincli wcie oideieu by u--olutn"'!t oi tiie House,
July Jitith, K^o'2, c'l lojfbO I^rotuleif, That the account tor
the puieha-v' ot said books be audited, as u-ual; by the
Committee on Account•>: P)uti<le<l, futther% That repoit
shall he nude in detail at th" c(-muiei ccfnt ),t oi the i>ext
<f «i>ion of Congr - 's ot tiie mode and •iiairsG' el'purchase of
the bo-^ks, and wncnee they aie obtained."
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, demanded the yeas
and nays upon the amendment; which were not
ordered.
Mr. CAMPBELL demanded tellers; which
were ordered; ana Messrs. Campbell, of Illinois,
and Fowler, were appointed.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was agreed to; the tellers having r.-ported—ayes
77, noes 47.
The House proceeded next to consider the
amendment of Mr, Gentry, us amended, [in-
serted m a preceding column,] allowing to clerks,
messengers, watchmen, and laborets employed in
the executive and legislative Departments of the
Government, whose compensation does not exceed
