•2194
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 1%
Mj\ JONES, of Tennessee. I was going on to
explain, as briefly a3 I can, the circumstances con-
nected with this proposition. The Government
owns ten acres of ground within the limits of
Memphis. The corporation of that city own
about an equal quantity of ground in the vicinity
of that owned by the Government. Upon the
ground owned by the corporation they have erect-
ed a large hospital. The Government, as you are
aware, has no hospital there. Our people are
very much taxed for the support of that hospital,
both by the State government and the corporate
authorities of the city. The property owned by
the Government within the limits of the city we
feel to be an improper location for an hospital,being
somewhat in the heart of the city. It is estimated
by persons who were directed by the Government
to investigate the value of it, that the property
owned by the Government is worth from $10,000
to $15,000. My own opinion is, that $10,000 is
the utmost to which it can be carried. The prop-
erty owned by the corporation—the buildings in-
cluded—must be worth $30,000 or $40,000, or per-
haps ^50,000. The proposition here is, that the
Government will transfer to the corporation its
property within the corporate limits, upon con-
dition that the corporation will cedp to the Govern-
ment, for the purpose of a marine hospital, the
grounds upon which their hospital is already
erected. I do not know that the corporation can
accept it; but 1 desire to give them the opportu-
nity of doing so, believing that in doing it we shall
promote the public, national interest, and protect
the corporation; because the citizens are very
heavily taxed for the purpose of sustaining the
sick which are thrown upon our hands. The
Government has no marine hospital, as you know,
within two hundred miles of us, and our taxes fire
enormous. We ask the Government to take that
hospital, if the corporation will cede it to them,
and convert it into a marine hospital. That is the
simple statement of the facts.
Mr. SHIELDS. As I understand it, an arsenal
is located on the land owned by the United States,
and, consequently, it is under the direction and
control of the War Department. There is a gen-
eral law authorizing the War Department, in all
cases of this kind, to dispose of property of that
character when it becomes useless for the public
service. That law is now in force. I have intro-
duced an amendment at this session of Congress
extending its provisions. This bill has been re-
ported by the Committee on Public Lands, but it
is always usual, in cases of this kind, to consult
with the proper Department, and ascertain whether
that is essential to the inteiests of the public ser-
vice before the land is ceded away in this manner.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If the gentleman
will permit me, I will explain that that very thing
has been done. Some months ago the Secretary
of War ordered a sale of this groundas being use-
less to the Government. The property was ad-
vertised for sale. Before the time of sale arrived,
however, this proposition had been submitted to
the Committee on Public Lands. He then with-
drew the order to sell, and he has been written to
by theCommittee on Public Lands. His response
is now before that committee, m which he savs
that the property is useless to the Government for
the purpose for which it was originally intended.
I know the fact that it has not been used by the
Government for any public purposes for the last
ten, twelve, or fifteen years.
Mr. SHIELDS. That may all be true, but
this has taken a most extraordinary course. Every
other proposition of this kind has gone before the
Committee ou Military Affairs. It is true, I do
not want the trouble of this investigation; but we
consult with the proper Department; we ascertain
whether an arsenal is needed before we act on
such a case as this. I do not know the condition
of the arsenals along the Mississippi river, but this
i do know, that an arsenal is essentially necessary
in that portion of the country; and, sir, we are
goinic to purchase lands in various parts of the
country, in order to havearsenals at the assailable
points; one to control the Mississippi river; an-
other the Gulf; another the southern Atlantic
coast; another the northern Atlantic coast; another
the Pacific, and so on. I wish, as chairman of
that committee, to submit the matter to the com-
mittee, and to consult with the Departmenton the
subject, and ascertain whether there is any other
point on the Mississippi river that we can now
appropriate for an arsenal. If there be a better
one, and if we can do so, I am willing, but not
otherwise. I have no opposition on earth to the
hill as it stands, except that I know nothing of the
facts. But I know, and every man knows, that
an arsenal is necessary in that portion of the coun-
try somewhere. I move the reference of the bill
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. BORLAND. I will not disagree with my
honorable friend from Illinois, as to what should
have been the proper reference of this subject in
the first instance. I think with him that a refer-
ence to the Military Committee would have been
the most proper. But, Mr. President, under the
circumstances, I do not see the propriety or ne-
cessity of making that reference now. A different
direction was given to it, perhaps inadvertently, in
the first instance, and the Committee on Public
Lands, it seems to me, were, under the circum-
stances, competent to make a proper report on the I
subject; particularly from the fact that this arsenal, i
so called, at Memphis, cannot he and has not been j
considered a military establishment for many I
years. If if. was, it was not used as an arsenal. !
Many years ago, perhaps twelve years ago, it was !
rented out for other purposes, and has been so j
used ever since, and has never been used by the
Government from the time of its construction for i
a military establishment. T remember, being a |
citizen of Memphis at the time,—for I drew up an i
application,—that the establishment was used by a .
private individual for aschool. It was so used for i
many vears; and such was the conviction of the j
War Department that it was not necessary as an I
arsenal, that,in the exerciseof thepower to which |
the Senator has referred, it was offered for sale; ;
but upon the supposition that an arrangement j
eoually beneficial to the Government, and at the j
same time more beneficial perhaps to the city of ,
Memphis miffht be made, the order was with-
drawn, and the matter has been suffered to rest
until it can be ascertained whether this matter can
be consummated. I think that for these reasons,
as the hill has been reported from the Committee
on Public Lands, where all these matters are un-
derstood, it will be better to let it be disposed of
now, as otherwise it may lead to a considerable
consumption of the time of the Senate.
| Mr. SHIELDS. 1 therefore withdraw my
motion; but I request the friends of this bill to
suffer it to lie over till to-morrow. I wish, for
I my own satisfaction, to consult, not the heads of
i Departments only, but gentlemen specially em-
i, ployed in this business; and it occurs to me that
• that may he the most advantageous point for an
j arsenal. Of that, however, I know very little.
I Mr. UNDERWOOD. I will make that mo-
tion.
; The bill was accordingly laid over, and ordered
1 to be printed.
j THE HOMESTEAD BILL.
: Mr. WALKER. I move to postpone all the
I prior orders, for the purpose of taking up the bill
i usually designated u the homestead bill."
i The PRESIDENT. The Chair has called for
| reports.
■ Mr. WALKER. That may be; but I merely
cxcrcisc the right which is exercised here almost
every day—to move to postpone the prior orders
! for the purpose of taking up a particular bill.
' The PRESIDENT. The Chair will put the
' question.
i Mr. SHIELDS. I shall vote against the mo-
tion to take up the bill, unless the Senator will
j wait until we shall finish the morning business.
| That being got through, I shall be ready to take |
it up at hiiv tune. ;
i Mr. WALKER. I shall ask for the yeas and I
I! navs upon the motion to fake up the bill, !
j The yeas and nays were ordered, and taken, !
i' with the following result: j
YEAS—"Vipers. Holland, IJrisht, Cass Cha^e, Dodsre of j
Wisconsin, Dodge of fowa, Foot, Sebastian, Seward. !
Stopklon, Sumner, Wade, Walker, and Weller—14. |
NAVS—Messrs. Adams, Atflii^on, Badger, Bell, Biad- j
bury, ftrodhrad, Hrooke, Bnt.'ei, Charlton, Clarke. Clem- i
ens, Davis Dawson, Be Saus«ure, Fefch, Fish, Gever, I
Hamlin. Fluntei. Jones of Tennessee, King, Mernvethei, ;
Miller, IVorri®:, Pearee, Pratt, Shields, Spiuanco, Touccy, J
Underwood, and Upham—33. i
ROBERT GRIGNON. |
Mr. ATCHISON. I am instructed by the f
Committee on Indian Affairs to report a bill for j
the relief of Robert Grignon. I ask that it be j
now considered; but if it should give rise to any
debate, 1 will at once move to postpone it.
The bill was read a first and second time, and
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
proposes to authorize the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to pay to Robert Grignon the sum of $20,000,
in full satisfaction of his claim asatnst the United
States, arising out of a clause of the second article
of a treaty made between the United States and
the Menomonee Indians the 30th September,
1836; which clause was stricken out of the treaty
by the Senate by way of amendment to the tieaty.
No part of this money, however, is to be paid
without the consent of the Menomonee Indians
being first obtained, and without a full relinquish-
ment, of that amount on the part of the tribe to
the United States.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I must ask the gentle-
man from Missouri [Mr. Atciiison] to give us a
short explanation of this matter.
Mr. ATCHISON. I will do so. Under a
treaty made in 1836, the Menomonee Indians had
a school fund to the amount of $1,000 a year for
twenty years. When the treaty was made in
1836—which was negotiated by my friend from
Wisconsin, [Mr. Dodge]—they said that they
wanted no school funds, but that the money ap-
propriated should go to their friend Robert Grig-
non, who, when they were starving, had fed
them, and when they were naked had clothed
them. A clause was put into the treaty for that
purpose, and when it came up for consideration
before the Senate, in pursuance of the policy
which the Senate had pursued, they struck out the
clause, and since that time the Indians have unan-
imously refused to touch a single dollar of the
money, although they might have had it under the
treaty. They said it belonged to their friend, and
they insisted, and still insist, that he should have
it.
Mr. BORLAND. I do not understand this
subject. It is the first I have heard of it. It may
be all right; but I would like to know in what
form and manner the Menomonee Indians come
before Congress and ask that this money shall be
so paid. Was this money to bejpaid to them in
their collective capacity as a tribe ? or was it to be
appropriated in a particular way according to the
stipulations of a treaty ?
Again, have they come forward as a tribe, in
their tribal character and capacity, duly repre-
sented here, and asked that this money should be
paid in this manner? or is it some agent, profess-
ing to act for them, who asks for this large inter-
i est which belongs to these Indians > I merely ask
for information. I wish to know by what author-
ity he acts for them, if he has any authority at
all.
Mr. ATCHISON. I will ask that a letterfrom
the Department of the Interior be read, which will
; explain the matter.
j The letter was read:
' Department of tiie Interior, \
! Office Indian Affairs, February 21, 1S31. \
I Sir : The resolution or the Senate, adopted in Execu-
i tivo se^ion on tin; 39th instant, in the words following,
i viz;: " Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be re-
! f|nested to communicate to the Senate a copy of the treaty
. between the United State* and the Menomonee tribe of In—
1 dians, bearing date the 3d day of September, 18.%, and to
| inform the Seriate whether said treaty has ever been sub-
[ imtted to those Indians ; and the amendments: of the. Sen-
! ate agreed to by thorn," having been referred by vou to this
j ofhee, I have tiie honor to report, that the records and files
I of the office afford no evidence that the treaty ret'eired to
t in said resolution was ever .-ubmitted to said Indian*, and
l the amendments of the Senate agreed to by them. They
I have, however, impliedly as>ented to or acquiesced in all
J of wild amendments, with the exception of one strikmgout
j of the clause pioviding for the annuity of ,000 for twentv
i years to Robeit Grignon, To this amendment they have
j ever been opposed, and in various wavs have insisted that.
! the onginal stipulations! for Grignun's? benefit should be I ill—
| filled.
j A printed copy of the treaty is inclosed—the original be-
ing on file m the office of the Secretary of State.
j Very respectfully, your obedient scivant,
; I,. LEA, Commissioner.
\ Hon. A. II. II. Stu \rt, Secretary of the Interior.
\ Mr. ATCHISON. That letter shows very
! clearly that the Indians have acquiesced in all the
i amendments, except this one which was made by
! the Senate, and that they have uniformly refused
to acquiesce in this amendment,and have insisted,
and still insist, that the money shall be paid to
Grignon. It is the money of the Indians—the
money of the whole tribe. They have made this
disposition of it by the treaty; but the Senate did
not consent to it, and struck it out. The Indians
