1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2195
have never agreed to it. The Senator from Wis-
consin [Mr. Dodge] can state what took place at
the time the treaty was made.
Mr, DODGE, of Wisconsin. I will state the
facte connected with this subject. The treaty was
made in good faith, and the Indians, at the time,
yrged the payment of this money totheir friend and
relative, Robert Grignon. Since the treaty was
made on the30th September, 1836,1 have had fre-
quent conferences with th-e chiefs of the Menom-
onees, and they have uniformly stated to me that
they would never receive from the Government
that money, which belonged to their friend and
relative, Robert Grignon. When Superintendent
of Indian Affairs, they called my attention to the
subject on three or four different occasions, when
holding councils with them. The treaty, as I
have said, was made in good faith, and was rati-
fied by the Senate, with the exception of this sec-
tion, which was stricken out, although the chiefs
and warriors were desirous that it should be passed.
The recipient, Mr. Grignon, is an estimable, but
very poor man, who has fought m defense of the
country, and who now receives a pension for the
services which lie rendered to the country. I know
him to be honest, and believe him to be brave.
He has merited the kindness of the Indians, and
the rejection of this bill would do him a great in-
justice. The Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Cass,]
under whom several of those treaties were made,
knows the character of the Grignon family, and
X will call on him to state whether the family is
not honorable and respected among the Indians.
Mr. CASS. I know the family very well. I
know they have been a faithful and honest family,
and are considered at home very respectable. I
know nothing about the merits of this case. I
will observe, now that I am up, that when this
•subject was introduced by the Senator from Mis-
souri, he proposed to withdraw it if it should lead
to debate. It seems to me likely to lead to discus-
sion, and I trust that it may be laid aside, for the
purpose of proceeding, according to an arrange-
ment as it was understood, to the consideration of
the bill providing for the construction of a canal
around the Falls of the Sault Ste. Marie.
Mr. BORLAND. I do not wish to make a
speech, but I desire to say a word. The honor-
able Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. Dodge] mis-
took me, if he supposed that i was opposing the
claim.
Mr. DODGE, of Wisconsin. I did not under-
stand that the Senator opposed the claim, but sim-
ply wished to have the matter explained.
Mr. BORLAND. My object, as I stated in
the beginning, was to get some information upon
this matter, which had not come under my obser-
vation before. It seemed a little extraordinary I
thought-, but the explanation is very satisfactory,
except in one respect. I think it would be a bet-
ter mode of accomplishing the object, and that it
would he more certainly done, by paying the money
to the Indians, and then let them pay it to Grig-
non, if they wish, in good faith, to do so.
Mr. ATCHISON. That is provided for in the
bill, or the same thing.
Mr. WALKER. It expresses that it is to be
with their assent.
Mr. BORLAND. Then I have no objection
to it.
The bill was reported to the Senate, and ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of the Interior,
communicating, in compliance with a resolution
of the Senate, a letter from the Commissioner of
Indian Affairs, with copies of communications
received from the agents of the Department in Cali-
fornia, in relation to debts contracted by them:
which was ordered to be laid upon the table, and :
printed. !
BILL INTRODUCED. j
Mr. SEWARD, by unanimous consent, asked ,
and obtained leave to introduce a bill to extend the J
provisions of the fourth section of "An act to ;
' grant the right of way to all rail and plank roads ;
(and macadamized turnpikes passing through the |
* public land belonging to the United States," ap- j
proved August 4, 1852, for the purpose therein :
named; which was read a first, and second time |
by its title, and referred to the Committee on Pub- i
lie Lands. '
TONNAGE DUTIES.
Oil motion by Mr. SEWARD, it was
OrJered, That five hundred additional copies be printed
of the report of the Committee on Commerce, respecting
the repeal of tonnage duties on Spanish vessels from Cuba
and Porto Rico.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
The bill making appropriation for the current
and contingent expenses of the Indian Depart-
ment, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with
various Indian tribes for the year ending June 30,
1853, was read a third time as amended, and
passed.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC APPROPRIATIONS,
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Hayes, its Chief Clerk,
announcing that it had passed a bill making ap-
propriations for the civil and diplomatic expenses
of the Government, for the year ending June 30,
1853-
The bill was read a first and second time by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Finance.
JUDICIAL FEES AND COSTS.
The message from the House of Representatives
also announced that ilhad passed a bill to regulate
the fees and costs to be allowed clerks, marshals,
and attorneys of the circuit and district courts of
the United States. The bill was read a first and
second time by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
THE NORTH AMERICAN FISHERIES.
The Senate then resumed the consideration of
the motion made by Mr. Cass, on the 3d instant,
that the message of the President of the United
States communicating information in relation to
the fisheries, be referred to the Committee on For-
eign Relations; when
Mr. SOULE rose, and addressed the Senate at
length, and was followed by Messrs. CASS,
BUTLER, and SEWARD, the latter of whom
gave way for a motion to postpone the further
consideration of the subject until Saturday next;
which, after considerable discussion, was agreed
to, and Mr. Seward will occupy the floor on Sat-
urday.
[See Appendix for this debate.]
EXECUTIVE BUSINESS.
On motion by Mr. MASON, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of Executive business;
and after being engaged therein for some time, the
doors were reopened,
And the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, August 12, 1852.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by the Rev. C. M. Butler.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER. The question before the
House is upon ordering House bill No. 146, to
regulate the fees of clerks, marshals, and attorneys
of the district and citcuit courts of the United
States, to be engrossed and read the third time.
Mr. SMART. Before proceeding to the ex-
ecution of the order, I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to present a report merely for the
purpose of reference, and of having it put upon
record.
The SPEAKER. If there is no objection, the
bill will be read.
The title of the bill was then read, as follows:
"A hill to authorize the pavm^nt of the claim of the
State of Massachusetts for ccrtam services of her rmlifia
during the late war."
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object to that.
Mr. SMART. I will ask the gentleman to
withdraw the objection. I will state to him that
I have taken a great deal of pains to examine the
question. I wish merely to present the bill and
report that they may be put upon record.
Mr. JONES. Is'it for services in the late war
with Great Britain ?
Mr. SMART. It is.
Mr. JONES. I do not withdraw my objection.
Mr. McCORKLE. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to take from the table Senate
bill No. 7, providing "for the survey of public
lands in the State of "California," for the purpose
of reference.
Mr. AVERETT. I object to that, and call for
the regular order of business.
FEES OF UNITED STATES MARSHALS, ETC.
House bill No. 146, " regulating the fees and
costs to be allowed to clerks, marshals, and attor*
neys of the circuit and district courts of the United
Slates," being the business in erder, was ordered
to be engrossed, and being engrossed, was read
the third time.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee, I move the pre-
vious question upon the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. LETCHER. I ask the yeas and nays
upon the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were refused, but nine mem-
bers seconding the call—
Mr. LETCH ER. I demand a count upon the
other side.
The SPEAKER. The Chair doubts whether
such a demand as that can be made—the number
rising to second the call is less than one fifth of a.
quoiuni. The only object in counting the other
side would be, to see if there is a quorum. That
will be shown on a division upon the bill.
Mr. LETCHER. I ask for tellers upon the
yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. In response to thegentleman
from Virginia, [Mr. Letcher,] he will recollect
that it is too late to call for tellers upon the yeas
and navs so long after it was announced that they
were not ordered. It is competent to have tellers
upon the passage of the bilk
Mr. LETCHER. Is it in order to move a call
of the House?
The SPEAKER. It is not, the previous ques-
tion having been oidered,
Mr. LETCHER. I move that the House ad-
journ, and upon that motion I demand the yeas
and nays.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, Is it in order
to move to lay the bill upon the table?
The SPEAKER It is in order.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then I make that motion.
The question being first upon the motion that
the House adjourn —
Mr. LETdTTER demanded the yeas and nays;
which were ordered, and being taken, were—yeas
2, nays 127.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question rccurrmg upon the motion to lay
the bill upon the table, it'was put, and the motion
was disagreed to.
The question recurring on the passage of the
bill-
Mr. SEYMOUR, demanded the yeas and nays;
which were not ordered.
The question was then taken, and it was decided
in the affirmative.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed, and
to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table;
which latter motion was agreed to.
BOUNTY LAND WARRANTS.
The SPEAKER. The next business in order,
is House bill No. ]20, authorizing certain soldiers
in the late war with Gieat Britain, to surrender
the bounty landsdrawn by them,and locate others
: in lieu thereof.
J Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. This bill was intro-
' duced by my colleague, [Mr. Hendricks.] He
, is necessarily absent from the city, and I move
I that the consideration of the bill be postponed until
I Wednesday next.
The SPEAKER. There is no objection, and
; it is so ordered.
! THE WHEELING BRIDGE CASE.
! The SPEAKER. The next business in order,
! is House bill No. 297, " declaring the Wheeling
: bridge a lawful structure, and for other purposes."
| Mr. WOODWARD being entitled to the floor,
occupied it until the expiration of the morning
; hour (without concluding) in discussing the rights
| of navigation, and the right to construct the bridge
' across the Ohio. He tested those rival rights by
| an application of the principles of the laws of na-
I tions thereto, and by an application of the prin-
. ciples of the Constitution of the United States,
I from which is derived the power to determine the
] rights of the parties in this contest, since the
j formation of the Federal Union. He argued that.
