1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1331
seriously, and not out of any disrespect to the gen-
tleman.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is disposed to
hear the gentleman proceed in his remarks, and
thinks that they are confined to the amendment.
Mr. SWEETSER. With all due respect to
the Chair, I insist upon my point of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
Mr. SWEETSER. 1 take an appeal from the
decision of the Chair,
The CHAIRMAN. The question is this: The
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Sweetser.] makes the
point of order that the gentleman from Maryland
[Mr. Evans] is out of order for irrelevancy in his
remarks. The Chair overrules the point of order
made by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Sweet-
ser,] and from this decision the gentleman ap-
peals. The question is, " Shall the decision of
the Chair stand as the judgment of the commit-
tee?"
The question was then taken upon the appeal,
and it was decided in the affirmative.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. EVANS. I would have been done before
now, had I not been interrupted. I say, that the
chairman of the Committee on Ways and Means
has reported $971,000—for I have added it up my-
self—for continuing surveys of the public lands,
for expenses of the land offices, and the General
Land Office in Washington. I submit to my
honorable friend, [Mr. Johnson,] who sits in front
of me, whether he ought not to provide in a bill
that the cost of surveys of these lands shall be
first paid by the party who takes them under this
grant, and whether he ought not to submit an ad-
ditional clause looking to that end ? Does he intend
that we shall appropriate $971,000 every year out
of the General Treasury to buy farms? It will
have that effect. Shall we make purchases based
upon the custom-house revenue for the purpose of
granting gratuities to any person ? I wonder that
the gentleman has not perceived that you ought to
have every expense that is connected with°these
public lands deducted before you donate them.
Suppose the expense of surveying the lands is ten
cents per acre, you have eleven times one hundred
and sixty to pay for the expense of land surveys
alone on every quarter section.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. It is twenty-
five cents per acre.
Mr. EVANS. I am told it is twenty-five cents;
that ought to be paid by the party befoie he takes
the land. I do not make these remarks out of
any feeling; for I have not time, in five minutes,
to express my general sentiments in regard to
this matter; but I make this suggestion for the
purpose of correcting that in this bill which must
strike every gentleman who will look at the matter
with fairness, as a thing decidedly improper. The
whole amount of it is this: I will state it, and
then take my seat, so as not to task too much the
patience of the committee—that we are to take
out of the Treasury $1,000,000 a year, with which
we.are to buy lands for the landless. You might
as well give them the money; you might as well
take the same money and buy lands jn the old
States at the same cost to the Government, if
grantees choose to make their election, and to take
their lands there instead of going to the newStates
at great expense; a journey, indeed, impossible to
most who need the benefits of this bill.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I do not de-
sire to discuss this question, but merely wish to
show that the objection made by the gentleman
from Maryland [Mr. Evajts] to this section, as it
seems to me, is not well founded. The appro-
priation proposed to be made by the Committee on
Ways and Means, to keep the land department
going on, is made without any reference at all to
this bill. They have not increased or diminished
the amount in view of the passage of this bill; i
and it has nothing to do with this matter. I will
remark, that it has been demonstrated upon a
former occasion, if this system is carried out, it
will increase the revenue to an extent greater than
we shall receive from the whole land system as it
is now.
Mr. HOUSTON. Will the gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Johnson] allow me to say, that
the appropriations now contemplated and alluded
to by the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Evans,]
are for the survey of lands that are not included
within the provisions of this bill. They are to
survey lands yet to be brought into market. This
bill confines itself to lands subject to private entry, i
and therefore the argument of the gentleman does '
not apply.
Mr. EVANS. As soon as they are brought
into market, they are certainly subject.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman is mistaken;
they are brought into market and first offered at
public sale. All that do not sell for as much as
$1 25 per acre, are then subject to private entry.
Mr. EVANS. Unquestionably. I ask the gen-
tleman if there are not 300,000,000 of acres now in
the market subject to private entry, and whether
these are surveyed ?
_ Mr, HOUSTON. I do not remember the pre-
cise amount of acres subject to private entry, but
suppose the gentleman greatly exceeds the true
amount. If, however, the gentleman desires to
strike the balance between this Government and
the public lands, he will find that th* Government
has realized much more for the lands than then-
entire cost, including all expenses. I admit that
this point does not involve the proper principle
upon which the friends of this bill should place it—
and I have only replied to my friend from Mary-
land, [Mr. Evans.]
The question was then taken on Mr. Evans's
amendment, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. BELL. I offer the following, to come in
as an additional section to the bill:
That the child'on, or when there are no children, then
the father and mother of any deceased officer or soldier,
who would, if living, have been entitled to the benefit of
the act of Congress, parsed September 28, 18.">0, shall he
entitled to have a patent issued for such quantity of land as
such officer or soldier would have been entitled to if living
at the passage of said act, and when no land wan ants had
issued on account ot such service, without requiring any
occupation upon the same, 011 proof of the quantity such
applicant is entitled to, and, also, on films: an affidavit of
such applicant's intention to become an actual settler upon
the same. Mich proof and affidavit to be made m such form
as may be prescribed by the Commissioner of the General
Land Office.
Mr. OLDS. I make this point of order, that
that same amendment was ruled out of order by
the Chair yesterday, and is not germane to this
bill.
The CHAIRMAN. In the opinion of the
Chair, the amendment is not m order, not being
germane to the subject of the bill.
Mr. BELL. I call the attention of the Chair
to the latter part of the amendment, which changes
the time of occupation.
Mr. OLDS. The phraseology of the latter part
of the amendment cannot alter the amendment
itself, which is to change the descent of the lands
granted under the bounty land bill. That cannot
be germane to this bill.
Mr. BELL. I wish to suggest, in reply to my
colleague, that the bill dispenses with occupation. |
The amendment is therefore surely pertinent to
the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The bill proposes certain
grants of lands, to be entered upon certain terms.
The amendment of the gentleman from Ohio pro-
poses to extend the provisions of the bounty land
act to a new class of persons. The Chair thinks
that cannot be in order. i
Mr. BELL. I appeal from the decision of the ;
Chair.
The question being put, u Shall the decision of !
the Chair stand as the judgment of the commit- j
teewas decided in the affirmative. ' i
So the decision of the Chair was sustained as
the judgment of the committee.
Mr. PENNIMAN. I offer the following as
an additional section to the bill: ;
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted. That from and after j
the passage of this act, any person making a purehd-'e of ■
public lands, «hall first make an affidavit before the register |
or receiver of the land office where entry is proposed to be ,
made, that the said applicant enter', or piopo^e.s to enter i
the same, for his own u*e and benefit, for settlement and 1
cultivation, by and for himself or herself.
Mr. HALL. Is that amendment in order? j
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment proposes ,
to make certain provisions respecting cases where \
persons purchase public land, and not where they
enter land under the provisions of this bill. The '
Chair thinks this is a new subject, and notger-1
mane to the objects of this bill,"and that it is not j
therefore m order. !
Mr. EVANS. I move to amend the last sec- |
tion of the bill by adding thereto the following: :
Provided, That all the costs of survey and entry shall be ,
paid by the settieis. '
I merely offer-that amendment for the purpose
of making a remark or two in answer to what
was said by the gentleman from' Alabama, [Mr.
Houston;]
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi-. I rise to a point
of order, and it is thisr that that section having
been passed, and two or three additional, sections
offered, it is now too late to go back and-amend
the section.
Mr. EVANS. In order to obviate that objec-
tion, I offer the amendment as an additional sec-
tion to the bilk The honorable chairman of the
Committee on Ways and Means remarked that
the sum of money in his appropriation bills for
surveys, amounting to nearly a million of dollars,
was for- the survey of lands yet to be brought into
inarket, and offered at public sale. That is true,
and it is also true that the lands have first to be
offered at public sale, before .they are subject to
private entry. But it must strike everybody that
none of these lands will be sold; for, the party
desiring land has only to bide his time, and wait
until the land has been offered at public sale, in
order that he may enter it under this bilk
Now, I do not intend to embarrass the bill by
any amendments, and for that reason" I have not
offered any. I merely desire to show to the friends
of the bill the necessity of providing that all the
expenses connected with the lands shall be borne
by the lands themselves, and should not be made
chargeable to the general Treasury.
I will now return to an argument, to which I
barely alluded when 1 was last upon the floor.
There are a great many persons in all parts of the
country, who would prefer to enter a tract of land
in one of the old States, than in a new State. Let
us take it for granted that they would prefer
twenty acres in an old State, to one hundred acres
in a new State. Why, then, should you not,
under the provisions of this bill, grant them as
much money as the one hundred and sixty acres
are worth, in order that they may therewith pur-
chase twenty acres at home* You will provide
them with homesteads in that way. There is an
abundance of land in the old States, and parties
there would really be benefited by not being com-
pelled to go abroad. All the purposes so forcibly
urged by the gentleman from Tennessee, and
others, would thus be attained; these persons
would have homes, they would be sheltered from
the inclemency of the weather, and would no
longer be liable to become paupers, at the charge
of the public. Unless you put a provision in this
bilk that the expense of the survey of the lands
shall be borne by the settlers, why should you not
make a grant of money out of the Treasury, to
parties in the old States who would prefer to pur-
chase a small tract of land in those States, rather
than to have a large tract in the new States?
I am quite confident that this aspect of the case
cannot have struck the friends of the bill, or they
would not desire to run into the Treasury to the
amount of a million of dollars a year, to keep up ex-
pensive land surveys, when there are already three
hundred millions of acres of land surveyed, and
subject to private entry. Why should you not
put a provision in this bill, that the parties who
take the lands shall pay the Government the actual
expense, and no more? It is but just and fair. 1
shall not offer the amendment, because, as I in-
tend to vote against the bill, it mi^ht be supposed
that I offered it to embarrass the bill. But I trust
some friend of the bill will offer it.
[Here the-l amrvterfel).]
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not desire to occupy
the time of the committee, but I must say a word
in reply to the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr.
Evans.] The gentleman says my argument is
not a good one, for the reason that the lands
when offered at public sale will not be purchased.
Now, if he is not-mistaken in that fact, he thereby
presents the serious charge 'against the Adminis-
tration of bringing lands into market before a public
demand exists for them. Why are lands brought
into market* To satisfy the demands for settle-
ment and cultivation. The President of the Uni-
ted States must withhold those lands from sale
until the public necessities and the imperative de-
mands of settlement require that they shall be
brought into market. If the lands already in
market are sufficient for the wants of the popula-
tion of the country, no more should be thrown
upon the market. It does not follow that because
the surveys are kept up, or even extended, that
