422
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 29,
' The SPEAKER replied that the morning hour
had not yet expired.
Mr. HARRIS moved that the rules besuspended
and that the House resolve itself into_ Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Uition.
Mr. McNAIR. I have been waiting very pa-
tiently for this matter to get through, to report a
resolution from the Committee on Agriculture.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman must be
aware that discussion is not in order during the
pendency of a motion to go into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. McNAIR. I expected that the call of the
committees would have been gone through with.
Mr. McLANAHAN. X ask the gentleman to
withdraw his motion for one moment, so as to
allow me to present a report.
Mr. HARRIS. If the gentleman could effect
his object, I would certainly do it.
Mr. CARTTER. He cannot do it until after
the other committees have been called.
Mr. HARRIS withdrew his motion.
Mr. McLANAHAN asked theunanimous con-
sent of the House to make a report.
Mr. OliDS objected.
The question was then taken on the motion to
lay the resolution on the table, and the result was
—yeas 77, nays 73; as follows:
YEAS—Messis. Abercrombie, Charles Allen, John Ap-
pleton, fianere, Bocock, Breekenmlge, Cartter, Chastam,
Churchwell, Consjer, Dawson, Dockcry, Dunham, East-
man, Faulkner, Fiekhn, Goodenow, Gorman, Hall, Ilar-
?er, Isham G. Harris, Sampson W. Harris, Hascali, Haven,
lebard, Hendricks, Ihbbmd, lhllyer, Holladay, Houston,
John W. Howe. Thomas Y. How. Hunter, Jenkins, An-
drew Johnson, James Johnson, John Johnson, Daniel T.
Jones, George W. Jones, George G. King, Preston King,
Khuns, Lrteher, Loekhart, Mann, Humphrey Marshall,
Mason,McLanahan,Meade, Miller, Millson, Miner, Molo-
ny, Henry T). Moore, Murpny, Nabers, Orr, Outlaw, Sam-
uel W. Parker, Phelps, Smith, Benjamin Stanton, Richard
II. Stanton, Abraham P. Stevens, Alexander H. Stephens,
Stuart, Swoetser, BenjanunThonipson, George W. Thomp-
son, Venabie, Walbiidge, Wallace, Walking Addison
White, Wilcox, Wildrirk, and Woodward—77.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, William Appleton, ]3abeoek,
Thomas I]. Bayly, Beale. Bell, Hibighaus, Howie, Bren-
ton, Brigs-*, Busby, E. Currin<rton Cabell, Caldwell, Thomp-
son Campbell, Caskio, Chandler, Clark, Cobb, Curtis,
George 7\ Davi^, Dean, Doty, Edgeiton, Edmundson,
Fitch, Florence, Fowlci, Freeman, Hemy M. Fuller,
Thomas J I). Fuller, Gamble, Gayloid, Gilmore, Green,
Grey, Grow, Hart, Henn, Robert W. Johnson, Martin,
McDonald, iVIcIVair, Morrison, Murray, Newton, Olds,
Peaslee, Polk, Powell, Puce, Riddle, Robbing, Robinson,
Savage, Schoolcraft, Schoomriaker, Scudder, Scurty, Da-
vid L. Seymour, OriRen S. Seymour, Frederick P. Stan-
ton, St. Martin, Stratton, Strotffbr, Taylor, Thurston,
Townshewl, Tuck, Walsh, Ward, Welch, Alexander
White, and Yates—73.
So the resolution was laid upon the table.
Mr. STANLY moved to reconsider the vote
just taken, and to lay that motion on the table;
which latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. DUNHAM. I desire to inquire of the
Chair if the morning hour has not expired ?
The SPEAKER, if has expired.
Mr. DUNHAM. Then I move that the rules
be suspended, and thnt the House resolve itself j
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of I
the Union; and upon that motion I ask for tellers. 1
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Watkins ,
and Mason were appointed. !
The question was then taken, and the tellers re- i
ported—ayes 50, noes not counted. j
So the House refused to go into committee. j
Mr. FfCKLTN, from the Committee for the
District of Columbia, reported the following reso-
lution, viz:
Resolved, That the Committee for the District of Colum-
bia, while prosecuhn<r then inquiry, under th<> ord^r of the
House, into the practice of issuing small notes a^ a currency,
and not redeemable m oa^li, by irresponsible persons or cor-
poration^, within the District of Columbia, be and they are
hereby authorized to send lor peisons and papcis, and to
examine witnesses under oath.
The question was taken, and the resolution
adopted.
_ Mr. THOMPSON, of Virginia, asked the unan-
imous consent of the House to introduce a bill, of
which previous notice hod been given, upon the
same subject as the resolution just adopted.
Objection was made.
Mr McLANAHAN, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, reported a bill to regulate the fees
ana costs to be allowed clerks, marshals, and at-
torneys, in the circuit and district courts of the
United States, and for other purposes; which was
read a first and second time by its title.
Mr. McL. said: I am unanimously instructed
by the Judiciary Committee to move that the bill
and report be referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and that 9,000
copies of the same'be printed for the use of the
House.
TheSPEAKER. If the gentleman moves to
print extra copies of his bill and report, accord-
ing to the rule it must go to the Committee on
Printing.
Mr. McLANAHAN. 1 move, then, that the
usual number of copies of the bill and report be
printed.
The bill and report were then referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. McLANAHAN. I now move that the
bill just referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union be made the special or-
der of the day for the 25th of February next, and
from day to day thereafter until disposed of.
Mr. CARTTER objected.
Mr. MEADE. I desire to inquire if the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. McLanaiian,]
did not make a motion to print an extra number
of copies of this report?
The SPEAKER. He did, but the motion was
not at the time entertained. The Chair, however,
upon reflection, is of the opinion that if the motion
is made as a report from the Committee on the
Judiciary, that it is competent for him to do so
without having it referred to the Committee on
Printing.
Mr. McLANAHAN. I am instructed by the
Committee on the Judiciary to move that 5,000
copies of the report be printed.
The SPEAKER. That motion is in order.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Does the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania say that he is instructed
to move to print 5,000 copies?
Mr. McLANAHAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. JONES. I understood the gentleman a
moment ago to ask for 2,000.
Mr. McLANAHAN. Mr. Speaker, it is proper,
and perhaps necessary, that I should briefly state
to the House some of the reasons that induced the
Committee on the Judiciary, through me, to pre-
sent the resolution which I have just made.
The extraordinary increase m the expenses of
the judiciary, since the organization of that de-
partment of the Government, led the committee
into an investigation of the causes that operated to
produce this result. This investigation was neces-
sarily one of details, and all of the causes may not
j have been satisfactorily ascertained; yet it is be-
j lieved that sufficient will be made known by the
j report just submitted to show the necessity of
i prompt legislative action on the subject.
I In the year 1800, the expenses of the judiciary
> establishment of the United States, inclusive of
' the salaries of the judges, appear to have been
! $42,214; in 1820, $117,187; in 1830, $204,432;
j in 1840, #373,695; in 1849, $469,223; in 1850,
I $564,845. During this period of fifty years the pop-
ulation of ffhe United States increased at a ratio of
about three hundred and thirty-three per cent.,
whilst the expenses of maintaining the judiciary in-
creased at the rate of about twelve hundred and
thirty-seven percent. Now, sir,it is not pretended
that increase of population is an exact rule by which
to estimate the increase in the expenses of our
courts of justice; but it is a modegenerally adopted
for forming an estimate of the wealth, the business,
and prosperity of our country at laige. And it is
therefore, on the whole, perhaps as good a method
as can be selected for forming correct conclusions
as to what would be a fair and proper increase in
the expenses or the judiciary. The facts before
stated cannot fail to show the undue and improper
augmentation of expense, incident at this time to
th administration of justice in the circuit and
district courts of the United States.
In the northern district of the State of New
York the expenses of the General Government in
sustaining the United States courts, exclusive of
the salaries of the juds;c, marshal, and district at-
torney, in the year 1830 amounted to $3,500, in
the year 1R50 to $43,975; more than twelve times
as larse as in the year 1830. In the State of Mas-
sachusetts, in the year 1830, the amount paid by
the General Government, exclusive of the salaries
of the judge, marshal, and district attorney, was
$9,586 13; and in the year 1850 $92,728; about ten
times as large as it was in 1830. The causes which j
have led to this extraordinary increase in judicial i
expenses are numerous and various. Many of
them are set forth in the report which I have just
presented; and many more will probably be made
manifest by the answers—which' will soon be fur-
nished by the Department of the Interior—to a se-
ries of interrogatories which were addressed to the
Secretary of that Department, under a resolution
of inquiry from this House. But, sir, sufficient,
as I before stated, will be made manifest by the
report, which is now submitted, to show the ne-
cessity of immediate legislative action on the sub-
ject.
The regulation of the fees to be received by the
ministerial officers of the courts is a task of more
than ordinary difficulty and complexity. The
printing of the bill and report for the use of the
House is absolutely necessary. And the subject
is one of such grave and serious import that extra
numbers of the report should be printed, so that
the whole country may understand both the known
abuses and the proposed reform. The report and
the bill should find a wide circulation over the
land. We ask, therefore, that a number of copies,
corresponding to the exigencies of the case, may
be printed, in order that all who desire to investi-
gate the matter may have every facility which it is
in the power of the committee to furnish. Sir,
there is no subject in which the people are more
interested than the one which is now brought to
the consideration of the House; and while it de-
mands the prompt and energetic action of Con-
gress, it is one which cannot be properly disposed
of without close investigation and calm reflection.
The motion to print 5,000 copies extra of the
report was referred to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. MEADE. I am requested by the Com-
mittee on Commerce to make a favorable report
in the case of a railroad company in Georgia,and
ask that the bill reported by the committee on this
subject be put upon its passage. There are par-
ticular reasons why this should be done. I will
state simply to the House the merits of the case.
The Monroe Railroad Company, under acts of
1832 and 1840, imported railroad iron, and gave
their bonds for it m 1841, with security. Those
bonds were to be canceled if the iron was laid by
the 3d day of March, 1843. The iron was not
laid by the specified time, but it was laid during the
year 1843. After this iron was laid upon the road,
the Monroe Railroad Company was dissolved,
and became insolvent, and the road passed into
ether hands. The securities were sued upon those
bonds, and such suit is either now in progress, or
judgment has been recovered against the securi-
ties. They ask to be relieved from that bond,
upon the ground that the equitable construction of
the act of 1842 entitles them as much to relief as
if their iron had been laid upon the track previous
to the first of March, 1843. This subject was'
before the last Congress, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, which made a favorable re-
port thereon, with a bill for relief; but for some
cause or other the bill was not acted upon during
the last session of Congress.
The Solicitor of the Treasury has given his
consent, in an informal way, that execution shall
not be sued out against these parties, and that the
case shall not be prosecuted to final termination,
until they shall have had an opportunity to apply
to Congress for relief. I will state further to the
House, that a similar application has been made
by one or two other railroad companies, upon the
same grounds, and relief has been afforded to
them. I consider that this company is entitled to
relief upon an equitable construction of the three
statutes which relate to the subject, one of which
was passed in 1832, one in 1840, and the third in
1842. If the House wish to be more minutely
informed in the case, they can have the report
read. It is a short one. I ask the House to per-
mit this bill to be put upon its passage, that relief
may be immediately afforded to the securities. It
is a very meritorious case, and was so considered
by all of the members of the committee.
The bill, being a bill for the relief of the Monroe
Railroad Company and their securities, was then
read a first and second time by its title.
Mr. HEBARD moved that the bill be referred
to the Committee of the Whole House, made the
order of the day for to-morrow, and, with the
accompanying report, be printed; which motion
was agreed to.
Mr. YENABLE, from the Committee on the
