1834
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 11,
as it does my owij opinions as to the true policy
of this Government "respecting the disposition of
the public lands..
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. Mr. Chair-
man, I have not participated heretofore, in this
debate, yet I could see in the bill presented by the
colleague of the gentleman who has just taken his
seat, {Mr. Johnson,] a very valuable principle,
which I thought ought to be ingrafted upon the
]an,d system of the country—one which, if adopted,
woi^Id contribute vastly to the national" wealth,
and be doing an act of justice to the hard-working
and laborious citizen of the country, who might
thereby be induced to. settle upon the uncultivated
lands of the West. " I have, however, all along
seen a difficulty about it. I have felt oppressed
with the idea of a donation of the public lands
under those cessions by which the Government
has derived title to them, but I have looked with i
pleasure to the'proposition which has just been
presented by the honorable gentleman from Mis-
sissippi, [Mr. Brown,] as relieving us from that
embarrassment, while it preserves that grand fea-
ture which I think should not be overlooked.
Every individual who wishes to, enter upon the
public lands, to select a proper portion of them,
and to become an industrious cultivator of the i
soil, should have that opportunity, and thereby
contribute to the public wealth. The amendment
which has just beeH introduced by the gentle-
man fyorn Tennessee [Mr. Harris] is nothing
more than the proposition which has heretofore,
for many years, been submitted from time to
time to the action of the Congress of the United
States. It is the graduation system, and after a
vast amount 
Mr. CABLE, of Ohio. I rise to a point of
order. Two speeches, I think, cannot be made
in favor of the same amendment. The gentleman
from Tennessee made a speech in favor of his
amendment, and the gentleman is now making j
another. He is not in order, I think.
Mr. SEYMOUR. I am opposed to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Tennessee.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order raised by the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. SEYMOUR. When interrupted, I was
saying that the amendment of the gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Harris] was but the revival of a
proposition which, for many years previous, has
been presented to the Congress of the United States
for the purpose of graduating, by a general system,
the price of our public lands. There are many
things about that, to be sure, which should com-
mend it to the favorable consideration of the Gov-
ernment; but there are about it great evils also.
One (and I have not the time now to name others)
is this, which is known to every member of this
committee: The amount of public lands which is
exposed for sale is always largely in advance of,
the demand. We have, at this time, over 3,000,000 1
acres of public land open to private entry, mid
awaiting cultivation purchasers. If this system
is continued,and the graduation system is applied
to it, we can see at once there would be a vast
waste of the public domain, inasmuch as there
would be a vast quantity of land—good land 
always in the market, the price of which should
not be reduced; but which will be reduced—not
according to its value—not because it is inferior to
other good lands—but simply because, on account ,
of the large quantity which has been exposed for 1
sale, it has remained such a period in the market i
as this bill proposes. I
[Here the hammer fell] 1
SKLLTON. I rise to a question of order. '
We have had two speeches upon the same side of \
the question, and I ask, whether it is not now in i
order to make one in opposition to it? !
The CHAIRMAN. The question of order, if
it were well taken, is now too late; but the Chair
understands it to be otherwise.
The question was then taken upon the substitute
ottered by Mr. Harris, and it was disagreed to-
there being, upon a division—ayes 47, noes 98.
IVIr. COBB. I offer as a substitute the amend-
ment which 1 submitted an hour ago. It is with
some difficulty, I know, that I can get what I de-
sire, but I trust that I may be able now 10 suc-
ceed .
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. That is precisely
the same amendment which was offered by the
gentleman and ruled out of order, a short time
since.
Mr. COBB. It is the sjtme identical amendment
I presented to the original bill.
Mr. OLDS. I rise to a question of order. My
point is, that this is the same identical amendment
that the committee decided to be out of order to
the original bill. Though it may be germane to
the amendment of the gentleman from Mississippi,
[Mr-. Brown,] yet inasmuch as the motion is made
to strike out the amendment of the gentleman from
Mississippi, it then holds the same relation to the
original bill that it did before, if the motion to
strike out prevails.
Mr. COBB. The gentleman mistakes the ques-
tion. The committee has never ruled that amend-
ment out oforder. The Chairman did, butthecom-
mittee did not.
Mr. OLDS. The committee acquiesced in the
Chair's decision.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is not de-
batable. The gentlemen from Ohio raises the
question that the amendment of the gentleman
from Alabama [Mr. Cobb] is not m order. It is
the opinion of the Chair, that according" to the
spirit and effect of the decision of the committee
touching the amendment of the gentleman from
Mississippi, and the decision of the Chair sus-
tained by the committee touching the amendment
just offered by the gentleman from Tennessee,
that this amendment is in order.
Mr. OLDS. It is the identical amendment the
Chair overruled this morning.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair supposes that
that decision has been virtually overruled, and he
is bound to obey the decision of the committee.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. From that
decision I take an appeal, and say to the friends
of the bill, that if they ever expect to get it through,
they must sustain the original ruling of the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is, then,
" Shall the decision of the Chair remain as the
judgment of the committee?"
The question was then taken, and the decision
of the Chair was sustained by the committee—
ayes 78, noes57.
So the amendment, as previously published,
was ruled to be in order.
Mr. COBB. I desire, Mr. Chairman, to have
the attention of certain gentlemen, particularly, to
the remarks I intend submitting. When gentle-
men rise in their places, and admonish this com-
mittee to resist all amendments which may be
offered, they should especially bear in mind that
I am as good and staunch a friend of the home-
stead hill as any member of the committee. I will
here state, and hope it may be borne in mind, that
my object in presenting the amendment I have,
was not to embarrass the bill in any respect what-
ever. Since this proposition has been under con-
sideration, I have taken a great deal of pains in
making inquiries of gentlemen as to whether they
would vote for the bill of the gentleman from Ten-
nessee if my amendment were attached to it; and
1 announce now, in justification of the proposition
1 have submitted, that not one gentleman told tne
he would vote against it in that case. Had but
one gentleman told me that my amendment, if
adopted, would affect injuriously the homestead
as well as the graduation bill, I would not have
assumed the responsibility of now submitting it.
I would have intrusted it to the future action of
the House. I wish it distinctly understood here,
and throughout the country, that, m sincerity in
the support of this bill, I yield to no man. I am
an older soldier in favor of this measure than many
of those who have advised the committee against
receiving any amendment to perfect this bill. Last
Congress I submitted an amendment to the Oregon
bill—which was then under consideiation, and
which proposed a grant of a homestead to actual
settlers—that the provisions of the bill should be
made applicable to all the lands held by the Uni-
ted States. It is to be found in the second volume
of the Congressional Globe, for the first session
of the Thirtieth Congress, page 1548, and is as
follows;
" Provided, That the provisions of tlie act which relate to
a donation of thr public lands to actual sealers shall extend
to all the public lands, belonging to the United States, cxcr-pt
as to the quantity, which shall not exceed one hundred and
s ix.tj acies to each head of a family."
It will be seen that I am as old a soldier in the
cause as some others. I will further state, that
during the last summer I discussed this subject
fully before my constHuentsstthome. I told them, j
from one end of the' district to the other, that the
question of granting a homestead to actual settlers
would be brought before this Congress, and that
if—and I looked to its being introduced by the
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Johnson,j as I
j gave him the honor of having so done before—
it was not proposed, I pledged -myself to pre-
sent it. Go to the record, and. you will find that
at a very early period of the session, I gave notice
of my intention to do so. My action now is but a
redemption of the promise I made my constitu-
ents, tnat if I were not instructed to vote against
I would vote for the measure. I intend, if I live
long enough, to vote for it in some shape or
other. But my friend from Tennesse [Mr. John-
son] will recollect that I told him I preferred the
proposition of the gentleman from Mississippi, .
[Mr. Brown,] for the reason, that while it secured
to the settler a homestead, it also gave him the
privilege of perfecting his title, if he chose to do so.
I prefer the amendment of the gentleman from
Mississippi, as a separate and distinct question;
but if it is lost, I intend to vote for the proposition
; of the gentleman from Tennessee.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. COBB. I propose to withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. HOUSTON. I object to its withdrawal.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois. I am opposed to
the amendment of the gentleman from Alabama,
[Mr. Cobb,] and he appears to be opposed to it
himself.
Mr. COBB. No, sir.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I apprehend that his own
speech convinces him that it is wrong. I am also
opposed to the amendment of the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Harris,] and voted against it,
not on account of the principle contained in that
amendment, but on account of the object which
he seeks to achieve by it. I am also opposed to
the amendment offered by the honorable gentle-
man from Mississippi, [Mr. Brown.] I am op-
posed to that amendment upon the ground that'it
is intended to build up and perpetuate a system of
perpetual vassalage between the citizen and the
Federal Government. Now, if I understand one
great object which this bill has in view, it is to
make freeholders of the cultivators of the soil.
Under the principle contained'in the amendment
of the gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr. Brown,]
that great object would be defeated, and instead
of being freeholders, the occupants of these lands
would become the tenants of the Government—a
position which I never desire to see the freemen
of this country occupy towards theirGovernment.
The amendment should, in my opinion, be entitled
Jin actio create the petyetuctl relation of landlord and
tenant between the citizen and his Government. This
much I say for the reasons which influenced me
in voting against the amendment proposed by the
gentleman from Mississippi. 1 was opposed to
the amendment of the gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Harris,] which is the same in substance as
the amendment offered by the gentleman from
Alabama, [Mr. Cobb.] I do notconsider that the
bill before the House—the homestead bill, as it is
called—makes a final disposition of this question
of the public lands. " It is only a measure intend-
ed to induce and promote the cultivation, and con-
tribute to the productive improvement of the pub-
lic domain. It is no system for the final disposition
of the public lands. The principle contained in
the amendment offered by the gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Harris] does propose a system
which I think will meet with the approbation of
the people of this country. They have directed
their attention towards adopting some plan which
shall finally relieve the General Government of
the responsibility of taking care of this vast pub-
lic domain. That public sentiment, although it
was small at first, has increased in volume until
its influence has reached this Hall. If it should
be decreed that this bill shall be defeated at the
present session, it will be through the instru-
mentality of the amendment offered by the gen-
tleman from Mississippi, [Mr. Brown.]
And here permit me to say to the real friends of
this measure—to those who, in their hearts, de-
sire to see it enacted into a law at this time, to
guard against the cfFect which the amendment of
the gentleman from Mississippi will inevitably
produce, and which every true friend of the bill
now must see will be produced, if the amendment
should prevail; and that effect will be the defeat
