1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1335
of the measure, in every shape in which it can be
presented. The amendment is a weapon in the
hands of the enemies of the bill; and its origin-
ator, whose heart, I befieve, is with the principle,
should see to this. The responsibility of defeat-
ing this great measure, when divided amongst
many, is no light matter; but if it should center
upon a single head, the weight will be insupport-
able.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was then taken upon Mr. Cobb's
amendment, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. MOREHEA.D. I submit the following
amendment to the amendment of the gentleman
from Mississippi, [Mr. Brown-:]
JlnAbc it fttifbcr enactch That the lancb herein granted j
shall be exempt Horn taxation tor twenty years from and j
after the parage of the bill, !
I offer this amendment to carry out the object !
which the friends of this bill have in view. I un- j
derstaud that the object of the measure before the j
committee is, that the General Government, being
abundantly able, shall supply the poor people with
homes. The advocates of this measure claim that
the Government has abundant means to furnish
all the people in the United States, who are m
straightened circumstances, with a homestead. It
is intended to include no other class of persons.
It is intended to have the lands settled, and the
wilderness cleared. If our object really is to con-
fer a benefit upon the poor people of the United
States, why, let us not stop at a half-way point,
but let us carry out, in effect, the terms of the bill,
which provide that no one shall go to settle upon
these lands, except- he is an extremely poor man.
In the practical operation of this measure, nine-
teen twentieths of these settlers will not have as
much as a cow when they occupy these lands. Let
us not turn loose the tax-gatherer upon the poor
man, just as he is settling the country. You must
remember that they will occupy a frontier country.
1 take it for granted that tools of husbandry are
much dearer there than in the old States; and the
little pittance which the poor man will have when
he gets there, will be required directly, not only
for the support of himself and family, but for pro-
curing the necessary tools for labor. I say, if we
do anything for the poor man, let us do the best
thing we can for him. The old States cannot
complain of it, for this reason: In many of the
States of the Union, the taxes are equable and
graduated. I know it is so in my own State. Wei
pay six cents in every $100. j
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. With the per- |
mission of the gentleman from North Carolina, I j
wish to say  !
Mr. MOREHEAD. Anyothertimeintheworld
but this, but I cannot be interrupted now. I know !
that in my own State, the freeholder pays six cents
in every $100 value. I will observe that it must
be a very poor homestead that is not worth $100,
and it would be a curse to a man to give him one
that was not worth that amount.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I am opposed to
the amendment of the gentleman from Nonh Car-
olina, [Mr. Morehead.] It is a release from taxa-
tion for twenty years. Upon the same principle that
I am opposed to his amendment, I am opposed to
the whole substitute of the gentleman from Mis-
sissippi, [Mr. Brown.] With all due respect and
kindness to that gentleman, I must say, that I be-
lieve it will be the death of this bill, if it is to pro*
duce any effect at all. If the object of the gentle-
man from North Carolina [Mr. Morehead] is to
relieve the settlers from taxation for some twenty
years, I believe it is hardly necessary, because
the character of the title itself, which is proposed
to be made to those who receive lands under the
substitute of the gentleman from Mississippi, is
such, that no title exists, and no taxes can belaid.
The gentleman from Mississippi proposes, that
the mere ri^ht to pass the whole title shall remain
in the United Slates. If the whole title continues
in the United States, the States themselves have
got no right to tax the Government lands. Ifthat
be so, what will be the consequence to the new
States? The consequence will be, that you give
these lands away to persons—which remain merely
in their possession—and you destroy the power of
the States to support themselves, upon the very
basis which exists in every State—you deprive
them of the power to raise revenue from a tax on
the lands. Permit these settlers to pass from one
spot to another, and though there be thousands
settling down upon your public lands, yet no taxes
can be levied upon them, because the lands are not
theirs, but held by the United States, and not,
therefore, subject to taxation.
Under these circumstances, I cannot consent to
see a proposition of this sort offered m this man-
ner, without expressing some opposition to itupon
my own part. I am for the bill which.was offered
by the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. John-
son*,] and 1 hope to see it passed, for a dozen
reasons, all amply sufficient to myself. First, it
would relieve my own State from a system of vas-
salage, and put her upon an equality with the bal-
ance of the old States of the Union. The propo-
, snion of the gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr.
Brown,] is to give a guarantee to protect tfre prof-
hgateand the improvident. Those gentlemen who
go for this, in many places, are not gentlemen who
■ will go for women's rights—to give them the right
to hold private and separate property, not amena-
1 ble to the debts of their husbands That is a
• much more righteous movement. Those who are
virtuous and ought to be protected, are refused
, such protection by the legislation ot men, while
| we propose, by a bill of this character, to protect
; the profligate and improvident. Against what?
! Against their own honest debts and liabilities, j
! These are the reasons which influenced me to vote ;
: against the system of tenancy which is to be cre-
' ated by the substitute of the gentleman from Mis-
: sissippi, [Mr. Browxt.] The proposition which
, he has offered 1 do honestly believe will have the
effect to defeat the whole of this measure, which
' I deem most glorious in itself—the giving away of
1 lands to those who are landless. :
: [Here the hammer fell.]
| Mr. MINER moved that the committee rise.
| The question was put, and the motion was ,
i agreed to—ayes 105, noes not counted. '
! Thecommitteeaccordmglyrose,andtheSpeaker ■
! having resumed the chair, the chairman (Mr. ]
| Hirbard) reported that the Committee of the j
i Whole on the state of the Union had, according !
| to order, had under consideration the state of the j
■ Union generally, and particularly House bill No. j
1 7, being a bill to encourage agriculture, commerce, ,
i &c. 1
! Mr. WILDRICK, from the Committee on En- ,
' rolled Bills, reported back, as correctly enrolled, :
' the following joint resolution; which leceived the
signature of the Speaker, viz:
; Joint resolution granting the right of way of the
1 Fayetteville and Central Plank Road.
On motion by Mr. LETCHER, the House
adjourned until to-morrow at twelve o'clock, m.
: PETITIONS, &C.
The following petitions, memorials, &c.. were presented
! under the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees •
By Mr. BUELL : The memorial of 690 citizens of
Georgetown, District ofOolumbia, appioviug the memorial
! of the propei autlioritiesoi Geoigetown, in their application
] to Congress for the construction of a bridge over the Poto-
l ruac river, at some point west of Alexandria. i
j By Mr. LANDRY: The memorial of citizens of New !
: Orleans and Texdsj, ship masters and .-hip owners, prajing j
< for the erection of a permanent hght-hou=e on Ship Island
i tfhoalb, on the coast of Louisiana.
s By Mr. FLORENCE: The memorial of the heirs of
I Adam Piager, deceased, ptaying Congress to pass ?i law
i mdennufjjng them tor Fienoh j-pohatiuii, pnor to 18 0
I By Mi" HENN : Tile petition of Ti Al. Taylor, and
others, citizens of I'owesheik count}, Iowa, asking for a
• mail route fiom Union Mills to Monte/.uma j
' By Mr. BUSBY : Trie petition of John Stmchcom!) and :
others, praumj for a mail route from Gallon, Crawford I
oountv. Vnyima, via Coitaca, .McEwcnV cro-<s loads, to
Lexington, Richland r-mnty, Ohio, semi-weekly.
IN SENATE. :
"Wednesday, JJay 1:2, 1852. |
Prayer by the Rev. Littleton P. Morgan. ;
Mr. SEWARD presented the report of a com- •
mittee of the Chamber of Commerce of New ;
York, in favor of the establishment of a Light- !
house Board; which was referred to the Commit- (
11 tee on Commerce.
j: A motion to print the repoit was referred to the ,
i Comniitlee on Printing. _ ;
j: Mr. SHIELDS presented a memorial of the ■
i corporate authorities of Georgetown, District of
I Columbia, praying the construction of a bridge
,' across the Potomac river, at some proper point |
west of the Alexandria aqueduct; wluch^wos re- :
!1 ferred to the Committee on the District of Colum- j
f! bia. J
Also, the petition of a committee ,of workmen
employed on the extension of the Capitol, praying
relief for loss of time by suspension of the work;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Buildings. , ;
Also, a petition of citizens of Peoria county,
Illinois, praying that the public lands may be
transferred to the States,'for the purpose of being
granted to actual settlers not possessed of other
lands; which was referred to the Committee, on
Public Lands.
Also, a petition of citizens of the West, pray-
: ing the improvement of the Ohio river, particu-
t larlyat the Falls at Louisville; which was referred
i to the Committee on Roads and Canals.
I Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, presented a petition of
. citizens of Yan Buren county, Iowa, praying a
: donation of land to each of the distinguished Hun- .
garians at present located in Decatur county, in
that State; which was referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
jj Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, presented the peti-
tion of Parry W. Porter, inventor of a patent self-
: loading fire-arm, praying that the Secretary of
War may be directed to furnish the militia with
IS his fire-arms out of the annual appropriations re-
j! quired by the act of 1808; which was referred to
i j the Committee on the Militia.
lj SALARIES OF CLERKS.
! j Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, I am charged
II with many petitions from clerks in the various
H Departments, ill relation to an increase of then-
salaries. Before presenting them, I will say that
they seem to be under some misapprehension in
relation to a bill which they suppose ! hare intro-
duced for that purpose. I have introduced no
such bill. Some time ago, I made a call upon the
heads of Departments for a plan for classifying
the clerks, and for equalizing the salaries of the'
clerks within their respective classes. The answer
to that call has but recently come in. I present
the petition of clerks in the War Department,
praying for an increase of salary, and ask that it
be referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
I present, also, the petition of clerks in the Wavy
Department, which I ask may be referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs. I present the peti-
tion of clerks in the office of the Secretary of the
Treasury, and ask that it be referred to the Co'm-
mitteeoii Finance. 1 present the petition of clerks
in the General Land Office, which I ask may be
referred to the Committee on Public Lands. I
present the petition of clerks in the Bureau of In-
dian Affairs, and ask that it be referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
The petitions were so referred.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. SHIELDS, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to which was referred the petition of
Charles Gr. Merchant, an officer of the Army,
praying the settlement of his accounts in the Com-
missary Department, on just and equitable prin-
ciples, submitted a report, accompanied by a bill
for his relief; which was read and passed to the
second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the petition of John Moore, praying
the settlement of his accounts as commissary of
subsistence of the Missouri militia, submitted a
report, accompanied by a bill for his relief; which
was read and passed to the second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the report of the Secretary of the
Treasury, showing the amount of rations issued
by Robert E. Carter and James Roddy, reported
it' back and asked that it be laid on the table; which
was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the following petitions, asked to be
discharged from the further consideration thereof;
which was agreed to;
A petition of the officers of the Army at Fort
Leavenworth, in relation to rank and command
in the Army;
The petition of Thomas Jefferson Sutherland,
pvayine ail act of Congress to aid in the establish-
ment of a Polytechnic Institution in Nebraska
Territory; and .
The petition of Paraelia Preswick and other
heirs of William Wigton, for amount due for his
services subsequent to the last war with threat
Britain. , . ,
He also, from the same committee, to whicft
