1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
423^
Judiciary, made an adverse report upon the me-
morial of Jehiel Brooks, praying authority to sue
the United States for damages, in consequence of
a suit instituted against him by the United States;
which was ordered to lie upon the table and be
printed.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee, from the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, reported a bill for the re-
lief of Andrew Smith; which was read a first and j
second time by its title, referred to «, Committee [
of the Whole House, made the order of the day ,
for to-morrow, and, with the accompanying re-
port, ordered to be printed.
On motion by Mr. KING, of New York, it
was
Ordered, That the Committee on the Judiciary be dis- I
clidiged fiom the further consideration ot the memorials i
or" ciuzens ot Dayton, Ohio, and of citizens of Newark,
New ier«ey, prajmg for the passage of an act for the pro-
tection of American inventors; and that the same be re- !
feired to the Committee on Patents.
On motion by Mr. PARKER, of Indiana, it j
was ;
Ordered, That the Committee on the Judiciary he dies- :
cliatged from the further consideialion of the petition of |
Hyacinth RiopeJle, of Wavne county, Michigan, for the ;
pas^ajre of an act granting him a patent for a ceitain tiaet ;
of land, and that it be rcferied to the Committee on j
Private Land Claims.
On motion by Mr. PARKER, of Indiana, it 1
was |
Ordered, That the Committee on the Judiciary be dis-
chaiued fiom Die fuither consideration of the petition of .
Clucks and othei citizens ot the U;uted States, piavins for
the |Ki}inynloi'moneys, withheld and winch were due them
by tlie provisjon^ of certain treaties and geneiallytoi the ,
redress of grievances, and that it be lefened to the Com-
mittee on Indian Allans. ,
Mr. PARKER also, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, made an adverse report on the petition
of Samuel Drew, asking for the interest on the ,
arrears of pay due him as a soldier in the war of j
1812; which was ordered to lie on the table and ;
be printed.
On motion by Mr. DEAN, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Military Affairs be dis- ,
charged fiom the fut ther consideration ot the petition of,
Lucy Ann Roberts, the widow of Major John Robeits, and |
that it be reierred to the Committee on Revolutionary Pen- ,
sions.
Mr. FULLER, of Pennsylvania, from the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims, reported a bill
for the relief of the heirs of Lieutenant Bartlett
Hinds; which was read a first and second time by
its title, referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, made the order of the day for to-morrow,
and, with the accompanying report, ordered to
be printed.
On motion by Mr. FULLER, of Pennsylvania,
it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of Thomas Mor-
ris, of Georgia, be withdrawn from the files of the House,
with the view of reference.
Mr. JENKINS, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported a bill for the relief of Rob-
ert Nelson; which was read a first and second
time by its title, referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, made the order of the day for to-
morrow, and, with the accompanying report, or-
dered to be printed.
Healso, from the same committee, madcadverse
reports in the following cases; which were ordered
to lie upon the table and be printed, viz;
The petition of Joseph Newell, asking relief m
regard to a section of land located in the Indian
country;
The petition of Joseph Roberts, of JBrecken-
rid^e county, Kentucky, asking for scrip of one
thousand acres of land m lieu of one thousand
acres granted to William Armstead by the State of
Kentucky; and
The petition of William B. Ross and others, of
Florida, praying that the warrants of certain grants
confirmed to Arredondo may be located upon other
public lands.
Mi. THOMPSON, of Virginia, from the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims, reported the fol-
lowing bills; which were severally read a first and
second time by their titles, referred to a Commit-
tee of the Whole House, made the order of the
day for to-morrow, and, with the accompanying
repoits, ordered to be printed, viz:
A bill for the relief of William McFarland; and
A bill for the relief of Patrick Gass.
Mr. MILLER, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported the following bills; which
were severally read a first and second time by j
their titles, referred to a Committee of the Whole j
House, made the order of the day for to-morrow, j
and, with the accompanying reports, ordered to '
be printed, viz: j
A bill for the relief of Semoice, a friendly Creek j
Indian;
A bill for the relief of Ira Baldwin; and
A bill for the relief of William H. Wells and
others.
Mr. MILLER, by unanimous consent of the
House, introduced a bill, of which previous no-
tice had been given, for an appropriation of money
for the improvement of the Missouri river, from
its mouth to Council Bluff's; which was read a first
and second time by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Roads and Canals.
Mr. SMART, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, to whom was referred the petition of Wil-
liam Mann,praying for compensation for services
during the war of 1812, made an adverse report;
which report was ordered to lie upon the table. i
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. We have ac- |
complished a good deal of business to-day, more ,
than the clerks can bring up, and I therefore move j
the House adjourn. j
The question was taken, and the House refused J
to adjourn. i
Mr. GORMAN, from the Committee on Mili- j
tary Affairs, reported "A bill for the relief of :
Josiah P. Pilcher, late a private in company F, j
second Kentucky regiment of volunteers in the
war with Mexico;" which was referred to the j
Committee of the Whole, made the order of the ;
day for to-morrow, and the bill and report ordered j
to be printed. \
Mr. WILCOX, from the Committee on Mill- ]
tary Affairs, reported a bill to be entitled '*An act
for the relief of Serjeant Leonai d Skinrieiwhich
was referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
made the older of the day for to-morrow, and,
with the accompanying report, ordered to be
printed.
Also, from the same committee, reported a
bill to be entitled "An act for the relief of the heirs-
at-law of Anthony G. Willis, deeeasd, which was
read a first and second time by its title, referred
to a Committee of the Whole, made the order of
the day for to-morrow, and, with report accompa-
nying, oidered to be printed.
Also, from the same committee, to whom was
referred the memorial of John Davis, praying lor
a pension and an allowance ot bounty land, on
account of disability incurred while in the service
of the United States during the war with Mexico,
made an acherse report; which was ordered to lie
upon the table and be printed.
Mr. NABERS, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, to whom was referred the memorial
of Elliott McCulloch, praying relief in relation to
a section of land, made an adverse report; which
was laid upon the table.
Mr. NABERS also, from the same committee,
reported "A bill for the relief of Jeremiah Win-
gate;" which was read a first and second time by
its title, referred to a Committee of the Whole,
made the order of the day for to-morrow, and ,
with the report, ordered to be printed.
Mr. EDGERTON, from the Committee of
Claims, to whom was refeired the memorial ot
the hens of Daniel Landon, asking remuneration
for losses sustained in the last war, made an ad-
verse report, and moved that the report be laid
upon the tab!*-.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. 1 ask the gentleman
to withdraw the motion.
Mr. EDGERTON. I will withdraw the mo-
tion.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. I rise to ask of the
House to refer that memorial to the Connnitteeon
Military Aftaiis. I will make a statementth.it
cannot fail, I think, to induce the House to make
that reference.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I rise to a
question of order. The gentleman is making a
reportfrora a committee, and of course cannot with-
draw the motion that is made by order of the com-
mittee.
Mr. EDGERTON. I was making a report
from the committee.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has made an
adverse report. It is moved by the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Stanton,] to refer the memo-
rial and report to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. STANTON. This is a claim presented by
the heirs of Daniel Landon for property destroyed
at Port Wayne, in 1812. He went out there at,
the special instance of the commander of the Fort,
in 1802, cultivated land, raised crops, and built a
mill. It is claimed that he had a special promise
of protection from the commandant of that Port.
He took his means there to the extent of $4,000,
and in 1812 his entire property was destroyed by
the Indians. I thought, in the first instance, that
| the proper reference of the claim was to the Com-
! mittee on Military Affairs. I move that it be re-
ferred to the Military Committee, and the argument
of the Committee of Claims may go along with it,
so that there need not be any fear of injustice
| being done.
I Mr. EDGERTON. Claims under the law of
1816 have been allowed for the destruction of prop-
erty occupied for military purposes, but the law
never has permitted payment for personal proper-
ty, or for the destruction of buildings not occupied
as a military post, or of such a description that
the action of the Government had not imparted to
them a military character. In this case the loss
was sustained by the Indians driving off personal
property, and the destruction of buildings not
claimed to be occupied by theUnited States troops.
Mr. SWEETSER. I desire to call the atten-
tion of my colleague to the fact, set forth in these
papers, that Port Mnyre was a frontier post, and
that the property taken here by the claimants was
absolutely necessary at that time, in order to fur-
nish the means of subsistence to the men at that
station. He went thereunder the protection of
the commanding officer, and carried along with
him his propeitv. In the then condition of the
country, the troops of the United States were un-
able to protect the property. 1 understand the
interpretation given to the law of 1816 has been,
that wherever the United States, or the officers of
the Army, have held out inducements to individ-
uals to make investments, and they made those
investments for the purpose of affording the men
at a station subsistence, they are regarded as un-
der the protection of the United States, and if suf-
ficient protection has not been afforded to them,
the Government is to make good the losses they
sustained. That is my understanding.
Mr. DUNHAM. These claims have invaria-
bly gone to the Committee of Claims.
'Mr. EDGERTON. 1 make this statement as
! regaids this case ! This man Landon, m 1S02,
went to Port Wayne and purchased a home there
on the lands of 'the United States. He was an
army contractor, or the agent of army contract-
ors. The produce laised upon his land was sold
by him to those stationed at Port Wayne. In
1S12, the Indians made a descent upon the place,
drove off his stock, and burned his building. He
! was then acting as agent for an army contractor,
; or issuing commissary; and for this property there
destroyed, he claims that the Government shall
| pay him. The committee came to the conclusion
that there was no law authorizing its payment,
and that the action of the Government had been in
opposition to the payment of claims of this char-
acter.
M r. SMART. I am in favor of the report of
the gentleman from Oluo, and will call the atten-
tion'of the House to the 91st rule; which reads as
follows:
" It shall lie the duty of the Committee on Military Affairs
to take into consideration all subjects relating to the niili-
tarv establishment ;,n'' public deli'nce which ma; he ic-
fWedt) tliem hv the House, im<l to repoit their opinion
theieiaion: and "also to lepoit, fiom time to tune, -air-h
measines as may conmbute to economy and accountability
in said establishment."
I glial I now make but one remark in relation to
this subject. From the little experience 1 have
had upon the Military Committee, I am satisfied
that it is becoming a mere claims committee and
that there is a wiong use made of it. I, for one,
am opposed to the reference of these claims to that
, committee. 1 do not think the rule so intended.
I think, as we have a Committee of Claims,
(and a very efficient one it if-,) that such claims
should be referred there. This reference has been
prooerly made to that committee, and I really
hope this report will he adopted. I move to Jay
the report upon the table. Pending which,
i On motion by Mr. PULLER, of Maine,
i The House adjourned.
