1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2199
conducted themselves most gallantly, as was testi-
fied to by the Commander-in-Chief. After having
received their discharge on the 17th day of Oc-
tober, 1813, they returned home to the town of
Petersburg, where most of them lived, and from
that time to this they have made many unsuccess-
ful efforts to obtain from the Government the pay
which they so richly earned in that campaign.
When they were discharged on the frontier, there
was put into the hands of the paymaster a sum
sufficient to pay their arrearages and their expenses
home. Unfortunately for that band of gallant
volunteers, that paymaster proved unworthy of
his trust and neglected to discharge the duties
committed to him. He retained the money placed
in his hands for that purpose, and a few years
afterwards died insolvent. Those volunteers re-
ceived for their services but two months' pay.
The officers received about six months' pay.
Many applications have been made to the De-
partment here for the payment of those arrearages.
When the applications were made, the men were
put off with the excuse that the Department had
not received from the paymaster the pay rolls by
which it could be determined how much each offi-
cer and private had received.
Those pay rolls have never been returned, and
for a very important reason: No payments were
made, and hence no list of payments couid be re-
turned. From this cause, there appears upon
the records of the Department no evidence of any
payments to this company, other than for the first
two months of their service, for six months of the
service of the officers. Applications have been made
time after time by the survivors of this company;
but the accounting officers of the Department,
for the first few years after the war, having refused
to pay until the pay lolls could be recovered, or
were returned by the paymaster, their successors
in office also refused to make the payments for
a like reason. They have been forced to come
before the Congress of the United States, to re-
ceive this tardy justice, and I have prepared this
amendment to the Army bill, which I intend to
offer in its proper place. To pay them the arrear-
ages now due, according to an estimate of the
Third Auditor, will amount to about $10,099.
That estimate is made upon the supposition that
every member of this company, who returned
from Canada, will apply for his arrearages; but I
can state to the committee, that many of these
men have long since died, and a great many of
them having previously removed from the place
of their nativity to the western country, and other
places, their heirs are now, I may say, scattered
to the four winds. I do not believe, if this bill
were passed, more than one half of that company
would make application for the arrearages due
them. But it is immaterial whether they do or
not. I appeal to the justice of this committee, to
their sense of right, that these gallant soldiers be
now paid what is due to them. We have passed
many laws making voluntary donations of land
to the soldiers in our various wars, as a testimony
of our gratitude. These donations were merely
gratuities; but whilst we have evinced such an
unmistakable sense of our gratitude towards those
who have served their country in the capacity of
soldiers, we have utterly forgotten the debt which
is due of right.
Mr. PHELPS. With the permission of the
gentleman, I will make a brief statement. I learn
that money was placed in the hands of a paymas-
ter for the purpose of paying these volunteers. I
also learn that that paymaster was faithless, and
did not pay them. The Third Auditor's office is
now settling the claims of the soldiers of the war
of 1812, and paying to them whatever arrearage
the muster or pay roll shows to be due them out
of the regular appropriation for the aid and sup-
port of the Army. This course, I learn, is being
pursued, and that it was a reason given for the in-
crease of clerks in the Third Auditor's office.
Hence, then, if the pay roll shows anything due
to these men, it can be paid, in my opinion, with-
out further legislation. I should like to have some
explanation from the gentleman with regard to
that point.
Mr. MEADE. Unfortunately,Mr. Chairman,
the opinion just expressed by the gentleman from
Missouri, in which opinion I most cordially con-
cur, is not the opinion entertained by the Third
Auditor and those to whom application has been
made.
Mr. PHELPS. During this session of Con-
gress an application sent to me by one of my con-
stituents for arrearage of pay due to a soldier who
died sometime during the war of 1832, has been
settled in the Third Auditor's office, and a warrant
upon the Treasury has been issued in favor of the
widow or administrator of that deceased soldier,
Mr. COBB. I think I understood the gentle-
man from Virginia to state that no pay roll has
been returned in consequence of the default of the
paymaster.
Mr. MEADE. Yes, sir; I will explain this
whole matter to the satisfaction of my friend from
Missouri, before I am done. I will let the com-
mittee know exactly how the matter stands. The
reason why these men are refused to be paid is
because there has been no pay roll returned.
Mr. PHELPS. Then one can be made out
from the muster roll.
Mr. MEADE. The gentleman does not ap-
prehend the state of the case at all. There is a
pay roll of the first payment returned which ex-
hibits the fact that these men have received two
months'pay and about half pay for their clothing;
but there has been no pay roll returned since the
first payment was made two months after these
soldiers were mustered into the servicc. And the
position assumed by the accounting officers of the
Treasury is, that until there is a return of a pay
roll they will not pay these arrearages. The pres-
ent Auditor says that he would pay them if the
position had not been assumed by his predeces-
sors that they would not pay without a return of
the pay roll. He does not feel disposed to revoke
their decision without a special act of Congress.
That is the position which he assumes at this
time. Now, whether it is a just one or not, is
not for me to determine. It presents, however, a
barrier to the payment of these men which they
cannot overcome, and application is now made to
Congress to authorize the Auditor, who feels these
scruples, to do what he himself says he would
voluntarily do but for the impediment presented
by the previous policy adopted by his predeces-
sors. The ground taken by lus predecessors was
that without these pay rolls, the Department
could not ascertain what arrearages were due.
But the committee will perccive at once that it is
a position which could not be sustained in any
court of justice. Here are services performed.
There is no doubt about that. There is no ques-
tion made but that these men served out their
time. Evidence of that is on record; but there
is no evidence of payment for these services, ex-
cept for the first two months for which returns
have been made. Will any man say that it is in-
cumbent upon these soldiers not only to show by
the rolls of the Department they have served their
term of twelve months, but also prove the nega-
tive that the Government has never paid for those
services? Why, sir, it appears to me to be suffi-
cient for them to establish the fact that they have
performed the services, and it is for the Depart-
ment to prove the fact that they have paid them.
Mr. PHELPS. 1 desire to make the inquiry
of the gentleman from Virginia whether there are
any muster rolls in the Department, showing the
length of time these volunteers served?
Mr. MEADE. Yes, sir.
Mr. PHELPS. Very well. Then the very
basis upon which a pay roll is made out is in the
office, and a pay roll for the residue of their term
can be made out and perfected.
Mr. MEADE. Mr. Chairman, why should
the gentleman from Missouri—and 1 begins es-
pecial attention, because I see he is not disposed to
refuse these soldiers payment—insist we should
continue to go before the Auditor, when he says
that he cannot pay, unless he is authorized by
law? It is like holding out a stone to these men,
and telling them it is bread.
The following is the letter the Auditor wrote me
upon the subject:
Treasury Department, ?
Third Apditor's Office, June 14, 1852. I
Sru: In compliance with your request, I have the honor
to inclose to you herewith, a copy of the rolls on which
Captain Richard McRae's company of Petersburg volunteers
were paid two months' pay in advance in 1812, by Paymas-
ter Samuel Turner; sav from the 16th October to the 16th
December, 1812. In addition to the above-mentioned pay-
ment, Major Turner paid each member of the company,
@16 in lieu of six months' clothing. The company entered
the service under the acts of the 6th February and 6th July,
1812, on the 16th October, 1812, to serve twelve months.
The muster rolls, showing that the company served twelve
months, are on file in this office; but there are pay rolls or
receipt rolls to correspond. As before stated to you, James
G. Chalmers was appointed paymaster to the volunteers,
on their inarch to Fort Meigs, and received from Paymas-
ters Hunt and Huntingdon,fluids sufficient to pay the com-
pany, from the 16th December, 1812, to which time it had
been paidhy Major Turner, to the termination of its service,
in October, 1&13; but he has failed to return any rolls of
Captain McRae's company : consequently it cannot be as-
certained to what extent—or if at all—he paid the company.
"Within the last twenty years several appheationshave been
jnade by different members of the company for their pay ;
but payment has, in all ea*es, been resisted, on the. ground
that, in the absence of the rolls, showing what had been re-
ceived, and what remained due, it would be unsafe to make
allowance.
With great respect, your obedient servant,
JOHN S. GAfiLAHER. Auditor*
Hon. It. K. Mi? adk, House of Rc}>resentatices.
Here is another letter from the same gentle-
man:
Thirii Auditor's Office. July 23, 1852.
PfmiSir: 1 annex on the opposite sheet the form of an
amendment to authorize this office to pay the balance
which I am now satisfied is due to the Petersburg volun-
teers, \vho«e pay for nine months was withheld by Pay-
master Chalmers.
(fit were an original application, with the statement of
Captain McRae, now presented, and the appropriation for
anearagrs vveie sufficient, I should feci it my duty to pay
the claimant^, but as my piedecessoi declined action with-
out the authoiityof Congress, I would prefer a direct in-
struction to pay the amount.
The delinquency of an agent of the Government has kept
these worthy vohinteets out of their just dues, and this!
\\ ioijo ought now to be repaired in the best manner possible.
With great respect, vours,
JNO. S. GALLAIIER, Auditor.
Tlon. R. K. Meade, House of Rcj/rescntativei.
To the honorable the Cowgm? of the United States:
We, wtio^e names arc hereunto subsetibed, being a few
of the remaining sunivor-s of tiie Petersburg Volunteers,
respectfully lepiesent to your honorable body, that the com-
pany of which we were a part in the war of 1812 with
Great ISritam, and which went from Petersburg, Virginia,
to the Canada frontiers, and were mustered into service on
the 21st of October. 1812, and discharged at Detroit on the
17th of Octobei, 1813, received pay for only three months
of the term of oui service, except the ofiiceis of the com-
pany, who received pay for siv months; that we were en-
titled to the puce of our arms, which were returned to the
War Department; and also to lations and mileage from De-
troit to Peterulmig, a distance of about seven hundred and
fiftv miles.
We trust that by a special act for our relief you will ren-
der to us and to the company the simple justice which we
are confident oui country will approve.
JOHN II. SAUNDERS,
REUBEN CLEMENTS,
TIIO. B. JBIGLElt.
State of Virginia, city of Petersburg, to wit:
Tins is to certify, that I, Ilichard MeRae, was the cap-
fain of the Petersburg Volunteers, and that the facts
stated in the foregoing memorial are titie. I fuither certify
that the paymaster, James G. Chalmers, when he returned
to Petersburg, twelve months after the company was dis-
charged, was insolvent.
Given under mv hand at Petersburg thU 25th day of May,
1852. " RICHARD McRAE,
Late Captain Petersburg Volunteers.
City of Petersburg* State of Virginia, to u-it:
This day, Richaid MeKae, late captain of the Petersburg
Volunteeis, (who is personally known to me,) personally
appealed before me, Jno. W. Nash, of the circuit court tor
the city aforesaid, and sub^ciibed in mv presence, and made
oath to the truth of the foregoing certificate.
Given under my hand this 25th day of May. 18«>2.
JNO. W. NASH.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Is this the
same claim that was referred to the Military Com-
mittee ?
Mr. MEADE. The claim was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. STEVENS. That committee reported
against it.
Mr. MEADE. No, sir; I understand from the
gentleman who had charge of the papers that he
reported favorably to the committee, and they,
regarding it as a private claim, directed it to be
reported back to the House, with the request that
it should be referred to the Committee on Private
Claims.
Mr. STEVENS. I may be mistaken, but my
recollection is, that that committee directed the
gentleman from Virginia to report against it, upon
the ground that it was a question of defective
proof, and that the law was amply sufficient, pro-
vided there was proof. I maybe mistaken, but
that is my recollection.
Mr. MEADE. The papers I am now reading
have been procured since that petition was re-
ferred, and they contain ample proof. I presume,
sir, the papers then before the committee was a
bare petition, without the proof necessary to
establish the claim. But now, I presume, the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, with the proofs I
have, would not hesitate to admit the claim.
Mr. Chairman, I received a few months agoths
