2200
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 12,
resolutions of the Virginia Legislature upon this
subject, in which her Representatives in Congress
were requested to present the claims of these pat-
riotic volunteers to the consideration of Congress,
and press the payment of them. And with these
resolutions was a copy of their discharge by the
Commanding General; and I venture to assert
there is not upon the records of the War Depart-
ment a more complimentary notice than thy one
voluntarily jriven fo them upon that occasion. J
wish I had the paper by me, for the purpose of
reading it to the committee.
Mr. CASKIE. If the gentleman thinks it, as
1 know he will, of sufficient importance in speak-
ing of the service of tins company, I would ask
him to eay whether his own city did not §et the
name by which it goes throughout Virginia—the
Cockade City—because of the services of thpse
men she sent to Canada?
Mr. MEADE. I believe the gentleman .states
a historical fact; but I did not wish to indulge the
egotism of boasting it myself. 1 will state that I
have received withm the last few days, from the
gallant old captain of that company, a letter, in
which he urges the passage of this bill. That old
man, after buffeting: with the world for twenty
years, was but a few years ago summoned home
by his friends-. He returned, hentand worn down
with old a<re and service. He i<j now living-upon
their bounty, not being; able, from physical weak-
ness, to labor for a livelihood. He enjoyed a
small office a few years ago, whose light duties he
was able to perform, and did perform. From this
office he lias been removed. Tins is the condition
not only of the captain of that company, but it is
that of several others. Many of them were
killed in that service. A poition of them lefurned
home wounded. I was well acquainted with a
member of that company, a gallant Scotchman,
who miraculously recoveied from a bullet hole
through his body. I beg leave to present to the
committee a statement of facts, under oath, frrm
an old citizen of the town of Petei shurg. It
was not before the committee that had charge of
this petition, it is the affidavit of Captain John
Pollard, whose name, wherever it is known, is a
guarantee for the truth of any statement he may
make:
Cxty of Petersham, to wit:
Thi  dav John Pollard poi«onnlly appealed bf-'ore mu, ;i
justice of the pcnco for the t>uid oiu «<uul made oath thai in:
is now in the vtv M'venth vcai of his ujr<\ ami js a it itive
ot tile cit> of Petcrtli!!^, v, iifir lie luta always rr-ided;
thaf lie well lemrmlx-i- the volunteer eotnpnnv commanded
by C.ipUiu Richard MeK;te, which matched Prom /Mci-,-
bur#, in IKiO, to join the we^ion a am . under Geneial liar
ri-on, and know,! as "The Peterr-bur;; VolnntecisThat
hn iva> well acquainted wuli a j^ieat in.uiv ol the mmo.'i-,
ofthat company, both bethie and alfet their retm ,i f,oin Un-
arm v, ami wa* well acquainted with James G. Chahtiei
who was the payni.ti-tor, a^ lie was informed and bcli.-ves,
ofiUe h.\tlnh<m or u'« uun\t to which s-uul company \v.i> at-
tached ; that after the return o! th" satd company t.  I'i tnts
bttuj, bealwavs (icaid and nmiei.-tood r'101,1 alt of'tho«e with
whom he coiivei-cd Upon the subject, that the mejuheif of
sanl company otilv i--cenud tlnee or torn month.- < : ih 'u
pa\, cnvim; fo the failure and Mchenry of the juU dial
mer-.- r/iut die said Chalrneis returned to iVUM*bu:t: in a
t-tate ol nisolvericv, and remained in Peter-bnii,' (or tij;01
four ycai> aftei bis n-tui n, ami df'd in iVterMwir'.e inn rate
ot uisohencv; Dial one o! the niembeiv c>[ th" comnanv.
Joteph (\ N'obic, hvi J u ith tins a ill a nr. a? a jonrnes man,
both before and a'tct In- return ; th it th'1 aboVo -fat'-ei.-ni
ot (acts, as it Hoards the frnlui<M)t tfie said p.iyma'-.u to
make, p-iv meitf to Hie inembi-is of the comp«m\, tva* i-im
finned by the s{Ik) Noble, who also iniormed this jiih.ia: on
llib return home, that he had been compelled, for the want '
ot funds, to stop in rise city of PitMnn« and work as a i-mr- ,
nevtnan s-addh i, bv which ho raided tunds, not onlj fo; hu
own expensus, but to enable inm to aid his brothei sohn<'js
Of the fame company to leacli then homes; that the failure >
of the company to rec< jve their prn was often a subj •( t c;i
conversation amoru: the memb >! «oi rhc companj, atfei then
return, m the pie&citce of fins afiiant. ;>ri<{ h;k n. t,f,hi <rs<Mjt
mailt? by all of them. and was of general uotonetv o- f\ :et
bu c nt ilmt tune, fn testimony vt hoi eoi, the Pol-aid
}j;'s mjii-crib.'d bes name to the fonv>i i<i ;>mi
niacin oat!) to the same. JOJJY POJ.]..\!,\n
worn to before me, W. E. T]iiiion. a pi-nce of the pe.'-ce
for the city of Tetersburc:, rhu> \2tith div of Mav, JrC 2.
W. E. H1NTOX, J P.
These soldiers have always believed that the uc-
cour t.rjs officers of the Treasury would ultimately .
pay them, and hence it is that they have i.ever he- '
fore maJe application to Congiess. There i« an-
other reason tor the delay. A great many of them
were not in nec-d of the money which was due to
them. They were youngandathleticatthattime,
and found it more profitable to work, than to stand '
at the door of the Treasury. They are now old
and infirm, and some of them in want. They now 1
ask you for the payment of a debt to them, while
you are bestowing bounties on others.
There are fifty-three privates provided for in this
estimate of the Auditor—five sergeants, six cor-
p'>rals,and two musicians, besides the officers. In
justice to these gallant soldiers, I shall ask that
this debt be paid to them, with interest from the
time at which it should have been paid. It ought
to have been paid to them at the time they were
discharged. For twenty years some of them have
been making fruitless efforts to obtain their hard-
earned wages, and now I hope that complete jus-
tice will be done them. The families of most of
them are living in my district; many of them are
in very needy circumstances, and it is theiefore I
appeal to the generosity, as well as the justice of
this House, that in ordering payment to these men, j
they will direct that interest be paid from the 17th I
of October, 1813. '
Mr. Chairman, I have made a plain statement '
of the facts of the case; a statement which is cor- j
roborated by record proof. This thing should be !
provided form one of the appropriation biffs—the j
Army bill. The amendment provides for the pay- |
mentof arrearages to soldiers, who have performed 1
their duties gallantly, and have received the testi- ■
mony of their commanding officers as to their gal- i
lantry and good conduct. I hope that my friend I
from Missuiui [Mr. Phelps] is satisfied, that if s
these men were to be sent again to the Third Audi- !
tor they wouldreceivethesamereplyasheretofore: j
th.xt his predecessors had refused, on account of'
the absence of the pay roll, and that he could not, :
without the authority of law, reversetheir decision. \
The question now is, whether these men are to !
suff r tor the fault oi'theGovernmentagentr The 1
paymaster was the agent of the Government, not
of the company. If he ha* not furnished theevi- j
dence by winch the amount of money due to these 1
men can be ascertained to the satisfaction of the 1
Government, it jsthe misfortune of the Govern-
ment. The soldiers cannot be charged with any \
delinquency, except for not sooner preferring their I
petition to Congress for the passage of a special !
bill m their favor. I trust that the remembrance |
of their patriotic services will insure a proper at-
tention to the petition of these men. They have I
earned a distinction not for themselves alone, but [
for their home, which is often the boast of the '
people of that State. Strangers and visitois who i
wish to compliment the city of Petersburg, never ;
fail to speak of the ever memorable services of her ;
volunteers,
t regret that I have not by me the discharge of I
their General. At the termination of their service,
he speaks of them as men who have been nursed |
in the lap of ease; they thought not then of the '
pay they were to receive: a more ennobling feeling 1
drew them to the frontier. They were then young, : [
bold, and aspirmg; they me now old and in want;
i hey natural ly turn to their Government from which i1
they demand only a compliance with their engage- 1
rnent. That Government will not be so hcnrtlesd :
as to tell them they must be content as heretofore
with the glory of their aehie\ernents.
Mr, yCCJDDEU. next took the floor, and ad-
dressed the committee an hour upon the.subject of
the tlsiieues, and m showing that the claim now ji
set up by England is m violation of the rights of ,
the United States, under the treaty with that "
Power. [This speech will be found in the Ap- h
pendix.] '■
Air. HOUSTON. I propose to the committee .!
that we go into the House and puss a resolution, ■
closing debate upon the Army impropriation bill
to-morrow at twelve o'clock. We can have an !'
evening session, and gentlemen then will be af-
forded an opportunity to make hour speeches. j1
IUr. POLK, i ooject; for the reason that we 1
have passed many bills without any discussion : 1
at all. !,
M.\ HOUSTOAT. I move that the committee
do now rh'e. ;
A .Member. I demand a division upon that
motion. ij
Air. HO US TON". I will then withdraw my [
motion, as I am satisfied there is no quorum pres- ,,
ent. I shall move, when we get into the House, :
to closc the debate upon this bill at twelve o'clock i1
to-morrow. ' '<
Air. CAMPRELI/, of Ohio. I have something ;!
to say m reply to the remarks of my colleague, j;
[Mr. Olds.] He is not now in his seat, and I ji
should prefer that the committee would take a i'i
recess. There are other gentlemen who desire to
speak, as 1 understand, upon political matters £en-
eially,and I will, therefore, submit the motion
that the committee take a recess until six o'clock
this evening.
Objection was made.
Mr. CAMPBKLL then addressed the commit-
tee an houi in defending Mr. Corwan against a
charge made against him by his colleague, [Mr.
Olds,) that he had assisted m perpetrating a fraud
upon the Treasury, by prosecution of the Gard-
iner claim. He denied that Mr. Corwin had any
connection with the prosecution of that claim;but
asserted that, on the contrary, he had abandoned
any connection with it before'he took charge of the
Tieasury Department. He then, by way ofcon-
trast, entered into au examination of the* defalca-
tions of public officers under Democratic Admin-
istrations. He also spoke of the position of Gen-
eral Scott upon all the great questions which have
been in issue between the two principal parties of
; the country, maintaining that he was a true Whig
l m tegard to protection, river and harbor improve-
| meats, the veto power, and the distribution of the
: proceeds of the public lands.
■ [His remarks will be found in the Appendix.]
: Mr. SKEIiTO^y next obtained the floor, but
yielded it to
; Air. HEINTN, on whose motion the committee
i took a recess until seven o'clock, p. m.
EVENING K ESS TOX.
1 The Committee of the Whole on the Mate of
i the Union resumed its session at 7 o'clock, p. m
! The CHAIRMAN. Thegentl em;u! from New
■ Jersey [Mr. Sxelton] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. FREEMAN. With the consent (t' the
j gentleman from .Xew jersey, I will state that 1
have desired forsnme time to address the c 'inmit-
tee upon the subject of the public, land policy of
the United States. It is known that a couple oi'
railroads of my State have been, and ere still, be-
fore the Committee of the Whole. The session
! is far advanced, and the probability is, tliey will
not come up for discussion; and as there is «great
deal of pressing business before us, I will ask leave
\ of the committee to publish a printed argument
t upon the subject. [This speech is published in
1 the Appendix.]
Leave was granted.
Mr. SKELTON said that he rose for the pur-
pose of redeeming: a pledge made to the House a
few days since. It would be recollected that in a
discussion which then took place, a charge was
brought against his State by the honorable mem-
, ber from Arkansas, [Mr. Joh.ysox]—a i harge
, which was derogatory to the fair fame of thai Slate,
and which appeared to demand a reply and an tx-
I planation. He would state that whatevern nurks
: he might now make, were not intended to have a
personal bearing, for the gentleman from A-'ran-
, sas, who brought this charge against his State,
: afterwards made such an explanation as to sui'.-ifv
him that lie had 110 intention of misrepresenting
the State of New Jersey or her Representatives!
, The remark made by the gentleman was, that
; "the State of New Jersey levied a tax upon pas-
sengers passing through it,for the purpose ofsup-
porting its Government." It was this point to
which he wished to reply. At the time thecharse
i was made he pronounced it unfounded, and as-
serted that there was no truth in ii; and he would
now reiterate that there was 110 tax levied upon
any stianger passing through the State of New
1 here is,
and Ambov
pass through the State of New Jersey.
he said, a tax levied on the Camden n
Railroad Company of ten cents a passeii er; but
if this was taken oil' to-morrow the fare vouki not
be reduced. Therefore, it was not a fax on the
passengers. The corporation was rerpuved to
contribute to the support of the State as well as
individual citizens, to which there can be no ob-
jection. This Stale has ever shown a sohritude
to guard the interests oi the citizens of every State,
and to guard persons passing through it's limits
from imposition by chartered" assoce'tiinr.. He
then referred to the past history of the
show that its character was beyond re;;'Y. ; ■;. .
Mr. NEWTON next obtained the floor. He
gave the outlines of a speech which h  intended
to prepare for publication, the leading features of
