1336
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 12,
was referred the bin from the House of Repre-
sentatives for the relief of Osborn Cross, of the
United States Army, reported it back without
amendment.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to which was referred the memorial of the
Leeistoture-of Mississippi, praying the establish-
ment of a port of entry at Bijoxi, arid additional
mail facilities to that place, reported a bill to es-
tablish a port of delivery at that place; which was
read, and passed to the*second reading.
•.He also, from the same committee, to which a
letter from the Secretary of the Treasury on the
subject was - referred, reported a bill authorizing;
imported goods, wares, and merchandise, entered
ana bonded for warehousing in pursuance of law,
to be exported by certain routes to ports or places
in.Mexico; which was read, and passed to the
second reading.
He klso, from the Committee on Printing, to
■which was referred the motion to print the petition
of-.laborers lately employed on the addition to the
Capitol, praying to be allowed pay for the time
lost by them in waiting for the work to be con-
tinued during the past winter, reported against
printing the same; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the motion to print the memorial of
M. F. Maury, of the Navy, praying the estab-
lishment of a line of mail steam ships from Norfolk
or Charleston to Para, at the mouth of the Ama-
zon, to connect with a line running thence to Rio
de Janeiro, reported in favor of printing the same;
which was agreed to.
Mr. MASON, from the Committee on Foreign
Relations, to which was referred the petition of
Joseph Balestier, praying to be allowed certain
items rejected in the settlement of his accounts at
the Department of State, for services and expenses
as special agent to Cochin China, and other por-
tions of Southeastern Asia, submitted a leport,
accompanied by a bill for hi1? relief; which was
read and passed to the second reading. The re-
port was ordered to be printed.
Mr, BRADBURY, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to which was referred the report of the
Secretary of War, in relation to contracts made
with officers of the Army to furnish supplies to
the Government, reported a bill making it penal
for officers of the United States Army to become
contractors, either directly or indirectly; which
was read and passed to the second reading.
ORGANIZATION OF THE ARMY.
Mr. SHIELDS, The Committee on Military
Affairs have instructed me to make a report ac-
companied by a bill, in relation to the several de-
partments of the Army—the Subsistence Depart-
ment, the Quartermaster's Department, and the
Adjutant General's Department. I may say, at
this time, that the bill contemplates the abrogation
of those departments, arid the filling them up by
details from the line. It is a bill to repeal the sev-
eral acts organizing the Staff Departments of the
Army therein mentioned, and to provide for the
discharge of the duties thereof by a detail of offi-
cers of the line. This is a measure of very great
importance, and it is hoped that it will accomplish
a very desirable object. It is hoped that it will
prevent the abuses which have become so common
m those departments. This is a very radical bill,
I confess, but it has the approval of the head of
the War Department, and the approval of the
General-in-Chief of the Army. I may as well
add, that the Secretary of War has aided the
Committee on Military Affairs very materially
this winter in bringing forward measures to pre-
vent the abuses that have become so very preva-
lent. in the Army.
The bill was read, and ordered to a second read-
ing, and the report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. SHIELDS. I rise to request that the bill
and report may be printed tog-ether. I before
stated the leason in one case. "We are exceed-
ingly anxious, in making these great changes in
the Army, to derive what information we can from
the suggestions of experienced officers in the Army
in every part of the country, and we can only do !
that by ^sending the bill and report together to I
those officers, In relation to measures that have j
been brought forward, I have already received ;
from them an immense amount of instruction and
information of which I shall avail myself hereaf-
ter. I will now move that the bill and report, in
this case, be printed together.
The PRESIDENT. No 'motion is necessary
for that purpose.' The Secretary can give direc-
tions to have them printed in that way.
Mr. SHIELDS. I move that ten thousand
extra copies of the bill and report be printed.
The motion was referred to the Committee on
Printing.
RAILROAD IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. GWIN, by unanimous consent, asked and
obtained leave to introduce a bill granting the
right of way and a portion of the public lands to
the State of California, to aid in the construction
of a railroad from the city of San Francisco to the
city of San Jose, in that State; which was read a
first and second time by its title, and referred to
the Committee oil Public Lands.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. RUSK gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce a bill to reduce the rates of post-
age upon newspapers and other printed matter,
and to regulate the salaries of postmasters, and for
other purposes.
Mr. SHIELDS gave notice of his intention to
introduce a bill granting the1 right of-way and
making a grant of public lands to the States of
Ohio-, Indiana, and Illinois, in aid of the construc-
tion of a railroad from Cincinnati to St. Louis.
ISLAND OF MAT1MCAS.
The bill to annex the Island of Matinicas, in the
county of Lincoln, in the State of Maine, to the
collection district of Waldoboro', in said county,
was lead a third time and passed.
IMPROVEMENT IN LIGHT-HOUSES.
Mr. SEWARD submitted the following resolu-
tion:
ItesolieJ, That the Secretary of the Treasury be re-
quested to tiaiusnnt to the Senate a communication trom J.
IV. P. Lewi-, uuder date of the 7Ui ot'Mav, or thereabout,
with the accompanying documents, relating to the Mibjuct
ol the improvement ot' hght-houj-es.
LIEUTENANT TEMPLE'S MEMOIR.
On the motion of Mr. Bell, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution, sub-
mitted by him some days since:
Resolved, Thiit tin? Secretary of tlif; Navy be lequestcd
to furiiifll the Senate with a ciipyof the memoir of the land-
ing ot the United States troops at Vera Ciuz in 1847, by
Lieutenant William Grenville Temple, with an appendix
containing the written oiders of Geueial Scott and Commo-
dore Coiuier3 on lile in the Navy Depattment.
Mr. CASS. Who proposes the resolution ?
Mr. BELL. 1 have offered it.
Mr, CASS. I hope the honorable Senator will
be good enough to state what is the object oi it.
Mr. BELL. I understand that this is a very
brief memoir of an achievement which I have
heard highly spoken of by many officers. I have
never yet read a statement of it which was satis-
factory or very interesting to me in its details. I un-
derstand that this memoir possesses a great deal of
merit; that it is very brief, and even including the
appendix, mentioned in the resolution, does not
exceed forty folio pages of manuscript. I did not
suppose that there would be an objector in the
Senate to having it transmitted to us. If it should
be transmitted, the question of printing would, of
course, go to the Committee on Printing; and if it
should be found not worthy of publication by
order of the Senate, it would be laid on the table.
This memoir is an interesting part of our military
history. I understand that it is chiefly profes-
sional, and designed for the information and grati-
fication of the officers of the Army and Navy. 1
do not see any possible objection to the resolution
in that point of view. I do not see why there
should be an objection to having the communica-
tion made to the Senate. I have never read it;
but I have heard several gentlemen speak of it as
a performance within a very brief compass, and
possessing a great deal of merit.
Mr. CASS. I would ask the honorable mem-
ber if this is an official report of this officer to his
superior, or to the Navy Department?
Mr. BELL. 1 suppose it is a volunteer memoir !
communicated to the Navy Department. I under- ,
stand that it is approved by the head of that De-
partment.
Mr. CASS. I am unwilling that the Senate
should be made the vehicle of these applications, i
An officer, when he is in the service, may write
something, and come to the Senate and endeavor
to make the Senate the vehicle of spreading his
communication before the country. I think the
practice is wrong.
Mr. HAMLIN. When the resolution was first
.read, I supposed the object was precisely what
the Senator from Tennessee now avows it to be—
the publication of another small book, i hope
the resolution will not pass, if that is the only ob-
ject—if it is to bring this document here to the
Senate for the put pose of publishing the work .of
thiS'officer. 1 think we have had enough of that.
We have published a variety of books. We have
drawn greatly upon, our contingent fund for that
purpose; and I think we may just as well go into
the whole circle of the sciences and publish scien-
tific works, or works of fiction, which would be
interesting to some, as to be continuing this sys-
tem. Recently, if a man wants to make a book,
he gets into the Navy, or into the Army, or into
some survey, and makes a report to some of the
Departments, invites a kind friend here to call it
out, and behold, a book is spread before the world I
I hope a stop will be put to this. I therefore move
that the resolution be laid upon the table; and
upon that I ask for the yeas and nays.
Mr. BELL- I hope the honorable Senator will
withdraw the motion for a moment,
Mr. HAMLIN. I will.
Mr. BELL. I have utterly disavowed any
idea of making a book for the printers, or of ma-
: king a job for anybody, or of taxing the Senate
i beyond what it might choose voluntarily to tax
] the contingent fund.
I Mr. MANGUM. I hope honorable Senators
• will not persevere in their opposition to the reso-
lution. I see that gentlemen already shrink from
t it with a great deal of sensibility. They seem to
i be afraid "to let the people get at this information.
I Perhaps it is punishing gentlemen unnecessarily
! in advance,
| Mr. BELL. I beg leave to add, that I had no
j view of a political character. I had no view of
| alarming the sensibilities, or of excitingthe appre-
hensions of gentlemen of any political creed, or of
exciting their fears by the introduction of this
resolution. I have risen for the purpose of dis-
avowing any intention of desiring to add to the
number of books which we print. I think this is
very small game. I think this is a very small ob-
ject upon which to settle a precedent for putting a
stop to these numerous publications. I admit
I that a good many communications of this descrip-
; tion have been made to this body; but J beg hon-
orable Senators to remember that this is but a
very brief detail of an achievement of which the
, whole country may well beproud. I am told that
! the circumstances under which the debarkation of
1 our troops at Yera Cruz was effected were very
; extraordinary; that striking skill was manifested,
■ j considering the perils theyhad to encounter.
This memoir does not exceed forty pages in
'[ manuscript, and I suppose it would not make a
jj book of more than twenty pages. Let gentlemen
; j look at the voluminous documents of the regular
reports. Gentlemen object to this because it is not
j'an official report. Let them look at their official
, reports—so ponderous, so voluminous, that not
!! one man in a hundred thousand in the United
! | States ever thinks of wading through them to get
j; at the details of our military transactions. I be-
j j lieve that our documentary reports from the heads
;; of bureaus amount to volumes, instead of, as for-
h merly, a single volume, communicated by the
' Executive annually to Congress.
i) In offering this resolution, I had no motive but
| to have this memoir furnished for my own gratifi-
i i cation, and for the purpose of illustrating a portion
.. of the annals of the country that 1 thought would
1 j be interesting to everybody, and, perhaps, taking
1 from the contingent fund of this body some few
i| dollars, if it should be thought worth while t©
• print it. How can honorable Senators object to
' having this information communicated? If it is
: furnished to us, honorable Senators can inspect it,
j and see if it be riot worthy of printing, and if it be
' not a production of unusual merit. One great
i merit, which it certainly has, consists in its brevity.
! It condenses within a few pages some of the most
important military details, the perusal of which
i would not only gratify and instruct every officer
| of the Armyand Navy, but particularly those who
' were not directly engaged in the transaction. It
, would also be gratifying to every inquiring gen-
tleman on such subjects. Let us have the com-
munication laid on the table. Honorable gentle-
men object to making a book of this. Then I shall
not urge it any further, if it is objected to by a
