1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2201
which would be in opposition to the fugitive slave
law. He contended that the fugitive slave law
was unconstitutional, and that it was entirely and
essentially severe in all its important provisions:
that theie was no cause for its severity, and there
were palpable reasons why a change should be
made in its essential features. He also contended
that every attempt to enforce if. was attended \v,fh
decidedly more evil than beneficial effects, and that
no law of tins character could be enforced which
did not meet theconlidence of an enlightened com-
munity; for whenever it became necessary to ex-
ecute a law, confidence was important to give it
validity. [See Appendix.]
Mr. ROSS gave at length the reasons which
would influence him against any modification of
the tariff* of 1846, particularly any modification
which would render its duties more protective than
they now are. He was opposed to what was
called the home valuation, and in favor of ad va-
lorem duties, looking torwaid with pleasurable
emotions to the period when commerce shall be
less shackled than it is now. [See Appendix.]
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, obtained the
floor.
Mr. FAULKNER. Will the gentleman from
Pennsylvania yield me the floor for a few minutes?
Mr. STEVENS. I will allow the gentleman
from Virginia a few minutes, to be taken out of
my time, if 1 shall not lose the floor thereby.
The CHAIRMAN. If it is no proposition
which the gentleman from Virginia wishes to sub-
mit, but merely an explanation. It is usual to
yield the floor for explanation. But the gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Faulkner] cannot submit
any proposition to the committee without taking
the floor altogether, in which case, if anybody I
ehe gets if, the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Stkvkjcs] would lose the floor. The gentle- .
man can yield the floor by unanimous consent.
Mi'. STEVENS. 1 hope the House will allow
it by unanimous consent. I am quite willing that
it should come out of my time.
Mr. FAULKNER. 1 line, sir, to give notice
that I will, at the proper time,and dan Mir the pro- !
gress of this bill before the committee, oiler the ■
following amendment to the sixth page, one hun-
dred and thirty-first line of the bill, and to add aftei ,
the clause making an appropriation of ^50,000
for the manufacture of arms, the following pro-
viso:
P)funded, Tnaf from and after the 1st day of October
next, <o nuK'ii of the act of Conyrc?&, approved AuL'fi^t
piaee-Uhc national armone-. under tho *upenntend-
oiK'C of <in olficoi of tilo Ordnance (Joi p* be, and the t-ame
is hereby, repealed ; and from tliat day the said armories
shall be uncle.* that system of superintendence winch e.vMed
prior to Hie parage of-aid art.
Mr. FAULKNER said that he represented a
distuct in which one of the national armoiies was
located; that great dissatisfaction existed with the
system now established there, and that lis cam-5
here instructed by that port'on of his people inter-
ested m tin se establishments to procure, if prac-
ticable. a change from the military to the system
of civii bupermtendeney. The question was one in-
volving lu her prneioles and deeper consequences
than seemed at first sight. He had brought the
subject before the Committee on Military Affairs,
and' that committee bad, several months ago,
ordeied a report and bill, but no opportunity had
occurred, under the rules ot the House, to lay it
before that body. The report and bill had not
vet been piesented, which he and his constituents
revalued ns a great hardship. He determined to
avail himself of the occasion which he now en-
joyed under the usages of the committee, to pre-
sent his« views in full upon the respective merits of
thetwosyslems. >So th.\t if his amendment should
be ruled to be out of oiuer when it came up, m
tiie progress of the prese-it bill—suil, it would
^ive the House full pn^rs-vioii of the grounds upon
which lie re.ifed his views of the proper nys',em of
Government for the armories; and if the bill irom
the Military Committee should yet come up before
the end of'the session, the argument made now
would better prepare their minds for action on the
bill when it did come up. [The remarks of Mr.
F. will be found in the Appendix.]
Mr. STEVEN'S, of Pennsylvania, addressed
ihecommitteenn hour, in examination of the Presi-
dential platform, and the principles involved therein,
tie repudiated all such platforms. After discuss-
ing the present condition of the slavery question,
and warning the South against the effects upon
themselves, of the ultra policy they were attempt-
ing to enforce upon the country, he spoke of the
Presidential candidates, and eulogized the military
and civil capacities of General Scott, and advoca-
ted his fitness for the Presidency. [See Appen-
dix.]
Mr. ORR moved that the committee rise.
The question was put and the motion was agreed
to.
The committee accordingly rose, and the Speaker
having resumed the Chair, the chairman of the
committee (Mr. Bocock) reported that the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union had,
according to order, had the state of the Union gen-
erally under consideration, ynd particularly House
bill No. 2i>0, making appropriation for the Army,
for the present fiscal year, and had come to no
conclusion theieon.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask leave of the House to
report the fortification bill.
Mr. K1 \G of New York. There is no quorum
present, and I object.
On motion by Mr. FOWLER,the House then
adjourned until to-morrow at eleven o'clock, a. m.
PETITIONS, &e.
The following petitions, memouals, &<\, were presented
under the rule, and retoired to the appropriate committees •
JJy Mr. MeiVAUl: The petition of Darnel S. Shultz
find 49 otbei ?, for a mail route troin I'utkvillc to Alleuanvn
in Penn-ylvaina.
By Mr. JONES, of New York : The petition of David
Moiugomeiy, of Onondaga county, in the State of New
Yoik, an invalid peritonei, foi fuither relief*
BvMi, SCUDDflR : The petitions of Amo* Ou«, and
Anthony Ivelley and others, ot Ma^aelm-^Us asking that
an anruid toice of the United State> N.ivy may be dispatched
to the Gulf of fc^t. Lawrence ami adjacent vvutois, to give
eoiuiU'tianee and piotection to the fi-herineu.
By Mr. BRIGGtf : The nioinoiiui ot Ralph Davenport
and othoi*-, askumConnies lortlie p'is.-.iire ot nlaw for the
better secuutj ot live:? on boaid ot vessels propelled by
steam.
Also, K. T. Kdley.utd othei-, tbi the sane'.
Also, William II. Woodman and others, tor the -"ime.
Al&o, T. Ne u- & fcjon, and othci.s, loi the same.
Al>o,  Junf, Brother &. Co., and otheisloi the suiic.
A1j=o, P. II Diamond and ot'terv, U i the t-Mtne.
ALso, Edwar<i Seymour and other*, lor the sunc.
Dy Mi. MOORE, of Louisiana: The petition ot J. f).
Ottoip and tH other eiti/.en-, alonjx the ioule, pr. - '' ~ •
vijle.
post load irom Sparta to ("iner-on, in the parish ol Bu
Louisiana. 1
By Mi. ALLISON : Three petition-, Mimed by Rev. ;
D Robinson, William McCalh.-tei, and -223 otheK-, (ili/.ens ;
of Beaver county, Pennsylvania, praying for the parage I
of a hill intioduced by the lion. Kdwaid Stanly, appto- j
pnatin^ certain moneys in aid of the American Oolom- :
zation Society ;
Als-o, asmnlai petition, «igned by J'rofe^or R. U. Lee, i
and 3.) others, citizens ot Washington county, Pennvyl ,
vama. !
By Mr. BRIG'GS : The memorial of G. T. Oohh & Co ,
and others ou/.en- of New York, asking Congress 101 the |
parage ol a law lor the bettet piotection or lives on boaid |
ol s-teaniho-o- '
ANo, R !'. That- ton ami otln-is, <oi the kiltie. J
Also. 11. V Jand ofher-, lor the -amc. s
Al-u.' S. C I5nit.ni .md others, toi th.'s.ime.
fly Mr ROBBING The petition ot John Me.Uanus,
K-q., lion. William Stiong, ami other citizens ot !
PennsUvania. anions, whom me inventor^, patentee-,
a-kmj Congo"-- to pa —
■ piaencal benefit ot an
com t ol law. .nid al-o to
Li Ot Patent-'to 000.
manuiaotniei-, and olliei citi/cns
an act that mil re«-:"ie them tin
appeal fioni the Patent OHiee io a
ra^r* th«i salary ot tin ('oriiitibMD'i
IN SENATE.
FitmvY, August 13, 18o2. !
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. C. M. Butler. .
Air CASS. i\Tr. President, iritis the pleasure ■
■ of the Senate to £,ro on with private business to- i
day, according to our rule, I shall not infeifiose ■
■ any objection, though I coushier ft use.e.-s to do
: so. I do not believe thata private b;il, which may
: j fissat this period of the session, will hjve the ■
' slightest chance in the world of bem^ tak^n up in
the House of Representative.-!, and therefore per-
haps we may as well j^o on with the puoho busi-
" ness. But I repeat, if the Senate choose to go on ^
- with private bills, 1 shall interpose no objection.
| 1 f they do not, it is my desire to move to fake up !
. i the bill for the construction of a ship-can J around
the Falls of theSault Ste. Mmie. The liiends of
that bill have frequently ^ivesi way for the press- :
sure of other business. I will not, however, sub- :
rnit the motion to suspend the execution of the .
ordtT if it is the pleasure of the Senate to go on
'' with it. ;
| Mr. ADAMS. I desire to ask the favor of the
j Senate, before the mot sou is submitted, to state,
I • that on last objection day I inadvertently objected ;
:i to the consideration of a bill for the relief of Isaac [
Adams. I was the only one who objected to that
bill, and I ask the Senate to consider it at this
time.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator cannot make
the motion to take it up unless the regular order
requiring1 the Calendar to be taken up be first sus-
pended.
Mr. ADAMS. I know that, and I therefore
ask the postponement of the regular orders for the
purpose of considering that bill.
The PRESIDENT. The question will be first
on postponing the order, and then on taking up
whatever may be submitted afterwards.
Mr. MILLER. This is the last day upon
winch private bills will have any chance at all;
and I tru^t they will have the full benefit of the
day. I hope the rule will not be suspended, but
that we will go on with the consideration of the
private bills which are on the Calendar. There
are some very haid cases there. Two Fridays in
succession have been taken from their considera-
tion, and therefore I trust the Senate will give
them this, the last day assigned to such as are un-
objectionable.
Mr. BRIGHT. I would inquire whether the
morning business is suspended by the order that
has been made ?
The PRESIDENT. It is; for the order is,
that private business shall be considered to the
exclusion of all other business.
Mr. BRIGHT. I move to suspend the execu-
tion of the order until twelve o'clock. I wish to
give notice of a bill which I intend to ask leave to
introduce.
Mr. CHASE. I hope the Senator from Indi-
ana will not insist on that motion. Certainly, we
oiT'ht to <;ivc this, the last day which_ can be ap-
propriated to private bills, to the relief of those
individuals who have claims before us.
Mr. BRIGf lT. I withdraw the motion, for i
see that ail the time which_ I desire to apply to
business will be wasted in discussion.
CONTUMACY OP A WITNESS.
Mr. HOUSTON. Mi. President, I lise to a
1 question of pnvilege. J am instructed by the
i special committee, raised on the 6th instant, to
j make a report to the Senate.
The PRESIDENT. Without knowing the na-
■ ture of the report—whether it can he taken up in
, violation of the order of the Senate—the Chair is
: unable to receive it. If the Chair knew precisely
' what was the question of privilege, it might su-
1 neraede the order made by the Senate.
| Mr. HOUSTON. The report which I desire
' to make, is from the Special Committee raised by
the Senate on the 6th instant, and relates to the
'contumacy of a witness summoned before that
committee to ^ivc testimony in a case of which
the committee have taken cognizance Yesterday
he wa*« <unmiio f-d, and appeared before the com-
mittee, but refused to take the oath prescribed by
■ ihe committee. It was postponed until this morn-
ing, when he reappeared, and after assigning his
, leasons, declined, the second time, to take the
oath. The committee deemed it their duty,
, through their chairman, to make a report of the
| fict to th j Senate, that the committee im>h< have
the opportunity of getting the action ol the Senate
i thcu-on. With that view, the report is submitted
' to thu Senate, and a resolution for its adoption.
1 move thai the report be read.
The PRESIDENT. Tne rule setting apart
Fiidnv-4 !V the consideration of private bills, as
ado neu. is miperative. Whether a report on the
ciiifui.i.'ey of a witness will enab'e the Chair to
d^pji'f b'>m the rale, he is not prepared to say.
The Ch:<ir will, however, .state to the Senate, that
by unanimous consent, the report from the com-
mittee on this particular subject will bp received.
Mr. CASS. It ought to be received.
Mr. BITTLEU. It on-^bt to be received as a
question of privilege. If desired, ir enrt then be
laid over till'Monday.
The report wa> read, as iollows:
c; The Select Corn rrntkmine Senate appointed on the 6th
of Aiuru-?t, 185-2, report, that on the morrnnjj of the 13th of
Au'ra^t, U it, John .McCuiMi-apn. are4 before the commit-
tee^havinu been duly sinnmoned as a witness. The com-
mittee, by "one of membi h. read the resolution of the
Senate under which thev were organized, to Mr. MeGin-
jij5. and a.-;o the foi m of ihe oath which he was required to
take, wlueh is m these vvonls : 1 You do swear that the
•'testimony wlneh you may give on the present occasion,
•tou'-lumz the matteis embraced in the resolution of the
• ('ruled States Senate, of the 6th of August, 1852, which
