1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1SS7
majority of the Senate. I had no personal object
in asking for this information. I hnd no motive
to gratify distinguished individuals in any quarter,
or to impede the prospects of others. Such a con-
sideration never flashed across my mind. I had
no communication with gentlemen of that class
ypon the subject.
Mr. BERRIEN. I ask that the resolution may
be'read.
- The resolution was accordingly read.
^ Mr. BERRIEN. It does seem to me to be very
singular, that when a member of the Senate desires
. to obtain from one of the Departments a document
in which lie takes an interest, and which he .be-
lieves to be interesting to the public, there should
be any objection to making the call and having it
answered. If, after the paper be laid on the ta°ble
pf the Senate, a motion shall be made, having for
its object the making of a book, as gentlemen ex-
press it, then, it .appears to me, would be the
proper time to urge the objection. But, I really
think that due courtesy to a member of the Senate
who desires such information, should induce us,
at least, to acquiesce in the call.
Mr. CLEMENS. Mr. President, it seems to
me that after the declarations made by the Senator
from North Carolina, the Senator from Georgia
need not have been surprised at any opposition be-
ing made to the adoption ofthis resolution. Why,
sir, the Senator frofri North Carolina avowed in
as plain language as if he had said it in so many
words, that it was intended for air electioneering
purpose—that it was offered here to aid a presi-
dential aspitant—that it is to take part m political
intrigues. He tells us not to object to this, be-
cause we are to be punished sufficiently by the
people. Who are to be punished? Why, sir,
those who object to this resolution; the Democrats
are to be punished by the people. And he supposes
that we wished to prevent the publication of this
memoir because it might add to the reputation of
his particular candidate for the Presidency. I
shall vote against it for that reason, and for that
reason alone.
I have had as little to do with political intrigues
as any member of this body, and I intend to hare
as little to do with them. But I do not intend to
countenance any proposition to print documents
here at the expense of the Senate, to aid a politi-
cal aspirant. Besides, of what use is it to us? The
Senator from Tennessee says he wishes this docu-
ment communicated in order that we may exam-
ine it. Suppose it is sent here, how many will
examine it unless it is printed and laid upon our
tables. Who will go to read it in manuscript?
Not half a dozen members-of the Senate. The
object is to print; the object in bringing it here is
to secure its being printed, and a further objcct
■which is intimated by the Senator from North
Carolina, is to use it as an electioneering docu-
ment.
I am willing to give to General Scott all the
credit to which he is entitled. I have heretofore
manifested that willingness again and again. I
intend to.manifest it at this session. I intend to
urge the adoption of a resolution conferring upon
him the highest rank which has ever.been con-
ferred upon a citizen of the United States save
one. But when it is intimated that this document
is to be brought here to be used for the purpose
of electing him to the Presidency of these United
States, I shall goagainstit,evenif the resultshould
be injustice to him.
Mr. MANGUM. Mr. President, the Senator
from Alabama entirely and totally misconceives
me. I did not know of the existence of such a
resolution until the debate was opened. I did not
intimate, nor do I now intimate, that there was
any purpose whatever to use this as an election-
eering document. But what I did intend to say
was this: I understood this to be a resolution call-
ing for a memoir that was supposed to be very
highly creditable to the commanding general in the
late war. I saw that gentlemen winced under its
developments. I did not say that the expense of
printing this document should be necessarily in-
curred with the view of advancing partisan ob-
jects. What I did say, and what I meant, was,
that I thought it a little inhuman to be "piling up
the agony "upon gentlemen who felt a little shrink-
ing under the influence of such developments. I
had seen, as the debate went on, a motion to lay
the resolution upon the table. It is utterly imma-
terial to me what is done with it. I never con-1
ferred with the honorable Senator from Tennessee
m regard to it. 1 do not know what is the-nature
of the memoir indicated I take ii lor granted
that it is one highly honorable to the commanding
general. 1 thought it would be a little cruel no*v
to punish gentlemen who vote against it. What
I meant, simply was that these gentlemen, m the
couise of destiny, will have to encounter some
very rough and stumpy roads, and I thought it
unnecessary to be premature m inflicting punish-
ment. That is all I meant.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, I regret that
there has been anything of a political character
connected with this debate. It was the furthest
thing in the world from my intention to say aught
or to do aught that would be productive of such a
debate. Perhaps I should have stated that the
subject of printing has been investigated by the
Committee on Printing, and I am gratified to be
able to say, that upon a full examination, a ma-
jority of that committee have come to the conclu-
sion to make an elfort to put a stop to book-making
in the Senate. I am willing to admit that it is as
appropriate to print books eulogistic of individuals-
as books of any other character, and I should
otfer no objection to the printing of this memoir
that I would not offer to the printing of any other
document, looking towards the making of a book.
It is upon the general principle that I oppose
it.
It is true that the resolution is a simple call on
the Navy Department for tins memoir. It is
equally true that the honorable Senator from Ten-
nessee stated expressly that the object of that call
was to print it. It was, therefore, inasmuch as it
came within the rule which the Committee on
Printing would attempt to enforce, that 1 made
the motion to lay it upon the table. I will not now
renew that motion, but I am willing to allow the
question to be taken upon the direct passage of the
resolution, hoping and trusting that it will be re-
jected, not because I am unwilling that the utmost
publicity in the world should be given to it, but
because it is a matter which should not come be-
fore the Senate. I think the Senate should not be
asked to make a book on this occasion. 1 will
state that the committee have already reported
against the reprinting of one of the books which
have already been published by the Senate.
In relation to the political character of this de-
bate, I will only say to the Senator from North
Carolina, that however many obstructions there
may be in the way, yet, at an appropriate time, I
trust they will all be easily removed, and that
whoever may be the individual favored by that
distinguished Senator, the person who shall be
nominated by my friends on this side of the
Chamber is destined to be the next President of
the United States.
Mr. HUNTER. It is now time to call up the
deficiency bill, and I therefore move to postpone
the further consideration of the resolution until
to-morrow.
Mr. CASS. I merely want to say, that when
I interposed an objection to this resolution, I had
no more idea that it referred to General Scott than
that it referred to the Queen of England. I sup-
posed that it was just one of those applications
which are made to us by young officers, who
think they have written something creditable,and
want it to get before the world, and come to the
Senate to make it the vehicle of communication.
I did not hear one word the Senator from North
Carolina said. I was at that time engaged in
talking with a gentleman in the lobby. The first
intimation that I had that anything was said in
relation to General Scott was from tiie gentleman
from Alabama. I should not have said a single
word, if I supposed the resolution had any such
bearing. But the Senate will do me the justice to
recollect that this is the ground I have taken two
or three times before. I have opposed the trans-
mission of such information to the Senate. I have
heen opposed to making the Senate the vehicle to
spread papers before the public, but under the
circumstances, I shall interpose no further objec-
tion to this resolution.
Mr. HALE. As I have a word to say on this
subject, and as I do not wish to occupy the time
which the Senator from Virginia wishes devoted
to the deficiency bill, I move to postpone the
further consideration of this subject until to-mor-
row.
The motion was agreed to.
THE DEFICIENCY BILL.
The Senate resumed, as itl Committee of the
Whole, the consideration' of the Ml from the
House of Representa.tives, entitled " An act to
supply deficiencies in the'appropriations .for the
service of the fiscafyear ending the 38_th'of June,
1852," the question pending, being upon the
amendment of the Committee on'Finance, as it had
been amended, to insert the following: .
Foi additional compensation for mcreawnfr the transport-
ation ot the United States mail between New York and
^Liverpool, in the Collins line of steamers, to twenty-six
trips per annum, at sueh'times as shall be directed by fh'e
Postmaster General, and in conformity to ibis la-t annual
report to Congress, and Ins letter ot'tlie loth of November
la^t to the Secretary of the Navy, commencing said in-
creased serviced! tile first of January1, 1852, at the rate of
StfS.OOO per tlip, in heu of the present allowance, the sum
of $-236,500: J'iomle/1, That it shall he in the power of
Congress, at any time after the first day of January, 185-1,
to terminate the arrangement for any additional allowance
hei em provided lor.
Mr. BORLAND addressed theSenate for some-
time without finishing, and oni his motion the
further consKjeration of the subject was postponed
until to-mofrow. ■
ENTRIES OP LAND IN FLORIDA.
On the motion of Mr. MALLORY, the Senate
proceeded to consider, ns in Committee of the
Whole, the bill from the ITouse of Representatives
to legalize certain entries of public land made in
the State of Florida, and no amendment being
made, it was read a third time and passed.
CLAIMS AGAINST THE GOVERNMENT.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I now aslt the Senate to
proceed to the consideration of . the bill which has
been lying oil the table for several days,and which
I would like to have recommitted. It is a bill to
amend and extend the provisions • of an act ap-
proved July 29, 1846, entitled "An act in relation
to the payment of claims."
The PRESIDENT. The bill will b.e taken up
for a third reading, if such is the pleasure of the
Senate.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I feel very reluctant,
Mr. President, to throw myself upon the indul-
gence of the Senate at this late hour to ask for the
consideration of a subject which I really deem of
considerable importance. This bill proposes to
legislate upon the subject of claims a.ainst the
Government. It proposes to punish members of
Congress and officers of the Government for cer-
tain acts; but it allows citizens, who ore not mem-
bets of Congress nor officers of the Government,
to escape punishment for doing the same things.
1 do not feel exactly willing to be prescribing pun-
ishments for members of Congress and officers of
the Government, and permit everybody else to go
scot-free. While we are legislating upon this
subject, 1 desire to embrace the whole, and to pre-
scribe punishments for those agents out of doors
who, I think, by their conduct, are as much
amenable to the censure of moials, and should Be
as much tinder the condemnation of the law as
members of Congress and officers of the Govern-
ment. When you come to examine that bill,you
will find that there are no penalties to be inflicted
on citizens and agents such as are imposed on
members of Congress and officers of Government.
What is theobject of this bill? Itsupposes that
there are various improper practices existing in
reference to the claims against the Government;
that members of Congress prosecute claims for
themselves; that by their contracts they become
interested in claims, and then vote for bills to pay
them, and thus put money m their own pockets.
Sir, that imputation, made against members of
Congress by the bill itself, is one that I am very
much disposed to shudder under. I do not like it.
1 scarcely know how to express myself with re-
gard to it. But it is an imputation against mem-
bers of Congress, made by the bill itself, which
strikes everybody as a thing to be regretted But
while we make that imputation, I think that in
making provision for the punishment of the offense,
we should go to the whole extent and reach every-
thing which public rumor has alleged to be im-
proper.
Well, sir, to make imputations against the offi-
cers of the Government, and say that they act im-
properly in the executive stations which they hold,
is likewise a matter which should give.none of us
pleasure; and I am sure that" every right-minded
Senator would feel a disposition to lament that
