1338
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 12,
such-malpractices exist among our executive offi-
cers as to require penal statutes for the purpose of <
reaching and suppressing the evils. But evils, 1 :
fear, do exist, not confined to the officers of the 1
Government; not confined to members of- Con- [
gressr, but; I believe, existing in many cases far j
more' injurious than those intended to be sup- |
pressed by this bill. One of, them consists in this: ]
' There-are'tjioaewjio go through the country, hunt- !
ing.up claims against the Government, which are }
not'well-fomided; and, having'sought and found :
them," thfe-y set up and support the claims by sub- :
orna'tion and 'perjury. . Sir, I regret to say that, in >
ray own,State,_w.e have had cases of that sort, and i
that .we have prosecuted and- sent to the peniten-
tiary those who have been guilty of this very '
crime.., Claims may be fabricated and sustained ;
by.perjury, and the laws, perhaps, are now suffi- I
cient to punish the peijured witness. But claims |
may be just, in part; and, if speculating agents j
are allowed to purchase them, there is great tempt- t
ation operating upon them to enlarge the claim.
It i^ almost, or quite, impossible to. convict an
agent of subornation.- The only effectual remedy
is to prevent him from purchasing or prosecuting j
claims for an interest m the claim, and thus to re- ,
move temptations from before him. .
There is another class of e'vijs which this bill j
does not reach; and, if rum.or tells the truth, it is j
a crying'evil.. There is aclassof agents who pec-
ulate op those-who own just claims against the 1
Government, inducing claimants to believe that
they have influence with members of Congress, |
and then selling their pretended influence to claim- .
ants for a large price. They say to such persons: |
" if you do not pay me so much, I will exercise all
my influence with members of Congress to pre- j
vent them from passing your claim; but if you fee
me, 1 will secure its passage." In this way, 1 am j
told, there are persons in this city, who are re- i
warded bountifully for the exercise of their real or j
pretended influence with the members of Congress. i|
it is also said that these persons tell applicants for '
office, "We have much influence with the De- I
partments, and with members of Congress, and if 1
n Department should be reluctant to appoint you, I
we can bring in the aid of members of Congress
to second your application; and,for $500 or $1,000
can obtain a commission for you." Now, if these
things do take place—and rumor says tlmt they
do—and if there is a class of agents of that descrip-
tion located at the seat of Government, they
should be rendered as liable to prosecution as (hat
class of agents who are prowling all over the coun-
try, even to the very extremes of our empire,
hunting up and purchasing claims against the Gov-
ernment, supporting them by ex parte and false
testimony, and getting them passed here by trans-
ferring an interest to members of Congress.
What does this bill propose to do, even sup- i
posing that members of Congress, and the officers ■
of the Government, are guilty of the practices
which it is intended to punish? Wiiy, the pun- j
ishment is only some six monilis' imprisonment,
and a fine not exceecdmg $1,000. I ask Senators,
what kind of punishment a fine of $1,000 would
be, in a case where the claim was some $100,000 ;
or $900,000, and where the agent puts one half the i
receipts into his own pocket? It would not be as
a " drop in the bucket." What would he carefor i
§1,000, if he could secure, by the operation, a por-
tion of the public plunder, amounting to hundreds 1
of thousands of dollars > Nothing-at all. He would I
only laugh at you. Sir, if we do anything, I am
for making persons,in cases of that sort, disgorge
every dollar, and 1 think I can do it. I can pre- j
scribe a. mode of reaching him, which will make I
it certain that there will be a witness against him, J
and he shall know, when he takes the money, that i
theie is a witness who can expose him. And I ||
can furnish a motive to that witness to expose and J
take from him every dollar. Do that, and you !i
will remove temptations, and lessen the disposi- ;
tion which now exists to procure champerty and
main'cnance contracts. Do this, and the specula- I
ting agent, officer of Government, or member of
Congress will see, as soon as he has received the
money, that there is a witness who knows he has
received it contrary to law, and that the witness
can make him disgorge every dollar. Men are not
likely to offend in the face of certain exposure,
when profit is impossible. I think that, when you
legislate upon this subject, you should not stop at
a fine of $1,000, but go to the extent of the money
the offender receives, and make him pay back
every dollar ofit.
Sir, in the wisdom of our English ancestors I
have some authority for my opinions. l ean state
to you what were the old laws of England against
champerty and maintenance, and you will see
that these laws have a direct application to the
objects of this bill. I wish to adopt, in substance,
their provisions, as you will see when 1 read the
substitute which I propose in lieu of this bill.
By the statute of 20th ll'dward 1., champertors
were punished by imprisonment for a term of three
years. In this bill we only propose an imprison-
ment of six months. These contracts m regard
to claims, it is true, are not exactly what is called
champerty; it is not a division of the field; but it
is in principle the same thing as a division of the
field. Our English ancestois not only punished
champertors by inflicting an imprisonment for
three years, but, m addition thereto, fined them at
the pleasure of the Crown. 1 will refer you to a
subsequent statute. Your bill only proposes an
imprisonment for six months, and limits the fine
to $1,000, although the party thus prohibited from
the prosecution of claims may put a hundred
thousand dollars in his pocket by violating your
law. 1 therefore say that in the legislation of our
English ancestors th«re is an authority condemn-
ing your present legislation, and showing that you
do not go far enough. By the 32d Henry yiil.,
in order to punish inaintamers, the law required
them lo l-cfund the whole of the amountreceived—
one half to the use of the Crown anil the other half
to the use of the informer. This, Mr. President,
is a principle which I wish to apply in this case.
I desne that the individual who, by these forbid-
den and prohibited contracts, improperly obtains
^ large sums from the Government should be com-
j pelled to refund every dollar, precisely as the stat-
i ute ot Henry VUl. requned tiiat the maintainer
j should refund every dollar.
j Now, sir, I have suggested my objections and
shown that the bill does not, in my opinion, go so
| far as it ought to go. I will read what I have pie-
I pared as a substitute; and then, if the Senate
| should think it worthy of their consideration, I
| should be glad to have the original bill and the
; substitute referred to the Committee on Claims.
That committee can compare the bill as it now
stands with the substitute, and if the substitute is
too stringent, if it goes too far, if it punishes too
severely, then modify it, and mollify it; but, sir,
it does seem to me that the bill as it now stands,
does not take hold of' the evil in its full extent;
that the penalty of one thousand dollars is wholly
inadequate as a punishment to the individual who
may receive fifteen, or twenty, or alnmdred thou-
sand dollars by violating the law.
Again, there are one or two operations of this
bill which 1 conceive to be unjust, and 1 desire
to call the attention of the Senate to them. This
bill prohibits and makes void all contracts what-
ever, m relation to claims against the Govern-
ment until after they have been allowed, and the
wairant for their payment has issued. Now, I am
not disposed to indorse that. I think that if a
gentleman has an honest claim against the Gov-
ernment, he should, at least, be permitted to use
that claim, to mortgage it, or to pledge it as se-
curity for a bona flie debt, or, if he pleases, for
the pin pose of laisiiig money. I do not see any
objection to allow him to use what is justly due
to In >11, for purposes of that nature. That is not
the evil; the evil that we wish to leach is, to pre-
vent such contracts in relation to claims as will
induce the agent or attorney with whom the con-
tiact is made, to lesort to improper piactices for
the purpose of getting a claim allowed or passed.
That is the evil; and I cannot perceive how an
individual's mortgaging or hypothecating his |
claim for an honest debt, or to raise money which I
he may wish to use m some other way than m '
the prosecution of the claim, can amount to any
evil at all. I therefore think that the operation
ol the bill, ns it stands, is prejudicial to the rights
of contract, and should be modified. You merely
declare ail transfers void until the warrant for the
pa\ ment issues, and then you leave it m the oower '
of the agent to appeal to the honor of the claimant
to make the assignment or transfer, which he is -
certain to do, unless he is utterly mean and de- I
graded. And thus it is, your bill leaves the evil
to go unpunished, except in regard to officers of !
Government and members of Congress. Sir in I
regard to all past contracts, they should stand,
and agents should have the benefit of them; but,
in regard to the future, I am for turning over a
new leaf.
There is another provision of this bill, which I
think should not be sanctioned. It is this: it pun-
ishes officers of the Government connected with
Departments, who may aid or assist in the prose-
cution of claims, although they receive no reward
for so doing. In the other provisions of the bill,
the punishments are connected with the reception
I of rewards on the part of the individual who pros-
i ecutes improperly. Rut in regard to officers of the
j Government, a captain in the Army, or a clerk in
j a Department, for instance, if he assists an old
! father or mother, or brother, or sister, or friend,
j in the prosecution of a claim against the Govern-
j ment, though he does not receive a cent, or any
benefit whatever, he is liable to be indicted, and
j punished by imprisonment for six months, and a
j fine of $1,000, under the operation of this bill, as
I I understand it. Now that seems to me to be a
j degree of rigor, for the exercise of mere benevo-
i lence towards a friend or relation, which is exces-
sively severe. There is no evil, it seems to me,
likely to grow out of gratuitous service rendered
for a relative or friend. There is no motive to
induce an officer to suborn witnesses when he has
no interest at stake, or to act corruptly in any
: manner whatever. If an officer in the Departments
shou'd give information to claimants, which the
j books in their custody would furnish, 1 think it is
j all right and proper, provided they do so without
i fee. Indeed, I think-they should be compelled to
J give such information. I am against Government
• secrets, which cheat people out of their honest
i dues. And yet, if a clerk should communicate to
n claimant a fact which is verified by the records
; of his office, I do not know but he may subject
himself to fine and imprisonment under the provis-
ions of this bill, for aiding in the prosecution of
the claim.
\ I think these suggestions are worthy of consid-
* eration. To inflict punishment in Such cases as
; those I have just mentioned, would be an act of
unmitigated cruelty; and yet, if I understand this
bill correctly, it may be done.
J There is another thing to which I have repeat-
I edly called the attention of the Senate, and which
: I have provided for in my substitute, but which is
j not provided for in this bill. It seems to me to be
a fit occasion to introduce it, and I hope it may be
j done. I have again and again called the attention
of the Senate to the double payment of claims, for
the same service, to two different families, opera-
ting by two distinct sets of agents. The Treas-
ury has suffered largely ill that way. I have called
the attention of the Senate to a case happening in
my own family. An old revolutionary uncle of
my own, by the name of John Rogers, died short-
, ly after the war, and was entitled only t'o some
few years1 half pay, and his family received the
amount due for his services somp twenty years
ago. That family held his two commissions, the
; one of a captain and the other of a lieutenant, and
, they held his diploma as a member of the Society
| of the Cincinnati, and held and used the lands
| obtained as bounty for his revolutionary services.
! And a few years ago, another family came for-
ward, claiming to be the heirs of the same Captain
, John Rogers,and on that claim took some $10,000
11 or $20,000 out of the public Treasury. Now,
one of these families ought to disgorge. It is not
i right that both should be paid in consideration of
the same services of the same man. My hill pro-
; poses a remedy for cases of that sort. It is that
the payments made by the Executive Departments
shall not be considered final adjudications, con-
, eluding the rights of the United States, but that
j iu all cases like this such payments shall be open
j to judicial investigation; and it shall be the duty
1 of the proper officers of the Government to institute
' proceedings to recover the money thus impropeily
paid. 1 have mentioned this subject often, anil
! two resolutions have been sent to the Committee
on the Judiciary to request them to consider
whether it requires any legislation of this,sort, and
if it does, to apply the proper remedy, so that
where such double payments have been" made for
the same service the matter shall be rectified and
; the Government shall not be swindled.
' These are the reasons and motives which have
j led me to pay attention to this bill. I know it
t may be said that I have sat here, and negligently
