426
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 30,
reported this bill, is not in his seat; and if there
is any objection to the bill, I hope it will be passed
over until he shall be here. For myself, I know
of no objection to the bill.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. There is this objection
to it, in my mind: I believe that this Bastrop
Claim has recently been determined by the Su-
preme Court of the United States to be an invalid
claim, and good for nothing. It seems that a re-
cent act has been passed extending preemption
rights to the settlers on that claim. Hence, I
suppose, this gentleman is entitled to a preemption
right in common with other settlers. But he sets
up a claim from a man by the name of Ballanger,
who, he says, purchased from Bastrop, the ori-
ginal grantee. The fact is evident, and he alleges it
himself in his petition, that he intended to pur-
chase from Ballanger; but he never did acquire
any right or title whatever. It is, therefore, a
case of a donation of land, as much so as any
donation that has ever been presented to the con-
sideration of Congress. I therefore called for the
reading of the act of the 3d of March, 1851, re-
ferred to m the report, for the purpose of seeing
whether Congress had established the principle of
making donations to settlers on this claim for
twenty years' settlement. If that be the case, I
see no objection to placing this individual on the
same footing with others; although I might have
objected to such legislation originally. In regard
to all these matters, which I have condemned for
so many years here, I have gone upon the prin-
ciple, that when you establish a certain rule, all
persons should fare alike under it. Let all enjoy
the same benefits whose claims are alike. I called
for the reading of the act with that view. Until
we can look into the matter, I think no injury
can be sustaind by letting this bill lie over.
Mr. HALE. If there be any objection to
this bill after I shall state a single fact, 1 will not
interpose any objection to its being laid over. It
will be seen that the last clause of the bill is in
these words;
^Provided, That tin's act shall amount only to a relin-
quishment of title on the part of the United Status."
That is all it will do. I understand the Bastrop
Claim as matter of a disputed title, and that the
Supreme Court of the United States has decided
that the grant was void. Congress, in 1851, at the
last session, passed an act for the relief of the set-
tlers on the claim, by which it was provided, that
the title of the United States sfhould be relinquished
against all settlers who had been there over twenty
years. This gentleman has been there for twenty-
three years, not on land of the United States, but
on land granted by Basttop to a Mr. Ballanger,
who has never appeared to claim it. Hence he
lms a good title by prescription, as against Bal-
langer, or anybody else but the United States. It
has been decided that ins case does not come
within the purview of the act; but the United
Slates does not own the claim. All he asks is,
that the United States shall relinquish what claim
it has, if any, and leave him to contend with Bal-
langer and his heirs, if they ever should come.
You may postpone the bill for twenty years, but
you can never get the facts any plainer than they
are. These are the facts of the case. Now, if the
Senate wish it to lie over after this statement, I
shall interpose no objection.
Mr. DAWSON. Let it lie over.
The Secretary, in pursuance of the request of
Mr. Underwood, then read the following act:
An Act lor the settlement of* certain classes of private land
claims within the hunts of the Baion de 15<^trop Grant,
and for allowing preemption to ceifain actual .settlors, in
the event of the final adjudication of the title of the said
De Bastrop, in favor ol the Hinted States.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Const ess assem-
bled, That in the event of a final adjudication hv the conrt
m favor of the United States, on the " Baton de Bastrop'-
claim in Louisiana, under the act of Congress approved on
this T>... n I du  - 1 // A . . ' .
of north latitude, and between the Mississippi and Perdido
river>, 'the regiftei ami lecciver for the Ouachita land dia- i
ttnc, Louisiana, «hali give public notice ot the fact, in some 1
newspaper circulating in the vieimtvof the land, and within
twelve mouths from and after the date of the fir*t pubhea- '
tion ol >uch notice, it shall and may be lawful for any on- 1
gimil claimant* or the classes hereinafter mentioned in this i
section ot the present act, then heirs or legal repre*enta- !
tivus, to file with the uforc&aid regi^tei and icceivcr notices i
descriptive of their claims, and specifying their precise lo- |
calnie* and area, with the testimony in support of the same • |
First: All bona jlde claimants by purchase from I>e- 1
Bastrop, or those holdingunder him, wheie the land has
been occupied and cultivated for twenty years.
Second: All bona fide claimants of "head rights,3' for
not exceeding six hundred and forty acres, their heirs or
legal repie&entatives, where the original claimant came
over and settled the land under the contract between the
Spanish Government and De Bastrop, even though the land
was not actually sold or conveyed to such original claim-
ants by the said De Bastrop.
Third: Ail bona fide claimants for not exceeding six
hundred and forty acres, as actual settlers prior to the twen-
tieth" December, eighteen hundred and three, where they
have held such continued possession as to show that they
identified themselves with the ownership of the land.
Sec. And be it further enacted, That after the expi-
ration of the twelve months aforesaid, it shall be the duty
of the register and receiver, pursuant to such instructions as
may be given by the Commissioner of the General Land Of-
fice, to make a report with the notices, and all the testi-
mony, to the General Land Office, specifying all such cases
as in their opinion comc within the principles recognized
under the several heads mentioned m the foregoing section,
and which according to those principles ought to be con-
firmed, and such as m their opinion ought to be rejected.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That it shall be the
duty of the Commissionci of the General Land Office to
lay the report aforesaid before Congress for final action i
thereon; and all claims recommended for confirmation shall
be leserved from sale until the final action of Congress on
the report afoiesaid, and all claims reported as rejected
shall be treated as other public lands.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the claims num-
bered forty, forty-four, forty-five, forty-six, forfy-seven,
forty-eight, and tifty-one, favorably reported on by Daniel j
J. Sutton, as register for the district north of Red river, j
Louisiana, and entered in the first class of his report, dated ,
first of January, eighteen hundred and twenty-one, but on I
account of being within the limits of the Bastrop Grant,
have been excluded from the confirmatory provisions of
the second section of the act of Congtess approved Febru-
ary twenty-eight, eighteen hundred and twenty-three, en-
titled "An act supplementary to the several acts for the ad-
justment of land chums m the State of Lousiana," be and
the same shall be held confirmed, in the event of the final
adjudication of the Bastrop claim in favor of the United
States as afoiesaid: Provided, That this confirmation shall
only operate as a lelinqu^hment of title on the part of the
United States, and shall in no way prejudice or affect any
t-ale, or other right existing at the time when the survey
shall be executed, ot the claims hereby conditionally con-
firmed ; and in the event of the final adjudication of the
Bastrop Grant as aforesaid, and upon the letum of approved
plats of survey for the claims specified in this section, re-
linquishment patents *hall be issued a* in other ta^cs.
Syr. 5. And bcitfurther enacted, That m the event of a
final adjudication, in f'avoi of the United States, ot the Bas-
tiop Claim, as contemplated by the firM section of this act,
every bona fitle scaler, on any paitof said land, at the tune
of the extension of the public surveys ovei the same, who
is a man of family, widow, or single man over twenty-one
yeai.s of age, and an actual housekeeper thereon, and Who,
but for the icservation heretofore made of said land for the
claim ot the said Bastrop, would have been entitled to a
right of preemption under some one of the preemption laws,
be, and lie is hereby authorized to enter the quaiter section
so resided on, or by adjoining legal subdivisions, so as to
include his residence and land cultivated or improved,
any number of acres not to exceed one hundred and sixty
acres, upon making proof of such settlement, housekeep-
ing, &,c., to the satisfaction of the register and receiver, as
in ordinary cases, at any time within a year after the public
surveys are so extended over said land.
Approved Murc/i 3d, 1851.
Mr. SOULE. The Senate will perceive, from
the act which has just been read, that very few
cases are plainer than the one now presented to
our consideration. I myself am not willing, nor,
indeed, am I ready now, to express any opinion
as to the rights the claimant may hold under the
laws of Louisiana, considering him as holding
adversely to those who may claim under Ballan-
ger. 1 do not wish, therefore, to intimate what
my opinion may be on that question But cer-
tainly the Senate will not insist upon acting on
this case in the absence of the Senator who has
presented it, and who is familiar with its merits,
and who could explain any difficulty which any
Senator might perceive in the way. I will, there-
fore, make a call upon the generosity and good
feeling of the Senate to let the matter lie over,
until my colleague shall be able to attend.
Several Senators. Certainly.
Mr. BADGER. The honorable Senator from
Louisiana misunderstands entirely the purpose of \
those of us who desire that this matter shall not |
he laid over. We consider this a plain case. We I
want to pass the bill. The reading of the report !
of the committee, and the reading of the act of
Congress, passed March 3, 1851, shrtws conclu- I
sively that Congress intended to provide for a class
of cases precisely like the one now presented to ,!
our consideration. It is only by a technical diffi-
culty that this person is precluded from the bene- I
fits of the act. And why should we not at once I
pass the bill, and release to him the title of the
United States, if it has any > j
Mr. SOULE. If that be the intention of the Sen- i
ate I shall interpose no objection. On the con- j
trary, I shall be quite willing to pass the bill now. I
Mr. UNDERWOOD. If it be the will of the
Senate to act on the bill now, I wish to state a few
objections to it.
Mr. BADGER. Let it lie over, then.
Mr. SOULE. Then I will move to postpone
the further consideration of the bill until to-mor-
row.
The motion was agreed to.
GEORGE POINDEXTER.
A bill for the relief of George Poindexter, re-
ported by the Committee on Military Affairs, was
then taken up and read a second time, and con-
sidered by the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Is there a report accom-
panying that bill? If there is, I would like to
hear it read.
The PRESIDENT. There is a report which
was made some years past, but no report has been
made this session. Does the Senator from Penn-
sylvania wish that report to be read ?
Mr. DAWSON. If the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania will allow me, I will state, that this bill has
been reported upon year after year, and the De-
partment has recommended the payment of the
claim. The only difference that arose between the
claimant and the Department is, that he wanted
certain words employed to which the Department
would not consent.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I am satisfied, and with-
draw the objection.
The bill was then reported to the Senate with-
out amendment, and was ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading.
WILLIAM MILLER.
The Senate next proceeded to consider a bill for
the relief of William Miller.
This was a bill reported from the Committee on
Pensions, and provided that the Secretary of the
Interior be directed to place the name of William
Miller, of the State of Maine, on the roll of invalid
pensioners for life at $8 per month, commencing
on the 1st of January, 1852.
The bill having been read a second time, was
considered by the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole. There being no amendment, it was re-
ported back to the Senate, and ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading.
EZRA WILLIAMS.
A bill for the relief of Ezra Williams was read
a second time, and considered by the Senate as in
Committee of the Whole. The bill provided that
the Secretary of the Treasury be directed to pay
to said Ezra WMliams the sum of |500, in full for
his services in preparing an alphabetical index,
under the direction of Richard M. Young, Com-
missioner of the Land Office.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and was ordered to be engrossed for
a tmrd reading.
yf IRA DAY INTEREST ON CLAIMS.
The bill for the relief of Ira Day, of Vermont,
was read a second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It provides that the Post-
master General he authorized and required to pay
to Ira Day, of Vermont, $1,008 90, together with
the interest thereon from the 1st of July, 1837,
out of the funds of the Post Office Department, in
full for the balance due to him for transporting the
mail from Royalton to Burlington, in the aforesaid
State, from January, 1833, to July, 1837.
Mr. HUNTER. I perceive, Mr. President,
that there is an allowance for interest provided for
in that bill. This is altogether unusual, and T
move to amend the bill by striking out the words
" together with the interest thereon from the 1st
day of July, 1837."
Mr. UPHAM. I hope the Senator from Vir-
ginia will hear the report read before he makes
that motion. If he will attend to the report, he
will see the ground on which this interest is recom-
mended to be paid.
Mr. HUNTER. I am quite willing to hear
the report read.
The Secretary read the report, from which it
appeared that two bills had heretofore been re-
ported for the relief of the petitioner—one in 1839
and the other in 1840—and that the facts of the
case were set forth in a report to the Senate during
the third session of the twenty-fifth Congress
From that report it appeared that James Barker
and others were contractors for transporting a
