1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
427
daily mail for four years, from Boston (Mass.) to
Royalton, Montpelier, and Burlington, for the sum
of §12,250 per annum, commencing on the 1st of
January, 1833, and ending in January, 1837. In
the month of October, 1834, the Postmaster Gen-
eral ordered the mail to be discontinued one day
in a week on that part of the route between Roy-
alton and Burlington, winch part of the route was
assigned by the contractors to the petitioner. Un-
der this order of the Postmaster General, the
mail from Boston arrived at Royalton on Saturday
evening, and remained over until the Monday
morning following. That the inconvenience to
the public in consequence of this order was such
that the postmasters on the route, and other citi-
zens, solicited and urged the petitioner to continue
the transportation of the mail daily, notwith-
standing the said order of the Postmaster General.
The petitioner did so, and thus the line was un-
broken, and the mail was transported regularly
from Boston to the capital of Vermont, and thence
to Burlington, and vice versa, every day in the
week. The petitioner, therefore, claimed this sum
of §1,008 90, being the sum withheld from him by
the Postmaster General on account of the order
already mentioned.
The committee further reported, that if this order
had been carried out, it would have occasioned
great inconvenience to the public; that it would
have delayed the mail thirty-six hours in one of
the most important and productive routes in that
section of the country; that the order, though
temporary on its face, was doubtless signed as a
means of affording temporary relief to the Depart-
ment, which was then m an embarrassed condition;
and that the service having been thus rendered at
the request of the postmasters and other citizens
upon the route, and having contributed greatly to
the convenience of the public, the petitioner should
in justice and equity be paid for it.
It furthei appeared that the mail was carried by
the petitioner at the request of the Postmaster
General, after the contract had expired, namely:
from the 1st of January, 1837, to the 1st of July,
in the same year; and that the same rate of de-
duction (one seventh) was retained by the Post-
master General, and was included in the amount
claimed.
The committee further reported, that they had
not been able to find any power vested in the Post-
master General, authorizing him to make such an
order, and that the only clause in the contract au-
thorizing the Postmaster General in any way to
interfere with it was one which provided, that if
the route, or any part of the route, therein men-
tioned, should be discontinued by act of Congress,
or should, in the opinion of the Postmoster Gen-
erel, become useless, or if a line of stages or steam-
boats should be established on the whole or any
part of it, where the mail was not so carried under
the contract, then the contiact itself, or such part
of it, should cease to be binding on the Postmaster
General, by giving notice of such event to the party
contracting, and making allowance of one month's
extra pay. Under this clause the committee were
of opinion that the Postmaster General had no
power to discontinue the mail one day in the week.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator from Vermont
[Mr. Upham] desired that I would wait for the
reading of the report before I pressed my amend-
ment.' Well, sir, I have heard it read, and upon
hearing it I am not convinced that the principal is
due, much less the interest. It seems that this
contractor insisted on discharging this service, al-
though the Postmaster General had expressly
desired that it should be discontinued. Now, sir,
by the report read, in which there is furnished a
clause of the contract, it appears that the Post-
master General had a right to discontinue the con-
tract for the whole route, and for the whole time,
if he thought proper; and ceitainiy if he had a
right to discontinue it for the whole, he had a
richt to discontinue it for a part; and if this did
not meet the views of the contractor he might have
thrown his contract up. He only continued, in
despite of the order of the Postmaster General,
to discharge such services as he thought would,
be advantageous to those on the route. Now, if
this is to be allowed and sustained by Congress
in this case, others will do the same. Instead,
therefore, of paying the principal and inteiest, I
think that this claimant is not entitled to either.
Besides, sir, I do not see why; we snould pay
interest in this case, when we uniformly refuse to
pay it in all others. We had a case here a very
short time ago of a similar kind, it seems to me, in
which the Senate refused to pay interest, although
they did pay the principal, i see, therefore, no
reason why the interest should be paid here.
Mr. UPHAM. I understand the Senator from
Virginia to say that he doubts the equity of this
claim on its merits, or in other words, that he
would not pay either principal or interest, because
the claimant continued the service, notwithstand-
ing the order of the Postmaster General discon-
tinuing it. This claim came before us at the lust
session of Congress, as we have seen by the report
referred to. At that time I had not looked into
the contract to see what powers were vested in
the Postmaster General, or in other words, I had
not looked into the terms or the form of the con-
tract. Since that time, however, I have examined
this matter, and I find that the Postmaster Gen-
eral expressly reserves to himself the right to alter
the contract and reduce the pay for set vices to be
performed on a route under certain circumstances.
I then went back to the year 1833, when this par-
ticular contract was made, and I find no such
clause in regard to it, nor any such power reserved
as is now reserved. The only clause in the con-
tract under which the Postmaster General claims
to exercise this power, is in the following words: j
"It is mutually understood by the contracting parties, I
that if the route, or any pait of the loute herein mentioned 1
shall be (lit-coiitmuud by act of Congress, or, in the opinion j
of the Postmaster (leneral, becomes useless ; or if a line of 1
stages or steamboats shall be established on the whole oi I
any part of it, where the mail Is? not &o carried under this |
contiact, then this contiact, or such pait of it, Khali ceaso !
to be binding on the Postmaster Geneial, be giving nopcc ,
of such event, and making allowance oi one month's extra j
pay."
Now, under this clause it appears that the
power of the Postmaster General is derived alto-
gether fiom the contract itself. What, then, had
the Postmaster General a right to do under this
contract? In the first place, let me remark that
the mail route is one thing, and that the contract
is another. This contract provides that if any
portion of the mail route shall be discontinued by
Congress, cr if, in the opinion of the Postmaster
General, such route, or any part of it, may be-
come useless, he may discontinue the whole or a
part, as the case may be, by giving notice there-
of, and by making an allowance of one month's
extra pay. But, sir, there is no clause in this
contract authorizing the Postmaster General to
reduce the service to be performed on a route. If
he has contracted for too much service, that is his
misfortune; but he certainly has no right to cur-
tail, or reduce it, so long as the route over which
he contracted to transport the mail continues to be
a mail route. If it should cease to be a mail route
m consequence of the provisions of any act of
Congress, or if he himself should discontinue it
as a mail route, on the ground that it has become
useless, then the contract, so far as it relates to
that portion of the mail route which has been dis-
continued, shall not be binding on the Postmaster
General. All that he could do under this contract
is to put an end to it, if Congress should repeal the
law making it a mail route, or if, by reason of
other circumstances, it should become useless as
a mail route. What, then, is a mail route? I
understand it to be a road or way. Congress ;
makes a road a mail route by special act. The
Postmaster General contracts for the services to
be performed on that route, and under the old form
of contract, he could not reduce the service from a
daily mail to a semi-weekly, or tri-weekly, or
weekly mail; but under the new form of contracts
entered into, there is a clause authorizing him to
alter the schedule; and if, in his opinion, the ser-
vice contracted to be performed is not required, he
may cuitail, or reduce, or terminate that service.
Now, if under the old form of contract the Post-
master General had such authority, why afterwards
strike out that old clause, and substitute a new
one? It is clear to my mind, and the committee ;
were unanimous in their opinion, that under this ,
form of contract entered into in the year 1833, ,
the Postmaster General could not reduce a daily ,
mail to a tri-weekly, or semi-weekly mail; or, ;
in other words, he could not strike out one trip, ,
or two trips, or three trips. This was illustra- j
ted here the other day in the case of Dwinell, of
Maine. The Senate passed an act to give him
3,13,000. He contracted to run a daily mail on a
certain route in Maine. Now, although this was
a profitable route in the summer, it was found t©
be unprofitable in winter, in consequence of ob-
structions on the route. What did the Postmaster
General do in this case? Did he reduce the ser-
vice? No; he applied to the contractor and in-
duced him to consent to diminish his number of
trips to three in the week, with a promise to pay
him a sufficient compensation. In this case we
passed a bill the other day giving $13,000, without
interest, for the damage he sustained. That bill
was passed by striking out the interest. But if the
committee are correct in the legal view they have
taken of this question, there is no doubt about the
interest. If, at the end of the contract, the Post-
master General retained one seventh of the money
then due, and refused to pay it over, that party is
as much entitled to intei est as the State of INew
Hampshire was on money advanced to carry on the
Indian Stream war. We have passed a bill this
session to pay interest in this New Hampshire case,
and we hove also passed a similar bill in the case
of Georgia. Now, here is a bill to pay money
belonging to the petitioner, which is retained in
the hands of the Postmaster General; and I call on
Senators to show me the authority of the Post-
master General to reduce the amount of the service
contracted to be performed on this mail route. It
has never been discontinued as a mail route. It is
still a great thoroughfare from Boston, by way of
Royalton, Montpelier, and Burlington, to Mon-
treal, and therefore it never can be discontinued.
The report shows that it is still a mail route; and
the principle contended for is, that while it was a
mail route, and was not discontinued by the Post-
master General, he could not interfere with the
amount of service which he contracted to have
performed on that route. That is the legal view
of the case. But at the last session of Congress,
upon the equitable view of the case, that he had
expended this money and had furnished carriages,
horses and harness, and drivers, to run this great
mail every day in the week, it was thought right
that this money should be paid. This order was
regarded as a temporary measure only during the
embarrassed condition of the Post Office Depart-
ment. And the Department being relieved, and
being now able to pay, the Senate, at the last Con-
gress, passed a bill on principles of equity and jus-
tice. But taking the other view of the subject,
about which there is no doubt, I do not believe
that there is a legal man in the Senate who will
sav that the Postmaster General had any right to
reduce the service.
Mr. MALLORY. From the report made by
the committee, it can hardly be doubted by the
Senate that the principal is justly due, and has
been unjustly denied, and the objection is to the
interest only. And now, when an opportunity is
thus offered, I would like to hear Senators set
forth some good and sufficient reason why, if
Government pays its just debts, it should not also
pay damages', and be just and equal with all indi-
viduals. This refusal* to pay interest upon thejust
debts of the Government, afterhaving been refused
to claimants for twenty or thirty years, has grown
up by what? Not by any act of Congress, but
simply by the construction of the cleiks in the
Departments. It is a simple rule of the Depart-
ment, originating in the fear that if interest were
allowed the Treasury would be exhausted. Now,
whether it would or would not, has nothing to do
with this question. The only question is, What
does justice require of us ? That is the only ques-
tion which would be demanded by a court and
jury. But Government has frequently gone be-
hind this precedent of refusing interest, and has
paid interest. I could refer to some fifty cases in
which it has been done, thus setting aside the de-
cisions of the Departments. I feel an interest in
this question of interest on claims, and should
like to hear those who say that this Government
is not bound to pay interest show some good rea-
son why. The philosophy of the objection is
this: that the Government is always presumed to
be ready to pay its debts. But this is a fiction of
the imagination. You go to a Department, and
you ask for payment of a claim, and you do-a ot
get it. Your acts of Congress prove the time
when the debt was due, and that is the time from
which interest should commence and from which
it should be paid. Now, the theory failing, the
practice should be set aside, and the Government
should act with the same justice and equity which
would be expected from individuals.
