1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2303
The report was read, from which it appears
that Maria Taylor claims that she is the owner of
two tracts of land—one containing eleven and a
half arpents front, and forty in depth, and the
other containing twelve arpents front, and forty in
depth—situated on the left bank of the Mississippi
river, in the parish of Ascension, in the State of I
Louisiana, embracing an area of five hundred
acres; that she derived her title to them from the
original proprietor, but a confirmation of her title
thereto could not be obtained in consequence of
its being; included within the limits of the survey
of the Lfuma grant, made by one of the claimants
under that grant; that, in order to remove this
objection, Cornelius de Armas, under whom she
claimed, on the 26th of December, 1816, purchased
from General Wade Hampton, who had acquired
the Huma grant by purchase, all his right and
title to those tracts.
The committee being satisfied that the facts, as
stated by the petitioner, were true, reported the
bill for her relief.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and oideied to be engrossed for a
third reading.
SANTIAGO E. ARGUELLO.
The Senate next proceeded, as in Committee of
the Whole, to consider the bill for the relief of i
Santiago E. Arguello. It proposes to direct the
Secretary of the Treasury to pay to Santiago E.
Arguello, late a captain in the California battal-
ion, the sum of $11,548, for losses of property
sustained by him during the period of such ser-
vices, and in consequence thereof.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
BILLS PASSED OVER.
As intimations were given that the following
bills would be debated, they were passed over:
The bill for the relief of Robert T. Norris;
The bill for the relief of Lewis H. Bates and
William Lacon;
The bill for the relief of Richard Mackall;
The bill for the relief of Bancroft Woodcock;
The bill for the relief of Cyrus H. McCormick;
The bill for the relief of the captors of the fug-
ate Philadelphia; arid
The bill for the relief of Colonel William Gray-
son.
MILLER, THOMPSON, AND TURLEY.
The Senate resumed, as in Committee of the
Whole, the consideration of the bill for the relief
of Henry C. Miller, Philip W. Thompson, and
Jesse B. Turley. It proposes to require the Su-
perintendent of Indian affairs at St. Louis to
inquire into the quantity and value of oxen and
other property taken from Miller, Thompson, &
Turley by the Osages or other Indians in June,
1847, while traveling from the State of Missouri
to Santa Fc, and that if the property was taken
by Osages or other Indians receiving annuities
from the United States, to retain its value from
their annuities, and if the depredations were com-
mitted by Indians not receiving annuities, the
Superintendent of Indian Affairs shall report his
proceedings, together with all the evidence in the
case, to the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, to-
gether with his opinion of the value of the prop-
erty lost, in older that it may be paid out of the
Treasury of the United States; and that m the
examination of these matters the Superintendent
shall proceed according to the provisions of the
act 44 to regulate trade and intercourse with the
Indian tribes, and to preserve peace on the fron-
tiers," approved .Tune 30th, 3834.
Mr. WALKER. I move the following amend- i|
ment, as a proviso to the first section: j
Provided, That before any heaiinsj of said proofs, due |
notice shall he given to the chiefs ot' the >aul Indians ot the |
time, place, and object of Mich proceedings. !j
Mr ATCHISON. That is right. The inter- !
course law provides for it, but I have no objection
to inserting it in the bill.
The amendment was agreed to, the bill was re-
ported to the Senate as amended, the amendment
was concurred in, and the bill was ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading.
ADAMS'S PRINTING PRESS,
The bill for the relief of Isaac Adams was read
a second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole. It provides that the letters-patent
gianted to him on the 14th of October, 1830, for
new and useful improvements in the printing ma-
chine culled the Power Printing-Press," and the
letters-patent granted to him on March 2d, 1836,
for additional improvements in the power printing-
press be renewed, revived, and extended for a
term oonimenciug from the date of the passage of
the act, and ending March 2d, 1860. It proceeds
to make other provisions m conformity with this
object, and provides that the persons at present
enjoying the lawful use of the patent, and all pur-
chasers of any machine lawfully used or con-
structed may continue to use the same as if the
act had not been passed.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
GEORGE DENNETT.
The bill for the relief of George Dennett, of
Portsmouth, New Hampshire, was considered as
in Committee of the Whole. It proposes to direct
the Secretary of the Treasury to pay him the sum
of $75 in full for services performed m bringing up
arrearages of business in the naval office at Ports-
mouth for a time when there was no navalolfieer.
Mr. BAYARD. I object to the principle of
that bill, ft would take up very lmie time to dis-
cuss it, but I suppose under the rule, as I wish to
discuss it, it must be passed over.
The PRESIDENT. It will be passed over.
HEIRS OF JAMES BULL.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill for the relief of the heirs of James Bell, de-
ceased, which provides that the proviso of the act
approved June 30, 1834, " for the relief of the
heirs of James Bell," so far as it pievents the
payment to the heirs or legal repiesentatives of
the full amount found due, be repealed.
Mr. BAYARD. This bill will necessarily lead
to discussion. It involves the allowance of in-
terest from 1776 to 1834; and whenever the cast?
comes up, I intend to discuss the geneial prin-
C'PThe PRESIDENT. The bill will be passed
over.
JOHN MOORE WHITE.
The Senate resumed, as in Committee of the
Whole, the consideration of the bill for the relief
of John Moore White, it proposes to direct the
Secretary of the Tieasury to pay to him, as the
son and sole heir of Major John White, a major
in the war of the Revolution, who was slain at
the battle of G-ermantown, the seven years'half
pay to which Major White would have been en-
titled by the lesolve of Congiess of the 24th of
August, 1780, if he had not died and no payment
hud been made thereon,
Mr. BAYARD. I ask for the reading of the
report. My impression is that the bill involves
the question of interest.
The report of the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims was accordingly read, from which it ap-
pears that John Moore White is the only surviv-
ing child of Major John White, who was slain on
the 4th of October, 3777, when acting as one of
the aids of Major Geneial Sullivan, at the battle
of Germuntown, while attempting to set flie to
Chew's house, with a view of dislodging the Brit-
ish. The commitree refer to a letter of General
Washington, to be found in Spaiks's edition of
his letters, to General Wilkinson's Memoirs, to
Watson's Annals of Philadelphia, to the testi-
mony of Judges Ephraim Miller, and W. B.
Ewmg, of JN e\v Jersey, to prove that John Moore
White was generally known and reputed to be the
only .surviving son of Major John White of the
Revolutionaiy Army.
Mr. MILLER. The only objection to this bill,
as I understand, is with regard to the granting of
interest. To relieve the Senate of that difficulty,
I move to amend it so as to give interest merely
from the time of the application, on the 28th of
July, 1846.
Mr. BAYARD. I shall not discuss the bill if
the interest be stricken out. 1 am not sufficiently
acquainted with the merits of the case to say that
some relief ought not to be granted. I am will-
ing to take it, so far as that goes, on the recom-
mendation of the committee; but with my views
of the question of interest, it does not make any
difference whether it shall run from the date of the
application or not. I move to strike out the
allowance of interest altogether.
The PRESIDENT. The proposition of the
Senator from New Jersey is first in order.
Mr. MILLER. This applicant is an old man,
eighty-five years of age, and is blind. So anxious
' am I to have his hill passed that 1 waive the ques-
tion of interest, and withdraw my proposition to
amend.
Mr. BAYARD. Then I move to amend the
bill by striking out the following words:
" Together with such interest as would now be due if a
certificate for said seven > ears'half-pay had been issued
according to the principle of the funding act, and no pay-
ment made on it."
Mr. WALKER. I merely wish to say, that
I accede to this amendment now, because the Sen-
ator from New Jersey, who is the representative
of the party interested, consents to it; but I think
that both he and the Senator from Delaware are
mistaken about this case. This is one of those
cases that does not involve such questions as the
Senator from Delaware has raised. I meiely say
this to inform the Senator fiom New Jersey that
he is conceding a principle.
The amendment was agreed to, the bill was re-
ported to the Senate as amended, the amendment
was concurred in, and the bill was ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading.
WILLIAM JONES,
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill for the relief of
the legal representatives of William Jones, ft
proposes to direct the Secretary of the Treasury
to cause to be paid to the legal representatives of
William Jones, late of Massachusetts, the amount
which he would have been entitled to receive under
the pension act of 1818, if his name had been con-
tinued upon the pension-roll till the 27th of June,
1829, the day of his death.
The bill was repoited to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading.
THE AMISTAD CASE.
The PRESI DENT announced that the next bill
on the Calendar was one to indemnify the master
and owners of the Spanish schooner Anustad.
Mr. SUMNER intimating a desire to discuss
the bill, it was passed over.
THE FRIGATE MISSOURI.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill for the relief of
the petty officers and seamen of the late United
States frigate Missouri. It proposes to direct the
proper accounting officers to pay to each of the
petty officers, seamen, marines, and others com-
posing the crew of the frigate Missouri at the time
it was burnt in the haibor of Gibialtarin 1843,
the sum of $75, m consideration of the loss of
clothing, and other personal effects, sustained by
them in consequence of their exert ions in endeavor-
ing to sa\e the property of the United States.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
BENJAMIN WOOERS.
The next bill upon the Calendar was one for the
relief of the heirs of Benjamin Mooers, deceased,
providing: for the payment to him, as a lieutenant
m the revolutionary war, of $1,400, with interest
thereon, at the rate of six per cent, per annum,
from March 1st, 1784, to March 1st, 18o2.
Mr. UPHAM. The principle involved in that
bill is of very great importance, and I think it
ought to be looked into and discussed.
The bill was passed over.
MATTHEWS, WOOD, AND HALL.
The next bill in order was that from the House
of Representatives, for the relief of Charles S.
Matthews, Charles Wood, and James Hall, which
proposes to direct the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay to them, or to any other person or persons
by them authorized to receive the same, the sum
of $12,119 47, in full satisfaction of all claims
upon the United States for damages sustained,
growing out of theii contract to furnish marble for
the basement of the custom-house in New York.
The Committee on Claims reported an amend-
ment to the bill, to strike out the words " or to
any other person or persons duly authorized by
them to receive the sime. "
Mr. RRODREAD. I feel it to be my duty to
discuss that bill.
The PRESIDENT, It will be passed over.
