1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
I&ll
Fitch,]'! would make a single suggestion, and it
is this: we have had a measure (the homestead
bill) pending before the House for some time, and
it seems to have been in the way of other busi-
ness. Now, if we go into Committee of the
"Whole on the state of the Union to-day we can
dispose of that bill and get it o.ut of the way. I
understand from the members of the Committee
on Printing that they have no objection to th,e
postponement of this matter; and I would suggest, j
-therefore, that we should go into committee, and
finish the homestead bill.. The gentleman from
Indiana will still be entitled to the floor when this
matter comes up again.
Mr. GORMAN. With the permission of my
colleague, I will move to postpone this matter
until Monday next. _ ■
Mr. CLINGrMAN. The territorial business is
the special order for the whole of next week.
.Mr.- STANTON, of Kentucky. I desire to
know what is the condition of the report I made
a few minutes ago?' 1 understood the Chair to
say'that I had a right to make the report.
. The -SPEAKER. Then the gentleman from
Kentucky cannot have heard the decision of the
Chair on the point of order raised by the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Olds.] The Chair decided
that notwithstanding the Committee on Printing
havea right to report at any time, they have no
-right to make reports, the consideration of which
will come m conflict, and that', in the opinion of
the Chair, one report from that committee being
the first business in order, it must be disposed of
before the committee can make another report.
In other words, the Chair decides that the first
report from the committee being the first business
in order, it must be disposed of before another re-
^port can be thrust on the consideration of the
'House. Otherwise, where would be the place of
thesecond report, unless, by unanimous consent,
it was received, and its consideration postponed to
gome'future day? It could not take precedence of
the report now before the House.
Mr.- FITCH. I would yield with 7.great pleas-
ure to the" gentlemen who desire the postponement
of this matter, but it is manifest that if postponed
now, it cannot be taken up again for a long time,
as there is a special order which will occupy a great
part of-next week, if not the entire week. It is
as important to dispose of this printing question as
it is of the homestead bill, which the gentleman
desires to take up, for they are both alike in the
way of all other business. I therefore prefer the
discussion of the former should be had now, par-
ticularly as it is a special order for to-day, and the
sooner it is disposed of the better for all parties.
The wide range taken in the previous debate
upon this subject has necessarily associated with
its.further consideration questions which were not
originally connected with it. But I desire to travel
as little beyond the immediate issues before us
as an answer to the previous defense of the action
of the committee will admit—such answer as that
defense seems to require.
My friend and colleague, [Mr. Gorman,] the
chairman of the Committee on Printing, during
his closing remarks upon the previous report of
the committee, reiterated a charge which had been
before made, and before denied, that a coalition
existed here, having* for its object the defeat of the
action of that committee—a coalition composed of
gentlemen, mostly Democrats, entertaining oppo-
site sectional sentiments. Now, as I have before
said, I do not belong to either of the extremes,
(Fre'e-Soiiers and ultra State-Rights men,) be-
tween which the coalition is alleged to exist; but
having acted "with those who have opposed the
action of the committee, I may .be supposed to
knowsometh'ing of their motives and views. lean,
therefore, say, as I have said before, that no such
- coalition exists outside of the imaginations of those
who make the charge. And even if it did exist,
it would be powerless here; at least it would not
constitute a majority, as was clearly proved but a
few weeks since by the votes upon the compro-
mise resolutions. The two extremes, between
whom a coalition is now alleged to exist, opposed
those resolutions; but, notwithstanding their op-
position, the resolutions passed; and thus it would
be-now, if such coalition existed—it would be
.powerless in opposition to the action of the Print-
ing "Committee. It has been only by. the votes
of many of the National Democracy that the
proposed action pf the committee—the .consum-
mation of their intentions—has been hitherto
prevented. The only coalition that can even be
suspected to exist, is one -which might be inferred
from circumstances to exist between the members
of the committee, of opposite politics, and those
who sustain their action m the House. I do not
allege that there is such a coalition; b.utif circum-
stantial evidence is to be received in proof of its
existence, the proof will be found to be so strong as
to justify any jury of intelligent men in hesitating
long before relieving the parties concerned of the
charge by a verdict of " not guilty."
Now, sir, I desire to revert for a few moments
to the first report from the committee, and to a
resolution adopted by the Joint Committee on
Printing, which accompanied that report, and to
call the attention of the House to a few facts-con-
nected with both. That resolution was irregular,
becausc it was reported from a joint committee of
Congress, by a majority not recognized by the
rules which ordinarily govern the proceedings of
joint committees. It is well known that the ma-
jority necessary to enable a joint committee to re-
port must consist of a majority of the committee
from each body—the House portion and the Sen-
ate portion respectively. But in this instance,
there never was a majority of the Senate commit-
tee. It was only a numerical majority of the joint
committee tliat adopted that resolution.
Again: that resolution was irregular, because it
was not the resolution which the committee di-
rected to be reported; it was another, as the records
of the committee will show, and as the then chair-
man of the Senate portion of the committee [Mr.
Borland] has declared.
During the discussion upon that report, it was
charged that opposition to the action of the com-
mittee, was opposition to Donelson & Armstrong,
and the chairman of the House portion of the
committee [Mr. Gorman] proceeded to defend
those gentlemen before they were assailed, and to
defend them against members who had no thought
of assailing them—against members who were in
fact, better friends of Donelson & Armstrong, and
of the Democratic party, than were the Democratic
members of the committee themselves, because he
was defending them against members who would
have saved those gentlemen and the Democratic
party from the odium of a partnership with a lead-
ing political paper of the opposite party—a part-
nership, not for the dissemination of political prin-
ciples, but for a division of profits—of money from
the National Treasury; and would have saved
them from the charge of corruption, which such a
partnership would inevitably originate.
[Here a message was received from the Senate
of the United States by the hands of Asbury
Dickins, Esq., its Secretary.]
Mr. POLK. Will the gentleman from Indiana
allow me to make a statement at this point in his
remarks ?
Mr. FITCH. Certainly.
Mr. POLK. It might be inferred from the re-
marks of the gentleman that Donelson & Arm-
strong consented to the arrangement of the com-
mittee.
Mr. FITCH. I have not so asserted, but such
is the belief. I trust it is erroneous.
Mr. POLK. Messrs. Donelson & Armstrong
never consented to the combination of the two
presses to which the gentleman has referred. They
never consented to the action of the committee on
that subject.
Mr. FITCH. I am happy to hear it; exceed-
ingly so. I was about to say, when interrupted,
that the committee made no defense of the other
i parties to whom they proposed to give a portion
1 (half) of the printing—Gideon & Co., of the Re-
public—other than the general statement of the
chairman, that the Republic was in favor of the
finality of the compromise. Yet, the committee
knew that much, very much of the opposition to
their action originated from their proposition to
give one half of the printing to that paper. Sir,
that paper has abounded in unmeasured and un-
warranted misrepresentations of the Democratic
party, its men and its principles. Yet we find a
Democratic committee of a Democratic Congiess
proposing to place at its disposal, out of the pub-
lic Treasury, the means of multiplying its misrep-
resentations, and propagating them more exten-
sively throughout the country, that they may be
more effective! Why did not the committee de-
fend Gideon & Co., and the Republic? The mem-
bers of the committee' might then have had the
pleasure,, or the mortification—whichever they' .
esteemed it—of seeing pamphlet -copies of their ,
speeches issuing from the office of that paper em-
bellished, mayhapi with a wood-cut of a cooh*
significant of the office from which it was issued, '
and typical of the principles of the paper which it
defended. 1 - . - " ^ s -
The same exceptions which I take,"and which
most Democrats would be disposed to take,Jto the
matter of the political editorials of the Republic, thafc
paper and the Whig party generally- would doubt-
less take to the Democratic press, and, perhaps, noi' *
without some foundation. Indeed, sir, it is not a
pleasant confession, but probably true, that some'
foundation for such exceptions appears to he in-
separable from the management of apolitical party
press. But that is no'recommendation to the sup-
port and patronage of an.opposite, party. The-
exceptions in the case of the Republic do not ex-
tend to the manner, so far as ability .is concerned,
of its editorship. Its columns display an ability
! for political warfare, a readable raciness of .style
rarely .equaled, an ability which it is to be wished
might be imparted'to a few more Democratic pa-
pers.
If it be admitted that editorial support of the
compromise entitles to a reward out of the National
Treasury, where are the rewards to stop? If it
be proposed to confine them to this city, and be
thou^hf'necessary to divide them between a Whig
and Democrat, another question presents itself—
who is to be the recipient of the Democratic por-
tion, Donelson & Armstrong or Mr. Ritchie? It
was Mr. Ritchie who edited the Union during the
pendency of the compromise -measures; it was
he who advocated those measures, defended.their
friends, and assailed their enemies; it was 4>e
1 who fought through in this, city the Democratic
editorial fight in behalf of the compromise. But
we do not understand him as asking a reward for
such services out of the national funds, though he
I may have some claim upon our justice for services
rendered, independent of his political opinions or
editorial career. And I should regret to learn
that Donelson & Armstrong sought,any such re-
ward. However, sir, I make no such admission;
1 do not admit our right to reward any person out
of the National Treasury for partisan political
services, especially when it can only be done in
violation of the spirit, if not the letter, of existing
law. And more especially still do I deny the pro-
priety and the right of a Democratic Congress be-
stowing a bonus out of the Naiional Treasury upon
a somewhat unscrupulous partisan paper of the
opposite party, and thus giving it the means of
rendering itself more mischievous.
I have before said, and repeat it, that if the con-
tract system was not in existence, and the'ques-
tion before us was the election of a printer, Tknow
no reason why Donelson & Armstrong should not
receive my cordial support. But in expressing
this preference for those gentlemen, I do it not
solely and exclusively because they support the
j compromise, though that has its weight, but be-
! cause they are Democrat's, and editors of a Dem-
ocratic paper in this city—the " organ," if you
; please so to call it. They are opposed, and very
I properly, to secession, or they could receive no
support from me for any position; but they are
not understood to be opposed to the proper and
legal exercise of reserved State rights. * Hence
reasonable State-Rights men can, and the contract
law out of the way, doubtless would, support
them. The defense of State, rights, to the ex-
tent of preventing encroachments upon them by
the General Government, (which it has a constant
tendency to make,) is the duty of every editor, and
still more, of every Representative. If recreant
to that duty, they are unfit to be clothed with any
trust. Much as I revere the " Union of the States,"
if I thought the power of that Union was used,
regardless of the Constitution, in a manner destruct-
ive of the rights andmterests of any State,, I would
resist; but the resistance should be first under the
Constitution—should consist in an appeal to the
Judiciary, the United States Supreme Court,.the
last peaceful arbiter in disputes among the States,
and between the States and General Government.
If the decision of that court was adverse to me
and mine, it would be quietly .submitted to; but if
in our favor, and disregarded,"or upon some pre-
text evaded by th§ General- Government, and its
oppression continued, so help me Heaven, I would
