185%.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2205
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
WIDOW AND CHILDREN OF JOHN BALSTER.
The bill for the relief of the widow and children
of John Balster was read a second time, and con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
vides that the widow of John Balster, deceased,
late armorer, who was killed by an accidental ex-
plosion of the laboratory at the Charleston arsenal
while in the performance of his duty, shall be en-
titled to receive half the monthly pay to which he
was entitled at the time of his death, for and dur-
ing five years, commencing on the 4th of March,
1852; but that in case of the death or marriage of
the widow before the expiration of the live years,
the half pay for the remainder of the time shall be
paid to the children of the decedent.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
E ME LIE HOOE.
The bill for the relief of Emelie Hooe was read
a second time, and considered, as in Committee
of the Whole. It enacts that the Secretary of the
Interior shall place upon the pension list the name
of Emelie Uooe, widow of Brevet Major Alexan-
der S. Hooe, late of the United States Army,
whose death was occasioned by a wound received
in the battle of Resaca de la Palma, on the 9th of
May, 1846, and allow her, per month, the half-
pay of a captain in the Army of the United States
for five years, commencing on the 1st of January,
1851.
Mr. SHIELDS. I am inclined to think that
that case is included in the general bill. I should
like to hear the report read.
From the reading of the report it appears that
Alexander S. Hooe lost his right arm jn the battle
of Resaca de la Palma, at which time he was cap-
tain. ;
The committee were fully satisfied, from the j
facts made known to them, that Major Hooe's
death was caused by the wound, by producing <i
gradual depression of spirits, which terminated m
complete alienation of nnnd; m which state, while
alone in his quarters at Baton Rou^e barracks,
where he was then m command, he burnt his
body m several places, and m so shocking a man-
ner that he died on the 9th of December, 1847,
ten days aftei the occurrence, lea\ing his widow
and three young children in destitute circum-
stances.
Mr. SHIELDS. I was in error, Mr. Pres-
ident. I withdraw my objection.
The bill was then reported to the Senate, and
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading.
SEMOICE.
The Senate considered, as in Committee of the
Whole, House bill for the lelief of the heirs of
Semoice, a friendly Creek Indian.
The bill proposes that the children and heirs of |
Semoice shall be vested with a title in fee-simple !
to a certain quantity of land selected and entered j
by Semoice, provided that the pet shall not be j
construed to defeat or prejudice the le^il chum to |
it, if there be any, of other persons. 1
The bill was reported to the Senate, read a third j
time, and passed. ,
BILLS PASSED OVER.
A bill for the relief of Hodges & Lansdale, and
the legal representatives of Rinaldo Johnson, de-
ceased. Objected to by Mr. Bayard. ;
A bill for the relief of Hiram Paulding. Ob- j
jected to by Mr. Bright. # i
A bill for the relief of Calvin B. Seymour and :
Willard Boynton, surviving nartner of W. & H. ;
Boynton. Mr. Cham; asked for the reading of i
the report; which was read, and the bill was passed j
over. i
Joint resolution for the relief of Jonathan Lew- j
is. Objected to by Mr. Bayard. ;
Bill for the relief of Amos Kendall and John E. j
Kendall. Objected to by Mr. Borland. !
Bill for the relief of James Harrington. Ob- \
jected to by Mr. Felch.
A bill for the relief of the Pine Grove Academy.
Objected to by Mr. Walker.
An act for the relief of the heirs of Jeremiah
Wingate. Objected to by Mr. Felch.
A bill for the relief of Jacob Gideon. Objected
to by Mr. Borlanp.
A bill for the relief of Samuel F. Butterworth.
Objected to by Mr, Adams.
An act for the relief of Maurice K Simons.
BENJAMIN F. HART.
The Senate proceeded to consider, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, the bill from the House of
Representatives for the relief of Monmouth B.
Hart, Joel Kelley, and William Close, securities
for the late Benjamin F. Hart, a purser in the
United States Navy, it proposes to authorize the
proper accounting officers, in the adjustment of the
accounts of the late purser, Benjamin F. Hart,
to credit him with the amount of the loss of his
private stores, occasioned by the wreck of the
United States ship Concord, to which lie was at-
tached, as nearly as it can be ascertained; and also
with the difference between the amount of public
stores received by him as purser and the correct
amount of those issued, and those which came to
the hand of his successor; and to make such al-
lowance as they may deem equitable under the
circumstances; provided that thecredits and allow-
ances shnli not exceed thebalance found due to the ;
United Suites upon the last settlement of the ac-
count. '
The bill was reported to the Senate without ,
amendment, oidered to a third reading, read a third I
time, and passed. !
CATHERINE PROCTOR IIAYDEN.
On motion by Mr. CHARLTON, the Senate;
proceeded, as m Committee of the Whole, to 1
consider the bill for the relief of Catherine Proctor 1
Hayden, oniv child and heir of John White, de- !
ceased, hue a lieutenant colonel in the fourth'
Georgia battalion of the revolutionary Anny. It
provides for the payment to Catherine Proctor i
Hayden of the sum of §6,703 57, together with j
inteiest thereon, at the rote of six per cent, from ;
January 12, 17!K3, to January I, the above- 1
named principal sum being the amount found due :
to John White by the piopei accounting officers |
for his seven yeais" half-pay, and for advances I
made by him to the Government durmg the rev- j
olutionary war, for whi"h Treasury certificates i
were improperly issued to Susannah Richardson j
and John Richardson, m 1793. i
Mr. BAYARD. The bill in its present shape
allows interest from 1793 Jo 1S32. From consult-
ation with the Senator fiom Georgia, 1 learn that j
case is a verv meritorious one, and if the provis-
ion for the allowance of interest be striken out, I
shall not object to the bill. ! move to amend the
bill by stiiknis; out the following words:
Together with mierc-4 thcjeoji, at lh<- into of MY/>er
ccnitun pei annum uoin the 1 *2111 day of J:inu;u\, 1793, to
the Ij-ldaj of January, lKi-2.'5
Mr. CHARLTON. I shall not lesiat the
amendment of the Senator from Delaware, be-
cause the lady for whose relief this bill is intended
is very old, and 1 a n afraid that if the lull is not
passed now, in xomo shape, justice will come after
the shades of death have closed upon her. If this
were a time when 1 could appeal to the sympa-
thies of the Senate. I am sure 1 couhl draw tears
from some gentlemen here; hut as 1 am not allowed
to do that on this day, i merely ask Senators to
al^ow thu-i amount to come out of the Treasury
without interest.
The amendment was agreed to, the bill was re- ■
ported to the Senate as amended, the amendment i
was concurred in, and the bill was ordered to be
engrossed for o third readme:.
A. DAVIS.
On motion by Mr. BRODI1EAD, the Senate
proceeded to consider, a-: m Committee of the
Whole, the bill for the relief of Mrs. Mary A.
Davis, widow of Daniel W. D<^. is. It proposes
to direct the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to
her <v254, being the amount paid by her to employ
a substitute for her hue husband, during his ill-
ness, while he was a clerk m the Paymaster's De-
partment.
The bill vas reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
ELIZABETH ARMISTEAD.
On motion by Mr. BADGER., the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider, as in Committee of the Whole,
the bill for the relief of Elizabeth Armistead. It 1
proposes to direct the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of Elizabeth Armistead, widow of
the late General Walter K. Armistead, upon the
list of pensioners, and pay her a pension, at the
rate of one half the pay per month to which her
husband was entitled, from the 1st of November,
1845, to continue during her natural life, or widow-
hood.
Mr. BRIGHT called for the reading of the
report of the Committee on Pensions: which was
read.
From the report, it appears that Elizabeth Ar-
mistead is the widow of the late General Walter
K. Armistead, who, after having faithfully served
his country, died at Upperville, Virginia, m Octo-
ber, 1845, from the effects of disease contracted
during two years of arduous duty in Florida;
! that lie left nine children, and several grand-
1 children, m destitute circumstances. The com-
| mittee think that the widow is clearly entitled to
j a pension, and therefore report a bill for her relief.
J Mr. SHIELDS. The only objection that I see
| to this bill is the fact, that the pension is to com-
mence from 1845; and I believe we have hereto-
fore uniformly refused to sanction this species of
retroactive legislation.
Mr. BORLAND. I beg leave to correct my
friend from Illinois on that point. Wehavepassed
a number of bills at this session involving precise-
ly the same principle. Objection was made to
them on that ground at the time, but the Senate
overruled the objection.
Mr. SHIELDS. Very well; I withdraw my
objection.
The bill was reported to the Seriate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
ABIGAIL STAFFORD.
On motion by Mr. WALKER, the Senate pro
ceeded to consider, as in Committeeof the Whole,
the bill for the relief of Abigail Stafford. It pro-
jioses to direct the Secretary of the Treasury to
pay to Mis. Abigail Stafford, her heirs or legal
representatives, $2,000, for supplies furnished the
Army dunng the revolutionary war, and services
rendered by her father, Henry Smith, of Massa-
chusetts, to be paid on the principles of justice and
equity.
Mr. CASS called for the reading of the report
of the Committee on Revolutionary Claims; which
was read.
It appears, from that report, that Abigail Staf-
ford was the daughter of Henry Smith, of Mas-
sachusetts, who enlisted on the 19th of April,
1775, and served in the ever-memorable battle of
Lexington, in which he was wounded; that he
afterwards served four years and eleven months
during the war. That on the 26th of Decembei „
1775, at Dorchester, he received a certificate from
the Sccietnry of State of Massachusetts, as a sol-
dier, and that he was at the batf le of White Plains,
where he was stationed at an outpost. Thomas
liacoii,the uncle of the petitioner, served in the
Army, and was deprived of the use of Ins feet.
The father of the petitioner died from wounds re-
ceived m the sei vice of ilie country, leaving her an
orphan, her patrimony consisting of §1,800 of
Continental money, which, from its depreciation,
became wholly useless. On the 18th of April,
1777, her grandfather guided the troops to the
battle of Lexington, and had five sons and five
sons-in-law in that battle. The report also state?
that there is testimony to prove that she furnished
supplies to the army by carding, spinning, km?-
tin?, and making clothes for the "soldiers.
The lull was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for <-«
third read.ng.
GEORGESTEALEY.
On motion by Mr. WELLER, the Senate pro-
ceeded, as in Committee of the Whole, to consider
the hill for the relief of George Stealey. It pro-
poses to enact, that the account furnished by
George Srealeyfor services rendered and expensed
incurred by him as agent,appointed by the Indian
commissioners of the United States for the State
of California, to visit the northern tribes of In-
dians of that State, be referred to the Third Aud-
itor of the Treasury, with authority to cause it to
be setttled and paid upon principles of equity and
justice; the settlement to be made upon satisfac-
tory vouchers, showing that the expenses were
actually incurred, and that the prices paid were
just and proper, under the peculiar circumstances
of the case.
