1342
THE CONGRESSIONAL' GLOBE.
May 12,
advocate forcible resistance—for that would then
become atfuty both to State anil General Govern-
ment. , -
If Southern Secessionists had sought a legal—
a constitutional remedy for'their real or imaginary
grievances, nq one wouM havegainsayedtheir right
so to do, or oppose their effort; but their error was,
in'.advocating as a'first remedy, and the only one to
which .they were willing -to resort, one'outside of
the lawand the'Constitution. No one can-c-lass me
•With-.either the Northern of Southern extremes in
' sectional sentiment. - I am,, like most of the great
West',ofaud-withtheNation as a whole—not with
;thesectional'North or South. I neither opposed all
th.e Compromise measures, because they were not
4s, favorable to the North as could have been
- wished, and thus took rank- with the Free-Soilers;
nor did J denounce such as were favorable to the
Norths be'cause of their'imagined encroachments
upon the South, and thus act with their Southern
.opponents. ' I voted for most of them, and readily
acquiesce-in all, not-because I thipk all of them
• are right—and not so thinking, no motive shall in-
duce me to'say so-;—but because whatever of evil
the measures con tain sink into insignificance, when
compared with the greater evils which we may
reasonably expect to result from reopening and
reagitating them. For the votes which 1 did give,
I have no whining regrets—such as we have heard
expressed for a dodge on the fugitive slave law.
I then esteemed those votes right; and have subse-
quentlytiiscovef'ed "noreason to change my opinion.
"Under th,e same circumstances, the same votes
would doubless be given again. My negative vote
upon the passage of the fugitive slave law, was a
vote, not against executing the provisions of the
Constitution requiring the delivery of fugitives,
but against a bill containing features winch 1 es-
teemed unnecessarily harsh—features indicative,
as i have elsewhere said, rather of angry than of
enlightened legislation. But the pi pvions question
having been sustained, no opportunity was per-
mitted of objecting to any of its features, or pro-
f>osirj2T amendments, and the only other means
eft of dissenting from any of the bill, was a nega-
tive vote against the whole of it. There is a wide
' difference between expressing opinions adverse to
a measure,- or seeking to amend it while pending,
or opposing it on its passage, because of objection-
able features, and continuing that opposition after
it has become a law. The former is a right to be
exercised by every independent Representative—
the latter is incompatible with the duty of a good
citizen. The compromise has passed, and the
measures composing it are, it is to be hoped,
settled; and no person has a right to go back to
the period of,its passage, and attempt, to make a
vote for or against it the exclusive test of Democ-
racy. And such attempt, whenever imule, and by
whomsoever, will prove a mortifying failure.
While saying this, however, 1 must be permit-
ted further to say. that it is the duty of every
good citizen to acquiesce in all provisions of the
Constitution, and observe in good faith all laws
necessary to enforce them, although those laws
may contain provisions which he objected to hav-
ing imbodied in them; and especially is this his
duty when evils greater than the laws contain are
likely to result from his refusal to observe them.
And believing all Democrats to he good citizens,
and nullification of a law, or of a constitutional
provision, no part of the Democratic creed, I there-
fore believe it right and highly proper for the party,
as such, to avow their acquiescence in all the pro-
visions of the Constitution, and their observance,
in good faith, of all laws necessary to enforce those
provisions, and to place that avowal upon record,
that the country may see and know their position,
to condemn or sustain it, as the majority may
deem proper. 1 have, therefore, acted with those
who sustain the compromise, and shall continue
so to do-, but it isrnot hence to he inferred that I wish
on the one hand, to denounce or punish those who
opposed it, but violated no law in such opposition,
or on the other to myself violate a law, as is pro-
posed by the committee in this printing matter, for
the purpose of rewarding those who sustain it,
Mr. STANLY. I rise to a point of order, that
it is not competent for the gentleman to discuss the
compromise measures in connection with this sub-
ject.
Mr. FITCH. The compromise has been con-
nected often with the printing by others in the pre-
vious debate. I have followed their example,
though, perhaps, it -\yas erroneous in its inception.
But the gentleman makes his point of order too
"late, for 1 have no more to say upon the subject of
the compromise. .
Mr.'STANLY.- .AH I want is fair play. I
want the same privilege extended to others as to-
the gentleman from Indiana. -1 ' -
Mr. FITCH. I know of no one to whom I
would more willingly extend "any such .privilege
than to the gentleman" from North Carolina. I
shall certainly, therefore, not object to his exer-
cising it. . ■
Mr. STANLY. T am confident the gentle'man
would not.
Mr. FITCH. It will be remembered that dur-
ing the debate upon the first report from the Com-
mittee on Printing, I expressed the opinion that
the committee sought to usurp a power belonging
exclusively to Congress—namely, the power to
practically repeal or suspend the contract system,
and to declare who should, and who should not, be
the public printers. I declared that their action,
if sustained, must result in making their favoiites
the printers to Congress, for that, by withholding
from the contractor a portion of the printing, per-
haps the profitable portion, and that he could
readily execute, they would justify him in aba ndon-
ing his contract, and asking for damages, or per-
haps coeice him to such abandonment, and all the
printing would thus be placed in the hands of their
favorites—they would become the sole printers to
Congress. The result 1 then anticipated, if the ac-
tion of the committee is sustained, has already
arrived. The committee informs us, in the report
now before us, that the contractor has memorial-
ized them for relief, and intimated his inability to
comply with his contract. Therefme, the com-
mittee, in pursuance of their plan, will give the
entire printing to men selected by themselves, with-
out the knowledge or consent of the House, and
contrary to Us heretofore well-understood wish.
They will indirectly, by their own dictation, have
appointed the printers to Congress, and set aside
the law and the contract system. They will not
pretend to say they have the power to do this di-
rectly—they will not deny but the attempt would
be illegal. Then why seek to do it indirectly?
The latter is equally m violation of the spirit, if
not the letter of the law. During that debate, the
chairman of the committee, [Mr. Gorman,] said:
"When tlie proposition was first made to give the future
printing to some one beside the contractor, the question
immediately s>piang up, whether or not we had the power to
do that. The gentleman from New York, [Mr. IIavhn,]
one. of the membeis of the committee, who, hat. the reputa-
tion of being a< good a lawyei as any other in the countiy,
suggested that it was doubtful whether thai power could be
exercised h\'the committee. What did we do ? PerM-Jt in
doing a thing about which theie was a doubt of om power
to do ? No! Wo conceived, theiefore, that we had no
power to make tliU transfer lor the future printing. What-
ever the rontmetor JaiN or neirlects to do of the printing
that isoideied now, according to his conn:ict, we may
make aiMngorn'mN to have done. That wa< our argument
their; it is < ui argument hcio, and I am «:Uislied it con-
uneo« everybody bete.1'
Then the opinion of the committee was, that
they had no right to contract forfiUiue printing—
a correct opinion, and one in winch the House
will readily concur; but subsequent to that time,
the committee appear to have had a new reading
of the law, or the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Ha"\ent] has discovered a new version of it,
or the committee have received light from without,
relative to its proper construction, for it appears
from the report before us, that they have arranged
with a party other than the contractor for future
printing, printing: not yet ordered.
Mr. GORMAN. If the gentleman will permit
me to interrupt him. We have certainly not
given one particle of future printing to Donelson
& Armstrong. We have simply done this: We
have provided for supplying arty deficiency where
the public printei fails to execute his conttact, hut
not one job has been voted into their possession
upon the partofthecommittee. We conceive that
we have no power to give any future printing into
the hands of any party other than the public !
printer, until we find he fails to execute it. 1
Mr. FITCH. I may have more to say upon
this point in another connection. I will now only
say, that if this committee have not given the
future printing to Donelson & Armstrong, the lan-
guage of their report is extremely loose, because
it informs us that the committee have provided for
the execution of printing which may hereafter
be ordered, and made that provision with other
parties than the contractor—parties of their own
selection.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. If the gentle-
man will refer to the report, he will find that it
says no such thing. " -
Mr. FITCH. The gentleman does not under-
stand the force and meaning of the language of his
own report, or is very oblivious of facts. The lan-
guage of the report is, that" the committee entered
1 into contracts wjth Donelson &' Armstrong to
' execute so much of the public printing as had
i been or ialght be ordered by the House, and which
' the public contractor could ndt or would not do;
4 and with Gideon & Co. to do that ordered by the
Senate,." If it*was illegal ahd wrong when the
chairman made the remarks I have previously
quoted, to bestow future printing upon any other
than the contractor, it is equally so now; for, how-
ever circumstances may have controlled the action
of the committee, no circumstances can change the
law. I have more hereafter to say of the leport
now before us.
The committee have assumed, and so has the
editor of the Union, that the reference of the first
report back to that committee without instruc-
tions, was indorsement of their action, and that,
therefore, they were Justified in pursuing that
action. The committee and the editor of the
Union must have known that no such indorsement
was intended or understood upon the part of the
House. Out of deference to the feelings of the
committee, the House delicately forbore giving a
vote, which would have been construed into one
of censure, and hence referred the matter back to
the committee without instructions, but with the
full understanding that other and different action
should.be had. It appears that our consideration
for their feelings was thrown away, for they have
not appreciated it. The understanding that other
and different action should be had was based upon
the opinions elicited during the previous debate,
upon the votes had during that debate, and upon
the promises, positive and implied, of- the com-
mittee. And how have those promises been
redeemed? Have we been decei\ed—sadly de-
ceived? Or have we deceived ourselves? Which-
ever it may be, sir, if we are deceived again, the
fault will be our own. It, will be because of our
want of determination to enforce that accountabil-
ity from the committee which it is our right to
expect, and their duty in common with all other
committees to yield. It will be because of our
want of sufficient self-respect to insist that our
instructions shall be respected and obeyed. I do
| not wish to be understood as charging intentional
I deception to the committee. It was the result
j probably of a misunderstanding between the
' House and committee relative to their respective
| action and intentions. But however it' may have
I occurred—whosesoever was fh e fault, its repetition
should be avoided, and it is the duty of the House
to place that avoidance beyond the possibility of
doubt.
Complaints are made by gentlemen upon this
side of the House, of the non-fulfillment of certain
promises, which they allege were made them—
promises, that if the first report was referred back
to the committee without insti actions, all of what-
ever printing was given to any other than the con-
tractor, should be given to Donelson & Armstrong.
How has this promise been redeemed? But, sir,
whatever others may do, I am not disposed to
make any complaint of this character, because no
promise controlled my vote, and no promise should
have controlled the vote of any other gentleman;
first, because it is wrong to vote with a view to the
bestowal of the printing upon any individual by
the mere action of the committee, on terms higher
than those at which it would be executed by otheis,
and in violation of the spirit of the existing law,
the contract system. Tlut system is the correct
one, and should be enforced to the full extent of
the intention of the law.
Mr. GORMAN, (interrupting.) I made the
suggestion to which the gentleman alludes, that if
that matter was referred back to the committee
without instructions, in all probability the whole
of the printing would be given to Donelson &
Armstrong, and I, suppose the gentleman is aware
that I acted accordingly.
Mr. FITCH, (resuming.) \ I look to the result,
and find half of the printing is to be given to
Gideon & Co., of the Republic, and half of it to
Donelson & Armstrong. And no promise, further-
