430
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 30,
ernment acknowledges it; and that of course
would make the party entitled to relief from the
passage of the act. In cases of claims of a doubt-
lb 1 character, by adopting the rule to pay interest
on all, you will necessarily encourage parties to
hold them back until the memory of the individ-
uals connected with the transactions has either
become weakened, or the individuals themselves
"have passed away, and you have no means of
such investigation as you would have had at the
time of the transaction. The rule would therefore
tend to encourage the holding back of all classes
of claims, which are either of a bad or doubtful
character, because if the party knows that by a
general principle of the Government, he is entitled
to the interest on his claim if the claim is not per-
fectly right, if it is one in which there may be
abundant evidence to countervail that which went
to sustain it, it will be held back. We know that
almost all of the claims which come before us are
Sustained entirely by ex parte evidence, got up by
the party himself, through affidavits, upon which
the Government have no power of examination
or investigation in any way. Under these cir-
cumstances, is it not evident that parties would
always hold back claims, in doubtful cases, until
the knowledge of the transaction was passed from
the minds of men ; until those who could perhaps
best explain it have passed out of the world; and
that then they would bring forward their claims
to Congress, supported perhaps by affidavits taken
at the time? or it may be that the claim was
made but not prosecuted at the time, and suffered
to ii-e over ten, fifteen, or twenty years, and of
course be allowed as having been claimed at the
time when the transaction took place. If your
general law is to be that you will pay interest on
claims, is it not a necessary result that it will con-
duce to the holding back and delaying the prose-
cution of claims which are of a class that would
not be well sustainable? Would it not keep back
doubtful claims until the memory of the transac-
tion had passed away, or until the means of in-
vestigation had become so limited that there would
be an uncertainty as to iis justness, and yet the
party might have his cx parte affidavits, a sufficient
semblance of a chum, as strong as many which
I have known passed, to justify the report of a com-
mittee and the passage of a bill by the Senate?
On the whole, though I should have wished to
make some additional remarks on this subject, and
should havewished tolookintosomequestionscon-
nected with this doctrine of interest, I cannot vary
from the impression which I had when I became
a. member ot this body, which has grown up with
me, as it has with many other men, in the course
of my profession, that it was the settled principle,
as well as the policy of Governments, that they
would not pay interest unless in cases where
there was an agreement to do so. I believe this
rule applies to the Government of Great Britain,
and also here, with exceptions though, it is true—
I admit it to be so—as regards the action of Con-
gress, the exceptionable cases are so frequent it
is very often exceedingly difficult to know what
the general rule is.
Mr. MALLORY, I hope, if any Senator upon
this floor entertains any doubt about the propri-
ety of paying interest upon liquidated demands j
due by the Government, that a little time will be '
devoted to inquiry in regard to the subject. I .
feel particularly interested m the question, stand- h
ing here for the State of Florida, because at this |1
time there is something like a million of dollars!,
due to that State upon a claim of interest upon !!
liquidated demands due over twenty years ago, j!
whose payment has been stipulated for by treaty, N
and for the payment of which the faith of this I
Government is pledged to a foreign nation in the
acquirement of a large territory. That claim
rests on a more solid basis than any other that I
know of. I, for one, am not disposed to see this j!
question glossed over with partial arguments, !
leaving out of view the highest authority which !
can be referred to. ^ And here I will say that I am
prepared at any time to produce authorities on ,
this subject. I am prepared at any time to com- !
bat the idea thrown out, that good faith between :
the Government and individuals does not require •
the payment of interest, and that it depends on
statutory provisions.. I am prepared to show that
the statutory provisions merely go to show the i
extent of interest—the per cent, at which interest ij
shall be paid, the value of money, and that is a ij
matter about which nations differ. And I am
prepared to show that, ever since Christianity has
ruled the counsels of nations, interest has been
allowed in payment of damages, if not interest to
nomine, that is, with the consent of the lender,
certainly for damages against his consent.
The Senator from Delaware [Mr. Bayard] ap-
pealed to law writers upon this subject, I appeal
to the highest law writers on record. I appeal to
every law writer whose name stands in connec-
tion with the subject—to Grotius, j,o Puffendorf,
to Vattel, to all the historians of England, to our
own Justices Marshall and Story, to Chancellor
Kent, and to every other man eminent as a law
writer, to prove the very fact that interest should
never be refused on a claim. I call to the minds
of Senators the treaty of 1794, and the treaty of
Ghent. When our Commissioners were negoti-
ating the first article of the treaty of Ghent, a dis-
pute arose, which was referred to the Emperor of
Kussia, who decided in this way: That the United
States of America were entitled to indemnification
for all the property carried off by the British
forces; and upon the joint Commission which was
arranged to liquiJate this amount, a question was
made and presented about the interest; and one of
the American Commissioners has written an ar-
gument on that subject that is perfectly unanswer-
able. The authorities which he quotes are unan-
swerable. And here I will say, that in the Ad-
mirality courts of England, from time immemorial
to the present hour, in prize cases the decisions
have been, that the prize should include the value
of the property and interest from the time of cap-
ture. That law has been acted upon in our own
courts. It has been adjudicated by Justice Story, !
and if authorities are needed, I can find hundreds j
of them. I stand here prepared to show that no j
Christian Government, our own among the nnm- i
ber, has ever denied the liability of a Government j
to pay interest. The policy of not paying inter-
est originated, if my memory serves me right, [
with Alexander Hamilton, who, in a desperate ,
financial condition of the country, deemed it pru- J
dent to refuse to pay interest, and the owners of j
claims were very glad to get the principal. Since ,
that time it has been merely a rule of the Depart- j
ments. Sir, justice and not expediency should be !
the pillar on which we should stand. The idea '
that if we adopt this principle, claimants will not
come forwardimmediately, but will withhold their
claims, only goes to the expediency of the mat-
ter; it does not apply to the legality of the claim.
Let the Government throw safeguards around the
ascertainment of claims. There ought to be a
Board of Claims. Do not keep the claimants out
of their money for twenty, thirty, or fifty years,
and then refuse them interest. I hope, if any
doubt remains in the minds of Senators about the
liability of the Government to pay interest, they |
will take time to consider it. I shall take great ;
pleasure at any future day in discussing the ques- j
tton on its merits. ]
Mr. UP1XAM. I wish to make a few remarks
for the information of Senators. The petitioner j
presented hie petition here at the very next ses- i
sion of Congress after the one seventh of his claim .
had been disallowed. I think that every case in !
regard to interest must stand on its own merits, i
It seems to me that if this money is due for ser- !
vices rendered to the Government, and it was un- j
lawfully withheld, the petitioner should be enti- 1
tied to interest from the time he presented his !
memorial. !
Mr. HUNTER called for the yeas and nays on i
the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered and taken. !
The PRESIDENT announced—yeas 12, nays i
19—no quorum voting. i
Mr. HALE. That is a quorum of the members i
elected to the Senate. i
The PRESIDENT. I cannot determine that. !
Mr. HALE. There is but one Senator holding i
a seat from Connecticut; one Senator holding a I
seat from California; and but one Senator from i|
Mississippi. These are facts known to every !j
Senator, and it seems to me that the Presiding :!
Officer must tnke knowledge of them. :l
The PRESIDENT. _ The Chair is very de- i
sirous that the point-raised by the Senator from i
New Hampshire should be settled, so that he can ;j
understand if a less number than thirty-two is to I
constitute a quorum. jl
Mr. BADGER. I suppose that if we adjourn ii
now, that question will come up to-morrow morn-
ing. I think it would be better to settle it when
there is a full Senate, and not when there is a doubt
as to the presence of a quorum. I therefore move
that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. DAWSON. I hope my friend from North
Carolina will withdraw that motion.
Mr. BADGER. Certainly.
Mr. DAWSON. I move that when the Senate
adjourn, it be to meet on Monday next.
Mr. BADGER. Less than a quorum can only
adjourn from day to day. «
The PRESIDENT. That motion cannot be
received.
Mr. DAWSON. There is a quorum present.
Some gentlemen did not vote.
The PRESIDENT. If any Senators present
have not voted, it is very desirable that they should
vote. The rule is imperative, that Senators pres-
ent shall vote unless they are excused.
Mr. BUTLER. What is the difficulty?
The PRESIDENT. The question arises with
regard to what constitutes a quorum of the Senate.
The vote is twelve to nineteen, which makes thirty-
one. If the whole number of Senators (sixty-two)
were elected, it would require thirty-two to make a
quorum. Senators have not been elected by some
of the States, and the question is, whether they are
to be considered as constituting a portion of the
body ? That question is for the Senate to decide.
Mr. BADGER. Certainly not. They are not
members.
Mr. BUTLER. I differ from my friend from
North Carolina. I think the Chair has no right to
look as to whether a State is represented or not.
The PRESIDENT. That is my opinion.
Mr. BUTLER. You must take the Constitu-
tion as it is, and the rules of the Senate as they
are. 1 know that a quorum is now procurable—
that is, we are now in a condition to have a quo-
rum if we choose to summon all the Senators in
Washington. As to those who are absent from
the city, I respectfully suggest that the Chair can-
not take cognizance of their absence Whether
they are elected or not, depends upon the States
and not upon the Chair.
Mr. BADGER. It is very true that whether
they are elected or not, depends on the States and
not on the Chair; but if they are not elected, they
are not certainly members of this body.
Mr. BUTLER. How are you to know that
they are not elected?
Mr. BADGER. I do not want to go into that
question. I renew the motion to adjourn.
Mr. DAWSON. I made a motion that when
the Senate adjourn, it be to Monday next.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair cannot receive
that motion, while another subject is under con-
sideration .
Mr. DAWSON. I move, then, to postpone the
further consideration of this subject until to-mor-
row.
Mr. BADGER. That is to postpone the an-
nouncement of the result.
Mr. DAWSON. It has been announced that
no quorum voted.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair is entirely
under the control of the Senate in this matter.
His own impression is, that it requires thirty-two
Senators to constitute a quorum.
Mr. BUTLER. Under the present rules of the
Senate.
Mr. DAWSON. No doubt of that.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair is satisfied as
to that point. If called upon to announce the re-
sult, he would say that no quorum voted.
Mr. H ALE. I remember an instance, one or
two sessions ago, when, after the result was an-
nounced, the Senate compelled members present,
who had not voted, to vote in order to make a
quorum.
ThePRESIDENT. Certainly; and if thereare
any members present who have not voted, the
Chair will enforce the rule.
Mr. HALE. I think my colleague [Mr. Nor-
ths] has not voted. His vote would make a quo-
rum. J
Mr. BRADBURY. I suppose if we adjourn
until to-morrow, we need not then transact much !
business, and we can decide this point on Monday
morning. I therefore renew the motion to ad-
journ.
Mr. BADGER. I hope the Senator from New |
Hampshire [Mr. Norris] will be called. %
1
