2206
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 18,
The report of the Committee on Indian Affairs
was read; from which it appeirs that Mr. Stealey
was employed in the years 1850 and 1851, by the
United Slates Indian commissioner in California,
to visit the uibes in the northern portion of the
State, with a view to arrest their aggressions on
the miners in that portion of the State, and to es-
tablish pacific relations between the Indians and
the white inhabitant; in which he was success-
ful. Bat when he returned from his mission, in
consequence of the separation of the Board of
Commissioners and the exhausted state of the
funds, he was not compensated for his services,
nor reimbursed the money expended by him. The
committee think that he should be compensated
for any services which he rendered under the direc-
tion of theUnited States Commissioner,and should
be reimbursed any expenditures actually incurred
in the performance of the duties assigned to him,
nn the production of satisfactory vouchers.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading.
DAVID MURPHY.
■On motion by Mr. CHASE, the biii from the
House of Representatives for the relief of David
Murphy, was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It proposes to direct the Secretary of the
Interior to place the name of David Murphy on
the invalid pension-roll for life, at the rate of $5 33j
per month—the pension to commence on Febru-
ary 27th. 1S46, and to continue during life.
'Mr. CLEMEN'S. I should like to know why
we are called upon to pass this bill ? What ser- j
vices has the party rendered ; And if he has ren- ;
dered any service, why is he not already upon the |
pension-roll ?
Mr. CHASE. It will save time, perhaps, to |
have the report read. That states the facts of the
case.
The report was accordingly read; from which
it appears that David Murphy was a regular sol-
dier in the service of the United States during the
last war with Great Britain, and that he was
wounded at the battle of the river Raisin, from the
effects of which he has been seriously disabled.
The committee, therefore, report a bill for his re-
lief.
Mr. CHASE. I think after hearing the report
no one can object to the bill.
Mr. CLEMENS. I do object to it. I do not
5 ke to encourage the system of granting; pensions
by special acts of Congress. By the rules of the
Department, certain proofs are required before a
person can obtain a pension. It is for the pur-
pose of seeking- to avoid those proofs that persons
oome here to get acts of Congress passed granting
them pensions. I therefore give notice that I shall
discuss this bill.
The bill was accordingly passed over.
BILL PASSED.
The following engrossed bills were severally
read a third time and passed:
A bill for the relief of Robert Grignon;
A bill for the relief of Abigail Stafford;
A bill for the relief of Henry C. Miller, Philip
Thompson, and Jesse J>. Turley;
A bill for the relief of the representative of
Henry Kins:;
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of William Jones;
A bill for the relief of Maria Taylor;
A bill for the relief of Santiago E. Arguello;
and
A bill for the relief of Isaac Adams.
DRY DOCIC IK CALIFORNIA.
The PRESIDENT*. With the permission of
the Senate, the Chair will present a communica-
tion from the Navy Department in answer to a
resolution of the Senate of the 6th instant, calling
for copies of contracts entered into by the Secre-
tary of the Navy for the use of the dry-dock in
California.
The communication was read. It states that
but one contract has been contemplated by the
Department for the lease of the dock referred to,
and that one is incomplete. The Secretary, how-
ever, incloses a ropy of it, and states that the con-
tract hns not received his signature in consequence
of the delay of the party in furnishing a satisfac-
tory certificate of his comnetency to "respond to
the full amount of the forfeiture.
Mr. CLARKE. I move that the communica-
tion he on the table. I suppose there is no neces-
sity for having it printed, as we shall want it to
use in a discussion which will take place in a few
days.
Mr. WELLER. I prefer that the communi-
cation should be printed. I am very anxious to
see the contract. Although it is an incomplete
one, I understand that the persona who made it
are now engaged in transporting a portion of the
material to California.
Mr. CLARKE. The honorable Senator is not
advised as to the facts. The contract to which he
refers was for building a sectional dock and trans-
porting that to California. This communication is
in regard to the leasing of that dock.
Mr. WELLER. Then the fact that I am so
profoundly ignorant in regard to the matter shows
that it is necessary to have the communication
printed, in order that I may get the necessary in-
formation. I therefore move that the communi-
cation be printed.
Mr. CLARKE. I shall make no objection.
The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion by Mr. BRIGHT, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of Executive business;
and after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened,
And the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, August 13, 1853.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by the Rev. C. M. Butler.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER. The business first in order
is the consideration of House bill No. 297, " de-
claring the Wheeling Bridge a lawful structure,
and for other purposes."
Mr. SMART, i ask the unanimous consent of
the House to allow me to report from the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs "A bill to authorize the
c payment of the claim of the State of Massachu-
' setts foi certain services of her militia during the
Mate war." I do not intend to ask action upon
it. My simple object is, as I am going to leave
the city, to have the bill and accompanying report
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and printed.
There being no objection, the bill was reported,
read a first and second time by its title, referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and, with the accompanying report, or-
dered to be printed.
POST ROUTES BILL.
Mr. OLDS. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to report from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads "A bill establishing
certain post routes." We are now within two
weeks of the close of the session, and it is import-
ant that it should go into the hands of the Post
0lfi.ee Committee of the Senate that they may
have an opportunity to examine it.
Mr. BROOKS. Does the bill contain anything
else besides post routes ?
Mr. OLDS. No, sir.
The bill was read a first and second time by its
title, ordered to be engrossed and read a third time,
and, having been engrossed, was read the third
time and passed.
Mr. GORMAN. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to report from the Committee on
Military Affairs "A bill to restore the civil super-
intendency of the national armories at Harper's
Ferry and Springfield," which I have had in my
desk for a long time. Great interest is felt in re-
gard to it. I will not ask thjt the bill shall be put
upon its passage, but that it be referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
There will be no time occupied in the considera-
tion of the motion of reference.
There was no objection, and the bill was read a
first and second time by its title, referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and, with the accompanying leport, ordered to be
printed.
Mr. CLARK. I hope I may be successful in
calling up a little bill for the State of losva, which
I have, two or three times, endeavored to get ac-
tion^ upon. It is a bill containing but one short
section, and provides for the relinquishment of a
small tract of land in the town of Belleview. The
people there need it for commercial purposes.
Mr. LETCHER. Does this come out of the
morning hour ?
The SPEAKER. It does, and the morning
hour has been running on since the commence-
ment of the proceedings.
Mr. LETCHER. I regret that I shall have to
object to the gentleman's proposition. The Wheel-
ing Bridge case, which comes up as the business
in order m the morning hour, is a very important
matter, and should be acted upon at an early day.
THE WHEELING BRIDGE.
The House proceeded to consider the bill de-
claring the Wheeling Bridge a lawful structure.
Mr. WOODWARD, who was entitled io the
floor from yesterday, finished his argument, show-
ing that the power resided in Congress, under the
Constitution, to determine whether this bridge
was a nuisance, and such an one as should be re-
moved. [See Appendix.]
Mr. THOMAS M. HOWE then obtained the
floor, and proceeded to address the House in op-
position to the passage of the bill. Before con-
cluding, he was interrupted by
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. Has the morn-
ing hour expired ?
The SPEAKER. It has.
THOMAS RITCHIE.
Mr. STANTON. I call, then, for the regular
order of business—the report of the Committee
on Printing.
Mr. STANLY. Is that printing business now
before the House?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am anxious to get through
with the Army appropriation bill to-day if possi-
ble, so that we may devote to-morrow to private
bills; and if the gentleman from North Carolina
[Mr. Stanly] will allow me to do so—as he will
retain the floor—I will move to close debate upon
thai bill, and then to go into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, and try to
finish it.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
North Carolina yield the floor for that purpose?
Mr. STANLY. When will this printing mat-
ter come up again, if I do?
The SPEAKER. It will come up regularly in
the House as the first business in order, unless it
be interfered with by some other privileged motion
or question that may aiise.
Mr. STANLY. I should be glad if the House
would consent to postpone the bill in relation to
Mr. Ritchie's claim until some day certain, so that
I may know when it will come up. I move to
postpone it until next Tuesday week.
Mr. JONES,of Tennessee. I suggest to the gen-
tleman from North Carolina, to say next Tuesday.
Mr. HOUSTON. Oh, no; next Tuesday is
too soon.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. If it is to be post-
poned until next Tuesday week, it would be bet-
ter to postpone it indefinitely and make an end of
it at once, for that will be the effect of it.
Mr. LETCHER. I ask for the yeas and nays
upon the motion of the gentleman from North
Carolina.
Mr. HOUSTON. I hope the gentlpman from
North Carolina will not press his motion to-day,
but will let us go into the Committee of the Whole
on the state ofthe Union, and disposeof the Army
appropriation bill.
Mr. STANLY. My motion is not debatable.
Mr. HOUSTON. I appeal to the gentleman to
yield me the fioor to allow me to move to close the
debate on the Army appropriation bill.
The SPEAKER. No gentleman can have the
floor on the motion to postpone, for it is not de-
batable.
CLOSE OP DEBATE.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then I offer the usual reso-
lution to close the debate on the Army appropria-
tion bill in one hour after the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union shall resume the
consideration of the same.
Mr. LETCHER. I ask for the yeas and nays
on that resolution.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. When the report
of the Committee on Printing was postponed, it
was with the understanding that it should be acted
upon yesterday.
Mr. HOUSTON. I know that when it was
