1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1343
more, should have controlled the votes of gentlemen,
because the previous action of the committee should
haye had more weight than any promise that could
come from them during the pendency of a propo-
sition to indirectly censure them by referring the
matter to another committee; and again, because
it was manifest, by the votes-on the other side of
the House, that the majority there, though doubt-
less fully aware of the alleged promises to Demo-
crats, were nevertheless sustaining the action of
the''committee. Hence it was fair to infer that
counter promises were understood by our political
1 opponents, or that they fancied themselves in pos-
session of a key to the- manner of a fulfillment of
those made.to Democrats.
- - Mr. GORMAN". I will be obliged to any Whig
gentleman upon this floor, if he will nse in his
place and say that from me he had the slightest
intimation 
Mr. FITCH. I do not say it or believe it. There
is a Whig upon the Printing Committee.
. --Mr. GORMAN. That is all satisfactory.
Mr. FITCH. While-upon the subject of prom-
ises, it will be as well, perhaps, to allude to two
or three others. The one I have mentioned
was made to individuals. There were promises
made to the House. We were told, that if the
entire matter was referred back to the.committee
without instructions, whatever printing they should
give" out to any,'party other than" to the. public
printer, should be given upon the terms of Towers's
bid, Has this promise been fulfilled? Let that
report upon your desk answer. The committee,
ln'that report, and'in the-late debate, admit that
they have deviated from that promise, but tell us
that the terms which they have adopted, in giving
out.the printing to other parties, are substantially
the terms of Towers's bid, and that the variations
are not material. Now, Mr. Speaker,.I do not
know what the committee deem material, but it
appears, from'the figures of the terms published by
them, and from the statement of gentlemen who
know, practically, something of printing, that the
difference-between the terms of Towers *s bid and
"those adopted by the committee, is some fifteen
to thirty percent.; that the committee have adopted
terms much in advance of the terms of Towers's
bid. This is a difference which, I apprehend,
the country will esteem somewhat material, the
opinion of the committee to the contrary notwith-
standing. They justify their action in this respect,
by stating that they have adopted the terms of
- Towers's estimate. -Now, sir, is it sought, by
associating Towers's bid and Towers's estimate,
to convey the impression that the terms are the
same? There is the difference 1 have mentioned—
a difference of from fifteen to thirty per cent.
The bid by Towers was made more than a year
since, when he was competing with Rives, Ham-
ilton, and others for the public printing. The
estimate was made very recently—made at the insti-
gation of a gentleman who is interested in having
the action of the committee sustained. It was
given to tliat gentleman, as is understood, without
any knowledge upon Towers's part of the use to
which it was to be applied, and its terms have
been adopted, not to give the printing to Towers,
who made th'e estimate, but to give it to other par-
ties, to whom the committee h.ad predetermined
to give it -under- any circumstances. And they
gave it to those other parties upon the terms of
the estimates^, notwithstanding Towers notified
them that he was ready and willing to execute the
printing in good faith and give unquestionable
security therefor, in accordance with the terms of
his bid, the terms which the committee had prom-
ised to adopt. Have we no cause to complain of
the manner of the fulfillment of this promise?
Again: on Thursday, the 6th instant, the day
after the instructions were adopted and sent to
the committee, we were distinctly told that these
instructions should be followed. But I will read
the language used:
"MjvGoiiman. I ask the gentleman from Massachu-
setts io allow me to make one remark. The House have
given us direction1? in relation to the public printing, and I
now give notice that we intend to execute strictly those
directions, and if the Hou&p wants any of its punting done
prenvptty, it must give some other directions."
And again:
« Mr.,GoRMA.w. I only wi?h to reppat what I have sanl,
that the House ha.ve directed that we shall letout this print-
ing which the public printer cannot execute after ten days'
advertisement. Now, the public printer has not done any-
thipg according'to the contract; and I give notiec that the
committee will execute strictly the .directions of the House,
whatever may be the dclaj m procuring, the printing neces- J
"sary to be done from tune to time-" ■ i
1 am bound to believe that my colleague [Mr. j
G-ouman] endeavored to carry out those insiruc- ;
tions, but was defeated, out-voted, irt Ins efforts |
in the committee. ;
Mr. G-ORMA.N. I did; and I felt bound to do j
so, or resign my place upon the committee.
Mr. FITCH. It matters little, howeyer, what1
was the cause of the failure to fulfill the promise; ,
its fulfillment has failed; for so far from obeying!
the instructions of the House, the committee now ;
report to us deliberately their intention to defy and \
disobey those instructions. They present to us 1
the alternative either of sacrificing our self-respect,:
by allowing them to defy and.disobey the House, j
or permitting them to retire from any further du- |
ties upon-the committee. Can we" hesitate one
moment which of these alternatives to accept?
No, sir; seh-respect, and a pioper regard for the
business of the House and the legislation of the
Country, demand our acceptance of the latter.
Let it be accepted! We were "cold, during the
previous debate, that a ''small section" Ot the
Democratic party was endeavoring to rule the
House, m endeavoring to prevent the bestowal of
the printing upon partisan editors for partisan pur-
poses, and that we. had u tolerated their recre- .
ancy" too long, and that there was no hope of j
success if it was only 44 to be purchased at the ex-
pense of our long-established pimciples." True'
Yet, sir, we find a "small section of the party"
conjoined with a portion of the Whigs, under the
lead of the Committee on Printing, asking the
House to '* tolerate their recreancy" in attempting
to bestow the printing upon their favorites at prices
higher than it would have been taken by others,
without competition, and in violation of the spirit
of the contract system, although our doing so
must be "at the expense of our long-established
principles;" for there is no better Established prin-
ciple of the Democratic party than the contract
system for the execution of the public printing,
and opposition to its bestowal, at unnecessarily j
high prices, upon partisan politicians in payment ,
of partisan services. It is to be hoped that what j
this "small section of the party" requests will j
not be granted, and that the law, in its spirit as
well as its letter, will govern our disposition of the
printing.
The report now before us objects to the instruc-
tions of the House, that they contemplate the
exercise of a power which the House does not
possess. The committee assume that the House
punting and the Senate printing- each are joint
matters, and that, therefore, the House cannot
dispose of its pruning without the consent of the
Senate. But the arguments they usem support of
this, are sophistical. As the House pays for its
printing out of its own contingent fund, it is not
easy to perceive why we should not control its
disposition, especially under- the circumstances
now presented, and when we propose to dispose
of it in accordance with the spirit of the existing
law. It is surely our duty to guard ourcotftingent
fund, and all other Government funds intrusted to
our guaidianship, as far as possible, from unne-
cessary expenditure. If the other branch of the
legislative department do not choose to exercise a
vigilant watchfulness over their contingent fund,
but permit it to be squandered for the benefit of
partisan politicians, or in payment of the extrav-
agant wine and cigar bills of an adventurer, who
may wish to draw upon our gullibility for his own
purposes, their example, to say the least of it, does
not recommend itself for our adoption.
If we have not the power to order a reletting of
our printing, then neither have the joint committee
the power to do, as it is admitted they have done,
namely, constitute themselves the House and Sen-
ate portion each a separate committee, each to
have the entire control over the printing of its re-
spective body. In taking such action, the com-
mittee assumed a power, the possession of which
they now deny to the House, and of necessity to
themselves. They assumed that power when
they thought it necessary for the progress of a
particular plan which they had in view; but they
now deny the same power, when its denial, under
changed circumstances, is equally necessary to the
completion of their plan. They make the House
and Senate printing each a joint or separate matter
—separate to-day, joint to-morrow, as their will
or their plans may dictate.
Mr. S TAN-TON, of Kentucky, (interrupting.)
The gentleman makes a' statement, which 1. am
sure he makes under a mi&spprehensioji,'because
the Joint Committee on Printing has never divided
itself. .
Mr. FITCH. Theu the. report before" «s is
again at fault.
' Mr. STANTON. I wilt state to the House
what the joint corhmittee did, and_then~ihe gentle-
man will see whether the report is at fault.1 "The
report states the facts precisely as they were,1 'The
Joint Committee on Printing appointed ther three
members of "the House, who were on that.vrom-
mittee,.a subcommittee, and the three members
of the Senate, who were upon that'commitjLefe, a
sub-committee, simply for the purpose "of perform-
ing a little portion of the laborof-that committee;
and that labor was,-to-ascertain in what respect
the public printer was in default in regard to the
printing for either House, ft was tp- be reported
to the joint committee; and no action wrfs to be
had by either sub-committee, independent of the
action of the joint committee. We do not pretend
to be independent of the. joint committee at alb.
Merely as a matter of convenience, we are" re-
quired to perform-a portion of the labors which
it would be useless to Require the whole committee
to perfonn. What we do we'repoiH lo the joint
committee. It. would be inconvenient for the
whole committee to go to the printing; office to as-
certain how much the printer is In default.
Mr. FITCH. Now, sir, if they have not made
this division, how came the-House portion of the
committee to.saythat they had nothing to do with
the Senate printing, and were not responsible /or
its bestowal upon the Republic, and that the Sen-
ate portion -had nothing" to da with the House
printing? > ;
We were told-a few days since by a member of
the Committee on Printing of the last Congress,
that it was usual for each portion of the commit-
tee respectively to report-to their bodies-the num-
ber of extra copies of any'doCument they deemed
it desirable to print. Thus far and no further the
independent action of each portion.of the committee
has hitherto extended. But here we find a case of
independent action covering the whole ground; for
each portion of the committee not only reports, the
number of extra copies, but selects the men and
fixes the prices at which the printing is to be ex-
ecuted. ,
Mr. STANTON. The gentleman places me in
the position of having stated facts which I now
deny. I have submitted to his misunderstanding
of the report; but the fact is, that the House com-
mittee did not say that the Senate committee hare
exclusive control over the Senate printing, or that
wehave exclusive control over theHouse printing.
But! say, that with threevotes m the.Senat^, partof
the committee acting against us, our thfeecannot
control a mattei any more than the three members
of Regents of the Smithsonian Institution, appoint-
ed by thetiouse, can control the three .members
appointed by the Senate for the same purpose;' and
therefore, by agreement, we divide the business,
each taking a certain part. Nor can the House
any more instruct the Joint Committee on Print-
ing than it can the Regents of the Smithsonian
Institution.
Mr. FITCH. The gentleman's comparison of
his joint committee with the Regents of the Smith-
sonian Institution, does not hold good. " The esses
are not parallel. There are other gentlehiert be-
longing to the Board of Regents than membeis of
Congress, who could give the casting vote, and
control the action of the Board in the event of any
disagreement between theHouse and Senatemem-
bers. But the statement just made by the gentle-
man [Mr. Stanton] confirms what I have said
relative to the division and separate action of the
Committee on Printing. Neither the House nox
Senate portion constituted a majority; they were
equally divided; they could- not agree, and neither
could control the other on the joint committee.
Instead, however, of reporting, as all other joint
committees do, that they could only agree'to dis-
agree, and asking instructions, or asking to be dis-
charged, they each undertake separate and inde-
,j pendent control of the printing of their respective
j bodies. They can agree upon .this separate a'c-
jj tion. and so report, but now deny that any such
j action has been had. So far as concerns the power
ii in the House to instruef'the' House portion-of the
il Regents of the Smithsonian, Institution, us one of
