1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
2207
postponed, it was expresssly understood upon my
part, and I believe upon the part of the gentleman
from Kentucky, [Mr. Stanton,ftnat it was not.
to be acted upon yesterday.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I had no such
understanding-.
Mr. HOUSTON. Well, that was my under-
standing.
The question now being upon the resolution
submitted by Mr. Houston—
Mr. LETCHER. I withdraw the call for the
yeas and nays.
Mr. MOORE, of Pennsylvania. I move to
amend the resolution so as to close the debate in
two houis instead of one.
The question was taken on the amendment, and
it was not agreed to.
The resolution was then adopted.
Mr. HOUSTON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted, and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the table;
which latter motion was agreed to.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HOUSTON. I now move that the rules
be suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. STANLY. If that motion is agreed to,
what will become of my motion to postpone the
printing matter?
The SPEAKER. That will be the first ques-
tion put when the matter again comes up.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. Will it not
come up to morrow after the expiration of the
morning hour?
The SPEAKER. It will be the first business
in the House, unless superseded by some priv-
ileged motion. Indeed, if the House should now
refuse to go into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, it will come up at once.
Mr. BAYLY demanded tellers; which were or-
dered, and Messrs. Fuller, of Maine, and Fow-
ler, were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 79, noes 49.
So the motion was agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended, and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Bocock
in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN stated that the business be-
fore the committee was the Army appropriation
bill, and that the gentleman from Indiana [Mi*.
Mace] was entitled to the floor.
Mr. MACE addressed the committee an hour
in reply to the remarks of Mr. Stevens, of Penn-
sylvania, of yesterday, upon the subject of the pres-
idential platforms. He defended the Democratic
platform, and maintained that it was eminently
proper for a party professing to be governed by
principles to avow these principles in a tangible
form. He alluded to the evils that might arise to
the country should General Scott be elected to the
Presidency (of which result, however, he had no
fears) under the influences which have brought
him forward, and are sustaining him for that
office. [See Appendix.]
Mr. MOORE, of Pennsylvania, addressed the
House a short time in favor of a reorganization
of the light-house system of the United States.
[See Appendix.]
The CHAIRMAN. The hour has arrived
when, under the resolution of the House, the de-
bate upon this bill must close. The chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means is entitled to
the floor for one hour to close the debate.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have no desire to occupy
any of the time of the committee. I wish, if pos-
sible, to get through the bill this evening.
The bill was then read by sections for amend-
ments.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to offer the following
amendment:
After tlie word "million"' in the eighth line, strike out
i( ,*-703,714," and insert in lieu thereofcc $'.3535-206," i-o as to
make the clause read, " For pay of the Army, $1,353,206."
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am instructed by the same
committee to offer the following amendment:
After the word "recruiting, "in the seventeenth line, strike
out   $43,200," and insert in lieu thereof4* $32,848 32,"' so
.as to make the clause lead, u For expenses ol recruiting,
$32,848 32. 
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to move to strike out
the word "twenty," in line one hundred and
fifteenth, and to inseit the word " forty " in heu
thereof, so as to make the clause read:
"For the purchase of horses required for the first and
second legnnents of dragoons, the companies of light artil-
lery, the regiment of mounted riflemen, and such companies
of infantry as may be mounted, .<-140,000."
The amendment was adopted.
When the following clause was read, viz:
" For the manufacture of arms at the National Armory,
$250,000   ;
Mr. FAULKNER said: I now offer the amend- '
ment of which 1 gave notice yesterday, to come in
at the end of the clause which has just been read. ,
The Clerk read the amendment as follows: i
" Pronded, That from and after the first day of Oetobei
next, so much ol the net ot Congress appioved Aiuiu >t 23d,
1842, as places the national armories undei ihe^ipennteiul ■
enee of an officer of the oidmance corps, be and the same js '
hereby repealed j andfiom that day, the said aimonest>hali ^
be undei that system ol superintendence which existed pnur |
to the p.is&age of the -aui act ol' Congiess.,J j
Mr. HOUSTON. I raise a question of order in :
relation to that amendment. A bill has been re- !
ported from the Committee on Military Affairs for !
precisely the same purpose; and besides that, it is
a proposition to change the whole law, in an ap- j
propriation bill. i
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the :
point of oider raised by the gentleman from Ala- .
bama, and rules the amendment out of order, on !
theground that it includes in effect a bill now before :
the House. It is positively forbidden by one of !
the rules of the House that any amendment shall :
be offered to an appropriation bill, which issimilar
to a bill at that time on the Calendar or before the !
House. The Chair also rules it out of order on '
the ground that it is not germane to the subject- i
matter of the bill. j
Mr. HOUSTON. I am instructed by the Com- ;
mittee of Ways and Means to offer the following
as an additional section to the bill, viz: ,
Skc.3. *dnd he it fuithei emitted, Th.it so much of'
the act making apptoprintions for the snppoit of the At my
(or the year ending 3oth June, 185!, approved 28th Septem-
ber, 18o0, as provides extra pay to the eotmm-Moried offi- ;
cer* and enhxfd men serving in Oregon and California, be 1
and the >atne is heiehy continued m torce lor one yearliom j
the 1st day of Maich, 18o2. j
I do not know that it is necessary for me to i
say one word. The amendment explains itself, i
It merely proposes to continue in force the law of
; 1850, giving increased compensation to the officers
and men serving in California and Oregon, for
twelve months from last March. The law which
passed at the last session of Congress expired last
March, and this amendment is in pursuance of
the recommendation of the War Department.
Mr. EVANS. What the gentleman says is
perfectly correct, and the amendment ought to be
1 adopted; but it should also embrace New Mexico,
i The expenses of living there are very great, and
I all the reasons for increasing the pay in Oregon
i and California apply with equal force to New
! Mexico.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am individually opposed
1 to the amendment which \ am instructed to offer;
! but I think I can give reasons why it should not
apply to New Mexico, especially in its present i
; terms. The troops in New Mexico, California, i
' and Oregon,get their rations, so that the expense
of living'has nothing to do with the increased pay.
, The argument used at the last Congress in favor of
! this increase of pay was, that anywhere within
' each of the sold mines m California, the temptation
| to the soldiers to abandon the service, to de«ertond
' go into a better business, was so great that it was
, impossible to keep the ranks in the condition in
I which they were sent out. That feeiing induced the
1 enactment of the law of 1850, and that feeling exists
1 there at present to a very great extent. But so far
: as New Mexico is concerned, the same argument
; does not apply at all, and the greater portion of
Oregon, I presume, comes within the principle
that I would apply to New Mexico. The officers,
I learn, are under the influence of the high price of
living;. They do not draw their rations in kind,
but draw commutation, with which they provide
rations. Where the living is very dear, therefore,
it might be argued that their pay ought to be
somewhat increased. These are the arguments
which induced the committee to instruct me to
propose this amendment to the House.
Mr. WEIGHTMAN. I move to amend the
amendment so as to extend the operation of the
law to New Mexico. The reasons that the gen-
tleman from Alabama has given for increasing the
pay of the troops in Oregon and California apply
with equal force to Nesv Mexico. The gentleman
says that in New Mexico the soldiers get their
rations and clothes, and that therefore it cannot
make any difference to them what may be the
prices of living. Weil, sir, so do they get their
rations and clothing in California and Oregon.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 said so.
Mr. WEIGHTMAN. They stand on pre-
cisely the same footing as the troops in New
Mexico.
Mr. HOUSTON. T do notthink thegentlenian
understood me. 1 said that so far as the expense
of living was concerned, I did not think that
should affect the pay of the soldiers either in Cal-
ifornia or New Mexico; but that in California,
within the region of the gold districts, where such
exorbitant wages were given, and such induce-*
ments held out for persons to go and labor m the
mines, large numbers of men deserted, often leav-
ing: the ranks only one third full; and with a view
of keeping them m their positions, the Govern-
ment was compelled to recommend that which was
adopted in 1850, and which the Secretary of War
proposes shall be continued now.
The Secretary of War has sent me a copy of a
communication which he addressed to the Mili-
tary Committee of the Senate yesterday. 1 re-
ceived it but a moment ago, and have not had time
to read it through. He says:
" Von will perceive that 1 have left the amount in the
draft of the amendment Mank. The amount required for
the officers on the lm is proposed in the dra't will be
and for the soldiers, in full pay, $731,892."
Mr. HAVEN. Does that cover the item on
the eighth and ninth lines?
Mr. HOUSTON. No, sir; that item is for the
pay proper, as it is called, of the Army, and it was
reduced by the Committee of Ways and Means
on our first action, about $200,000. Since that
time, the Secretary of War has revised his esti-
mates, and recommends a reduction of $500,000
upon his original estimates, which we had re-
duced about $200,000; so that the estimates are,
in truth, reduced to half a million of dollars, in
pursuance of the revised estimates of the War
Department.
Mr. WEIGHTMAN. I take occasion to as-
sert, that the prices of living in New Mexico are
as high, or nearly so, as they are in California.
Mr. BISSELL. They are higher than they
are in California, for the very obvious reason, that
the supplies are taken by water to California and
Oregon, and by land,by very expensive transport-
ation, to New Mexico.
Mr. WEIGHTMAN. As 1 understand the
argument of the gentleman from Alabama, it is
this: that the troops in California are to have the
benefit of this provision, because desertions take
place there; and the troops in New Mexico are
not to have the benefit of it, because the soldiers
there do not desert. In other words, the troops
in California are to be rewarded for deserting the
colors of the country.
Mr. HOUSTON. We must take things as
they are, and meet circumstances as we find them.
I presented my objections to the Secretary of War,
m conversation with him here last evening; and
he replied to me by saying that these facts ex-
! isred; that it cost from $150 to $200 to take a man
| out theie, and that for him to desert immediately
: he got there, would be a very expensive process to
i the Government. We thought it best to give them
I this in addition, in order to induce them to remain
i in the line. But these reasons do not apply to
! New Mexico at all. I hope the amendment will
' not prevail. I am willing that it should be made
I for Oregon and California.
I Mr. EVANS. I desire to offer an amendment
to the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. No further amendment is
in order until the amendment to the amendment is
disposed of.
Mr. BISSELL. I have bestowed a great deal
of attention to this subject, and to my mind the
conviction is irresistible, that this provision ought
to be extended to New Mexico, and for the very
best of reasons. The cost of living is higher in
New Mexico than it is in Oregon or California.
