482
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. BO.
Mr. MASON. I have no disposition to thwart
the views of gentlemen upon these committees to
obtain aid in performing their appropriate duties.
I have no doubt, from what I understand from the
chairman of the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads, that he has need sometimes of a clerk.
I have no doubt, from the representations of the
chairman of the Military Committee, the Naval
Committee, and other committees, that they have
at times use for a clerk. I have but little doubt
that there are a number of clerks in the employ-
ment of the House now, paid out of the contin-
gent fund, who have plenty of time, to give the
assistance required by all these committees, if
you will look at the law allowing clerks, ana
other officers of the House, as I undertand it, you
will find that there are eight clerks and three mes-
sengers allowed by that law. If you look over
the list of those who come to our committee—the
Committee on Accounts—for pay every month,
you will find that there are forty clerks who come
for pay; and the balance, except these eight, are
paid out of the contingent fund of the House, as
they are clerks whose offices are not created by
law. I would suggest that the whole subject be
referred to some" standing committee of the
House, or a select committee, for the purpose of
ascertaining what is necessary—legalizing the
whole by an act of Congress, and thus to prevent
the numerous applications, and the making of
clerkships, which are daily made to give places
to individuals. I take it for granted they are all
useful: but the contingent fund of this House is
increasing enormously, not only in the addition
of officers of the House, but in other respects.
The country will look to those who are in power
here to regulate this matter, and to introduce
more economy. I do not make any charges
against any particular individual, 01* against offi-
cers of this House, in respect to the inciease of
these clerks. There are a number of clerks here
for making land maps. I understand that there
are some thirteen or fourteen employed upon that
work, by order of the House. There are about
as many more upon the index for private claims,
making thus some thirty-seven or thirty-eight.
All these, by resolution of the House, are paid
out of the contingent fund. In addition to these,
there are clerks employed by several of the com-
mittees, and here are applications for several
more. I understand from the clerk, who has had
charge of this land map business, now in the
Pension Office, (Mr. Wilson,) that these maps are
of some utility; but the Commissioner of the
General Land Office himself thinks they are of
no earthly use. There is a difference of opinion
about litem. The Commissioner told me this
morning I hat, after the maps were made, it was
only necessary to keep one clerk there, for the
purpose of marking out the land as it was sold,
which allows the whole laud belonging to the
Government unsold. The clerk blots over that
which line been sold with a red pen. I asked Mr.
Butterlield when these maps would be finished;
and he said when the last quarter section was
sold.
Mr. STANTON, ofTennessee. Will myfriend
allow me to suggest, that the Committee on Naval
A Hairs would be willing to take one of these clerks?
Mr. MASON. Some think they are useful, and
some not. I have not examined the subject to
know whether they are useless. I suggest that it
would be better to refer the matter to a standing
or select committee, to examine into the whole
subject, and inquire into the duties and business
of these different clerks and apportion their labors
justly. There is great complaint that their labors
are apportioned unjustly. .Some men get $900 a
year and work pretty haul, while other men who
work only an hour or two ill the day, get the same
identical pay. Whether those who work bard get
too little, or those who do not work at all get too
much, is a matter for the committee to inquire into.
I move that the whole subject be referred to a
select committee, with the express wish that I shall
not be put upon it.
Mr. OUR. I hope the motion of the gentleman
from Kentucky will be modified, so as to refer this
matter to the Committee on Accounts, of which
lie is chairman. He knows more about it than
any other member of this House, and will, 1 doubt
not, be able to give the House more satisfaction
than any select committee which can be raised,
would do.
Mr. MASON. I hope that modification will ,
not be made. ]
Mr. ORR. I move to refer the matter to the |
Committee on Accounts. 1
Mr. TUCK. I hope this resolution will not be 1
referred at all. There are certain things which, in j
the progress of legislation, it is necessary to sub- :
mit to the regulation of the committees of this
House; and if there is one question which, beyond
all others, every committee should be competent to
decide for themselves, it is whether they require a
clerk.
Now, shall we, when the chairman of such an
important committee as that upon Naval Affairs,
comes here at the unanimous request of his com-
mittee and asks for a clerk, hesitate to give one to
them—especially when that request is backed by
the statement which has been made that the chair-
man is compelled to employ a clerk, at his own
expense, to attend to his own business, in order
to give him the time which it is absolutely neces-
sary for him to bestow upon the duties of his posi-
tion ? This is being " penny wise and pound fool-
ish." It is wasting the valuable time of this House
to discuss such trifling matters.
1 am surprised, when a request is made for the
employment of a clerk, and it is shown that a clerk
is needed, that the gentleman from Kentucky
should rise and say that there are several clerks
in the offices who have nothing to do. What
has that to do with this subject? Introduce a
resolution to dispense with those supernumerary
clerks, and I will vote for it; but that has nothing
to do with the question now before us. It is ne-
cessary that this committee should have a clerk,
and I hope that the House will not refuse to allow
them one.
And now, having made these few remarks, I
dislike to call for the previous question; but at the
request of many gentlemen around me, I demand
it.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee, moved to lay the
resolution upon the table.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, called for the
yeas and nays; and they were ordered.
The question was then put, and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 72, rtays 84; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Charles Allen, Willis Allen, John Ap-
pleton, Aveiett, Bubcock, Beale, Biagg, Albert G. Brown,
Geoigo II. Brown, Buull, Cliastam, Curtis, Daniel, Daw-
son, Dockery, Duncan, Dunham, Eastman, Evans, Faulk-
ner, Fioklm, Gorman, Hall, Harper, Isham G. Harris,
Haws, Ilasca!!, Haven, Hebard, Hendricks, Holladay,
Houston, Thomas Y. Ilow, Hunter, Jackson, Andrew
Johnson, Daniel T. Jones, George W. Jones, J. Glancy
Jones, Preston King, Rutins, Letcher, Mace, Humphrey
Marshall, Martin, McDonald, McMullin, Miller, Millson,
Miner, Molony, Nabers, Outlaw, Samuel W. Parker, Peas-
lee, John Phelps, Russell, Sackett, Schermerhorn, Smith,
Stanly, Benjamin Stantoir, Alexander H. Stephens Stroth-
er, Sutherland, George W. Thompson, Venable, Wallace,
Watkins, Addison White, Wilcox, and Yates—72.
nays—Messrs. Aiken, Andiews, William Appleton,
Thos. II. ISaylv. Bartlelt, Bell, nibighaus, Bowie, Bowne,
llrenton, ISngg's, Busby, E. Carrington Cabell, Caldwell,
Lewis D. Campbell, Thompson Campbell, Cartter.Caskie,
Chandler, Clnuchwell, Olaik, ClinRinan, Cobb, Conger,
Cottman, Disney, Doty, Durkee, Edgeiton, Fitch, Flor-
ence, Fowler, Freeman, Henry M. Fuller, Gamble, Gay-
lord, Guldlllgs, Goodenow, Gieen, Giey, Grow, Sampson
W. ilarns, Ilowaul, John W. Howe, John Johnson, Hub-
ert W. Johnson, George G. King, I-ockliart,Mann, Mason,
McNaii, Meade, Ileniy IJ. Moore, Moruson, Newton, Olds,
Orr, Atuiiew Parker, Penuiman, Powell, Piice, Riddle,
ltobbins, Robinson, Scliooleiaft, Sehooninaker, Scuddcr,
Senriy, David L. Seymour, Origen S. Seymour, Skelton,
Fredeuek P. Stanton, lliehard H. Stanton, Abraham P.
Stevens, Stiatton, Stuait, Sweetser, Thurston, Tovvilshend,
Tuck, Walbndge, Walsh, Welch, and Williams—84.
So the House refused to lay the resolution upon
the table.
The question recurred on seconding the demand
for the previous question.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. I wish to
offer another amendment, if it be in order.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order to offer an
amendment pending the call for the previous
question.
Mr. STANLY. I ask the gentleman from New
Hampshire to withdraw the call for the previous
question.
Mr. TUCK. Will you renew it?
Mr. STANLY. I will.
Mr. TUCK. Then I withdraw the demand for
the previons question.
Mr. COBB, (Mr. Stanly yielding the floor.)
The resolution contemplates that two committees
shall be allowed one clerk each. Now, I have
consulted with the honorable gentlemen who pre-
side over those committees, and I am satisfied
that they ask for nothing that they do not really
need, and that theirobject is to economize. They
are willing that the resolution shall be so altered
as to authorize the employment of one cleik for
both committees, and I hope that amendment will
be proposed by the gentleman from North Caro-
lina.
Mr. STANLY. I approve of the amendment
suggested by the gentleman from Alabama, and I
also wish to add a proviso respecting the time
for which this clerk shall be employed.
The SPEAKER stated the question to be on
the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Sweetser] to the resolution reported from the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. ORR. 1 desire to inquire of the Chair if
the gentleman from Kentucky did not submit a
motion to refer the resolution, which will be first
in order?
The SPEAKER. That is true. The gentle-
man from Kentucky submitted a motion to refer
the resolution to a select committee, with instruc-
tions, and the gentleman from South Carolina
moved that it be referred to the Committee on Ac-
counts with the same instructions.
Mr. ORR. The gentleman from Kentucky ac-
cepted my amendment.
The Clerk then read the motion as modified;
it is as follows:
That the resolution from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs be referred to the Committee on Ac-
counts, with instructions to inquire into the num-
ber of clerks already employed in the service of
this House, and whether the number may not be
reduced without detriment to the public service;
and that they have leave to report by bill or other-
wise.
Mr. STANLY. I have no objection to that
motion, and hope the House will agree to it, and
then adopt an amendment which I want to offer,
and which I suppose would not now be in order.
The amendment I wish to see adopted is this: that
the Committee on Naval Affairs be authorized to
employ a clerk for three or four months, as they
may deem expedient and proper.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I will say to
the gentleman before he goes further, that I would
be peifectly satisfied with that amendment, and I
have no doubt that the other members of the com-
mittee would be satisfied with it. All we desire
is to be able to get our work done.
Mr. STANLY. I have no objection to allow-
ing any committee of this House a clerk to assist
them m preparing their bills; but if we were to
allow them one without limiting the time, 1 know-
that he would be retained during the whole session,
even if we were to sit nine or ten months, as we
did at the last long session. There is not a com-
mittee of this House that does not stand in need
of a clerk, if gentlemen consult their own comfort
and ease. The Committees of Claims, on Pri-
vate Land Claims, on the Judiciary, all need
clerks, and the Committee on Commerce are now-
wanting one and importuning the House to allow
them one. We shall have to authorize every com-
mittee to employ a clerk if they think it necessary,
and then what shall we see? Gentlemen want
clerks who have a large mass of private business
to attend to, like the chairman of the Committee
on Naval Affairs, who says he has been obliged to
pay out of his own pocket for a clerk to attend to his
private business. There are fifty or sixty gentle-
men in the House who are in the same situation.
There is not a man in the House who does not
have occasionally to employ an assistant. Now,
I am against this whole business. If this thing
goes on, eight or ten committees will have clerks
fastened upon them, and we shall have established
the precedent that the committees of this House
arc hereafter to employ clerks. It is not the Dem-
ocratic party alone; we are all men of like pas-
sions and feelings, and when we get into power
we shall want to have clerks also. When a place
cannot be found for a favorite elsewhere, it will be
easy to make one for him here. These places are
expected even now by gentlemen outside of this
House. I think it necessary to put a stop to this
thing at once. If the committee say that it is ne-
cessary for them to have a clerk to enable them to
get on with their business, allow them to employ
one, but limit the time during which he shall be
employed. Do not allow them to employ a clerk
m directing documents for them.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, (Mr. Stanly
