434
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. SO,
anxious that the Committee on Commerce shall
haThe'SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opinion
that all the standing committees are embraced m
the resolution as it now stands. _
Mr. SEYMOUR. I understand it as embra-
cing only the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Rojids and the Committee on Naval Affairs.
I ask that the resolution may be read.
The resolution was read as follows:
Resoled, That the resolution from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, with the amendment, be referred to the Com-
mittee 011 Accounts, with instructions to inquire into the
number of clerks already employed in the service of the
House, and whether the number cannot be reduced without
detriment to the public service, and that they have leave to
report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. SEYMOUR. I do not see that the reso-
lution covers any except two committees. I move
that the amendment which 1 have indicated be in-
serted.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
North Carolina yield the floor for that purpose?
Mr. STANLY. I do not care what amend-
ment is offered.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. I desire to in-
quire if the morning hour has not expired ? #
The SPEAKER. It has expired.
Mr. HARRIS. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Several Members. You cannot do that.
The SPEAKER. According to the rules of
the House, the Chair is under the impression that
the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Harris] can-
not arrest the business of the House to make that
motion. He may move to proceed to the con-
sideration of the business on the Speaker's table,
however, if he desires.
Mr. HARRIS. Then I will change my mo-
tion. I move that the House do now proceed to
the consideration of the business on the Speaker's
table.
Mr. HUNTER. I rise to a question of order.
The gentleman cannot take the floor from the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Seymour] for the
punjose of submitting that motion.
The SPEAKER. By an express rule of the
House the gentleman has the right to make the
motion.
Mr. HUNTER. But has he the right to take
the floor from another member for that purpose?
The SPEAKER. He has the right to arrest
the business of the House, and can take the floor
from another member.
Mr. MASON. I desire to know if this is not
private bill day?
The SPEAKER. It is.
The question was then taken upon the motion
to proceed to the business on the Speaker's table,
anci it was decided in the negative.
The question recurm}. on the motion to refer,
with instructions to the Committee on Accountsthe
resolution for the appointment of a clerk to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York, moved to add
to the instructions the following, viz:
And whether any of the standing committees of the House
require the services of a clerk.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask the gentle-
man from North Carolina [Mr. Stanly] to yield
me the floor for a moment. It is not so much for
the purpose of opposing the appointment of clerks
—for upon that point I believe my opinions are
well known. I will say, however, that I have
served upon this Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads, and I never saw the necessity of a
clerk while I was a member of that committee.
But many of the gentlemen who support this ap-
plication 
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I rise to a
question of order. I do not understand that under
.the rules of the House the gentleman from North
Carolina [Mr. Stanly] can keep the floor and
yield it to whom he pleases in this manner. I
make the point that he has no right to retain the
floor and parcel it out as he pleases.
The SPEAKER. According to universal cus-
tom he may yield it for the purpose of explanation
to whatever gentleman may desire it.
Mr. JONES, (resuming.) It is known that I
am opposed to the appointment of clerks to these
committees, because I believe they are unneces-
sary, and not required. I voted for the appoint-
ment of a clerk to the Committee of Ways and
Means, and being a member of that committee I
am frequently met with the inquiry, Is not there a
clerk in your committee ? There is. And as there
is also something said about the duties of that
clerk, I will say here, that there is one bill from-
that committee—the civil and diplomatic appropri-
ation bill—which requires the services of a clerk.
When the estimates are first sent to the Committee
of Ways and Means, that clerk takes them up and
prepares a paper, ruled in parallel columns, and
headed with the years 1840,1841,1842—and so on
with each year to the last appropriation bill—and
at the left hand thereof he enters the name of each
separate item of expenditure, and opposite each
item and under eacli of the different headings,
enters the amount of expenditure for the various
years embraced in his list; and also under another
heading, enters the amount estimated for the year
for which the appropriation is asked, in order that
the committee may be able to compare the items
of estimates submitted, with the corresponding
appropriations in previous years.
The committee take up this bill, go through it
and determine upon each item, whether they will
allow it, or what corrections they will make in it,
and then the clerk takes it and draws up in form
the result to which the committee has arrived, and
the committee report it to the House. And that
is the case with every general appropriation bill
that comes before that committee. The civil and
diplomatic appropriation, tjie Army appropria-
tion, the Navy appropriation, the pension appro-
priation, all these various bilk, go through this
process by the clerk of that- committee. Then,
sir, here are hundreds of items in this one solitary
bill, the civil and diplomatic bill, and the com-
mittee frequently want information upon this item
and upon that—they want information as to the
amount, or as to thenecessity of the appropriation
asked for. And this information can only be ob-
tained from the different Departments, and the clerk
is charged with the duty, as the organ of the com-
mittee, of going to the different Departments and
offices, to get the necessary information for the
committee to base their action upon. And here I
would remark, that there is more labor for a clerk,
upon this one, the civil and diplomatic appropri-
ation bill, than there was for a clerk to the Post
Office Committee during the whole session of
the Congress, while I was a member of that com-
mittee.
Now the great labor upon the Post Office Com-
mittee when I was a member of it, was to prepare
the general post route bill. But the chairman of
the committe divided out the applications for post
routes to the different members of the committee,
dividing the whole Union into districts, and assign-
ing to each member certain States, to examine the
applications from those States for post routes; and
the members severally made out reports for their
districts, and the chairman put them all together
and made one bill of the whole, and so reported it
to the House.
Mr. STANLY. I perceive my time, which
has mostly been occupied by others, has nearly
expired.
Mr. JONES. The gentleman has informed
me that his time is out, and I will not extend my
remarks.
Mr. STANLY. I have hardly time to move
the previous question. I move the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I presume
that, having reported this resolution, 1 have the
right to make a reply to what has been said.
The SPEAKER. After the previous question
is seconded.
The previous question then received a second,
and the main question was ordered to be put.
Mr. STANTON. I do not intend to occupy
the floor for any length of time.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 rise to a ques-
tion of order. Did not the Chair decide, the
other day, upon my suggestion, that the chair-
man who reported a resolution was not entitled
to an hour to speak until a motion to refer had
been voted down ?
The SPEAKER. That was the decision. The
gentleman is entitled to an hour when the House
comes to a direct vote upon the proposition sub-
mitted, but he thinks that he has no such right
upon the question of reference.
Mr. STANTON. I do not intend to detain
the House, long, if I have an opportunity
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment of the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Seymour;] which amendment-was, "and also
whether any of the standing committees of this
House require the services of a clerk?" and it
\yas agreed to.
' Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Is it now in
order to move to lay the whole subject upon the
table?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. STEPHENS. Then I make that motion.
Mr. STANTO.N . I insist that upon that mo-
tion I have a right to be heard.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the gen-
tleman has no such right.
Mr. STEPHENS. I withdraw my motion to
lay upon the table. I have no objection to let this-
subject go to the Committee Accounts for in-
vestigation .
The question was then taken upon the motion to
refer the resolution, with the instructions, to the-
Committee on Accounts; and it was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the resolution was referred
to the Committee on Accounts, and to lay the
motion to reconsider upon the table; which latter
motion was agreed to.
Mr. DANIEL. I move that the House resolve
itself into a Committee of the Whole House upon
the Private Calendar.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. I renew my
motion, that the rules be suspended, and that the
House resolve itself into a Committee of the
Whole upon the stateof the Union upon the special
orders.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois. I rise to a privi-
leged motion. I move that when this House ad-
journs to-day, it adjourn to meet on Monday next
at twelve o'clock.
[Cries of "That's right!" " That's right!"]
Mr. GOODENOW demanded the yeas and nays
upon the motion; which were not ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was agreed
to.
Mr. FLORENCE. I suppose reports from the
Committee on Naval Affairs are still in order?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from North
Carolina [Mr. Daniel] moves, that the House
resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole upon
the Private Calendar 
Mr. SEYMOUR,of NewYork. I wishtosug-
gest to the gentleman from North Carolina, the
chairman of the Committee of Claims, in reference
to his motion, that the members of the House have
not been provided this morning with the usual
calendar of business.
Voices. " Yes they have." " Here they are."
Mr. SEYMOUR. They have been laid upon
the tables of some of the members, but not of a
great majority; and 1 have been informed that the
supply furnished by the printer has been dis-
tributed, but there is not enough for more than one
third of the members. I hope the gentleman will,
under the circumstances, withdraw his motion,
and let us go into Committee of the Whole on the
stateof the Union.
The SPEAKER. Gentlemen will recollect that
the proposition is not debatable.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I only want to
say to the gentleman from New York, that here
j is the Calendar, and I was wonderfully struck
11 with the superior paper upon which it has been
I] printed.
II The SPEAKER. The Chair must arrest this
11 conversation. It is out of order.
!: Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. What is the
I order of business if the rales are not suspended?
" The SPEAKER. The call for reports from
committees will be continued until finished.
Mr. CABELL. If it is in order, I wish to call
j the attention of the chairman of the Committee of
Claims [Mr. Daniel] to the 
The SPEAKER. The Chair will be compelled
to arrest this conversation.
The question was then taken upon the motion
of Mr. Harris, of Tennessee, that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole upon the special orders;
and it was disagreed to.
The question recurring upon the motion of Mr.
Daniel, that the House resolve itself into a Com-
