1846
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 12,
array&l here as argument or precedent in this case,
is a species of pettyfoggmg which a township jus-
tice's court would rule inapplicable.
Mr. STANTON. The gentleman's zeal against
coaMtion did not happen tobe aroused at that time.
Ml". STANLY. Without intending to impeach
the motives of my friend from Indiana, 1 will tell
the gentleman from Kentucky, that he will find it
about the time-Mr. Ritchie complimented the gen-
tleman from Indiana " as able, accomplished, and
eloquent." [Laughter.]
Mr. STANTON. I thought there must have
been some reason for his silence.
Mr. FITCH. I wish the gentleman from North
Carolina would show me the compliment. I am
as fond of compliments as himself, though not of
the character of some he has received.
• Mr. STANLY. I made a speech last session
referring to it, and I will show it to the gentleman,
Mr. FITCH. The gentleman's speeches are al-
ways complimentary—to himself! if not to others.
Mr. STANTON. Another point in this con-
troversy which disturbs the equanimity of the gen-
tleman from Indiana, and has afforded him a wide
field for the exercise of his peculiar characteristics,
is the prices the committee have agreed to pay
Donelson & Armstrong and Gideon & Co. for
the work they may do. Now, Mr. Speaker, the
. resolutions to which I have referred, as part of the
reportof Mr. McWillie, and which the gentleman
quietly permitted to be acted upon in the House,
without any exhibition of rage, such as we have
seen to-day, not only proposed to form a coalition
between the leading Whig and Democratic organs
in this city, but actually proposed to pay them
not less than twenty-five per cent, higher than we
shall have to pay Donelson & Armstrong and
Gideon & Co.! Here, sir, are the resolutions in
the handwrititing of Mr. McWillie, of whom it
may be said, a bettci Democrat, or a more high-
toned gentleman, never occupied a seat upon this
floor. I will read from the manuscript:
"Sec. 2. *dndhe it furthers esolveil, That Thomas Ritchie*
and Gales &, Seaton lie appointed by the two Nouses to
execute the printing contracted for by the said William M.
Belt, for the remainder of the Thirty-first Uongiess, at the
price of thirty-five per cent, reduction for short numbers, and
forty-five per cent, reduction for numbers above five thou-
sand on the prices of printing fixed by the joint resolution
of the 3d March, 1819, and that the said Thomas Ritchie
and Messrs. Gales & Seaton be required to give bond with
good and sufficient secuiitics," he.
Here was a proposition to release William M.
Belt and his securities from their contract—to
abrogate it entirely. Not only to do this, but to
form a coalition between adverse party organs,
and give them very high prices, greatly beyond
those provided for in the contract made with the
Union and the Republic, which areat least fifty-five
or sixly per cent, below the prices of 1819. The
gentleman from Indiana saw nothing terrible in
all this. He startled neither at the coalition nor
the prices, but sat quietly in his seat, and permit-
ted the report to be proposed to the House and
acted upon. So little impression did it make upon
his calm and placid mind, that the whole matter
had, until now, faded from his recollection.
I maintain, sir, that the Joint Committee on
Printing has, in no respect, transcended the plain
requirements of the law. We have attempted,
according to the best dictates of our judgments
and consciences, to adhere to them in ait respects.
The duty imposed upon us by law was, to provide
against the delinquency of the contractor, and
"remedy his neglect and delay.'.' The gentle-
man, in his excessive zeal to find fault with the
committee, very absurdly denies that we have
power to do what the law in such plain language
commands. He assumes the ridiculous position,
that no matter what may be the future " neglect
or delay" of the contractor, if in any arrangement
to protect Congress against present and past de-
faults of this kind, we provide for tliose to take
place hereafter, we " trample upon the law," and
transcend our powers. A most sage conclusion,
truly, and worthy of the enlightened mind which
makes it!
Suppose, at the commencement of the session,
or now. the contractor should refuse to execute
any of the work ordered by the House, end make
no provision for it whatever; suppose it was ap-
parent to a!i, that he was neither willing nor pre-
pared to execute the varfous items of work as they
were ordered each day by the House: what,
under these circumstances, would be the duty of
the committee ? According to the learned exposi-
tion of the law, made by the astute gentleman
fropn Indiana, we must quietly wait until a reason-
able time has elapsed fur him to execute the work,
and then give out each single job as it arrives,
after having afforded him an opportunity to do it, I
and make a new contract for every job to be done. I
That is the process, in the view of the honorable j
gentleman, which the law requires the committee j
to pursue. Is there another member of this House
stupid enough to believe that.such is the character i
of the law? It requires no such absurd procedure, j
Under the authority "to adopt such measures as j
may be deemed necessary to remedy the neglect I
and delay of the public printer," the committee j
are authorized to provide for prospective as well
as past delinquencies, and there would be no wis-
dom in the law if such power were not given.
The committee have not yet given any work to
these men. We have only entered into such an
engagement with them as the law authorized, to
do that work which the contractor could not, or
would not do. Such a contract is more economi-
cal and wiser than to let out each job as it occurs.
In this very report, to which we refer, we tell the
House that it is a temporary expedient, intended
to last only until the House shall take some action
upon the subject, and relieve the committee from
it. That is a matter which the gentleman over-
looks. I have no design to put money in the hands
of the Republic, for the purpose of enabling that
paper the better to fight the Democratic party of
the Union. 1 could have no design of that land.
All that I designed to do, and all that 1 believe any
member of the committee designed to do, was to
secure to this House and the Senate, that descrip-
tion of printing which they needed for legislative
purposes, and which had been unnecessarily de-
layed by the public printer. We tried, as the
House knows, and as the country knows, if the
country pays any attention to this discussion, for
two months, to give it to Donelson & Armstrong,
but failed to do it; and we were compelled, as a
last alternative, to take the Republic or have no
printing done. The gentleman, too. complains
about the prices, and says that we ought to have
takenTowers'sbid. Wetook Rives's bid, which,
upon the printing yet to be done, was supposed by
the committee to be lower than Towers's bid, but
the contractors would not consent to receive those
prices. To end the dispute, and to adopt a fair
scale of prices which would afford a moderate and
reasonable profit, we called upon three of the best
printers in the city—practical men, who stood high
m their profession as well as in the community as
gentlemen—and asked them to submit to us an
estimate of what would be reasonable prices. They
did so, and their estimates were presented to the
committee. That committee, after examining and
comparing the thiee statements, found that John
T. Towers's estimate was lower than all the rest,
and that it is made upon business principles. There
was no trick m it—no putting up one item high
ami another down low, to entitle him to the con-
tract.
Every gentleman in this House knows how
bids are made. Take up Mr. Rives's bid, for in-
stance, when he desired to get the public printing,
and you will see, that for some pages of printing
he bid only two cents, while on others he charged
$1 25. He put it down low upon some items, ex-
j petting to make up his loss upon others; and so it
| runs all through the bid. Such bids are not fair
business estimates from which to make a scale of
'prices. We took Towers's estimate, because it
| was the lowest one submitted to us. The gentle-
. man says it differs some fifteen or thirty per cent.
| from Towers's bid. Mr. Towers, I understand,
j did not say so. The whole difference, summing
[ up the average of all, would not exceed five or ten
] per cent, over his bid provided all the work were
j done. You must recollect that there is only a
; remnant of the work to be done, and that only in
small jobs. A man can afford to do a large quan-
tity of work a great deal cheaper than he can a
small one.
The gentleman has arraigned the committee for
defying the instructions of the House, and says
that we have set ourselves above it, and deter-
mined not to obey its orders. The gentleman mis-
understands, or misrepresents us, when he makes
such a charge. We do not place ourselves in any
such position. We say, if such an enlightened
gentleman will tell us how we can obey those in-
structions, we are willing to try and do it. I would
be glad if he would point out the way in which
we can obey them, organized and constituted as
the Committee on Public Printing is. We were
told to do—what ? We were told by this House to
advertise and let out the contract to the lowest
bidder. The instructions were not to the three
members of the House committee, although, 1
confess, if the House had instructed us, we would
have felt bound, to the best of our ability, to obey
the instructions, because we deemed ourselves at
the time under the control of the House. The in-
structions went to the whole committee. Now,
you tell the whole committee, the members of the
Senate as well as of the House, to do a thing which
they have no powertodo under the circumstances,
having already adopted the means required by the
law, to remedy the evil provided against. You
ask, by your resolutions of instruction, that these
means, thus adopted, shall be abandoned, and
others substituted. You instruct the jointcommit-
tee to annul its contracts, and let out the work to
the lowest bidder. The members of the Senate
upon that committee, maintain that you have no
jurisdiction over them, and they are not bound to
obey your instructions. How can the three mem-
bers of the House, acting alone, and without the
concurrence of the three from the Senate, carry
out your instructions so as to make them effective ?
The Senate members will not recognize your au-
thority, and annul contracts made in pursuance of
law, without the consent of the other parties to
them. How are we three to do so?—and I trust
the gentleman from Indiana will point out the
mode. 1 hope that if he shall succeed me upon
the committee, he will at least make an effort to
carry the instructions into effect. Let him unite
with the other members of the committee from the
House, attach his name to an advertisement call-
ing for bids, and insert it in the public papers.
The Senate part of the committee will not act with
you, and what would be the effect of your action?
If any printer should.think proper to send you
proposals, what would you do with them ? Could
you make a contract that would be binding upon
the Government, or valuable to the parties con-
tracting with you? Most assuredly not; for it re-
quires a majority of the whole committee to act,
and your action would be neutralized by the votes
of the members of the Senate.
I contend that the case is an analogous one to
tharof the Regents of the Smithsonian Institution.
Undpr that law, which I have before me, it is pro-
vided that there shall be three Regents appointed
by the Speaker of the House of Representatives
and three by the Senate, who, with the Vice Pres-
ident and some one else, shall constitute the Board
of Regents. That Board of Regents are instructed
by this act to do certain things. Discretion is
given to them to build houses. The manner in
which these houses shall be built is pointed out.
Does the gentleman pretend that we have a right
to introduce resolutions instructing that Board of
Regents to do differently from what the law au-
thorizes them to do? I know the gentleman is not
silly enough for that. I know, with all his dispo-
sition to distort, misrepresent, and change the
character of the facts, that certainly he is not silly
enough to stand up and assert such doctrine as
this, that this House, without the concurrence of
the Senate and President of the United States,
could direct and control him in his conduct, and
make htm do what the law absolutely forbids him
to do. He is a member of this House, as I am.
I tell the gentleman, in the management of that
institution, in the opinion of many, they have not
only violated the law, but they have indulged in a
ridiculous absurdity in the manner in which they
have constructed the building, and that absurdity
has been perpetuated in the manner in which they
have given documents and publications to the
world. Mr. Smithson, who bequeathed the
funds to endow that institution, never designed
that publications such as have been given to the
world by its managers should be the only charac-
ter of works disseminated by that establishment.
The object of the institution was to diffuse useful
knowledge amongst mankind, and works of more
elementary and practical value were contemplated,
if that were the mode he designed his intentions
should be accomplished. Suppose this House
should undertake to instruct that gentleman, and
put a stop to such proceedings. Suppose this
House were to undertake the ridiculous folly of
