1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1347
instructing the whole of that Board, composed of
the Vice President of the United States, the Mayor
of the city of Washington, and several Senators,
would the gentleman from Indiana think such in-
structions obligatory upon those gentlemen, and
would he say that they were compelled to carry
them out in violation of the law?
Mr. FITCH. I answer the gentleman with
pleasure. But first, let me inform the gentleman,
that notwithstanding his supercilious fluency about
the silliness of any member, or even of the whole
House, differing with him in opinion, and pre-
suming to instruct him, or question the infallibility
of his knowledge 01* his judgment, I shall venture
to enlighten his understanding, or correct his ob-
liquity of moral vision upon a subject upon which
he professes to be well informed, and to speak
" from the book." The Regents of the Smithso-
nian Institution have no control, and wish to exer-
cise none, over its publications. They are in the
charge of other officers of the Institution, by the
side of whose intelligence and qualifications those
of the gentleman [Mr. Stanton] would shine like
a farthing candle under the glare of a bright noon-
day sun. His judgment to be consulted as to the
character of these publications!! Well, that is
rich I But would we obey instructions if they
were sent us by the House? I have already said
" Yes." We acknowledge the right to send such
instructions, and they would be obeyed. And I
will tell the gentleman what we would not do. We
would not ask the Senate portion and other mem-
bers of the Board to agree in a declaration that
the House could not instruct the entire Board, and
cloak under that declaration our refusal—the refu-
sal of the House Regents—to obey instructions,
in order to permit us to persist in a plan upon
which we had previously determined, in violation
of the known wishes of the House, and of the
law. We would not place such construction upon
a law as to answer our own purposes, and then
modestly place that construction in opposition to
one entertained by the House, and tell them our
construction or none must be acted on. 1 repeat,
the House has the right to instruct its portion of
the Regents relative to the care and disposition of
the Smithsonian funds, and if they are likely to
be squandered and wasted, to direct them to be
applied in accordance with the law and its inten-
tion. And I do not believe the Regents are so
wise in their own estimation as to esteem their
opinion of the law and its intention as more valu-
able or more binding than that of the House.
Mr. STANTON. That is nothing more than
we have done, and nothing more than we have
reported to the House. We have told the House
that we are willing to carry out the instructions,
where it does not produce a violation of the law,
and where we are not neutralized by a vote upon
the other side of the Capitol of an equal number.
But the gentleman from Indianadoesnot maintain
that Senators would be bound by instructions
from this House, or that they could reach the
Vice President, Mayor, and others. I have de-
tained the House long enough, and the only re-
mark I will make in conclusion is this 
Mr. VENABLE. I wish to make only a sin-
gle remark before the gentleman is through. It is
simply to present the'true state of facts in regard
to the report from Mr. McWillie. I had a recol-
lection of the facts as they occurred, and I find
that I am right, for I went into the Library of
Congress for the purpose of finding out what was
the history of that transaction. I find that Mr.
McWillie made the report. Democrats, unfortu-
nately, like Whigs, do wrong sometimes. A
proposition was made, the paper which he has
before him, and came before the House. The sub-
ject was discussed and referred, but upon that
proposition there has never been a vote. I wanted
the history and records of the House, to show
that whoever made that report made a blunder. I
never would have voted for it.
A Voice. You ought to have said so at the
time.
Mr. VENABLE. I never shoot at anything
until the mark is before me, for it would be a waste
of ammunition.
Mr. STANTON. I intended to say, Mr.
Chairman, in conclusion 
Mr. VENABLE. Will the gentleman from
Kentucky permit me to say, that I thought it im-
portant to say, in the investigation of this mat-
ter—a matter which I think it is important for the
country to understand, and the House to come to
a proper conclusion upon—that report was made
by the chairman of the Committee on Printing,
[Mr. McWillie,] which never met the approba-
tion of the House, which was referred to tne com-
mittee, and which never came back, and upon
which this House never voted. I have hunted up
the Journal, and I was satisfied that my memory
was right upon the subject.
Mr. STANTON. All I designed to say about
this report was, that it had been presented to the
House by a distinguished Democrat not now a
member. Although it contained a proposition sim-
ilar to the one now proposed by the Committee
on Printing, yet it had not attracted the attention
of the honorable gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Fitch,] and had been quietly referred to the com-
mittee, and permitted to pass off without exciting
his indignation. All 1 intend to say now, in con-
clusion, is this: whether the House vote to sus-
tain the law or not, I am conscious of having
attempted honestly to perform my duty, and in 110
respect whatever, m connection with this matter,
have I had any other object m view than to get
thepubhcprintmgdoneasspeedily as possible. I
am under obligations to the gentleman from Ten- ;
nessee [Mr. Polk] to renew the motion that the
House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union upon the special
order, and I do so accordingly.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I rise to a
question of order. The question of order that I
make is this: That the last resolution of this se-
ries is not m order, because it is not germane to
the subject. The resolution proposes to dismiss
the committee, and I submit that that is not ger-
mane to the subject.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will examine the
resolution, and reserve its decision on the point of
order, until the question shall arise.
Mr. STANTON. What is the motion now
pending?
The SPEAKER. To go into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, on the spe-
cial order.
Mr. STANTON. When will this matter come
up again, if we go into committee now ?
The SPEAKER. It will be the first business
in order in the House, just as a report from any
other committee would be.
Mr. STANTON. And we adjourn over from to-
morrow 'ill Monday?
The SPEAKER. That is the order of the
House, and the Chair presumes it will be executed.
Mr. STANTON. Then this resolution will not
come up again for two weeks? I hope the House
will not c;n into committee.
Mr. HOUSTON. You cannot dispose of the
resolution to-day; so we may as well go into
committee.
HOUR OF MEETING TO-MORROW.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Before we go
into committee, I will state to the House that it
has been usual, when the House adjourns over for
the purpose of having the Hall refitted, to adjourn
on the day preceding that fixed for the adjourn-
ment over, until eight o'clock the following morn-
ing, and then to adjourn immediately, so as to en-
able the hands to go to work at once, and clean the
Hall. If there be no objection, I move that, when
the House adjourns to day, it adjourn to meet at
eight o'clock to-morrow morning.
There being no objection, the motion was con-
sidered and agreed to.
ARRANGEMENT OF THE HALL.
Mr. MEACHAM. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. It is now agreed thatweare to adjourn over
from to-morrow till Monday next; and I desire to
move, that when the Hall is'rearranged , the chairs
for members, which have been placed in the front
. area, and by the sides of the aisles, be removed.
| I have only to say that, for the last four months,
I have had to travel round by the passage, outside
the bar, to get to my seat, because the aisle lead-
ing to it has been blocked up with these chairs.
M r. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Well, it is very
good exercise for you to travel round. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. POLK. I move to increase the gentleman s
mileage, so as to allow him for this extra travel.
[Renewed laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee is out of order. The Chair is not inclined
to regard the proposition of the gentleman from
Vermont as a privileged question.
Mr. MEACHAM. I move, then, that the
chairs be removed.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in or-
der.
Mr. STANLY. Is not a question in< regard to
a seat upon this floor a question of privilege? Can -
I have a chair put for me in the area, in front of
the chairs which are already there?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that such
a question is not one of privilege.
Mr. MEACHAM. How, then, is the evil to
be remedied?
The SPEAKER. The proposition of the gen-
tleman relates to the convenience of members 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas,-(interrupting.)
Mr. Speaker  
The SPEAKER. Order! order! Only one gen-
tleman can speak at a time.
Mr. JOHNSON. Well, sir, who has the floor
now ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has the floor.
[Laughter.] This proposition relates to the con-
venience of members and the arrangement of the
Hall; and, in the opinion of the Chair, it is not a
question of privilege.
Mr. STANLY. I do not wish to appeal from
the decision of the Chair; but suppose I have no
seat here at all—that they are all occupied?
The SPEAKER. The Chair doubts very much
whether it is not his duty to order those chairs to
be removed. The Chair will think of it, however,
as the proposition to removethem has been made.
Mr. MEACHAM. I wish to ask the Chair,
how the evil can be corrected, if it is not a matter
of privilege?
The SPEAKER. It can be corrected by a mo-
tion made in order, as any other proposition can
be offered in regard to the building, or to the im-
provement of the Hall.
Mr. MEACHAM. Can I make the motion
now ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
gentleman cannot, and that this conversation is all
out of order.
Mr. STANLY. When can the gentleman make
the motion ?
The SPEAKER. He can suspend the rules on
Monday, or introduce it as a report, or as a bill,
or in any of the forms known to our rules.
Mr. STANLY. In that way he can never get
at it. *
The SPEAKER. Thatis the fault of therules,
and the misfortune of the House.
Mr. HOUSTON. I insist on the vote being
taken on the motion to go into committee.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. 1 submit that
all this conversation is out of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has decided that
it is out of order.
Mr. ORR. I desire to express the opinion that
it was the duty of the Speaker to have these chairs
removed. They got in here without authority,
and it is the duty of the Speaker to order the
Doorkeeper to remove them.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I desire to say
that I do not concur with the gentleman from
South Carolina.
The SPEAKER. This conversation is not in
order.
Mr. FOWLER. 1 wish to make an inquiry
respecting this matter, and it is this 
llie SPEAKER. The Chair decides that any
inquiry in regard to these chairs in the area is not
in order.
Mr. FOWLER. Then I makeanother inquiry,
and that is- 
[Cries of "Order!" "Order!"]
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts rises to a question of order, he has a
right to state it; otherwise, he is not in order.
Mr. FOWLER. I ask if it would not be in
order for the gentlemen who occupy these seats
in the area, to go and take the seats which they
drew at the coffimon',Am'> t ^ session ?
[Laughter.]
The SPEAKER.
order. [Laughter.]
Mr. STANLY. If I were to appeal from the
decision of the Chair, would that open the doo#
to debate upon this question?
The SPEAKER. The Chair believe that it
tatou^
commencement of the session t
It would be perfectly in
