4SB
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. SO,
tKis House has been both ways. Very many of
these petitions have been referred to the Commit-
tee oil IN"avu 1 AflUira; and man^ of thein, also,
have been referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions. The appropriate duties of these com-
mittees, it seems to me, can be ascertained by re-
ferring to the rules establishing the committees, and
defining their, duties. Now, upon reference to
the rules in relation to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, I find " that it shall be the duty of the
' Committee on Invalid Pensions to take into con-
' sideration, all such matters respecting invalid
' pensions as shall be referred to them by the
'House."
The rule does not say, invalid pensions arising
from service in the military establishments of the
country, but it says, "all such matters respecting
invalid pensions as shall be referred to them by
the House."
When I refer to the other rule defining the du-
ties of the Committee on Naval Affairs, I find it
provides that "it shall be the duty of the Com-
Jnittee on Naval Affairs to take into consideration
all matters which concern the naval establish-
ment, and which shall be referred to them by the
House, and to report their opinion thereupon;and
also to report, from time to time, such measures
as may contribute to economy and accountability
in the said establishment."
It seems to me perfectly clear, under this defini-
tion of the duties of the Committee on Naval
Affairs, that those petitions relating to invalid
pensions do not go before the committee on Na-
val Affairs, but to the committee on Invalid Pen-
sions, according to the express terms of the rule
defining the duties of that committee.
Mr. KUHNS demanded the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered, wlucli was upon recom-
mitting the memorials to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions.
The question was then taken, and it was agreed
to.
* Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee, from the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions, made ail adverse
report on the petition of Mary Perrigo, of New
York, for arrears of pensions due to her late hus-
band; which was ordered to he on the table.
Mr. HAVEN. I desire to inquire if there is a
report accompanying the paper? If so, I ask that
it be printed. I think the rule should be adopted
in all canes to print adverse reports.
Mr. HARRIS moved that the report He upon
the table and be printed.
There being no objection, it was so ordered.
Mr, HARRIS, of Tennessee, from the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions, made an adverse
report oil the memorial of Nathaniel A. Willis,
pi. lying for arrearages of pensions from IK't!) to
I nr.!); winch was ordered to lie on the table and
be printed.
Mr. KASTMAN, from the Committee on In-
valid Pensions, reported the following bills; which
were severally read a first and seeond time by
their titles, referred to a Committee of the Whole
IIou.se, made the order of the day for to-morrow,
and, with the reports accompanying, ordered to
be primed, viz:
A bill for the relief of the late George Cussady;
A biil for the relief of John Haven; and
A biil for the relief of William Dwellys.
Mr. EASTMAN, from the same committee,
made adverse report;; in the following cases, which
were ordered to lieon the table and be printed, vi/.:
The petition of Fielding G. Crown, asking for
ait invalid pension for injuries 111 tiie service of
the United States; and
The petition of John 0. Hodge, of Cleveland,
Ohio, now receiving a pension for disability, ask-
ing for an increase of pension.
Mr. CLINGMAN entered a motion for the
reconsideration of the case of Fielding G. Brown.
On motion by Mr. EASTMAN, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Invalid Pensions bo
dischiugod; rreiiii the further consideration of the petition of
Robert Ciib-'on for a pension, as an invalid in the war of
loi2 5 and it was ordered to he on the table.
Mr. MARTIN, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported the following bills; which were
seveially lead a first and second time by their
titles, referred to a Committee of the Whole, and
rtiade the order of the day for to-morrow, and,
with the reports accompanying, ordered to be
printed, viz:
A bill for the relief of Anthony Walter Bay-
ard; and
A bill for the relief of David Murphy, of Ohio.
Mr. MARTIN, from tbesam&committee, made
adverse reports in the following cases; which were
ordered to lie on the table, and be'printed, viz;
The petition of Clemens Eaton, for arrears of
pension;
The petition of Henry and Robert Blow, of
Tennessee, for arrears of pension for sendees in
the war with Great Britain in 1812;
The petition of Daniel Hager, jr., of Scoharie
county, New York, for arrears of pension;
The petition of John Davenport, of Missouri,
for arrearages of pension from 1824 to 1844;
The petition of the heirs of Robert H. Dysen,
of Tennessee, on account of services during the
war with Great Britain, and the more recent wars
with the Indians;
The petition of Hall Hutson, for a pension on
account of disability in the war of 1812; and
The petition of Brooksey Bell, of Washington
county, Tennessee, asking for an increase of pen-
sion to ยง8 per month.
The petition of Lucy Morrison, of Kentucky,
the widow of Archibald Morrison, for a pension
on account of the death of her husband from dis-
ease contracted in the service of the United States;
The petition of David Troxell, of Tennessee,
asking for an invalid pension; and s
The petition of Thomas Russell, a disabled me-
chanic, of the National Armory at Harper's Fer-
ry, asking to be placed on the pension roll.
Mr. MARTIN said the latter was a case of
great hardship, but could not be admitted without
forming a new class of cases.
Mr. KUHNS, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported the following bills; which were
seveially read a fnst and second time by their
titles, referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, and made the order of the day for to-
morrow, and, with the reports accompanying,
ordered to be printed, viz:
A bill for the relief of Elizabeth E. V. Fields,
the widow of Captain G. P. Fields, of the United
States Army;
A bill for the relief of Henry Miller, a soldier
in the war of 1812; and
A bill for the relief William Lynch, a soldier in
the late war with Great Britain.
Mr. KUHNS, from the same committee, made
an adverse report in the cose of Moses Olmstead,
of New York, for a pension; which was ordered
to lie on the table, and be printed.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Ohio, from the Committee
on Invalid Pensions, made an adverse report on
the petition of David Montgomery, for arrears of
his invalid pension for disability incurred in the
war of 1812; which was ordered to lie on the table,
and be printed.
On motion by Mr. JOHNSON, of Ohio,
Ordered, That the Committor* on Invalid Pensions be
di>ch.ti!ied fiuin the further consideration ot the petition of
Sain Slick, of PcnnsjIvnma, asking for a pension
for soivici^iendured by Ins father xn the revolutionary war,
and that the same be referred to the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Pensions.
#Mr, PRICE, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions,reported the following bills; which were
severally read a first and second time by their ti-
tles, referred to a Committee of the "Whole House,
made the order of the day for to-morrow, and or-
dered to lie printed, together with the accompany-
ing reports, viz:
A bill for the relief of Jonas D. Piatt, of New
York; and %
A bill for an increase of pension to Henry Click,
of Cocke county, Tennessee.
Mr. JONES, of New York, from the Commit-
tee on Invalid Pensions, reported the following bills;
which were severally read a first and second time
by their titles,referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, and made the order of the day for to-mor-
row, and, with the reports accompanying, ordered
to be printed, viz:
A bill for the relief of Charles Staple; and
A bill for the relief of Aaron Stafford, a soldier
of the late war with Great Britain.
JONES, of New York, from the Commit-
tee on Invalid Pensions, reported back Senate bill
for the relief of Margaret L. Worth, widow of the
late General "Worth, of the United States Army,
without amendment,-and moved its reference to a
Committee of the Whole House, that it be made
the order of the day for to-morrow, and be printed.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. I ask the gen-
tleman from New York to withdraw his motion
for a moment, to enable me to offer an amendment
to that bill to go with it to the Committee of the
Whole House.
Mr. JONES, withdrew his motion.
Mr. HARRIS then moved to amend the bill by-
striking out all after the enacting clause, and in-
serting in lieu thereof the following:
That the Secretary of the Interior be, and be is hereby di-
rected to place the name of Mw. Margaret L. Worth, Widow
of the late General Woith,upon the pension roll at the late
of thirty dollars per month, to commcnce on the day of
 , and to continue for five years : Provided, That in case
of the death or marriage of the said Mis. MargaretL. Worth
befoie the expiration ot the said five years, the pension, for
the remainder of the time, shall be paid to the children of
the said General Worth, if there be any under the age of
sixteen years, and if there be no children under the age of
sixteen yeais, ?>aid pension &hall cease.
On motion by Mr. JONES, of New York, the
bill, with the amendment thereto, was then referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, made the
order of the day for to-morrow, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. JONES, of New York, from the Commit-
tee on Invalid Pensions, made adverse reports on
the following cases; which were ordered to lie on
the table, and be printed, viz:
, The petition of Moses Cremer,for arrearages of
invalid pension, on account of disability incurred
in the military service of the United States;
The petition of Samuel Smith, of Maine, for ar-
rearages of pension;
The petitioner John Pearl, of Maine, forarrear-
ages of pension;
The petition of Peter Frost, for arrearages of
pension;
The petition of Abraham Pettingill,foran inva-
lid pension;
The petition of Joshua Lewis, a disabled me-
chanic in the armory at Harper's Ferry;
The petition of John Harrington, for a back
pension;
The petition of Shebal Adams, for a pension on
account of disability from exposure in the service
of the United States;
The petition of Cornelius Zielie,for a back pen-
sion;
The petition of Lewis Robert, for a pension on
account of disability incurred in the war of 1812;
and
The petition of John English, for a pension for
a disability incurred in the service of the United
States in the late war with Great Britain.
Mr. MOLONY, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported the following bills; which were
severally read a first and second time by their
titles, referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, made the order of the day for to-morrow,
! and ordered to be printed, together with the ac-
companying reports, viz:
, A bill for the relief of B. B. Bennett; and
I A bill for the relief of Maurice Simons,
i Mr. MOLONY asked theunanimous consent of
) the House to introduce a bill, of which previous
: notice had been given.
i Mr. SACKETT objected.
! Mr. MOLONY, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, made adverse reports in the following
: cases; which were ordered to lie on the table and
i he printed, viz:
; The petition of Catharine Clark, the adminis-
; tratrix of Joseph Clark, for a pension;
; The petition of Robert Trevitt, for arrearages
| of pension; and
1 The petition of Aaron Adams, of Grant county,
j Kentucky, asking for the increase of his invalid
pension.
Mr. MOLONY moved that the Committee on
Invalid Pensions be discharged from the further
consideration of the petition of Asa Leach, for a
pension on account of wounds received in the
naval service, and that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. CABELL moved that the petition be re-
committed to the Committee on invalid Pensions;
which motion was agreed to.
On motion by Mr. MOLONY, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Invalid Pensions be
discharged from the further consideration of the petition of
Phoebe Thompson, the widow of John Thompson, for a
pension, and that it do He on the table.
