1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Ml
Mr. ROBINSON, from the Committee on Roads
and Canals, reported a bill to set apart and sell to
Asa Whitney, of New York, a portion of the
public lands to enable him to construct a railroad
from Lake Michigan or the Mississippi river to
the Pacific ocean; which was read a first and sec-
ond time by its title.
Mr. R. moved to refer it to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the -Union, and that it
be printed.
Mr. DUNHAM moved to refer it to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. HALL. I hope that this bill will not be !■
referred to the Committee on "Public Lands. It j
has been considered thoroughly by one of the it
committees of this House, which is certainly <as
competent to consider it as is the Committee on jj
Public Lands, and the result of their labors is be- j!
fore the House. I can see no reason why it i|
should be referred to the Committee on Public i
Lands. Tliat committee has already as much
business as it can attend to. |!
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Did not the
bill come from the Committee on Roads and Ca- >
iials ? |'
Mr. ROBINSON. It did; and that committee jj
have had it before them ever since it has been in ]!
Congress. j;
The question was first taken upon Mr. Robin-
son's motion, and the bill was referred to the i'
Committee of the Whole on the state of the j
Union, and ordered to be printed. i
Mr. ROBINSON, from the same committee, re-
ported back a bill for the improvement of Rock ;
Island and De Moines Rapids in the Mississippi :
river, with an amendment; which was referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. It. also, from the same committee, reported
the following bills; which were read severally a
first and second time by their titles, referred to the
Committee of the Wholeon the state of the Union,
and ordered to be printed, viz:
A bill for the construction of military roads in !
the Territory of Oregon;
A bill for the improvement of the navigation of
the Arkansas river;
A bill for the improvement of the navigation",of 1
the Ohio river, between Pittsburg and the fulls W) .1
Louisville; " !
A bill for the improvement of the navigation of !
the Ohio river below the falls at Louisville, and of :
the Mississippi river; and 'l
A bill for the improvement of the navigation of
the Missouri river.
Mr. JOHN W. HOWE, from the Committee !
on Roads and Canals, reported bock, without ■
amendment, House bill No. 68, being a bill to I
provide for the survey of sites for certain artificial 1
reservoirs to be constructed at the main affluence
of the Ohio river, in accordance with the plans |
heretofore submitted by Charles Ellet, jr., and 1
for other purposes; which was referred to the
Committee of the AVhole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio; from the Committee 1
on Roads and Canals, reported back, with an
amendment, House bill to provide for the con-
struction of a ship canal around the falls of the
Ste. Marie river, at the mouth of Lake Superior;
which was referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, from the Com- :
mittee on Public Buildings, made an adverse re-
port on the memorial of certain laborers on the :
public buildings, asking for ah increase of wages;
which was ordered to lie on the table and be
printed.
Mr. S., from the same committee, reported a
bill to authorize the Secretary of War to purchase
of Mr. William H. Winder, the building now in
the occupancy of the Government, situated on the
corner of Seventeenth and P streets, in the city of
Washington; which was read a first and second
time by its title, and referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. THURSTON, from the Committee on
Patents, reported a bill for the relief of Hiram
Moore and John Hascal, for the renewal of a
patent on a reaping and thrashing machine; which
was read a first and second time by its title.
Mr. T. moved to put the bill on its passage.
[Cries of " Read the bill!"] jj
The bill was then read through by the Clerk, ij
Mr. THURSTON. That is an important in-;|
vention. The patent expired in 1850, and is of -
no benefit to the inventor at nil. He can only '
use it himself. He has expended about $30,000 ,
in perfecting the machine. I hope it will be the
pleasure of the House to pass the bill. ;
Mr. SACKETT. I move to refer the bill to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the '
Union, and that it be printed. i;
Mr. CARTTER. Do I understand the gentle-
man from Rhode Island, [Mr. Thurston,] to
move to put that bill on its passage ? >,
Mr. THURSTON. Yes, sir. j
Mr. CARTTER. I desire to make a few re- ,
marks with reference to the propriety of passing
this bill now, if the committee will listen to me.
I wish to say to the House, in the first place, that
this bill-;  ,
Mr. DUNHAM. I rise to a question of order.
I ask whether the vote has not been taken on re- , j
ferring this bill to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union ?
The SPEAKER. It has not been taken.
Mr. CARTTER. I do not wish to detain the ;
House five minutes. The bill proposes to renew :
the patent rights of Hascall & Moore, in their '
harvesting machine—not a common thrashei,or :
separator, or a reaper, but a combination of the
whole, and in conflict with none of them—a ma- !,
chine that has just been perfected under fourteen
years of labor, and from which the inventors have
never drawn a fartlung. It is a machine that can-
not come in conflict with any existing machine.
It is one that augments the agricultural facilities, j
for reaping, cleaning, and gathering grain. The 1
inventors have been made poor in the process of
perfecting their invention, which process has cov-
ered the entire period for which the patent was
granted; and if it is to be of any service to them,
the patent ought to be granted to them now, for !
they have not the ability to wait upon the legisla- '
tion of this House, and resort to the ordinary ap- !
phances made use of for that purpose. This is a j,
brief history of that matter.  It is a machine that jj
can only be perfected upon the prairies of the i
United States It is not adapted to the smaller ;!
farming operations of the East, or to the woody jj
portions of the United States. I regard it as an ('
act of naked justice to the genius, labor, and per-
severance of those gentlemen, that the grant should ;
be made, for they have never yet derived a dollar
from it. There are but two perfect machines that ,
have ever been built, and those machines have cost j
them fourteen years of trial and labor, and all the ;
money they and their friends could procure, to the "
amount of "$20,01)0 or §."!(),000. I hope the House ',
will pass it as an act of justice.
Mr. SACKETT. I am entirely unacquainted .
with the character of this case. I only know it is i
an application for a renewal of a patent. But I j
suppose there has been no renewal under the gen- j,
eral law, authorizing renewals by the Commis- j
sioner of Patents; but I know such a case is one, j.
in my judgment, which should not be passed
without the deliberation of this House. It is ask- ;'
ing quite too much, for the Committee on Patents ;
to'come into this House and say that it is a case ':
which comes in conflict with no other patent that I
is now in existence. Sir, that is covering quite !,
too much ground. That is a question which may j
belong to a court, which may belong to the con- , i
sideration of many other patentees, interested in
this question.
Whether the case is one that ought to pass at j
all or not, is not now a proper subject of consid- ;
eration. It is, to say the least, one of a class of
cases which demand the attention of this House, j
and should not be acted upon precipitately. I
therefore renew the motion to refer it to the Com- I
mittee of the Whole House. j
; Mr. STUART. I feel confident, sir, that
' if the gentleman from New York [Mr. Sackett]
j was aware of all the facts in regard to this bill, :
he would not press his motion to refer it to the ,
Committee of the Whole House.
i In addition to what has been said by the hon-
i orable chairman of the Committee on Patents,
[Mr. Cartter,] I will state, that a similar bill for
the relief of these inventors passed this House at
the last Congress, was referred to the Committee '
on Patents of the Senate, and by it reported back 1
favorably, but was lost in the Senate for want of
time to reach it. This bill has now been unani-
mously reported to this House by the present
committee, and they unanimously ask that it shall
be put upon its passage, that it may not be again
lost for want of time. As the honorable member
who reported this bill [Mr. Thurston] has said,
this machine can be used only during the harvest-
ing season, about one month in each year. §o
that the \fhole use of it under the original patent
has been only fourteen months.
Most inventions can be used every day and can
be tried and tested in secret, while every experi-
ment with this one must be made openly and be-
fore the whole community.
I reside, Mr. Speaker, in the same county with
these inventors, and their invention has been per-
fected under my own eye. They have expended
the whole lifetime of the former patent and more
than thirty thousand dollars in perfecting their
machine, and have not derived one dollar of profit
from their invention.
Mr. JOHN" W. HOWE. I desire to ask if
the patent has ever been renewed under the exist-
ing patent laws?
Mr. STUART. No, sir.
Mr. SACKETT. The gentleman does not un-
derstand the question. They have had a renewal
by the Commissioner for seven years.
Mr. STUART. No, sir. The gentleman
from New York is entirely mistaken. It lias not
been renewed at all.
Mr. DUNHAM. Then I have only to say,
they have no business here. They must go to
the Patent Office.
Mr. STUART. The gentleman from Indiana
is equally mistaken. Their former patent has ex-
pired, and Congress alone possesses the pbwer to
extend it. They .applied here m time, but their bill
of the last session w^is lost, as 1 have stated.
Mr. Speaker, I know ail about this question;
and I do not hesitate to say, unqualifiedly, that a
more meritorious application cannot be presented
to the consideration of Congress, nor one_, the
granting: of which, would be more beneficial to
the agricultural community. The passage of this
bill cannot interfere with the rights of any other
persons. The bill simply proposes to give to
these inventors what they have invented, and
they are required by it to establish their inven-
tions by proof before the Commissioner of Pat-
ents, who will embrace in their specifications such
inventions only as they can so establish. And cer-
tainly all that they have invented, they are enti-
tled to, upon every principle of justice. All that
this bid proposes, is to do them justice; and 1 am
not willing further to detain the House, or hazard
the success of the bill by talking about it.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. As I am not
opposed to the renewal of the patent, if it is
proper to do so, and wishing some time to look
into and consider it, I would move that the House
do now adjourn, and then this question will come
up when we next call for reports of committees.
I only suggest such a motion.
Mr. STUART. I am so satisfied that this
thing is right, and it having received the indorse-
ment of the Committees of both Houses, I move
the previous question.
Mr. DUNHAM. I ask for the i-eading of the
bill. It gives fourteen years' extension 
Mr. OllR. I rise to a privileged motion. I
move the House adjourn.
Mr. BOBBINS. I hope not; there is go much
business upon the Speaker's table.
Mr. ORR. I demand tellers.
Mr. POLK demanded the yeas and nays; but
they were not ordered.
Tellers were then ordered, and Messrs. Orr
and Meacham appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 54, nays 73.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. HAVEN. Before the vote is taken, I desire
to learn from the chairman of the Committee on
Patents, [Mr. Cartter,] whether there was any
evidence before that committee in reference to the
assignment by these patentees of their right?
Mr. CARTTER. I recollect of none. I will
state to the gentleman from New York—■—
The SPEAKER. This conversation is not ill
; order, and can only be allowed by unanimous
consent.
There was no objection.
; Mr. CARTTER. The machine has.never been
