1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2213
has been paid ?o General Wintield Scott and General Frank-
lin Pierce, respectively, fiom the time of their first entiance
into the public service up to the present date, distinguishing
between regular and extra compensation; also, for what
said amounts were paid, whether for pay proper, rations,
forage, hoises, mileage, transportation, servants, quarters,
fuel, medical attendance, or commutation lor any of the
piecednitf items ; aNo, that he inform the Senate what
amount "f extra compensation has been claimed by either,
the items of each and every such claim when first presented,
and when and by whom allowed or rejected, and the official
reasons jiiven at the time for such allowance or rejection,
and whether any item or items, claim or claims, once disal-
lowed, were subsequently presented for payment, and if so,
how often, and when, and tf subsequently allowed or paid,
bv whom and when, and the amounts thereof, and the rea-
sons foi such allowance, and the amounts thereof; and that
he also inform the Senate whether either of the above-
named jrencials has received fiom the public Treasury pay
or emolument*- for discharging the duties of more than one
office or employment at the. same tune, and if so, whjjt ot-
fices or employments, and the amount ot such pay and
emolument?., and the time when paid, and whether any
claim or cbiim^ have been presented for thedischaige of the
duties of two or more offices or employments at the same
tune by either ot them, and disallowed, and if so, by whom
disallowed, when, and for what reason* then given ; and that
healsoiiiiorm the Senate whethei eithei of the above-named
geneials has ever, undei color oi charging for percent-
age, or ior extra compensation, or for any other leason or
reasons, or in any manner or form, applied to his own use,
or retained in his hands, any of the public funds or propeity
without authority of law, and if so, when, and the amount
or value thereof, and whether the amount thus applied or
retained, or any pait thereof, has ever been lepaid to the
United States, and if so, what amount and when so repaid,
and whether any amount of public money or property,
winch h is ever come to the hands 01 possession ol eithei ot
them, remain** unaccounted for, and if so, m whose hands,
and how much.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I shall not oppose
the adoption of that resolution. I desire, how-
ever, to amend it, if possible. The Senator from
New Jeisey, [Mr. Miller,] not now in his seat,
also desires to oiler an amendment. I therefore
move to postpone the consideration of the resolu-
tion until Monday next, and also that the special
order of thp day may now be taken up.
Mr. MEIU WETIiER. I hope the considera-
tion of the resolution will not be postponed. We
want a response to the resolution before the ad-
journment of Congress, and I fear we shall not
receive one if the consideration of the resolution
be postponed.
The question was taken on the motion to post-
pone, ar.d, on a division, there were—ayes 17,
noes 20.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr JONES, of Tennessee. I have an amend-
ment which I wish to offer. I ask that it may be
read.
It was read, as follows:
Insert after the word " date," the words
"Stating, particularly, the cxact date of their entrance
into the public service, and how appointed ; whethei as a
graduate of the Military Academy or otheiwtee, and the
cost of a course of study at that, institution, and the sum paid
to either or both while theie."
After the woids " medical attendance," insert the woids
ufor what diseases, &o lar as e;m be ascertained, such at-
tendance was lequued; whether toi wounds received in
battle, or for ordinary sickness; and if loi wounds, when,
and in what service, such wounds were received, and how
often such attendance was required by each."
Add the following resolution :
Resolrcd, That the PrcMdont be also requested to in-
form the Senate, whether Ceneial Scott or Geneial Pieiec
ha*- rendered service to the countiy in any capacity other
than military; and it so, the length of' tune each w«u> so
oiuplovcd, and the gros-^ amount paid out of the Treasury
for such service, distinguishing between the regular pay and
fees, or mileage, or traveling expenses, allowed and paid to
each, and the amount so paid.
Mr. JONES. On that amendment I ask that
the yeas and nays may be taken.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MERI WETHER. I will simply suggest,
that if that amendment be adopted we cannot hope
to get a response to the resolution during the
present session.
Mr. BRIGHT. If the honorable Senator from
Tennessee will offer his amendment as a distinct
proposition, in the form of a resolution, I appre-
hend it will meet with no opposition from this side
ofthe Chamber; but we are unwilling to embarrass
the object of the resolution, as Jt came from the
hands ofthe Senator from Kentucky.
Mr. JONES. I certainly have no such purpose
as that indicated by the Senator from Indiana It
is not my purpose to embarrass the resolution
offered by the Senator from Kentucky. The ob-
ject of that resolution, as 1 understand, is to pub-
lish to the country at hir«e the amount of money
i m-ived by each of the individuals named, m com-
pensation for their public services: and the in-
formation for which I have asked will not add
much to the labor necessary to answer the queries
proposed by it. It cannot delay the investigation
when they are making up their account current.
If I thought it would lead to delay I should not
have offered it. I have offered it m no captious
spirit, but simply for the purpose of obtaining
possession of all the facts; and I conceive that it is
perfectly germane to the original resolution.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Inasmuch as the amendment
is germane and pertinent to the original resolu-
tion, I think it should be adopted. If it were
offered for the purpose of embarrassing the reso-
lution or to make the call so broad as to render it
impossible for the Departments to return an an-
swer during the present session, I should vote
against it. In this case, I do not believe that more
than two or three days will be necessary to return
an answer, and therefore my view is that we should
adopt the amendment of the Senator from Tennes-
see, and then see whether the answer will be re-
turned in due time. I repeat, that we ought to
adopt the amendment, and obtain all the inform-
ation which the Department can give us.
Mr. PEARCE. Whether the resolution is an-
swered promptly or not, appears to me to be en-
tirely unimportant to the Senate or to the country.
No gentleman has undertaken to say to what
useful purpose the information called for can be
applied. No one has said that he supposes any
particular facility to legislation will be derived
from it; and no specific charge requiring investi-
gation has been made against either of the parties
named. I apprehend that the only purpose to
which it will be applied will be to crowd the col-
umns of newspapers, already teeming with articles
relating to these gentlemen, who have been nomi-
nated for the office of President of the United
States. If the amendment is to interfere with any
useful legislation, the result of which it can be
said will be of importance to the country, I shall
not sustain it. Nor will I sustain it if it be only to
enlarge a useless inquiry. I shall be as little likely
as any one else to sustain a resolution calculated
to bring individual character into discussion be-
fore the people, the only effect of which will be to
produce aspersions on an individual. I should
not think of adding anything to this resolution by
which it should be inquired how much public
money yourself, sir, has received in the course of
your long public service, being perfectly well sat-
isfied that whatever you have received you are
richly entitled to, both by law and by your meri-
torious services; and I have not the slightest doubt
that General Scott was lawfully entitled to receive
whatever he has received, and I apprehend the
same remark is true of General Pierce.
Now, the answer to the resolution will disclose
what we all know very well—that General Scott
has received a much larger amount of the public
money than General Pierce, having been much
longer in the public service; and it will be no dis-
paragement to General Pierce, a gentleman of
whom I always speak with respect, to say, that
if the duration of time and character of service be
considered, the proportion of pay which General
Scott has received will be found by no means in
excess of proportion to his long, faithful, and
glorious service.
But 1 desire to wash my hands of any investi-
gation of this sort. I believe that they are both
honorable men—both entitled to anything they
have received; and I am not willing—not that I
charge it as the design of the Senator from Ken-
tucky, [Mr.MERiwi.THER]—to do that which will
only overgorge a vitiated public appetite already
fed to satiety upon political detraction. Our public
men on both sides are slandered enough already;
and this investigation can benefit the character of
neither of these gentlemen; while it may, and
probably will, diminish that respect for the dignity
of the Senate, which has not usually been thought
to lend itself to mere partisan purposes.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will answer the inquiry of
the Senator from Maryland as to whatuseful pur-
pose is to be accomplished by the adoption of this
resolution. I apprehend that the same useful pur-
pose will be accomplished that his political friends
in 1848 accomplished hy the adoption of a similar
resoluftoh in reference to my distinguished friend j
from Michigan, [Mr. Cass,] when he was a can-
didate for the Presidency.
Mr. PEARCE. I desire to say for my own con-
sistency's sake, that never, on any occasion, did
I utter one word in relation to that gentleman, on
account of the public money he has received. It
is an inquiry entirely unworthy of any gentleman
holding his position.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I presume that the Senator
from Maryland never said a word in disparage-
ment of the Senator from Michigan, and that he
did not speak in favor of the resolution of 1848;
but I have yet to learn that he then saw the slight-
est objection to this mode of inquiry. Now, sir,
I do not know what facts will be disclosed by this
resolution, but I think that we ought to teach our
friends upon the other side of the Chamber, that,
if they bring forward resolutions of this kind upon
us, when we have a candidate for the Presidency
who has been long in the public service, we may
bring forward the same inquiry upon them, and
let them see what the result of this mode of pro-
ceeding is. I do not know that anything will be
disclosed by the answer to this resolution that is
not defensible. If there be anything, let it fall
wheie is should fall. This resolution is broader,
more fair, and impartial, than the resolution adopted
in 1S48; for this resolution includes both the can-
didates. That resolution was confined to only one,
and thus it was made to aim directly against the
Democratic candidate. But, why do our friends
on the other side of the Chamber assume, in ad-
vance, that the effect of the resolution will be
against General Scott? Why may it not operate
against General Pierce as well as against General
Scott? Why do they confess, in advance, that
their man is moie vulnerable than ours? It may
be so. I do not know how the fact is; but I think
we had better not judge of the case until we get
the information.
Mr. BUTLER. I am perhaps less involved in
the presidential canvass than any gentleman upon
this floor, and therefore I shall not speak as a par-
tisan m relation to this resolution. 1 can only re-
gret that such a resolution should ever have been
introduced into thisSenate for the purpose referred
to by the Senator from Illinois, [Mr*Douglas*.]
Such a course of proceeding is well calculated to
impair the dignity, and I may say respectability,
of this Senate. Now, if it were left to these high-
minded and chivalrous gentlemen, General Scott
and General Pierce, it is the last mode of warfare
they would select which has been prepared for
them in the public mind. Do I suppose that Gen-
eral Pierce could make any aspersion upon his
honorable rival at this time, and comrade at an-
other? Sir, it would be the last thing, in my esti-
mation, that that distinguished gentleman, Win-
field Scott, would resort to to assail his former
comrade and present rival. Whilst comrades in
arms their personal relations were cordial, and I
presume, are so yet. Let not politicians tear these
relations asunder. Let the two gentlemen be the
exponents of their political principles, as they are
the exponents of all that belongs to the honor,
glory, and renown of their country.
I, sir, deeply regret that this resolution is intro-
duced. I say so not as a partisan, for I stand in
a position of comparative indifference, as a Dem-
ocrat, to the presidential contest, but am opposed
to the election of General Scott; yet I think that
Genet al Scott might well reply when called upon to
answer for the public money he has received, and
which has been appropriated from the Treasury
for his services, as Scipio did when called upon
for an audit of his account: " This, if not the day.
is the month in which I won the battle of Zama.''
The poverty of the gallant hero and illustrious
general would of itself be a vindication against any
culpable imputation upon him; and it will be found
that lie has rather spent money for the honor of
his country than saved it for himself.
As to General Pierce, no one can presume for
a moment but that his high character as a soldier,
and his eminent qualities as a statesman will en-
able him to pass any ordeal that may be prepared
for him by political adversaries.
At least let not the Senate be the arena for a
species of warfare which belongs rathei to the
hustings than to a grave deliberative body.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. [ feel very much like
the Senator who has pist taken his seat in regard
to tins subject, hS if 1 had pome regrets that any
movRiUiit of tliib sort had been made: but as t/«ir
pohln al opponents on the other side of the Cham-
ber have pressed this matter, I am willing to grnf-
ify them. The information asked for will be *•',
service in a political point of view; and as a pait;
