438
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 2,
perfected so as to make it the subject of merchan-
dise during' the whole life of the patent.
Mr. HAVEN. If there be such assignments,
cautious legislation is demanded at our hands.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded the yeas
and nays; which were ordered.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I move that
the House adjourn. *
Mr. HOUSTON. I would suggest the pro-
priety of clearing the Speaker's table.
A Voice. It will take a whole day.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. If the Speaker
asks for the unanimous consent for that purpose
before my motion is put, I will readily agree to it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object.
The question was then taken upon the adjourn-
ment, and it was decided in the affirmative—ayes
72, noes 58.
So thfe House adjourned.
PETITIONS, &e.
The following petitions, rnemoiinls, ficc.^were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appiopnate committees:
By Mr. BUELL: The petition of John Mann, for a pen-
sion.
Mr. SWEETSER Rave notice of his desiic to withdraw
from the files of the House, in order to lefer to the Commit-
tee of Claims, the papers of C. Nisewarger and William
S. Sullivan}.
By Mr. El>GERTON : Petitions of citizens of Defiance
county, Ohio, for a mail route from Toledo, via Bryan and
Jlicksville, Ohio, to Foit Wayne, Indiana.
By Mr. HENN : The petition of citizens of Kanesville,
Iowa, asking that they bo allowed to purchase the land on
which said town is situated, and for the appointment of a
Board of Commissioners to superintend the survey of said
town, and to adjust the titles to lot* therein.
By Mr. SC UDDER : The petition of Ezra Taylor, and
130 others, citizens of Dennis and Harwich, Massachusetts,
asking an appropriation for a light-vessel on Sueconessct
shoals, in the Vineyard sound.
By Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania: The proceedings of
the Berks county tariff meeting. *
By Mr. ALLEN, of Illinois : The petition of citizens of
Hamilton, Saline, and Gallatin counties, in the State of Il-
linois, praying that a mail route may he established from the
town oI'McLauchboro', in Hamilton county, to the town of
Equality, in Gallatin countv, in the State of Illinois.
By Mr. JOfllV W. HOWE: The petition ot Joseph S.
While and U84 other citizens of Lawrence county, Penn-
sylvania, praying Congress to adopt nome mode foi the ami-
cable adjustment of national difficulties without resort to
war.
By Mr. FULLER, of Maine: The petition of Charles T.
Emerson and 8.r> oiIk'in, citizen^ of Washington county,
Maine, being ship-owners, slup-masters, pilots, and others
interested in navigation, praying Congiess to make an ap-
propriation for bnildmg a light house on Round Island, in
the entrance of Machias river, in said State.
By Mr. BltAGG: The petition of Charles Bingham, mar-
shal of the southern district of Alabama, praying tor addi-
tional compensation for taking the census.
By Mr. AIKEN : The resolutions of the General Assem-
bly of South Carolina lelative to the establishment of a
branch Mint at Charleston, tfouth Carolina.
Also, the memorial of the Chamber of Commerce of
Chaileston, South Carolina, praying the establishment of a
branch Mint in that city.
Also, the memorial of Ilugh Cranr and other citizens of
the Chfl'Uertield district. South Carolina, praying for the
establishment of a branch Mint at Chaile^ton,'South Car-
olina.
By Mr. PARKER, of Pennsylvania: The petition of the i
heirs of Robf. Laughlin, late of Westmoreland county, Penn-
sylvania, deceased, pi aynig compensation loi property de
stroyed during the n->volut lonaiy war, and aecompanym"
papers withdrawn from the files of the House. °
Alsoj the petition ot John l)e Ainut, praying for the pas-
sage ot a law authoiizmg the Po>tniaster Geneial to pay
him for the loss sustained in canyingthe mail, with the
accompanying papeis withdrawn from the iiles of the
Hou-,e.
A^o^'he petition of Joseph Law, late postmaster at
Water Street, in Pennsylvania, praying Congress to pass a
Jaw refunding to him $08 32, amount of Government funds
in his hands as postma-tcr, and loft by reason of the freshet
of July, 18.)1, on the Juniata rivei.
By Mr. CHASTAIJV • The petition of flush W. Proud-
got, one of the heirs and administrators of Captain John
Morrison, who served 111 the Geoigia Continental Line du-
ring the war of the Revolution, praying commutation pay.
IN SENATE.
Monday, February 2, 1852.
Prayer by the Rev. L. P. Morgan.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION,
The PRESIDENT pro itm. laid before the
Senate a letter from the Secretary of the Interior,
transmitting a communication from the Commis-!
sioner of the General Land Office, accompanied
bY ' !e ?nn"a.' reP°«s of the Surveyors General
of Illinois, Missouri,and Oregon Territory, which
were not received in time to accompany the last
annual report; which was read and referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
PETITIONS.
Mr. BERRIEN presented the memorial of
Catharine Proctor Hayden, daughter and heir to
Colonel John White, deceased, praying the reim-
bursement of advances made by her late father,
and payment of the seven years half pay due for
his military services in the revolutionary war;
which was referred to the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims.
Mr. MILLER. I desire, Mr. President, to
present the memorial of silk manufacturers, dyers,
and other persons interested in the silk trade of
the United States, praying that Congress may re-
peal that part of the tariff law of 1846 which im-
poses fifteen per cent, duty upon raw silk. As
the facts and considerations stated in the petition
are important with regard to the interests of the
parties represented, and as it expresses so clearly
the distinctions and unjust operation of the taritf
of 1846 in reference to its not making a proper
discrimination between the raw material and the
manufactured article, 1 hope the memorial will be
read.
The memorial was accordingly read, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Manufactures.
Mr. SUMNER presented the petition of Mar-
tha L. Downs, widow of Lieutenant Downs,
commander of the United States schooner Gram-
pus at the time she was lost, praying that the same
allowance of pay may be made to the widows and
orphans of persons belonging to 'that vessel, as
has been made in similar cases; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. BADGER presented the memorial of J.
H. Williams, the memorials of E. D. Austin, D.
Hurdle, William H. Hood, Carlton Hall, James
M. Waddil), N. McCrummer, W. H. Marshall,
T. H. Tomlinson, John B. Goelet, Brian Hellen,
M. D. King, and John A. Selby, assistant mar-
shals for taking the Seventh Census in North Car-
olina, praying additional compensation; which
were referred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, presented the proceed-
ings of a meeting of stockholders of the Dubuque
and Keokuck Railroad Company, held at Ana-
mosa, Iowa, in relation to the donation of land
for that railroad; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. HAMLIN presented a memorial of as-
sistant marshals for taking the Seventh Census
in Oxford county, Maine, praying additional com-
pensation; which was referred to the Committee
of Claims.
Also, resolutions passed by the Legislature of
Maine, in relation to Louis Kossuth and the doc-
trine of non-intervention; which were ordered to
lie on the table and be printed.
Mr. DOWNS presented the memorial of the
heirs of James Perrie and Lucy Perrie, praying
the confirmation of their title to certain lands held
under a Spanish grant; which was referred to the
Committee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. FELCH presented the petition of Christo-
pher KnowHon, praying a pension for services
m the revolutionary war; which was referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
Also, two petitions of citizens of Michigan,
praying a donation of land to that State for the
construction of the Oakland and Ottawa railroad;
which were referred to the Committee on Pubhc
Lands.
Mr. DODGE, of Wisconsin, presented a peti-
tion of citizens of Green Bay, Wisconsin, pray-
ing the sale of so much of the military reservation
at Fort Howard as is not needed for that post;
which was refei red to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. PEARCE presented a memorial of mer-
chants, ship-owners, underwriters, and others in-
terested in the commerce of Baltimore, praying
that the act of March 3, 1847, for the reduction of
the expenses of proceedings in admiralty against
ships and vessels, may not be repealed or altered;
which was referred to the Committee on the Judi- j
ciary.
Mr. SOULE presented a memorial of officers,
clerks, and others ejnpjoyed in the civil and mil-
itary departments of the United States Govern-
ment in Mexico, during the late war with that Re-
public, praying to be allowed three months' extra
pay; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. FISH presented the memorial of Edward
P. Torrey, legal representative of Joseph Torrey,
an officer in the revolutionary Var, praying to be
allowed interest on commutation pay; which was
referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims.
NEW JERSEY ON NON-INTKRVENTION.
Mr, STOCKTON. Mr. President, I hold in
my hands a series of resolutions passed by the
Legislature of the State of New Jersey, and by
their authority transmitted to me. I ask that they
may be read and printed.
The Clerk read the resolutions, as follows:
Joint Resolutions in relation to Governor Kossuth and the
doctrine of national non-intervention.
Wheieas Louis Kossuth, Governor of Hungary, exiled
from his country because he made a gallant but unsuccess-
ful struggle for his country's rights, has come to the United
States, an invited guest of the nation—
A. Be it resolved by the Senate and General Assembly of
the State of New Jersey, That Lows Kossuth be invited
to visit this Legislature at its present session, that we may
extend to him the hospitality of the State and assure him of
our sympathy.
2. Be it resolved, That in Louis Kossuth we recognize a
true patriot, and the able and eloquent expounder of con-
stitutional rights and liberties^ that we sympathize with
him and his countrymen in the calamities which have be-
fallen their fatheiland; that we deeply deplore that the
recent glorious struggle for the freedom of Hungary was
rendered unsuccessful by the treason of their general, and
the armed intervention of Russia, contrary to the princi-
ples of justice and international law ; and that we trust, by
the blessing of Divine Providence, that all his future efforts
in the cause of his country may be crowned with success,
and that the people ot Hungary, now dispersed or down-
trodden, may be restored to freedom and happiness, under
the protecting care oi a constitutional government erected
by themselves.
3. Jlml be it resolved, That every nation has a right to
alter, modify, abohsh, or adopt its own form of government,
and legulatc its own internal affairs, and that an armed in-
tervention of any other nation to control or destroy thrs <
right is an infraction of international law.
4. JlniL be it resolved, That the supremacy of the non-
intervention law, acknowledged by all nations, would tend
to maintain national rights, prevent national wars, and give
a lasting pcace to the world.
5. J2nd be it resolved, That our Senators and Representa-
tives m Congress be requested to obtain the parage of a
resolution by Congress, instructing the representatives of
the United States to the Governments of Europe to urg-e
upon those Governments a declaration that the forcible in-
teivention of one nation to regulate the internal affairs, or
to alter, modify, abolish, or prescribe the form of govern-
ment of another nation, is an infraction of the law of na-
tions.
6. And be it resolved, That the Governor be requested to
transmit a copy of these resolutions to the President of the
IXpitfed States, to Louis Kossuth, and to each of our Sena-
Mrs and Representatives in Congress.
M Mr. STOCKTON. Mr. President, no one
need doubt my regard for the old Democratic prin-
ciple, that the representative is bound by the
will of his constituents. No one need doubt the
profound respect which any expression of opinion
by the Legislature of New Jersey will command
from me. I know no higher honor than faithfully
to represent my native State. I can enjoy no
higher satisfaction than to feel that I merit her
approval. My ambition in the discharge of my
duties here, is to promote her interests. In doing
that, I know that I shall promote the welfare of
our whole country.
Sir, I execrate the oppressors of poor Hunga-
ry, and cordially sympathize with the Legislature
and people of New Jersey m her sufferings. I
am as desirous for her independence and the ex-
tension of human liberty as any of my fellow-
citizens. Nevertheless, I am constrained to say,
that while I agree to every sentiment of freedom
and love of liberty contained in the resolutions
which you have just heard read, I do not entirely
concur in the principles of public law by which
the object they have in view is sought to be ob-
tained. I will, therefore, with the Senate's leave,
proceed to state, in a few brief remarks, the
grounds of my opinion—what, in my judgment,
are the responsibilities of this Government, and
the course we ought to take in regard to our for-
eign relations. The course suggested by the res-
olutions is not precisely the one preferred by me.
They do not avow the principles which this Gov-
ernment ought to assert and maintain—which the
United States always has asserted, and which I
.hope she will continue to assert as long as there
is a single despotic Government existing whose
people rise to demand the blessings of liberty.
Sir, when we cast our eyes over the world every-
where—with the exception of America—we see
the surface of the whole earth appropriated by
absolute roonarchs. The only country which en-
joys republican Government, and whose people
adequately appreciate free institutions, is the
United States. Those free institutions compre-
hend all that survives of free principles and politi-
cal liberty. In them is concentrated all that is
