1352
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May IB,
* security of life and property on board, will be
detrimental to the in terests of owners of boats on
that Lake. As a bill has been already reported
from the committee, I ask that the petition may
.be laid on the table.
.'I'Ke motion was agreed to.
Mr.-GWIN presented the memorial of William
Price, a watchman in the Census Office, praying
an increase'of compensation; which was referred
to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. MALLORY presented the memorial of
Otway H. Berryman, of the Wavy, praying to be
allowed an amount equal to the balance found
against him on the settlement of his accounts as
acting purser, while in command of the United
Stafes Schooner " Onkahye," and whicn account
he had b*een obliged to pay over to the United
States; 'which was referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs. •
PETITION WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On-motion by Mr. HAMLIN, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Thomas Thurston, on the
files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee mi com-
merce.
REPORTS PROM STANDI I4* G COMMITTEES.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to which was referred a motion to print the
report of a committee of the Chamber of Com-
merce of New York, in favor of the establish-
ment of a Light-house Board, reported against the
printing thereof; "which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred a motion to print the memorial of
Benjamin Crawford, in relation to steam-boiler
explosions, reported in favor of printinefthe same;
which was agreed to.
Mr. BRADBURY, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to which was referred the bill to extend
the benefit of an act entitled "An act to establish
a uniform rule of naturalization," and to repeal
the acts heretofore passed on that subject, to the
wives and children of citizens," reported it back
with amendments.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. SHIELDS, agreeably to previous notice,
asked and obtained leave'to introduce a bill grant-
ing the ri^ht of way and making a grant of public
lands to the States of Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois,
in aid of the construction of a railroad from Cin-
cinnati to St. Louis; which was read a iirst and
second time by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. BRODHEAD, by unanimous consent,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill au-
thorizing the Secretary of War to grant to the
Pittsburg, Kmanning, and Warren Raiirond Com-
pany the right of way over the grounds of the
"nited States, at the Alleghany Arsenal; which
was read a first and second time by its title, and
referred to the Committee 011 Public Lands.
TOE LATE MINISTER TO BRAZIL.
Mr. WADE submitted the following resolution;
which was agreed to:
Resolved) That the Secretary of the Treasury report to
Senate whether the accounting officers have lejectul a
charge m the account of the Hon. Da\ul Tod, late Minister
from the United State* to ilrazil, tor money advance.! by
him to William IS. Anderson, who was sent liom Rio Ja-
neiro to the United States, to he a witness on a prosecution
to be commenced against hvo peisorn for canying on the
slave trade; and it so, then to report the facts, and the rea-
sons for icjectinj* the claim.
TAX ON MISSOURI LANDS.
Mr. GEYER. I ask the indulgence of the
Senate to postpone the pnor orders for the pur-
pose of taking up Senate hiM No. 107, declaring
the assent of Congress to the State of Missouri to
impose a tax upon all lands hereafter sold by the
United States therein from and after the day of
sale. I do not think the consideration of this"hill
will occupy more than five minutes.
The motion to postpone the prior orders was
agreed to, and the bill was considered by the Sen-
ate as in Committee of the Whole.
The bill proposes to givexhe assent of Congress
to the State of Missouri to impose a tax or taxes
upon all lands hereafter sold by the United States
in that State from and after the day of sale; pro-
vided that the assent thus given shall in nowise
impair that provision of the compact with that
State, which declares th'at all lands beloneing to
the citizens of the United States, residing without
&n
the said State,"shall never be taxed higher than
lands belonging to persons residing therein.
Mr. GE"V ER. 1 will merely state that this bill
is designed to correct what 1 consider a mistake
m the act of 1847. It is in the very language of
that act, which declares the assent of the United
States to impose a tax upon all lands sold by the
United States to all the.States admitted prior to
the 24th of April, 1820. It happened that the act
authorizing the convention in Missouri was passed
on the 6th of April, 1820. That State, however,
was not admitted until August, 1821. By insert-
ing the words " prior to the 24th of April, 1820,"
the State of Missouri was excluded from the pro-
visions of that act. The object of this bill is to
put the State of Missouri on the same footing as
other States.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading.
HOMESTEAD BILL.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by the hands of Mr. Forney, its Clerk, was re-
ceived, stating that the House had passed the fol-
lowing bill, and requested the concurrence of the
Senate therein:
"A bill to encourage agriculture, commerce, manufac-
tures,, and all other branches of industry, by granting to
every man who is the head of a family, and a citizen of tile
United States, a homestead of one hundred and sixty acres
ot land out of the public domain, upon condition of occu-
pancy and cultivation of the same for the period herein
specified."
The hill was read a firsthand second time, and
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
OHIO AND CHESAPEAKE CANAL BASIN.
Mr. PRATT. Some week or two since a bill
was reported from the Committee on the District
of Columbia, which I will ask the Senate now to
take up. It is a bill making a small appropria-
tion to enable the Corps of Topographical Engi-
neers to make a survey and estimate of the cost
of constructing; a basin at the terminus of the
Ohio and Chesapeake Canal at Rock Creek, in
Georgetown.
i _ It is a question in which the State of Maryland
is deeply interested, having- already expended
$10,000,000 in the completion of that work, which
was commenced under the auspices of the Gen-
eral Government. That expenditure is now ren-
dered comparatively useless in consequence of
i there being no depot at its terminus in George-
town. The desired object can only be attained
by the General Government prosecuting it; and
with this object in view, the hill to which I refer
was drawn up appropriating a small sum to enable
the C01 pa of Topographical Engineers to make the
necessary survey and estimate. I hope the prior
orders will be postponed forthe purpose of taking
up the bill.
The motion was agreed to, and the bill was rend
a second time, and considered as in Committee of
; the Whole.
I It proposes to authorize the Secretary of War
to cause a survey to be made, under the direction
i of the Topographical Bureau, necessary to a cor-
! red estimate of the cost of constructing a canal
| basin at the terminus of the Ohio and Chesapeake
cnmil, at Rock Creek, in Georgetown, in the Dis-
tnct of Columbia, of sufficient dimensions to ac-
i commodate the business on said canal at that
; point, and to cause such estimate to be made and
, laid before Congress at the earliest practicable pe-
; rtod; and it appropriates the sum of $1,200 for
that purpose.
Mr. WALKER. I may be in error, but it oc-
curs to me that this is a bill of strange import, as
it proposes that Congress should appropriate
, money for the survey and estimate, by the Bureau
i of Topographical Engineers, for a basin foramere
) State work. Thatthebasin happens to be located
in the District of Columbia, it seems to me, con-
| stitutes no reason why Congress should assume
1 this expense. If Congress has exclusive juris-
, diction in the District of Columbia, it is no reason,
; in my opinion, why Congress, without incurring
i any further expense, may not give the State of
Maryland, or any other State interested in this
; work, the right of making this survey and esti-
, mate. But there is something further: if I under-
! stand the bill, it directs the Secretary of War to
- detail from the Corps of Topographical Engineers
] a sufficient number to make this survey, and, in
addition, appropriates §1,200 especially for that
purpose. Now, I suppose that these officers and
engineers are in the public service, and if detailed
for this particular employment will only be occu-
pying their time. Why we should make this ap-
propriation, I cannot see; why we should so legis-
late, I cannot imagine. I do not think it would
be done for any other State in the Union. Not-
withstanding this belief, 1 am of opinion that there
are other works of a character quite as national
as this, for which an appropriation might be asked;
but I am not well versed in the history of this
work, nor thoroughly acquainted with the extent
to which Congress may have adopted it, and be-
come its patron. I thought, however, that it was
due to myself to throw out these suggestions in
regard to the impression which this bill made on
my mind.
Mr. PRATT. I am sure that my friend from
Wisconsin will be satisfied, with a very brief ex-
planation, that the bill ought to pass. The Ches-
apeake and Ohio Canal was originally incorpo-
rated by the Congress of the United States, and the
States of Maryland and Virginia. The Congress
of the United States appropriated $500,000 to-
wards the prosecution of the work. A survey
was made by General Barnard, who was at the
head of the Topographical Engineers, under a rec-
ommendation of Mr. Calhoun, while Secretary of
War. The work was commenced, then, under
the auspices of these three governments. Private
individuals and the cities in the District also sub-
scribed. • The United States have paid their
$500,000, and $1 ,000,000 was paid which had been
subscribed by the cities in the District, towards the
completion of the work. Maryland has paid up-
wards of $10,000,000 for its completion. Its great
object is to bring to the District of Columbia the
mineral resources of the western part of Virginia
and Maryland. 1 cannot see but this is entirely
right; and I think every one will admit, that inas-
much as the General Government originally pat-
ronized this work, and a direct pledge was thus
given on the part of the General Government, that
it would go with Maryland and Virginia in the
prosecution of this greatest work that was ever
prosecuted in the world, when Maryland has been
involved in an expense of §10,000,000, and when
the whole of this expense will be rendered par-
tially useless unless this appropriation is made,
the bill should pass. I do think there cannot be
any opposition to a proposition so reasonable as
that a survey and estimate shall be made by the
officers of the Government for the purpose of as-
certaining whether a depot can be made for the
reception of the trade from that canal, which has
already cost so many millions of dollars to bring
it to that point.
Now, the only other objection offered by the
Senator from Wisconsin is, that he cannot see
why an appropriation should be made to enable the
officers of the Topographical Engineers to do what
otherwise it would be their duty to do. A resolu-
tion passed this body requiring the Secretary of
War to report such an estimate. On application
made by the Committee on the District of Colum-
bia, they were informed that there were no funds
over which the Department had any control en-
abling the Topographical Engineers to make this
survey. Consequently some small appropriation—
about §1,200 was mentioned—was absolutely ne-
cessary to enable the Secretary of War to carry
out the requisition embraced in the previous reso-
lution of the Senate. 1 hope, therefore, that my
friend from Wisconsin will withdraw all objection
to the passage of the bill, that we may have from
the proper Department a report and an estimate of
the cost of making this depot for the reception of
this trade. 1 think he will see that justice requires
that the General Government should do some-
thing m aid of the States of Virginia and Mary-
land, which were induced to enter into this work
in consequence of the aid given by the General
Government. The Federal Government, how-
ever, backed out of the matter, leaving it to these
two States alone to finish it; and Maryland has
already expended $10,000,000 in this work, which
was commenced under the auspices of the Federal
Government. If there ever was a case requiring,
in good faith, that the Federal Government should
act, it seems to me that this is one; and I hope the
Senate will pass the bill.
Mr. WALKER. The secret of this matter I
infer from what has, been said by the Senator from
Maryland. He said the Government was under
