1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2217
Johnson, John Johnson, Daniel T. Jones, George W.
Jones, George G. King, Preston Ivmg, Knlms, Kurtz,
Letehei, Lockhart, Martin, Mason, jVIcOorkle, McMuUm,
McQueen, Meade, Millson, Molony, Murphy, Murray,
Newton, OM-. Orr. Andrew Parker, Peaslee, Penn, Per-
kins, Polk, price, Keeri, Richardson, Robie, Sciukler,
David L. rievmour, Ongen S. Seymour, Smart, Smith,
Benjamin Stanton, Abraham J'- Stephens, Thaddeus
Stevens, Stratton, Stuart, Sweetser, Thurston, Wallace,
Washburn, Watkins, Welch, Addison White, and VVil-
drick—106.
So the amendment was rejected.
The hill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and, being engrossed, was sub-
sequently read the third time and passed.
Mr. HOUSTON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed, and to lay the mo-
tion to reconsider upon the table; which latter
motion was agreed to.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of Connecticut, moved that
the House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the Private Calendar.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. If that mo-
tion does not prevail, will not the first business in
order be the report from the Committee on Print- j
ingr
The SPEAJfF.R. This being Saturday, the
motion to go into Committee of the Whole on
the Private Calendar would take precedence of
the motion to take up the rep on. from the Com-
mittee on Printing. If, however, the House re-
fuse to go into Committee, the Chair responds to
the interrogatory of the gentleman, that the report !
from the Committee on Printing would be the ,'j
first business in order. [
Mr. WALSH. Is it in order to move to pro- i|
ceed to the business upon the Speaker's table 1
merely with a view of getting at the private bills, !
that they may be referred to a Committee of the
whole House?
The SPEAKER. That motion would be in
order, and, in the opinion of the Chair, would take
precedence.
Mr. WALSH. There is a number of private
bills upon the Speaker's table, and if we can get
them referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the Private Calendar, we can then easily dispose of
them. !
Mr. HOUSTON'. Allow me to ask the gentle- !
man a question. I am for appropriating the bal-
ance of this day to private bills. Will the private |
bills upon the Speaker's table take precedence of j
the public bills ?
The SPEAKER. Certainly. The motion is
to go to the private business upon the Speaker's
table. |
Mr. WALSH. I will withdraw my motion. |
- The question was then taken upon Mr. Sey- 1
mour's motion, and it was agreed to.
So the House resolved itself into a Committee
of the Whole on the Private Calendar, (Mr.Hir,-
bard in the chair.)
DAVID MYERLE. '
The CHAIRMAN. The first business in order
before the committeeis the consideration of House
bill No. 16^, for the relief of David Myerle. |
Mr. FLORENCE. Mr. Chairman, I do not
desire to occupy the attention of the committee '
very long, but as the case immediately under con-
sideration is one which, in my humble judgment,
appeals to the warmest sympathies of every mem-
ber of this House, I desire very briefly to review
it from its commencement until this period. I
think I can satisfy the committee that it is a just j
cIaim—that it is one which ought to receive the
consideration and support of a majority of this
House. ;
A number of years ago—perhaps ten—the sub- i
ject of water-rotting hemp attracted the attention
'of the head of the Navy Department, and received
some consideration from that gentleman. The '
Committee on Naval Affairs, who have reported
this bill, were satisfied that the agreement entered
into between the then Secretary of the Navy and
Mr. Myerle justified the conclusion that they ar-
rived at; and my object, sir, will be to prove from
the record that they were correct in their con-
clusion.
In the fnv.t place, I will call the attention of this
committee to the agreement made between the
Secretary of the Navy and Mr. Myerle, where
lie urges Mr. Myerle to undertake this work—to
establish the water-rotting of Amencan hemp—
and by that means to accomplish a great national
enterprise. Mr. Paulding says, in a letter to Mr.
Myerle:
"You sought no contia<*t; the proposal came irom hip.
One of yout loading motive m acceding to my proposition
was from a wish to comer a benefit on your country. You
succeeded, and weie ruined. Your hemp was nnpiopeily
rejected. All previous eiToit« b\ the Navy Depaitmeut to
induce persons to come forward with a supply ot that article
iiad failed, until you were induced by me to undertake it.
The Navy is now supplied with a supeuur aiticle. You
never pretended to be the xuventoi oi the piocev< of water-
rotting, but you weie tlie lust person to prove itb practica-
bility to the United States. After >osi were established,
tnere were not wanting a Mitficient number of appheantb
to the Depnttment lor contracts—among the iiumbet wa- a
Mr. Uart, of Kentucky."
This i« the declaration of Mr. Paulding, the
then Secietary of the Navy: that hi' made the
suggestion to Mr. Myerle; that Mr. Myerle did
not seek the contract; but, imbued with charac-
teristic American spirit, he entered into it and
became a ruined man, and is now veiy poor.
After the practicability of the experiment had been
established, although Mr. Myerle had ruined him-
self in consummating it, there weie not wanting a
sufficient number of applicants to the Department
for contracts, and amon^ that number was Mr.
Hart, of Kentucky. Mr. Paulding snys: <kThat
' there had been many experiments made for years
' previously to Mr. Myerle embarking in the en-
' tcrprise, and that it was considered an unhealthy
' operation, and impracticable."
Mr. Myerle had to contend with the general
prejudice that then existed in the State in which he
introduced the system of water-rotting hemp, and
had to overcome it by petsonal exertion and the
influence that he could exercise. The result of the
test proved that it was not unhealthy.
The report of the Board of Nnvy f-ommission-
ors, dated December 31st, 1S39, to the Navy
Department, stated that the operation was un-
healthy, and that the farmers would not water-rot
their hemp. I will read an extract from that re-
port, made by Commodore Morris, which rileges:
i: That the Boaid have at all tiinc^ been raixiou, to obtain
hemp of til*"1 iriow th oi the United States, if if could be fur-
nished, ot Mi< h <ju,iiity a-; would jn-tiiv «N u-e tor the
N.ivy. There is. no doubt, that n' the hemp ot tin? count.y
were to be p. operlj pieparod by w?,t''i-roUti>^, anu the otlici
nece^ary piocc^Cr;, u nn^ht be di-liwied et out nav>-
yaidt:. of eqenl, if not of sjieatPi ^neri'fth nud bcttet quality
tban anv other which had been sul tret to the c'lance-; for
injuiy, to which all nupoited noinp i>- ("vpo-.cd. The ir<w>u
which has h.-cn aligned foi adheinitf to the dew-rotting
practice, is the. injury to the health of those en«w\cd )u lite
water-rotting.,:
I need not urge another reason, i apprehend, to
sustain the position I have assumed, that there
was a strong and general prejudice existing against
water-rotting hemp. And that it has been entirely
and effectually overcome, no one, with tin. fai'f.-ito
the contrary staring hi.n in the face, io prepared
to denv. 1 will merely state it here, and wiM prove
it conclusively, after a while, that Mr. Myerle
abandoned a large tmd hu-iaU^e mannf-n-un-m";
interest to accomplish th's natioonl en teypri;- e, by
which that and a large amount of m-oneity became
a total lors to him. The hc-mp ihat Mr. Myerle
contractcd to fnrnir-b the Navy "Department—and
I wish to impress this upon the committee partic-
ularly, because ujvii th.it J think the basis of the
fairness and justice uf this claim ie?ts—was not to
be rejected. The hemp, 1 repeat, was no' to be
rejected, and Mr. Paulding, in his letter of the 8th
of March, 1848, says:
" Had F b"('ii at the bead ef the Navy D^ptun.j.-nt at •! e
time your lu'mp \< as. n-ji'Ui'.l f vouh' nio ; a- cdlv haw
taken upon myself f"' uoi diictju/ it to he
leceived, notwith>tanditi" it w;.  '-i-uicw i.u mlr-
1 lor, not m qualitj, 1 behove, but in elou.nl-or • o •-
thine of that
" Satisfied of the uieat nupor:am\' * fthc nl^cc; aimed to
be aecomph-iicd. Iiad t not bc< n [" i i ]>< btic;:!
levolutKin, 1 would have fulfiUnd ev")v plcdjo i p.n'i' to
\ou to the vei\ leltw, and ac Ica.-t v ived you uosn any In-*
iiftei nil the labor and ri.-k jon mcui'-.-d. Yoa wore ibe
vorv man 1 wanted foi f-uch an undeit.-A:!)':: ^'*'i weir
neither too piudenrnot loo ra-^h. You weie uiil.n? t  n -k
the labor c f an experiment, at that time consulted anno-t
hopcle.-s, and vou'had the be-t oi all '-uppoit, a k'Ikvk .• on
Piovidfiice. 1 h;i\v atoinc that you would -nc( eed, a any
man could, and \ou did ^icce.'d. v hci-> i \i>i dv belie v.' not
anotb'-r nmn m the rni'o.l State- w<at) 1 haw d nic "
This is the testimo,iy t,f the then SoercU y of
the Naw? the gentleman who entered .nto th:s
contract, who acknowledges that the ivjectioji of
the hemp was improper, tvid tha if !i^h.tJ <-ou-
tiiiUC-d at the lie,id of tlm Dcpartmei.t, ]-e would
have prevented Mr. Myc-rU- from lousand ruin. If
is uimce^Mi y for me to mention why he too imt
remain at the head ol the Department, it was
j; because a political revolution occurred, and another
j1 gentleman was appointed to fill his place.
To gi\e assurance, sir, of the intention of the
Secretary of the Navy to continue this contract,
1 and to receive the hemp after the contract had been
! made for two hundred tons, he increased it to three
i iiundred more, entering into a contract with Mr.
! Myerle to supply live hundred tons of water-rotted
| hemp; and in a letter to him of the 16th February,
i 1849, he says:
! u I am sowv to hear your bill has been again postponed.
, ' hope tin - is not a total defeat. Perhaps it may be all for
i the bed in the end by enabling your friends to procure a
i moie adequate icmuneration for your exertions and saeii-
i hce>-. The disappointments of this vvoild are often blesa-
' iu<*s in c!i-iiiu«e.v
And in his lettei dated February 28, 1849, and
. addressed to Mr. Myerle, where he refers to the
i advantages likely to be gained by the Government
and the country from the successful introduction
j of American water-rotted hemp, he says:
u I bad been tor come lime very desirous to procure a
supply ot American water-rotted hemp for the Navy, in
i oidei to render the United States independent of foreign
nations foi tliM indispensable article, especially in time of
' war; and v ken you first called on me at the Department
! on business connected with your machinery for manufacture
j ins; hemp. I hicugestaf the matter to you. you thought the
' thins i>inclh able, but dated tnany objections, and' declined
■ ihcvndeiiahinz, until I offered such encouragement as over-
■ came yoxn ohjcttions. you. sought no contract. The
i'iioi'ouition v' oik from mi:, and I have always believed
thiit one of yoin lending 7notive$ was that by which I was
. my>elt governed, viz: a with to confer a benefit on your
count) v; you succcedcd and was, ruined. A change of Ad-
imni.-tiatiu'i bad oeeuued, and I lett the Department before
I could redeem the engagement 1 had entered into with
yon, and which, as f said beloie, induced you m some
measure (<  etitei on tin-5 laborious and hazardous under-
i 'akin?. Though the object J bad in view has been coni-
| pletcly attained throutrh your eneigy, perseverance, and
sacjihcej5, and the. country i.; now thoroughly supplied with
watei-lotted hemp of domestic pioduction, I cannot but
ic:;iof that it ha-? been by the sacrifices of your own piop-
, eih, acaravatcd by repealed (hsappoiritinents in socking
•;ome linle iccotppen^e for yout labors, losses, and mortifi-
cation. a< it wa- m a g,-eat degiec thiouglv my cncouiagc-
nicnt and ^ohcitationb you weie induced to enter on tins
hazardotH onterpri&c. I have been, ain, and always, shall
! he willinsf to lend my aid, so f.ir a-Urutii will sustain mo, in
ldac.ngjo.tr claim on t'ue lustice of your countiy on the
looting it merits/'
That o'eclnration or letter of the Secretary of
tlie Navy is so full, so clear, and so explicit, that
there cai'i be no doubt at all that Mr. Myerle was
invited tn this experiment; that it was neve? in-
tended that the hemp which he submitted in the
fulfillment of his contract—I was going ti-1 for
the inspection of the board of Navy Commiooion-
ers, but I do not feel inclined to admit that—that
the hemp that was sent to Boston in compliance
with his contract was improperly refused, and im-
properly rejected; and the declaration of Mr. Paul-
ding that I have just read, sustains me in that po-
sition.
It is noedlesf:, it strikes me, to go one step fur-
ther than the declaration made m Mr. Paulding's
letter of February *ic)th, 18-19, to make this case
appear a plain one, and give Mr. Myerle a claim
upon this Government.
The benefits that have resulted from the intro-
duction nf American water-rotted hemp, may be
briefly adverted to. The imports of Russian
! hemp up to 183t>, were from four to six thousand
tons per annum. Since then it has been decreased
1 to the small amount of twelve hundred tons. 1
think tl'is proves conclusively that the introduction
of American water-rotted hemp has been aihanta-
^eo.is fij the agricultural labor of tin ( ni/ntry.
\v r paid iribute to Russia of about ^3,000,000 a
yThere is but a very small amount now im-
ported, !' r the reason that the prodi'dlon r>f
Ai,:""icio! water-rotted hemp lias taken the place
of hemp imported from Russia.
! have referred to the fact that animpressionpre-
vailed io Kentucky, and also in Missouri, 1 sup-
p..-c, ti.at the proces-.-i of water-rotting hemp was
iii;uiioas to the health of the surroniidmsr inhabi-
tants. It tv;;ui'«i a good deal of personal exertion
and iailuenee to puisuade the people to the con-
trary. That prejudice has, however, been over-
cMne, ai.d hence the lat i;e piodnciion <.f Amencan
Waiei-rtfMed hemp. To Mr. Mverlcatc we mainly
ntd.-'ccd for remt^-nii; ihat prejudice, and for sue-
(i-fsl'ully ' i.rrym'j; '■;> ilnsgreat national enterprise.
Mr. Alve-iV Ir.s Hi ro 1'Iir- hour, received nocom-
jieii-.-tion for 111;-: -! ■;:t public work. The receipts
for 11.s hen-.,! .a ihe amouiH agreed npiin, were to
compel).vu; iiu-t for entering into tins enterprise
. with the zeal and perseverance that he manifested.
