2218
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 14,
It was to have been received and paid for by the
Government, and was not to be rejected for any
trifling reason, or indeed at all.
The gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. Breckin-
ridge] has offered an amendment, which is now-
pending before the committee, directing that the
amount to be paid to Mr. Myerle shall be held
back until the claim of Messrs. Montmullen &
Cornwall has been adjudicated in a legal manner.
Now, sir, I said the other day, and I am prepared
to reiterate the declaration, that Montmullen &
Cornwall have no legal or just claim upon the
amount that may be vfcted to Mr. Myerle. He
entered into an agreement with them that they
were to advance him money, with which he might
procure the means of water-rotting hemp. It was
understood that they were to have a lien upon the
hemp until the amount of the advances made to
Mr. Myerle were paid. Thirty tons of hemp—
of the two hundred tons under the first contract—
were shipped to Boston, where the hemp had to
undergo inspection by the Board of Navy Com-
missioners. That board, as is known, rejected
the hemp. Montmullen & Cornwall obtained
possession of that hemp, and its future history is
only known from the general commercial knowl-
edge which business men obtain from circum-
stances around them, which informs them that an
article like that is sent from one market to another.
Montmullen & Cornwall obtained possession of i
those thirty tons of hemp, had it made into bale-
rope,and sent it to some other point forsale. Mr.
Myerle never received a farthing from the pro-
ceeds of that sale, nor has he had an account ren-
dered to him by Montmullen & Cornwall up to
this hour of the amount advanced to him, of which
he is profoundly ignorant. The contract with
Montmullen & Cornwall, perhaps, ought not to
be the subject of comment, certainly not of reflec-
tion, here; but it was a pretty hard bargain, in
my estimation.
The first contract was for two hundred tons of
hemp, for which $60,000 was to be paid by the
Government. Taking the contract for two hun-
dred tons of hemp, and placing the cost of the
hemp at $250 per ton, that would make a busi-
ness transaction of $50,000. The average time
to close the transactions between Montmullen &
Cornwall and Myerle was six months, and the
amount of interest paid to that firm was one per
cent, per month, which, upon that sum, would
have yielded them $3,000. They had from Mr.
Myerle two and a half per cent, for guarantying
the payment of his drafts, which, taking the
$50,000 as a basis, would yield $2,500. They
were then paid the difference of exchange between
Lexington and Boston, which at that period was
seven and a half per cent., yielding upon §50,000,
S3,750. For packing and shipping the two hun-
dred tons, they were to receive $8 per ton, which
would have yielded $1,600. The acceptances that
they gave to the farmers who were engaged in
producing this hemp, which were drawn at ninety
Gays, were cashed at one and a half per cent, per
month, which would yield $1,115 by the same
process of reasoning and calculation. If, there-
fore, the two hundred tons had been received by
the Government, as they ought to have been,
§10,000 would lmve been the profit upon the ad-
vances made by Montmullen & Cornwall. They
were and, I suppose, still are rich men. Their
husines's was dealing in money, and making
advances by which they were likely to be advan-
taged. ft was, perhaps, perfectly proper and
consistent with such transactions that they should
make the best bargain they could, and I have not
submitted this statement to the consideration of
the committee with a view to find fault with any
business arrangement made between Mr. Myerle
and Montmullen & Cornwall; but I have sub-
mitted it to show that there was a very strong in-
ducement to enter into this operation, in a com-
mercial point of view, because the profits were
likely to be large.
Well, sir, the hemp was rejected, contrary to
the agreement and understanding between the
♦Secretary of the Navy and Mr. Myerle. It was
immediately taken possession of by Montmullen
& Cornwall, as well as about fffty tons still re-
maining in Kentucky. ^ The eighty tons thus in
their possession, if legitimately disposed of, would
have been sufficient to have paid all their claim,
and, perhaps, have left sufficient to remunerate
Mr. Myerle for the great sacrifices that he made
in this enterprise. As it happened, he got none
of it, and Montmullen & Cornwall reaped the re-
sults of all his labor. Mr. Myerle desired to have
an opportunity of coming to Washington with
the purpose of having an interview with the Sec-
retary of the Navy, to endeavor to persuade that
gentleman to relieve him from the conclusions
arrived at by the Board of Naval Commissioners.
He desired Montmullen & Cornwall to permit the
hemp to remain in the possession of the agent of
the Government, which they refused to do. As I
said, they took possession of the whole of it.
Now, if the eighty tons had been sold at §250 per
ton, it certainly would have been sufficient to pay
ail the advances madeby Montmullen & Cornwall,
at all events. Mr. Myerle had no account of the
amount they advanced, or the amount of indebt-
edness from those advances. Now, I contend that
the very knowledge of the fact that these gentle-
men had possession of all the hemp, should be
sufficient to persuade this committee to vote down
the proposition of the gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Breckinridge,] even if it were in order, be-
cause if the hemp had been received by the Gov-
ernment, as it ought to have been, he would have
received enough to pay the advances made by
Montmullen & Cornwall, as I before said, and
probably enough to have paid Mr. Myerle for the
influence he exerted in establishing and in perfect-
ing this enterprise.
Mr. Myerle, after having petitioned Congress
in 1844 tor relief, pleading that he hsd a just
claim, solicited Montmullen & Cornwall to sub-
mit a statement of their losses, if any, on the ad-
vances they made to him, and desired their coop-
eration in pressing this claim upon the justice of
Congress. Montmullen & Cornwall, however,
refused to cooperate with him in pressing his
claim. They also refused to submit a statement
of the amount of money advanced by them.
Mr. Chairman, I have but one other point to
w-hich I wish to refer, and I will conclude my re-
marks. I desire to submit to the consideration of
this committee, the result of the investigation
which was made upon the qualities of this hemp,
as compared with the best Russian water-rotted
hemp. It is the first official report ever made upon
American water-rotted hemp. It was made in
compliance with an order issued by a board of na-
val commissioners in Boston. I submit this report
for another reason. I submit it, to prove that
great injustice was done Mr. Myerle, and to
Montmullen & Cornwall, if they suffered by it,
by the rejection of this hemp; and that there was
no good reason for its rejection, so far as its qual-
ity was concerned, except, perhaps, in a want of
cleanliness, which was incidental in trying a new
experiment.
Mr. HALL. Will the gentleman permit me
to ask him one question ?
Mr. FLORENCE. Certainly.
Mr. HALL. I desire to ask the gentleman
what Montmullen & Cornwall got for this rejected
hemp?
Mr. FLORENCE. That is the question?
Mr. HALL. That is the question I put to the
gentleman.
Mr. FLORENCE. Very well, I will tell the
gentleman what they did with it; but what they
got for it precisely, 1 cannot tell. After this hemp
was rejected by the Board ofNaval Commissioners,
Montmullen & Cornwall took possession of all of
it, and sent it to New Orleans, where it was
kept for three years, and made up into bale rope.
If they had sold it at the time, they would have
realized a large sum of money from it. But, sir,
the market fell—to use a commercial term; the
pi ice of the article was reduced, and they lost on
it in consequence. Now, I want to know, if the
fact that Montmullen & Cornwall took the hemp,
and kept it in their possession until the price of
the article was reduced, is to be urged as a reason
to show that this hemp was not a good arti-
cle? Was it Mr. Myerle's fault that it remained
there ?
Mr. HALL. I desire to ask the gentleman one
other question, for I expect after all, I know more
about this matter than the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania. Was not this hemp found to be such
a miserable and worthless article that it had to be
sold as dew-rotted hemp for about $100 a ton,
while Russia water-rotted hemp was selling at the
same time for $230 a ton ?
Mr. FLORENCE. I do not admit any such
thing. But even admitting it, that makes no dif-
ference. This was a new experiment.
Mr. HALL. But I understand this claim is
based upon the ground that this hemp should not
have been rejected.
Mr. FLORENCE. Very well; then I will sat-
isfy the gentleman upon this point by reading the
report made by Mr. Whitmore, of theinvestjga-
tion made under the direction of the Naval Board
of Commissioners, affording as it does an addi-
tional evidence of the importance of the enterprise
in which Mr. Myerle was engaged, and the im-
mediate advantageous consequences to the naval
resources of the Republic. The report to which
I refer, and to the reading of which I desire the
especial attention of the gentleman from Missouri,
[Mr. Hall,] and to which I crave also the atten-
tive consideration of the House, adduces incon-
trovertible facts, showing the strength and quality
j of the first water-rotted hemp forwarded from Ken-
tucky in 1840. It will appear from this report,
that the water rotted hemp of Mr. Myerle was
actually proven to be superior to the best Russia hemp.
I will add here that this official report was made
by Stephen Whitmore, junior, foreman of the naval
rope-walk at Charlestown, in the State of Mas-
sachusetts. I may also, before I read the report,
be permitted to state that in all, about two hun-
dred tons of water-rotted hemp furnished by Mr.
Myerle under this contract, was rejected by the
agents of the Navy Department, and being thrown
upon his hands was sold at a great loss in Europe
and in the United States, by which serious and
irretrievable embarrassments were brought upon
him. But I will hasten to read the report:
" Navy-Yard, Charlestown, November 22,1840.
"Sir: In compliance with your order of November 2,
I have examined and experimented upon the different sam-
ples of Aineiican hemp received from the Board of Navy
Commissioners, and have compared them with the best
Riga, Rhine, and St- Petersburgh hemp. T would respect-
fully submit the following results of the experiments:
"The average strength of three trials.—Sample
No. 1, tow f xtracted 14 per cent., sustained a weight com-
pared with a rope of l| inches, untarred, 5.040 pounds;
tarred, 5,502 pounds.
"Sample No. 2, tow extracted 25 per cent., sustained a
weight compared with a rop« 1-| inches, untarred, 4,284
pounds; tarred, 4,431 pounds.
" Sample No. 3, tow extracted 22 per cent., sustained a
weight compared with a rope 1J inches, untarred, 5,922
pounds; tarred,5,481 pounds.
"Riga, Rhine, tow extracted 19 per cent., sustained a-
weight compared as above, untarred, 4,746 pound*; tarred,
4,893 pounds.
"St. Petersburgh, clean tow extracted 22 per cent., sus-
tained a weight as above, untarred,4,011 pounds; tarred,
3,948 pounds."
Mr. II ALL. By whom was this report made ?
Mr. FLORENCE. It was made in compliance
with an order issued by the Board of Naval Com-
missioners, on the 22d of November, 1840, by
Stephen Whitmore, jr., rope-maker.
Mr. HALL. With reference to what hemp
was this report made ?
Mr. FLORENCE. It is in reference to Mr,
Myerle's hemp. It is a comparison between that
ana Russian hemp.
Mr. HALL. That report was not in reference
to the hemp of Mr. Myerle, which was rejected
by the Board.
Mr. FLORENCE. Well, I will read the state-
ment, and the gentleman will see what it was. It
was an investigation made by order of the Board
of Naval Commissioners, for the purpose of ascer-
taining the difference between American water-
rotted hemp and Russian hemp.
Mr. HALL. The gentleman says this hemp
of Mr. Myerle was taken possession of by Mont-
mullen & Cornwall, carried to New Orleans and
manufactured into bale rope. Now, I want to
know if it was upon this bale rope that these ex-
j periments were made?
Mr. FLORENCE. No, certainly not.
Mr. HALL. How, then, were these experi-
ments made upon this hemp, if it was all made
into bale rope?
Mr. FLORENCE. It was upon that furnished
by Mr. Myerle.
Mr. HALL. Then Mr.Myerle had charge of
this hemp?
Mr. FLORENCE. No, sir, Montmullen &
Cornwall had charge of the he$ip which was re-
jected.
Mr. HALL. How could the experiment have
been made upon this hemp, then, if Montmullen
& Cornwall had it in their possession?
Mr. FLORENCE. I said they took possession
