1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
"443
The question was then taken, and the House
refused to suspend the rules—ayes 54, noes not
counted.
THE PERCENTAGE ACCOUNTS.
Mr. DISNEY asked the unanimous consent of
the House to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands be in
structed to inquire into the expediency of providing by law?
so that the accounting officers, in computing the amoun1
due to the respective States on account of the percentage
to which they are entitled upon the proceeds of the sales
of the public lands within their limits, shall embrace, as
sales, all public lands granted on account oi military services.
Mr. TOOMBS objected.
Mr. DISNEY moved that the rules be sus-
pended.
The question was taken, and, upon a division,
44 rose in the affirmative.
Mr. DISNEY demanded tellers; but they were
not ordered.
So the rules were not suspended.
MAIL SERVICE ON THE OHIO AND MISSIS-
SIPPI.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, asked the
unanimous consent of the House to introduce the
following resolution; which was read for the in-
formation of the House, viz:
Resolved, That the Committee on the *Post Office and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the means of m-
gamzing an efficient system of mail scrvice on the Ohio
and Mississippi rivers, and that they report by bill or other-
wise.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I object.
Mr. STANTON. I move that the rules be
suspended, to enable me to introduce the resolu-
tion.
The question was put, and upon a division
there were—ayes 53, noes not counted.
fc> So the House refused to suspend the rules.
SPIRIT RATION IN THE NAVY.
Mr. GOODENOW asked the unanimous con-
sent of the House to offer the following resolu-
tion; which was read for information, viz:
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of abolishing the
spirit ration in the Navy, and of increasing the pay of all
classes of enlisted men in that service.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I object.
Mr. GOODENOW. I move to suspend the
rules, to enable me to introduce the resolution;
and upon that question I demand the yeas and
nays.
Mr. FOWLER. I call for tellers upon the
yeas and nays. Tellers were not ordered.
The question was then taken on the motion to
suspend the rules; and there were upon a division
—ayes 54, noes not counted.
So the House refused to suspend the rules, and
the resolution was not introduced.
NON-INTERVENTION.
Mr. BRAGG. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to present certain resolutions,
adopted by the Legislature of Alabama, upon the
subject of intervention. I do not desire to have
them read even. I move they be printed and re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. CARTTER. I object.
Mr. BRAGG. Then I move a suspension of
the rules.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I call for the
reading of the resolutions.
The CHAIRMAN. If gentlemen will come
to order, the resolutions will be read for informa- !
tions.
The resolutions were then read as follows: j
Joint Resolutions expressive of Ihe sense of the General J
Assembly of Alabama in relnlion to the policy to be pur-
sued by "our Government m its intercourse with foreign ]
nations.
Wliereas, from many indications of popular feeling in
some of the States of this Government, and from the
speeches and acts of many public men hisrli in the confi-
dence of their mvn constituents, and m that of the people
of tlie United States, we are led to the belief that a spirit
of interference 111 the political affairs of the European con-
tinent prevails to so great an extent as to induce the fear
that for the want of calm reflection, we may be involved in
all the troubles and difficulties of the political affairs of na-
tions and people far lemovcd from us :
Be it thei efore rcsoltcd. by the Senate and House of
Representatives of the Stute of Jlhibama in G-cneral
Ji^semblij convened, Thflt we hold it to be the duty of the
Government and the people of the United States to culti-
vate relations of amity and good will with all the nations of
the eaith ; in peace to treat all as friends, in war enemies ;
and to have entangling alliances with none; and to prac-
tice literally the doctune of non-intervention.
Resolved, That the Governor be requested to forward
these resolutions to onr Senators and Representatives in
Congress, with a request to lay the same beiore their re-
spective bodies.
JOHN D. RATHER,
Speaker of ihe House oj Representatives.
CHARLES McLEMOBE,
Speaker oj the Senate*
Approved, January 9th, 1852. H. W. COLLIER.
The question was then taken, and the rules
were suspended.
Mr. BRAGG. I move that the resolution be
referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and
be printed; which motion was agreed to.
INTERVENTION.
Mr. SKELTON, I move that the rules of the
House be suspended, for the purpose of introdu-
cing a aeries of resolutions passed by the Legis-
lature of the State of New Jersey upon the sub-
ject of intervention.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I object.
[Cries of " Read!" " Read!"]
The resolutions were then read for information.
[They will be found in the proceedings of the Sen-
ate of to-day.]
Theauestion was then taken,and the rules were
suspended.
Mr. SKELTON. I move that the resolutions
be referred to the Committee on Foreign Allaire,
and be printed; which motion was agreed to.
SUSPENDED AND DISALLOWED CLAIMS.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced the following resolution; which
was adopted, viz:
Resolved, That the President of the United States he
requested to transmit to this House, m addition to the in-
formation called for by the resolution which passed this
House on the 2oth of Januaiy, lb52, relative to impended
and disallowed claims, a statement, specifying the claims
which have been allowed upon additional testimony fur-
nished to the Departments since the 4th of March, 1849.
AMENDMENTS TO THE CONSTITUTION.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I ask the
unanimous consent of the House for the introduc-
tion of the following joint resolution, proposing
amendments to the Constitution of the United
States, viz:
Resolved, <$ c., That the following amendments to the
Constitution of the United States be proposed to the Legis-
latures of the several States, which, when ratified by the
Legislatuies of three fourths of the States, shall he valid to
all intents and purposes as part of the Constitution :
That hereafter, the President and Vice Pic-idcnt of tfie
United Suites shall be chosen by the people of the respeetfte
States, m the manner following: Each Stale shall be divi-
ded, by the Legislature thereof, into distuets, equal in
number to the whole number of Senators and Representa-
tives to whieh such State may be entitled in the Congiess
of the United States; the said districts to be composed of
contiguous territoiy, and to contain, as nearly as may be,
an equal number ot peraous entitled to be represented under
the Constitution, and to be laid off, lor the fir>t time, imme-
diately alter the ratification of this amendment, and after-
wards, at the session of the Legislature ne.vt enduing the ap-
portionment of representatives b> the Congress oi rhe United
States; that, on the first Thursday in August, m the year
eighteen hundred and fifty-six, and on the same day every
fourth year thereafter the citizens of each State who possess
the jjuahhations iequi«ite for electors of the most numetom
branch ot the State Legislatures, «hall meet within their
respective districts, and vote foi a Piesidentand Vice Pres-
ident ol the United States, one of whom at least shall not
be,an inhabitant of the same State with themselves ; and
the person receiving the greatest number of voles tor Presi-
dent, and the one recomng the gieatest number of votes loi
Vice President in each distnct, shall be holden to have re
ceived one vote; winch fact shall be immediately certified
by the Governor of the State, to each of the Senators in
Congress from such State, and to the Pi evident ot the Sen-
ate and the Speaker ot the Ilouse of Representatives. The
Confess of the United States shall be m session on the
second Monday in October, in the year eighteen hundred
and fifty-six, and on the same day on eveiy fourth year
thereatter; and the President ot the Senate, in the presence
of the Senate and House ol Repiesentatives, shall open all
the certificates, and the votes shall then be counted. The
person having the greateot number of votes for President,
shall be President, if such number be equal to a majority o{
the whole number of votes given; but if no person have
such majority, then a second election shall be held on the
first Thmsdav in the month ot December then next ensuing,
between the peisons having the two highest numbers for
the office of Piesident; which second election shall be con-
ducted, the result certified, and the votes counted, in the
same manner as in the fiist; and the person having the
greatest number of votes for President, shall be President.
But if two or more persons shall have received the greatest,
and an equal number of votes, at the second election, then
the person who shall have received the greatest number of
votes in the greatest number of States, shall be President.
The person having the greatest number of votes for Vice
President, at the fir«t election, shall be Vice President, it
such number be equal to a majontyof the whole number of
votes given; and if no person have such majorit), then a
second election shall take place between the persons having
the two highest numbers, on the same day that the second
i election is held for President; and the peison having the
highest number of the votes for Vice President, shall" b$
Vice President. Butiftbere should happen to bean equal-
ity of votes between the persons so voted for at the second
election, then the person having the greatest number of
votes in the greatest number of States, shall be Vice Presi-
dent. But when a second election shall be necessary in the
case of Vice President, and not necessary ia the case of
President, then the Senate shall choose a ^ce President
from the persons having the two highest numbers in the
first election, as is now prescribed in the Conjugation.
Sec. i2. J3nd be it further resolved. That article one,
section three, be amended by striking out the word "Le-
gislature," and inserting in lieu thereof, the following
words, viz: " persons qualified to vote for members of the
most numejoirs branch of the Legislature," so as to make
the third section of said article when ratified by thre<5
fourths of the States, read as follows, to wit:
The Senate of the United States shall be composed of
two Senators from each State, chosen by the persons quali-
fied to vote for the members of the most numerous branch
of the Legislature thereof, for six years, and each Senator
shall have one vote.
Sec 4- JSnd be it further resolved, That article three,
section one, be amended by striking out the words " good
behavior," and inserting the following vroids, viz; "the
term of twelve years." And further, that said article and
section be amended by adding the following thereto, viz:
"and it shall be the dutyof the President of the United
States, within twelve mouths after the ratification of this
amendment by three fourths of all the States as provided
by the Constitution of the United States, to divide the whole
number of judges as near as may be piacticable, into three
elapses. The scats of the judges of the first class shall be
vacated at the expiration of the fourth yearfrom such clas-
sification ; of the second class, at the expiration of the
eighth year; and of the third class, at the expiration of the
twelfth year, so that one third may be chosen every fourth
year thereafter."
The article as amended, will read as follows:
article iii.
Section X. The judicial power of the United States shall
be vested in one Supreme Court, and in such inferior com to
as the Congress from time to time may ordain and estab-
lish. The judges, both of the supreme and inferior courts,
shall hold their offices during thi teim of twelve years, and
shall, at stated times, receive for their services a com-
pensation, which shall not be diminished during their con-
tinuance m office. And n shall be the duty of the Presi-
dent of the United States, within twelve months after the
ratification of this amendment by three fouithsof all the
States as provided by the Constitution of the United States,
to divide the whole number of judges, as near as may be
practicable, into three classes. The seats oi the judges of
the first cla-ss, shall be vacated at the expiration of the fourth
year from such classification ; of the second class, at the
expiration of the eighth year; and of the third class, at the
expiration of the twelfth year, so that one third may be
chosen every fourth year thereafter.
Objection was made to its introduction.
Mr. JOHNSON moved a suspension of the
rules for the purpose indicated by him; which
motion, upon a division, was agreed to—ayes 89,
noes 33.
The joint resolution was read a first and second
time by its title, referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and ordered to he printed.
^ COAST SURVEY MAPS.
Mr. RIDDLE, from the Committee on En-
graving, reported the following resolution, viz:
Resolved, That the Committee on Engraving be and they
are hereby authorized to contract for engtaving or litho-
graphing seven thousand-five hundred and twenty sets of
maps accompanying the report of the Superintendent of
the Coast Suivey, provided that the cost shall not exceed
$6,000.
Mr. GOODENOW. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I move the House adjourn.
Mr. JOHN W. HOWE called for the yea3
and nays; which were not ordered.
The question was then put, upon a division, and,
there were 52 ayes and 84 noes.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. What neces-
sity is theie for the printing of this number of
maps ?
Mr. RIDDLE. I will state, for the information
of the House, that we have already ordered the
printing of six thousand extra copies of the report
of the Superintendent of the Coast Survey in ad-
dition to the usual number authorized bylaw—fif-
teen hundred and twenty. The committee thought
they had no right to contract for the engraving of
extra sets of maps without an order from the
House, and they have directed me, therefore, to
offer the resolution just read. The Senate have
ordered the printing of ten thousand extra copies,
and the extra numbers ordered by the House can
be had much cheaper by being lithographed at the
same time.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. The remarks
of the gentleman, so far as they have proceeded,
give me the information I wanted. 1 will ask
another question, whether this resolution will in-
terfere at all with the electrotyping now adopted
by the Coast Survey?
