1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1855
that, if they think proper, they might make this
private bill day. We might go on with private
bills to-day, and let this bill take the place of pri-
vate bills to-morrow.
Mr. HUNTER. T think we had better go on
with the other amendments to-day.
The PRESIDENT. The pending amendment
can be passed over by unanimous consent.
There was no objection, and it was accordingly
passed over.
Mr. BADGER. I should be very glad to know,
and I think we ought to know it now-, whether it
is the intention of the Senate to give this bill, to-
morrow, the place which would be, under the rule,
occupied by private bills ? It is a matter of some
importance that that should be known, because
there are gentlemen here who are desirous to be
absent from the city for a day or two, and who
would not be here if to-morrow should be devoted
to private bills.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope that to-morrow will
be given to the deficiency bill. It is very import-
ant that we should act on that measure as soon as
possible. I have now some amendments to offer,
under the instructions of the Committee on Fi-
nance. The first is to add at the end of the first
section of the bill the following:
For the reconstruction orrepairof thesteamer Bibb, used
in the survey of the Nantucket Shoals, $18,000.
This is in pursuance of estimate. It is neces-
sary, in order to complete the survey, which is a
very important one, and in order to use the work
in season, that the appropriation should now be
made.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. I offer the following, under
the instructions of the Committee on Finance, to
come in after the amendment which has just been
adopted:
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to investigate the
conduct of the Indian agents in California, who, without
authority of law, or officialinstructions, have contracted
heavy liabilities for beef and other supplies, alleged to have
been furnished to various tribes of Indians while negotia-
ting treaties; and to ascertain whether the Govemmentmay
properly be held liable to claims on account of such con
tracts, $10,000.
This is in pursuance of an estimate from the
Department. It is designed to enable the Depart-
ment to investigate the conduct of those Indian
agents, of whom we have heard so much, and to
ascertain the real state of the facts. I ask that
this allowance may be made, in order to have these
investigations made.
Mr. RUSK. I shall certainly vote against the
amendment. What is the business of the officers
who receive regular salaries, but to investigate
these accounts, when they are returned? The
adoption of this amendment will authorize them
to appoint other agents, and when these questions
shall come before us again, they will become vastly
more complicated than they are at present.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. DAWSON. I suppose the chairman ofthe
Committee on Finance will propose the amend-
ment again, when the bill shall be reported to the
Senate.
Mr. HUNTER. It can be proposed in the
Senate.
Mr. DAWSON. I hope the chairman will
recollect it.
Mr. HUNTER. I shall try to remember it.
Under the instructions of the Finance Committee,
I offer the following, to come in after the amend-
ment last adopted:
J?ntf he it farther enacted, That the Secretary of the
Trea«ury be, and he is hereby, authorized to purchase for
the United States, a suitable piece of ground, at a central
point in the city of San Francisco, California, a* a site for j
the erection of the cu?tom house heretofore authorized to
be built: Provided, That said site or ground maybe ob-
tained with good and sufficient title to the United Slates, in
exchange for such leasonable portion of the Government re-
serve in that city, as the said Secretary shall d-eem just and
equitable; or for a sum, in lieu thereof, not exceeding
$40,000. And to enable the Secretary of the Treasury to
carry into effect this provision, the sum of $40,000 is herebv
appropiiated : Provided, That if the said Secretary shall fail
to obtain ground on satisfactory terms, then the said sum, or (
such portion tlieieof as shall b^ necessary, maybe expended
in providing the proper foundations for said custom-house,
on the site lieretol'oie selected for that purpose.
This is in pursuance of an estimate; and it arises
from the fact, that the lot owned by the United
States is a water-lot; and the additional cost of em-
banking and filling it up, m order to construct a
custom-house, will be a great deal more than a lot
could be bought for. The site which it is pro-
posed to obtain, is a much more convenient one
than that already in the possession of the Govern-
ment. It is hoped that the Department may be
able to make an exchange of some of the lots now
belonging to the Government, for the one which
is desired. This appropriation is earnestly recom-
mended by the Department, and, 1 believe, the
Government will save money by the adoption of
the provision. If we build the custom-house on
the present lot belonging to the Government, it
will be a very expensive undertaking.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. I offer the following amend-
ments in pursuance of estimates from the Post
Office Department:
For arrears of contingent expenses occasioned in part by
insufficient estimates in preceding yeais, and by a largei
quantity of bldnk books- and stationery, office eases, and
other furniture made necessary by the late act reducing the
rates of postage, and by the great progressive increase of
business in the JPo^t Office Department, $7,500.
For compensation to temporary clerks employed condi-
tionally to bring up arreais of business in the dead letter
office, ."$1,002 67.
Foi fuel for the General Post Office building, from the
20th of February, 1832, to the end ofthe season, $7 50.
The amendments were agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 have now got through with
my amendments from the Committee on Finance.
I understand that the Committee on Indian Affairs
have some amendments to offer.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. Mr. President, I will
offer, under instructions from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, several amendments for the pur-
pose of supplying deficiencies in the service of the
Indian Department for the current year. They
are literally and technically deficiencies, with the
exception of one which I will expfSin at the proper
time. These amendments are all based on esti-
mates from the Indian Office, sent regularly to the
Senate, copies being furnished both to the Com-
mittee on Finance, and to the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, as is the habit of that office. The
first amendment is to insert the following:
For expenses of treating with the Indians and Half-Breeds,
for the extinguishment of the title to their lands on the Red
river of the North, in the Territory of Minnesota, being in
addition to the appropriation for the same object made the
30th of September, 1850, §901 05.
This is to meet an outstanding debt contracted
for holding what is called the " Pembina" treaty.
In explanation of that, I will read a letter from
Governor Ramsay, Superintendent of Indian Af-
fairs of Minnesota, on this subject:
Minnesota Sitperintenukncy, >
St. Paul, February 27, 1852. $
I have the honor to inclose herewith my accounts and
vouchers for the quarter ending 31st of December, 1851.
You will see that of the funds placed in my hands to defray
the expenses of the Pembina treaty, there is a balance m
favor ofthe Government of $6 45, but there are yet unpaid
demands against the Government on account of said treaty,
of £907 50, so that it will require .$901 05 in addition to the
small balance in hand, to pay off those claims. I request
that the above sum may be remitted to me, and hope it will
be convenient for the Depaitment to do so out of some fund
on hand, so that it may not be subjected to the delay of a
congressional appropriation.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. The next amendment is
the following:
For the sum first advanced to the Chippewa Indians of
the Mississippi undei the 3d article of the treaty of 2d of
August, 1847, to he expended in opening fauns for their ben-
efit, and extending their farming facilities, $5,000.
Mr. President, by the lerms of the treaty made
with the Chippewa Indians of the Mississippi, the
United Stales have agreed to pay them an annual
sum of $1,000 for agricultural purposes. By ex-
perience heretofore m the expenditure of that sum,
it has been found that that amount is not sufficient
to answer the purpose, and they have asked the
Government to advance them five annual pay-
ments, amounting to $5,000, for the purpose of
completing the improvements upon the small tract
of country they now inhabit, sufficient to enable
the Indians to engage m agricultural purposes.
The tribe consists of eight hundred or one thou-
sand persons, living on something like a town-
ship, or half a township of land. They have m
cultivation sixty acres. It is thought by the Indian
agent that they ought to have six hundred acres,
and this advance is asked for that purpose. It is
recommended, as will be seen by the following
letter, addressed to the chairman of the Commit
tee on Indian Affairs, by the acting Secretary of
the Interior, not only by the local agent appointed
for the tribe, but by the Superintendent of Indian
Affairs of the Northwest:
Department of the Interior, Jipril 6,1852.
Sir t I have the honor to transmit a communication from
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, with accompanying
estimate*, which it was impossible to submit at the com-
mencement of the session for want of the necessary data,
and respectfully to recommend that the several items
thereof be inserted in the deficiency bill now before the
Senate. J. J. CRITTENDEN,
Acting, Secretary«
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RUSK. I desire to offer an amendment
which should have been attached to the one pre-
sented by the Senator from Virginia, under the
direction of the Committee on Finance, in rela-
tion to special agents of the Post Office Depart-
ment. I offer it under the direction of the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads, and on
the recommendation and estimates of the Post-
master General. It is as follows:
For the payment of the salaries of the special agents of
the Post Office Department, to the end of the fiscal year
ending the 30th of June, 1852, .$11,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. 1 submit the four following
amendments, from the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs, all embracing small sums of the same char-
acter, and the question can be taken on them all
at the same time:
For fulfilling treaties with the Wmnebagoes, to wit: pur-
chase of tobacco, per 2d article of the treaty of the 1st of
August, 1829, and 5th article of the treaty of the 15th of
September, 1832, ^375.
For fulfilling tuMties with theOttawas and Chippewas,
to wit: puichase of tobacco, per 4th article of the treaty of
tho 26th March, 1836, .$300.
For fulfilling treaties with the Sacs and Foxes ofJhe
Mississippi, to wit: purchase of tobacco, per 4th articre of
the treaty ofthe 21st September, 1832, $200.
For fulfilling treaties with the Menomonees, to wit: pur-
chase of tobacco, per second article of the treaty of the 28tli
March, 1836, $100.
Those items all arise under treaties with the four
different tribes, under articles which appear to have
been a mere transcript of each (fther, by which the
Government is under obligations to furnish so
many thousand pounds of tobacco to the Indians,
regardless of expense. The appropriations made
last year were found, in consequence of a rise in
the price of tobacco, to be insufficient for the pur-
chase of the stipulated amount. These are esti-
mates from the Indian Office for the purpose of
purchasing the whole number of ppunds required
by the treaties. They are not for debts contracted
by the Department, for the quantity of tobacco
corresponding with the amounts here were not
given to the Indians, although they ought to have
been in the beginning of the present year.
The amendments were agreed to.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. The last amendment which
I am directed to offer by the Committee on Indian
Affairs, is as follows:
For payment to the following-named tribes of Indians, of
the undor-mentioned sums due them, retained by the late
sub Indian agent, William H. Bruce, the same to be reim-
bursed to the United States when rccoveied from said sub-
agent or his sureties, to wit: for the Menomonees, $9,466^27;
for the Chippewas, Menomonees, Winnebagoes, and New
York Indians, ,$521 59: for the Six Nations of New York,
$22 50; for the Stockb'iidgc, $ 1,106; making in the whole,
$11,116 36.
In a communication received from the Indian
Department, the committee were informed that the
bonds of the sub-agent have been placed in suit to
recover the amounts specified, and that it is deemed
but just that the Government should at once make
good the amount withheld from the Indians. In
further explanation, 1 will say, in reference to the
amounts asked for in the amendment, that they
are moneys due from the Government of the Uni-
ted States to the different Indian tribes, with the
disbursement of which the sub-agent was charged.
The money was never paid to the Indians. The
agents' bonds have been placed in suit for the re-
covery of the amounts that he ou?ht to have paid
over as Government a?ent; and the only question
now is, whether we shall compel the Indians to
wait until they are recovered, or do as we are
bound by treaty obligations to do—foot up the
loss at once, and take the chance of indemnity from
the Indian agent ourselves? That is the question
presented.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN. T am directed by the Commit-
tee on Commerce, and in pursuance of a letter
from the Secretary of the Treasury, which I hold
■ in my hand, recommending the same, to offer the
following amendment:
For the purchase ofthe site on which to erect the custom-
house, Bangor, Maine, $15,000. ,
