1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2219
of it and refused to give it up. But if the gentle-
man will allow me to read, 1 think the report itself
will make the matter plain:
" I will remark that the samples No. 1 and No. 3 of the
American hemp were of extra quality and great strength,
and much better cleaned than any I ever seen before.
Sample No. '2 was of good quality, but not equal to the
others. I should judge it to be a fair sample ot American
hemp generally. A merican hemp is brought into the market
packed in bales, a part of which is good, and a part of in-
ferior quality, no attention having been paid to &electingthe
good from the bad. The Russia hemp is inspected and sep-
arated by a regular inspector into three qualities—the first
quality is called the clean hemp, the second out shot, the
third half clean. These same qualities are found in the
American, which should be inspected and separated in a
similar manner."
Now, sir, I desire particular attention to the next
paragraphs:
" Subject the hemp ef Mr. Myerle to inspection, I have
no doubt, judging iiom the samples he has furnished, that
a large proportion of it will be found of very superior qual-
ity, stronger than any imported hemp, and nearly as well
cleaned.
'•The objections to rope made of American hemp are,
that it decays sooner than Russia hemp rope; there is a de-
cayed glutinous substance attached to the fibre, which pre-
vents the tar from penetrating it properly, and also has a
tendency to rot the rope. These samples I found to be very
free from this substance. The process of water-rottm?, I
should think, would work this substance off, and remove
the evil in a great measure. I am informed that American
hemp is generally dew-rotted.
" I am, respectfully, your obedient servant.
« STEPHEN WHITMOKE, Jr., Rope-Maker.
" To Com. John Downs,
" Commandant Boston Navy-Yard.1'
That is the report of Mr. Whitmore. It is the
declaration of a man competent to the task im-
posed upon him, or I presume he would not have
been consulted; and the letter needs no farther
comment from me, however much I may desire to
do so, by contrasting the relative difference be-
tween American water-rotted hemp and Russian
water-rotted hemp. I have no time to do so. I
will now read a statement showing the opinion of
the manufacturer of a portion of this rejected hemp:
The following certificate from the manufacturer
who purchased a large portion of the rejected
hemp, will show its character:
"The quantity of hemp which I purchased from Messrs.
Lombard & Whitmore, water-rotted, I found a very perfect
article, very clean, free from tow and strong fibre. This
hemp, I understood from them, was a parcel they received
from you for Government, but they declined receiving it,
and was therefore obliged to offer and sell to others.
"B. SEWALL, Boston."
Mr. HA.LL. The gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania desires the House to understand this case.
Now, I will state that in this investigation upon
which this report is founded, the hemp of Mr.
Myerle was not touched at all. It was made for
the purpose of testing certain specimens of Ameri-
can water-rotted hemp, but it was not that hemp
which was rejected by the Board. But what I
want to know is, what became of this hemp after
it was rejected ? How much of it remained in
market ? and what was the character of it ?
Mr. FLORENCE. I have said to the gentle-
man before that this hemp was made into bale
rope; and it was sold as bale rope. It was not
sold as hemp at all.
Mr. HALL. It was manufactured as dew-
rotted hemp, because it would not sell as watei-
rotted hemp. For this reason it was manufactured
into bale rope. _
Mr FLORENCE. I have evidence to the con-
trary, if I had time to refer to it. I hope the gen-
tleman who reported this bill, [Mr. Bocock,] will
satisfy the gentleman upon that subject. I have
evidence that a portion of the hemp raised in the
gentleman's own State—raised in Missouri—was
sent to Liverpool and sold; and I have read the
statement of the manufacturer, that it was as good
as the best Russia hemp. I will submit here hut
two paragraphs, extracted from Mr. Myerle s
statement:
" I also made a shipment to Liverpool, which sold for
£1 10 per ton higher than Russia hemp in that market,
f See P. J. Franeia's letter, filed with my papers.) A man-
ufacturer who purchased a portion of the same hemp in this
count, V, stated that it was too good for ordinary purposes,
and that he was reserving it for some finer qualities of
C0«dSuch ha5*been the advances madein the western coun-
try since that period in the water-rotting of hemp, tlmt the
Navy can now procure any amount of the article, of a better
quality than the imported, and at a lower price.
Mr HALL. Does the gentleman mean to
assert that Mr. Myerle ever manufactured any
water-rotted hemp in Missouri ?
Mr. FLORENCE. Yes, sir.
letter from a gentleman from Missouri, which I
hope will satisfy my friend from Missouri [Mr.
Hall] upon that point.
Mr. HALL. Before the gentleman goes on, I
will say that David Myerle never was engaged in
manufacturing hemp in Missouri.
Mr. FLORENCE. My time is short, and I
must say to the gentleman, that I cannot yield
another moment. If the gentleman desires to op-
pose this claim, which I consider just and proper,
let him submit his remarks to the committee, who
will give them whatever weight and consideration
they are entitled to.
1 think I have submitted a very clear case, based
upon facts and testimony which cannot be contro-
verted, and I ask this committee and House to do
justice to a gentleman who has entered into a great
national enterprise, by which the Governmenthas
been largely benefited, but by which he has been
ruined.
Now, for the benefit of my friend from Missoui,
[Mr. Hall,] I will read a letter from a gentleman
from Lafayette county, Missouri:
Washington City, Jlugust 26th, 1850.
Dear Sir: In regard to your inquiries a& to my knowl-
edge of your efforts in the State of Missouri, to the promo-
tion of the growth and preparation of hemp, I can state
knowingly, from being a hemp grower myself, m Lafayette
county, that your efforts have been of incalculable advan-
tage, both to the State and the West generally.
The impetus given by you in the growth and preparation
of that article has commanded the highest admirauon on
the part of the hemp growers and the farmers, generally
producing them an unlimited market, not only in the east,
but also a foreign one for all they can produce, at such prices
as will give Uiem a profitable return for their labor.
Previous to the commencement of your operations in our
State in 1839, the growth of hemp was veiy limited, and
was barely considered as an object of attenuon, arising from
the want of a proper mode of preparing it, and a market.
But since that period, the instruction as to its culture, en-
couragement given and held out by you, has increased the
growth most rapidly to that extent, as being now the great
staple of the State, and the principal reliance which the
farmers have for means to purchase land and the necessa-
ries in domestic purposes, which has been the means also
of changing the appearance of the State from being newly
settled to that of wealth and refinement. As an illustration
of the facts here presented of the prosperous results at-
tending your exertions for several years in our State, I will
state the town of Lexington, located on the Missouri river,
in the county in which I reside, was, previous to your ef-
forts, a dull, monotonous village; since that period it has
become a prominent (depot) for receiving hemp and other
produce, (hemp being the principal article,) which is for-
warded to St. Louis, thence to eastern ports and Europe.
The result attending this business gave an impulse to rapid
improvements. It is now a flourishing town of several thou-
sand inhabitants. It has been a source of great regret that,
as Government bad engaged you in this great national en-
terprise, they had not continued to give you that reasonable
encouragement that the importance of the subject required.
In that event the result would have been at this time to the
country, an abundant supply of a superior article of water-
rotted hemp for the Navy—a large surplus for exportation of
that article to foreign countries.
But the improper rejection of your hemp by the Govern-
ment agents was not only calculated to paralyze the enter-
prise of water-romng, but also discourage th* tarmers Irom
Dursuinc that process, in the preparation of the article for
market. In my opinion, the country owes you the price of
a great benefit for your patriotic efforts and sacufieesjand I
shall be much pleased to learn that Congress has done you
justice, by amply remunerating you for your losses, sacri-
fices, labor, and time, sustained in the prosecution ot this
laudable enterprise; and I feel confident to say, that were
the question of justice by Congress left to the people ot
Missouri, it would receive a unanimous response to your
^I^refer you to the Hon. Judge Atchison, of the United
States Senate, Hon. John S. Phelps, and the Hon. James S.
Green for further evidence of my citizenship m Missouri.
I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
A. 1/. DlilMNliNvT,
gentleman of Louisville, which, I do not doubt,
will be conclusive upon the minds of the commit-
tee, and satisfy them of the fact that serious losses
were sustained by Mr. Myerle, and that he was not
insolvent at the time he entered into the contract
to which I have so frequently referred:
Louisville, July 4,1839.
Dear Sir : Our manufacturing operations are going on
as usual. I have received highly flattering advices from
our agents at New Orleans as to the quality of the cordage.
The ship chandlers who have examined it there, pronounced
it to be of the very first quality, and say if they can obtain
their supplies of us, that they were done ordering from the
North. Our agents say they can sell five hundred tons per
year. If so, ive have only to push, the business to insure a
fortune. Our payments are all made up to the 25th day of
' - ■ WILLIS STEWART.
I will read
Lafayette county, Missouri.
David Myerle, Esq.
Mr. HALL. X wish to ask the gentleman, if
Mr. Benning states that the introduction of hemp
in large quantities into Missouri has a tendency
to civilize our people ?
Mr. FLORENCE. Did not you hear what I
read ? He says it will open a new country there,
induce a large settlement, and be of great advan-
tage by making it the staple of your State.
JSTow, Mr. Chairman, I have one other point to
refer to, and then I will conclude. It was said by
my friend [Mr. Breckinridge] that Mr. Myerle,
at the time he entered into this contract with the
Government, was insolvent. I want to satisfy the
committee, and through them the House, that such
was not the case; but, on the contrary, that this
gentleman made large pecuniary sacrifices, and
comes here with a just claim; and that it is due to
him that Congress should vote him the amount re-
ported by the Committee on Naval Affairs. I will
fead letters and an affidavit from Mr. Stewart, a
David Mverle, Esq.
Louisville, February 15,1845.
Dear Sir t Annexed you will find a statement of what
I suppose an approach pretty nearly to your positive losses
by engaging in the hemp operations. I can give the state-
ment onlyin general terms,for I cannot tell what we might
have made by the business had you continued in the man-
agement. You understood the business; neither Bland or
myself did. That you have done the country, and the hemp
growers of Kentucky and Missouri more particularly, a great
service by your great exertions, overturning the prejudices
which existed in the minds of the farmers themselves
against water-rotting, on account of the supposed unhealth-
iness is most certainly true. I fear, however, Congress
will do nothing for you. The benefactors of our age are
not generally those who derive any of the advantages re-
sulting from their sacrifices and labor. With but a faint
hope of them doing you justice,
I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
' WILLIS STEWART.
David Myerlk, Esq.
In the fall of 1838, John B. Bland and the undersigned
purchased of David Myerle one third each of the Wash-
ington Patent Cordage Manufactory, situated about four
miles below the city of Louisville, on the Ohio river, at the
rate ot <$&0,000, and formed a partnership with said Myerle,
under the name and style of Myerle, Stewart & Bland.
In addition to the purchase above named, the firm expended
almost $4,000 m putting up other necessary buildings, and
also purchased sixteen negroes, at a cost of $14,400. The
establishment commenced operations, perhaps, in Decem-
ber, 1848 ; and soon after its commencement, Mr. Myerle
left the management of the concern, and went on to Wash-
ington to attend to some arrangement that he was about
entering into with the Government to supply water-rotted
hemp to the Navy. He returned some time during the
winter of 1838 and 1839, and thenceforth almost exclusively
devoted his time to inducing the farmers of this State to
commence the water-rotting of their crops of hemp; and
did, in a great degree, succeed in breaking down a pre-
judice that did exist against the process of water-rotting,
which, on account of its supposed unhealthinessj had hith-
erto prevented the hemp growers from undertaking it, and
thereby added, a*? I conceive, immensely to the value of
the hemp growers in the State, and in producing an article
suitable to the uses of the Navy quite equal to the Russian.
The consequence of this withdrawal from the superintend-
ence of the manufacturing operations of the extensi ve con-
cern above named, was the total loss to him of his interest
in the Washington Patent Cordage Factory, and the addi-
tional buildings put up by the firm above referred to, of al-
most $8,000; and I think I shall not he out of the way to
say that his portion of loss on the negroes, and loss by man-
ufacturing operations, would amount, at a fan calculation,
to $4,000 more, to say nothing of his time devoted to en-
ligbtenine the hemp growers on the subject of water-rotting,
and what he might reasonably have lost, and to have made
by attending to the manufacturing operations of the Patent
Cordage Factory. .
Having been a partner in the concern, and having the
books of the concern in my office, I have a pretty good
knowledge of the disastrous effects of Mr. Myers's with-
drawal from the management of the manufacturing opera-
Given under my hand, at Louisville, Kentucky, the 15th
day of February. 1845. WILLIS STEWART.
Subscribed and sworn before me, this 15th day ot *e&-
ruarv, 1845. J. W. CORMICK, J. P.,
In Louisville, Kentucky.
That must satisfy the gentleman, it seems to
me, as to the quality of American water-rotted
hemp, and the sacrifices Mr. Myerle made, and
the position he occupied before he entered into this
contract. . .
I wish to say a word or two m relation to an-
other letter in my possession, proving the serious
losses resulting to Mr. Myerle by this experiment
under a contract with the Government. But I
suppose I have not time. How much time have
I, Mr. Chairman ?
The CHAIRMAN. About one minute more.
Mr. FLORENCE. Well, then, I have just
time enough to earnestly urge the payment of this
claim, which I conceive to be just, and in the sin-
cerity of a sympathyzing heart, to ask this House
to
" Pity The son ows of a poor old man
Whose trembling limb's have borne him to your door.
Whose day5* are dwindled to the shortest span;
Oh, give relief, and Heaven will bless your store.'
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. The considera-
tion of this bill has already consumed the time of
