1856
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 13,
For flie purchase of the *tte on which to erect the custom-
house, Bath, Maine, $11,000.
' Mr. BRODHEAD. The honorable Senator
from -Maine referred to a letter of the Secretary of
the Treasury. I should like to hear it read.
Mr. BADGER.- We have passed a law author-
izing the erection of the custom-houses.
Mr. HAMLIN, I will state, that at the last
session of Congress an appropriation was made
for the erection of the custom-houses in both
places. *No appropriation was made in either
case to purchase the site. The sites have been
purchased, and now the Department wants the
money to pay for them.
"Mr. CLEMENS. I do not understand that to
l)ea deficiency. It is a provision for a new con-
tract. Is it in order in a deficiency bill ?
The PRESIDENT. Any amendment is in
order that is in conformity with an estimate fur-
nished by a Department, or reported from a com-
mittee, according to the rule, as amended a few
days ago.
. Mr. HUNTER. I desire to be informed by
the Senator from Maine whether the original law
limited the amount? And whether this is an at-
tempt to extend the limitation?
Mr. HAMLIN. The letter which I hold in my
band, states that the cost of the buildings was
limited to the amount named in the appropriation;
but this is for the purpose of the sites. I do not
know that it is, strictly speaking, a deficiency.
The origi#al law creating the necessity for this
contract, was passed last year. It has been made.
'Iney have made the purchase of the sites; they
have not paid for them, but they ask this appro-
priation to pay for them. I do not see that it
makes much difference whether it comes in here
or in the regular bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MALLORY. I submit the following
amendment, under the direction of the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs:
For establishing a (lepHt of coal for naval purposes at
Key West, m tile State of Florida, $20,000.
I hold in my hand an estimate from the Sec-
retary of the Navy, which has been submitted to
the Bureau of Yards and Docks, addressed to the
committee, recommending this measure.
Mr. BRODHEA.D. This is an appropriation
of $20,000. If there is a letter from the Depart-
ment recommending it, and giving the reasons for
it, I should like to hear it read.
The Secretary read a letter from the Secretary
of the Navy, addressed to Mr. Mau.uky. and
dated March 5, 1852, as follows:
" I have the honor to transmit a report of the Chiefs of
the Bureaus of Ordnance, Construction, and Navy-Yaids,
fcc., to whom your letter of the 1st instant, in relation to a
Baval depot at Key YVe«t, was referred, anil to inform you
of the concurrence of the Department therein.'*
A letter was inclosed, signed by Commodore
Morris, Commodore Shubrick, and Commodore
Smith, dated March 4,1852, and addressed to the
Secretary of the Navy, as follows:
" In compliance with your direction in the indorsement
upon the letter from Mr. Mallory, of the 1st instant, we
have the honor to state, that, in our opinion, it would be
useful and expedient to have a depot of coal at Key West,
for the use of the naval steamers, which may be employed
in that quarter; and that the sum of .5-20,000 would besuf
ficient to provide accommodation for the preservation of as
much coal ad will piobably meet the war t> of the heivice."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BliLL. T propose the following amend-
ment:
" For payment to the citizens of Alabama, Georgia, and
Florida, for depredations committed by Cieek Indian-? upon
their property, and for other property, taken by the troops
of the United States, and fmndiy Creeks, in the vear 1838,
$355,797.
I offer this by direction of the Committee on In-
dian Affairs. I would not have presumed to offer it
upon my own responsibility. This is a claim
which has now been pending against the Govern-
ment of the United States, I believe, for fourteen
years. It has received various examinations in
the House of Representatives anterior to this, and
in the Senate also. Adverse reports have been
made upon it in the House; one elaborate report
was made, I think, in 1838; but the parties—the
State authorities of Alabama particularly—have
never rested satisfied under that decision of the
committee. The House itself, I believe, came to
gress or the session before, reported a bill, and my
recollection now is, that it passed this body—ex-
tending the Indian intercourse law over the States
of Alabama, Georgia, and Florida, with the view
of embracing all claims made for depredations com-
mitted by the hostile Indians, who were but a por-
tion of the tribe, in the year 1836 and other years,
going perhaps beyond thatperiod. The Committee
on Indian Affairs, upon further examination into
that question, are of opinion, that under the
circumstances of the case, it would be very dan-
gerous to adopt any such law, or extend the inter-
course law over those States, not only on account
of the lapse of time, but on account of the great
difficulty of guarding against very extensive frauds
in proving up all such claims at any time, partic-
ularly after so great a lapse of time.
A commission was appointed, under an act of
Congress, during the administration of General
Jackson, either in the year 1836 or 1837, I forget
which, though I have the official documents all
before me, to inquire into and report to the Exec-
utive the number and amount of the depredations,
the individuals upon whom they were made, and
also at what periods, and by what portion of the
Creek tribe of Indians they were committed.
That commission resulted in a report. After
taking proofs, and discharging the commission
with as much assiduity and care as the commis-
sioners alleged they were enabled to do, they re-
ported the entire amount claimed and proved by
the sufferers to be $1,257,407 30; out of which
they allowed $355,797 92. The latter amount
they reported was for real and actual losses sus-
tained by the claimants. The Committee on In-
dian Affairs hate taken that report, as the basis of
the proposition for the relief of the sufferers by
the depredations. The committee of the House
of Representatives' assumed the principle that
these claims for remuneration for depredations
committed by parties of hostile Creeks, upon the
property of citizens of Georgia, Alabama, and
Florida, came within the principle established by
the act of Congress in the year 1816, when a ques-
tion arose with regard to the depredations com-
mitted by the British troops upon our northern
frontier m the War of 1811, '12, and '13—that
principle being that the Government was not le-
sponsible for the property destroyed by foreign
troops in a state of war against the United States,
by an invasion of our territories. That ik a prin-
ciple which is not meant to be contested; but the
Committee on Indian Affairs, in recommending
: this appropriation for the relief of those citizens,
proceed upon the principle that the state of things
then, did not constitute such a war as comes with-
in it; that, in fact, it is, though not expressly ex-
cepted, clearly an implied exception to that prin-
ciple, so laitl down in the act of 1816. The
advocates for the claims of these parties—who
allege that they suffered to a much larger amount
1 than is provided for in the amendment—ailegethat
they have the same grounds to come before the
Government for redress that those who sutTered by
depredations committed under the general inter-
course law upon the frontiers, have. They allege
j that they were unwarranted depredations commit-
j ted by robbing parties of Indians; and that if the
i principle of the general intercourse law had been
i applied to the Southern States, in which a portion
! of those tribes still resided, they would have been
! entitled clearly to the benefit of it.
j It is for the purpose of enforcing the principle
I of the intercourse law, in effect, so far as regards
! the actual amount of depredations and damages
I committed by the hostile Creeks, that this amend-
; ment is offered. If the principle of that law should
1 be extended, as was proposed to the Senate a ses-
I sion or two ago, and which, 1 behe\e, was sanc-
! tioned by the Senate, though it did not become a
I law, the probability is that a much larger amount
! would be established under it—if I should say a
i sum double the amount, perhaps I would not be far
i wrone;. Under all the circumstances of the case,
I considering that it does appear to be a just claim
! for damages against the Government of the United
j States, when we look into the facts connected with
! it, the committee are of the opinion that the smaller
! sum, reported by the commission to which I have
j alluded, would be the safest for the Government,
| while it would do, perhaps, substantial justice to
jail the bona fide claimants; not that we suppose
no conclusion upon it. The Committee on Indian jl that all the consequences of the damages to the
Affairs of the Senate, either the last session of Con- ll parties named were traced according to any prin-
ciple that their claims would not be justly much
larger than that proposed to be appropriated.
Mr. President, the whole question of the large
appropriation which is proposed for the satisfac-
tion of these claims,grew out ofwhat I considered,
at the time, a most unfortunate policy of the Fed-
eral Government. By the treaty of 1826, with
the Creek Indians, which was not ratified until
1832, the Indians were allowed to sell out their
territory, on condition that they should remove
westward; but I believe the terms of the treaty
were, that whatever head of a family chose to re-
tain a reservation, should be at liberty to do so.
How many reservations there were thus retained,
I do not remember, for I have not recently looked
into the official documents on the subject; ihey
were very large. But the misfortune was, that it
became the policy of the Government at that time
to coerce the removal of the Indians by every ex-
pedient which; as they supposed at the time, was
sustained by a sound policy, but which turned out
by and by to be a very unwise and unsound
policy. It allowed while settlers to go into the
Indian country, purchase reservations, and settle
in the midst of the Indians, before the first step,
was taken for the removal of the latter west of the
Mississippi. A large population immediately
rushed in; the Indian reservations, according to
i the regulations pointed out by the treaty, were
rapidly bought by the white settlers; but there
were the Indian venders, a great mass of the In-
dian population, still within the Indian territory,
forming a confused and promiscuous settlement
all over it. It was very early seen by the citizens
of Alabama and Georgia, more particularly by
the settlers who had gone in, in pursuance of the
recommendation and policy, I may say, of the
Government, that the Indians, when they once
sold their reservations and got their pay, hod,
while that pay lasted, something upon which they
might subsist, but there was no stimulus to in-
dustry; the}' had no lands remaining to cultivate;
and it happened between the year 1834, when the
reservations were sold, and 1836, when the out-
rages complained of commenced, that a large por-
tion of the Indian population were in a state of
absolute starvation, and by violence, by plunder-
ing, by robbery; for charity, however extensive
( it might be, was not sufficient to supply their
wants, operated upon by no hostile feeling towards
the whites or towards the Government of the
United States, but for bread, for means of subsist-
ence, they commenced depredations on the cattle
and other property of the white settlers amongst
them. But that is not all. The whole truth requires
that I should state that the Government was re-
peatedly, again and again, admonished, that the
destitute condition of the Indians must inevitably
lead to hostility on their part; that it must lead to
plundering and robberies, and that unless it sta-
tioned a sufficient military force within their bound-
aries, the very consequences which did follow in
1836 must inevitably follow, and they did follow
with a most fearful violence not so largely in mur-
1 deringthe white inhabitants, (though murders were
committed,) as in plundering property, taking cat-
tle, burning houses, and driving out the white set-
tlers altogether, who, although they had gone there
under the sanction of the Government, purchased
reservations, and settled down, were absolutely
expelled with their families. Those white set-
tlers have thought that they were entitled to some
remuneration, after having gone there under the
faith of the Government, for the damages sus-
i tained in consequence of being expelled from
farms which they had purchased under the au-
thority, countenance, and recommendation of the
Government. But all that is excepted. We do
not propose to pay them one cent on that ground.
The whole amount proposed to be paid is for prop-
erty actually taken, or consumed, or destroyed, by
the Indians, and for another lar^e portion included
i in the same amount of three hundred and odd
thousand dollars for stock and cattle taken by the
United States troops and friendly Indians, because
they had to rush in under circumstances that did
not allow proper means to be used for their suste-
nance.
I believe I have stated all the substantial facts
of the case. The honorable Senators who repre-
sent the section of the country from which this
proposition conies, can state if I have omitted
anything material. Under these circumstances, it
does appear to me that the Government is under
