1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1357
an obligation—the obligation of protection—the
obligation of the treaty—which they cannot blink
or disregard, to pay at least the amount provided
for in the amendment. To show that it was not
a state of war, I have only to mention that there
was no declaration of war by the authorities, or
what were considered the authorities, of the tribe
of Indians. It first commenced in licentious dep-
redations on property, dictated and impelled by
hunger. What other motives, what feelings of
vengeance, if you please, may have entered into
the hearts of the warriors who joined the preda-
tory hordes before all was over, no one can tell.
Neither did the authorities of the tribes, nor the
great body of the Indians, unite with them. It
was at last, as 1 understand, only a fraction of
the Indians that became thus hostile and preda-
tory. There is, then, in my judgment, no tenable
ground for the position taken by the Committee
on Claims in the House of Representatives, m
saying that this was a state of public war, which (
would exclude these claims under the principle I
laid down in the act of 1816. There was no public j
war declared. There was no war on the pait of i
the entire tribe. It was but a fraction of the tribe; \
and even their hostilities were impelled by the
strong circumstances I have indicated, and which
the Government might have prevented by proper
diligence and forecast.
^ I do not choose to go into the question as to the
circumstances under which these irregularities,
these hostilities, were allowed to spring up in the
Creek' nation. I believe I might undertake to
state, and might refer to public documents, or, at
least, to public speeches, for the purpose of forti- ;
fying what I say, that warning was given in due !
time; that the country was attempted to be noti-
fied that this state of things must lead to the very
disastrous consequences to which it did lead. I
believe it cost the Government §3,000,000 over
and above the stipulations of the treaty of 1832,
to remove those Indian warriors. i charged it, at
the time, to the neglect of the Federal Govern- il
ment. 1 will not undertake to say, after this lapse i|
of time, after the passions and interests connected !l
with that period have passed away, that I should !t
form the same judgment now. The whole respon- H
sibility rested upon the Executive at the time. !
That expenditure of full §3,000,000, which grew 'j
out of the hostilities, was the consequence of that .j
neglect. But I do not wish to review this. I l[
think, however, this is a claim founded in such \ \
obligations as this Government cannot disregard. ;
Mr. HUNTER. These are matters which I
do not profess to understand. They have come
from other committees; and have doubtless been
investigated by them; but I think I have heard 1
enough to convince me at least that this appropria-
ation should not go into the deficiency bill. ,,
This bill as it came from the House of Repre-
sentatives, appropriates §>3,I27,000to supply deft- :i
ciencies;the b mance Committee of the Senate have h
added $853,000 more, making in all $3,980,000 j
appropriated by that bill previous to the amend- i
ments which have been offered to-day. It seems |
to me that there is some danger of our swelling I
this deficiency bill far too much. If this is a j
legitimate claim against the Government of the i
United States, I should conceive that it will be bet- j
ter to postpone the further consideration of it until !
the Indian appropriation bill comes up. If that |
is done we shall then have had time to examine '
the question thoroughly. I confess it is new to j
me, and I do not understand it. I suggest, there- ;
fore, if it will suit the views of the Committee on j
Indian Affairs, that claims of this nature should
be reserved until we have the general Indian ap-
propriation bill before us.
It is impossible, if we should now go into all
the affairs connected with all the branches of the
appropriations in the deficiency bill, for the Sen-
ate to pass them for want of time; as it will con-
sume so much time in their investigation, and we
should be compelled to examine the wants of all
the Departments. Whereas, if we should confine
oiu*selves to the actual deficiencies, and postpone
these questions of claims to the general appropri-
ation bill, we should get on much faster. f
In relation to the general merits of this claim,
I do not wish to say anything, unless the Senator
[Mr. Bell] persists lii urging its introduction
here. If so, 1 should have a word or two to say
about it. j
Mr. CLEMENS'. It appear® to me that the i
Senator from Virginia [Mr. Hunter] should have
made his objection to admit claims into the de-
ficiency bill long since. It is a little singular that
he has permitted all others to pass, and that he
should select this particular case for special objec-
tion. If he had opposed the admission of other
claims, I should now have gone with him; and,
however anxious I may be that this one should
pass, I would not have complained if others had
been rejected. But, when custom-house claims,
and light-house claims, and every possible species
of appropriation is admitted into the bill, without
any objection on the part of the Senator, it is some-
what straage that he should object to this, the most
just item of them all.
These depredations were committed in conse-
sequence of the faults of the Government. I do
not blame the Indians, because, in consequence of
the faults of the Government, they were com-
pelled to resort to depredations to procure the
means of subsistence. A commissioner, appoint-
ed by the Government, reports that it was not the
policy of the Administration—although the In-
dians, in 3834 and 1835, were actually suffering
from want of food, and in a starving condition—
to supply them with food, because the Govern-
ment wanted to force them to emigrate. It had
failed for years to comply with its obligations to
remove them, and finally attempted to starve them
into a removal. Under these circumstances, a
small portion of the Lower Creeks—for the Upper
Creeks did not take any part in the disturbances—
a small number of the Lower Creeks, amounting
to scarcely a fifth of the tribe, shot down the
cattle, and stole the property of the settlers; event-
ually, these acts led to a state of hostilities, and
the settlers were compelled to leave the nation.
They come here now, and ask,yiot for consequen-
tial damages arising out of their compulsory- re-
moval, but for damages for the actual loss of their
property. They ground the claim, not on testi-
mony taken now,"but on actual proof taken before
the commissioners appointed by Congress at the
time, which commissioners report that they were
entitled to recover §1,500,000. The commission
was appointed on the recommendation of General
Jackson.
The payment of this claim has been again and
again urged by Presidents of the United States,
and again and again reported on by committees of
the Senate. The Senator from Virginia [Mr.
Huxter] says he does not understand it! Why,
we had a full discussion of this very question last
Congress; a bill, similar to the amendment of the
Senator from Tennessee, [Mr. Bell,] was intro-
duced by the Committee on Indian Allans, at my
instance*, an objection was taken by the Senator
from Kentucky, and, after one or two days' de-
bate, we accepted his proposition, to extend the
intercourse laws so as to embrace this question. I
was willing to accept that proposition then, and
I am willing to accept it now, because, as the Sen-
ator from Tennessee [Mr. Bell] has said, cor-
rectly, it would double the amount which we now
propose to pay. The Committee on Indian Af-
fairs have reported a bill this session precisely like
that reported at the last session. This amend-
ment Ogives us less than we have a right to claim.
We have been waiting on the justice of Con-
gress for nearly sixteen years, and it is time that
something should be done. If the Senator from
Virginia [Mr. Hunter] had been as anxious to
guard the deficiency bill against all other amend-
ments, I should not object to his attempt to ex-
clude this; but when he manifested so much com-
placency while amendment after amendment was
introduced,! think that the objection is made with
a very bad grace at this stage of the proceedings.
Mr. HUNTER. I am not aware that I have
favored or supported any amendment which did
not properly appertain to this deficiency bill. The
Senator from Maine [Mr. Hamlix] reported an
amendment which, in my opinion, was for a de-
ficiency. There was a bill passed last year for
the erection of a custom-house in the State of
Maine, and the sum which it was to cost was
limited to a certain amount. By an omission m
the bill no appropriation was made for the site.
The gentleman from Maine proposed that we
should appropriate something for the site. I think
that was a deficiency. At any rate, there is a
difference of opinion between the Senator from
Alabama and myself. I am not aware that any
amendment has been offered here to-day to this
bill on which a single question has been raised.
It is true that amendments have been offered frtfm
other committees under the rule as it now stands;
but many of these were in relation to matters
about which I knew nothing, and, therefore, about
which I could say nothing. This amendment
proposes to add to this bill a very large amount;
and besides, so far as I can understand it, it seems
tQ me to involve a novel principle. What is it?
The friends of this amendment say, that by our
general policy we were, at a certain period, in-
volved in an Indian war, and that we ought to pay
the damages to citizens of the United States who
were injured in their property by that war. That
is the amount of the principle. For my part, sir, I
do not think that we are under any such obliga-
tion. Every portion of the country must take its
chance in regard to our general legislation or the
consequences that may result from it. If any one
party or section is injured, they cannot come here
and ask us to pay damages on account of our not
acting with proper wisdom and caution. The
question is, whether this was what could properly
be called a war, or whether it was not. I have
always understood this be a war; and if so, I
understand the Senator from Tennessee [Mr.
Bell] to say that the General Government would
not be liable. I should like to know from that
honorable Senator whether I understand him
rightly ?
Mr. BELL. I cannot answer categorically. I
do not regard this as being a public war in the
sense in which that term is used.
Mr. HUNTER. Upon that question I do not
pretend to decide. This appears to be a difficult
case; and on that account, if on no other, I am
inclined to think that it does not properly belong
to a deficiency bill. The question, therefore, I
think, should be laid over until the general appro-
priation bill is brought up, when we shall have
had time to consider it more fully.
Mr. BELL. I beg leave to say that the objec-
tion, as taken by the Senator from Virginia, is
taken upon very plausible grounds; but those of
us who haveiiad experience in regard to the mode
of bringing in general appropriation bills in times
past, know very well what the result will be. We
know very well, that in a matter of this sort, it
would be contended that it should be passed over,
m order that more time should be had for deliber-
ation—just the very argument, sir, that is used on
the present occasion. When I was up afew min-
utes ago, I stated that this matter had been under
consideration for fourteen years; and I think it is
now time that we should come to some conclusion
and settle the principle; and whenever itis settled,
I think it will be time not misspent, for it appears
to me that this question is likely again to arise in
this country, and that, perhaps, at no very distant
day. Such a war may be brewing at this moment
in the Northwest. Itis a question to be settled,
whether this was such a war as should preclude
the satisfaction of these claims by the Govern-
ment of the United States. If that is so, it should
he done seriously, not only because it involves
this amount, but because it may involve much
larger amounts in time to come. I stated that the
Committee on Indian Affairs did not consider this
a war m the sense contemplated by the act of
181G, which could indemnify citizens from loss
incurred by the ravages of a public enemy. It
was no more a public war than are those wild and
indiscreet ebullitions of young warriors, who break
out every year and commit depredations upon
the borders of white settlements. It was a war
which had something more in it to justify these
claimants m presenting themselves at the door of
the public Treasury for indemnification. It was
a war which was provoked by the policy of the
General Government, not only in leading and in-
ducing white settlers to go and settle among the
Indians, but even, when time was taken by the
forelock by the citizens of Georgia and Alabama,
and the Government was admonished, that if this
policy was persisted in, it would result in this de-
scription of depredations. These settlers feared
for their safety for two years before hostilities
broke out. And what was the policy of the Gov*
eminent ? I repeat again, sir, that it was to starve
these Indians out, and thus to compel their re5*
moval.
Mr. CASS. Will the Senator allow me to ask
him to inform me where he gets the evidence upon
which he makes such an assertion as that ?
