1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2221
claim thin money cannot take this case from the
department and file their bill in chancery.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. They cannot do it.
It requires a positive lav/. The necessity for it is
this: without the action of this House they cannot
file a bill in chancery and retain the money in the
Department until the case is tried. If they cannot
do it, it will be paid over to Mr. Myerle, who is
not only insolvent, but announces his purpose not
to pay them a dollar.
Mr. BOCOCK. I believe that, though the time
limited for the expiration of the debate has arrived,
I am entitled, as the person reporting this bill, to
an hour to explain and defend it. I will say,
however, to the gentlemen who may feel an in-
terest in this matter, or who may be anxious that
the debate upon this case may be speedily con-
cluded, that I have no expectation whatever that I
shall engage the attention of this committee for
anything like one hour. I hope to get through in
some twenty or twenty-five minutes. I find my-
self in a very peculiar and embarrassing condition
in relation to this matter. 1, who have taken so
little part in the discussions of this House, and
have consumed so little ofits time, even when ques-
tions of great public importance have been under
consideration, now feel myself called upon to come
forward and advocate a claim brought here by a
man of whom I know nothing apart from this case,
and whose face I never saw until I saw him here
prosecuting this claim. I feel uncomfortable about
it in another point of view. It is needless for me to
say anything in relation to my course in this body.
The records will show, and those who have felt
any interest in the matter, will remember that I
have ranked myself upon the side of the most rigid
economists in our expenditures of public money,
and have stood by the side of those who have gone
furthest to make this Government pure, simple,
and frugal. But notwithstanding all that, 1 find
myself here advocating a bill opposed by certain
gentlemen with whom I have been in the habit of
acting, and with whom, when I differ, I always dis-
trust myself, and always feel regret. However
much I may be disposed to act with those®gentle-
men, and however solicitous 1 may be to have their
names recorded along by the side of mine upon
the records of this Congress, I feel a higher inter-
est in recording my name in favor of justice and
right, and in favor of honesty and fair 'dealing be-
tween the Government and those who contract,
with the Government.
It is because, and simply because I believe
this man Myerle, of whom 1 say I know nothing
apart from this case, is justly entitled to the
sum allowed him by this bill, and because, as a
member of the Committee on Naval Affairs, it
became my duty to report it, that T come forward
to sustain in argument the bill under considera-
tion. What is this case3 The gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Fi.orknce] has gone much
into particulars and details. I will confine myself
to a general statement of the principles upon which
this case rests. In 1839, (I think it was,) this
man Myerle, then engaged in the manufacture of
cordage at Louisville and St. Louis, came in con-
nection with his business to the seat of Govern-
ment. The gentleman who then occupied the post
of Secretary of the Navy, the TTon. .Tames K.
Paulding, of New York, a man whose private rep-
utation is entirely unspotted, and to whose integ-
rity, honor, and character, as a public man, many
here and thousands elsewhere will testify, came
to the conclusion, from their interviews, that My-
erle was particularly qualified to conduct an enter-
prise in which he felt much interest. Ile^ there-
upon represented to him that he would make
himself a great public benefactor if he would
establish the practicability of water-rotting hemp
in the United States. As a matter of course,
Myerle informed him that he was engaged in ex-
tensive private transactions, and he could not
relinquish them without incurring probable and
almost necessary sacrifice. Upon the appeal made
by Mr, Paulding, he however agreed to enter into
this arrangement. The Secretary of the Navy, un-
der the laws of the land existing at that time, was
authorized to contract for materials and supplies for
the Navy. Clothed with such authority Mr. Pauld-
ing, as Secretary, said to him, If you will enter
into this matter and exert yourself faithfully and
resolutely to prove to the country that hemp can
be water-rotted in America, I will do—what? Now
listen to the terms Paulding made with him. I
will do what? 1 will see that you are secured
against all lose?*, and if the Government be such a
Government as I believe it u, you shall have a
handsome remuneration if your efforts prove suc-
cessful.
Mr. SWEETSER. He did not succeed.
Mr. BOCOCK. He did, as the facts will show.
But for the present it is unnecessary to insist on
that fact. If his exertions were faithful, he was
to be indemnified against loss; and, if successful,
he was to receive handsome remuneration from the
hands of the Government. Now, Mr. Myerle
does not come here asking that remuneiation, al-
though he has been successful. Others have come
here representing that they have been or are en-
gaged in great American enterprises, and therefore
ask aid from the Government. SomewiMi large
assistance to enable them to outstrip the ships of
the British upon the seas, and they get it. Others,
perhaps, may be found, who want great compen-
sation for the discovery of the happy effect of
ether, in relief of pain in operations of a surgi-
cal character. They, too, may realize their ex-
orbitant demand. Mr. Myerle, though success-
ful in an important enterprise for the nation at
large, ask^ no such bounty. He only asks that
you will stand up to the arrangement of the Sec-
retary of the Navy, and remunerate him against
his losses. I would refer gentlemen to the letter
from Mr. Paulding in relation to this matter.
Mr. Paulding says, in his letter of March 18th,
1848:
"llad 1 not been picvented bv <i pohtieal revolution, I
would have fulfilled every pledge 1 nmde you to the veiy
letter, and at lea&t saved you liom any loss alter all the
labor and link yon laeuned."
In the same letter, he says:
44 Had! been at flic head of the Navy Department at the
time your hemp was rejected, 1 would hkm assuieilly have
taken upon myself the le^ponsibihU ofduoetin^ it to beie-
eeived, notwithstanding it was lepoited us mfenoi, not in
quality, I believe, but in cleanline^, ot Mimetimi:,' of that
S0lt."
Here is the declaration of Mr. Paulding that he
had pledged the Government to remunerate Mr.
Myerle. The question arises here, will gentle-
men say that Mr. Paulding had no light to make
such a proposition ? Perhaps he had not a strict
legal right to make it. I am not here to contend
for that. But Mr. Paulding was authorized to
enter into contracts to furnish supplies for the
JNa\y. He felt that he was doing good to the
country, and not exceeding the reasonable intent
of his authority when he entered into this arrange-
ment. Will you, now, when you have been benefit-
ed by it, tell this old man, Myerle, that he has been
misled by a patriotic but careless officer of the
Government, and shall not be paid, according to
his contract with him, for his losses and labor5
Then, sir, if this bargain was made, and is to be
regarded, the next question that arises js, was
Myerle faithful in his endcavois in relation to this
matter? Why, sir, the proof of it is ample. At
the time when the Secretary of the Navy entered
into this arrangement with Myerle, there were not.
a hundted tons of water-ratted hemp prepared in
this country. A general belief prevailed that it was
unwholesome; and wherever the enterprise was
commenced, men fled from it as fiom a plague or
a pestilence. Myerle took it up, and proved that \
it was not unwholesome; and from that time to this j
the quantity of American water-rotted hemp has
steadily increased, until from less than a hundred
tons per year then manufactured, twelve hundred
tons per annum and more aie now made.
Mr. HALL heie made a lemark which wjs !
wholly inaudible to the Reporter?. j
Mr. BOCOCK. There nro numerous letters j
here which, show that in various neighborhoods |
of the "West water-rotting hemp wns considered ;
an unwholesome enterprise, until Myerle demon- '
strated otherwise. j
Mr. HALL. I ask thegenllemon from Virginia ;
to yield me the floor for a few minutes. I wish to i
make a very few remarks about this hill. j
Mr. BOCOCK. I will yitld to the gentleman !
presently. I should have preferred it if the gen-
tleman had made his remarks before 1 commenced.
Indeed, 1 offered him the privilege of doing so. j
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I hope the '
gentleman will allow me to say a few words some ,
time or other during the course of his hour.
Mr. BOCOCK. Certainly, sir; I will do so.
Sir, I had said that, at the time this arrange- j
ment was made with Mverk-, there was not one ;
hundred tons of water-rotted hemp manufactured
per year in this country. Now, ther$ are twelve
thousand tons—enough to supply the whole
American Navy. But there is one particular em-
braced in this case which it is necessary to
explain and apply. Mr. Paulding entered into a
further contract with David Myerle, thatheshould
prepare and deliver two hundred tons of this water-
rotted hemp some time in the year 3841; and for
it he should be paid $300 per ton, I think.
In the fall of 1840, the political revolution to
which Mr. Paulding alludes in one of his letters,
took place in this country, and he saw that he had
to leave the Navy Department in March, 1841.
Then, sir, before the expiration of his term, some
time in the year 1841, he enlarged the contract,
and agreed with Myerle that he should deliver five
hundred tons of this American water-rotted hemp
some time in the year 1842, thus showing his con-
fidence that Myerle was going on honestly and
I faithfully in the enterprise. In pursuance of that
| contract, some time, I think, in the latter part of
| 1842, or very early in the year 1843, David MyeiTe
| sent two hundred tons of this hemp to Charlestown,
in the State of Massachusetts, to undergo an exam-
ination. It was examined and rejected. He had
on hand a further supply, which would have been
delivered if that had not been rejected. But it was
rejected, and the balance, therefore, was not deliv-
ered. Myerle's creditors then came down upon
him, and he was crushed at once; for it was out of
the proceeds of that hemp that he expected to meet
: his engagements, which were numerous, and to
sustain his credit, which was largely at stake.
Two of the commissioners who examined the
hemp condemned it, and one of them said that it
was excellent hemp—as good hemp as any foreign
hemp. After it was condemned, it was sold to
various persons engaged in private shipping inter-
ests; and we have the testimony of some of those
men saying that it was as strong hemp as they
have ever had occasion to use under any circum-
stances. The hemp was rejected because, as was
stated by the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Breckinridge] a little while ago, it was of a
darker color than that which had been used in
this country; but it was as strong and useful in
every practical point of view as the best Russian
hemp. Not only was there a great sacrifice upon
the two hundred tons sent to Boston, but these
very men—the constituents of the gentleman from
Kentucky—seized the balance of'it against the
will of Myerle, hurried it into the market, and sold
it at an enormous sacrifice.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, (interrupting.)
If the gentleman from Virginia will allow me, I
think tin** is just the point at which I should like
to make the remarks which I propose to make, by
way of explanation as to the rejection of this
hemp by the commissioners at Boston. I desire
merely to say that I have no doubt of the fact that
that rejection was unjust, and that the hemp was
. all that it was required to be by the contract with
Mr. Myerle. I am informed by a citizen of Mem-
plus, whose character and credibility aie unques-
tionable, thata short time since, in walking through
the navy-yard at Boston, one of the gentlemen
there said to him: " You do not expect to make
; rope at Memphis, do you?" "Yes, we do,"
' said the gentleman, "we will give you better hemp
than hns ever been brought from Russia."
; u Well," said the other, " yon may think so, but
I 4 we do not intend to let you do it. We have a
4 monopoly in the hemp business here, and we in-
4 tend to supply all the hemp that is wanted for
1 4 the Navy. In live years from this time, we will
j 4 Icdc up your rope-walks in Memphis, and vou
4 shall not supply a pound of it."
Now, this may have been ail mere vaporing,
or " gassing,"as we say in the West; but I have
■ no doubt, that that is the feeling which controls
the public o/Kcers at Boston, and all who are in-
terested in the proceedings there; and it is that
feeling which has made them very nearly destroy
the public works at Memphis, and produced that
state of things which exists, and which is alto-
gether different from what the gentleman from
1 Kentucky [M *. Brfckixriduh] lias stated here
to-day. He stated that American hemp is now
altogether used in the Navy. That is not so.
American hemp raised in the valleys of the Mis-
sissippi and Ohio can be purchased at the same
price as foreign hemp, and is as strong—ay,
stronger, bearing a heavier test than Russian hemp
