446
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 2,
although it has been heretofore regarded as a most
dangerous coast, yet vessels are now enabled to
enter our ports often without the aid of a pilot.
This has been the result so far as that coast is con-
cerned., Now, I am sure that my friend will not
hesitate for the expense of a small appropriation,
when millions of money and the lives of thou-
sands of men are at risk. I should be as un-
willing as any one to vote unnecessary appropri-
ations for this or for any other purpose; but wise
economy is always liberal. Who has a more per-
fect right to protection than the hardy mariner,
whose enterprise binds the four quarter's of the
world together in commercial intercourse? Whose
life should be more dear to the country than his
who brings comfort, luxury and wealth to our
shores? Whose life of daring and of danger is
of such inestimable value to every branch of in-
dustry in our land ? Commerce is the right arm
of the country; all that can be done to invigorate
and strengthen it should be the state smari s care.
Knowledge, scientific, accurate knowledge, builds
the most enduring monuments which perpetuate
the memory of the statesman's skill. The lives
and the property of our sailors and merchants all
demand that we should be liberal in furnishing the
information which will protect them, and I am wil-
ling at any reasonable cost to furnish it. The fear-
ful loss of lives and property produced by defec-
tive charts and unlighted shoals and rocks, and the
perils of navigation incalculably increased, are de-
mands to which we cannot be insensible or un-
mindful. All commercial nations are engaged in a
like enterprise with ourselves, and liberally furnish
all the information which they obtain. Our own
Colonel Fremont, when he first visited the Pacific
coast, detected by observation an error in Merca-
tor's chart, by which San Ftancisco was placed sev-
eral miles further on the coast than it really was,
and which had caused the wreck of many vessels
that ran upon the shore before they were aware of
its proximity. He made the communication, and
I am informed that the English Board of Admiralty
had just before sent a corps of engineers to ascer-
tain the cause of the frequent losses in that par-
ticular part of the Pacific coast. Our corps is
now prosecuting the work off Oregon and Cali-
fornia, and I trust we shall sustain the enterprise,
and publish the results, until there shall not be a
sli'oal, channel, or inlet, cape, promontory, or bay,
.which may not be made perfectly familiar to all
■whose business and occupation lead them to the
dangers of the seas, that our statesmen and
scholars may also learn those things so necessary
to be known before they undertake to legislate or
to teach.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. Will the gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Ficklin] allow me to
say a word? About two weeks ago we ordered
this printing to be done. It was then stated that
the cost of the whole would be about ninety-two
cents. We have already ordered the printing to
be done, and, as I understand it, this is a mere
question of form. The Committee on Engraving
thought it would be necessary for them to report,
and for that reason the subject has again been
brought before the House. Now, what can be
the difficulty in the matter? The printing has
been ordered, and the engravers must go on with
the work.
Mr. GORMAN. I also desire a word of ex-
planation. The Committee on Engraving reported
upon precisely the same thing which was reported
upon by the Committee 011 Printing. The other
day I reported the cost as ninety-two cents, but it
has since been ascertained that it could be done
for considerably less than that amount. But the
engraving of the work belongs to the Committee
on Engraving, and the printing belongs to the
Committee on Printing. The question remains
exactly the same, so far as the House is concerned,
as it did. when it was up before. I hope the gen-
tleman will call the previous question, and let us
dispose of it at once.
Mr. FICKLIN. That is just what I wanted
to find out, whether it is a question of form or of
substance.
Mr. VENABLE. It is simply a question of
form.
Mr. FICKLIN. These charts which I pre-
sented here, I think w?Fe published in 1839. Now
my friend from North Carolina rather intimates
that the spherodic&l shape of the earth was not
then understood.
Mr. VENABLE. I merely stated the differ-
ence between nautical and geodetical charts.
Mr. FICKLIN. I understood my friend from
North Carolina to intimate that it had not been
ascertained by the Coast Survey and Dtpartment
that the form of the earth was not a plane flat sur-
face. He says that the information which we
received in 1832 was incorrect. But if he will
look into the matter he will find that a great deal
of this incorrect matter was published by order of
the House. A great many more numbers were
printed than was necessary for distribution by the
members of the House.
If the number to be printed is decided upon, and
the question is one of mere- foriE between these
two committees, I have nothing more to say in
regard to it; but ifit involve, in any way, the pub-
lishing of a larger number than has been heretofore
ordered, I am, for one, against it.
Mr. GORMAN. It does not involve a single
cent more expense. It is a a question relating to
the duties, falling, in part, legitimately, to the
Committee on Engraving, and another part to the
Committee on Printing. It is the same thing here-
tofore decided upon, and does not involve any ad-
ditional expense.
Mr. FICKLIN. I will remark, in regard to
this coast survey, that it has been well said by my
friend from North Carolina, [Mr. Venable,J that
dollars are not to be regarded in reference to it;
and, indeed, they need not be counted, because it
will continue from year to year and, as I appre-
hend, from century to century at a cost of hun-
dreds of thousands of dollars, and there will be
no end to it while this Government has a sea-
coast. That being the case, and such the proba-
bility, 1 think it very important we should watch
over this expenditure, which already is becoming
very large, not to say enormous. It was sug-
gested that the previous question should be moved;
but as 1 do not desire to do so, I will yield the
floor.
Mr. ORR moved the previous question; which
received a second, and the main question was or-
dered to be put.
The resolution was again read for information,
and the question was then taken upon the adop-
tion of the resolution, and it was agreed to.
WABASH RIVER.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill, of which previous notice
had been given, entitled "A bill to grant to the
States of Indiana and Illinois a portion of-the
public lands therein, for the improvement of the
River Wabash;" which was read a first and sec-
ond time by its title, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
PUBLIC PRINTING OFFICE.
Mr. DOTY, by unanimous consent, introduced
a bill, of which previous notice had been given,
entitled "A bill to establish a public printing office,
and to provide for the appointment of a Superin-
tendent of Public Printing;" which was read a
first and second time by its title, and referred to
the Committee of the Whole House, and ordered
to be printed.
! POWERS AND DUTIES OF AMERICAN CON-
| SULS.
| Mr. SACKETT,by unanimous consent, intro-
! duced a resolution; which was read for informa-
| tion, as follows, viz:
i Resolved, That the Committee on Foreign Affairs be in-
I strueted to inquire into the powers and duties at American
! Consuls anil Commercial Agents in lelation to American
seamen, marines, officers, and coinmnrideis ol merchant ]
vessels of the citizens of the United States, in foieign ports I
j and places; and to bung in a bill to more completely define I
and establish such powers and duties. I
Mr. SACKETT. ]f the House will allow me j
one word upon that resolution, I presume there !
will i}e no objection to it. j
Voices. "Hear!" "Hear!"
Mr. S.j (continuing.) There is a claim now be-
fore Congress, of a considerable amount, arising
out of the exercise of very doubtful powers of one
of our consuls, and it is for the purpose of having j
and obtaining a competent committee to examine j
into their power and duties, that I ask the adop- !
tion of this resolution. !
The question was then taken on the adoption of 1
the lesolution, and it was agreed to. i
Mr. ORR moved that the House do now ad- !
journ; which motion wasmgreed to; and thellouse j
adjourned till to-morrow at twelve o'clock, m. 1
NOTICES OF BILI..S.
Mr. WEIGHTMAN gave notice, under the rule, of bis
intention to introduce a bill amendatory of the act approved
September 9th, 1850, entitled " An act proposing to the State
of Texas the establishment of her northern and western
boundaries, the relinquishment by the said Slate of all ter-
ritory claimed by her exterior to said boundaries, and of all
her claims upon the United States, and to establish a terri-
torial government for New Mexico."
Mr. ALLISON gave notice that he would, on to-'morrow,
or on some subsequent day, introduce a bill granting one
million of acres of land to the State of Pennsylvania, for the
purpose of aiding the Pittsburg and Erie Railroad Company
in constructing their road.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions, memorials, See., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees s
By Mr. MEADE: The petition of the heirs of Captain
Joshua Frepton, praying for commutation pay.
Also, the petition of David Toole, piaying for a pension
jn consideration of injuries received while in the seivice of
the United States during the Iate.wai.
By Mr. ALLISON: The petition of sundry citizens of*
Washington county, Pennsylvania, praying that the cariy-
uig and delivery of the mail on the Christian Sabbath, or
Lord's day, be prohibited.
Also, two petitions from citizens of Western Pennsyl-
vania, for a ship canal around the falls of Sainte Marie's
■ river.
By Mr. ASHE: The memorials of Dickson Mallard and
Cailton Hall, deputy marshals, praying additional compen-
sation for taking the census.
By Mr. THOMAS M. HOWE: The memorial of Thomas
R. Holmes and others, citizens of Pittsburg, Pennsylvania,
praying for the construction of a ship canal around the tails
of the river Ste. Mane, Michigan.
Atso, the memorial of N. P. Sawyer and others, of Pitts-
burg, of the same tenor.
Also, the memorial of William M. Semple and others, of
Pittsburg, for the same.
Also, the memorial of W. W. Wallace, J. D. Williams,
and others, of Pittsburg, for the same.
Also, the memonal of Charles Naylor and others, of
Pittsburg, for the same.
By Mr. SCHOONMAKER: The petition of 287 masters
of ves&els hailing from various ports in the United States,
who have freighted from Rondout during the season of
3851, foi an appropriation to remove obstiuctions fiom the
channel of the Rondout river, at or near its junction with
the Hudson river, in the State of New York.
Also, a petition of citizens of the State and city of New
York, lor the same purpose.
Also, a petiton of Hester Serrine, formerlv Hester Paul-
ding, of Yorktown, New York, and widow of John Paulding,
deceased,one of the captors of Major Andre, for a pension.
By Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana: The memorial of J. Parsons
Owen, of Ohio, P. E. Boyce, of Indiana, and 52 others,
inventors, praying Congress for the completion of the Patent
Office building according to the original design prepared by
William P. Elliott, an architect of the city of Washington,
and approved by the President of the United States in the
year 1836.
By Mr. GREEN: The memorial of Colonel George W.
Morgan, and others, asking an increase of the pension of
George Momony, a soldier in the Mexican war.
By Mr. AIKEN: The memorial of the Chamber of Com-
merce of Charleston, South Carolina, praying that an ap-
propriation be made for deepening the bar and otherwise
improving the entrance to the harbor of Charleston, South
Carolina.
By Mr. PORTER: A memorial signed by J, K. Sheeley,
and four others, commissioners of the Asylum for the Deaf
and Dumb, recently established by the State of Missouri, at
Fulton, in said State, asking a donation of public land for
the use and benefit of said asylum.
By Mr. ANDREWS : The memorial of James T. Clark
and others, deputy marshals of Oxford county, Maine, for
inci ease of compensation for taking the census of 1850.
By Mr. DISNEV : The memorial of William Wilson
Chancellor, asking Congress to endow the "National Uni-
versity " in Ohio.
Also, the memonal of merchants, shippers, ship-owners,
underwriters, and others, of Cincinnati, icmonstiatin*
against the repeal of the act for the reduction of costs &c °
in admiralty. ' '
By Mr. KUHNS: The petition of John C. Plumer.and
70 other citizens of Westmoreland countv, Pennsylvania
praying for the establishment of a direct" mail route from
VVestnewton to Greonbburg, in &aid county.
On motion by Mr. HOLLADAY, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of Messrs. FinnaJl
& Graham be withdiavvn from the file*- of the House and
be referred again to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
By Mr. BOYD: The petition of James Sweet, praying
compensation tor a horse lost in the military service ot the
United States.
By Mr. CHURCHWELL : Tlit* memorial of E. Wilson
of 1 eimessee, praying for the passage of a law authorizing
the election or appointment of two public printers to Con-
gress, one a Democrat and one a Whig.
stc^db'iU m<;m01'al'P'ayingf0rthe Pas,aSe of ,hs hoine-
AJso, a memorial, praying to have the act ot 3d March
18al, so amended as to have one uniform rate of nostairi'
throughout the United States and Teiritones.
Tohn "?rr P^^y'vama: The'memorial of
John 6. Luteli, asking for per diem, mileage, kc. for eon-
liy All. BJ'jLL : The petition of citizen* of Patterson
township, Dark county, Ohio, praying tor the e?tabh*hment
a mail loute from Jacksonville, in said countv to T om
mie, in Shelby county, Ohio ' t0 •Lora"
By Mr. CHANDLER : The memorial of sundry citizens
of Illinois, asking for a giant of public land to aid id the
