2222
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 14,
has ever borne; and yet within a short time past
no less than five hundred tons of Russian hemp
have been purchased.
Now, sir, I have no doubt from the proofs in
the case, that this hemp was rejected at Boston
by a system of juggling, in order to maintain
Boston interests. I have no doubt that it was
wrongfully rejected, and that Mr. Myerle was
made to suffer immense injustice and loss from
the fact that his enterprise conflicted with Boston
interests, and must fall before Boston interests.
That is a true statement of the case. Mr. Myerle
ought to be compensated because he has been un-
justly dealt with; because it is unquestionable that
lie has suffered loss, and that he has suffered it
wrongfully.
As to the subordinate question, the rights of
these individuals advocated by the gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. Breckenridge,] I do not pretend
to decide it. It seems to me, that that is a ques-
tion which cannot be decided here. It is a disputed
question, and I do not think that in justice to Mr.
Myerle, the amendment oughtto be adopted. This
is all I desire to say about the matter.
Mr. BOCOCK, (resuming.) The remarks just
made by the gentleman from Tennessee, come in
aid of the position that I am taking, that this
hemp was improperly rejected. I had not said any-
thing that would implicate any in malicious feel-
ing towards Mr. Myerle or his section of country,
or the commissioners who examined this matter.
I did not know that that was an argument that
would have much weight with this House, espe-
cially when it was the color of the hemp and not
its strength that served those gentlemen as an ex-
cuse for rejecting it, and when I can show by evi-
dence, that the hemp was strong and good. I will
say this, however, in connection with the remarks
of the gentleman from Tennessee, that Secretary
Mason, in a late report, says :
'c 'Finding by s>h«rt experience that to insist on the inspec-
tion at Charlestown, a<5 heretofore practiced, would be in-
jurious to the western planter,5 he propose^ that the annual
purchaser of that article, when not provided otherwise by
contracts already made, shall 'be delivered and finally in-
spected at Louisville and St. Louis.5 55
From some consideration it appears that the
Department became satisfied that it was unjust to
those gentlemen making western hemp to require
it to be inspected at Charlestown; and since that
time inspection offices have been established at
Louisville and St. Louis.
I have shown that the Secretary of the Navy
entered into an arrangement with this man, that
he should engage in this business, and promised
to indemnify him certainly against all loss, and if
successful, to give him a handsome remuneration.
I have endeavored to show that this man was
faithful and energetic in his efforts to accomplish
the purpose in which he was engaged. To do so,
I have stated the facts connected with the other
and more restricted contract. If the contract for
the delivery of the five hundred tons of hemp was
violated by the improper rejection of the hemp, as
seems to be established by the testimony already
adduced, as well as by the emphatic declaration of
Mr. Paulding, contained in one of his letters on
file here, the right to damages under that breach
is clear. If, however, it was properly rejected,
which I do not admit, and the defect was an im-
material or unavoidable one, then Myerle is en-
titled to compensation under the broader agree-
ment first set forth, that he should be protected
against loss, if faithful.
A gentleman near me asks whether it was in
consequence of this undertaking on the part of
Myerle that bankruptcy fell upon him as it
has fallen upon him? I cannot say that it did,
and I desire to be frank. The proof is, that after
entering into this arrangement, he withdrew his
personal attention from his extensive and compli-
cated private business, and devoted it exclusively
to this public undertaking. Whether from the
withdrawal of that attention, orfrom other causes,
those private operations did prove unsuccessful, my
friend from Michigan, [Mr. Stuart,] who asks
the question, is as well qualified as any other per-
son, to judge how much depends on a man's per-
sonal attention to such business, and how great
ibe danger of withdrawing it.
There is no claim, as stated in the report, for any-
thing connected with his private losses. The only
claim is for remuneration for his actual losses in-
curred in consequence of the rejection of this
hemp.
Mr. STUART. I propounded the question to
the gentleman from Virginia, whether Mr. My-
erle was insolvent, and whether he became so in
consequence of his contract with the General Gov-
ernment? If he became so in consequence of this
contract, it is not only legitimate, but a very
strong argument. If, however, his insolvency
results from his private enterprise, the argument
from that source falls; but I regard it as particu-
larly applicable to the amendment proposed by
the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Breckin-
ridge.] If his private enterprises were likely to
prove unsuccessful, and these gentlemen advanced
him this money, probably with that knowledge,
upon terms commensurate with the risk they
took, then that is a strong reason why this amend-
ment should not be adopted. But I will only add
a single word, for I cannot consent to take the
gentleman's time. I submit to the committee
whether they have ever known a case where a
legislative body undertook to interfere between a
debtor and creditor that they did not work mis-
chief? I confess I never did.
Mr. BOCOCfC. I wish, in this connection, to
read a letter which has already been read from the
Clerk's desk, but which perhaps the committee
did not hear. It is written by James K. Pauld-
ing.
Hyde Park, Duchess County, -A-pril 12, 1852.
Dear Sir; I write tills to acknowledge the receipt of
the two letters of yours during the last winter, and one a
few days past, accompanied by an abstract of the last cen-
sus, printed in the Congressional Globe, from which I learn,
among other things, that twelve thousand tons of water-
rotted hemp are now annually produced in the United
States.
For this I do not hesitate to say, on my own personal
knowledge, the country is indebted to your exertions, en-
terprise, and perseverance, amid every species of discour-
agement and to the ruin of your fortune. It is to you the
United States are under the vast obligation of being made
entirely independent of foreign nations for the supply of an
article indispdnsable to their navy and mercantile marine.
I'he recompense you ask of Congress is no equivalent for
your own labors and sacrifices, much less for the benefit
derived from them; and U seems strange that, while that
body is appropriating millions of public property for rail-
roads through deserts, and displaying its liberality in behalf
of future as well as uncertain benefits it should thus long
have hesitated to discharge a debt of gratitude for one al-
ready received ot such magnitude. For the opposition of
Colonel Benton I could easily account; but I confess I am
at a loss to find any rational motive for that of the member
from North Carolina. If it be from a principle of economy,
I would respectfully advise him to turn his attention to the
general wasteful extravagance of Government, and stand
sentmel over the millions, instead of exhausting his vigi-
lance in defeating a just and equitable claim lor a few
thousands. I am as much in favor of public economy as
he can be ; but at the same time I conceive the obligation
of justice superior to those of mere penny-saving.
J live in hope of yet seeing something done for you, and
cannot but respect your firm reliance on Providence. It is
the sheet anchor, and though it may sometimes drag a little,
never tails to bring the ship up at last.
With the best wishes for your success, I remain your
friend and servant, J. K. PAULDING.
To David Myerle, Esq., Washington.
Now, Mr. Chairman, it strikes me that" it is
difficult to add to the facts and arguments which
are here developed. I have stated, I believe, that
Mr. Paulding, in another letter, says that if he
had remained in the Navy Department, he would
not have permitted the hemp to have been rejected,
being satisfied it was done improperly, and that
he would have secured to Mr. Myerle what was
promised him. This matter is set forth in the
report at some length.
I will now yield to the gentleman from Mis-
souri, [Mr. Hall,] though I desire to say a few
words after he has done. He may have ten min-
utes of my time.
Mr. HALL. I wish to say a very few words
in reference to this bill; and in order to give the
gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Bocock] abundant
time to reply to my remarks, I shall endeavor to
confine wnat I have to say within the space often
minutes.
This claim, as I understand it, rests upon two
grounds. The first is, that David Myerle intro-
duced the process of water-rotting hemp into the
United States, and thereby rendered an important
service to the country, for which he has never re-
ceived any remuneration. That is the firstground.
The second is, that he made a contract with the
Secretary of the Navy to supply the Navy with
water-rotted hemp; but that through the miscon-
duct of the agents of the Government, his hemp
was rejected, and thereby he has sustained a loss.
These, as I understand it, are the whole grounds
upon which this claim rests. Now, sir, as to the
first claim, the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Breckinridge,] who represents one of the most
extensive hemp-growing districts in the United
States, has told you, and every gentleman con-
nected with this matter will tell you, that the pro-
cess of water-rotting hemp was not introduced into
the country by Mr. Myerle at all; that it was a pro-
cess which has been tried long before that, m Ken-
tucky and in.other portions of the United States;
that it is about as old as that of water-rotting flax;
that it had been often tried in Europe and Amer-
ica, and that Mr. Myerle had only done the same
thing when he made this contract with the Navy
Departmenyhat hundreds of individuals had done
before him. ItTs true the practice of water-rotting
hemp had not become very general in the country
before Mr. Myerle entered into it, but it is equally
true that the same process is not very general to
this day.
I represent one of the largest hemp-growing dis-
tricts in the country, and I do not know a single
man in my district who manufactures water-rotted
hemp. And why? Because the prejudice still
exists to some extent that it is unhealthy, in the
first place, and in the next place, because it is a
disagreeable and unprofitable business. Our hemp
growers in upper Missouri can better afford to
raise dew-rotted hemp at $90 per ton, than to raise
the water-rotted for $200 per ton. That is the
reason why they do not water-rot hemp; but when-
ever you can make it profitable for them to do so,
they will water-rot it—not because David Myerle
has done it before, but because they are willing to
do whatever anybody else can do with hemp. It
is a business they thoroughly understand, and are
willing to do it, provided they can get paid for it.
But the gentleman tells you that the business of
water-rotting hemp has been extended since the
commencement of Mr. Myerle's enterprise. That
is true, but it is also true that the business of dew-
rotting hemp has also been extended since that
time. Upper Missouri raised no hemp at all but
a few years ago. And why? Because the hemp-
growing district of Missouri is a new country. It
has not been settled very many years. A little
while  go there was nobody in upper Missouri to
raise hemp; but since the ftentuckians have gone
there and cultivated the country, they have raised
hemp—not because Mr. Myerle contracted to
water-rot it, and broke at it. It is no such thing.
They raise it there because it is a hemp-growing
country, and because they can make more by rais-
ing it than anything else. They did not raise it
many years ago, because there was no one in the
hemp-growing country to raise it. You must un-
derstand that it requires a great deal of force to
raise hemp. A man must have slaves, or negroes,
and very few such persons were in the hemp-
growing country fifteen years ago. There are
many such there now.
But the gentleman says Mr. Myerle encouraged
•the introduction of water-rotted hemp. Where is
the proof ? Why, Mr. Myerle made a contract
with the Government to furnish the Navy with
water-rotted hemp at $300 a ton, when the foreign
article could be bought for $230—for $70 more
than we should have paid Russia. He made the
contract, but broke at it, and thereby encouraged
others to engage m it. That is the argument.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. Will thegen-
tleman allow me to make a remark ? I place this
claim chiefly upon the ground that Mr. Myerle's
hemp was as good as Russian hemp, but was re-
jected, notwithstanding that fact.
Mr, FLORENCE. Mr. Myerle broke because
his hemp was rejected.
Mr. HALL. Well, sir, has not every gentle-
man who has advocated this claim made the same
argument? that he made a contract with the Gov-
ernment to furnish the Navy with water-rotted
hemp—that he broke at it, and that he therefore
encouraged the practice of water-rotting hemp?
Why, sir, is that the way to encourage a thing—
to enter into it and then break? It seems to me
it is the way to discourage it; and if any discour-
agement of this process has been inflicted upon
the people of this country,it has been Mr. Myerle's
mismanagement. He had a contract for $300 a
ton, and failed to make money at it; although the
Russian hemp could be bought for $230. If this
had any effect at all, it was to discourage other
people from entering into it, and not to induce
them to adopt theprocess. I will, however, admit
that Mr. Myerle did induce the people of Mis-
souri to water-rot hemp in one way. I will tell
