1860
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 13.
but that, in pursuance of the policy which had
hitherto governed this Government, they could
only pay $355,000. "Now, sir, my difficulty is
this-, to find any principle of public law, which
has- ever been reeognized by this Government,
that will authorize you to pay one cent in this
case. I understand that the principle assigned in
regard to spoliations committed by a public enemy,
since the last war with Great Britain, has been
limited to this: that wheii private property is de-
stroyed by a public enemy, in consequence of its
being occupied by the-armed forces of the United
States, and by that means hostilities are attracted
to it-, then the Government is bound to make good
the damage. So that, if I understand the action
of this Government hitherto, it has limited itself
to making compensation to the sufferers from the
depredations of a public enemy, by that rule. It
must be private property occupied by the troops
of the United States, and by that means inviting
aggression, to call upon the Government for re-
muneration. This clearly does not come within
the'rule. There is another general law, (and, if
the Senate will excuse me, I will say a higher law,
than that by which we have acknowledged our-
selves to be governed in our sublunary matters
here, by which every Government is bound to
protect every citizen in the enjoyment of all his
rights; but that law has not been carried into such
practical operation,) that if private property is
injured- by a mob, or injured by a public enemy
in open war, an obligation is imposed upon the
Government to remunerate for the loss. Well,
then, if there be any principle of public policy
upon which the Government has ever acted, which
would make it liable in this case, it must arise
from the Indian intercourse law referred to by the
Senator from Texas, or the act of 1816, referred
to by the Senator from Georgia. Now, sir, I do
not know but tfcat they may be perfectly familiar
to the rest of the Senate, but they are not so to
me. I have never heard any system of policy
avowed here upon the floor of the Senate, that
would justify the payment of this damage ill any
way. I do not say that there is none. I do not
know but there may be; but if there be, it must
arise either out of the Indian intercourse law, or
the-law of 1816, which has been spoken of.
Mr. CLEMENS. I hope the honorable Sen-
ator from New Hampshire will allow me to state
a few facts which do not seem to be understood.
"Mr. HALE. I would be glad if the Senator
from Alabama would answer my question. I
would then give way to him with great pleasure.
Mr. CLEMENS. I will answer it by a mere
statement of facts. There are some facts which
it is important to understand in this question,and
which ao not seem to lie understood by the Sen-
ate. A portion of the opponents of this appropri-
ation go upon the ground that there was a public
war. Why, there was no such thing. Although
the-e was a state of actual hostilities, yet there
never was a public war. The portion of the In-
dians who were engaged in these depredations,
consisted of less than one fifth of the Creek na-
tion. The Upper Creeks constitute the largest
portion of the nation, and never had anything to
do with it. They were removed from beyond it
almost entirely; and of the Lower Creeks, fifteen
hundred warriors were enrolled under Genera]
Jesup, to assist the authontiesof the United States
in suppressing those depredations. There never
was any act of the Indian Council which recog-
nized the existence of war. On the'contrary, it
was denied by the Indian chiefs. They denied
that any war existed. They said this was the act
of desperadoes, over whom the council had no
control, and whom they aided the troops of the
United States in arresting and punishing. That
is one fact.
This was no public war. If it had been a pub-
lic war, l'admit the principle which was applied
in the House of Representatives would have ap-
plied in this case, and would have excluded these
settlers from any right of compensation.
Again, in the report submitted by Mr. Balch,
he goes on to say:
" Under these calamitous circumstances, many of the
Creeks wandered off m small parties, and committed ag-
gressions upon the property of itie while- settlers." °
It will be seen that this was not a public war in
which hostilities were waged, but that the Creeks,
wandering eft' in small parties, committed aggres-
sions on the property of the whites.
Mr. Balch proceeds: i
c' Towards the close of this year, and in the beginning of |
1835, the condition of theCreeks became deplorable. Corn I
and meat ivere exceedingly scarce. The white people, j
who had moved in, and who possessed means, purchased, j
at enormous prices, all the provisions that were to be sold. [
It is said, and no doubt truly, that the Indians often stripped i
off the inner bark of trees, and after boiling it m water, I
drank this decoction as a substitute for food.. The women
and their children asked permission to glean up the small
potatoes which were left after removing the mam crop, and
regarded this permission as an inestimable favor.
"All these views are continued by the letters of their
Excellencies Governors Schley and Clay."
All these facts were brought to the notice of the
Government at that time. The Government was
urged, by the Executive officers of Georgia and
Alabama and Florida, to take steps for the removal
of the Indians, anticipating the existence of the
very state of things which finally occurred.
Now, as I understand it, the principle which is
established by the intercourse law is, that for dep-
redations committed by the Indians on the frontier
settlers when no public war exists, this Govern-
ment will pay a reasonable amount. We asked for
this; and the Senate, at the last session, agreed to
grant it. What we asked then was more than we
ask now. It would give us double what is now
asked. If the intercourse law was applied to the
States of Alabama and Georgia, it would give us
double the amount now sought to be obtained.
I have been asked how this amount has been
arrived at. I will state it. Upon the recommend-
ation of President Jackson, commissioneis were
appointed, in the year 1836, to go into the Indian
territory and ascertain the amount of losses, which
had been sustained by the citizens of Alabama
almost entirely—a few of them may have been j
Georgians, and a few Floridians, but most of them 1j
were Alabamians—five sixth of the sufferers, I j!
might say, were from the State of Alabama, jj
These commissioners made a laborious investiga- I1
tion into the causes of hostilities in the first place; j|
and they took the whole proof in relation to the jj
losses which had been sustained by the settlers, i1
They rejected all consequential damages. They j
allowed for corn, fodder, and cattle actually lost. !|
The actual loss only amounted to $355,000. They jj
reported that sum to the Government, and recom- i
mended that it should be paid. The amount of !i
consequential damages was $1,500,000. They j!
were rejected. We ask now for payment only !j
for the actual loss, and not for consequential dam- ]!
ages. We wish to be paid for the property actu- ji
ally destroyed. The proof was taken at the time, ij
and is now upon the records of the Government. I1
Mr. RUSK. The Senator from New Hamp- '!
shire inquired, a little while ago, for the intercourse ;
law. I will read for him the seventeenth section !
of that law. It was an act passed on the 30th of j
, June, 1834, entitled " An act to regulate trade I
j and intercourse with the Indian tribes, and to pre- j
' serve peace on the frontier." The seventeenth J
section of the act provides: i
17. Anti bat further cnctcbed, That if any Indian \
or Indians belonging to any tribe in aunty with the United ;
tfttttc?, t-hall, withm the Indian country, take or de-Utov tin* 1
probity ol any peison lawfully within such country, or
t>hai! pa-s from the Indian country into any State orTerri- 1
mry inhabited by citizens ol the United States, and there I
take, ^t ntl3 or deploy, any horse, horses, or other property, i
belonging to any citizen or inhabitant ot the United States, :
such citizen or inhabitant, Ins representative, attorney, or :
ag<*nt, may make application to the proper supeiintendent, ;
au'ont, or sub agent, who, upon being furnished with the !
n ><vs<nry documents and proofs, shall, under the direction j
of the President, make application to the nation or tribe to ,
winch said Indian or [ndians shalf belong, for satisfaction ;
and ii such nation or tube shall neglect or refuse to make !
satisfaction, in a reasonable time, not exceeding twelve i
months, it shall be the duty of such superintendent, agent '
nrMib accent, to make return of his doings to the Comnns' i
sinner of Indian Affairs, that such further FtPns may be i
taken as shall be proper, m the opinion of the President, to i
obtain aatis-faetion lor the injury; and, in the mean tune, in <
re-pect to the property !«o taken, >toJen, or destioyed, the
United States guaiantee to the paity so injured an eventual i
indemnification: Provided, That if such mjnied partv, his j
representative, attorney, or agent, shall in any way violate I
any of the provisions of this act, by seeking or attemprmff
to obtain puvate satisfaction or revenge, he shall forfeit all !
claim upon the United State* l«r such indemnification- jind j
■provided also, That, unless such claim shall be presented
within three years atter the commission of the injury, the '
same shill be barred. And if the nation or tribe to which !
such Indian may belong receive an annuity from the United i
States, such chum shall, at the next payment of the annui- i
ty, be deducted therefrom, and paid to the party injured* ,
and if no annuity is payable to such nation or tribe, then I
the amount of the chum shall be paid from th* Treasury j
of the United States: Provided, That nothing herein con- "
tained shall prevent the legal apprehension and punishment
of any Indians having so offended."
This act does not extend to the States of Ala-
bama, Georgia, and Florida, for the first section
of that act declares—
" That all that part of the United States west of theMin-
sissippi, and not within the States of Missouri and Louisi-
ana, or the Teiritory of Arkansas, and also that pait of the
United States ca:-t oi the Mississippi river, and not within
any State to which the Indian utle has not been extin-
guished, for the purposes of this act, be taken and deemed
to be the Indian couutiy."
Mr. HALE. The Senator from Alabama, if I
understand him, and 1 believe 1 do, does not put
this, then, upon the ground upon which the Sena-
tor from Georgia did. The Senator from Georgia
said this was eventually a public war.
Mr. DAWSON. I stated that there was never
any declaration of war against these tribes. There
was some fighting.
Mr. HALE, it resulted in war. You know,
sir, as well as I do, that a war can take place be-
tween this country and another without any pre-
vious declaration, but by a simple resolve that war
does exist.
The Senator from Alabama then puts it upon
another ground. He does not put it upon the
ground that this was the act of a public enemy.
Now, I confess I am not conversant with the laws
relating to intercourse with the Indian tribes, be-
cause 1 have not had occasion to look into them;
but it appears to%ie, if this case is to be taken out
of the general principle, it must be on account of
one of these acts—the act regulating Indian inter-
course, or the act of 1816, to which the Senator
from Georgia referred, it strikes me, from the
very cursory reading which the Senator from
Texas gave to the act in relation to Indian inter-
course, that it does not apply to this case at all,
and I wi'l tell him why. it applies evidently to
the case of Indians on the frontier with whom we
have existing treaties, and to whom we are bound
to pay annuities.
Mr. RUSK. These Indians are of that descrip-
tion.
Mr. HALE. This was a measure of precau-
tion, that the Government might hold in its hands
the means of coercing them to a faithful perform-
ance of treaty obligations. But if they fail to pre-
serve peace—if they commit depredations on the
property of citizens within our borders, then the
Indian superintendent is to notify the President,
and such steps are ultimately to be taken, that
those who suffer shall be remunerated out of the
annuities to be paid to the Indians.
Mr. RUSK. What does " eventual indemni-
fication" mean?
Mr. HALE. It means that the President, or
Congress, will retain out of the annuities to be
paid to the Indians the amount of damages re-
quisite to satisfy the depredations which they
commit.
Mr. RUSK. That is notthe practice.
Mr. HALE. It seems to me that it is not in
this case. The advocates of the amendment have
failed to show any principle of public law recog-
nized by this Government, orany other, which will
justify this amendment. Th^re have been, and
always will be, vast sufferings in any civilized or
savage community by individuals from the acts of
public enemies, and the acts of mobs and lawless
individuals. Riots take place in every well-organ-
ized community, and in every community that is
not well organized, because you cannot organize
any community so well but that there will he law-
less men, who will not submit to the restraints of
law. But no community has acknowledged the
obligation to pay damages done by lawless indi-
viduals, unless it has been recognized by a pre-
existing statute. I might refer'to a Common-
wealth which considers Jierself one of the most
refined and highly-cultivated within the limits of
the whole United States; I might refer to the old
Commonwealth of Massachusetts. Within sight
of her Capitol stand the black and smoky walls
of a Catholic convent which was burnt down by
a mob some twenty years ago. Its owners have
been petitioning the Legislature of Massachusetts
from that clay to this for remuneration; but the
first cent has not yet been paid, because that Com-
monwealth does not recognize the obligation to
pay it, and does not admit that it is a rule of pol-
icy for the government of a State to remunerate for
damages thus suffered, unless the obligation has
been admitted by a previous statute. In some of
the States—in Maryland, in Pennsylvania, and in
many others—previous statutes liave acknowl-
edged that right.
