THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. HIVES.—TERMS $3 FOR THIS SESSION.
32d Congress, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, AUGUST 19, 1852.
New Series....No. 140.
Colonel Benton made a furious attack upon it in
the Senate. I think at that timejthat it went to
the Senate from this House. Perhaps the gentle-
man is correct in saying that it was defeated.
Mr. CARTTER. I move that the committee
rise.
Mr. CABELL, of Florida, demanded tellers;
which were ordered; and Messrs. King, of New
York, and Stanton, of Tennessee, were ap-
pointed.
The question was taken, and the tellers reported
—ayes 53, noes 41.
So the committee agreed to rise.
The committee then rose, and the Speaker hav-
ing resumed the chair, the chairman reported that
the Committee of the Whole House on thePrivate
Calendar had had under consideration House bill
No. 168, for the relief of David Myerle, but had
come to no conclusion thereon.
Mr. BRIGGrS. I ask the unanimous consent
<?f the House to correct a clerical error njade in the
engrossment of bill No. 166; that is, to change the
word Cilley to that of Ifelley.
The SPEAKER. There being no objection, it
* will be so ordered.
Mr. HOUSTON. As the gentlemen who have
objected to the fortification bill will not press their
objections now, I ask leave to report it for the
purpose of reference.
Mr. CARTTER. I object to any such bill.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi. I ask the cop-
sent of the House to withdraw from the Commit-
tee on Commerce some papers in reference to the
custom-house at Biloxi, Mississippi, for the pur-
pose of reference to the proper Department.
The SPEAKER. There being no objection, it
will be so ordered.
On motion by Mr. LETCHER, the House
then adjourned until Monday next at eleven
o'clock, a. m.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions, memorials, &c., were presented
•nderthe rule, and referred to the appropriate committees :
By Mk BRIGGS : The memorial of Nelson Johnson and
others, citizens of New Yorlc, praying Congress for the
passage of a Jaw for the better protection of lives on board
of steamboats.
Also1, the memorial of Dingwell and others, for the same.
Aisu, the memorial of D. E. Bailie arid others, for the
eame.
Also, the.memorial of Thomas Carter and others, for the
same.
Also, the memorial of II. M. Lockwood and others, for
the same.
Also, the memorial of E. M. Baldwin and others, for the
same.
By Mr. BURROWS: The petition of Eleanor Conlan,
praytng for pension and bounty land.
By Mr. HART: The memorial of Cyrus Peck, James
Crepscy, Albert Perkins, Ira Smith, and others, praying the
passage' of a bill for the protection of the lives of passen-
gers in steamboats.
. IN SENATE.
Monday, August 16, 1852.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair has received a
memorial from the laborers on the extension of
the Capitol, in which they set forth that the com-
pensation allowed them, taking into consideration
the immense increase in the price of provisions in
this city, is barely sufficient to support them, even
when they receive full compensation; but that de-
ductions are made whenever the weather prevents
them working.
The memorial was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. HAMLIN presented the memorial of the
agent of the State of Maine, praying that the ac-
counting officers of the Treasury may be author-
ized to "allow and pay all claims intended to be
provided for by the act of 13th June, 1842, that
have been actually allowed and paid by said State;
which was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. PISH presented the petition of the widow
of C. L. Williamson, late a commander in the
Navy, praying to be allowed the pension her hus-
band received during his life; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
140
Also, a petition of residents of Green ' Point,
New York, praying that the homestead bill may
become a law; which was ordered to be laid on
th,e table.
Mr. SOULE presented the petition of R. B.
Sumner and other citizens of New Orleans, pro-'
posing to sell the United States a site for a naval
depot in that city; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. RUSK presented the memorial of the widow
of Ira Birdsall, United States mail agent, who died
while in the discharge of his duty, praying an ap-
propiiation fpr the relief of herself and family;
which was referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. SEWARD presented resolutions passed at
a meeting of the Chamber of Commerce of the
city of New York, in favor of an appropriation
for the improvement of navigation through Hell
Gate, and over Diamond Reef; which was ordered
to be laid on the table.
Mr. BADGER presented the memorial of J.
M. Miller, of Louisiana, proposing to place at the
disposal of the Government, for a fair considera-
tion, his steam condenser, for the use of their
steam navy; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. BORLAND presented the petition of me-
chanics and laborers employed in the navy-yard
at Washington, praying an increase of their pay;
which was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Also, a letter, in the form of a memorial, from
the men employed on the public works in Wash-
ington, praying an increase of pay; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, presented a petition of
the citizens of Iowa, praying the passage of the
homestead bill; which was ordered to be laid on
the table.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. STOCKTON, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to which was referred the memorial of
Thomas Ap C. Jones, asking to be restored to the
list of invalid pensions, and to be allowed arrears
of pension, submitted a report, accompanied by a
bill for his relief; which was read, and passed to
the second reading. The report was ordered to
be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the memorial of James Wormsley,
praying a pension, submitted a report, accom-
panied by a bill for his relief; which was read,
and passed to the second reading. The report
was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the petition of John Mitchell, pray-
ing that the increase of pension allowed him may
be made to extend back to date of the injury for
which the pension was granted, asked to be dis-
charged from the further consideration thereof.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the petition of Thomas W. Pheips,
praying a pension in consequence of the loss of
sight caused by disease contracted in the naval
service, asked to be discharged from the further
consideration thereof.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the petition of Frederick Rikow,
praying an increase of pension, and to be allowed
the amount of money of which he was robbed
while in Mexico, submitted an adverse report
thereon.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the petition of Lucy Tate, widow of
an officer in the revolutionary war, praying a pen-
sion, asked to be discharged from the further con-
sideration thereof.
Mr. UNDERWOOD, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to which was referred the petition
of Joseph Mitchell, submitted an adverse report
thereon; which was ordered to be printed.
REMITTANCE OF DUTIES.
Mr. FISH, by unanimous consent, submitted
informally the substitute which he intends to offer
to the bill to remit or refund duties on goods,
wares and merchandise destroyed by fire, which
was ordered to be printed.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
A message from the House of Representatives
was presented by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announ-
cing that it had passed a bill making appropria-
tions for the support of the Army for the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1853.
On motion by Mr. HUNTER, it was read a
first and second time by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Finance.
The message also announced that the House
of Representatives concurred in the amendment
made by the Senate to the act for the relief of
Monmouth B. Hart, Joel Itelley, and William
Close, sureties for the late Benjamin F. Hart, a
purser in the United States Navy.
MARY E. BLANEY.
Mr. BRIGHT. On Saturday last, the bill for
the relief of Mrs. Mary E. Blaney, widow of
the late Major George Blaney, came up on its
passage and was rejected. On conversing with
the Senator from Maryland, [Mr. Pratt,] I am
satisfied that injustice has been done in that
case. Therefore, as I voted with the majority, I
move to reconsider the vote by which the bill was
rejected.
Mr. PRATT. I wish to ask the attention of
the Senate to that bill. It was ordered to be en-
grossed on Friday. I supposed that Saturday
was to be devoted to the Senator from New York,
[Mr. Seward,] and that it was not to be consid-
ered a legislative day, and I therefore went home.
But I find by looking at the newspapers this
morning that the bill was rejected on that day.
As my friend from Indiana has moved a recon-
sideration of that vote, I desire a test vote of the
Senate, for it presents a" case, if any has ever
been presented, in which the Government ought to
pay interest.
The facts of the case are these: The husband of
this good lady was an officer of the Army. He
died in the public service. He had placed to his
individual credit in bank some $9,000 or $3,000.
The Treasurer of the United States directed the
cashier of the bank, under the supposition that
the officer was indebted to the Government, to
place that fund, which was to the individual
credit of the officer, to the credit of the Govern-
ment. The cashier did so, and the effect was to
place this money in the Treasury of the United
States. After some ten or twelve years of litiga-
tion, the Supreme Court of the United States de-
cided that this man was not indebted to the Gov-
ernment. The result thus has been that money to
the credit of an individual at the time he died was
taken possession of by the Government. It was
used by the Government for a great length of time,
and at the expiration of the period, the Supreme
Court decided that the money belonged to the indi-
vidual. If that does not present a case in which the
Government ought to pay interest, then there is no
case in which it should, because here, by force, it
took the money belonging to this individual and
used it. I hope the Senate will consent to the re-
consideration, and that we shall pass the bill im-
mediately. But a few days ago, an amendment
was made to a bill by the Senate, at the instance of
the Senator from North Carolina, [Mr. Badger,]
in which interest was paid under circumstances
not half so strong as the present case.
Mr. BRADBURY. I do not rise to interpose
any objection to thereconsideration of this matter,
further than that the whole of the facts may be
clearly understood. I understand—and if I am
wrong I will thank the honorable Senator from
Maryland to correct me—that the difference be-
tween the Government and this officer arose from
a claim on the part of the officer for the payment
of commissions. 1 understand this was one of that
class of claims thathad not, up to that time, been
recognized as legitimate. Subsequently, he was
able to obtain a decision in its favor. When it
was presented, it was regarded as among; the class
of doubtful claims, but I believe the ultimate de-
