2226
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 16,
cision was in favor of the officer. Subsequent
legislation deprived officers of that class of claims.
Now, I would inquire whether that is not the
true question presented—whether the money was
not detained during litigation in regard to a doubt-
ful claim, and whether it could be properly said
that the officer was not indebted to the Govern-
ment until that doubtful question was settled, as
it finally was by the determination of the court^
Again, there would seem to be some doubt in
regard to the authority of the cashier of the bank
to refuse the payment to fcthe legal representative
of money that belonged to that representative. If
this be the true view of the case, the representa-
tive of the estate has an adequate claim against
the bank for the detention of the money. 1 pre-
sent these considerations in order that a full view
of the case may be had.
Mr. WALKER. On Saturday last I called for
the yeas and nays on the passage of this bill. I
announced at the time that I felt a desire that it
should be passed, and I voted for it. I still desire
its passage, and a "very simple observation in reply
to the Senator from Maine, it occurs to me, ought
to satisfy the Senate. Whatever may have been
the difficulty between the officer and the Govern-
ment in regard to certain commissions which he
had charged, it has no bearing whatever on this
case; for here was the individual money of the
officer on deposit in bank, and on a mere pre-
sumption of the officers of the Government that it
was the Government's money, they directed it to
be changed from the credit of the individual to the
credit of the Government. So it remained as long
as the litigation continued. That litigation resulted
not only in favor of the individual's chaige for the
commission, but in demonstrating the fact that the
Government had, during the whole time, the use
of the money o,f the officer. In the mean time he
died. His widow was deprived of the use of the
money for twelve or thirteen years, and now it is
said that the Government ought to pay nothing to
his widow for the use of the money, after having
kept her out of it such a length of time. This,
it seems to me, is one of those cases where we
ought to allow interest. The object for which I
called for the yeas and nays was that the attention
of the Senate might be directed to the subject,
with the view of letting the Senate know that they
were voting for an allowance of interest. I wish
this to be understood, so that when some of my
reports from the Committee on Claims come up, it
may not be said that the Senate have always in-
veterately opposed the payment of interest.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to, and
the bill was passed.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. DOWNS. I rise to make a personal ex-
planation. I find that in my absence from the
Senate, explanations have been frequently made
by other members of the Senate, lespecting an
amendment to the Census bill which was reported
by me from the Committee on the Judiciary,
which has passed both Houses of Congress'. A
great many explanations have been made, to show
on whom rests the responsibility of the amend-
ment. I attach no importance to it myself. Ire-
ported the amendment, and am responsible for it.
When the question was first mentioned, before I
went away, I thought it of so little consequence
as not to require an explanation; but I find, on
looking into the debates which have taken place
since I have been gone, that the matter has been
referred to so often, and so many different expla-
nations have been made, there Reemed to be such
an anxiety to fix the responsibility upon me, and
so much was said—very unnecessarily, it seems to
me—about the responsibility of it, that, although
really there is no importance whatever attached to
it by me, yet these debates have given an import-
ance to it which requires me brierly to explain it.
The matter is a very simple one. There is no ne-
cessity for misunderstanding, and no responsibil-
ity connected with it of which anybody need be
afraid.
The circumstances of the case arc these: When
the Committee on the Judiciary had this matter
before them, a communication was sent by the
Secretary of the Interior to the committee, ad-
dressed to the chairman, but which came into my
hands as acting chairman, in the absence of the
chairman, [Mr. Butler,] stating that some diffi-
culty having arisen as to the amount of pay which
the person acting as Superintendent of the Census
or Secretary of the Census Board should receive,
he wished some provision made in the law to
settle the question; that up to a certain time he
had been paid $3,000, and he thought he ought to
be paid that yet; but to remove all doubt and dif-
ficulty, he suggested that some provision should
be made in the bill to settle it. I have before me
the letter of the Secretary of the Interior to that
effect. But to show clearly the whole state of
the case, I have another statement from that gen-
tleman of the whole subject, addressed to Mr.
Kennedy, which explains it more fully than I can
do:
Washington, July 29,1852.
Sir: I have leeeived your letter of rhis morning in which
you refer to the proceedings of the Senate yesterday, and
request me to tarnish you a statement of such facts as I am
acquainted with, connected with your claim for your official
salary. In reply, I have to state that, when X took charge
of tills Department, in September, 1850, I found you receiv-
ing a salary of $3,000.
This you continued to receive, as I believe, without ob-
jection, lor some month*. 1 then learned that objection?
wete raised to your receiving more tli m $'2,500, on the
ground that your functions as Secretary ot the Census
Board had ceased, and that from that time yon were to be
regarded merely, as ''Superintending Clerk." The disburs-
ing agent having made a decision to this effect, the subject
was brought before me ofncially, and on an examination of
the law, 1 was of the opinion that you were justly entitled
to $3,000 so long as the Census Board lequired your ser-
vices ; and that when your functions as Secretary of that
Board ceased you would draw your salary, as Superintend-
ing Clerk, at the rate of $2,500 pei annum.
In pursuance of this opinion, I addressed a note to the
disbursing agent, instructing hirn to allow you, in your dou-
ble rapacity of Secretaiy of the CensusBoard and Superin-
tending clerk, a salary of $3,000. A copy of that note is
herewith inclosed, No. 1.
Thus the matter et<«od until about January, 1851, when
objections were renewed by the First Comptroller.
I was of the opinion that the whole matter resolved itself
into an issue of fact, vi/.: when did the functions of the
Census Board cease ?
I thought it was not competent either for the Comptroller
or myself to decide that question ; and thereby undertake
summarily to dissolve a Boaid established by law, arid com-
posed of gentlemen quite as intelligent and upii'jht as our-
selves. In conformity to this view of the subject, I ad-
dressed an oflictal letter to the Census Boaid, under date of
.'{0th ot September la^t, (a copy of which 1 inclose, rnaiked
2 ;) in which, after reciting the facts, 1 icqur ted them to
mtorm ine whether then functions as a Hoard tiad ceased ?
and if so, at what tame? To tins* letter I received a reply,
signed by Mr. Cuttenden and Mr Webster, (Jud.te flail
being at the time absent, I believe,) a copy of winch is also
inelohed, marked No. 3.
TIih, f believe, was done until about the close of the
year 1851. Shoitly thereaftei vou called upon me and
stated that the dilheulties had been renewed m regard to
yoni salary ; and aitei exploring your regret at the feeling
displayed toward >ou by some <>1* the officeis, you stated
that, to remove Ml sci uple«, you had a thought of asking
an amendment oi the law, which would make the matter
entirely plain J evpres^ed my approbation of that couise,
and with your concuirouce, it not at your icque^t, I ad-
dressed an official note, under date of the 8fh of February,
1352, to Hon. A. P. Butler, chaninan of the Judiciary Com-
mittee of the Senate, reieiring to the difficulties which
existed, and leqneMnig ofhwn the introductiouof an amend-
ment into the suppIenieuMiy bill, then before the commit-
tee, fixing vonr -salary at ,<?3,(>00. A copy of this note is
inclosed, marked No. -1.
1 deem it proper to add that, in all my mteivicws with
you, you umfoimly disciplined all right to the two sabine*,
and contended merely that you were entitled to (he larger
of the two, viz : ^-3,000.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
ALEX. 11. H. STUART.
Here is the brief note addressed by the Secre-
tary of the Interior to the chairman of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary:
Dn> irtmevt op the Inteiiior, March 8, 1850.
Sir: As <-ome difficulty has oecuried in legard to the
salary of Mr. Kennedy, who has acted in the double capa-
city of Census Superintendent and Secietary of the Cemus
Board, [ would le^pectfuily suggest the introduction of a
clause into the supplementary bill which you propose to
report, fixing his sal.ny at $3,O00.
I think ho richly ments it, and I can seo no reason why
he should stand on a different footing from the other heads
of bureaus. Very tespectfully, &c.,
A. II. II. STUART.
Hon. A. P. Butler,
Chiarmanof the Judiciary Committee, U. S, Senate.
In accordance with this request of the Secretary
of the Interior, a clause was inserted in the bill,
the object of which was to give the Superintendent
of the Census, acting also as Secretary of the
Census Board, the salary of §3,000 a year, and
nothing more. Nothing- more has ever been con-
tended for; nothing more was contended for at the
time. As to the form in which the amendment
was made, after the committee agreed on the
changes in the bill in other respects, the matter
was referred to Mr. Kennedy, or the Secretary of
the Interior, I do not recollect which, but to one of
them, to draw the bill in form; and as they pre-
sented it -frith this clause, so it was reported. In-
' sterid of expressing directly that the salary shoulct
,be $3,000/ it repealed a clause in the act of 1850,
about which there was some ambiguity. Now,
the only doubt which rests on this subject as to
the propriety of the law, is whether the functions
of the Census* Board did exist after the act of
1850 Was passed. I apprehend that all the diffi-
culty in this case has arisen from a misinterpreta-
tion of the law in that respect. The Serfator from
Massachusetts seems to adopt the idea, that the
functions of the Census Board ceased after the
passage of the act of 3850. But that clearly is
not the case. In the act of 1850, there is an-ex-
press pro visian that the functions of the Board,
for certain purposes, shall" be continued. In the
nineteenth section of that act, is this provision:
" The blanks and preparatory printing for taking the cen-
sus shall be executed under the direction of the Census
Board; the other printing hereafter to be executed aa Con-
gress shall direct."
That clearly continued the Census Board; but
this is not the only proof of the matter of fact,
which is the main point in this controversy; for we
find that immediately on thepassage of thelaw, the
proper officers of the Government grave that con-
struction to it. We find in July, 1850, the Cen-
sus Board, under General Taylor's administration,
gave this statement and opinion:
Office Census Hoard, Washington, July 1,1350.
Mr. Kennedy, appointed Secretary of the Census Board
in accordance with the act of the 4th of March, 1849, con>-
tinucs to perform his duties as such, and will continue to
perform the same until the requirement* of the twentieth
section of the act of the 23d of May, 1850, have been com-
plied with, and the accounts settied.
J. M. CLAYTON,
REV'Y" JOHNSON,
J. COLLAMER.
So that, after the passage of the law of 1850, he
continued in his functions, and we find that on the
30th of September, 1851, when the question was
raised again as to whether those functions were
continued, an application was made by the Secre-
tary of the Interior to theCensus Board, then con-
sisting of different individuals—the present Attor-
ney General* Secretary of State, and Postmaster
General—for their opinion. The following letter
was received in answer:
Washington, September 30, 1851.
We have received your letter of to-day, and have tfie
honor to reply, that we do not consider the Census Board
(of which we are members) as dissolved, or Mr. J. C. G.
Kennedy, the Secretary of that Board, as discharged from
ofhee; The duties for which that "Board was constituted,
and the Secretary appointed, have not been finally comple-
ted. We reirard the Boaid as still continuing, and the Sec-
retary as still in office, and as entitled as such to the salary
of $-3,000 per annum, and at that rate.
We are, veiy respectfully, yours, &e.,
J. J. CRITTENDEN.
DANIEL WEBSTER.
Hon. A. H. H. Stuart, Secretary of the Intenor.
P. S When the Board, by its own official act, shall b©
dissolved, we will not fail to make it known to vou.
" J. J. C.
J), w.
So, Mr. President, it is very clear, both from,
the construction of the law, and the construction
which has been given to it by the law o/Hcers of
the Government, (for the Attorney General, and
two other distinguished officers of the Govern-
ment, constitute the Census £>oard,)that the func-
tions did so continue. Iapprehend th'atthe reason
why the Senator from Massachusetts fell into the
difficulty on this subject is, that, as the Census bill
of 1850 was reported and first adopted in the Sen-
ate, it did not contain this provision continuing the
Census Board, but afterwards the twentieth section
was adopted, which has been modified to the act
which has given rise to this discussion. It con-
tained the following:
"That, for the purpose of carrying into effect this net,
and defraying the preliminary expenditures, there is hereby
appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, $150,000, out of which the said Secretary
of the Interior may allow the person employed as Secretory
of the Census Boaid a compensaiion after the rate of .§3,000
per annum, from the period he has been in their employ."
Now, that was evidently based on the idea that
these functions should not continue; but, after-
wards, by an amendment made in the House, the
proviso was inserted which contained that provi-
sion of the bill; but it was not adverted to at the
time. It was necessary to change in some respects
the phraseology of the twentieth section; and there-
fore it was adopted. There was some ambiguity
in if, and in consequence, it was necessary to
make the amendment to the law suggested by the
