1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
451
joint resolution to provide for th<* printing of the Returns of
the Seventh Census, be printed for the use of the Senate.
BILLS PASSED*
The following engrossed bills were severally-
read a third time and passed:
A bill for the relief of Mary W. Thompson;
A bill for the relief of John T. Sullivan;
A bill for the relief of Joseph Gideon;
A bill for the relief of John 0. Means;
A bill concerning the sessions of the courts of
the United States in the district of Delaware;
A bill for the relief of George Poindexter;
A bill for the relief of William Miller;
A bill for the relief of Ezra Williams; and
A bill making an appropriation part for the
erection of a light-house on Sand Key, Florida.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, February 3, 1852.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Rev. L. F. Morgan.
The Journal of Monday was read and approved.
INTERVENTION.
Mr. ANDREWS. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce the resolutions of the
Legislature of the State of Maine, in relation to
Hungary and intervention.
No objection was made, and they were intro-
duced, as follows:
Resolve extending an invitation to Louis Kossuth.
Resolved, That in Louis Kossuth we recoemzc a distin-
guished representative of freedom and constitutional liber
ty; and that His Excellency the Governor be lequested to
extend to him a cordial invitation to vi&n the capital of this
State.
Resolved, That we tender to Louis Kosenth the a^uranee
that we entertain a sincere sympathy for the wiongs ot
Hungaiy, and a doop detestation of the despotic tyranny of
Austsw, and the unwairantable intervention of Rii>-«ia.
Resolved, That we earnestly dc-ue that the General Gov-
ernment of the United States mayexeit an influence, m
some wise and proper manner, against all such mtei vention
in future.
Resolved, That the Secretary of State he requested to
communicate a copy of ttiese resolutions to each of our
Senators and Representatives in CongiefS.
Mr. ANDREWS. I desire their refeience to
the same committee to which the resolutions of the
State of Alabama upon the same subject were re-
ferred.
The SPEAKER. That was the Committee on
Foreign Affairs.
Mr. ANDREWS. I then move that the res-
* olutions be referred to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, and that they be printed; which motion
was agreed to.
On motion by Mr. PEASLEE, leave was grant-
ed to withdraw from the files of the House, for
the purpose of reference in the Senate, the petition
and papers of Jacob Gideon.
Mr. LANE, by unanimous consent, presented
a certain memorial of the Legislative Assembly oi
Oregon; which was referred to the Committee on
Territories and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CLARK. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce a resolution which I
deem of considerable importance.
The resolution was read for information, as fol-
lows:
Resolved, that the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of establishing an
additional number of military posts on the overland route
from the Missoun liver to California, for the piolection of
emigrant* and travelers, and lhat they repoit by bill oi
otherwise.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, objected to its intro-
duction.
N'D "WAR-
ASSIGN ABILITY OF BOUNTY I,A
RANTS. |
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved that the rules j
be suspended, and that the House resolve it&clf !
into Committee of the Whole on the state of the !
Union, for the purpose of taking up the special j
orders which motion was agreed to. ^ i
The House accordingly resolved itselt into the |
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union, !
(Mr. Oi.ds in the chair.) - j
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee, moved to take up (
the bills made the special order. !
The CHAIRMAN. A motion for that pur- !
pose is unnecessary. They come up as the first j
business in order before the committee. |
The CHAIRMAN. The special order is the i
consideration^ the joint resolution of the House, {
Nb. 1, and the Senate bill No. 146, explanatory j
of the act of September 28, 1850, entitled "An act '
granting bounty land to certain officers and sol- |
diers who have been engaged m the military ser- j
vice of the United States." The Senate bill having j
been made a part of the special order, will, in the j
opinion of the Chair, take precedence.
Mr. FULLER. I ask that the bill be read.
The Clerk then read the Senate bill through.
Mr. CABELL, of Florida. Mr. Chairman, I
desire to claim the attention of the House a short
time.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask the gentleman
to allow nie to inquire of the Chair, which bill is
before the committee ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Senate bill. They
are both named m the same order.
Mr. JONES. I believe the rule is to read the
first section now, and then it will be open for
amendment, and the gentleman from Florida [Mr.
Cabell] will be in order to address the committee.
The CHAIRMAN. The first section of th,
bill will be again read.
The first section was then read, as follows:
Be it enacted, That all warrants for inihtaiy bounty
land, which have been or may hereafter be issued under j
any law of the United Staler, and all valid locations of the j
same, which have been, or may hereafter be made, are j
hereby declaied to be assignable, by deed or instrument of j
wiitmc, made and executed alter the taking cflhct of tins j
act, accoiding to such form and pursuant to such regulations I
as iiuiv be prescribed by the Commissionoi of the General I
Land office, so a* to vest the assignee with all the rights of j
the original owners of the wairant oi location: Pivvidcd, [
That an> peison entitled to pitemplion light to any land, J
thai! be entitled to u-se any such laud wariant in pajuient 1
of the same, at the rate ut' ^'1 pei iicio, lor the quantity j
of land therein specified. |
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. If the gentleman ;
from Florida will allow me, I desire to inquire
whether it would be m order to move an amend- '
mend to the Senate bill, to strike out all after the j
enacting clause and to insert the bill reported by j
the select committee of the House. My object is j
to get both propositions befoie the committee at '
the same time. j
The CHAIRMAN. • I suppose it will not be ;
m order under the rules. '
Mr. HARRIS. Does the Chair decide that j
such an amendment is not in order? '
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that it i
is not m order to substitute one bill for another
when both bills are pending before the committee.
It is riot m order to move to strike out all after the
enacting clause, and insert the Hou^e bill. Dues
the gentleman from Tennessee appeal?
Mr. HARRIS. I desire to get both proposi-
tions before the House at the same time. And as
the Chair lias ruled my motion out of order, I
think I will take an appeal.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is tins: The
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Harris] moves
to strike out all after the enacting clause of the
Senate bill, and to insert the bill reported to the
House from the select committee. The Chair de-
cides, that as both bills are pending before the
committee it is not in order to strike out one and
insert the other. From that decision the gentle- j
man from Tennessee takes an appeal. The ques- .
tion is, then, Shall the decision of the Chair stand |
as the judgment of the committee?
Mr. JENKINS. Is it not better to proceed and
perfect the bill before the committee? and then, if
it be desired, the gentleman can offer a substitute
for it. Will not the gentleman derive all the ben-
efit which he desires by offering his substitute
nfter the bill before the House lias been discussed
and perfected >
| The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk wili read the
j 55th rule.
! The 55th rule was then read, as follows:
. " No motion or proposition on a subject different from
; that under consideration, shall be udnntted undei color of
amendment. No bill or lesohuiou :>h<ill at aiij time be
' amended by annexmy thereto, or mcoipoiatmc therewith,
any other bill or resolution pending betore the House."
: Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I suppose the
' ground upon which the gentleman from Tennes-
see rests his motion, is that the House bill and the
Senate bill, as now before this committee, are the
same in subject matter. They were both taken
up by joint motion in the House to refer to this
committee. Hence it does not come under the
operation of the rule which has been read.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair supposes, how-
sideration at the same time, although referred in
the same order.
Mr. STEPHENS. The point of*order will be,
whether this committee can take charge of both
of these propositions ? It was only by the unani-
mous consent of the House the other day, that an
order of the House was made by which both of
these bills were entertained under one motion, and
referred to the committee.
The CHAIRMAN. It is usual in such refer-
ence to say, that they shall be jointly considered.
This order does not so specify.
Mr. FICKLIN. It seems to me, that there ia
another reason why the decision of the Chair is
right, and it is this 
The CHAIRMAN. The question is not de-
batable.
Mr. FOWLER moved to lay the appeal upon
the table.
The CHAIRMAN. It cannot be done in Com-
aiittee of the Whole.
/ The question was then taken upon the appeal,
and it was decided in the affirmative.
So the decision of She Chair was sustained.
Mr. CABELL, of Florida. When the House
was last m Committee of the Whole, we were en-
tertained by a discussion between gentlemen from
the Northern or Eastern sections of the Union,
with some account of the action of parties in their
region of the country. I ask the attention of the
House now for a very few moments, while 1 speak
of what lias been done in another section of the
country, which I deem to be of as much public
interest as anything, perhaps, to which I can ad-
dress myself.
Mr. JEINKINS. Is it m order to discuss this
bill without any amendment pending?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chaii thinks it is.
Mr. CABELL. It will be recollected by the
House, that during the progress of our organiza-
tion, I amongst others expressed my surprise in
regard to the. action of the two parties, m prepar-
ing themselves for that organization, in their re-
spective caucuses. I stated then, and I state now,
tl'iat when I came to Washington, this winter, it
was my expectation, from the opinions which had
been so frequently expressed, the declarations so
frequently made, and the pledges so frequently
given, that the Democratic party of the North'
and the Union, when brought together here would
adopt and recommend to the country an acqui-
escence in the compromise measures; and that the
Whig party could not do so. 1 have always be-
lieved, that upon all general questions, dividing the
two parties of the country, the Wins; party has
been the true conservative party, saving and ex-
cepting upon this question of slavery; and upon
that they have.run as wild as wild can be. I had
observed, as 1 stated upon that occasion, that the
Democratic party Imd been represented by more
men upon the floor of the House of Represent-
atives entertaining what I conceive to be sound
and proper views of slavery and Southern rights
than the Whig party. The mass of these two
pai ties at the North I had never believed to be
materially different. I believe the truth is, that
they are about the same, liut from some cause
or other, the Democratic party has heictofore re-
turned more men to the Congress of the United
States who enteitam views coincident with my
own, upon this Southern question, than the Whig
party. With these opinions, facts, and expecta-
tions, I avowed my purpose in the organization
of the House, to act with that party which would
stand by the Constitution of the United States and
the rights of my section .of country, and indorse
the compromise resolutions. I thought the Dem-
ocratic party would do this, but they did not.
My friend from Virginia, [Mr. Meade,] during
that "discussion, suggested to me that I should
avail myself of that occasion, or of some early
occasion, to separate myself from the Whig party,
and come over to the ranksof theDemocraix party.
Sir, the only alternativeupon which I would ever be
willing to pursue such a course—the only thing that
would ever induce me to think of acting with the
Democratic party—the only consideration for it,
failed. I had been deceived by the repiesentations
of that party. I believed they had put themselves
upon constitutional grounds.and 1 said that I would
act with them, as I would act with any party that
would pursue that course. But the very first ac-
tion of that party in the opening of this Congress,
| ever, that two distinct bills cannot be under con-1| was such as to violate tl'iat very principle upon
