imA
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 14,
for that vote. I
prising, because I
these rumors verv sur- •• unwilling to embarrass this bill by adding it to it.
n oLllerted that at the time i: Now, since the friends of the Administration; since
well recollected that, at^tM tmie . ^ ^ ^ pr0p0Siti0n have been
when it'was supposed to be poss^ '! ^i^uTday after day,"to the great delayof the
of those me^ures mig p ^ body, I had j; bill, and probably its "defeat, 1 am unwilling, for
vote of the Pres ^ g ^ ^   ^ Qa !i one, to grant another day, or another hour, out of
an interview with Mr. Fillmore; and believing, as
I did, that the peace of the country depended upon
something being done;- believing that it would be
entirely proper, connected with the Government
as he w&sj elected upon the same ticket with Gen-
eral Taylor, I advised him to go to General Taylor
and make a personal appeal to him to withdraw
his opposition to those measures, and suffer them
to pass. He then stated to me that his relations
with General Taylor were not of that character
which would permit him to do so; but that he waa
•; the ordinary course of business.
!. Mr. GWIN. I hope the motion of the Senator
■ from Virginia will prevail. We have spent, I be-
lieve, one Friday in debating a bill for the remis-
; sion of duties on articles imported for a Catholic
' nunnery, and the duties, I believe, only amounted
1 to forty-iive or fifty dollars. I perceive now that
the first business on the Private Calendar is a mo-
' tion to reconsider the vote rejecting that bill. I
uppose, if we take up the Private Calendar, that
. ? Ill 1 1 1 T .1. la l.M /I ^ * ft W
himself in favor of those measures, Therefore |j subject will occupy alfday. I think we had better
did not, for a moment, believe in the truth of these j i employ the day in getting cleai of the defici -y
r^^nt Wm^^Id^i^tei^and i! " The question was then taken on the motion to
asked him whether.there was any foundation for j; «nelha^
them. He authorized me to say here,_ m my
place, whenever an opportunity occurred, or to j
say anywhere, that the rumor was utterly un- ;
founded in fact; that he was in favor of those ;
measures during the whole period that they were j
being discussed here, and that there was no period j
of time, if they had been left to his vote, that he
would not have voted for them. ,
Mr. HUNTER. I now move to postpone the j
prior order of business for the purpose of taking
up the deficiency bill.
The PRESIDENT. The resolution of the Sen-
ator from Tennessee is under consideration.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 move to postpone the fur-
ther consideration of that resolution until Monday.
The motion was agreed to.
THE DEFICIENCY" HILL.
Mr. HUNTER. I now move to postpone the
prior orders of business, for the purpose of taking
up the deficiency bill.
Mi*. PRATT. I move to lay that motion on the
table; and on that, 1 ask the yeas and nays.
Mr. CLEMENS. Is not the order of the day
private bills ?
The PRESIDENT. The regular order for to-
day is the consideration of private bills.
Mr. BRUDHEAD. I desire to know whether
this is the Friday on which we consider private
bills without debate ?
The PRESIDENT. Next Friday will be that
ivir. ATCHISON. I wish to say a word, if
the motion to lay on the table shall be withdrawn.
Mr. PRATT. I do not care on which motion
the question is taken. I am willing to withdraw
my motion, and ask for the yeas and nays on the
motion to postpone. It is time to get up private
bills.
' The PRESIDENT. It would not be in order
to make a motion to lay on the table a proposition
to postpone.
Mr. ATCHISON. 1 trust that the motion made
by the Senator from Virginia will not prevail; and
I hope so for the reason that this is the second or
third time that this motion has been made at the
expense of the Private Calendar. We have grat-
ified the Senator from Virginia on two or three
Fridays already. I know that it is his duty to
press this bill; and I think lie deserves credit for
endeavoring to press it to a final vote. But we
have considered it time after time, at the expense
of almost all other business. We have given the
Senator three weeks for the purpose of consider-
ing this bill. It is no fault of his, that it is not
disposed of. I charge no fault upon him; but it is
the fault of those who advocate this steam prop-
osition; it is the fault of the friends of the Admin-
istration. They have called upon us to pass the
bill; they have urged it, as they urged the House
of Representatives to pass this bill, and to do it
promptly, in order that funds might be appropri- :
ated to carry on the Government. I have been
ready, and I believe we on this side of the House i!
have generally been ready, to take the vote on the ||
deficiency bili. 1 have opposed the offering of any ;
amendments, even from the Committee on Indian
Affairs: as I have deemed it inexpedient to embar- i
rass this bill by any proposition outside of it. Al- j
though I believe the amendment now pending, of-
fered by the direction of the Committee on Indian
Aifairs, is just; although I believe the appropri- ;
stion for that purpose ought to be made, yet I am i
carried—thirty having voted in the affirmative.
Mr. PRATT. I ask for the yeas and nays on
the proposition.
The PRESIDENT. It is too late.
Mr. PRATT. . I moved to lay the proposition
on the table, and asked for the yeas and nays on
that.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair stated that that
proposition was not in%rder.
| Mr. PRATT. There were thirty votes m favor
i of the proposition. The affirmative side only was
counted. Those in the negative were not asked
to rise.
[ The PRESIDENT. The Chair announced that
there were thn ty votes in favor of the proposition;
' and he announced that the motion was agreed to.
, Mr. PRATT. Thirty does not constitute a
1 majority of the body.
; The PRESIDENT. It is evident, frojp the
condition of the Chamber, that thirty is a majority
of those present.
Mr. PRATT. That may be; but those in the
negative were not asked to rise, and, until they
| were asked to rise, I think the question could not
be decided.
I The PRESIDENT. The Chair stated that
j there were thirty who voted in favor of the motion
i to postpone, which constituted, in his opinion, a
i majority, and he decided the question. There
, was no division asked for before he decided the
question.
1 Mr. SEWARD. I hope we shall give the Sen-
i ator from Maryland the yeas and nays.
Mr. MANOUM. The Chair is undoubtedly
! correct, that, after the announcement of the result
! of the vote, it is too late to call for the yeas and
j! nays. But, for one, I am perfectly willing to take
j1 the question over again.
I Mr. HALE. Let us take the question again
• by yeas and nays.
The PRESIDENT. If such is the pleasure of
: the Senate the Chair will conform to it, and will
! take the question again.
; Mr. PRATT. 1 shall not insist on that course
; being pursued; but I shall get at the subject as
ji soon as we proceed to the consideration ot the de-
'! ficiency bill.
:j The PRESIDENT. That bill is now up for
j' consideration as m Committee of the Whole, the
motion of the Senator from Virginia having been
agreed to.
Mr. PRATT. I move to lay the bill on the
table, for the purpose of now proceeding to the
j( consideration of the Private Calendar; and on that j
' motion I ask for the yeas and nays. j
, The yeas and nays were ordered; and, being ,
taken, resulted—yeas 15, nays 33; as follows;
| YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Atollison, Badger, Borland, ;
i Clarke, Clemens, Felch, Fish, Hamlin, James, M.illory,
.! Prntl, i-lebastinn, Sumner, and W'alkei—15.
|; NAYS—Messrs. Jiell, Berrien, Bradbury, Bright, Brod-
ilioad, Brooke, Butler, Chase, Cooper, Dawson, Dodse of
: Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Douglas, Geyer, Gwm, Hale,
Houston, Hunter, Jones of Iowa, Jones of Tennessee, Mari-
, gum, Mason, Norms, Rusk, Seward, Smith, Stockton, Tnu-
!i ccy, Undei wood, Ujiham, Wade, and Wellcr—23.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on the
amendment of tha Senator from Tennessee, [Mr.
Bell,] to insert the following:
" For payment to the citizens of Alabama, Georgia, and
Florida, for depiedations committed byOrppk Indians upon
their property, and for other property taken by the troops
of the United States and friendly Creeks, in the^ear 1836,
$355,797."
Mr. CLEMENS. I wish to amend the amend-
ment; in one particular. I believe a portion of
these depredations were committed in the month
of January, 1837. I therefore move to strike out
" the year 1836," and insert " the years 1836 and
1837."
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
Mr. MALLORY. I move further to- amend
the amendment, by striking out the word « Flor-
Mr. BELL. I have no objection to that. Flor-
ida was inserted, in conformity with the object for
which the commissioners were appointed, 111 1837,
to inquire into these depredations. The terms of
the commission included Florida; though I believe
none of the claimants are designated as being from
Florida, in the schedule returned by the commis-
sioners. . .
Mr. BRADBURY. I would like to inquire of
the honorable Senator from Florida the object of
this amendment. I wish to know if itis designed,
by the adoption of this amendment, to open the
door to claims on the part of Florida that shall not
be covered by the appropriations in this bill.'
Mr. MALLORY. I do not recognize the right
of the honorable Senator from Maine to question
what object the Senator from Florida may have in
view hereafter: But the object now is evident.
Florida is included in the amendment, when she
makes no claim for spoliations of this character. 1
do not know of any injury that the citizens of
Florida suffered from the Creek Indians at the
time mentioned in theamendment. She is accused
sufficiently of getting money from the Treasury
when she gets none. When an opportunity does
arise, perhaps she may present a claim for herself
for spoliations.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
t°. , ,
The question then recurred upon the amendment
of Mr. Bell, as amended".
Mr. CASS. Mr. President, if nothing had been
brought into this debate but the question immedi-
ately connected with the proposition, I should not
have said a word about it, but should have satis-
fied myself with a silent vote upon theamendment.
But the honorable gentleman from Tennessee, in
proposing it, has thought proper to go back into
the history of the Creek war, and if he has not
assailed, he has at any rate reproached the then
existing Administration, with respect to the con-
duct and the cause of that war. I have come here
to-day very much unprepared to recur to, or re-
view a subject which lias passed away for nearly
twenty yeais. I have but a very indistinct recol-
lection of the circumstances as they occurred. I
have enough knowledge of them, and a sufficiently
distinct recollection of them, however, to know
that the honorable Senator from Tennessee has
made a very great mistake on this whole subject,
and I trust that before I sit down I shall convince
even him of that.
Mr. President, you, yourself, know—no one
better knows—and there are gentlemen here who
also know what was the condition of the Southern
country in relation to the Creek Indians. You
know that after the extinction of the Indian title
in Georgia, in consequence of the compact with
that State, by which we acquired possession of
Alabama and Mississippi, there were about five
millions of acres of lands remaining in the State
of Alabama. You well recollect that in 1832 the
State of Alabama passed a law extending her ju-
risdiction over the Indian country. That law was
communicated to the War Department by Gover-
nor Gayle, of Alabama, on the 26th of February,
1834. It destroyed the Indians as a community.
It extended the laws of Alabama over them, and
it prohibited, under a penalty, the exercise, by
themselves, of any jurisdiction whatever. In fact
j it took from the Indians the protection afforded
| to them by the intercourse law of the United
! States. Sir, as you are well aware, the pressure
upon the President of the United States was very
great, in order to have the Indian title extinguished
! in Alabama. A delegation from the tribe of In-
dians came on here, and a treaty was made by
! them, of which you, yourself, were a witness. A
' correspondence took place between yourself and
I the other members of the Alabama delegation,
I among whom, I recollect, were Governor Clay
i and Mr. Mardis, calling upon the Government to
! exert ita authority to get the Indians out of the
