m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
IV) 3,
which alone J was prepared to set with them.
Finding* myself *hsn m the unfortunate position of
not being able to act with- anything like cordiality
•with thegreairoassoftfre Whig party of the North,
and not at fill with a targe portion of fchem, and
fading, as the House will perceive, to fmd in the
Democratic party the adoption of measures that
wouid enable me to act with them, i thought there
was yet one party m the cotiretry which we might
trust. There has of late* been established in the
southern conntvy what is called the Constitutional
Union party—a party formed upon the very prin-
ciples which I stated would have induced me to
act with the Democratic party in the organization
of the House, if the Whig's had refused, to put
•themselves on the same platform.
I desire now to call the attention of the House
to an artiele which appeared some time since in
one of the leading1 Union newspapers in Georgia,
the Macon Journal and Messenger, and also, to
the succeeding action of the Union party m the
Legislature of ^Georgia. Here is a long article
which sets out with the proposition, that the time
has arrived when the Union party of the South is
to determine upon its action in reference to the
presidential election. It goes on, then, to state
£hat. in the estimation of the editor of that paper,
the Union party cannot act svilh the Whig party,
because they are swallowed up by the Abolition-
ists, but that they may act, with the Democratic
party. After taking this position, the article goes
on to say:
" VVc aay, then, that the Union men of fli*- t^wrth ought
to send delegates to the Baltimore Convention. Ttis the
most effectual wav to accomplish their design ot stivingaad
perpetuating the Union. Unless thoy do so, that Conven-
tion may lose its conservative character, and may bungfoi-
ward a candidate who will he obnoxious to the South.
"There is at this moment a mo^t singular coalition tonned
between the. Abolitionist# and D suni<>ni«t* to oontiol that
Convention. No sensible man can elo^e ins eyes to that
fan. Van Buien, Hlair, Benton,and their Free-Soil coad-
jutors, are maivhalltiis their forces at the North. flhctt,
Commander, jUeDonald, ami Quitman, aie {fathering to-
gether the ^eatteu'd meiubi-rti of the cothn ivsnments at* the
oomh. m< is, (i.-i'cattMl in ihnr laic tK'a.-ouaiilo ;
schemes, ore now ainuit fo combine for thepnrpi^o of sub- ji
Hduing ami eonrroihng the nmional Democracy. They ||
vtili acrowplUh their purpose, too—-unless defeated by a l|
prompt movement on th« pait of the C/nion men of the j
South. Here, m our veivmid^t, thev aie changing their
names, repudiating their puneiplot, and prepming to as<o- i.
cmto Willi what, .1 f'eiv m ntli  since, tiiey teimed 't/icrarth ''
wL rotten Democracy nj the Not th,!' Open DMimoiiists\
who denounced Yankees, who refused to hade with them',
or to admit them into their lamily circles, are now r*ady to
emhrare the '^weet Units fellow' of Kmderhook and" the
whole horde of Iih Abolition followers. Even the honor-
able Representative from the first district is found elosetted
with nueli men its Disney, of Ohio 1 Verily, eoniini' events
cast their shadows before.
"Note, we hope that the Union men of the South will
seiiddclc.^ata to Baltimore for the purpose oj breaking up
thi* iu/uiftOus cotilttAiifi bet ween the •Abolitionists and firc-
entcrs—t"? hope thaj will send <ldc°utc/i there who' will
foofirrntc with the true Jackson jDeiiiotrticy—realtirm the
doctrine* of tho (.'<><  ;  ('on volition—insgaft the principles
of the eompioiime upon the fltilhmoic platform, and brin-r
ont Miiwe Mich man a* Mr. Bu'-lmnan lor {he J,iVMd<'nev. *
u 1'oj oi!iM>|v<-., \w Iionof-ily believe that thu i> the onh
wav in which th<> nmuuy can bu sn\ed. If the- Honthein
iMpon men remain out of that Convention, the compromise
wju^oJ tin* Demoeiiirie paity—the true Jackson Demoe-
rnt-y—wiH be o\ei whelmed by the combined powei 01 the
van Hurenites and Khetnte>—a Vice Soil Anti eomprom^e
ticket will be nominated—the slavery agitation wilt be re-
opened, and the Cmon will be lost.
'v \\ «* thimv out tlie^e hints lor the reflection of our
l-uion Iri'-ofH in Urn Legislature, and hope tliev will take
some action in the pictures befoie thev <1ispeise>
^ " Our Union friends in the"Legislature" took
tiie '• hint," and passed resolutions recommend-
ing she Union paity to send delegates to the "Bal-
timore Convention."
I Will not. detain the committee by reading the
article any further.
Now, Mir, if this paper speaks the sentiments of
the Constitutional Union party of Georgia, I am to
unuerjland that that organization was peifected,
not, as has been alleged, for the sake of the Union
two we Constitution, hut for the sake of the Demo-
crat!-. party. ) „-:ts elected to this House as a
VV 111-, not as a Constitutional Union man; but I
V.ar, one ot J hose who were disposed to favor that
o.^aui/.aUon.- But m doing so, let me tell my
honoi.-ible friends, themembers of the Union partv
that it was no purpose of mine that they should
rT* rae ? ^mod-at-Li C
.lis to he 1 leu purpose, if this paper speaks the
seiiji.ients of tiio party, and the action of the
Ul),.)
opinion that it does. Sir, 1 feel proud of'the po-
sit.on that file party wuh which 1 have acted hire-
jii''.'] of tae Legislature seems to justify the
 <)0S. Sit', 1 teel nr-rmil ^-T
,tofore has occupied before the country. I am a
•member of the Southern Whig party. I believe
sfc to be the constitutional party—the true conserv-
ative party of the countryy opposed to all mere
abstractions of the South, and to Seward ism,
Greelyismr Va  Bweiusm* and all the other isms
of the. North.,. 1 feel proivd of belonging to that
party, because, with few exceptions, the members
of it areUmon men7 and as Union mens we might,
without surrendering any of our principles, act in
harmony with the Union Constitutional party. It
would be in accordance with the conservative
principles of our party to abandon party names
and party organizations to act with any man or
] set of 'men who, imder a new organization 7 would
i contribute to the preservation of the Constitution
j and the Union. I was willing to go into such an
i organization, or to act with any party that would
i faithfully carry out its principles,
j But I ask the attention of the House to the
j reasons which induced this editor to recommend
1 that the Union party should send delegates to the
^Baltimore Convention, He says:
Ny^The linion men ot'the South, m oui opinion, can ac-
c^fephsh then pinposes anil e^taWtsh their principles as
eft't'Ctually without a national T'nion organization n-s with
it. They now control the States of (ieoi^ia, Alabama,
Florida, Mnsipsippi, Louisiana, Kentuekj, Tennessee,
Virguiia. Noith (.'arolma, and JVLmland. Ft i-; po^h5e
they might rally a iftajonty o\en to South Carolina. The
! votes ol tho^e Btatcs aienot sutiiciont to elect a President;
j hut if tnrown in one body into a national convention, they
i mightpecure tne selection of a proper candidate who&eelcc-
. ttori they would place heyond a doubt."
; Now, I ask my Union friends why, with that
; declaration, they should determine to send dele- !
\ gates to the Democratic Convention, rather than i
; to the Whig; Convention? I believe they could ;
j control either, but I do not. think they should be
j represented in either. I think I may pledge my-
; self for the Whig- party, that if the Union party ;
j should a''t cordially with litem and £-o into the
j Whig- Convention, the Whig representatives would
, do precisely the same as this editor ways the Dem- ,
' ocratic party would do, and which they will not '
| do, unless you ^o there to help to prevent them '
| from disregarding the Constitution. I believe, :
| from the indications which have lately been made, !
that the Whig party of the country may—and I
hope it will be po, even without the aid of the '
Union party—put itself upon this constitutional ,
ground and adoju the recommendation of the Pres-
ident of the United States, that the sla\ery ugita- !
tion shall cease, and that the compromise of the j
lavSt Congress shall be considered as final. I hope
1 may not be mistaken.
Until recently, as 1 have said, we had more
sound men in the councils of our country from
among the Democrats than from among the Whigs;
i and it may be true, as has been alleged, that there
S was more soundness upon this question in the
I Democratic party of the North than in the Whig
i party. But I believe that that state of things does
not now exist. The gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Hamtoul] gave the House the reason
the other day. They found it was a losing game.
■ The Demon utic party of Massachusetts, the gen- '
tleman told the House, has been laboring against :
heavy odds; all the wealth and the power and :
patronage of the State was against them; the Free-
Soil influence was against them; and they were
kept down. Well, they had no idea of submit-
ting to that state of things any longer, so they
turned round and bargained for, and bought up -
the Free-Soilers. 1
Mr. RANTOUL, (interrupting.) With the per- '
mission of the gentleman, I desire to say a word
or two. Ot course, if the gentleman quotes me at
all, he intends to quote me correctly. 1 have not'
suid that the Democratic party had turned round, 1
or had bargained with anybody, or had done any-
thing new to get themselves out of the position 1
which they had been in for the last twenty years, j
1 have described their position, and the Democratic I
party has still struggled under the same disadvan- I
tages. The course it has taken upon the point
which the gentleman has been touching on, I in-
tend to explain to the House at a convenient oi">- :i
portunity 
Mr. CABELL. I ask the gentleman whether I
he considers himself a Democrat ? !!
Mr. .RANTOUL, I am very happy the gen- 'j
tleman has put that question. 1 will answer it if 'j
he will allow me to do so. I answer it m this way  •
and perhaps there is no member upon this floor jj
who.oan give the answer in a more decided man- i
l ner than I canr I have been nominated by th#
1 Democratic party over and -over again for some
| years past, unanimous! jrj the last nomination 1 re-
[ ceived from that party was a wwnimous nomma-
i toon; it wa  given to m? byihe- Der&oeratic party.,
knowing my views upon the question to which the
gentleman alludes, and after I had explained those
views fully^ in a speech since pobfishedrat the
largest Democratic coftvention—cabled without ref-
erence to this question—ever heM in the district.
After that nomination ,the trial came o«; there was
no choice at the first trial* At the second trial after
that convention, I received the largest Democratic
vote ever thrown in the district; after rejecting the
votes of all^ftiose Free-Soilers who did x e the
| honor to vote for me, it was still the largest ever
j{ thrown at that season of the year. That,. I sup-
j pose, entitles me to consider nay&elf in full com-
; munion with the Democratic party of the State of
1 Massachusetts. If I am not a Democrat, there aie
|j no Democrats in New J£ngfcnd. That is the ne~
:,j cessary and the only inference.
jj Mr. CABELL, i ds> not desire a better iilus*
tration of the truth of what I have just sa.d, that
i there is now going on a change in the public mind 
as was once said by a distinguished gentleman in
'' the Senate in regard to this question of slavery,
i We all know what are the opinions of the gentJe-
mart who ?>as just spoken, and he tells the House
j that he received the largest Democratic vote ever
J; ^iven in his district. That is evidence ofwhaS
jj is well known to be the fact, that in the State of
]• Massachusetts the Democratic party, tired of
!j being without office, as the gentleman told us the
li other day, were determined to hold out induce-
; j ments to these Abolitionists to sustain them,
"> They met in joint convention, nominated some
1 Democrats and some Free-Soilers, elected their
j men, and ousted the Wings; and the gentleman,
: entertaining the opinions which we all know he
does, has been sent here by the largest Democratic
majority ever given in his district.
Mr. DISNEY, (interrupting.) I v/as busily
engaged in writing, and did not he«r the gen-
tleman, but 1 have been informed that near the
commencement of his "remarks, he took occasion
to introduce my name as having been published in
conjunction with the names of certain Abolition-
ists.
Mr. CABELL. - I read it from a newspaper. 1
will send the paper to the gentleman, and he can
read it for himself.
^ Mr. DISNEY. 1 have since, with the permis-
sion of the gentleman, had an opportunity to look -
at the paper, and the remark there made legiti-
mately carries with it tlie- inference that I am part
anil parcel of the Abolition party, or in some de-
gree affiliated with tliem. Now I avail myself of
this occasion to say that 1 never did in my life,
either at home or elsewhere, sympathize m the
slightest degree with the Abolition party. I never
uttered a sentiment in relation to that party, either
on the stump or in the Legislature of my State,
but to denounce them. If the statement in that
paper is a fair specimen of the intelligence of the
people of that country, I do not wonder at any
doctrine^which the Whig party may adopt there.
Mr. CABELL. I presume the reason why the
inference was drawn of which the gentleman from
Ohio complains, is, that he expressed or intimated
a willingness to vote for the Wilmot proviso for
leasoiis stated at a former Congress, and that he
voted against the fugitive slave bill in the last Con-
gress.
Mr. DISNEY. And why did! vote against it ?
Mr. CABELL. I do not know why.
Mr. DISNEY. If the gentleman will allow me,
I will tell him why.
Mr. CABELL. 1 cannot be interrupted in this
manner. I was proceeding to say 
Mr. DISNEY. I beg just to say that 1 voted
against the fugitive slave law because it was not
stringent enough, and because I believed, if passed,
it would become a weapon in the hands of the
Free-Soilexs [laughter] for agitation.
Mr. CABELL. Then it seems the gentleman
is more Southern than the South itself; and it
seems very singular to me, that if he really enter-
tains these sentiments heshould havevoted for the
Wilmot proviso, and against a bill with which the
Southern representatives were satisfied.
Mr. Chairman, there are a good many refer-
ences which I desire to make to the action of
parries m other States, but I earmot far want of
