2228
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
August 16,
Mr. DURKEE. Mr. Speaker, I have not
troubled the House much* with speeches, and trjist
that no gentleman will object to my occupying
twenty or thirty minutes in repelling the unpro-
volre.d assault on my character.
Mr. MASON. Under the pretext of a personal
explanation,it very often happens that a gentleman
makes an hour speech.
Mr. DURKEE. I hope the, House, out of re-
spect to itself, will permit me to prove my inno-
cence of the wrong imputed to me. If 1 am as
base as represented, it is a duty the House owes
to itself to expel me. The maintenance of its honor
and dignityaemands it.
Sir, I wish to allude to the circumstances which
led to my knowledge of this incident.
Not long since 1 was conversing with a south-
ern gentleman—an educated, talented, and respect-
able man, who has resided many years in the
South, and is well known to many of the citizens*
of South Carolina.
Mr. AIKEN. Is he here?
Mr. DURKEE. He was in the city a few days
ago. I called to see him this morning, and found
that he had left. In conversing with this gentle-
man upon various topics, the slavery question
came up. I said to him that tff* North was greatly
in the majority, and still allo\^etl the minority to
wield the General Government for the mainte-
nance of the coastwise slave trade and slavery in
the District of Columbia. I remarked, too, that'I
knew southern gentlemen in the Thirty-first Con-
gress willing to support the Wilmot proviso, who
declared themselves in favor of circumscribing'the
institution of slavery—of shutting it out from the
vast territory recently acquired, and of letting it
die out.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. The gentleman
says that he knew southern men in the Thirty-
first Congress who were in favor of the Wilmot
proviso. I ask him to name one.
Mr. DURKEE. I will do so as soon as I close
my remarks. Their names can be found on the
record.
Mr. HARRIS. I should be obliged to the gerH
tleman if he will name them. I want to know
who they are.
Mr. DURKEE. I recollect one gentleman who
voted for it and afterwards changed his vote, for
the reason, as he said, that northern men would
not stand up in Congress in support of principles
which they professed on this subject at home. I
said to this gentleman, that I believed southern
members were more independent in the mainte-
nance oftheirpeculiar institution, than many north-
ern members were to carry out the principles of
their constituents. He assented, and added, th^t
the southern people were naturally kind-hearted,
and when really convinced they were right in a
good cause, would allow nothing to defeat them.
He then related this case in Charleston, just as I
have stated it; that ttte law was rigid, that' the
man was tried and condemned, but public senti-
ment was against enforcing the law in this instance.
The fact was, public sentiment had outgrown the
law passed a long time previous. We have a law
in this District, that where a man is found guilty
of the crime of arson, he shall be hanged and
drawn in quarters; but we have risen above this
relic of barbarism in our judicial proceedings.- It
has become inoperative, and so with the case in
South Carolina. Was there anything inflamma-
tory or disrespectful in'my alluding to the process
and reform of popular sentiment in South C'riro-
lina, in regard to laws of that character? I think
not.
Mr. LETCHER. 1 rise again to a point of
order, and I insist that the Chair shall decide it.
It seems to me that enough has been said to indi-
cate that the gentleman from Wisconsin is not in
order in the course ofargument which he is pursuing
here. The gentleman's remarks have been as far
from being in the nature of personal explanation
as anythingl recollect to have heard. The object
of the gentleman seems to me to be to make an
argument here for the peculiar benefit of his free-
soil constituents at home, and of an offensive char-
acter towards those northern men here who do
not concur with him in opinion.
Mr. DURKEE. The northern men do not
complain.
Mr. HART. Yes, they do.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
it must have been the intention of the House,
although not expressed in so many words, to en-
able thegentleman to make a personal explanation,
and the gentleman is requested to confine himself
strictly to a personal explanation.
Mr; DURKEE. I will say, Mr. Speaker, that
the reVnarks with which the gentleman is dis-
pleased, were not intended to injure his feelings or
the feelings of'his constituents. If, in combating
the great evil in which the perpetuity and welfare
of the Republic is involved, I find it necessary to
advert to the records and public history of our
country, I hope never to- shrink from my duty'; I
certainly shall not be deterred by any denuncia-
tions uttered on this floor,-or by Congressional or
Baltimore resolutions. Sir, the freedom of debate,
the maintenance of individual opinion and indi-
vidual independence, gave birth to our constitu-
tional freedom. If we mean to maintain it, we
should ever seek to preserve these invaluable bless-
ings which are so dear to every patriot, and to
every American citizen. I say, in the words of
another,-'' give me liberty of thought and speech,
or give me death." If thegentleman is satisfied
there was no wrong intended, I trust he will with-
draw his accusation.
Mr. AIKEN. When I came into this Hall at
the commencement of this Congress, it was not
my disposition or intention to be offensive to any
gentleman. Far be it from m$ to, be so. All that
fell from me the other day, in relation to the gen-
tleman's speech, was, exceedingly repugnant to
my feelings, but it was a' duty which I owed to
my constituents, and which I performed willingly
and cheerfully. And not only did I do it on that
occasion, but I say that I will do it again when-
ever the same thing presents itself.
The gentleman from Wisconsin has made a di-
rect appeal to me; and if he is perfectly willing to
withdraw the offensive language which he made
use of in his speech, I have not the slightest ob-
jection to meet him upon that ground. My inter-
course with that gentleman has been familiar and
social, as I desire it to be with all the members of
this Houss. I do not wish to say anything offen-
sive to that gentleman, or to any other gentleman.
If the gentleman will publicly, upon this floor,
withdraw the offensive language he"!ms given ut-
terance to, I am willing to meet him in that
spirit.
Mr. DURKEE. What is the language that is
offensive?
Mr. AIKEN. The gentleman is in error in his
statement of the case. He says in his printed
speech, that this negro was condemned because he
struck a white man for having interfered with his
wife. That is offensive language. Such a thing
did not occur. The gentleman who gave you the
information was either mistaken, or else he wished
to deceive you.
Mr. DURKEE. I accept, of course, the cor-
rection of any error that may have occurred in de-
scribing this case, but will here announce, in vin-
dication of the person who related the circum-
stance to me, and in my owir justification, that
on Saturday evening! received a letter from a per-
son now in the city of Philadelphia, in which he
states that he was a resident of Charleston at the
time, and that there did such a case occur as re-
lated in my speech, in addition to the one already
admitted by the gentleman from South Carolina,
and that the only mistake in the statement is, that
the man was finally executed instead of being re-
leased. I have the letter before me, and will have
it read, if the gentleman desires.
Mr. 'AIKEN. I understand that case perfectly,
and will explain it, if the House will givemeleave.
Mr. DURKEE. Would you like to have the
letter read'1
Mr. AIKEN". No, sir; I do not desire it. I
know a]{ the circumstances connected with the
case, and can give them if the House desires.
J can explain this case in a few words. It is a
matter which I dislike very much to bring before
the House; but I will state the facts connected
with it for the satisfaction of thegentleman. There
was a case of this nature which occurred in
Charleston in 1830, but it had nothing to do with
slaves. There was a free negro man married
a free negro woman, whose character was not of
the best description before her marriage. Shehad
been in the habit of cohabiting with otherpersons;
and in a short time after her marriage, I presume
she returned to her first love, and did the same
thing again. It so happened that'this fr&e negro
man met a white who was with her at the time.
He was a gambler, and a most disreputable per-
son—a man who did not belong to Charleston,
but was there for a short time. This free negro
did strike him, and was tried, condemned, and'
hung. The laws were positive upon the subject.
An appeal was made to the lamented General
Hayne, who was Governor of the State at the
time, by a number of citizens, to pardon him.
I am sorry to make this allusion, for'I do not
desire to allude to the subject in this House; but
it is true that' one of the strongest reasons for
allowing that man to be hung, was that this Abo-
lition party had become so powerful in the free
States that it became necessary to make an exam-
ple of this man, to let these free negroes know
their duty. Now, sir, I repeat that I do not like
to allude to a matter of this kind. If the gentle-
man had only consulted me before he made his
speech, I would have explained it; and these per-
sonal explanations before the House would never
have occurred.
Mr. DURKEE. I have concluded what I
intended to say.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois, obtained the
floor.
Mr. FICKLIN. Is it in order now to move to
suspend the rules to introduce my small note bill ?
The SPEAKER. Not during the morning
hour. The business first in order is the bill de-
claring the Wheeling Bridge a lawful structure;
upon which the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Millson] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Was I not recognized by
the Chair ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair asks pardon of
t,he gentleman. He was recognized by the Chair,
and is entitled to the floor.
R£r- CAMPBELL. I rose in the first place to
ask a'little favor of the House, but* I have no idea
they will grant it, and I will not, therefore,
press it upon them at this time. [Laughter.J
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Millson.] is entitled to the floor.
• Mr. MILLSON resumed arid concluded his ar-
gument in favor of the bill.
[A message was here received from the Senate
through AsbUry Dickins, Esq., its Secretary,
notifying the House of the passage by that bocfy
of certain bills.]
Mr. WILDRICK, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as correctly enrolled the fol-
lowing acts; which received the signature of the
Speaker:
H. R. No. 166. An act for the relief of Mon-
mouth B. Hart, Joel Kelly, and William Close,
sureties of the late Benjamin F. Hart, a purserin
the United States Navy;
H. R. No. 158. An act for the relief of Ser-
geant Leonard Skinner; and
H. R. No. 353. An act for the relief of the
heirs of Semoice, a friendly Creek Indian,
Mr. DISNEY then obtained the floor, and pro-
ceeded to argue in favor of the power of Congress
to erect a bridge over the Ohio, and maintaining
that although such a bridge when erected by Vir-
ginia alone, might be properly declared by the
Supreme Court a nuisance, yet the bridge having
been erected, the Congress of the United States,
in which lies the jurisdiction, "could adopt this
bridge as a post route. [This speech will be found
in the Appendix.]
THE INDIGENT INSANE.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour having
expired, the Chair thinks it his duty to call up the
privileged motion made by the gentleman from
North Carolina [Mr. Stanly] on Monday last.
It is a motion to suspend the rules for the purpose
of taking up and acting upon the following bill,
viz : A bill "making a grantof public lands to the
several States of the Union for the benefit of indi-
gent insane persons."
Mr. STANLY. I hope the bill will be taken up
without the necessity of calling for the yeas and
nays.
The question was put, and upon a division there
were 47 in the affirmative.
Mr. STANLY demanded tellers; which were
ordered; and Messrs. Harris, of Tennessee, and
Fowler were appointed.
. The question was then taken, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 77, noes 40; not being two thirds in
the affirmative—
