454
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 3,
for sending them to the Whig- as to the Democratic
Convention. I have already expressed ray surprise
attheactionof theUmopparty in the State ofGeor-
gia; and 1 am still more surprised at theaction of
certain gentlemen who were elected to this House
upon the principle of an entire separation from
both the great parties of the country. When they
arrive at the Congress of the United States we find
some of these gentlemen going into the Democratic
caucus; affiliating with Disunionists of the South
and Abolitionists of the North; and when that
caucus rejected their compromise resolution, voting
for its nominees.
I am told by some of the gentlemen who occupy
this position, that the Whig party, after passing
these resolutions, nominated no candidates for the
various offices of the House. But, sir, I would be
glad to know how it is that gentlemen thus stand-
ing and representing the Union party, could bring
themselves to act with or on the Democratic Com-
mittee of the great National Democratic party in
the late meeting held by them in the city of Wash-
ington, in connection with the gentlemen who
composed that committee? Will it not sound
strange to the Union party South to find the names
of Mr. Thomas Bartlett. of Vermont, (Free-Soiler,)
associated with that of Jos. W. Jackson, (South-
ern Rights,) John G. Freeman, (Union,) and Rob-
ert W. Johnson, of Arkansas, (Southern Rights.')
Mr JACKSON (interrupting) was understood
by the Reporter to say that he had been nominated
by the regular State-Right Democratic party of his
State, and not by the Union party.
Mr. CABELL. As to the gentleman from
Georgia, his position is not even doubtful. He
is not one of those obscure individuals, whose
position is not known to this House as well as to
the country. My remarks were addressed to the
Union men. I find members elected by the Union
organization 
Mr. FREEMAN, (interrupting.) As the gen-
tleman has directed his remarks to the Union Dem-
ocrats, I have to say to him, I was always a Union
Democrat-, was nominated by my district because
I was a Union Democrat; and I came here to rep-
resent that principle and no other, so far as that is
concerned.
Mr. CABELL. I understand the position of
the gentleman. He was elected as a Union Demo-
crat. He was elected in direct opposition to the
position occupied by my friend from Arkansas,
his associate on this committee.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, (interrupting,)
made a remark inaudible to the Reporter.
Mr. CABELL. Mr. Chairman, I will make
no allusions to any individual again. [Laughter.]
The position of the gentleman from Arkansas is
that which is the position of the whole Democratic
parly.
IVIr. JOHNSON. I would not say a word here,
were it not a fact, that 1 was nominated by a Dem-
ocratic Convention, and as a Demoeraticcandidate,
with a full knowledge of all the positions I have
taken here.
Mr. CABELL. We all know the position of
the gentleman from Arkansas, and he will excuse
me 
Mr. JOHNSON, (interrupting.) The gentleman
from Florida 
Mr. CABELL. My remarks were not ad-
dressed to your section of the Democratic party.
Mr. JOHNSON. You spoke my name.
Mr. CABELL. I retract the nafne. [Laugh-
ter.] I have only to say, that if this is to be the
end of tins Union organization, then I, as one
who, though elected as a Whig, have given all the
aid I could to strengthen the organization and to j
induce the Whigs of my State to abandon their i
old party organization and unite themselves with i
this, which purported to be the party of the Con- j
stitution. But if a Democratic gentleman, elected |
by this Union organization, weie to come to the!
Congress of the United States and act with the j
Democratic party in their primary meeting for j
calling their convention, and to go into that con- '>
vention, we in Florida would be very apt to hand
hun oyer to the tender mercies of the " fire-
e^ters." I shall not pretend to say what llieir
Whiff associates in Georgia and Mississippi should
do. I do not know what others may do, but 1 I
say, as a member of that party, I would do more I
to defeat the election of men who occupy that po- !
sition than I would of the gentleman" from Arken- !
sas, [Mr. Johnson,] or my friend from Virginia, I
[Mr. Meade,] or North Carolina, [Mr. Vena-
ble,] or any of those gentlemen who have been
ultra in what they deem a defence of Southern
rights. They have deceived no one.
X have thus hastily stated my views in regard
to what I believe to be an abandonment of the
principle on which the Union party was formed.
X trust that the course recommended by the Union
men of the Legislature of Georgia will not be
adopted by the Union party of that State.
Mr. Chairman, I venture to predict, that when
these Union men go to that Baltimore Convention,
they will find themselves in the position they were
in the organization of this House. Those resolu-
tions will be offered, and they will be voted down,
and some man whose opinions are not clearly de-
fined before the country will be nominated, and
they will acquiesce. This is my opinion as to
what will be the result of this whole thing.
By going into this convention they violate the
principles upon which they originally based their
organization. They will go further, and do what I
have just now stated. They will nominate some
such man as William 0. Butler, of Kentucky, a
man whose opinions are not known, except that
he has happened to own some slaves, and wlio
will be sustained by Van Buren & Co., as a South-
ern man with Northern sentiments, and by the
Southern Rights men as one of themselves. I
will never give my support to a man whose posi-
tion is not definitely and clearly known.
A Voice. You supported such a man in 1848.
Mr. CABELL. Yes. But if I can be forgiven
for that, I will never do the like again. I beg my
Union friends, and all Southern men, not to com-
mit the same error the Whigs committed during
the last presidential election.
I repeat, sir, and X think this should be the po-
sition of all men who love this Union, that before
any man should be nominated for the Presidency,
or sustained by the South, his opinions should be
clearly .spread upon record. Nothing, X think,
could be so unfortunate for the country as a recur-
rence of the incidents of the last presidential
election.
On this point I believe the Southern Whig
party is nearly undivided, and the whole country 1
should understand their position. The South
should not, and will not, countenance any efforts
of this sort to attempt to conciliate the Abolition-
ists of the North, by concealing the opinions of
the candidate they are called upon to support. I
wish that position clearly laid down by the mem-
bers of both parties. But I believe that a scheme
is now on foot by the members of the different di-
visions of the Democratic party, to nominate a
man whose position is undefined, and who will
enable the pariy lo keep up the slavery agitation.
X wish to call the attention of the country to it, in
order that the people themselves may speak upon
this point. X find the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Rantoui.,] who has recently addressed
the House, and other gentlemen from the North,
and gentlemen from the extreme South, express-
ing their determination to stand by the platform
of 1844 and X848. That, they say, will satisfy
them. -All these—Abolitionists, Disunionists, and
Free-Soilers—are willing to stand upon that old
rotten platform of 1848, by which they will be en-
abled to nominate a man whose opinions have not
been expressed, and are not known. They will, at
the North, represent him as an Abolitionist and a
Free-Soiier, and coming down to the South, repre-
sent him as a true bona jide Southern man. We
find the-e gentlemen now acting in concert with
the Van Buren and the Benton class. Mr. Ben-
Ion has recently published a letter in which he ex-
pressed the opinion that the Democratic party
should go into convention upon the resolutions of
1848, and nothing more, as has been recommend-
ed by Southern as well as other Northern gen-
tlemen.
Mr. Benton says, in defining "the Democratic
ground in relation to slavery;"
<- Adhesion to tlio Baltimore platform of 1848 is another
point on which I hold >011 to be right, and tlie Nullifiers
wiong. That platform contains tile Deinoeiatic ground in
relation to siaveiy. The Nullities wish to nigtait upon it
a new dogma, which was expie sly, and almost unani-
mously, rejected bj tiie convention which framed it, name-
ly, that Congress has no light to legislate upon slavery in
the Territories. Tins doema, like all the doctrines of' the
school to u-lueli it belongs, i-,of modem invention, and only
invented foi the piupose of inullipljing chances to find pre-
texts to resist the laws of Congress, and for flying off into
th#t new confederacy winch is to consul wholly of slave
States, and to be christened " The United States South."
The Democracy take the Baltimore platlorni as it was agreed
to—not as it was not agreed to -still le=s as rejected—and
above all as attempted to be interpolated by the dregs of the
party winch made the effort, and so miserably failed in it at
Baltimore."
Mr. Benton objects to any addition to that plat-
form of '48, which my Union friends are willing
and ajtxious to adopt,/or the reason, he says, that
sueh additions tend to express the opinion " that
Congress has no right to legislate upon the sub-
ject of slavery in the Territories." He is for the
resolutions as they are, though they justify the
doctrine of the Wilmot proviso. Here I find men,
extreme in their Southern opinions, willing to go
into that convention and adopt the resolutions of
'48, and willing to stand by them. 1 ask how can
Southern Rights Union men act with such an as-
sociation as this? And how can constitutional
Union men join such an association?
But we are told that we must nominate some-
body and vote for somebody. Well, sir, my
choice, as an individual member of this House,
and as a citizen of the United States, is for the
present President of the United States. I have
never hesitated to express my opinion, that I am
in favor of the election of Millard Fillmore for the
President of the United States. I think the coun-
try is more indebted to him than to any other
man living, for the peace and quiet we enjoy. And
I believe there is a moral obligation resting upon
the South, especially Southern Whigs, and indeed
on all com promise men, to stand by Mr. Fillmore for
a reelection to the presidency. We all know the
agency he had ill quieting the slavery agitation,
and we know, too, that without his aid, those
measures would not have been passed. I can un-
derstand howSoitf/iern-jRig/Ksmenand Disunionists
can vote against him. But it seems to me that
men who desire the peace and quiet of the country,
and are in favor of the compromise measures, as
a final settlement of the exciting topics embraced
in them, are bound to rally around and support
Mr. Fillmore, for no man has done so much to
preserve the peace and harmony of the country,
and to presft-ve the union of these States. In sus-
taining him they sustain a great principle.
Now, I understand that Mr. Fillmore is not to
be a candidate for the Presidency. I do not know
how that is. I need not say that I shall deeply
regret his withdrawal, and 1 am sure I speak the
sentiments of nineteen twentieths of the Whigs of
the Southern States when I say he, of all men, is
the man they desire to see elected to the next Presi-
dency. If Mr. Fillmore is compelled to with-
draw because he cannot receive the votes of North-
ern Whigs, X cannot but regard it as an evidence
that that portion of my party has resolved not to
respect , the constitutional rights of my section of
the Union. In such a case I shall feel myself all
at sea; a regular outsider.
I have shown that, in the present position of
affairs, cooperation with the Democratic party is
out of the question. The Union party has aban-
doned the principles on which it was formed, and
unless the Northern Whigs change the position
they have hitherto occupied, X, as a Southern
Whig, never can and never will act with them.
It would be with great difficulty that I could ever
| bring myself to support a candidate for the Presi-
j dency who is cordially supported by the distin-
| guished Senator from New York, [Mr. Seward.]
I X hear gentlemen say that the Whig party will
| probably do what I have said I would condemn
j in the Democratic party, and that their convention
I will nominate a man occupying the position of
General Butler, and X have been asked what would
be my course in such a case? General Scott oc-
cupies just the relation to the Wliig party that
General Butler does to the Democratic party.
Would J support him ? X answer unhesitatingly,
No. I will not support him, but will do all in my
power to defeat the election of any man who, in
such times as these, withholds his opinions from
the public.
Of this distinguished man I will say, that X re-
gard him as the greatest captain of the age, and
that I believe no man has ever lived who has
achieved so much and been so little rewarded or
appreciated. My personal relations with him are
such that, individually, his election would be more
acceptable to me than that of any other man in
this country; but, sir, in his present position, X
cannot and will not give him my vote for the Presi-
dency; and in speaking thus, 1 think I express
