1852.
.THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2231
"Mr. HOWARD. I move to suspend therules.
Mr. HAMILTON. I c&ii for the reading of
the bilL
The bill was read through. It provides for an
invalid pension of $20 per month,
Mr. HOWARD.1 I now ask that the 'report
may be read. There are not more than twenty
lines of it?
Mr. CARTTER. There is objection made to
its consideration. I do not see any good in having
the report read,
Mr. HOWARD. But I move to suspend the
rules.
The report was then read. '
Th'e question now being upon suspending the
rules,' it was put, and, upon a division, rose ih
the affirmative.
Mr. HOWARD demanded tellers; which were
ordered; and Messrs. Stratton and Clingman
were appointed.
Mr. OUTLAW. I move that the House ad-
journ.
Mr. POLK demanded tellers; which were or-
dered; and Messrs. Stratton and Clingman were
appointed.
The question was then taken; and the tellers
reported—ayes 52, noes GO; no quorum voting,
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia, demanded the yeas
and nays; but they were not ordered.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. AVERETT. I appeal to the gentleman
from North Carolina [Mr. Outlaw] to withdraw
his motion to adjourn, and allow us to settle this
question now before the House.
Mr. STUART. I move that there be a call of
the House, and upon that motion I demand tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
Mr. HOWARD. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the. House ad-
journed till to-morrow at eleven o'clock, a, m.
NOTICE OP A BILL.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio, gave notice that on to-morrow,
t>r some subsequent day, he would a^k leave to introduce
a bill, entitled "A biil to authorize the Commissioner of
the General Land Offico to make records of patents for Vir-
ginia military lands, in certain cases,"
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions and memorials were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. SWEGTSER: The memorial of "Levi John-
sen, of Cleveland, Ohio.
By Mr. B ROWN, of Mississippi: The petition of George
Phillips and 25 other citizens of Mississippi, praying the re-
moval of the land office from Augusta, to Paulding, Missis-
sippi-
Also, the petition of W. B. Terrell and 54 other citizens
of Jasper county, lor the same.
Also, the petition, of-Henry M. Round and 18 others, for
the same.
Also, the petition of J. E. Watts and 78 others, for the
same.
Also, the petition of T. E. Lightseyand 31 others, for the
same. „
Also, the petition of James Holden and 41 others, for the
same.
Also, the petition of William Kellen and 84 others, for
the same. - ....
Also, the petition of J. W. Smith and 14 others, for the
""Also, the petition of J.J. Husbands and 61 others,for the
^Also, the petition of F. M. Beard and 4 others, for the
""aIso, the petition of W. B. Dozier and 52 others, for the
""aUo, the petition of J. C. Hirdleberg and 9 others, for
the same.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, August 17, 1852.
Prayer by the Rev. Littleton F. Morgan.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a communication from the Treasury De-
partment, in answer to a resolution of the Senate
respecting the practicability and expense of a sur-
vey of certain islands in the vicinity of Santa Bar-
bara channel, on the coast of California; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. PEARCE presented the petition of Philip
C. Friese, praying an appropriation to test his
invention of a - safety-jacket for steam-boilers;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce. , , A
Mr. PRATT. I have been requested to pre-
sent to the Senate a memorial signed by a com-
mittee of working men employed by the Govern-
ment in the District of Columbia, in which they
represent that they have labored under great dis-
advantages from the very low rate of wages they
are (low receiving from the United States. They
suggest that the arguments which have been ad-
duced in favor of an increase in the compensation
of certain grades of clerks employed in the vari-
ous Departments of the Government, will apply
with greater force to their situation. They rep-
resent the high price of marketing in the District
of Columbia as rendering an increase of wages
essential to their comfort. They represent that
owing to the loss of time on accountof rain, &c.,
a great many of them are unable to average over
$1 25 per day, whilst the majority seldom, if ever,
average seventy-five cents per day. They ask
that this application may be referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance, so that a suitable increase of
wages may be put in the civil and diplomatic ap-
propriation bill. I ask that reference for the me-
morial.
It was so referred.
Mr. W ALKER presented the petition of James
Blackhurst and others, praying that the "home-
stead bill" may become a law; which was ordered
to be laid on the table.
Also, a petition of mechanics and laborers em-
ployed in the United States Arsenal, in the city of
Washington, praying an increase of their pay;
which was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. CASS presented the petition of William
Thwaits and others, praying that the "homestead
bill" may become a law; which was ordered to be
laid on the table.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. SEBASTIAN, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, to which was referred a report of
the Secretary of War in answer to a resolution of
the Senate calling for a list of the Creek Indian
warriors who were killed, wounded, or died in the
service of the United States during the late war in
Florida, with a statement of the arrears of pay
due them, asked to be discharged from the further
consideration thereof, and that it be referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs; which was agreed
to.
Mr. BORLAND, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to which were referred the following bills
from the House of Representatives, reported the
same back without amendment:
An act for the relief of Jacob Shade, jr.;
An act for the relief of Cornelius Hughes, of
Tennessee; and
Ah act for the relief of John Kerbaugh.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the bill from the House of Repre-
sentatives to increase the pension of Henry Click,
of Cocke county, Tennessee, reported the same
back with a verbal amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the bill from the House of Rep-
resentatives, for the relief of James Wright,
jr., asked to be discharged from the further con-
sideration thereof; which was agreed to.
' He also, from the same committee, to which
were referred the following petitions, asked to be
discharged from the further consideration thereof;
which was agreed to:
The petition of Anna Norton and Lois Faslut,
heirs of Zephaniah Ross, praying to be allowed
a pension for the services of their father during
the war of the Revolution;
The petition of Anna Murphy, praying to be
allowed a pension for the services of her late hus-
band during the revolutionary war;
The petition of Richard Eaton, praying a pen-
sion in consideration of injuries received in the
military service during the Florida war; and
The petition of Roda W. Inge, praying the con-
tinuation of the pension allowed her for the ser-
vices of her late husband, Lieutenant Z. M. P. i
Inge.
Mr. BORLAND said, that with regard to the ;
petition of R.oda W. Inge, he wished to say that |
it was provided for in a general bill which the :
committee had reported. !
Mr. GWIN, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to which was referred the memorial of ■
Thomas B. Parsons, for arrears of pension, sub- j
mitted a report, accompanied by a bill for his ;
relief; which was read and passed to the second j
reading. The repoit was ordered to be printed. |
He also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the memorial of McKean Buchanan, a
purser in the Navy, praying reparation for loss
sustained by him in consequence - of an order of
his -commanding officer, submitted a report, ac-
companied by a bill for his relief; which was read
and passed to the second reading. The report
was ordered to be printed. \ '
He also,- from the same committee, to whicli
was referred the memorial of Harlow Spaulding,
asking compensation for services as acting naval
storekeeper at Spezzia, from 1847 to 1851, sub-
mitted a report, accompanied by a bill for his relief;
which was read and passed to the second reading.
The report was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to which
were referred the following memorials, asked to
be discharged from the farther consideration there-
of; which was agreed to:
The memorial of L. L. Chapman, praying an
appropriation to aid him in the investigation of
his discovery of physical laws;
The memorial of John West and otheis, pray-
ing compensation for the time lost, and sufferings
endured in their imprisonment during the war of
1812;
Th© memorial ofEvelina Porter, widow of Com-
modore David Porter, praying'"Congress to grant
such reasonable sum as may prove their prpp^r
appreciation of the services, sufferings, and sacri-
fices of her late husband;
The memorial of Gottleib A. Krieger, praying
to be allowed the difference between the pay of a
marine and that of surgeon's steward, during the
time he acted in the latter capacity;
The memorial of the working men at the Wash-
ington Navy-Yard, praying that a pension may
be allowed for long and faithful services; and also
for disability incurred in the performance of their
duty; and
The memorial of the present and late watchmen
of the Navy Department, praying extra compen-
sation.
Mr. SHIELDS, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to which was referred the memorial
of David Butler, praying to be allowed compen-
sation for duties performed and expenses incurred
while in charge of Mount Vernon Arsenal, Ala-
bama, from June, 1840, to December, 1841, asked
to be discharged from the further consideration
thereof; which was agreed to.
Mr. SHIELDS also submitted a report on the
subject; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. MALLORY, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, to which was referred the petition of
George P. Welsh and Clark H. Wells, passed
midshipmen in the Navy, praying to be allowed
additional compensation during the time they per-
formed the duties of a higher grade, submitted a
report, accompanied by a bill for their relief; which
was read anil passed to the second reading. The
report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. PEARCE, from the Committee on Finance,
to which was referred sundry memorials of the
creditors of the late Republic of Texas, submit-
ted a report, accompanied by a bill to provide for
the payment of such of the creditors of Texas as
are comprehended in the act of Congress of Sep-
tember 9, 1850; which was read and passed to the
second reading. The report was ordered tu be
printed.
Mr. HUNTER said that, he dissented from the
views of the majority of the committee, but had
no time to write a minority report.
Mr. RUSK, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to which was referred the
bill from the House of Representatives for the
relief of Cornelius Covert, of Michigan, reported
it back without amendment.
I Mr. BADGER, from the Committee on Naval
j Affairs, to which was referred the memorial of
' Foxhall A. Parker, praying to be allowed com-
pensation for the expenses incurred while in com-
mand of the East India squadron, reported a bill
for his relief; which was read and passed to the
second reading.
Mr. HUNTER, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to which was referred the bill from the
House of Representatives making appropriations
for the civil and diplomatic expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the fiscal year ending the 30th June,
1853, and for other purposes, reported it back
with sundry amendments; whick were ordered to
be printed. '
