2232
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 17,
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred a communication from the heads of
Departments in relation to a classification of the
clerks, submitted the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of ttie Treasury, of War,
of the Navy, of the Interior, and the Postmaster General be
directed to report to the Senate, at the commencement of
its hext session, the number and classes of clerks which
jvill be required in each bureau or division of his Depart-
ment, upon the supposition that they are to be organized as
follows: that is to say, into four classes, viz : No. 1, into
which no new appointment fe to be made of any person over
eighteen years of age, and with a salary of $800 per annum.
No. 2, with a salary each of $1,200. No. 3, with a salary each
of $1,600, and No.' 4, with a salary each of $2,000. The
.new appointments in each Department m classes 2, 3, and
4, to be made from ,the class immediately below it in that
Department, and the members of class No. 1 to receive five
per cent, additional salaries, to commence at the end of
each year of additional service; and the otherclassesto re-
ceive three per cent, of like additional salaries for a similar
additional service ; but none to receive, by virtue of these
allowances, a salary higher than the grade above him ; and
no additional salary to begivdn to any member of classNo.
4 after his salary reaches $2,400. But the clerks in each
Department to be subject to removal by its head.
Mr. DOWNS, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, to which was referred the bill for
the settlement of a certain class of private land
claims within the limits of the D'Auterive claim,
and for allowing preemption to certain purchasers
and actual settlers in the event of a final adjudica-
tion of the title of the said D'Auterive in favor of
the United States, and for other purposes, re-
ported back the same without amendment.
On motion by Mr. DOWNS, the Senate pro-
ceeded, as in Committee of the Whole, to the
consideration of the above-named bill; and no
amendment being; made, it was reported to the
Senate, and ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading.
the sandwich islands.
A message was received from the President of
,the United States, by Mr. M. P. Fillmore, his
Secretary; which was read, as follows:
To the Senate of the United States:
I have received a resolution of your honorable body of
the 6th instant, appearing to have been adopted in open le-
gislative session, requesting me to inform the Senate, if not
incompatible with the public interests, whether any prop-
ositions have been made by the King of the Sandwich Isl-
ands to transfer the sovereignty of these Islands to the
United States; and to communicate to the Senate all the
official information on that subject in my possession. In
reply to which I have to state, that on or about the 12th
day of June last I received a similar resolution from the
Senate, adopted in Executive or secret session, to which I
returned an answer, stating that in my opinion a commu-
nication of the information requested at that juncture would
not comport with the public interest. Nothing has since
transpired to change my views on that subject, and I there-
fore feel constrained again to deelinegiving the information
asked
MILLARD FILLMORE.
Washington, Jlugust 14,1852.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr, President, that message
is in reply to a resolution which I introduced to
the Senate, and I am desirous that it should be
referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
At the same time I desire to offer the following
resolution, which I should like to have the same
reference:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
queued to jvend a Commissioner to the Sandwich Islands,
who «;hall be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
instituting negotiations for the acquisition of those Islands
by the United States.
I move that the message be referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator can offer his
resolution when resolutions are called for. The
question is now upon the reference of the mes-
sage.
Mr. WELLER. 1 do not know, Mr. Presi-
dent, but that 1 may desire to discuss the question
of the reference of this message to the Committee
on Foreign Relations. The original resolution
to which the Presidentof the United States makes
reference in his message, was offered in Executive
session, and was introduced by me. I had given
notice of my intention to offer that resolution in
open session, in consequence of some proceedings
which had taken place in Executive session, to
which I am not at liberty now to refer. I confess
I was a little surprised, after this notice thus
given by me, that the Senator from New York
[Mr. Sewarb] should, on the next day, have
- taken and offered it in his own name in the precise
words in which I introduced it; but of this I have
no complaint to make, although I want the fact
known. My only object is to bring this subject
to the attention of the Senate, and to the attention
of the country. I hope, therefore, that the motion
to refer this message will go over a few days, as
I desire to say something upon it.
_ Mr. SEWARD. I have no objection to the
postponement of the reference.
The PRESIDENT. The message will, in that
case, He on the table.
Mr. BADGER. I hope that course will be
adopted, for I have something to say upon that
subject myself.
The motion to refer the message to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations was not agreed to,
and it was accordingly laid on the table.
Mr. SEWARD subsequently submitted his
resolution.
Mr. FELCH. If will lie over.
The resolution was laid over accordingly.
BRIG GENERAL ARMSTRONG.
On .motion by Mr. JONES, of Josva, the Sen-
ate proceeded to the consideration of the resolu-
tion submitted by him on the 27th of July, and it
was adopted, as follows:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to communicate to the Senate (if not incompatible
with the public interest) copies of all the correspondence
which has taken place, and documents that may have been
collected, since the message of the President of the 15th of
December, 1845, (printed with the Senate documents, 1st
session Twenty-ninth Congress, in volume 3, No. 14.,) in
relation to the claim oftheowners of the brig Geneial Arm-
strong against the Government of Portugal, including all
letters' and papers in the possession of the Government ma-
terial to a full understanding of the subject, and not here-
tofore communicated to the Senate.
COAST SURVEY OF; CALIFORNIA.
Mr. GWIN submitted the following resolution
for consideration; which was considered by unan-
imous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be re-
quested to inform the Senate whether, without interfering
with the regular progress of the coast survey, the recon-
noissance of the coast of California may be extended south
to Cape St. Lucas.
SUPERINTENDENT OF THE CENSUS.
Mr. BORLAND. I offer the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be author-
ized to communicate a statement of the account of the ex-
penses of the visit to Europe ofthe Superintending Clerk of
the Census, to be made oiit from the vouchers in the case,
in lieu of the verbatim copies of Ihe vouchers which were
called for in a former resolution of the Senate.
I ask for the consideration of the resolution at
this time. I will state to the Senate that it is a
mere explanation of a former resolution. A res-
olution formerly adopted by the Senate required
verbatim copies of these vouchers. I am informed
by a letter from the Department that it is very
difficult, if not impracticable, just now to comply
with that request, as many of the vouchees are in
foreign languages, and there is no clerk in the De-
partment competent to make out a proper copy of
them. It is, therefore, necessary to authorize the
Department to substitute a statement of the ac-
counts.
The resolution was considered and agreed to.
COMPENSATION OP CLERICS.
Mr. BRIGHT, I offer the followingresolution,
which I ask may now be considered;
Resolved, That the Secretaries of State, Treasury, War,
Navy, and of the Interior, the Postmaster General, and the
Attorney General, be directed to communicate to the Sen-
ate the names and compensation per annum of each of the
clerks employed in each of the several offices and bureaus
under their direction, including any additional compensa-
tion allowed to either for any purpose ; and also, the names
and compensation of each person employed as an extra
clerk, or employed in copying or other business, for each
ofthe said offices and bureaus.
Mr. HAMLIN. I desire to suggest to the
Senator from Indiana to include in his resolution
a provision requiring a statement of the service
performed by each clerk. That is necessary for
the purpose of showing the services performed by
the different grades of clerks. By which, I ap-
prehend, it will be found that those who do the
most service receive the least pay.
Mr. BRIGHT. The resolution comes from
the Committee on Finance, who recommend its
adoption for the reason that we are receiving vari-
ous applications to raise the salaries of these offi-
cers; and in order to act understandingly upon that
subject, it is necessary to obtain this information.
I snail not object to an amendment such as that
suggested by the honorable Senator from Maine;
though I cannot accept it because the resolution is
offered at the instance of the committee.
Mr. HAMLIN. Then I move to amend the
resolution by inserting," together with a descrip-
tion of the services performed by such clerks re-
spectively."
The amendment was agreed to; and the resolu-
tion as amended was adopted.
MEXICAN BOUNDARY COMMISSION.
Mr. WELLER. I ask theSenate now to take
up the resolution which I submitted some time ago
to appoint a committee to investigate the charges
preferred by Colonel McClellan against theBound-
ary Commissioner. I will state that it is very
important that the resolution should be adopted
immediately, because some of the witnesses who
are now#n the city are about to leave for New
Mexico. I intended myself to make some reply
to the remarks of the Senator from Rhode Island,
[Mr. Clarke,] but 1 waive all right to do so, in
order that the committee may be organized at
once.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate ac-
cordingly proceeded to the consideration of the
resolution, which is as follows:
Resolved, That the chaiges preferred by Colonel J. Mc-
Clellan, of the Topographical Corps, and others, against
J. R. Bartlett, appointed Commissioner to run and mark
the boundary line between the United States and the Re-
public of Mexico, be referred to a select committee of five
for investigation, with power, if necessary, to send for per-
sons and papers.
The resolution was agreed to.
On motion by Mr. WELLER, and by unani-
mous consent, it was ordered that the committee
be appointed by the President pro tempore.
Subsequently, on motion by Mr." BADGER,
that the vote on agreeing to the resolution last men-
tioned be reconsidered, it was ordered to lieonthe
table.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
'A message from the House of Representatives
was received by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announ-
cing that it had .passed the following bills:
Aij act making a grant of public lands to the
several States and Territories of the Union, for
the benefit of insane persons; and
An act to regulate and fix the annual salary of
the American consul at the city of Amsterdam.
SAULT STE. MARIE CANAL.
On motion by Mr. FELCH,the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the bill granting to the State of
Michigan the right of way and a donation of pub-
lic land for the construction of a ship-canal around
the Falls of St. Mary's, in that State.
A long debate ensued, in which Messrs.Smith,
Borland, Felcji, Walker, Badger, Douglas,
Jones of Tennessee, and others participated.
{See Appendix for this debate.]
The question was taken on Mr. Atchison's
amendment to increase the grant to 700,000 acres;
which was agreed to.
Mr. HALE moved to amend by inserting' the
homestead bill; but, after debate, withdrew it. -
Mr. UNDERWOOD moved to amend by add-
ing Bennett's land distribution bill* which, after
debate, was rejected by the following vote:
YEAS—Messrs. Butler, Clarke, Davis, Dawson, De
Saussure, Downs, Pish, Foot, Morton, Pratt, Seward, Un-
derwood,aftd Upham—14.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Atchison, Badger, Bell, Bor-
land, Bradbury, Bright, Brooke, 'Cass, Charlton, Chase,
Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Douglas, Felch,
Geyer, Gfwin, Hamlin, Houston, Hunter, James, Jones of
Towa, Jones of Tennessee, King, Mallory, Mason, Meri-
wether, Norris, Sebastian, Shields, Smith, Soute, Sumner,
Toucey, Wade, and Walker^—36.
The bill was. then reported rto the Senate, and
on the question of concurring in the amendment
of Mr. Atchison, it was concurred in—yeas 28,
nays 21, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Atchison, Borland, Bright, Cass,
Chase, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, "Douglas,
Downs, Felch, Fish, Gwin, Houston, James, Jones of
Iowa, King, Mallory, Morton, Sebastian, Seward, Shields,
Smith, Soute, Sumner, Toucey, Wade, and Walker—28.
NAYS—Messrs. Badger, Bayard, Bell, Brooke, Butler,
Charlton, Clarke, Davis, Dawson, De Saussure, Foot,
Geyer, Hale, Hamlin, Hunter,-Jones of Tennessee, Mason,
Meriwether, Pratt, Spruance, and Upham—21.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed.
RIVER AND HARBOR BILL.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President 
The PRESIDENT. There are a few bills from
the House of Representatives on the table, which,
if such is the pleasure of the Senate, will be taken
up in order that they may be referred.
