1368
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 14,
make such a declaration with Indian tribes. But
what I mean is, that the tribe, or a majority of
the tribe, should hare concurred in it; that the
Council of the Nation should have acted upon it, j
and should have sanctioned these hostilities. I i
deny that a state of war can exist, when the ex- j
ecutive authorities of the nation deny that any such j
war did exist, and when much the larger portion I
of the tribe were engaged in suppressing the insur- ,
reetion. The depredators were a few bands of j
half-starved Inditas, some of them driven so far 1
to desperation, that the woods were actually filled i
with them, hung to grape vines, committing sui- '
eide to avoid the pangs of starvation. They were :
depredators in every sense of the term, and noth-
ing but depredators. "We ask now that you shall j
do to us what has been done to every State in the ]
Union that has made application to you—pay us !
for the property so destroyed. j
1 have no wish to prolong this discussion. I re- j
gretted yesterday that so much was said about it. ,
f think all of us have understood it; and unless j
it becomes necessary, I shall say nothing more j
about it. I
Mr. CASS. I have here a letter of Governor I
Clay on this subject, from which 1 will rend the .
following extract: j
u I must j.ay, in reply, I have no personal knowledge of >
facts on which to found an opinion on the subject to which
you allude. I mn not aware that I have had any commu-
nication, personally or by letter, with any individual who
may have been implicated in the excitement of hostilities.
So far as I am able to judge from the communications of
individuals, or from indications of public sentiment, as ex-
pressed at public meetings and otherwise, u seem* to me
the opinion prevails exten^voly, if not almost universally,
that the frauds and forgeries ptacticed upon the Indians to
deprive them of their lands, weie amongst the principal
causcN which excited them to ho-stilita;?."
Mr- BELL. Who is that letter from ?
Mr. CASS. That is from Governor Clay, then
Governor of Alabama, who says expressly that
the opinion of the whole country was that the
frauds practiced upon the Indians, were amongst
the principal causes which excited them to hos-
tilities. Mr. President, the period when these
things occurred has so long passed away, that it
is hardly known to what extent the excitement
prevailed. The great body of the State of Ala-
bama were as much excited, and as much opposed
to this, as any could be. There was a most health-
ful public sentiment there; and as Governor Gnyle
says, there was indignation felt throughout the
whole country against the state of things. The
War Department was overloaded with remon-
strances from Alabama against, that monstrous
state of things; and I assure the honorable Senator
that I had not the most remote idea of saying a
word about these claimants as being concerned in
the frauds. All that I spoke of, were those per-
sons who had gone into the Territory, not only
from Alabama and Georgia, but from other neigh-
boring States, to make a system of defrauding the
Indians. I alluded to those persons who made a
system of cheating the Indians. A spirit of in-
dignation was excited against them in the State of
Alabama, and I do not believe (hey could have
made their appearance there at all. ?^o sentiment
could have been more healthful than that of the
State of Alabama on the subject. I repeat, it
would be exceedingly difficult for any man now
to convey to this Senate an adequate idea of ihe
true state of things which existed then. I think
the honorable Senator from Georgia [Mr. Rmt-
riex] must be aware of the condition in which tiie
Government was placed. 3 think he must know
the tremendous frauds which were attempted to be
practiced on this country: that is my impression.
With respect, to this specific application, if it is
based on peculiar circumstances, 1 have never
looked into it. It is only when it is put on unten-
able grounds, to wit: that it must be considered
as arising from a state of thiugs which did not
constitute a war, or that it should conic within the
spirit of the intercourse law—that I have objec-
tions to it. If, in the course of General Jackson's
administration, after I left it, ihe sli^hte*! nape**
can be found showing that, in his opinion, the
Government should meet any portion of tho-'e ex-
pendituies, f will vote for it as cheerfully as nnv
Senator, I have that unlimited confidence in Gen-
era) Jackson's knowledge of the subject. My own
knowledge in respect to it would not entitle me to
vote for it. But 1 should like thos* who are inter-
ested in it to show precisely the bearing of this
specific portion of thenppropr'ation upon the fact*.
Mr. RUSK. Wc are losing sight of the real !
questions'at issue, and going olF to collateral ones. ;
It is true, as the Senator from Michigan says, that ,
great frauds were perpetrated. Under one of the
articles of the treaty, the Indians were authorized ,
to sell out their reservations, and speculators went ''
in and perpetrated frauds upon them; and the In- i
dians perpetrated frauds upon one another to a
great extent. I suppose there was about as much .
swindling carried on there as generally happens 1
in such a case. But that has nothing to do with
this claim. The parties here were no parties to
those transactions—they were no parties to the i
bargain. By the treaty the Indians were author-
ized to sell out their lands; and settlers were au- ,
thorized to go in and settle, and commence the ;
cultivation of the soil, which numbers did. What- \
ever may have been the difficulties, it is not neces- ;
sary to inquire into them—whether it was these !
frauds that were perpetrated—whether it was a
state of starvation, makes no kind of difference. :
When the settlers had gone there by the sanction
of the Government, as they had a right, to do— !
they were mostly poor persons, and the land was j
fine and yielded well to labor—the Indians com- ,
menced a system of stealing and depredation upon |
them, which went on from one step to another!,
until it finally broke out in hostilities with a small :
portion, and but a small portion, of the tribe. The ! |
Government afterwards, to ascertain the damages i
sustained by the settlers, sent down a commission, m
who reported the amount that is now asked to be
placed upon the deficiency bill for the purpose of
paying them for the losses sustained.
I said yesterday, that if the intercourse law had jj
extended to Alabama and Georgia, these claims [
would have been paid long ago, and the principle It
—I will not call it the " spirit," as the honorable jj
Senator from Michigan seems to object to that— jj
of that law should extend everywhere, and should .,
be applied, if you are going to administer justice, j!
us w6ll to a person in Georgia or Alabama, as to I1
one who lives in Missouri or Michigan. It is the j,
principle upon winch you pay for depredations j
committed by Indians. If it is good in one sec-
tion of the Union, it is as good over the whole ex-
tent of it. i
A Senator. What is the principleof that law? I
Mr. RUSK. The principle is this: that, if any j
portions of Indian tribes in amity with the United !
States shall,in their territory,commit depredations i
upon ariy of the peopleof the United States, or pass j
beyond their own lands, and commit depredations, j
upon application made for remuneration for dam- I
ages sustained, the Government shall guarantee !
their payment; and it is the principle, and such is 1
j the provision of the intercourse law, that, if the j
j Indians are entitled to receive annuities, the claims 1
[ ate to be taken and paid out of those annuities; i
1 but if they have not soillcient annuities to pay i
1 them, then they are guarantied out of the Tiea- !
i surv of the United States. j
Mr. HUNTER. If (he Senator will permit me, ■
i I desire to make an inquiry of him. Does not the j
I intercourse law extend only to Indian territories !
! outside the boundaries of the United States, and |
1 did it not extend only to that territory over which !
1 the United States had exclusive jurisdiction ' !
Mi. RUSK. I have just said that it did not (
i extend to Alabama and Georgia. ;
! Ah*. ATCHISON. I will answer the question j
of the Senator fiom Virginia. If an Indian, living !
■ within that territory, comes into a State of the ;
' Union, and commits depredations upon a citizen, '
the intercourse law indemnifies that citi/en for ;
• damages sustained, whether it he within the tern- j
tory or in the States.
Mr. RUSK. Yes, sir; and if the Senator will ■
: look to the fourth volume of the Laws of the !
United Suites, he will see the intercourse law, to
, the 17th article of which, particularly, I refer him. !
; Then, if an Indian within the Territory should I
I pass over his line, and go into the Stateof Missouri, i
or any other State of the Union, and commit de- |
' piedations, steal the property of a white man, and j
i the white man should make application, he would 1
be entitled to receive pay. That is the principle, :
and, I say, if it is good in Missouri or Michigan, i
' it should be good in Alabama or Georgia. j
1 A Senator. Whence is the money to be ob-
tained to pay for the damages?
: Mr. RUSK. In the first place, if the Indians
have annuities, it is the business of the Govern-
ment of the United Staffs to deduct them out of
those annuities; but if they have not sufficient an-
nuities, they must be paid out of the Treasury of
the United States.
Mr. BADGER. The Government is to see
that payment is made to the sufferers.
Mr. RUSK. The Go vernment ''guaranties"
—that is the expression of the law—the payment.
Now, let us apply this principle to this case. Here
are these individuals, not responsible for the policy
of the Government, whether it be good or bad, not
responsible for the speculators—peaceable, quiet
citizens, industriously pursuing their avocations
for a livelihood,that are for a longtime depredated
upon by these Indians stealing their cattle and corn
to live upon. It is unnecessary to go into a his-
tory of it. The Indians were about to leave their
property. It is regarded generally among the
tribes of Indians as a high qualification, and one
that recommends them, if they can steal well.
They commenced depredations. There were none
in Georgia; they passed over the line, and came
among the unprotected settlers on the Alabama
line, to steal their corn, and things of that descrip-
tion. Georgia turned out men to defend her citi-
zens, and so did Alabama. From these indi-
viduals they received supplies to live upon; and
part of the claim now before the Senate arises from
that. It may be answered that we should have
paid for these claims out of the annuities due to
the Creeks. A question would arise there, which
might, to some extent, involve the policy of the
Government. One thing is certain: the law had
not been extended, and the people in Georgia and
Alabama did not receive the same protection which
I they would have received if they had lived m some
other States of the Union. Was there equity or
I justice in that?
] There were various classes #f these claims,
i Some of them were for consequential damages.
! A great many persons were driven off their farms,
i and they claimed damages for that. Those now
1 reported are for actual property taken away from
, the citizens, the most of whom were poor; and
! they have been kept out of the remuneration for
; their losses for fourteen or fifteen years. The de-
| termination of this case does not involve the ques-
S tion whether the policy of the Government was a
1 wise or foolish one, whether it was just or unjust.
These people had nothing to do with it. They
had no control over Governor Gayle, or over this
Government. They suffered the loss of their prop-
erty; and now they ask that the same principle
may be extended over them as theintercourse law
extends over other States. They ask you to pay
them for what they have lost; and I think you are
honestly bound to do it.
Mr. BELL. I believe it seems to be thought
both by the honorable Senator from Michigan and
the honorable Senator from Alabama that the al-
lusion which I made yesterday to the subject of
the policy of the Government was rather unfortu-
nate for the purpose for which this amendment
was offered. The honorable Senator from Mich-
igan has stated once, and repeated again, in the
course of Jus argument, that the Senator from
Tennessee had made what he considered a gratu-
itous attack upon the policy of a late Administra-
tion. I regret it very much if I have said any-
thing calculated to prejudice this claim in the
opinion of any member of the Senate; or if it was
au unnecessary allusion I regret it equally. The
honorable Senator will bear me out, by his own
recollection, when I state now and repeat what I
statcdyesterdav, that I do not mean to charge
, anything upon the policy of that honorable Sena-
j tor when he was a member of the Executive De-
partment of the Government, as to his intention
( of carrying out any policy which might not, under
, the circumstances, have been justifiable as an ex-
periment. 1 furthermore alluded to what I con-
sidered might be the controlling influence in the
Executive Department of the Government at that
time—the necessity under which they considered
I themselves, or considered the country, of remov-
, ing the Indians at all hazards, by every course of
i policy which it was in their power to adopt. I
i did not then, nor do I now, wish to rake up those
| ancient charges against the policy of the Admiu-
i istration of 1834, '35, '36, and "37, when these
! transactions occuried: but I now maintain that
| rny a'lusion was strictly legitimate to a proper ex
! position to this Senate; of the grounds upon which
i this claim is brought forward; and I now repeat
• it, without desiring to go into any further charges
