2234
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 17,
possible; and if it be so>far improved as ta bring
it within the landmarks that guide me upon such
subjects, I shall vote for it. Otherwise I shall
not.
Mr. BADGER. There, is-no disposition to
force the river and harbor :bill upon the Senate
any more than to force any other bill. It prop-
erly has priority over the civil and diplomatic bill
from the time which it has been before us, and
from its position; and the question for consider-
ation is, whether we shall put that bill aside, and
take up the civil and diplomatic bill ?
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator will allow me
to correct him in. a matter of fact. I understand
the civil and diplomatic bill has priority over the
harbor and river bill.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will state that
some forty or fifty bills are on the Calendar which
have priority over the river and harbor bill. It
stands the very last bill but one on the Calendar;
but the civil and diplomatic bill having just been
reported, and having been sent to the printer, has
not yet been put on the Calendar.
Mr. BADGER. Then the river and harbor
bill has priority over the civil and diplomatic bill.
Now, it is proposed by those in favor of it to take
it up for consideration. Gentlemen say they can-
not vote for that bid without examination and dis-
cussion. There is ampletime, without consuming
a week, for any full and fair discussion on that
measure, ladmitthatifgentlemen whoare, orwho
suppose themselves to be, in a minority here on
that bill—for I do not. know how the majority may
be—resolve to occupy the time1 of the Senate by
reading old reports and old speeches, which no-
body listens to, and which have in fact a very
faint,if any,connection with the subject before the
Senate, and which are not read for the purpose of
enlightening Senators; if they are to continue dis-
cussion against time, and to compel the supposed
majority of the Senate to yield to this prolix dis-
cussion and give up the measure, why, then, a
tnonth, three months, six months may be con-
sumed just as well as two days. But as to any
discussion necessary to understand :the merits of
the measure, unless gentlemen are resolved that
Senators shall not vote upon it, I see no difficulty
in our having sufficient time.
Mr. -MASON. Mr. President,. I* take it for
granted that nothing that may be said here now
with regard to taking up the civil and diplomatic
bill is to affect the vote of any Senator upon the bill
for the improvement of rivers and harbors. But
whatever is said here nowgoes out to the country;
and what I am to say I want to goto the country,
or to that part of the country from which I come.
I think it will be of service there at some future
day, when the practical woykin# of this Govern-
ment is brought before them in this shape amongst
others.
Here is the civil and diplomatic bill, which is to
provide for the general expenditures of this Gov-
ernment for the current yeur. It is a bill upon
which necessarily new points of policy are insti-
tuted by the Government. It is a bill to carry on
the Government; upon which, according to the
usasfe of all popular Governments, the measures
and the policy of the Administration are necessa-
rily involved and discussed. It is a bill the de-
bates upon which enlighten and inform the public
mind. We have but eleven days of the session
remaining in which to act upon that bill, together
with the Army and the Navy appropriation bills.
Yet now Senators say that a bill which is purely
local in its character—a bill which is for the im-
provement of rivers and harbors in the different
States and Territories—is to take precedence of
this great bill—the great bill of the session. And
that is to be done, as I understand, because, if we
do not pass the river and harbor bill now, time
will be necessarily consumed upon the appropri-
ation bills, which will preclude the passage of it
at all. Then, as I understand the purpose, it is
this: We are to forego and give up every oppor-
tunity of debating before the country the points
involved in the expenditures of the public money
to carry on the administration of the Government,
in order that we may insure the expenditure of
money for these local improvements.
Gentlemen, I suppose, have made up their
minds in regard to this matter. There are those—
and I apprehend they are a majority,of the Sen-
ate-—who are prepared to vote for a bill for the
improvement of rivers and harbors. I do not
question their opinions, of their judgments, or
tneir right to form them; but I differ with them
teto cceloi both as to the constitutionality and the
policy of such a measure. But they have a right
to their own opinions. Yet I submit to them,
whether,, at this stage of the session, when, treat
the bill in relation to rivers and harbors as we
will, there must necessarily be a long debate upon
lit—as !well upon the particular measures of im-
provement projected, as upon the general policy—
they will place the business of the country in such
a conditiomas to drive us to the necessity of pass-
ing-the appropriation bills, as at the last session,
not only without.consideration, but even without
reading them. :•
I say to gentlemen, in all candorand fiankness,
that if the river and harbor bill does take the pre-
cedence which they propose to give it, it will
place us in that condition as to the civil and diplo-
matic bill, and the other bills, which are properly
called the appropriation bills. I mean to make no
factious opposition to the river and harbor bill. I
am against it, as will be shown at the proper time;
but I submit to the Senate whether they will place
us in the position of having the appropriations for
the general administration of the Government—for
the support of the Army and the Navy—passed
without debate, without deliberation, and without
reading; as I apprehend will be the condition in
which we shall be placed if we give precedence to
the river and harbor bill.
Mr. BORLAND. Mr. President, the Senator
from Virginia seems to think that the friends of
the river and harbor bill, by giving precedence to
that, desire to place those who wish to. give pre-
cedence to the appropriation bills, at a disadvan-
tage. He speaks of their being forced to consider
this bill at the close of the- session, when there is
no time for consideration. 1 apprehend that the
Senator does not wish-to be understood, and that
no Senator would wish to be understood, as say-
ing that the merits of this bill are considered and
decided by the discussions in the Senate. Does
not every Senator take the bill and read it for him-
self, and determine in his own mind whether he
will vote for or against' certain appropriations,
and what amendments and modifications he in-
tends to propose, or is willing to accept? Do Sen-
ators sit here to make up their minds by the dis-
cussion on bills before tne Senate? I apprehend
not. I- do not think I have ever seen a bill here
decided upon, in consequence of, or .as the result
of, discussions before this body.
Mr. BUTLER. Why, then, discuss measures?
Mr. BORLAND. I suppose Senators discuss
bills to place their views before their constituents.
But the Senator from Virginia [Mr. Mason] fails
to notice this difference between the two bills:
One, as he knows, will pass, and, must pass
of necessity; and he knows, at the same time,
that if we give precedence now to the civil and
diplomatic bill, it certainly insures the defeat
of the river and harbor bill. We have already
'received notifications from some of the Senators
who are opposed to the river and harbor bill that
they intend to resort to every parliamentary means
in their power to defeat it—alluding to the very
steps that were taken at the last session, when it
was defeated by parliamentary means, and not by
arguments or by votes; for it was never permitted
to come to a vote.
Sir, it is useless to undertake to disguise from
ourselves or to throw any mystery or veil over
this whole proceeding. The question before us
now is neither more nor less than the question of
the fate of the river and harbor bill. That is the
practical question before the Senate; and Senators
might as well confess it, and act upon it. That is
the issue. If the river and harbor bill has not
friends enough in the Senate to sustain it, it will
1 go down. Let us take the vote and decide it now.
| It is useless to be occupying the attention of the
! Senate, and consuming time here, when we might
| bestow it upon practical measures; and might in
[ five minutes practically say whether we will or
; will not consider the river and harbor bill at this
| session.
] Mr. GWIN. I wish it to be borne'in mind
: that there is not only the civil and diplomatic ap-
! propriation bill, but there are other equally im-
{ portant bills to be acted upon, and that the river
} and harbor bill can be acted upon after we get
| through with some of them. If there should "be
! a majority of the Senate in favor of bringing up
the river and harbor bill, it can be done. After
the civil and diplomatic bill is disposed of there
are the appropriation bills for the Army and the
Navy, and the. Post Office, which are just as in-
dispenable to carry on the Government as the civil
and diplomatic bill. All I ask is, that we may
dispose of the civil and diplomatic appropriation
bill. Then if the majority of the Senate so deter-
mine, they can take up the river and harbor bill.
I shall not vote for the river and • ha;rbor bill as it
noV is, and I shall avail myself of the liberty of
discussing it whenever it comes up, regardless of
consequences. I_ may be induced to vote for the
bill if it shall be brought into what I conceive to be
a proper shape. But after the civil and diplomatic
appropriation bill shall be acted upon, we shall
have time to take up this bill before the Army and
Navy bills, It is not defeating the river and har-
bor bill to put it behind the civil and diplomatic
bill, for there are other equally important meas-
ures, that it should notprecede. All I am contend-
ing fornow is, that we should dispose of- the civil
and diplomatic appropriation bill.
Mr. CASS. I do not suppose there is a Ser*-
ator on this floor who has not made up his mind.
It is a subject upon which I do not want any argu-
ment to convince me.
Mr. BUTLER. It is said that every one has
made up his mind upon this bill, and that there is
no use of discussing it. I presume that it is a bill
depending on a combination of different interests,
•and upon that I have made up my mind. As the
Senator from Arkansas has said that remarks in
the Senate are not intended for the Senate, but for
the public, if we arc to have discussion, the ques-
tion resolves itself into this: which of these two
bills shall be postponed for the consideration of
the other ?
The honorable Senator from North Carolina
says that he does not Want to have discussion.
He says that every man of common sense ought
to understand the subject without discussion.
Mr. BADGER. I said no such thing.
Mr. BUTLER. I understood the honorable
Senator to say that there was no use of making
old speeches'that no one listened to. I wish to
discuss the subject, and if nobody in the Senate
will hear me, I must discuss, it—which I have
never done before—for Buncombe. I am hot to be
suppressed by the impatient motions of gentlemen
on the subject.
Mr. CASS. I have not the' least, idea of re-
straining the gentleman, but I would- say to him
that this is not a question on the river and harbor
bill. It is a question of what bill we shall take up.
If it is taken up, it will be in order to discuss it to
the day of judgment. The proper time to discuss
it will be.when it is taken up. I do not know ex-
actly whether the honorable gentleman referred to
me when he spoke of combinations either for or
. against the bill., I know of no combination; but as
I said before, it is a very simple and plain ques-
tion, and I suppose every Senator has made up
his mind.
Mr. BADGER. The Senator from South Car-
olina puts into my mouth words which I have not
used—words, the sense of which I have not used,
and the substance and meaning of which I have
not used. He says that I said that I did not want
any argument about the river and harbor bill. I
have said no such thing. 1 have said there is
ample time for a full and fair discussion of every-
thing involved in that bill, in my opinion. But I
have said that there is not time enough at this ses-
sion, and there will not be time enough next ses-
sion, if gentlemen think proper to occupy th« time
of the Senate—not with a discussion of the river
and harbor bill, but with reading old -speeches or
reports, or President's messages, or anything of
that kind. I have not said that I want no argu-
ment about the bill; quite the contrary, I have no
objection to the discussion of the bill.
Mr. BUTLER, Then I will qualify my re-
mark. I understand the Senator to mean that he
does not want such arguments as other gentlemen
might think proper to indulge in. He only wants
such arguments as seem sensible in his own esti-
mation. He means that if others confine them-
selves to such sensible arguments as he suggests,
then he is willing that they should go on; but if
they go back to old subjects, old reports, and old
speeches, there will not be time to hear them—•
they must confine their discussion to such sensible
things as would meet the gentleman's approba-
