1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2235
tion. That is the Senator's position, I under-
stand.
Mr. PRATT. I do not think that the remarks
of my honorable friend from South Carolina are
exactly in place. I do not know that lie meant
them m the sense which they imply. -He says
there are combinations in reference to this bill, but
that he is certain the majority ale sufficient to
cram it down the throats of the minority.- I know
nothing of the provisions of the bill. I have not
read one,word of,it. I do not know a. single ap-
propriation it contains. With regard to the con-
stitutional power, I believe we have the power to
make these improvements'". But; sir, Tf the ma-
jority of tfcis body believe the bill to be right, if
.they believe they have the constitutional power to
.pass it, it cannot be said to be discourteous or un-
parliamentary that their will should be carried
out. I do not, therefore, think it is exactly proper
to say that it is wrong on the part.of this majority
to carry out the measure which they desire to
carry out. Jt is very clear that this bill is to be
.discussed. Whether I am to vote for it I do not
know, because I do not know .its provisions.
But it is to be discussed; it is supposed to be a
■very important measure. I believe the Govern-
ment have the power to'make the appropriations,
if they think proper. I shall, therefore, vote for
taking it up, that it may have that discussion, and
be passed, if that majority exists which my friend
from South Carolina supposes to exist.
,Mr. BUTLER. I desire to explain, for I do
not. v/isli to leave an impression on the minds of
gentlemen unfavorable to the true position I take.
I say, the river and harbor bill is one essentially
depending upon a combination of interests in dif-
ferent parts of the United States; and if they do
combine, they can carry it. I do not say that
they may not do it from a sense of public policy.
I,*am very far from saying there is any impure
combination; but a bill of this kind, depending on
" you vote for this, and 1 will vote for that," as
it must necessarily be, is stronger by combining
many interests together than by acting on them
separately. I do not mean anything else.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope we shall have the
question. I think it desirable that we should de-
cide this evening what we will take up to-morrow,
that every one may come prepared.
The PRESIDENT. Thequestionis on taking
up, not the river and harbor bill, but the civil and
diplomatic bill, and on the postponement of all
previous orders with the view to take it up, and it,is
that to which Senators should turn their attention.
Mr, DOWNS. I merely rise to remark that I
shall vote in favor of taking up the ci.vil and diplo-
matic bill; but I do not wish by that to indicate
whether 1 shall vote for or against the river and har-
bor bill. I have not examined it. Idonotknow
what.it is. I made a very decided opposition to
the" river and harbor bill which was under con-
sideration at the last session of Congress, but 1
understand this is a very different bill. I have
not examined it; but I can see no necessity of
putting aside the appropriation bills to take it up
"now. We are not in the same situation as at the
end of a short session, having along recess before
us, By the joint rules of the two Houses, any
bill that remains unpassed at this session, will
come up again, within one week of the commence-
ment of the next Session, in the same situation in
which it was left, as if no adjournment had taken
place. Therefore, this .bill can come up at the
next session without 'any necessity for its going
back to the House.
I have agreat aversion, as the Senator from Vir-
ginia so well expressed it, that we should be forced
to a hasty consideration of this bill. It should
have a fair and full consideration. If we had time
to take it up and act upon it at this session, I
would do it most cheerfully. But I have not ex-
amined the bill, and I think we ought to give ample
time to consider the appropriation bills.
The question being taken, by yeas and nays, on
the motion to take up the civil and diplomatic bill,
resulted—yeas 19, nays 28; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Adams, Bayard, Brooke, Butler, Chas-
tain, Dawson, De Saussure, Dow/is, Gvvin, Houston* Hun-
ter, King, Mallory, Mason, Meriwether, Morton, Norns,
Soule, and Toucey—19.
v' NAYS—Messrs. Badger, Bell, Borland, Bright, Cass,
- Chase, Clarke, Davis, Podsje ot' Wisconsin, Dodge of
• IqwaflP.otujjtas, Feleh. Fifth, Gayer, liale, James, Jones of
IovVa, Jones of Tennessee, Pratt, Rcha-stian, Sewacd,
Shields Smith, Spruance, Sumner, Underwood, W^ade,
and Walker^.' * • k l" '
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to postpone all previous
orders for the purpose of taking up the bill of the
House "of Representatives " making appropria-
tions for the improvement of certain harbors and
rivers," so that it may be the order of the day for
to-morro\y.'
:Th'e motioii was agreed to.
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
' Tuesday, August 17, 185'2.
, The House met at eleveno'clock, a. m. Prayer
by the Rev. Littleton P. Morgan.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER. The business first in order
is the -consideration of House bill No. 297, declar-
ing the Wheeling Bridge a lawful structure, and
for other purposes.
< M,r. McCORKLE. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to take up from the Speaker's
table Senate bill No. 8. It is a bill providing for
a Board of Claims, to be composed of Army offi-
cers, to .investigate claims growing out of the con-
quest of California. I ask that it may be taken up
and referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
so that they may report the next session.
: Mr. LETCHER. "Will that come out of the
morning hour?
The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. LETCHER. Then I object.
On motion by Mr. HAMILTON, it was
Ordered, That leave be granted to withdraw the papers
in the case of Eliza King trom the files of the House, foi the
purpose of having them referred to the Pension Bureau.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I will inquire if
this comes out of the morning hour? I have no
objection to this business being done, but I insist
that it.shall come out of the morning hour.
Mr. McCORKLE. I understand the gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Letcher] withdraws his ob-
jection to taking up the bill 1 indicated a minute
ago.
Mr. LETCHER. I will not object to it,-if it is
not to interfere w;ith the morning hour.
Mr. JONES. I do object, if1 it is not to come
put of the morning hour. I insist; that the morn-
ing hour,shall go on.
The SPEAKER., Then the business in order,
is the consideration of the Wheeling Bridge case,
upon which the gentleman from Ohio £Mr. Disney]
is entitled to t^ie floor.
BOARD OF CLAIMS.
Mr. McCORKLE. I again af^peal to the House
to allow the bill, to which I have alluded, to be
taken' up from the Speaker's table and referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
There was no objection, and Senate bill No. 8,
to create a Board of Commissioners for the exami-
nation and payment of claims against the United
States, growing out of the conquest of California,
was taken up from the Speaker s table, read a first
and second time by its title, and referred to the
Committee on'Mifitary Affairs.
Mr.t McCORKLE. 1 ask that the. bill also be
printed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would suggestto
the gentleman that it will be better to wait till the
committee report the bill, as they may change it
entirely.
Mr. McCORKLE. Very well. I will with-
draw the motion to print.
SURVEY OF PUBLIC LANDS IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. McCORKLE. I now ask that Senate bill
No. 7 may be taken up and referred.
There was no objection, and Senate bill No. 7,
providing for the .survey of public lands in Califor-
nia, granting donation privileges therein, and for
other purposes, was, by unanimous consent, taken
from the Speaker's table, read a first and second
time by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
THE WHEELING BRIDGE,
The House then resumed the consideration of
•House bill No. 197, declaring the Wheeling Bridge
a lawful structure.
Mr. DISNEY concluded his argument in favor
of the power of Congress to declare the bridge a
la'wful structure, and a post- road.. [See Appen-
dix.]
Mr. CURTIS next obtained the floor, and ad-
dressed the House in support of the 'decision of
the Supreme Court, declaring the bridge?.a nui-
sance.-' He was arrested by
Mr. HOUSTON. If the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Curtis] will yield the' floor, I
desire to report back from the Committee of
Ways and Means the Indian appropriation bill,
with certain amendments, for the purpose of hav-
ing it referred to the Committee or the Whole on
the state of the Union.
There being no objection, it was so ordered.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask permission of the
House to report from the Committee of Ways and
Means a bill which I have been a long time en-
deavoring to get reported—the Fortification bill.
Mr. STUART. I object. I wish to call up a
privileged question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ala-
bama is on the. floor.
Mr. HOUSTON.' I move that the rules of the
House be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union. • • :
* Mr. STUART. I contend* that thfe'gentleman
has not the floor. : -
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ala-
bama [Mr. Houston] has the floor, addressing the
Chair. , '
Mr. STUART. The gentleman from Alabarna
[Mr. Houston] made a proposition, when I rose
and objected to it, and announced thatl wished to
call up a privileged question.
Mr. HOUSTON. That may be, but I moved
that the rules of the House be suspended, and that
the House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. STUART. I rise to a question of ord^r.
The SPEAKER. The Chair announces as the
business first in order the report from* the Com-
mittee on Printing.
Mr. STUART. I wish the question of-order
determined first:
Mr. STANLY. Will the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Stanton] allow the bill for the re-
lief of the indigent insane to be disposed of?' Itis
upon its third reading. 1 hope that1 the question
will be taken upon that bill. It will take but very
little time.
' Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. If the report
of-the Committee on Printing* does not lose its
precedence, I shall take pleasure'in alio'wingit'to
lie over until that bill'fa disposed of.' If it inter-
feres <at all with the report, I shall insist upoft the
report being taken up now.
The SPEAKER: It is in' ofder for the gentle-
man from' Alabama [Mr'. Houston] to Submit the
motion which he has done.
Mr. STUART. I desire the-'Chair to deter-
mine the question of ordfer. X wish to learn
whether the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. Hous-
ton] or myself is entitled to the floor.
"The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ala-
bama [Mr. Houston] was recognized by the
Chair. - * • '
Mr. STUART. These hre the fafcts; Theg*eri-
tleman from Alabama [Mr. Houston] made a' re-
port, which \fras referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union. He then
asked 
Mr. LETCHER. Is there any appeal taken
from the decision of the Chair?
The SPEAKER. There is no appeal.
Mr. LETCHER. Then I call the gentleman
from Michigan [Mr. Stuart] to order.'
The SPEAKER. It is" a question for the
House to determine. The Chair assigned the
floor to the gentleman from-Alabama [Mr. Hous-
ton] to make the motion he did. The gentleman
from Michigan {Mr. Stuart] questions the pro-
priety of the Chair in thus recognizing the gentle-
man from Alabama, and it will be a question for
the House to determine.
Mr. STUART; I suppose that I can explain
the question of order.
'The SPEAKER. The Chair understands the
-gentleman from Michigan said he wished to-make
a motion or call up a privileged question.
Mr. STUART. I was about to state the-point
-I intended to make. The gentleman from "Ala-
bama moved to refer a bill which he had repo.rtfed
from the Committee of Ways and Means to the
Committee of the Whole oh the state of theUnion.
The reference was made. He then asked leav6\o
