1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1371
Senator. I have not taken any indirect method to
ascertain his views, or to obtain an answer to my
inquiries. I have tried to have the Senator answer
whether these extraordinary provisions introduced
into this treaty—such as were never known before,
and never will be again I think, if we learn any-
thing by experience—whether that policy was not
his own conclusion at the time, that letting in the
settlers among the Indians, would speedily drive
them west of the Mississippi.
Mr. CASS. I do not suppose that anybody
thought of such a thing. I take it that every one
supposes, that as soon as the Indians chose to
occupy the lands we gave them, the whites would
comem, of course. I do not suppose it was the
result of policy at all. They were settling there,
as on any other public lands.
Mr. BELL. It is most extraordinary. I do
not dispute that the Senator states what he con-
siders as a matter of fact, as to his own conclu-
sions; but it is extraordinary that twenty-three
thousand Indians with their slaves would be per-
mitted to remain permanent citizens of Alabama.
Mr. CASS. They did not remain. They were
going all the time.
Mr. BELL. It is most extraordinary that he
should have considered for a moment that such
would be the consequence. And on the face of
the treaty itself I have as strong proof as I desire,
that they had no such thing in contemplation; for,
it was expressly provided that the reservations
might be sold within five years; and the stipula-
tion was, that Government should appoint agents
to certify the sales, and to see that the Indians
were not wronged in the transfers. And, in the
same treaty a provision was made, that the Gov-
ernment would remove them, if they chose to go,
and give them subsistence for twelve months after
their removal. Sir, was there a moment of time
in which it "was contemplated by the people of the
State of Alabama that the Indians would remain
in that territory? Would Georgia have consented >
They expected a fulfillment of the  uarantee given
to the State of Georgia, that the Indians should
be removed, and that they should not be permitted
to settle down among the whites, to become a nui-
sance in society, and commit such scenes of depre-
dation as had occurred in Alabama.
The Senator from Michigan [Mr. Cass] has
not given the fact in the terms of the treaty itself.
It was a treaty intended to effect their removal,
and the whole basis of my argument on this claim
stands, and the main ground on which I put it is,
that the white settlers were tempted, invited, in-
duced, and recommended by the Government to
go and buy lands in the Indian country, and settle
down among the Indians before they were re-
moved, and even before they had time to remove,
because they could not make their selections till
the surveys were made; and I believe they were
not made until 1834, two years after the treatv
was entered into. At that momentthe rush of all
the population from the surrounding States was
the consequence of the result of the treaty. They
were invited to go. It was an experiment on the
part of the Government, I repeat again. I impute
no bad motives. I think I might impute want of
foresight in not calculating the probable conse-
quences of this influx of white settlers previous to
the removal of the Indians. The whites got in
among them, and purchased the reservations as
fast as the surveys could be made. They filled
the whole country, and occupied the remaining
territory not takes lip by the reservations: and
where was the foothold—where was the home-
stead for the Indian? What provision was made
for them whilst remaining in the country ? I ask
the Senator from Michigan [Mr. Cass] whether
there was a single acre, not taken up by the res-
ervations, retained for temporary cultivation by
the Indians until they removed? I ask him if the
whole country was not taken up, sold, and occu-
pied in 1834?
Mr. CASS. Every head of an Indian family
had property to settle on if he did not choose to
go west.
Mr. BELL. I ask if, excepting the reserva-
tions, there was one single acre of territory re-
tained ? If the sales of the reservations were not
only encouraged, but expected? The_ agents
who were to superintend the sales were immedi-
ately sent into the country, and where was a foot
of territory reserved for the Indians until they
thought proper to remove? What was an Indian
head of a family when he had sold his reservation ?
That is the question.
Mr. CASS. Will the Senator permit me to
answer by saying lhat he would have to go west.
It was the condition to which he was inevitably
reduced by the disposal of his property. Is the
Government bound to support every poor Indian,
or every poor white man?
Mr. BELL. Of course; that is perfectly con-
sistent with my argument. Tlfe honorable Sena-
tor says the policy of the Government was, that
they should go or stay, as they pleased. Reserva-
tions were made for the purpose of allowing them
to stay. But they were permitted to sell those
reservations, without any condition requiring them
to go. There was no stipulation that they should
go west; and even after they sold their reserva-
tions, they were at liberty to go or stay, as they
pleased.
Mr. CASS. They had a right to go west, if
they chose.
Mr. BELL. They had; but they were encour-
aged to sell their reservations, and remain. One
of the grounds alleged for the destitution of the
lower country of the Creeks was, that they so'd
out their reservations speedily, and consumed the
proceeds of their sales, and then had nothing to
subsist upon. Not only had they parted with
their money; not only had they consumed the pi o-
ceeds of the sales of their reservations; but when
they once sold their reservations, they had not a !
foot of land which they could cultivate. I ask the i
honorable Senator ag.iin, whether, after such an j
execution of such a treaty as this, the Government j
ought not to have foreseen the results, or ought j
not to have calculated, almost inevitably, that the j
state of things which did arise would arise? So j
much for that. j
I base this upon the ground of the anomalous
policy pursued by the Government. It invited
the citizens of Alabama and Georgia, and every
other State of the Union, to go into the country
and settle promiscuously with the Indians, on a
space of no greater extent than five millions of
acres of land, and among twenty thousand In-
dians. These Indians had permission to sell their
reservations, and the white settlers had ail the
balance of the territory. Yet a treaty was made
with no stipulation for the removal of the Indians,
and the Government did not undertake to remove
them. They were left as free to stay or to go, as
the white man of this country is free to change his
residence or keep his own homestead. Not one
| foot of the land reserved was intended to be per-
[ manently reserved to the Indians. I do not mean
| by this to be in any manner offensive, and I repeat
j again that I admit there were necessities which
j may have presented themselves to the minds of
the members of the Administration at the time
the treaty was made. The question is not now
whether it was bad or good policy—whether it
was wise or unwise. 1 do not raise the question
whether it was wise or unwise, for them to act in
the way in which they did act. I do not insist
! upon that. It is no part of my argument. I hap-
pened to throw out yestesday a suggestion that it
was a most unfortunate policy for the Govern- \
ment. I said it was unfortunate that the Govern- j
ment should have allowed white settlers to go m
and settle among the Indians. The consequence
j of their going in under the circumstances in which
they did go, was the loss of the property and the ;
lives of a good many of them. The question is, [
whether this anomalous policy, this singular pnl- i
icy. this experiment, if you please so to call it, |
i made under the stress of extraordinary political 1
| necessity, having produced amons the Indians, by i
! a multiplication of the causes of discontent, a grad- j
| ual blowing up of the flame of hostile feeling on |
I their part, which actually broke out against the j
! property and lives of the citizens—the question [
I is, who are chargeable with these results? Who 1
' are responsible for them5 The question is, whether
! these circumstances did not take the case out of
j that rule of public law which discards any obliga-
| tion on the part of Government to protect its cit-
! izens against the outbreaks of their neighbors—
I against mobs, against civil disturbances of every
description, against burnings, plunderings, and
; robberies.
j This is the ground of this claim. It grew out
; of a policy of the Government which was pecu-
i liar to this case. It was not like any case which
! had ever arisen before, and there will, probably,
be no case identical with it in all its circumstances
again. I stated yesterday, and I called the atten-
tion of Senators to it, that we have had some ex-
perience from this treaty, and the execution of it,
which may hereafter be useful in forming other
treaties in California and Oregon, and with In-
dians on the western frontier this side of the
Rocky Mountains.
I urge further, that the Government was advised
that, unless supplies were furnished, and continued
to be furnished—and it may be fairly implied, too,
from these admonitions that they were expected
to be of sufficient quantities—the starving condi-
tion of the Indians would necessarily lead to dep-
redations upon the property of the while settlers.
That is not denied by the honorable Senator from
Michigan. The honorable Senator, I believe,
stated that some supplies were furnished.
Mr. CASS. Yes, sir.
Mr. BELL. But they were furnished ta a very
limited extent, and were not sufficient. The hon-
orable Senator is bound to admit that one of the
very gentlemen, sent by him to that country to in-
vestigate the ground of the hostilities, reported that
the admonition was not heeded, and for what rea-
son? Because it was the policy of the Government
to coerce theremoval of the Indians westof the Mis-
sissippi. It was supposed that I was using a very
harsh term when I said that the policy was starv-
ation. Now, the trusty commissioner of the
Government admitted the very same thing. The
honorable Senator said, in a portion of his remarks
yesteiday, that the then Administration could not
be held responsible for any statement made by the
commissioners or agents sent by the Government.
Why, sir, they were sent with full instructions.
They were confidential agents of the Government.
They received confidential instructions. It was
not expected, of course, that their reports were to
be confidential, because it was intended to spread
them before the public. One of the commissioners
was a devoted partisan. I knew him well. He
reports that it was not the policy of the Govern-
ment to subsist the Indians, but that the policy of
the Government required their removal westward.
If he does not say that in terms, it is necessarily
implied from what he does say. It is the com-
missioner sent out by the honorable Senator him-
self who makes this declaration. It wasthetrusted
agent of the Government who avowed what had
always been disavowed before.
The honorable Senator said, yesterday, that he
could not be made responsible for the vague state-
ments of the commissioners, or agents, or whoever
they might be. I stated that the Government had
been advised, during this period, either that sup-
plies should be furnished to the Indians, or that
an adequate military force should be sent into the
country. The honorable Senator to-day, makes
two answers to that charge. He says there was
a military force on the borders. I do not know
lhat there was. If he means to say that there was
a military force on the borders of the Creek coun-
try, I think heis mistaken. There may have been
a military force in Florida, and there may have
been a very small force at some point on the bor-
bers of the Indian country. But whence did the
complaint come? From Alabama and Georgia.
The Government was admonished by the author-
ities of those States, that unless a military force
was sent to the Indian country, hostilities might
be apprehended. The Government was informed
that the condition of the country was such that
an outbreak might be looked for at any moment,
unless there was an adequate military force there.
I take it, that the honorable Senator is mistaken
when he says there was a military force there.
True, it was not the policy of the Government to
| supply provisions; but the policy on which the ar-
| tides of this treaty were founded was still adhered
; to. And what was that policy ' The persuasion
' of hunger and destitution to lead the Indians west
of the Mississippi. The Government omitted, in
this treaty, compelling their removal. The Gov-
ernment agreed that they might remain as long as
they chose. The great body of the Indians were
reluctant to go. Discontents were allowed to swell
up to such a volume that they at last burst forth
in a general conflagration in the lower towns, con-
! stituting one fourth or one fifth of the tribe.
1 The honorable Senator has answered the charge
I that the then Administration did not take heed;
! and he asks me what right the Government had
i to send a military force there, or to interfere with
