1372
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 17,
the Indians at all? He referred to the act of the
State of Alabama, extending the laws of that State
over the Indian tribes, thereby destroying their
tribal character, destroying their existence as a
community. He asks what right the Government
had to interfere?
Mr. CASS. Will the honorable gentleman
allow me to say that he is speaking of intrusions
upon their lands, and of persons going into the
Indian country? It ceased to be Indian country
under>the terms of the treaty, and under the Ala-
bama law of 1832. The Senator is speaking of
intrusions upon Indian lands. They would come
within the intrusion law, and that was the very
subject of dispute between this Government and
the government of Alabama. I did not say that
we had not the right; I maintain that we had the
right to send troops there. What 1 said was, that
we might have been brought into conflict with the
government of Alabama, and that that was a con-
sequence to be avoided; but troops were there
under General Jesup.
Mr. BELL. The honorable Senator asked me
what right, after the community of the Indians
was destroyed, the Government had to send troops
there? Why, the Government had the right, on
the call of the Executive of Alabama or of Geor-
gia, to send troops there at all times; but I sup-
pose that the honorable Senator meant, by the
interrogatory which he put to me, to question the
power of this Government, under the Constitu-
tion, to assume the control of regulating the In-
dian tribes in the States—a question which was
settled as early as the first administration of Gen-
eral Washington.
Mr. CASS. When the title of the Indians was
extinguished to the country, the intercourse law
could not apply, and the United States had no
authority to exercise any power over them within
the jurisdiction of the State. The moment the
land was sold, the moment the Indian title was
extinguished, the moment the land ceased to be
Indian country, it came within the jurisdiction of
the State of Alabama.
Mr. BELL. Then 1 would refer the honorable
Senator back to the provisions of the treaty. The
Senator, 1 understand, now contends that by selling
their lands these Indians had lost their tribal char-
acter; that they weie not longer a separate com
munity, but under the jurisdiction of the State of
Alabama; and that, therefore, the Government of
the United States had Install control overthem after
the execution of that treaty. 1 understand it to be
his argument that the Government lost all control
over these Indians from the moment the treaty
was executed and their title to the land wns extin-
guished, except as to those who were permitted or
who chose to take reservations. I understand
him to maintain that the Creek Indians, as a na-
tion, became extinct, on the east side of the Mis-
sissippi at least, and that this Government, there-
fore, had no longer any controlling power over
them—to make treaties with them, to regulate
trade and intercourse with them, or to extend the
common principles of the intercourse law to them.
That is what I now understand to be the argu-
ment of the honorable Senator.
Mr. CASS. I wish the honorable Senator to
understand me. I will repeat my position, in or-
der that I may nor be misunderstood. Suppose,
that in the State of Tennessee there are a body of
Indians owning land, over whom the Government
bylaw has full control. If they cede their land
to the Government of the United States; if the In-
dian title is extinguished, the Government has no
longer the full control over the Indians, but the
regulation of their concerns devolves upon the
State.
Mr. BELL. Then I understood the Senator
aright. The inference to be drawn from his state-
ment is, that from the moment of the execution of
thai treaty, or from the time its stipulations were
fulfilled, and the land was surveyed, and the white
population permitted to flow in upon them, there
was no Creek nation of Indians of which the
Government could take charge under the Consti-
tution of the United States and according to the
principles established by Washington. The rea-
son I refer to that is, to call the attention of the
honorable Senator again to the fact, that in the
very mode in which this treaty was executed,
there was no stipulation rpqumnc thf removal of
the Indians westward, because they were permit-
ted to remain on reservations. At the same time,
provision was made for the appointment of agents
to examine and superintend the transfers of their
reservations. I refer to it to prove that the funda-
mental policy of the Government in regard to these
Indians was, that they were to be coerced, not by
arms, but by starvation and the necessity of their
condition, by their destitution. They were en-
couraged to sell their reservations, although there
was no other land provided for them, unless they
went westward. The experiment turned out to be
unfortunate. The Indians rose in resistance; they
refused either to starve, or to go, and commenced !
plundering the property of the whites. j
I wish to place the fact strongly before the Sen- j
ate, that this claim arises from a state of things j
which never existed before, and which will never, j
probably, exist again. The Government, by in- j
viting the white population into this territory, |
entered into new obligations as to indemnity for {
the losses which should arise, and which (ltd arise, j
and winch 1 think might have been foreseen as 1
almost inevitable under the stipulations of the .
treaty. The Indians refused to starve while they j
had arms in their hands. They determined to get I
some means of supporting life. They took cattle j
first, and, as the population on both sides became j
exasperated, they took life. The honorable Sen- I
ator says it was a state of war. If it was war, it !
was a war produced by the anomalous and singu- (
lar policy of the Government. The whites may |
be said to have been entrapped into it. They j
were made the instruments of removing these In- !
dians by exposing their lives and property by '
going and settling among them. It was a most i
natural and a most inevitable thing, considering |
the Indian character. They were not compelled j
to remove by the terms of the treaty. They re- 1
fused either to starve or to go. We know their
disposition to remain in their old homesteads, and
their native country. There way no stipulation i
obliging them to remove. The consequence of,
this might have been foreseen by a wise Govern- j
ment. But still I impute no bad motives to the:
then Administration. 1 admit the necessity under j
which that treaty was executed. But does it '
therefore follow, "that because these political neces-
sities existed—because the Government found !
itself under the necessity of making a novel ex-
periment as to the mode of removing a tribe ol j
Indians from one of the States of the Union— ,
although these facts existed in full force, that the
white population who had a right to s.ipno.se thai,
they would be protected against any natural or ,
probable consequence of their gomg into the terri-
tory, should not be indemnified r Admitting these |
necessities m the strongest point of view; admit-
ting the danger of a collision between one of the
States of the Union and the United States, does it i
follow that tins Government is not under obliga-
tion to indemnify the instruments it employed to !
coerce the removal of the Indians? Is the Gov- ,
eminent not to indemnify the white people who i
were invited to go in and buy the public lauds, 1
and buy the Indian reservations? f ask honorable
Senators, does it not follow clearly, as a necessary .
logical deduction from having made such an ex- ,
periment on the white people of the United States,
from having invited them to go into tins country :
under such circumstances, that when they have 1
lost their pi operty, and many of them their lives, ,
they shall be indemnified at least for their prop- j
erty5 Those who have lost their lives ran never i
again be restored to earth; but I think it right to in- :
demnify the living for the property they have lost.
I will only say in conclusion, that a poition of
this claim is for property taken by the United
States troops, and applied to their own use. Of
course, the honorable Senator cannot oppose that.
Mr, BERRIEN. Mr. President, i h.ne a few .
brief observations to make upon thi-s subject, and
I am impelled to do so by the fact that, being one •
of I he Representatives of the State of Georgia in
this Chamber, I am not authorized, as 1 believe, to ■
remain silent when a question is discussed con-
cerning the right of a portion of my constituents;
and am the more especially impelled to do s, , be- ;
cause the issue which has been made between the !
Senators from Tennessee and Michigan, and I
the spirit m which that discission has been con- ;
ducted is, in my view, calculated to divert the
| attention of the Senate from the real question on ,
which the allowance of this claim depends.
The honorable Senator gnve way, and the Sen- j
ate adjourned until Monday.
IN SENATE.
Monday, May 17, 3859.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. C. M. Butler.
Mr. MANGUM. I desire to make a motion,
which I hope will receive the assent of the Senate.
I learn that the late Mrs. Adams, relict of the late
President John duincy Adams, departed this life
on Saturday, in this city; and, to enable the Sen-
ate to attend her funeral, I move that when the
Senate adjourns to-day, it be to meet to-morrow
at two o'clock. The funeral, I understand, takes
place to-morrow. A gentleman suggests that we
should adjourn until Wednesday. I am perfectly
indifferent as to that; but I think it is .i mark of
respect which is due from you, Mr. President,
from me, and from all the Senators, that we should
be enabled (o attend the funeral.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Move to adjourn until
Wednesday.
Mr. MANGUM. I modify my motion, that
when the Senate adjourns to-day, it adjourn to
me^t on Wednesday.
The motion was agreed to.
PETITIONS, ETC
Mr. COOPER presented the petition of the ad-
ministrator of Michael Everly, praying that a
pension may be granted to the children of said
Everly, for services during the war of the Revo-
lution; winch was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. GW1N presented the memorial of D. M.
Wilson & Co., praying the payment of an in-
terest held by them in a claim against Mexico;
which was referred to the select committee ap-
pointed on the subject.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of citizens
of Chicopee, Massachusetts, praying that the bill
now pending before the Senate, called the home-
stead bill, granting to every man who is the head
of a family, one hundred and sixty acres of land,
may become a law; which was refened to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Also, a petition of citizens of Salem, Massa-
chusetts, praying that the law regulating the spirit
ration m the Navy may be repealed; which was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. WALKER presented two petitions of citi-
zens of New York, praying that,the homestead
bill now pending before the Senate, may become
a law; which were referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. BROOKE presented the memorial of John
II. Jefferson and James H. Jenkins, for themselves
and others, praying compensation for six months'
service in carrying the mail in 1838 and 1839,
withheld from them by Mr. Postmaster General
Kendall; which was referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
Also, the memorial of John R. Jefferson, ofMis-
sissippi, praying compensation for carrying the
mails, and damages for the annulment of his con-
tract by the Postmaster General, m route No. 5,616;
which was referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, presented the petition of
Orson Young, praying a pension on account of an
mjm y received while in the military service; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions?.
Ivlr. SOULE presented a petition of citizens of
Louisiana, praying an alteration in the mode of
transporting the mails on the route between Don-
aldsonvihe and Washington in thar Slate; which
was referred to the Committee on the Post Office
Post Roads.
Also, the memorial of Henry M. Hvams, and
others, praying that the act of January 27, 1851,
granting the right of preemption to certain pur-
chasers and settlers under the Maison Rouge
Grant, be ho amended as to secure the same right
to all purchasers holding hena fide under the
said grant, irrespectively of any improvement or
cultivation; which was referred to the Committee
on Private Land Claims.
Also, the memorial of Joseph Mitchell, praying
to have refunded certain duties illegally exacted
and paid on American casks and barrels; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Also, a memorial of citizens of Louisiana resid-
ing on the Mississippi river, opposite New Or-
j leans, praying that the port of New Orleans be
: extended to their rnde of the river bank; which
j was referred to the Committee on Commerce,
! Also, resolutions of the Common Council of
