2238
TOE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 18,
would ask him whether or not, in supporting Gen-
eral Scott, that party adopts the platform of the
Whig Baltimore Convention ?
. Mr. SCHOONMAKER. It has adopted the
nominees of the National Convention.
Mr. POLK. Does the Whig party of New York
adopt the platform as certified from the Baltimore
Convention?
Mr. SCHOONMAKER. I can answer for
myself, and those with whom I act, that, of
course, by supporting the nominees, we support
the platform.
Mr. POLK. I then understand that the Whig
party of New York supports General Seott upon
the platform?
Mr. SCHOONMAKER. I answer for myself
and those with whom I act.
Mr. POLK. Who does the gentleman act
with ? As the gentleman from Massachusetts has
allowed me the privilege, I will go into the ques-
tion in another way* Does Mr. Seward support
General Scott upon that platform?
Mr. SCHOONMAKER. Will the gentleman
answer me a question? [Laughter.]
Mr. MANN. I insist now upon my right to
the floor.
The CHAIRMAN. Thegentleman from Mas-
sachusetts is entitled to the floor, and refuses to
yield further.
Mr. MANN took the floor, and. addressed the
committee upon the subject of the institution of
slavery, the moral and physical condition of the
African race, both in the United States and in their
native country, and the position of parties on the
slave question. (See Appendix.]
. Mr. SKELTON here obtained the floor.
Mr. HOUSTON. With the permission of the
gentleman from New- Jersey, [Mr. Skklton,] I
will move that the committee take a recess until
seven o'clock.
Mr. SKELTON. I cannot yield to that mo-
tion. The remarks which I propose to make in
reference to an amendment wmch I shall offer to
this bill, are very brief; but I will yield to a mo-
tion that the committee rise.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I make that mo-
tion.
The question was then put, and the motion was
not agreed to.
Mr. SKELTON. Mr. Chairman, I have ob-
tained the floor at this time for the purpose of no-
tifying the Hourc that at the proper time I shall
offer an amendment, which I will send to the table
to he read.
The amendment wns read, as follows:
T!m! the Si'CM'Uiry of the Navy bo, and ho is herehv, au-
thorised and required to have. completed, without unnceeH-
sary delay, umj war steamer emui.iciod lor with Itobort l.
fcUi.-vctn, ii> [>ui«u:u)cc ot an act of Congress passed April
14,1313.
Mr. S. said: In the year 1842, Congress passed
an act authorizing Robert L. Stevens, of New
Jersey, to construct a steam-vessel for the pur-
pose of coast-defense, which was to be ball and
bomb proof. From some cause unknown to me, sir,
after that contract had been entered into by the
Secretary of the Navy, and the work somewhat
advanced, the enterprise was abandoned.
The object,sir, in proposingthisamendment, is,
that this enterprise may be recommenced and car-
ried into effect. Sir, this question of the construc-
tion of war-steamers for coast.defense is rather a
new proposition. lis expediency has never been
tested. It was for the purpose of testing thatex-
pediency that the Congress of the United States
authorized the construction of this vessel. The
object of constructing the vessel was not for the
puiposeof navigating the ocean, not for the pur-
pose of being engaged in wars of conquest, but
for the purpose of protecting our country from
invasion by a foreign foe.
I believe this enterprise is worthy of the sanction
and support of this House. As has already been
said this afternoon, the United States has not in
existence a navy that can compete with the navies
of Europe. Several of the commercial nations of
Europe have larger war navies than we have. In-
depd, sir, any attempt to establish a naval force
equal to that of Great Britain, it is very evident,
would not meet the approbation of this (Tongress.
Notwithstanding, sir, we are unwilling to engage
in this expensive enterprise for the purpose of
protecting our country, and although we do not
expect to compete with Great Britain upon the
ocean, it is very evident that we must have.some
means by which to defend ourselves from the in-
vasion of a foreign foe; and the question presents
itself, how shall this, object be accomplished?
Shall we defend our sea-coast by permanent for-
tifications, or shall we construct forts and fortifi-
cations upon.the water? Now, sir, this proposi-
tion meets my views in this particular, that it is
not only perfectly available as a means of defense
to the country, but it is much cheaper than local
and stationary fortifications upon our shores.
Mr. ROBBINS. With the consent of thegen-
tleman from New Jersey, I will move that the
committee take a recess until seven o'clock this*
evening
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object. I will
move that the committee do now rise.
Mr. ROBBINS. Then I will withdraw my
motion.
Mr. SKELTON. It was at the desire of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania that I yielded for
the submission of the motion for a recess.
Mr. FLORENCE. I will merely state that the
Committee on Naval Affairs of the House, of
which I am a member, have considered this sub-
ject. It is a matter of very great moment, so far
as the defense of the country is concerned, and the
gentleman ought to have an opportunity to address
a considerably greater number of members than
are now present. I do not think there is anything
which can claim the attention of the committee of
more importance than the subject being discussed
by the gentleman.
Mr. POLK. With the gentleman's permission,
I move that the committee do now rise, He can
then submit what he has to say to-morrow.
The question was taken, and the motion to rise
was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and theSpeak-
er having resumed the chair, the chairman re-
ported that the Committtee of the Whole on, the
state of the Union had had the state of the Union
generally under consideration, and particularly
House bill No. 240, making appropriations for the
support of the Navy, and had come to no resolu-
tion thereon.
Mr. HOUSTON then, by unanimous consent,
reported from the Committee of Ways and
Means the fortification bill; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move the usual resolution
to close debate in the Committee of the Whole
on the naval appropriation bill half an hour after
its consideration shall be resumed. I am willing
it shall lay over till to-morrow.
Mr. FOWLER. I object to that.
The SPEAKER. (Mr. Jones in the chair.)
That is a question which cannot be objected to.
Under the rules, it is the right of any person to
present a resolution at any time to terminate "de-
bate. The action of the House upon it when in-
troduced is another question.
Mr. POLK moved that the House adjourn;
which was agreed to,
And the House adjourned till eleven o'clock to-
morrow.
MEMORIALS.
The following memorials were prvMmted under the rule
and refeired to the appropriate committee:
By Mr. MOORE, of Pennsylvania : Two memorials of
citizens of Philadelphia, asking the parage of the bill in-
troduced by Mr. sta.m,y,to authorize the Socretaiy of the
Treasuary to deposit with the several States tho fouith in-
stallment ol the deposits of the public money directed to be
made, with  lu; said States, by act of June 23d, 1836.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee : A memorial of sundry
citizens of Washington county, Tennessee, playing Con-
giess to pass a bill introduced by Hon. E. Stanly, of North
Carolina, which is entitled "A hill to authoiize the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to deposit with the several States the
fouith installment of the public mono}'directed to be made
with said States by the act approved June 23d, 1836."
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, Jlugust 18, 3852.
Prayer by the Rev. Littleton F. Morgan".
Mr. DAVIS. I have been requested to present
a petition signed by several persons in the city, of
Boston. They state that they are the inventors of
a machine for knitting; that they made application
at the Patent Office for a patent, and it was granted
by the Commissioner of Patents. From that grant
an appeal wa^.^aken to the, Chief Justice of this
District. Thatappeal they say has been,suspended
because of the inability of the Chief Justice to try
it. His infirmities are such that he cannot attend
to the case. It has long, been suspended in this
way; and they pray Congress t,o, make some
provision to relieve them from that, condition, by
authorizing some other person' to hear the case.
I move.that the petition be referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. I am also requested to present
the petition of Samuel S. Lewis, of Boston, who
represents himself to be the agent of the Cunard
line of steamers." He represents in this petition
that when the line commenced operations, running
between Boston and Liverpool, there was an
understanding with the collector of the customs
that the duties upon coal which was consumed on
the outward voyage should come upon the basis
of drawback for exports, upon the condition that
a bond should be entered into for the payment of
those duties in case the coal was not exported in
that manner and used. He gave those bonds^.
coming under personal liability, and on the pro-
duction of the certificates from time to time that
the coal had been exported and used in that man-
ner, the bonds were canceled. Of late, from some
cause or other, which does not very distinctly
appear, upon the production of the certificates, the
Department declined to cancel the bonds. These
bonds are outstanding, and are claimed against
him. What he desires is, that if the law is inad-
equate, power should be given to cancel these
bonds as heretofore, upon the production of the
certificates that the coal has been exported and
consumed upon the voyage. I move that the
petition be referred to the Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. GEYER, from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, to which were referred the following'memo-
rials, asked to be discharged from the further
consideration'thereof; which was agreed to:
Memorial of the Legislature of Wisconsin rela-
tive to the jurisdiction of the United States district
court for that State;
Memorials of citizens of Lee county, towa, and
of Isaac Galland, praying the appointment of a
commissioner to examine and settle all claims to
land in the Sac and Fox half-breed reservation;
and a 1
Memorial of James M. Crane, praying addi-
tional compensation for publishing the Laws of
Congress of 1849-J50, in the California Courier.
He also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the bill supplemental to an act entitled
" An act extending the jurisdiction of -thfe district
courts to certain cases, upon the lakes and navi-
gable waters connecting the same," approved
February 25, 1845, reported it back with a rec-
ommendation that it do not pass, the committee
thinking that legislation on th6 subject is unne-
cessary.
Mr/FELCH, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to which were referred the following me-
morials, asked to be discharged from the further
consideration thereof; which was agreed to;
Memorial of F. A. Chenowith and others, pray-
ing the title to certain land settled and improved
by them in the Territory of Oregon; and a
Memorial of Robert Johnson, praying that pat-
ents may issue in his name on certain bounty land
warrants held by him and issued in the names of
discharged soldiers whose certificates he had pur-
chased.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the bill from the House of Repre-
sentatives, to amend an act en titled " An act to
create the office of surveyor general of the public
lands in Oregon, and to provide for the survey,
and to make donations to the settlers of the said
public land," approved September 27, 1850, re-
ported it back with an amendment.
Mr. BORLAND, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to which was referred the memorial of
Robert Mills, proposing a plan for a railroad and
telegraphic communication to the Pacific ocean,
submitted a report thereon; which was ordered to
be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to which
were referred the following bills, memorials, and
joint resolution, asked to be discharged from the
