1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
2289
further consideration thereof; which -was agreed
to.
Bill to amend the act approved March 2, 1831,
entitled " An act to provide for the punishment of
offenses committed in cutting, destroying, or re-
moving live-oak and other timber or trees reserved
for naval purposes;"
Bill to grant the hot springs-irj-Arkansas to that
State, and to secure the interests of bond fide set-
tlers within the limits of the' hot-epring reserva-
tion ; ~ •
Memorial of the Legislature of Alabama, pray-
ing a modification of the'act to enable the State of
Arkansas and other States to reclaim the "swamp
lands"-within their limits;'*Knd
Joint resolution giving the assent of Congress to
an act of the Legislature of the State Of Mississippi
appropriating a portion of the swamp and over-
flowed lands granted to said State by the act ap-
proved September ^8, 1820.
Mr. HUNTER, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to which was referred the bill to extend the
warehousing system by the establishment of pri-
vate bonded warehouses, and for other purposes,
reported back the same without amendment.
ADDITIONAL LAND DISTRICT.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I am instructed by
the Committee on Public Lands, to which was
referred a resolution of the Senate requesting that
committee to in^uire into the expediency of estab-
lishing an additional laud office in the Territory of
Minnesota-, to .repoct a bill to create an additional
land office in that Territory. I hope the Senate
will take up and pass the bill at this time. There
is but one land office in Minnesota, which is a
very large Territory. This bill will give to that
Territory but two land offices. The people there
are subject to very great inconvenience in entering
their lands, and I hope the Senate will pass the
bill now.
The bill was r^d a first and second time, and
the Senate proceeded to consider it as in Commit-
tee of .the Whole.
. It provides for the creation of a new land dis-
trict, to be called the "Sac.River District"—the
land office to fye -located at such, point within the
district as the President,may (Jir.ect, and to be
removed,from time to time, as may, in his opinion,
be expedient; it also authorizes the President, by
and with the advice and consent of the Senate, to
appoint the necessary officers.
No amendment being proposed, the bill was .re-
ported to the Senate, anu ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading. . ,
DAVID MURPHY.
Mr. CHAS3S. I ask the indulgence of the Sen-
ate to take up a bill upon which action was prevented
last Friday by a single objection. It is a bill from
the House for the relief of David Murphy. I
will simply state that it proposes to giv'ea pension
of $5 33^ a month to a soldier who was wounded
in the last war with Great Britain. It has twice
passed the House, and failed on the last private
bill day by the interpositioh of a single objection.
It has three times been reported favorably upon
by the House. It has unueigone a scrutiny by ar
committee of the Senate, and been favorably re-
ported upon by them. I trust the Senate will take
it up anu pass "it.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate
resumed the consideration of the bill as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. No amendment being pro-
posed , it was reported to the Senate without amend-
ment, ordered td a third reading, read a third time,
and passed.
CANAL IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. GWIN asked and obtained leave to intro-
duce a bill granting to the State of California the
right of way-and a donation of public lands for
the purpose of constructing a canal across the
Sierra Nevada valley; which was read a first and
second time by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
LAND DISTRIBUTION BILL.
. Mr. FISH. I desire to give notice, that, on
the day after to-morrow, during the morning hour,
I shall ask the Senate to take up the bill from the
House of Representatives, commonly known as
"Bennett's land distribution bill." For my own
part, I .desire to state that I have no disposition to
discuss it, and I believe that disposition is common
with all: the friends of the.bill. I think it will lead
to no debate, so far as its friends are concerned.
I give this notice, in order that Senators may be
aware of what is to come up on,that day. Many
were not satisfied with the vote that was given
yesterday,-when that bill was offered as an amend-
ment :toHhe Sault Ste. Mdrie canal bill.: Many of
the friends of the distribution bill were then com-
pelled to-give a'vote which might seem to place
them iri opposition to the principles of the bill
which they support. Therefore, as I understand
that themormnghOurtoJmorrovfris to be occupied
on another question, I shall, on the day after to-
morrow, during the morning hour, ask the Senate
to take up the bill to which I refer.
THE LOBOS ISLANDS.
Mr. HALE submitted the following resolution
for consideration:
Resolved, That tlie Committee on Foreign Relations be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of reannwring
tiie Lobos Islands.
COMPENSATION OF A PAGE-
Mr. JONES* of Iowa, submitted the following
resolution; which was read, and referred to the
Committee to Audit and Control the Contingent
Expenses of the Senate:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Se ate be directed
to pay to F. B. Gilbert, a page in the Senate, the same com-
pensation as was allowed the other pages for the second
session of the Thirtieth Congress.
BILLS PASSED.
The following engrossed bills were severally
read a third time and passed:
Bill granting to the State of Michigan the right
of way and a donation of public land, for the
construction of a ship canal around the Falls-of
St. Mary's, in said State; and a
Bill for the settlement of a certain class of pri-
vate land claims within the limits of the D'Auter-
ive claim, and for allowing preemption to certain
purchasers and actual settlers, in the event of the
final adjudication of the title of said D'Auterive'in
favor of the United States, and for other purposes.
CAYUSE WAR.''
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, there is a
bill upon the table from the House of Represent-
atives, providing for the mode in which the ex-
Fenses of the Cayuse war in Oregon shall pe paid,
t is a bill to amend an act entitled 4< An act to
' settle and adjust the expenses of the people of
4 Oregon, in defendingtheniselvesfrom attacks and
i hostilities of Cayuse Indians, in the years 1847
' and 1848," approved February 14, 1851. Con-
gress, at the last session r appropriated the money
to pay these expenses; but the.Treasury Depart-
ment find it necessary to have a verbal amend-
ment.to that law made, in order to enable them to
pay the money. This bill appropriates no money,
it is merely to direct the payment of money for-
meily appropriated, i move that the Senate take
up that bill, i have been urged by the Treasury
Department, for the last two or three months, to
have it passed.
The motion was" agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded, as in Committeeof the Whole, to con-
sider the bill. . It proposes to authorize the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to pay, out of the money
appropriated by the act to which.thisus an amend-
ment, approved February 14, 1851, the amount
found due to the persons named in the reportof the
commissioner to ascertain the necessary expenses
incurred by these inhabitants, as that report was
communicated to Congress by the Legislature of
Oregon, at the second session of the Thirty-first
Congress, it also provides, that where a person
to whom an amount was found due shall have
died, the amount shall be paid to his legal repre-
sentatives; provided, that if the deceased person
shall not have been a permanent resident of Ore-
gon at the time of his death, and .shall have left a
widow in any one of the States of the "Union, the
amount due shall be paid to the widow, and if
there be no widow surviving, but infant children,
the amount shall be paid to the guardian of the
infant children; and if no infant children, then to
the legal representatives of the decedent.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The only change that this
bill makes, is this: The act of 185-1-"required the
Secretary of the Treasury to ascertain how much
was due to each individual. On examination,.it
has been found that the Territorial Legislature of
Oregon did ascertain the amount, and found it to
be below- the'sum appropriated by Congress, and"
that all the parties,-sofaras we can feriro, are satis-
fied with that adjudication. It will tafcea greatdeal
of time to send to Oregon, hunt up-the vouchers'
again, and go through the same distribution of
money; Therefore it is thought best, for all the*
parties, simply to adopt that report of the Legist*
lature of Oregon, without the ex^pentfe and'trouble
of having a new-statement made out agar'n.^T&e1
liill-does-not appropriate adoilar; itshnply author-
izes a settlement of the accounts. #
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a
third time,and passed.- * - •
CONSUX AT AMSTERDAM. ,
The bill from the House of Representatives to
regulate and fix the annual salary of the American
Consul at the city of Amsterdam, was read a firsts
and second* time by its title, and referred to the.
Committee on Commerce.
INDIGENT INSANE BILL. !
The bill from the House of Representatives
making a grant of public lands to the several
States and Territories of the Union for the Jhett'efit
of indigent insane persons, was read a first and
second time.
Mr. SHIELDS. There was a select commit-
tee at the early part of the session to which the
subject was referred, and I move the reference of
this bill to that committee.
The PRESIDENT. Has that committee 're-
ported ?
Mr". SHIELDS. The committee have reported
on the subject.
The PRESIDENT. The moment a select
committee reports on the subject for which it was
raised, it is no longer in existence.
Mr. SHIELDS. Then I move that the bill be
referred to a select committee of five.
Mr. HUNTER. It seems to me that this bill
should be referred to the Committee on Public
Lands. I do not think thei'e is any necessity for
raising a select committee to examine it. ft is
only in extreme and extraordinary cases that we'
make u^e of select committees.
Mr. SHIELDS. I would state to the Senate
that I believe the usual course has been to refer5
this bill to a select committee, and I believe there1
is a parliamentary reason for it. It is understood
that the Committee on Public Lands al*6 opposed
to the measure.
Mr. BORLAND. X am not aware that that is
the fact.
Mr. SHIELDS. ' I understand that it has
always been the practice with this bill,'which is
commonly known as Miss Dix's bill, to refer it to
a select committee; and I move to refer it to a se-
lect committee.
The motion was agreed to.
The PR.ESIDENT. Senators will prepare
their ballots for a select committee.
Mr. SHIELDS. I would suggest that the
Chair appoint the committee. , *
The PRESIDENT. The rule requires all com-
mittees to be balloted for, unless by unanimous"
consent. Tf there be no objection, the Chajrwill
appoint the committee.
There being no objection, it was so ordered; ' •
And Mr. Shields, Mr. Pearce, Mr. Bell,
Mr. Hamlin, and Mr. Davis, were appointed the-
committee.
Mr. BORLAND. In connection with this
matter, I wish to submit, informally, a substitute
for that bill, which I intend to offer when it comes
up for consideration in the Senate. I have pre-
pared my substitute, and I wish it to be printed,
so that when the bill comes before the Senate, the
substitute will be also before Senators, that they,,
may understand its contents,.
The substitute was received, informally, and.
ordered to be printed.
LANGDON C. EASTON.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 call for the order of the day.
Mr. SHIELDS. I will take the liberty of re-
questing, my honorable friend from Massachusetts
to withdraw his call for the present, in order -to-
permit me to take up a bill for the relief of Cap-
tain Easton, of the United States Army. It is a
bill to which, I presume,-.there will be no objec-
tion. The reason., why I' wish to have it taken up
now is, that the Department is anxious to send
this officer to his post in New Mexico. - He
