464
THE GONG-RESSIjONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 4.
United States, in the two newspapers now selected !
in each State for that purpose. .Bat under this bill
  by a calculation that I have made, arid which f
believe to be correct—I find the expense would be
about $92,200 per annum; making a difference of
080,000 a year. I cannot find any corresponding
benefit accruing to any one—no benefit that can
correspond with this immense increase of expendi-
ture.
Mr, .CART-TER. Mr. Speaker, I wish to in-
quire of the gentleman whether he sees any benefit
in expending thp $19,GOO ?
Mr. HARRIS. I was just-going to remark,
that from the investigation I have given this sub-
. ject, I entertain the opinion that there is no benefit
to any one arising from the publication of the laws
of tfye tt&ited States in newspapers, except to the
man who prints themvand gets his proportion of
the $12,000. Fox when a gentleman desires to
Hnow what the laws of the United States are, he
goes to the .statutes of the United States, or he
consults his lawyer to obtain that information.
Is there a gentleman upon this floor, who knows
of a solitary case where a man has gone to the
newspapers of the county for the purpose of learn-
ing what are the laws of the United States.
Mr. SMART. I believe my friend is a profes-
sional man, and I will ask him if he has not had
men come into his office and often inquire of him
a,bout the bounty land law, and whether it is not
in such a paper, and whether he has not seen it ?
I have met with many such cases.
Mr. HARRIS. I answer it with pleasure. I
have been asked often, and inquired of as to the
different provisions of the bounty land law,
and 
Mr. FULLER, of Maine, (interrupting.) I de-
sire to inquire if the laws published in the news-
papers would be received as authority by courts
of law without being certified to?
Mr. HARRIS. J suppose not.
M *. PULLER. That is my impression.
Mr. SMART. The argument of my friend
proves too much. It goes against the publication
of the laws at all.
Mr. HARRIS. I am against the change pro-
posed by the gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Smart,]
and I see no material benefit to any one from the
publication of the laws at all in the newspapers.
This is the position I have taken, and I think it
can be maintained; but that is not the question be-
fore the House.
But what is the argument of the gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Smart] against the present system of
publishing the laws, and in favor of the one he
proposes? His objection to the present system is,
that under it there is an excessive amount of Ex-
ecutive patronage growing out of the publication
of these laws, and lie is afraid of, and opposed to,
this system, because of its tendencies to consolida-
tion. Under the present .system, the Secretary of
State is to select two newspapers in each Slate of
the Union in which the laws of the "United States
are to be printed. Now, if'you refer to the bill
upon your table, you will see that under it the
Secretary of State shall select two newspapers in
each Congressional district in the Union. The gen-
tleman's facts destroy his argument.
Mr. SMART. I regret to interrupt the gentle-
man, but I think he misapprehends the bill.
The Secretory of State is not authorized to do
anything about the selection further than to re-
ceive testimony as to which of the papers have the
largest circulation, and decide upon the testimony
according to the evidence. He has no discretion
in the premises.
Mr. HARRIS. Then under the bill, as I stated
before, the Secretary of State will have the select-
ing of the papers to publish the laws, and the dis-
bursing, or rather of selection of the tecipieuts of
$.92,200 a year, for the publication of the laws of
the United States, instead of, under the existing
laws, $12,200. You put into his hands, to be
paid by this Government to the different presses
of the country, the sum of $92,200 m the place of
$12,200. You give him the power to select—-under
the rules the bill prescribes—two paper's from each
Congressional district to receive this patronage,
instead of two papers in each State. Does not the
bill give him more patronage, than under the law
as it now exists? It gives him ninety-odd thou-
sand dollars, instead of twelve thousand, and it
gives him the selection of four hundred and
seventy-eight papers instead of sixty.
But, Mr. Speaker, I do not apprehend that we
are in any great danger of consolidation, growing
out of this question of publishing the laws of the
United States in newspapers. Now, I am as much
against a consolidated government as my friend
from Maine, [Mr. Smart,] but I cannot see in
-this question of printing the laws in newspapers
any very great danger that we are incurring of
consolidating our-Government. I think my friend
from Maine is giving an undue importance to the
distribution of this $12*000 of patronage. I do
not think any serious injury can result from it,
except the small injury that results to the Treas-
ury—and under his bill a much greater injury
would result to it, than now does—for the reason
that the expenditure of $80,000 more a year, with-
out benefiting the public or any individual, except
the gentlemen who happen to get the printing. I
move to lay the bill upon the table.
The question was then being taken upon the
motion of Mr. Harris, when—
Mr. SMART called for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
ASSIGNABILITY OF LAND "WARRANTS.
Mr. DUNHAM. I move that the House re-
solve itself into a Committee of the Whole upon
the special orders.
The question was then taken, and the motion
was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole House on the state of the
Union, upon the special orders, (Mr. Olds in the
chair.)
The CHAIRMAN. The business before the
committee is the special order, being Senate bill
No. 146, making land warrants assignable and for
other purposes.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois. I propose to
submit, for the consideration of the committee, a
few remarks in support of the propositions, on the
subject of military bounty land warrants, as con-
tained in the Senate bill. And it may not be in-
appropriate for me, at the present time, to refer
briefly to the history of the proposition which is
now before the committee for its consideration.
At an early period of this session, the honorable
gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Cobb,] 1 believe,
introduced a bill for the purpose of making land
warrants assignable, which are not so under ex-
isting laws.
The provisions of that proposition met with the
approbation of this House. It was enacted into
a law, so far as the action of the House could ac-
complish that end, and sent to the Senate for its
concurrence. After the passage of that bill, the
honorable gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Har-
ris] submitted his joint resolution proposing to
accomplish the same thing with the first section of
that law; but inaddition to that, it contains other
sections providing that the receivers and registers
of the different land offices in the State where the
public land is situated, should receive pay equal
to the sum which they received under the cash
entries for locating these warrants. And further,
ujthat those registers and receivers who have here-
tofore located these warrants, should also be paid
for their services out of the Treasury of the United
States. The resolution contains other proposi-
tions, to which it is not necessary* for my purpose
at this time to refer. Those resolutions were con-
sidered, and finally they were referred to a select
committee, which committee, after grave consid-
eration and solemn consultation, reported a bill
back to this House, upon which it seemed, after
the report had been made, there was not two of
that committee who were able to agree. The
builders of Babel were not more incomprehensible
| to each other than were the members of that com-
mittee after they returned from their committee-
! room into this Mouse. The chairman of thecom-
j mittee, [Mr. Dunham,] immediately after he
j reported this hill, proposed an amendment to the
i first section himself, and thereupon a very interest-
! ing discussion grew up, confined principally to the
! members of that committee. Notwithstanding
that, sir, a portion of that committee, with its
chairman at its head, insist most pertinaciously
their bill shall become the settled law. 1 am op-
posed to that bill. I am opposed to it in substance
and in form.
But to proceed with the further history of the
proposition contained in the bill now before the
committee for consideration. While these mat-
ters were going on in the^House, the first bill pro-
viding for the assignability of warrants had been
sent to the Senate. The Senate then took up the
whole subject—the joint resolution and all the pro-
ceedings which had taken place in this House,
and, after mature deliberation, a bill passed that
body, which was sent to this House for its concur-
rence, and referred to this committee, and is one
W the propositions to be discussed at the present
time. The gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Harris,] who reported the first resolution, seems
to me to have changed the ground he first occu-
pied on these resolutions. A very serious and
marked change has come over the spirit of his
dream. Notwithstanding the Senate bill combines,
almost word for word and letter forletter, the prop-
osition as contained in his bill, he seems to have
abandoned his own bantling, and to have fixed
himself upon this nondescript reported by this
very select committee. Why this is marvelous
and strange. The Senate could not have paid a
higher compliment to the gentleman from Tennes-
see than it has done. It has imbodied, as T said
before, almost word for word the same sentiment
and provisions which'were contained in his origi-
nal joint resolution. I apprehend that no member
of this House could have submitted a proposition
which would have received a higher compliment
from the Senate of the United States, than the
proposition has received from that body which the
honorable gentleman from Tennessee submitted.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee, if it is any
gratification to the gentleman from Illinois to know
that I am opposed to the adoption of the resolu-
tion which proposes to pay registers and receivers
for services heretofore performed, the gentleman
may have that information. I introduced the
joint resolution to which the gentleman referred,
upon the first or second day after the organization
of the House, stating at the time I did so, that
they were the joint resolutions of the previous ses-
sion, with the Senate amendments thereto, copied
by one of the clerks. I had not, before offering
it, scrutinized every feature it contained, my ob-
ject being to get the proposition to make the war-
rants assignable before the House, knowing the
House could correct any defect that might exist.
They "contained a feature which, upon investiga-
tion, I condemn, and to which I am opposed, and
which oppositional expressed as soon as I investi-
gated the subject. I oppose it for the reason that
the existing laws provided for the compensation
of these officers; and if that compensation was
insufficient, they were not compelled to continue to
hold the office. That feature is to pay to registers
and receivers, for servicesheretofore performed un-
der the then existing laws, an amount indefinite as
to quantity and indefinite as to what number are
to receive this pay. I am against the adoption of
that principle, whether it appears in the original
resolution introduced by myself, or in resolutions
introduced by any other gentleman upon this floor,
and shall vote to strike it from my own, and every
proposition in which it is contained, feeling it to
be my duty when, upon investigation, satisfied
that a proposition is wrong, to correct the error,
whether the proposition be reported by myself or
another.
Mr. CAMPBELL, (resuming.) The gentle-
man is correct in the order of time m which his
resolutions were offered; they preceded the bill of
the gentleman from Alabama. I understand when
a gentleman introduces a resolution, whether he
has made an exact copy of any other resolution
or not—whether he has introduced a resolution
which was reported at the last session of Congress
or not, that he indorses to the fullest extent every
sentiment and principle it contains: thathe adopts
the proposition as his own, and submits it to the
House for a candid and impartial consideration.
If the gentleman has had reason since the time he
introduced this resolution to change his opinions,
that is a matter with himself; yet it may veiy well
be considered as a matter of astonishment to those
who do not understand the causes which produced
this great change in the mind of thegentleman upon
this particular subject, and I propose to show in the
investigation of the subject, that the reason which
the gentleman has just urged why he changed his
opinions, is no reason at all. The amount which
is to be paid is not indefinite. It is capable of be-
ing ascertained with mathematical certainty,and I
propose, before taking my seat, to inform the gen-
tleman of almost the precise amount which you
