1376
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 17.
—" and there take, steal, or destroy, any horse, iiornes,
or other property, belonging to any citizen or inhabitant of
the United States, such citizen or inhabitant, iiis represent-
ative, attorney, or agent, may make application to the pro-
per superintendent, agent, or sub-agent, who, upon being
furnished with the necessary documents and proofs, shall,
under the Sirection of the President, make application to
the nation or tnbe to which said Indian or Indians shall
beloDg for satisfaction."
And it proceeds to provide that, on these facts
being ascertained, the amount of such losses shall
be withheld from the amount of any annuity to
which sucli tribe of Indians shall he entitled; and
that if there be no annuity, they shall be paid out
of the Treasury of the -United States. Now, the
" Indian country" is defined in the act of 1834.
The country in which these aggressions were com-
mitted was not within those hmits, but the act of
1837 has applied to these claims the principle of
the act of 1834, by the appointment of commis-
sioners to ascertain the amount of losses, and by
the stipulation that they would pay such claims
as came within the act of 1816, or within the pro-
visions of the intercourse act.
I submit to the Senator from Michigan whether
resistance to these claims is longer consistent with
justice; certainly, it can be no longer dictated by
feeling, when all imputations against the conduct
of the Administration by which this treaty was
negotiated, are disavowed, and when the claims
are based on the action of the President and Con-
gress composing that A dministration, which I have
thus briefly exposed to the Senate. If the depre-
dations have been committed within the Indian
country, no one doubts that, under the provisions
of the intercourse law of 1834, they would have
been chargeable on the Treasury of the United
States, unless there had been an Indian annuity
from which they could have been deducted. But
the act of 1837 limited the obligation of the United
States to pay for such losses as were provided for
in the two cases of the act of 181G, and the act of
1834; and Congress, by limiting their obligation to
these two cases, expressly bound themselves to
pay such losses as came within the provisions of
these cases.
I submit to the candor and sense of justice of
the Senator from Michigan [Mr. Cass] whether
these claims of these poor sufferers, which have
now, for fourteen years, been presented to the
Congress of the United States, sustained as they
are, by the pledge which was given by Congress
in the act of 1838, ought to be further resisted ? I
ask that they may meet with a favorable consider-
ation from the Senate of the United States. Nay,
I should hope that they would no longer meet with
opposition from the Senator from Michigan, [Mr.
Cass,! or fr°n> the Senator from Virginia, [Mr.
Buster.;] and that the objection raised on the
technical ground that this amendment was not
properly piaccd in the appropriation bill, which
has been already overruled by the Senate, will not
prevent that honorable Senator from austainmg
this amendment. But, sir, I have no intention to
occupy the time of the Senate by an elaborate dis-
cussion of this claim, or to do anything more than
to present ,i simple statement of tin- facts on which
it is founded; anil will, therefore, submit the ques-
tion without further remark.
Mr. CELL. It may be necessary to modify
the amendment 1 have proposed, m order to give
certainty to the effect of its provisions, should it
be adopted. I will send to the Chair what J pro-
pose to be added to the amendment.
II To be distributed acconhns; to the M-Iu-iiulw raimird by
tSie couuni'-'ioiK'.s, appointed urnjfi ihf act of (.'onirrov'
RDprovfd Marc-h 3,
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Will the honorable Sen-
ator from Tennessee (illnw nieto ask him, whether
these Indian reservations had all been sold, or
whether they were retained by the Indians, at the
lime the depredations were committed.
Mr. BERRIEN. It is stated in the memorial
that they were all sold.
Mr. HUNTER. As the honorable Senator
from Michigan [Mr. Cass] desires to say some-
thing in reply to the arguments of other gentle-
men, and as it is now nearly two o'clock, I pro-
pose that by general consent we pass over the
consideration of this amendment, and take up
some others which are to be proposed.
A Senator. Oh, no; go on with this.
Mr. CASS. I would prefer that the consid-r-
ation of this amendment should be postponed, if
there are other amendments which can be acted
upon as well as to proceed with this. But if the n
Senate prefer it, I will go on now, though from !'
the state of the Senate, and the rain, which renders 11
speaking so difficult, 1 would prefer not to speak j j
to-day. II
Mr. BERRIEN. The Senator from Michigan ||
will recollect, that I have spoken under the same |i
embarrassments. '
Mr. CASS. I am aware of that; I knew at the ]:
time that it was embarrassing. !
Mr. HALE. I would ask from some Senator '
who can give me the information, who favors this !
amendment—and I presume the Senator from Ala- j
bama [Mr. Clkmens] can answer my inquiry— '
whether the policy of the General Government, :
in extinguishing the titles to the Indian reserva-
tions, was not a policy which was urged by the
Governor of Alabama"?
Mr. CLEMENS. I do not believe the Gov- ■
ernor of Alabama had anything to do with it; but
I know some members of Congress had. '
Mr. BERRIEN. I can answer the inquiry of ,
the Senator from New Hampshire, so far as re- |
garded the first treaty. That which extinguished i
the Indian title withm the limits of Georgia, was j
the result of an obligation entered into by the Gen-
eral Government as long ago as 1802, by which {
they bound themselves to extinguish the Indian '
title to those lands, in part consideration of the j
cession made by the State of Georgia to the Uni- j
ted States territory lying between the Chatahoo- i
chee and Mississippi rivers.
Mr. HUNTER. I would suggest, as the hou- I
orable Senator from Arkansas [Mr. Borland] has
not finished his speech upon the amendment re- ;
lating to the Collins line of steamers, that he
would probably be willing to do so now. '
Mr. BORLAND. I am not anxious to go on; \
but 1 am willing to do so to accommodate the Sen- I
ate, as the Senate was kind enough, the other day, !
to postpone its consideration in courtesy to me.
I am, perhaps,as well prepared to go on as I shall '
be at any time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in J
the chair.) The oending question is on the i
amendment of the Senator from Tennessee. ]
Mr. HUNTER. I ask the general consent of
: the Senate to lay it aside for the purpose of allow-
ing the honorable Senator from Arkansas to go on
with his remarks.
There being no objection, the pending amend-
ment was laid aside, and the Senate resumed the j
consideration of the amendment in relation to the j
Collins line of steamers. ,
Mr. BORLAND continued, and concluded the :
speech upon this amendment, which he com- ;
menced on Wednesday last against the increased
appropriation. He spoke until a late hour, and i
when he concluded the Senate ail]Ourned. j
[Mr. B.'s speech will be found m the Apoen- 1
dix.]
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
; AIonday, May 17, 1852.
The House met at twelve o 'clock, m.
The Journal of Thursday last was read and ap-
proved.
TERRITORIAL BUSINESS.
Mr. CLARK. I ask the unanimous consent of'
the House to offer a resolution.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Iowa
asks general consent to offer a resolution, which
will be read for the information of the House.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I rise to a question of
order. By a resolution of this House, this week
was set apnrtforthe transaction of territorial busi-
ness—the entire week, without regard to what
that business was, or what other question might
be before the House. The point of order I make
! is this: that unless the special order is deferred,
, no other business except that can, under the order
1 previously made, be transacted. I desire also to
stare, that it is important we should have the op-
portunity of making reports from the committees
first; that we should then have an opportunity to
| go to tlie business on the Speaker's table, in order
; that we may place that business in a shape that it
! can be reached, and disposed of. If that be done,
\ 1 hope and believe we shall be enabled to dispose ,
| of It all during this dav and to-morrow.
! The SPEAKER. 'The order of the House i
upon this subject is as follows: " That the third
week in April"—afterwards changed to May—7
" or so much thereof as may be necessary for that
' purpose, is set apart for the consideiation of ter-
' ritorial business; and that during that time such
' business shall take precedence, and be regarded
' as the special order." The Clerk informed me
that, within his recollection, it has been the prac-
tice of this body to receive reports from standing
committees on the Territories. I must confess, I
could not decide in favor of the right, under the
rule, of that committee to report, believing that
the special order, in regard to territorial business,
embraces such only as is within the possession of •
the House.
Mr. RICHARDSON. If the Chair will in-
dulge me a moment, I will say, that this is an im-
portant matter for the Territories. The order
which has been made by the House does not de-
termine where the business is. The entire week is
set apart, if necessary, for the purpose of trans-
acting the business in relation to the Territories,
and the first question that comes up is the call of
the committees for reports in relation to territorial
business.
The SPEAKER. Upon the presumption that
such has been the practice of the "House, the
Chair will not change that practice, and will re-
ceive reports in relation to territorial business
from the Committee on the Territories and other
committees, unless the House order otherwise.
Mr. CLARK. I wish to inquire if it would not
be in order, in case there is an objection to the
resolution I desire to offer, to move a suspension
of the rules, for the purpose of introducing it ?
The SPEAKER. Under the practice of the
House, the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Rich-
ardson,] under the operation of the special order,
would have the floor, and could take it from the
gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Clark.]
Mr. CLARK. For the mere purpose of making
reports ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair considers the right
of the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Richardson]
under the practice of the House, very clear, to
occupy the floor, in preference to any other gen-
tleman, unless to offer some matter territorial in
its character.
Mr. CLARK. Do I understand the Speaker to
mean that includes all reports and orders in refer-
ence to Territories ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair so decides.
Mr. FAULKNER. I rise to inquire if it is in
order to make a report from the Committee on
Roads and Canals—-a report in reference to terri-
tories ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that all
matters of business clearly relating to the Terri-
tories, would be in order from any one of the
committees. The gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Richardson,] however, has the floor.
Mr. RICHARDSON. In relation to that mat-
ter, I wish to say—as the matter has come up—
that I shall oppose the introduction of anything
which does not relate exclusively to Territories.
If any matter proposed to be introduced relates to
other subjects, I shall oppose it; but if it relates ex-
clusively to Territories, it ought to come in.
iVtr. FAULKNER. Mine relates to territorial
business.
Mr. RICHARDSON, from the Committee 011
theTerntories, reported a bill to authorize the legis-
lati'. e authorities of the several Territories to con-
trol the appropriations to be made by Congress
lor the support of said Territories; which was
read a first and second time by its title, referred to
the Committee of the Whole 011 the state of the
Union, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. U. also, from the same committee, reported
a joint resolution to change the name of St. Peter's
river, in the Territory of Minnesota, which was
read a first and second time by its title.
Mr. RICHARDSON. As this is a matter in
which nobody is interested, except the people of
the Territory of Minnesota, I move to put the
resolution upon its passage.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. Let the reso-
lution be read.
The resolution, which was read through, pro-
vides that the St. Peter's river, shall hereafter be
known and designated on the records of that Ter-
ritory as the " Minnesota river."
The resolution was then ordered to a third read-
ing, and havingbeen read a third time, was passed.
