THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT .WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $3 FOR THIS SESSION.
32d Congress, 1st Session.
FRIDAY, AUGUST 20, 1852.
New Series No 141.
The SPEAKER announced that the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Olds,] as chairman of the com-
mittee who had reported the bill, was entitled to
one hour to close the discussion.
Mr. FOWLER. Will my colleague, the chair- '
man of the committee, allow me one third of his
time to defend the minority report ?
Mr. OLDS. How much of the morning hour
is left, Mr. Speaker?
The SPEAKER. Twenty-one minutes.
Mr. FOWLER. Will you allow me fifteen
minutes?
Mr. OLDS. If the House assents to the prop-
osition, I will do so with pleasure.
Mr. FOWLER, I understood the gentleman
gave way.
Mr. OLDS. I find there are many gentlemen
near me who object to that course.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman from Ohio
is not ready to proceed this morning, and if he
will yield the floor, will it be in order now to pro-
ceed to other business?
The SPEAKER. By unanimous consent that
can be done.
[Loud cries of "Object!"]
Mr. OLDS. I prefer yielding the balance of
the morning hour, and closing discussion to-mor-
row morning.
Mr. FOWLER. Will the gentleman allow me
ten minutes of his time?
[Cries of " Object!"]
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman from Ohio
says he is not ready to proceed in the discussion
of the matter.
Mr. CARTTER. The minority of the com-
mittee have not yet been heard at all.
Mr. FOWLER. 1 am sure the chairman of
the committee will allow me fifteen minutes. The
minority have not been heard at all.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. That is right. Let
him be heard in the balance of the morning hour.
Mr. OLDS. I am not prepared to go on with
my remarks this morning. I am desirous to place
this case before the House, but still! will proceed
this morning, if it is the pleasure of the House,
with the few remarks I have to make.
Mr. FOWLER. Do I understand the chair-
man to give me a few minutes?
Mr. OLDS. The gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia, [Mr. Stevens,] as well as my colleague upon
the committee, [Mr. Fowler,] are both anxious to
occupy a portion of the time. I will give each of
them fifteen minutes, if the House will agree to
it.
The SPEAKER. That arrangement can be
made by unanimous consent.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Georgia. I object.
Mr. FOWLER. Then, as a last resort, will the
chairman allow me to ask the privilege of present-
ing my remarks ?
Mr. OLDS. Certainly.
Mr. FOWLER. I will then present my re-
marks. [See Appendix.]
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Is it in or-
der to move to reconsider the vote upon seconding
the demand for the previous question ?
The SPEAKER. It would be in order if the
fentleman could obtain the floor for that purpose,
ut the gentleman from Ohio is now upon the
floor.
Mr. STEVENS. I am very anxious to occupy
ten minutes. I hope the gentleman will allow the
previous question to be reconsidered. I will call
it when I have done.
Mr. OLDS. I will leave the matter entirely in
the hands of the House. I am anxious to close
the debate, but the question is not with me at all,
it is with the House.
Mr. ALLISON. I hope the gentleman from
Ohio will yield to my colleague who wishes to
address the House for a few moments upon this
subject. It will be remembered that there have
been but two speeches upon the other side of the
question, and I think the House should extend
ihat courtesy to my colleague which has never
been denied before. This is a matter of very great
importance to the people of Pennsylvania, and I
141
hope the courtesy will be extended to my col-
league.
Mr. OLDS. Well, sir, I have offered to divide
the loaf with my friends upon the other side of the
House. The objection comes not from me, but
from other members of the House.
Mr. POLK, i insist that the gentleman from
Ohio shall proceed to speak or let some one else
do so.
Mr. OLDS commenced his speech in favor of the
bill, maintaining that in its passage there was no
conflict between Congress and the decision of the
Supreme Court, declaring this bridge a nuisance.
Mr. HENN. Has the morning hour expired?
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. HENN. Then 1 move to proceed to the
business on the Speaker's table.
The motion was agreed to.
CLOSE OP DEBATE.
Mr. HOUSTON. Will it be in order for me
now to call up the resolution which I offered yes-
terday, to close debate on the naval appropriation
bill, and which was pending when the House ad-
journed?
The SPEAKER. In the opinion of the Chair,
it is m order,
Mr. HOUSTON. Then I call up that resolu-
tion, and modify it so as to close the debate in
thirty minutes after the committee shall resume
the consideration of the bill. I move the previous
question on the adoption of the resolution.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The question was then taken; and the resolu-
tion was adopted.
Mr. HOUSTON moved that the vote by which
the resolution was adopted be reconsidered, and
that the motion to reconsider do lie upon the table;
which latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. I now move that the rules
be suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. The effect of
that motion, if adopted, will be to postpone the
consideration of the report of the Committee on
Printing, which is the business regularly before
the House. I call for the yeas and nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. STANTON demanded tellers upon the
yeas and nays; but they were not ordered.
Mr. Houston's motion was then agreed to.
NAVY APPROPRIATION BILL.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Fxcklin in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of House bill No. 240, making appro-
priations for the Naval service for the year ending
the 30th June, 1853; and the gentleman from New
Jersey [Mr. Skklton] is entitled to the floor.
[A message was here received from the Senate,
by the hands of Asbury Dickins, its Secretary,
informing the House of the passage, by that body,
of the following bills, viz:
House bill No. 257, to amend an act entitled
" An act to settle and adjust the expenses of the
people of Oregon, in defending themselves from
attacks and hostilities of the Cayuse Indians, in
the years 1847 and 1848," approved February
14th, 1851;
House bill No. 176, for the relief of David
Murphy;
Senate bill No. 508, for the settlement of a cer-
tain class of private land claims within the limits
of the D'Auterive claim, and for allowing pre-
emption to certain purchasers and actual settlers,
in the event of the final adjudication of the title
of the said D'Auterive in favor of the United
States, and for other purposes; and
Senate bill No. 28, granting to the State of
Michigan the right of way and a donation of public
land, for the construction of a ship canal around
the Fails of St. Mary's, in said State.]
Mr. SKELTON. Mr. Chairman, I request
the indulgence of the House for a few moments
to allow me to make some remarks upon the
amendment placed in the hands of the Clerk last
evening. The great importance of this amend-
ment is my only apology for occupying the time
of this committee at this late period of the session
and under the present pressure of business.
The amendment which I have proposed to offer
to this bill is in the precise language of a resolu-
tion passed by the Senate a few weeks since, and
which is now on the Speaker's table. The reso-
lution received the unanimous recommendation of
the Committee on Naval Affairs in the Senate,
and passed that body without opposition. I un-
derstand the Naval Committee of the House
agreed upon reporting favorably upon the resolu-
tion. Certainly the majority, if not the whole
committee, were favorable to the object of this
amendment, as I am informed by the chairman of
that committee, [Mr. Stanton.]
The amendment proposes the construction of a
steamship, which shall be ball and bomb proof,
for harbor defense. It is not necessary that I
should speak to you, upon this occasion, of the
consummate ability of Robert Stevens for the
purpose of engaging in such an enterprise as this.
This gentleman, sir, is well known to most of the
people of the United States. He is, at least, well
known to the mechanics and engineers as one of
the ablest mechanics and engineers and naval con-
structors in the country. I say his name is too
well known to need any eulogy from me. I pre-
sume he has the entire confidence not only of both
Houses of Congress, but of the people of this en-
tire country, and that there is no one who disputes
his ability to carry out this puipose if he becomes
a contractor with the Government. Mr. Stevens
is no speculator in Government funds. He is a
man wlio has wealth as well as ability, and his
only object in proposing the construction of a ves-
sel of this kind is that he may identify his name
with the history of his country and with the im-
provements and progress of the age in which he
lives. This appears to be his only motive. For
the good of his country he is willing to sacrifice
his ability, his time, and his energy; and to refuse
to pass the amendment or resolution before the
committee, would be an act of the grossest injus-
tice to one of oar ablest, most enterprising, and
most liberal citizens.
The method has already been entered into by
Mr. Stevens for the construction of this vessel.
Much labor, and time, and money has already
been expended by him. He has gone to consider-
able expense to procure materials. He visited Eu-
rope for the purpose of obtaining the materials and
information necessary to carry out the enterprise.
The only thing which has been at all in the way
is the fact that there has been some delay. But it
will be very apparent to every gentleman, upon a
moment's consideration, that delay is necessary,
in carrying out an enterprise of this kind, to in-
sure success. These experiments necessarily re-
quired time and expense.
The only reason urged against carrying out the
contract entered into by this gentleman, by author-
ity of Congress, is, that he did not submit his prop-
osition to the Naval Board of Constructors. Now,
sir, it appears from documents before this House,
before the Senate, and before the country, that his
contract specified and gave the plans upon which
the vessel was to be constructed. What the mo-
tives of the Secretary of the Navy might have
been, in arresting the progress of this work, it is
unnecessary here to discuss, nor do I pretend to
know. It is enough for us to know that the exe-
cution of his contract has been arrested by the
action of the Secretary of the Navy.
Mr. MASON. I understand the gentleman
from New Jersey to say that Mr. Stevens is a
wealthy individual, and only desires to carry out
this enterprise in order to connect his name with
the history of his country and with the progress
of the age. If this is true, I suppose he only re-
quires the sanction of the Government, and not
ail appiopriation of money.
Mr. SKELTON. He only wants the Govern-
ment to pay the actual cost of construction. He
asks no compensation for his own time and labor.
