466
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 4,
The Clerk read the section, as follows:
u 3 Jlnd be it further enacted, That registers and
receivers, whether in or out of office at the passage of this
act or their legal representatives in case of death, shall be
entitled to leceive from the Treasury of the United States,
for services heretofore performed in locating military boun-
ty land warrants, the same rate of compensation provided
in th* preceding section for services hereafter to be per-
formed, after deducting the amount already received by
such officers under the act entitled ' An act to require the
< holders of military land warrants to compensate the land
< officers of the United States for services in relation to the
1 location of those warrants,' approved May seventeenth,
eighteen hundred and forty-eight: Provided, That no je-
gister or receiver shall receive any compensation out of the
Treasury for past services who has charged and received
illegal fees for the location of such warrants: Jlnd provided
further, That no register or receiver shall receive for his
services during any year a greater compensation than the
maximum now allowed by law."
Mr. CAMPBELL. That is the section of the
bill, I apprehend, to which the greatest objection
will be urged. The gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Williams,] whose question I promised to
answer when I took up this section for discussion,
asked me whether there was any contract, either
express or implied, on the part of the Government
to pay these registers and receivers for this service.
Sir, there is that implied contract which is good
in law, between man and man, that where services
are rendered at the request of another, he is bound
in law to pay a reasonable compensation for those
services. That is the ground upon which we ask
that these officers shall be compensated for ser-
vices which they have heretofore rendered.
Mr. CLARK. The gentleman from Tennessee
also asked whether the Taw of 1850 did not actu-
ally prohibit registers and receivers from receiving
compensation ? I answer that the law makes no
such prohibition; it is merely silent on the subject,
and that was unquestionably an oversight.
Mr. CAMPBELL. What was the intention
of the framers of that law is a matter of no im-
portance to me in the discussion of the right now
under consideration. The question which I pre-
sent is, is it right that they should receive this
compensation ? Sir, I do not belong to that class
of men who, in investigating a question of right,
stop to count the dollars and cents which will come
out of the Treasury. I desire first to ascertain
whether it is just, and then the other must follow
as a natural and inevitable consequence.
Mr. FULLER. Did not the laborer who came
in at the eleventh hour receive as much pay as the
one who had labored the whole day?
Mr. CAMPBELL. We are also told that the
just and faithful servant, who knew his master's
will, and did it, received his just reward.
1 desire now to relieve the gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Haiims] of the objection which he
urged to this section of the bill, that the sum to be
paid out of the Treasury of the United States is so
indefinite that it is impossible to calculate the ex-
tent of it. There has been much said upon this
question. Some have rated the amount at $500,000,
and others at a still more exorbitant rate, with-
out, I think, making any calculations from the
correct data which they had in their posses-
sion. I have made an estimate, based upon the
report of the Commissioner of the General Land
Office; it may not be precisely the sum, but it will
vary very little from it, and I will read it for the
information of the committee, and particularly of
those gentlemen who urge this most special objec-
tion to this section of the bill:
Up to November 1, 185], there was located of
Mexican warrants  66,618
It is estimated that out of this number
there was located before May 17,1848,
and for which no compensation was
allowed, say  10,000
That is a very reasonable calculation for the
amount of warrants that were located during the
first year; they were slowly issued and were slow-
ly entered.
Out of the whole number located  66,618
The number of 40 acre warrants are, say 5,018
61,600
Under the act of May 17, 1848, land officers have
received half pay (twenty-five cents each) for
locating 40 acre warrants: there would be due
tor them, therefore, for 40 acre warrants lo-
oted   $2,509
There would be due, under the Senate bill for lo-
cating ten thousand 160 acre warrants up to
May 17,1848, for which land officers have re-
ceived no compensation.  §40,000
There have been located since the passage of the
law of May 17,1848, for which each land officer
has received fifty cents each, the following num-
ber of warrants, say    51,618
There would be due to the officers for locating
that number of warrants under Senate bill,
say $153,854
Add to that sum the balance due for lo-
cating 40 acre warrants and 160 acres,
for which no compensation has been
paid    42,509
Of the new issue of warrants under the
act of September 28, 1850, there have'
been located (say) 3,708 warrants.
Upon these there has been nothing paid.
Aoout one half of this number are 40
acres; one third, 80 acres; one sixth,
160 acres. For locating these warrants
of the last issue at the rate of compen-
sation allowed by Senate bill there
would be due  6,798
>161
Estimated amount to be d educted for those
officers where there have been a great
many warrants located and large cash
entries made, and where the officers
have received already the maximum
allowed by law, say  20,000
Leaving to be paid from the Treasury .. $183,161
These are calculations which I have made, and
which any one who will take the trouble to ex-
amine the report of the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office will find to be correct, within a
very small amount at least, if it Varies at all.
Now, this section of the bill proposes to appro-
priate §183,161 for compensating the public offi-
cers who have discharged faithfully their duties to
the Government. Is that right, or is it wrong? Is
it right when land is entered for money that the
Government should pay a percentage on that land?
Is it right, for the purpose of securing integrity
and competency in those public officers, that they
should receive a just compensation—an equal
reward for the labor they are called upon to dis-
charge? There seems to be some little doubt as
to the reasons which impelled the enactment of
this law, or rather which prevented the insertion
of a provision in that law that these officers should
reeeive an adequate compensation for their ser-
vices. Now, I understand the state of the case to
be this: The Government of the United States in
bestowing the bounty contained in the bill upon
those who had served their country as soldiers, in
all the wars since the Revolution, viewed it in the
light of a gratuity, which was to cost the recipi-
ent nothing, and therefore required the land offi-
cers to perform the labor of locating free of charge,
thereby transferring a duty which belonged to the
Government, to the single shoulders of the poor
officer, and that, too, without fee or compensation
of any kind.
This, in some cases, might be considered a cor-
rect principle; but I think in the present case it is
a misapplication of the principle, if it be a correct
one. It will be observed here, that these public
officers receive their compensation from fees alone.
Now, in making this assertion it may be answered,
that they receive a salary. What is the salary of
one of these officers? Why, it is $500 per annum.
And is the extent of this salary merely, sufficient
to pay their office rent, and their other incidental
expenses connected with their office duties? When
tins system of locating lands by warrants was
adopted by the Government, locations were greatly
increased, and the labor of the officers, as a
matter of course, was greatly increased; at the
same time, many of the officers who I know in
the State of Illinois, as well as in the States of
Iowa and Wisconsin, were compelled to hire ad-
ditional clerks for the purpose of keeping up the
business of their offices. Yet, all they had to pay
this clerk hire with was the $500 which they re-
ceived as salary. And out of that their rent for
offices, and all theirincidental expenses connected
with the business of their offices, was to be paid.
Now, is there any principle in political economy,
is there any principle in morals, that would sus-
tain a Government like this, in requiring these of-
fices or agents to discharge their laborious duties
without giving them a reasonable compensation
for their services ? Is it right, when land is en-
tered with cash, that these officers shall be paid
$2 for each entry out of the Treasury of the Uni-
ted States, but when the Government requires
them to perform a greater amount of labor, that
it should say to them, "We will not pay you any-
thing; and if you do not like it you may resign >"
Magnanimous sentiment! Unanswerable argument t
Profound statesmanship ! that the Government will
not pay these officers for their services, and then
say if they are not sufficiently worthy or philan-
thropic or patriotic to perform the labor without
pay, that they can resign. Why, I tell the gen-
tleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Mason,] that 1 ap-
prehend he can find a plenty of men in his own
State—nay, in his own district, who would wil-
lingly underbid him for the very situation be now
occupies. That policy which looks to the lowest
price, for which high responsible offices m the
country can be filled, is grovelling in its aim,
unstatesman-like in its economy, and in the end
disastrous to the public interest. If you desire to
hold your public officers to a strict accountability;
if you desire to hold them to a high responsibility,
let the Government never adopt the policy of cre-
ating necessity, and then hold up before him the
most alluring temptations. Why, it is said that
many of these officers avail themselves of their
situation and of their position, to speculate in these
warrants. All that may be true. 1 do not pre-
tend to deny that there are men who have dis-
regarded their instructions, who have violated the-
law, and who have made fortunes out of these of-
fices. But is that any reason why a just man,
who has discharged faithfully and honestly the
duties which the law has imposed upon him,
should be made to suffer with the guilty, or that
he should receive nothing for the labor which
he has performed for his Government ?
[Here the hammer fell, the hour having expired.}
Mr. BRENTON. I regretted that the time was
limited for this discussion to so short a period, not
that it was my desire to occupy much of the
time of the committee with any remarks I might
have to make. Far from it. Nor do I desire to
consume a single moment of the present time of
the committee on any subject, other than that now
under consideration. The proposition in this bill
has been correctly stated by the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Campbell.] But there are some im-
portant facts connected with this measure, which
it is important that every member of this com-
mittee should be acquainted with, in order to vote
understanding^ upon its provisions.
I desire to say, as regards the first provision of
the Senate bill, I believe there is no division of
sentiment here. The House has, by a previous
vote, passed almost unanimously upon that prop-
osition, and it is, therefore, unnecessary to discuss
it. But it is mainly with reference to the second
and third sections that objections have been raised.
The ground of that objection will be removed, so
far as the second section is concerned, by the
adoption of the amendment proposed by the gen-
tleman from Illinois, [Mr. Campbell,] providing
for the location of these land warmnts, the per-
son locating them, whether the original warrantee
or the assignee of the warrant, shall pay to these
officers, for the trouble of locating them, thereby
relieving, in all time to come, the Treasury of the
nation from any expense whatever upon the sub-
ject. But lam aware that it has been contended,
and may still be contended by some, that these
officers are not entitled to compensation for the lo-
cation of warrants, notwithstanding that compensa-
tion may be paid by the holders themselves. Now,
any gentleman, having any practical experience in
connection with the operation of our land offices,
or who has for a moment informed himself in ref-
erence to the amount of labor necessary to be per-
formed in the location of warrants, cannot assume
grounds of this character. I speak upon this
question from my own knowledge, that the amoun t
of labor necessarily performed by the officers of
Government in the location of these warrants,
when compared with the labor necessary to dis-
pose of the publicdomain for cash, is, at least three
times as much. And this labor, which the officers
are called upon to perform, requires some compen-
sation at your hands, and the question addresses
itself to every member of this House; and every
member, who will carefully examine the ground
of their application, and Jlie nature of their claims,
