2*242
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 18,
Mr. MASON. I thought he was a wealthy
man, and only wanted to be recognized by the
Government.
Mr. SKELTON. He is wealthy, but not suf-
ficiently so to construct a large naval vessel at his
own expense to be presented to the Government;
nor do I suppose a single man upon this floor
would ask a man of enterprise, if he gives his time
and his great ability to the country without re-
muneration, to do more. That is, certainly, all
that could be asked.
There is no necessity for a doubt of Mr. Ste-
vens's ability to construct a vessel of this kind.
Experiments have already been tried sufficient to
show the feasibility of his plan. His project is
one which can be carried out successfully, though
with great labor. The probable cost would not
exceed $500,000. A large amount of money has
already been expended. This gentleman has not
only expended all the money placed in his hands
by the Government, but he has expended a large
amount of his own private funds in order to ob-
tain the necessary information to enable him to
carry out, successfully^ his enterprise.
Sir, this proposition is an important one to the
interests of our country. We ask not only that
it shall be carried out in order to prevent doing
the greatest injustice to one of the citizens of this
country, but we ask it upon a broader ground.
We ask it for the benefit of the country. We
ask it that our coast may be placed in a situation
of defense that will guaranty our citizens from in-
vasion, and guaranty avast amount of property in
case the country should be invaded by a foreign foe.
The true policy of the country is always to
engage on the defensive. We cannot attempt to
compete with the navies of England and France
upon distant shores. The expense would be too
great; nor do the wants of the country demand
that we should engage in such an enterprise. But
it is due to ourselves and to our own country that
we should place our own shores in defensive posi-
tions, capable of resisting the most powerful forces
that could be sent to invade our borders. This
vessel would have many advantages over the per-
manent fortifications of our country, and at the
same time it would have many advantages, in a
defensive point of view, over any of the lighter
constructions of naval vessels now in existence in
our Navy.
It is proposed that this vessel shall be made en-
tirely indestructible, that no gunnery now in the
possession of any foreign Power should be able
to make any impression upon. She is to be in-
destructible to ball, shot, and bombs.
A vessel of this kind would be exceedingly
valuable in the harbor of New York, where there
is a large amount of property exposed, and where
the fortifications on the shore would not be suffi-
cient to protect the city. In the city of New
York alone, there is property, shipping, and real
estate, to the amount of a $1,000,000,000 ; and I
ask you, Mr. Chairman, what there is to pre-
vent a powerful naval force of steamers from ap-
proaching the shores, and throwing their bomb-
shells into the city, and destroying the whole town
by conflagration ? Steamships can approach these
Bhores, and pass, in a few minutes of time, the
stationary batteries; but suppose we had a vessel
of this kind, it would not only defend the harbor,
but it could be brought to defend our shores in
any location. It would not only save our cities
from destruction, but our shores from invasion.
Its power would be sufficient to breakup the most
powerful fleet which could be thrown upon our
coast. Imagine this vessel sailing out of the port
of New York, when that port was blockaded by
a powerful naval force, lying off the Straits.
Every vessel she ran into would be immediately
sunk. In addition to her great defensive power,
she would have strength sufficient to sink any ves-
sel with which she came in contact. Her pow-
er would be sufficient to sink the most powerful
navy that could be cast upon our coast. By her
powers of locomotion, she could defend the sea-
board where wanted, and could defend our harbors
where such an immense amount of property is lo-
cated. I ask gentlemen to consider the large ex-
tent of sea-coast, and the number of harbors in
which an enemy could land at any time. There
is not a single fortification upon our shores that
would prevent it, and it is not likely that this Gov-
ernment will ever attempt to protect them by*per-
manent fortifications.
Sir,, the true policy of our country is peace;
and in order that we may be able to maintain
peace and promote the interests of our growing
country, it is necessary that we should be fortified
in such a way as to destroy the possibility of our
shores being invaded. While itis ourtrue policy
to remain at peace with all the world, and foster
the arts of industry, and extend our commerce,
it is in vain to close our eyes to the fact that the
monarchs of Europe look upon this country with
a jealous eye. Our example of unparalleled pros-
perity, our example of self-government and inde-
pendence, has awakened a spiritof liberty through-
out the world, and the monarchs of Europe look
with a jealous eye upon our prosperity because it
sows the seeds of republicanism upon their own
shores, and endangers the permanency of their own
political institutions; and if the opportunity should
ever present itself to overthrow our liberties, the
monarchs of Europe would combine against our
institutions, and our country; and the only way,
sir, that we can maintain peace and our independ-
ence, and preserve our living example of pros-
perity and happiness, is to be placed in a perma-
nently defensive state.
I see in this morning's paper, that France,
whether true or not I cannot say, is already invi-
ting a conference of the combined powers of Eu-
rope to resist the aggressions of the United States
upon Mexico. What, sir, does this mean? Does
not it show to us plainly and distinctly that there
is a jealousy burning upon the continent of Europe
that will, whenever a suitable opportunity presents,
attempt to involve us m a war for the purpose of
destroying our prosperity?
The improvements in steam navigation during
the present age have gone forward with such
rapidity, and multiplied to such an extent, that
the warfare of the world has almost entirely
changed. The implements of war have been made
every day more destructive, and the increased
rapidity of navigating the ocean by the application
of .steam, has brought our continent within a very
close distance to the shores of Europe; and as
these improvements go forward, and our contact
is brought closer and closer with the continent of
Europe, so, sir, will be the increased facilities to
invade our shores in a momentwhen weare found
unprepared and in a defenseless condition.
So early as 1805 you will find, by looking over
the messages of President Jefferson, that the
mind of that sagacious statesman was directed to
the necessity of some auxiliary defensive power,
to the permanent fortifications, upon our coast;
and in reference to this subject it will be remem-
bered that his proposition was to build gun-boats,
a proposition which was not carried successfully
into practice; but it established this fact, that there
appeared at that time, to the mind of that saga-
cious statesman, to be a necessity for some further
defensive power beyond that of permanent bat-
teries upon our sea-board.
Notwithstanding this proposition of gun-boats
has failed, the proposition now presented by this
gentleman from New Jersey appears to be one cal-
culated to answer the purposes contemplated at
that early day. No individual at all acquainted
with the naval affairs of the world, or to the means
resorted to in hostile combat, can for a moment
doubt the absolute necessity of better fortifications
for our sea-board.
In addition to this fact, it contains other elements
which recommend it to the attention and support
of this House. It is not only the most effective
method of defending our shores, but is the cheapest
method. A floating battery of itself can cost but
very little more than a stationary battery upon
any particular point, and it has this advantage,
that it can be changed from post to post, and can
supply the place of a large number of expensive
batteries upon land. I say it not only combines
cheapness, but it combines cheapness and effi-
ciency together, which is what the people of this
country desire in carrying forward her system of
defenses.
The great danger to this country is from sudden
invasion of our soil. There is no risk of an ene-
my's ever gaining a permanent footing upon our
shore, if time is allowed for defensive measures
for expelling them. The rapid increase of rail-
roads throughout our country afford facilities for
throwing upon any particular point of the country
a strong force for defensive purposes, in a very
short space of time. What we want is something
that can be brought to act immediately in case of
sudden invasion. We want to prevent a sudden
incursion upon our soil, to the destruction of vast
amounts of property. We have an illustration of
the necessity of this in the burning of our Capitol
in the war of 1812, when the British forces came
suddenly upon the Capitol of our country; and be-
fore the freemen of the nation had time to rally for
defensive purposes, our public buildings and our
public records were consumed. It is to prevent
the recurrence of such a catastrophe that this
proposition is proposed to be carried out. It is to
defend our shores from sudden invasion, and to
prevent the destruction of vast amounts of prop-
erty, as well as of human life.
I will not occupy the attention of the committee
at this late period of the session by any lengthy
discussion of this subject. I felt that it was due
to myself, and to the State I represent, that it was
due to the great importance of this proposition
that some remarks should be made upon the sub-
ject.
I will close by simply remarking, that this pre-
sents a proposition which appears to be the pecu-
liar want of the country at the present time. It
proposes to change the method of defense upon
our sea-coast, in a manner most effectual and the
cheapest of any that has ever been presented to
the country. And in the well-known character of
the individual engaged in this enterprise, we have
a guarantee that this contract will not only be car-
ried out faithfully to the letter, but the country
will be put into a state of defense by the best
means that can be obtained from any source.
With these remarks I close, by merely asking
the attention of the House to this subject, and that
they will give it that consideration which its im-
portance demands at their hands.
Mr. HOUSTON- I should like, if the time
would allow me to do so, to reply especially to
that part of the remarks of my friend from Ten-
nessee, [Mr. Stanton,] delivered yesterday, re-
lating to navy-yards and marine hospitals. I
think that the injustice which he did to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means—unintentionally I
have no doubt—was in regard to some facts con-
nected with their action in relation to those yards
and hospitals. The Committee of Ways and
Means, in every solitary case where they made a
reduction upon the estimates, reduced the items,
and took off a corresponding amount from the ag-
gregate estimate of the Department in regard to the
hospitals.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. The gentle-
man will do me the justice to admit that I con-
ceded that fact in reference to the navy-yards; and
if I was mistaken in regard to the hospitals, it was
an oversight upon my part.
Mr. HOUSTON. I was going to say that in
some instances we reduced the amount, but it was
where we thought it could fairly and properly be
done. The gentleman speaks of the item of
$1,333,333 33| for increase and repair in the Navy.
I addressed a communication to the Secretary of
the Navy on that subject, requesting to know
whether under it he in truth proposed to increase
the Navy. His reply is as follows:
Navy "Department, ?
Bureau of Construction, etc., March 3, 1832. y
Sxr • Your letter of the 27ih ultimo, requesting inform-
ation m relation to the estimates from this Bureau for the
fiscal year ending June 30,1853, has been received.
The estimate was directed to be made the same in amount
as that prepared and granted for the year 1852. When it
was contemplated that to keep the squadron afloat there
would be requited for repair?, including equipment and
«tores; an amount of  $770,000
The contracts for the year for supples amounted
to  250,000
For coal    220,000
For hemp  325,000
$1,365,000
Being $388,000 Jess than for the year previous. There was
no estimate for the increase; and the amount for repairs is
variable, depending upon the particular ships it became
necessary to repair. " Armament" is not included in the
estimate for this Bureau.
Respectfully, your obedient servant,
W. B. SHUBRIUK, Chief of Bureau,
Hon. G. S. Houston,
Chairman of Committee of Ways and Means.
He shows that the whole item was intended for
other things than the building of vessels.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I have been
instructed by the Committee on Naval Affairs to
move after the following:
(C For pay of superintendents, naval constructor, and all
