1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2-243
the civil establishments at the seveial navy-yaids and sta-
tions, $90,960"—
The addition of the following amendment:
<l And the Navy agent at Memphis, for the time during
which he has perfmmed or may perform the duties of purs-
er, in addition to his own, shall be allowed and paid the
annual salarv of a purser on duty at navy-yards of the sec-
ond cldss, which shall not be in addition to "his commission,
but in lieu thereof."
Mr. Chairman, the reason for offering that
amendment, is, that for several years past, for
want of pursers in the navy, it has been neces-
sary to impose the duties of that office upon the
Navy agent at Memphis, and a regular "appropri-
ation has been made for the pay of the purser at
that yard. It is well known to the committee
that the commission of the Navy agent upon his
disbursements is one per cent. The appropria-
tions for the navy-yard at Memphis have been
small, and the commissions, under the peculiar
circumstance?? of the case, have amounted to a very
small sum. I have a statement from the Depart-
ment in reference to that fact. The Navy agent
at Memphis gives a bond to the amount of $50,000,
and he not only performs the duties of Navy agent,
but those of a purser. We ask for him not the
the salaries of both of the offices, but the salary
of the best office for discharging the duties of
both. I think that is reasonable. I have in my
possession a letter from the Secretary of the Navy,
distinctly recommending this amendment.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not exactly understand
the amendment submitted by the gentleman from
Tennessee. The amendment proposes, as I un-
derstand, to give the Navy agent at Memphis the
two salaries.
Mr. STANTON. No, sir, it is to give him
one salary for performing the duties of the two
offices. That is all. Even of the small amounts
appropriated for this yard, large sums within a
few years past have been paid out at Boston. I
believe not less than $140,000 have been thus ex-
pended, taking from the Navy agent commissions
which ought to have accrued to him to the amount
of $1,400. But at the same time his duties have
not been lessened. He has still had all the con-
tractsjto make, and all the business to perform,
with the single exception of paying out the money.
There is not another Navy agent in the United
States who does not receive his $2,000, with vari-
ous other advantages not enjoyed by the officer at
Memphis.
Mr. HOUSTON. That amendment is, at least,
objectionable in its present form. The pay of
purser is $2,000.
Mr. PRICE. Thepay of a purser is graduated
by the class of vessel on board of which he serves,
and thepay of aNavy agentaccording to the class
of navy-yards of which he is agent.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. What is the
pay of agent ?
Mr. HOUSTON. One per cent, upon his dis-
bursments. I have no showing of the amount he
receives. This amendment proposes to make the
compensation of the Navy agent equal to that of a
purser. By the same process of reasoning, it may
be made necessary for us to change the compensa-
tion of Navy agents at all our navy-yards.
Mr. STANTON. There is not another Navy
agent in the United States that does not get the
full amount allowed him by law—$2,000—except
the Navy agent at Memphis. He gives a bond of
$50,000. I have the statement of the Department
in rny possession. The amount he receives is now
about $1,000 per annum. He is performing the
duties of both officers—Navy agent and purser—
but we do not ask that he shall have the salaries
of both officers, but only the salary of one.
Mr. HOUSTON. This proposition is to give
this Navy agent the salary of a purser. Upon
what ground is it based ? That his receipts under
one office, which are always regulated by his
duties, do not give him the ultimatum of com-
pensation allowed to Navy agents. I understand
Navy agents get one per cent., until their compen-
sation reaches $2,000. They get no more than
that upon their disbursements. If the disburse-
ments are small here, as a matter of course, it
shows that the office is unimportant, and not very
responsible. The compensation of Navy agents,
above all other officers of this Government, is reg-
ulated by the duties discharged. They are com-
pensated according to the amount of disburse-
ments. Then, I am told, there is the additional
duties of purser. Why is it that there is no purser
at the navy-yard at Memphis?
Mr. STANTON. Because there are not enough
in the Navy.
Mr. HOUSTON. Not enough to put one at
that yard? If the low authorized a purser there,
I take it for granted that one would be placed
there.
Mr. STANTON. The number is limited by
law.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then the number is limited
by law. The lawful number are in commission,
and if none has been placed at Memphis, it shows
that that navy-yard is the least important of all.
My friend says that it is of importance, and can-
not be dispensed with. Then you have the duties
of two unimportant offices discharged by one man,
and we are asked to give additional compensation
to the officer for the performance of a little over
his ordinary duty.
Mr. GENTRY. I move to put the Navy agent
at Memphis on the same footing as the purser at
the Brooklyn navy-yard. I offer the amendment
for the purpose of stating the facts of this case,
and the merits of the proposition submitted by
the chairman of the Committee on Naval Affairs.
The duties of a purser must, to some extent, be
performed at the Memphis navy-yard. The duties
of a Navy agent must be performed there; and
though the disbursements in either of these official
characters may not be very large, yet they are suf-
ficiently large to make it indispensable to have
some responsible officer of business qualifications
there, to attend when such duties have to be per-
formed. The officer must be there, and occasion-
ally his services cannot be dispensed with. Owing
to the deficiency in the number of pursers, there
is none at the Memphis navy-yard. Consequent-
ly the duties of purser have devolved, by order of
the Department, upon the Navy agent. The sums
disbursed by him are not sufficient in magnitude
to make the one per cent, commission constitute
even a fair compensation for the performance of
the duties of either one of these officials. It is
proposed he shall permanently perform the duties
of both, and receive the compensation which the
purser at the navy-yard at Pensacola receives,
which is $2,000 annually. That is the compen-
sation, I believe, contemplated for the pursers at
all of our navy-yards. He is to receive the salary
of a purser so long as he performs the duties ap-
pertaining to the office. If there be an increase in
the number of pursers, he falls back upon the
character of Navy agent. The amendment of my
colleague is reasonable, and I trust the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means will not
object to it. I withdraw the amendment I have
submitted.
The question was put upon the amendment of
Mr. Stanton; and, on a division, there were—
ayes 37 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, demanded tell-
ers; which were ordered; and Messrs. Howard
and Taylor were appointed.
The question was again taken, and the amend-
ment was agreed to; the tellers having reported—
ayes 77, noes not counted.
Mr. PRICE. I submit the following amend-
ment, to come in at the end of the twenty-fifth line:
And that the Secietary of the Navy be, and heibheie-
by, authorized and required to have completed, without
unnecessary delay, the war-steamer contracted for with
Robert L. Stevens, m purbuance of an act of Congress
passed April 14th, 1842.
I offer this amendment with preat confidence
that it will meet with almost unanimous approval.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. I submit to the Chair, whether a
proposition in this appropriation bill to build war
vessels is in order. The 81st rule will exclude it.
Mr. PRICE. This is already authorized by
law; and I believe that there can be no question
of order raised on that point.
Mr. HOUSTON. There is a bill reported
from the Senate for this same thing, which shows
that they do not propose to put it in the appro-
priation bill; and my recollection is, that we never
have in any case, certainly in very few, if any,
authorized the building of any vessels by provis-
ion in a regular appropriation bill.
Mr. PRICE. This is authorized by a joint
resolution of both Houses of Congress.
Mr. HOUSTON. That joint resolution has
expired, or been rescinded.
Mr. PRICE. No, sir; I beg your pardon. The
I joint resolution is now in force. The only ques-
' tion at issue between Mr. Stevens and the Secre-
tary of the Navy is, who has stopped the progress
of the work ? This amendment is only to direct
the Secretary of the Navy to prosecute the work
to its fulfillment. That is all.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would remark
to the gentleman from New Jersey, [Mr. Price,]
that the question of order having been raised, the
decision of the Chair will depend somewhat on
the law referred to.
Mr. PRICE. The resolution to which I referred
passed in 3842.
Mr. HOUSTON. The joint resolution of 1842
authorized a contract here. As I understand the
facts—and some of them are derived from the
proposition itself—the Secretary of the Navy De-
partment determined that the contract had not
been complied with, and was by lum rescinded or
refused to be carried out, because of the failure of
Mr. Stevens to comply with it. It has remained
so for some ten years, without being brought up,
or seriously pressed upon either branch of Con-
gress. It has expired. It was decided to have
been a failure on the part of the contractor, and
as such the work has been stopped.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I will suggest an-
other point.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I was about
to say, that the facts stated by the gentleman from
Alabama [Mr. Houston] are disputed, and differ-
ent from what has been stated.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman will not dis-
pute that the facts which I have §tated are true—
that the Secretary of the Navy so reported them,
as I have stated?
Mr. STANTON. I admit that. I rise for the
purpose of suggesting to my friend from New
Jersey, [Mr. Price,] that he will withdraw his
amendment for the present, and I will submit the
amendment which J proposed yesterday. I in-
tended to present it at this place. Jt will present
the question of order in a more favorable shape,
if he will postpone it until the question is decided
upon the amendment which I hold in my hands.
It is possible, that it may be brought up under
more favorable circumstances.
Mr. PRICE. At the suggestion of my friend,
I will withdraw it.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I send to the
Clerk's desk, the amendment I proposed upon
yesterday. I think that, upon tne question of
order, there can be no doubt:
Provided^ That hereafter, whenever a vessel in ordinary
shall be so much decayed that the expenditures required to
repair and equip her, shall be estimated to exceed two
thuds of her original cost, it shall not be lawful to repair
such vessel; but she'••hall be sold, and the proceeds Applied
to the construction of a new vessel in her stead. And the
Secretary of the Navy shall cause to be built a vessel-of-
war whose fiaine shall be ot white-oak, and ot the best and
most approved model for sailing, to be fittod with auxiliary
steam power, and to be armed exclusively with the heaviest
and most destructive ordnance, which, according to recent
improvements, it ls possible to cariy with safety and serve
with pflicieney at sea. And to this ohjoct shall be applied,
in addition to such sum as may be conveniently spared
Irom the foregoing appropriation, any unexpended balance
remaining in the Treasury to the credit of similar appro-
priations for former years.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. The amendment is not in order,
as I think, because it proposes to change the gen-
eral law by a provision in an appropriation bill,
by providing that no ship in ordinary shall here-
after be repaired.
Mr. STANTON. When the expenditures cost
moie than two thirds of the original construction.
Mr. JONES. Under those conditions they are
not to be repaired. I think the amendment changes
the whole general law. It is out of order upon
that ground. Again, it provides for the building
of new ships not authorized by any existing law,
and therefore it is out of order upon that ground;
and because it proposes permanent legislation in
an item of an appropriation bill. Either one of
these points will rule it out of order.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I beg leave to remind the
gentleman over the way, that we have never had
a single session of Congress that we have not made
important changes of law in the appropriation bills.
I am sure his recollection will bear me out. I refer
him to the bounty land law, and various other
laws that we have passed in similar appropriation
biils. Then, m relation to the other point, I take
it that we are not to introduce a bill, and pass a
