1852.
THE' CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
469
an appropriation shall be made for that purpose.
I have also a letter from the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, and a letter from the principal architect, rec-
ommending this course. Very strong reasons are
given "why this course should be pursued, as well
on account of the public interest as from a regard
to the condition of these people. I desire that the
petition may be read.
The Secretary read it accordingly. The me-
morialists represent that they came to "Washing-
ton for the purpose of being employed on the
extension of the wings of the United States Cap-
itol, arid many of them, relying with confidence
on the Government, brought with them their fami-
lies. They are mechanics and laboring men, upon
whom the responsibility of a family depends.
They look to Congress alone for relief, by allow-
ing ihem on their own responsibility to continue
at work during the winter, with a view to the
future action of Congress.
The letter from the Secretary of the Interior,
the Hon. A. H. H. Stuart, and the letter of the
Architect, Mr. T. IT. Walter, were also read.
Mr. CASS. I hold in my hand a joint resolu-
tion in relation to this subject, which I hope the
Senate will consider at this time.
Mr. HUNTER. Let it be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives,
#c.. That the Aielutect of the Capitol, under the direction
of the Secretary of tlie Interior, be and he hereby is author-
ized to continue in employment s>o many of the mechanics,
kiboier«, and othei-* employed in the constitution of the
wings oi the Capitol, as may be necessary, provided such
person^ as irtav be employed under the authouty of this
resolution consent to wait for their pay any appropriation
which may be hereafter made by Congress foi that purpose.
Mr. CASS. I will merely remark, that that
resolution was prepared by the Committee on Pub-
lic Buildings of the other House. A similar one
is pending in Committee of the Whole in that
House; but it is doubtful when it will come up.
They therefore wished me to introduce it in the
Senate. I hope there will be no objection to it.
The PRESIDENT. It requires the unanimous
consent of the Senate to introduce the resolution
at this time, notice not having been given.
Mr. HUNTER. I do not object to the object
of the resolution, because 1 concur with the Sen-
ator from Michigan in regard to it; but I would
suggest to him whether it would not be better to
refer it to the Committee on Public Buildings.
Mr. CASS. I suggested that course, but the
chairman of the committee of the other House
thought it unnecessary.
Mr. HUNTER. If that is the opinion of the
chairman 1 will not press it.
Mr. CASS. I so understood him. The Sena-
tor from Illinois was present, and can bear wit-
ness to it.
Mr. SHIELDS. I was spoken to this morn-
ing by the Architect, and also by the chairman of
the Committee on Public Buildings of the other
House in regard to the subject. They were ex-
tremely anxious that this resolution should be
passed this morning; and I hope that, under the
peculiar circumstances of the case, there will be
no objection to it.
Mr. BORLAND. I wish to say a word why
I shall object at this time. If I understand this
matter, a committee has been appointed by the
other House to investigate the subject, and see
whether it is proper that the work should go on at
all. Therefore, I think it is improper at this time
to pass a resolution requiring the work to be con-
tinued.
Mr. CASS. The honorable Senator from Ar-
kansas is under a misapprehension. There has
been no commit^e appointed by the other House
to investigate the subject. It is under the charge
of the Committee on Public Buildings, and the
chairman of that committee was here this morning
and expressed a hope that this resolution would
be passed.
The PRESIDENT. It cannot be received as
objection has been made. Is any motion made
with regard to the memorial ?
Mr. SHIELDS. I move that the memorial and
papers be referred to the Committee on Public
Buildings.
The motion was agreed to.
EXPLOSION OF STEAM-BOILERS.
Mr. SHIELDS. I am requested to present the
memorial of Alfred Guthrie. The memorial is
one which treats of the explosion of steam boil-
| ers. I will state its object briefly. This man has
I devoted about twenty years of his life to this sub-
Iject. He is a man of a strong, practical, and
■ scientific mind; and he presents a treatise and a
! scheme by which "he hopes to reliexe, id some
j measure, the public from those disasters which are
! so common. I have examined his scheme, and I
j confess I have been struck with astonishment atit.
: It has been submitted also to the honorable Sen-
\ ator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Davis,] and some
! of the most scientific men m this city. This man
does not come forward to ask for any appropria-
tion; but his object is to lay the result of a life of
labor, upon this ail-important subject, before the
public. He has begged me to present this memo-
rial, and also his treatise, which imbodies the re-
sult of the experiments of a life of one of the
most remarkable men perhaps nowin our country,
i so far as this subject is concerned. He has been
; employed in my own State, and the honorable
J Senator from Massachusetts can bear me witness,
! that at a time when we hardly knew what to do in
relation to our canals, when we depended upon the
rivers for a sufficient supply of water, this4 man,
then comparatively unknown,-stepped in and pro-
posed that water should be supplied from the lake.
Al first he was laughed at, but the proposition has
been carried out, and has been eminently success-
ful. I hold in my hand his treatise. It has been
submitted to the mostscientificgentlemenin Wash-
ington—Colonel Abert and others—and, as far as
lean learn, they pronounce it to be a most remark-
able result of a life of labor and experiment in this
matter, and as calculated to relieve us, in a great
measure, from those disasters which have been of
such frequent occurrence in the country. All that
I ask, and I hope and trust that it will be granted,
is, that the Committee on Printing will direct that
this will be printed, and laid on the tables of the
Senate, that each Senator may examine it, and
afterwards such action may be taken on the sub-
ject as may be deemed necessary.
I would remark, though it is not perhaps imme-
diately connected with this subject, what struck
me when I heard of its being examined by scien-
tific oificers in this city. A remarkable thing,
which is related in history, occurred to my mind.
When Napoleon was preparing1 his great expedi-
tion at Bolougne—when lie was preparing Ins ilo-
tillafor the invasion of England, an American, un-
known at the time, called upon him and presented
a project by which he could invade England in
spite of her fleet. Napoleon himself said that he
examined it, and was struck with the project, but
he had not time to give it a thorough investigation,
and he referred it to the scientific men of France.
They pronounced the man crazy, and said he
ought to be sent to a mad-house. Yet that man
was Fulton, and Napoleon lost the world by ne-
glecting that opportunity. Here is the ease of a
man who has given a whole life to a subject quite
as important as the invasion of England was at
that time. I trust that the memorial and treatise
will receive consideration and respect. 1 move
that they be referred to the Committee on Print-
ing-
They were so referred.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. BUTLER, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Gmor and McLaughlin, on
the files of the Senate, bo referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Port Roads.
On motion by Mr. PEARCE, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of the Regents of tho Smith-
sonian Institution, on the tiles of the Senate, be referred to
the Committee on Finance.
On motion by Mr. BELL, it was
Ordered, That the documents on the files of the Senate?
relating to the claim of R. S. Blair, be referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
On motion by Mr. BELL, it was
Ordered, That the petition of William B- Hart, on the
files ofthe Senate, be referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
Additional documents were also presented by
Mr. Bell, and referred to the same committee.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. GrWIN, from the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, to which was referred the memorial of the
. widow of Marvin W. Fisher, reported a bill for
! her relief; which was read and passed to the sec-
i ond reading.
! Mr. SHIELDS, from the select committee to
! which was referred the bill making a grant of land
to the several States of the Union for the relief and
support of indigent insane persons, reported it
without amendment.
Mr. SOULE, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to which was referred the
memorial of William C. Templcton, submitted a
report, accompanied by a bill to provide for a lii-
monthiy mail fromNew Orleans to Vera Cruz,.Ma
Tampico, and back, in steam vessels.
The bill was read and passed to the second read-
( ing. The report was ordered to be printed.
! PLANK ROADS—MAIL ROUTES.
! Mr. RUSK, from the Committee on the Post
j Office and Post Roads, to which was referred the
■ joint resolution to establish certain mail routes, re-
i ported it with an amendment, and asked for its
| immediate consideration.
I The motion was agreed to, and the Senate pro-
j ceeded to its consideration as in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. RUSK. The original resolution referred
to the committee was to constitute a plank road
in the State of New York a post road; and to
enable the Postmaster General to have the mail
carried thereon. As the general law now stands,
all canals and railroads are post roads, and the
Postmaster General has a right to contract for the
transportation of the mail thereon. I suppose
plank roads would then have been made.post roads
if any had existed. There is no reason why plank
1 roads should not be post roads. The amend-
ments which the committee propose to the resolu-
tion is, to invest the Postmaster General with
power to contract, whenever it shall be deemed
proper, for the carrying of the mails on plank roads,
and to constitute them by law post roads of the
United States.
The amendment was agreed to, the resolution
was reported to the Senate, the amendment was
concurred in, and the resolution was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time.
REPORTS OF SURVEYORS GENERAL.
On motion by Mr. FELCH, it was
Ordered, That the report of the Secretary of the Interior,
with the reports of the Suiveyors General of Illinois, and
Miht-ouu, and Oregon, communicated to the Seriate fhe^d
instant, he printed, m connection with the annual report of
the Commissioner of the General Land Office, which ac-
companied the President's meisage at the commencement
of the (session.
Mr. FELCII also submitted the following reso-
lution; which was read and referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing:
Revolved, That one thonsond extra copies of the report
of the Oomnibbioner of the General Land Office, trans-
muted to the Senate with tlie annual message of the Presi-
dent. together with the repoits of the Surveyors General
of Jihnois, and Missouri, and Oregon, transmitted lo the
Senate by the Secretary of the lnteiior, on the 2d instant,
be punted for the use of the General Land Office.
BILI^REFERRED.
The bill from the House of Representatives for
the lelief of Hiram Moore and John Hascall, was
read a first and second time by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Patents and the Patent
0ifi.ee.
BILL PASSED.
The engrossed bill to relinquish the reversion-
ary interest of the United States to a certain leser-
v<ition therein mentioned, and to confirm the title
of Charles G. Gunter thereto, was read a third
time and passed.
REPORT OF CAPTAIN H. STANSBURY.
Mr. DOUGLAS submitted the following reso-
lution for consideration; which was read, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Printing:
Resolved, That five thousand five hundred additional
copies of the report of Captain II. Stan^bury, of his explo-
ration of the Valley of the Great Salt Lake, which \va* or-
dered to be printed by a resolution of the Senate of the 12th
March last, be printed for the use of the Senate, and that
five hundred copies thereof be furnished to the Topograph-
ical Bureau, three hundred to the Smithsonian Institution,
and two huudied copies to Captain Stans>bury.
DIPLOMATIC INTERCOURSE WITH SWITZER-
LAND.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Mr. President, a few days
since I laid before the Senate a resolution upon
tlie subject of our diplomatic relations with Swit-
zerland, which I desire now to have considered and
disposed of.
The resolution was read as fViUows: , ., ■
Kaohed, That tils Committee on toiiign Relations be
requested to inquire into the expediency of making provision
