2246
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 18,
We have adopted the amendment of the gentle-
man from Tennessee, [Mr. Stanton.] I have no
objection to that, but I submit that it is not wise
to go on making appropriations for the Navy
when we are within three months of another ses-
sion of Congress; when there is a new Secretary
of the Wavy just installed, and a new Administra-
tration before us, which will make their own rec-
ommendations upon the subject.
Mr. POLK. I will ask thegentleman whether
the present amendment proposes to increase the
appropriation to the Navy?
Mr. DEAN. The amendment proposes to in-
crease the appropriation $301,000.
Mr. STANTON. It is only to make it equal
to what was appropriated last year, for the same
item, and also the year before.
Mr. POLK. X would ask thegentleman whether
he, as a Representative upon this floor, is ready to
cut down that arm of our defense?
Mr. DEAN. Not at all. I am not in favor of
cutting down this arm of our defense, but 1 am for
economy; and when we find as we do now, that
under the administration of the late Secretary of
the Navy, the expenditures increased three mil-
lions in a single year, that is from $7,000,000 to
$10,000,000, it is time for Congress to come for-
ward and show that they are in favor of retrench-
ment.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment to the amendment was rejected.
Mr. GrOODENOW. I move to amend the
amendment of the gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Stanton,] by adding $25,000. I do this
that I may have the opportunity of saying to the
committee and to the country, that our Navy is
not, at the present moment, as efficient as it ought
to be, in view of the questions agitated recently in
regard to our relations with Great Britain upon
the subject of the fisheries. It is a fact, which
should be known to the country, that although we
have been called to send to the Bay of Fundy a
naval armament sufficient to protect our citizens
in their rights there, there was out one vessel which
could be found in a situation to be sent there—the
Mississippi—a vessel which had been prepared for
another destination.
Now, Mr. Chairman, we have recently heard
much said, upon the one side and the other, about
our rights of fishing:, and the infringement of those
rights by Great Britain. The President of the
United States has been called upon to send a naval
force sufficient to protect our rights, and the fact
that we have not a sufficient number of vessels
prepared for that service, these gentlemen who
appear to be so ready to maintain them by arms
ought to consider. If we would maintain a navy
at all, we should maintain an efficient navy, and
we should have our naval establishment in such a
condition that we could meet any emergency which
may happen, where the interests or honor of our
country are at all jeoparded. But such is not the
fact now. We are not prepared for a war with
Great Britain, upon this or any other question. I
wish gentlemen to understand that if we were to
come into collision with England upon any ques-
tion, we are not in a situation to meet her as we
might, if we only had our Navy as efficient as it
might be; but 1 hope there is no gentleman who is
disposed to encourage a feeling of hostility towards
Great Britain, unless he is willing to come up and
vote for an appropriation of money which will en-
able us to meet her, or any other nation upon
earth, as we will beable to do, if we will only use
the means in our hands.
I am in favor of having an efficient Navy, and
I am not in favor of extmvagant appropriations;
but every amendment which has been, or which
may be offered by the honorable chairman of the
Committee on Naval Affairs, [Mr. Stanton, of
Tennessee,] has received the sanction of that
committee, after a full and careful investigation,
and no appropriations havebeen recommended by
that committee greater than weie recommended by
the Navy Department.
Reforms in the Navy undoubtedly are needed,
but I hope this committee will not withhold the
necessary appropriations for giving efficiency to
that arm of our national defense. Several bills
intended to remedy existing defects in our naval
establishment, and to render it more efficient
have been matured and prepared by the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs, but no opportunity has yet
been had of reporting them to the House.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I am opposed,
Mr. Chairman, to the amendment of the gentle-
man from Maine, [Mr. Goodenow,] as well as
to the original amendment.
1 was much gratified to hear the remarks which
I have, and from tl«A quarter from which they
came,—from the gentletnan from Ohio, [Mr. Tay-
lor.] In the course of his remarks, he talked
something about retrenchment and reform, and
stated at the same time, that there were abuses,
enormous in their character. I would have been
much more gratified had the gentleman, while
speaking of these abuses, pointed them out, and
directed the attention of the House and of the
country to them. If the abuses to which he re-
fers exist in the Navy Department, 1 was in hopes
that he would have called the attention of the coun-
try, especially to those of a glaring and gross char-
acter, which the country is convinced do exist in
many of the Departments of the Government.
We talk about retrenchment, Mr. Chairman; but
somehow or other, we never hit the precise item
upon which retrenchment should begin. We
never get at the precise time when it should begin.
Some how or other, we never find the Mouse or
the country in a position or in a condition to com-
mence this great work of retrenchment and re-
form, by which to lessen the burden of taxes upon
the people. If we talk about retrenchment in time
of war, then that is not the time. If we talk about
it in time of peace, then the particular object is
not the one upon .which to begin. If in time of
war or of pcace, it be not the proper time to com-
mence, when in the name of high Heaven, and of
common sense, is the proper time to arrive when
this work of retrenchment is to be begun ?
I want the gentleman who alluded to these
abuses, and who spoke in such strong and forci-
ble terms of the necessity of retrenchment and
reform, to point out the items, and we will try to
begin the work.
I was much gratified, as I said, with the re-
marks coming from the quarter that they did; and
when we come to look at the expenditures of the
Government from its origin, and trace them down
to the present time, we find that there has been an
enormous increase. Look to the Army, look to
the Navy, where it is conceded upon all hands
that the grossest abuses exist, and there you find
the greatest amount of expenditure.
Look at the expenditure of this Government
from its origin to the present time, exclusive of its
public debt, and we find that we have expended
nearly $1,000,000,000. And where has it gone?
More than $600,000,000 have been expended upon
the Army and Navy Departments of the Govern-
ment, where it is conceded that those great abuses
exist, and where retrenchment should begin.
These are facts. Over &600,000,000 have been
expended upon the Army and the Navy of this
Union; and yet we cannot find a place, or fix upon
the time when this work of retrenchment shall be
begun.
The Army and the Navy of this Government,
as has been the case in the Governments of the
Old World, are the great arteries, out of which
the Government is bled to exhaustion, and through
which the Government oppress the people, even
to resistance in many instances. It is time to stop.
Let us commence the work of retrenchment, and
tie up the bleeding arteries that will ultimately
exhaust the whole system.
The question was' then taken on the amendment
offered by Mr. Goodenow, and it was not agreed
to.
Mr. POLK. I move to strike out the whole
appropriation.
I understand, sir, that the Committee on Naval
Affairs have had under consideration the questions
pertaining to that branch of the public service,
and that by a rule of this House, all estimates of
that committee have to be submitted to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
I remember that a motion was made at an early
day of this session, that the report of each com-
mittee should be final as to the propriety or im-
propriety of a matter falling within the juiisdie-
tion of such committee. The vote was taken in
this House; and why whs that done?
The peculiar organization of the Committee of
Ways and Means, as made by the Speaker of
this House, should influence the common sense of
this Congress to withhold from that committee any
decision upon matters connected with the nation-
ality of this Republic. There is no national feel-
ing there. I do not desire to be personal to any-
body, but it is highly injurious to the country to
find the Committee of Ways and Means—having
the control over every thing connected with the pros-
peiity of the country—refusingto strengthen that
arm upon which we must rely for our national de-
fense. We can whip any army that may venture
upon our shores. We can encounter with success
any military force upon our coast. We cannot
fight them successfully, however, upon the high
seas unless you give us sails and armaments with
which to do it. We require it as a nation. We
require it as a Republic. But when we see men
whose eyes shine like moon-eyed horses at every
dollar [laughter] that is appropriated to build up
the national defenses, I think the nation is in
mighty poor keeping. [Laughter.] This, sir,
1 consider it due to say, and say it because the
whole history of that committee will sustain it.
Their very conduct and acts show it. The rules
of this House should be altered, for why should
the Committee of Ways and Means know, how
could they know, what is essential to that arm
of our service, the Navy, better than a commit-
tee appointed by this House to take it into con-
sideration. They cannot doit. They give to it
a few hours' consideration, and then report here
that it ought not to be approved of.
Our country requires the condemnation of any
action that involves a neglect of great national
interests; and so far as my voice goes, I condemn
it here.
The question then recurred on the amendment
of Mr. Stanton, of Tennessee.
Mr. WALSH demanded tellers; which were
ordered; and Messrs. Stanton, of Tennessee,
and Johnson, of Arkansas, were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment was agreed to; the tellers having reported—
ayes 70, noes 50.
Mr. COBB. I move the following amendment
as an addition to the one just adopted:
Provided, That the building of more than one vessel sha!J
not be commenced in each year.
Mr. FLORENCE. No matter what the neces-
sity may be?
Mr. HOUSTON. Is that proviso in order?
The CHAIRMAN. 1 It is clearly in order if
the original proposition of the gentleman from
Tennessee was.
Mr. HOUSTON. Is it in order as a distinct
amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that it
is in order as a distinct amendment, because it
directs the mode of appropriation.
The question was taken on the amendment, and
it was disagreed to.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I submit the
following amendment, to come in immediately after
what has just been adopted:
And the Secretary of the Navy is also authorized antf
directed to cause to be applied, as soon as practicable, to
all steam vessels belonging lo the United States, the be*t
form of condenser for supplying fre^h watei to marine boil-
ers at sea ; and to pay to the owner or owners thereof, such
price for the right to use such condenser, as a board to consist
of the Engmeer-in-Chicf and two or more chief engineers
of the Navy, may designate to be the value thereof: Pro-
vided, however, That 110 condenser shall be so applied, un-
less Uie same shall have been practically tested at ?ea, and
found capable of being used as a surface, as well as jet con-
denser.
With reference to this amendment, 1 desire to
say a single word. It will be remembered that
two years ago I offered an amendment of the same
kind, for the purpose of applying this fresh-water
apparatus to marine boilers of our sea steamers.
It is an object, sir, of very great importance, and
one which will, I believe, contribute in a veiy
great decree to the economy of the service. It is
not possible for me to enter into an argument, at
this time, to show these facts; but every gentle-
man who knows anything of the subject, must
have come to this conclusion long since. Instead of
adopting the amendment I proposed two years
ago, this House appropriated $5,000, and directed
the Secretary of the Navy to appoint a board
of commissioners. He appointed two or three
learned gentlemen of Philadelphia, who made a
long report, which was referred to the Naval Com-
mittee, but which I have never had an opportunity
to report back to the House. It enters learnedly
into the theory of the question—the effect of salt
water upon steam boilers, but ending in nothing
practical. This proposition simply refers the
