470
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 5,
by law for the usual outfit and salary of a charge d'affaires
to Switzerland.
Mr. BRODHEAD. There are many consider-
ations of a political as well as commercial char-
acter, which should induce this Government no
longer to be neglectful of diplomatic intercourse
with the Swiss Republic, or rather with the Gov-
ernment of the Swiss Confederation. It is now
the only republic in Europe; and notwithstanding
it is surrounded with despotisms, and has often
been threatened with an extinguishment of its
nationality, it has always resolutely maintained
an altar to freedom. It has been a kind of nurs-
ery of free principles, and a place where political
refugees have always found an asylum. It now
has a population of over two millions and a half,
with a large and increasing commerce. In 1848
and 1849 they reorganized the Government and
adopted a constitution similar in many of its
provisions to our own. They adopted a system
more national in its character, and now have the
same powers to negotiate treaties of amity and
commerce that we have,—a power which could not
be exercised before without the'consent of all the
Cantons. All other Governments of any import-
ance have diplomatic representatives in Switzer-
land—France, England, Austria, Prussia, Russia,
Spain, &c., and we, a sister Republic, have none.
In diplomatic circles we have no person to repre-
sent this Government or defend our institutions or
protect our citizens. In the event of a war in
Europe, it would be peculiarly necessary for us to
have a representative in Switzerland, with whom
the friends of liberal and republican principles
could have communion without fear. A repre-
sentative from this country would aid in main-
taining constitutional government, and be more
likely to enjoy confidence in Switzerland than the
representative of any other nation, and hence
would be enabled to obtain information which
would be valuable.
Independent of political inducements, our com-
mercial interests and industrial pursuits, I think,
demand the establishment of a permanent mission
in Switzerland. The annual amount of interna-
tional exchange may safely be estimated at ten
millions of dollars, and is larger than our com-
merce with Naples, Sardinia, Denmark, Holland,
or Belgium, at all of which places we have diplo-
matic representatives. Our commercial intercourse
with Switzerland is important. She consumes
annually from 100,000 to 150,000 bales of our cot-
ton, about 500 hogsheads of our tobacco, and a con-
siderable quantity of rice and other products.
We receive in return her silks, laces, finer cotton
goods, jewelry and. watches. By a provision in
the present Swiss constitution, raw materials re-
quired by manufacturers, as well as the necessa-
ries of life, are admitted at the lowest possible rate
of duty. This liberal commercial policy requires
some notice and encouragenftnt. at our hands. It
is well known that efForts have been made to draw
her into a commercial league with the Zoll Verein
and other powers, on terms injurious to our inter-
ests. For these, andothei reasons which I might
urge, I hope the resolution will be adopted, and
that the Committee on Foreign Affairs will give
the subject that consideration which I think its
importance demands.
The resolution was agreed to.
PROTECTION TO CITIZENS OF CALIFORNIA.
Mr. GWIjY. Mr. President, in accordance
with previous notice, I now ask leave to introduce
a bill providing additional protection to the citizens
of California and Oregon, from aggressions by the
Indian tribes and from foreign invasion. Recent
intelligence from California informs us that there
was imminent danger of a genera] rising of the In-
dian tribes m the southern section of "the State,
for the avowed object of plundering and massa-
cring the whites. This portion of the State is i
sparsedly populated: so much so, that it is impos- I
t0 collect such bodies of men, at short notice, I
as are required to keep the Indians in check. '
Many of the inhabitants of that State at points
remote from the coast „e at the mercy of the In-
dians, and have already been attacked, plundered,
and forced to fly for their lives. I will only in-
troduce the case of the Hon. Mr. Warner, Sena-
tor from the district of San Diego, who, in defend-
ing his property from an attack of the Indians,
lost one of his men, all of his stock, and was
compelled to fly to the town of San Diego for pro-
tection; and so imminent was the danger of an
attack upon that place, that martial law was pro-
claimed , and every citizen capable of bearing them
was under arms. If there should be a general
rising of the Indian tribes in south California, as
is still apprehended, (although^the intelligence by
the last steamer is more favorable for the preser-
vation of peace,) Los Angeles and Santa Barbara
will be as much exposed to depredations as San
Diego, and the loss of life and tne sacrifice of prop-
erty will be immense. Within this great extent
of country, comprising several hundred miles of
sea-coast, with an equal extent of back country, we
have no governmental protection against these In-
dian hostilities. There are some troops at San
Diego, and a post at the mouth of the Gila, but it
is a mockery to say they are any protection to the
country. In fact, they can scarcely protect their
own scalps from the tomahawk of the Indians;
and if we give credit to the intelligence that has
reached us, the post at the mouth of the Gila was
surrounded for days by hostile Indians, and only
saved from massacre by a piece of artillery, that
dealt terror, as well as death, among the savages.
It is by no means certain that the inadequate force
of tfiat station can continue successfully to resist
the hostile attacks of the Indian'tribes that sur-
round it. Nor can the Government extend ade-
quate protection to the Pacific coast under the ex-
isting organization of the army. We must have
an entirely new system, adapted to the peculiar
situation of the country; and it is to accomplish
this purpose that 1 have prepared the bill that I
propose before I take my seat to bring before the
Senate. Sir, the citizens of California and Oregon
have appealed to their Government forprotection,
as will appear from the resolutions of the Legis-
lature of California, and the letter of the distin-
guished Delegate from Oregon, [Mr. Lane,] both
of which I will read :
Joint Resolutions in relation to establishing forts on our
borders.
Whereas a large portion of our State is unprotected from
the different tribes of Indians that live upon our border?,
and that these tribes are frequently engaged, and are now
at war with the citizens of this State; and in consequence
of our present unprotected condition there is no security
for either life or property, and this State not having the
means of extending that protection to its citizens which
their present necessities require: and whereas it is the duty
of the Federal Government to protect its citizens from the
incursions of either internal or external enemies; there-
fore,
Resolved, (the Senate concurring,) That oar Senators be
instructed and eur Representatives be requested to use
their best efforts to have a portion of the United States
troops established on our borders, and also to have a line of
forts erected along the same for the purpose of protecting
our citizens.
Resolved, That the Governor be requested to forward a
copy of the foregoing preamble and resolutions to cach of
our Senators and Representatives in Congress.
Washington City, December 12,1851.
To his Excellency the President of the United States:
Sir: A sense of duty prompts me to call your early atten-
tion to the peculiar condition of things in Oregon. I have
been a citizen of that Temtory for near three years, have
traveled the settled portion of it all over; had much to do
with the Indians, and know them, perhaps, as well as any
other man, and understand the wants of the American cit-
izens there, and can say to you, that for their protection and
lor the protection of others emulating there, that troops to
be garrisoned on the great road from" St. Joseph via Fort
Ilall to the Balls of the Columbia, and also on the road from
Oregon to California, are absolutely indispensable for the
protection oflife and property. I know that I needbutcall
your attention to the condition of things there, and present
the facts within my knowledge, to secure your aid and
prompt action in the premises. The suffering this season
for the want of troops to protect emigrants and others en
route to Oregon, and from Oregon to California, has been
teruble, and certainly this Government ought, and will, r
have no doubt, afford protection to her citizens in a country
so remote and exposed as arc all persons traveling either on
the emigrant road to Oregon or on the road from Oregon to
California. There are but these two roads south of the Co-
lumbia on which troubles are to be apprehended. The
shape of the country, with its stupendous mountains, are
insurmountable barriers to the location of roads of import-
ance. A garrison of two or three companies ofhorse—one of
infantry, if a mounted force cannot be had—on each of these
roads, at the grand round for instance, on the emigiant or
noithein road, and in the Rogue River Valley, on the Cali-
fornia or southern road. The moral influence that the es-
tablishment of the posts would produce upon the mind* of
the Indians would do much towards keeping peace with
them, and afford the protection to American citizens that
thry are justly entitled to.
It may be well here to mention, that the road from Ore-
gon to California forks in the Rogue River Valley; the mam
load -passes south of thegreat Shasti Mountain to the souice
of the Sacramento, thence down that river to it  gie.it val-
ley, and to Sacramento City; the north branch passes by
Clamath Lake to Fort Hall. A small party of emigrants
have gone that route this season and got m safely. This
route was opened by Jesse Applegate Scott and others, in
tne year 1846, for the purpose of affording to emigrants a
pass into the southern portion of Oregon; but such was the
suffering of the first emigrants on this route that it has been
but little traveled since, but will, T have no doubt, be much
traveled if a garrison should be established in Rogue River
Valley, as above suggested.
I have been thus explicit m order that you may under-
stand the condition and wants of Ihe country which I have
the honor to represent, with.the full belief thatyou will take
such steps as may be necessary to give protection to the
citizens there, and emigrants and others traveling to and
from Oregon.
Herewith I inclose two communications from Oregon
for your perusal, which you will please return to me. One
of the writers I am well acquainted with, (Mr. Applegate,
one of the early settlers of Oregon.) He has done much to
bring the country into requisition, by exploring, openmg
roads, &c., &c.; a sensible, reliable man. With Mr. Si-
mons I have no acquaintance, but have no doubt of the
truth of his narrative.
With great respect I am, sir, your obedient servant,
JOSEPH LANE.
What is the response?' It will be found in the
letter addressed to me by the Secretary of War,
which these documents called forth:
War Department, Washinot'on, >
December 07, 1851. 5
Sir : I have received a copy of the joint resolutions of
the Legislature of California, instructing her Senators and
requesting her Representatives to use their best efforts to
have a portion of the United States troops established on
her borders, and also to have a line of forts erected along
the same for the purpose of protecting her citizens.
By referring to my annual report (a copy of which is here-
with inclosed) you will perceive that I therein allude to the
defenceless state of California and Oregon, and the Presi-
dent in his annual message also invites the attention of Con-
gress to the same subject. The military force now at the dis-
posal of the Depaitment will not permit it to increase the
number of troops on the Pacific except by filling up the com-
panies already stationed there to their complement, which
will shortly be done.
I herewith inclose the copy of a letter recently addressed
to the President, by the late Governor of Oregon, on the
same subject.
As regards the establishment of forts,—wherever troops
are stationed, such woiks as may be lequired for their pro-
tection and accommodation will, of course, be constructed,
but it would be worse than useless to construct them until
they can be garrisoned.
I will add that General Hitchcock (who now commands
the Pacific division) has been directed to take earlv and
prompt measures, as far as the means at his disposal will
enable him to do so, to establish forts at such points on the
borders of California and Oregon where they are most needed
for the protection of the inhabitants and of emigrant parties.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient
servant, C. M. CONRAD, Secretary of War.
Hon. Wm, M. Gwin, United States Senate.
Sir, here is an honest confession of the inability
of the Department to afford us adequate protec-
tion under existing laws, and the Secretary de-
serves credit for it, and equal credit is due to him
for the suggestions made in his annual report, from
which I will also read extracts:
" In the first place, I would suggest that every facility
and encouragement should be afforded to the formation of
a local militia, in which our new possessions, like all the
Mexican States, are very deficient. As the first step to-
wards the accomplishment of this object, I would recom-
mend that the Executive be authorized to distribute arms
among the inhabitants. I am fully persuaded that the ad-
vantages that would result from the adoption of this meas-
ure, in familiarizing the people with the use of arms, in
inspiring them with confidence, and in encouraging the
formation of militia companies, would more than coinpea-
sate for the trifling expense that would attend it. The
very tact that the inhabitants were known to he armed
would tend to intimidate the Indians. The distribution
should, of course, be made with such precautions as would
prevent their being sold or converted to an impjoper use.
"The quantity of arms to which the new States and Ter-
ritories are respectively entitled under the act of 18(18 is
so small as to be of no practical advantage, and, as they
have not participated m the issues heretofore made it
would seem to be but just that they should now rccci've
more than their distributive share. At ail events they
might be permitted to reecive their quota for several years
in advance. As the aims aie lying idle m the dep6t« no
loss to the Government would result from this course and
they will piobably be never more needed than thev a're at
present. *
"111 the next place, policy andhumanity both require that
we should employ some other means of pulling a stop to
these depredations than the ten or of oi^arms. We should
try the effect of conciliatory measures" There is no doubt
that the Indians are frequently impelled to commit depre-
dations by despair and hunger. As the white population
has advanced upon them, they have been compelled to re-
cede before it. The lands that affoid nourishment to cattle
and game aie also the best adapted to cultivation, and con-
sequenUy the first to tempt the-ettler; so that the Indians
are compelled to take refuge in arid plains and mountains
that afiord little sustenance to animal life; and even there
them"''16 Wl"te popu,alion &eenis raPi<lly closing around
" 1 would also recommcnd that measures be taken to
furnish, for a series of years, food and other necessaries to
such Indians as will abandon their predatojy habiNanr?
cultivate the soil. Authentic information, recently received
at this Department, leads to the belief that these tubes are
far less numerous than thev are generally supposed to be
™ no 12U, (la-vln£ aslde considerations of human-
lty) tnat it would be far less expensive to feed than to fiaht
them.*'  IU
