1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
471
I will not detain the Senate longer in giving the
reasons that have induced me tu bring forward
this bill. It is in part based upon the report of the
Secretary of War, and from my own personal ob-
servations of the wants of the people of my State.
We must be protected by this Government from
the enormous expenses of Indian wars within our
limits. Already we have an Indian war debt of
nearly a million dollars, for which our people will
be taxed, unless Congress make provision for its
payment, and if we are to judge from the past, we
cannot anticipate immediate relief. We have in
our State the picked men of the nation, and they
only wish the Government to call for their services,
and pay for them, to be ready ata moment's warn-
ing to march to the utmost extent of our limits to
protect its citizens from Indian depredations. Give
us arms, and pay us for our services when you
need them, and we will protect ourselves from a
foreign or domestic foe.
I do not wish to be understood as proposing to
dispense with the services of the army on our
-coast, nor to advance the opinion that we do not
ask for- the most ample preparations against the
approach of a foreign enemy, for which we should
have an extensive system of fortifications and naval
defence. We need the army to man our forts and
to form the nucleus around which the force this bill
proposes to call into the field could rally when an
emergency required their services. Without go-
ing mto the subject further at present, I propose
that the bill be printed, and read a firstand second
time, and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
The provisions of the bill are as follows:
A Bill to provide for the better protection of the people of
California and Oregon.
Be it enacted by the Senate and, House of Representatives
of the United States of America xn Congress assembled,
That whenever the State of California or "the Territory of
Oregon shall be invaded, or be in imminent danger of inva-
sion, by any foreign nation, or when hostilities shall be
threatened or commenced by any Indian tribe, in or adja-
cent to said State or Teiritory, it shall be lawful for -the
commanding general or officer in command of the United
States military forces on the Pacific coast, to make a requi-
sition upon the Governors of said State and Territory, or
either of them, for volunteers, or to call forth puch number
of the militia of the State and Territory aforesaid as he
may judge necessary, to repel such invasion or to Mippress
such hostilities, who shall serve for a time specified by the
commanding general, or officer in command, provided such
term of service doe* not exceed months.
Sec. 2. Be it further enacted, That said volunteers or
militia shall be commanded by officers electcdor appointed,
or to be elected or appointed, in the manner prescribed by
the law of the State or Territory in which they reside, and
shall be received m companies, battalions, squadrons or
regiments, and when so received and mustered into the ser-
vice of the United States, shall be armed at the expense of
the United Slates, and shall be subject to the rules and arU-
cles of war.
Sec. 3. Jlnd be it further enacted, That said volunteers
or militia, during the time they may be in seiviee, shall re-
ceive the usual rations of the Army of the United States,
and pay equal to three times the amount now provided by
'law for the pay of the officers and soldiers, respectively, of
the United States army on the Pacific coast.
Sec. 4. Jind be it further enacted, That the volunteers
or militia who may lie received into the service of the Uni-
ted States by virtue of the provisions of this act, and who
shall be wounded, or otheiwise disabled m the service,
fcball be entitled to all the benefits which may be conferred
on wounded persons belonging to the Army of the United
States.
Sec. 5. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the Secretary
of War be required to place at the disposal nf the Gover-
nors of California and Oregon, fifty thousand stand of arms,
to be distributed rateably to the citizciib of said State and
Territory, under such restrictions as to insure their safe
keeping and return when required.
Sec. 6. Jind be it further enacted, That the Secretary of
War shall place at the disposal of the Governors of said
State and Territory such number of mountain howitzers a*
may be deemed sufficient to meet the exigencies of the pub-
lic service, in the event of an Indian war; also, a field bat-
tery or " field batteries " ofhght artillery, of the usual com-
position ; also, a jjprk of flying artillery in the event of a
foreign war.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That the Secretary of
War forthwith cause to be established on the Pacific coa^t,
at Mich point or points as may be deemed mo>t advisable,
an arsenal and magazine, well supplied with powder, shot
and shells, for the iise of ths military in the event 01 a for-
eign or Indian wai; also, to place in depot, in the neighbor-
hood of San Diego and San Francisco, one hundred sea-
coast guns of suitable calibres, to defend the entianceto
those harbors: those guns to be mounted m open batteries,
should the emergency of a foreign war arise before perma-
nent fortifications shall be constructed to receive them.
Sc:c. 8. Jlnd be it further enacted, That any person who
shall be convicted of disposing of any of the public aims or
ammunition herein provided for the public service of the
aforesaid State and Territory, to any Indian or Indian tube,
shall be subjectto a penalty of-— dollars, and imprisonment
for a period of not le&s than six, nor more than months.
The bill was read twice, and referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
tenure of army appointments.
The Senate proceeded to consider the resolution
submitted by Mr. Hale the 3d instant, in relation
to the tenure of appointments in the Army, and
the resolution was agreed to, as follows:
Rcsqlced, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of providing that all
commissions m the Army of the United States shall be for
a limited time, which shall be expressed in the commis-
sion.
IRISH EXILED PATRIOTS.
The Senate resumed, as in Committee of the
Whole, the consideration of the resolution ex-
pressive of the sympathy of Congress for the
exiled Irish patriots, Smith O'Brien, Thomas F.
Meagher, and their associates; and,
On motion by Mr. SHIELDS, it was
Ordered, That the further consideration thereof be post-
poned to, and be the order of the day for Saturday, the 7th/
mutant. 4/
PRINTING THE SEVENTH CENSUS. V
On the motion of Mr. GWIN, the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the following joint res-
olution:
Be it resolved, That the Joint Committee on Printing
be directed to contract with Donelson & Armstrong for print-
ing the census returns, upon such terms as the committee
may deem reasonable.
Which Mr. Smith had moved to amend by sub-
stituting the following:
11 It shall be the duty of the Secretary of the Interior, in
conformity with the provision of the act entitled 'An act
making appropriations lor the civil and diplomatic expenses
of the Government for the year 1840,' approved on the 18th
May of s aid year, to contract lor the composition and press-
work of "copies of the returns of the Seventh Census, as
the same are classified ami airanged by said Secretary, and
in like manner to contract tor *o much paper and of such
quality as he Miall deem pioper for said work; and in like
manner to contract lor binding said returns as printed in
such style a* he may judge expedient; provided the party
te each of said contracts shall give such surety, and said
paper and work shall be subject to such inspection, as said
Secretary shall lequire to insure a faithful performance of
the same."
The PRESIDENT. Since the resolution was
under consideration, the Senator from North Car-
olina [Mr. Badger] has moved an amendment to
the amendment. It is to strike out all after the
words 4' it shal 1 be the duty of,5' and insert the fol-
lowing:
•'The Joint Committee on Printing to contract with
Messrs. Donelson & Armstiong for printing and binding
the Census, on such terms as the committee may think rea-
sonable and proper: the work to be executed under the
direction ot the Secretary of the Interior, and to be paid
tor from time to during the progress of the work, by
the head of the Census Bureau, under the direction of the
Secretary, with power in the Secretary to abate Aom the
amount stipulated if the work, when executed, shall prove
deficient or below the standard which may beagie.ed upon."
Mr. PEARCE. Before the question is taken
on that amendment, I desire to submit an amend-
ment. If the Senate is disposed to depart from
the former practice of letting out die printing on
contract, and to leave the matter to the discretion
of a committee, it seems to me that it would be
proper to have some limitation to which the com-
mittee should go. I think that their discretion
ought to be guided by some rule, to be prescribed
by the Senate; and 1 know of nothing which re-
quires limitation so much as this matter of public
printing. I propose, therefore, to limit the power
of the committee by an amendment which I offer
to the amendment.
The PRESIDENT. The amendment of the
Senator from Maryland is not in order. The
question is on an amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from North Carolina [Mr. Badger] to an
amendment oflWed by the Senator from Connect-
icut, [Mr. Smith.]
Mr. PEARCE. I was not aware of that. I
will ask, then, that my amendment may be read
for the information of the Senate, and, if occa-
sion should require it, I will offer it at the proper
time.
The amendment was read, as follows:
" Provided, That the prices to be allowed for the execu-
tion of the work shall m no case exceed the average rate of
the proposals of the several bidders lor the printing ot the
Thirty-second Congress for the respective classes, or for any
class of piintmg to be executed under this resolution."
The PRESIDENT. The question is on the
amendment offered by the Senator from North
Carolina to the amendment of the Senator from
Connecticut.
Mr. SMITH. I very much regret that I can-
not accede to the proposition which is submitted
by the honorable Senator from North Carolina,
[Mr. Badger,] upon the idea of a compromise.
So far from being any compromise of the differ-
ences that have been expressed here between dif-
ferent members of the Senate, I regard it as a
freat deal worse than the original resolution; and
prefer voting, most decidedly, for the original
resolution to giving my assent to the amendment
which has been proposed by my honorable friend
from North Carolina. In the first place, Mr.
President, I have to say, that if the resolution
shall be amended as is proposed by my honorable
friend, it will be open to every one of the objec-
tions which I urged against the original resolution,
and it is open to some other objections which can-
not be urged against the original resolution.
I am not about to consume the time of the Sen-
atp^by reiterating the objections which I made at
^fime length, and which have been put into print,
and, I dare say, have attracted the notice of the
honorable members of this body, so far as they
might be deemed worthy of notice. But one of
the principal objections I recur to here, is, that as
the resolution originally stood, and as the matter is
to be presented by the amendment of the honora-
ble Senator from North Carolina, it is totally im-
possible for the Committee on Printing to make
any safe, judicious, and proper contract on the sub-
ject, for the reason that the Senator does not pro-
pose in his amendment to determine what number
of copies of this work is to be printed. But I
think it is a little remarkable that the Senator, in
drawing up this amendment, should not have
turned his attention to the difficulties and embar-
rassments in which the committee will be involved
in being required to make a contract with Donel-
son & Armstrong for printing the census returns,
while the committee are not to know how many
copies of the work are to be ordered by the two
Houses of Congress.
I shall content myself, sir, with stating this ob-
jection in these very brief terms. I shall not now
repeat what I said in opposition to the briginal
resolution, and which is equally applicable to this
amendment, to wit, that this not being Congres-
sional printing, it is, in my judgment, a usurpa-
tion of power on the part of Congress. This is
one branch of the alternative which I present to
the Senate; and the other is, that if it is Congres-
sional printing, it comes within the contract of A.
Boyd Hamilton, and will be an infraction of that
contract. But, as I have already remarked, I am
not about to indulge myself in a reiteration of the
considerations which I have heretofore presented,
and which seem to have produced very little effect
on the mind of the Senator from North Carolina,
and which, perhaps, are not w®rthy of much con-
sideration. But 1 have to say that this amend-
ment is obnoxious to objections which did not ob-
tain, so far as the original resolution is concerned.
The honorable Senator from Indiana, [Mr.
Bright,] whose absence from his seat by reason
of indisposition I certainly very much regret, was
content with handing over to Donelson & Arm-
strong the printing of the census returns. He was
content with giving them whatever profits they
might make by supplying the paper and by exe-
cuting the composition and press-work, the effect
of which, as I remarked the other day, unless the
Committee on Printing are remarkably astute ill
making the contract, will be to hand over to the
proprietors of this press, as I verily believe, a very
large amount of the public money. The honor-
able Senator from Indiana was content to deliver
over into the hands of these gentlemen whatever
profits they might make out of the composition
and press-work, but the honorable Senator from
North Carolina^ not contcnt with that margin of
profits. He seems to have the same anxiety about
the prosperity of this " Union" office that my hon-
orable friend from Indiana had, as I humbly con-
ceive, when he offered this proposition to the consid-
eration of the Senate. He is not content that these
gentlemen shall make all they possibly can out of
the composition and press-work, but he proposes
to hand over to them also the binding of this
work. They are not practical printers: they are
the proprietors of a political press in &is city.
They have no bindery. But the Senator from
North Carolina says by his amendment, " I want
to have them receive a larger margin of profts,
and therefore I want to hand over the binding to
them, and they may job it out to the proprietors
of the different bindery establishments in this city,
and thus make a larger profit." That we know
will be the effect of the operation.
