472
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 5,
Now, why should the binding of these docu-
ments be given to Donelson & Armstrong? Why
should it not be handed over to the Secretary of the
Interior, to be contracted for in conformity with the
provisions of the law of 1842? Or, if it is not let
out to the lowest bidder, why not band over the
returns to the Committee on Printing, and let
them "make a contract for the binding with the dif-
ferent proprietors of binding establishments, of
which there is a considerable number in Chis city ?
We of the Committee oil Printing have had a
little experience in making contracts with binding
establishments in the city of Washington. We
made a contract but a short time since, and, I be-
lieve, a very prudent and judicious contract too.
It has been my good fortune to concur most fully,
and on all occasions, with the views and onihioiis
of my honorable friends constituting a majority of
that committee.
But the honorable Senator from North Carolina
says: I want to hand over to the " Union" office
the binding of these documents, and place them
in a condition that they can job it out and extort
Irom _ the hard-workitig mechanics and artisans
of this city, who are engaged in this branch of
industry; to give them an opportunity to extort#
percentage from them. And we know they will
doit. Sir, I will never consent to any such scheme
as this. As I have already remarked, the two
Houses of Congress have had some experience
upon this subject. At the last Congress we made
a contract for the execution of the public printing,
mainly with Messrs. Belt & Trenholm, and wifh
th^se same gentlemen we made a contract for the
execution of the binding of the two Houses of
Congress, although they were not practical book-
binders, and although they had no bindery. And
what did they do? They underlet the binding to
be done by others, and as I have been credibly'in-
formed , they extorted a profit fYom the workmen
engaged in that business of some seven or eight
thousand dollars. That is what will be done again,
if this scheme of the honorable Senator from'
Worth Carolina is adopted.
Sir, I will not dwell upon this subject further.
Whatever the majority of this honorable body
may do with regard to the printing of this work,
I have not the slightest apprehension they are about
to yield their assent to the proposition to handover
to the proprietors of the " Union" the bindin" of
this work, which will certainly amount to a very
large sum of money.
But there is another objection, Mr. President,
to this amendment. It provides that the Joint
Committee on Printing he directed to contract with
Donelson & Armstrong for the printing and bind-
lug of the returns of the census, on such terms us
the committee may think reasonable and proper.
Then come some other provisions—namely, that
the woik shall be executed under the direction of
the Secretary of the fnterior, and be paid for from
time to tune, during its process, by the head of
the Census Bureau, under "tin- direction of the
Secretary, wilh power in the Secretary to abate
from the amount stipulated, if the work, when
executed, shall prove deficient, or below the stand-
ard which may be agreed upon.
In the first place, then, with regard to these
clauses or provisions of the amendment of the hon-
orable Senator from North Cai olma, I have to say
that they are totally unnecessary. Does the hon-
orable Senator suppose, that if the Committee on
Printing- be directed to make this contract, (he
members of that committee will not insert in the
contract proper stipulations and guarantees for the
due performance of the work' The amendment !■
really recurs to a matter which appertains excl'u- !
sively to the duties of the committee. You know I
well enough, sir, that in making the contract in 1
regard to the binding, we inserted in it—as we
should insert in every other contract which the
m«v^tmay- ^ US t0 make—1stipulations and
with' m on,,eV° lnsure a due compliance
Teonrl , °[ th? cont,acl- 1  "• not
pie, ared to say, that these are the proper stipula-
ions, or the proper guarantees. I am not pre&red
to say, that they are by any means the bwt^stipu-
lations and guarantees that can be made. What
s ipu at.ons we should insert, what guarantees we
should require is m my humble" judgment, a
matter winch should come hefoie th'e committee
and be inserted m the contract itself, and not in
any resolut.on which thi3 honorable body mly
j But, Mr. President, in addition to other objec-
; lions, I regard this part of the amendment as an
| indignity to thehonorabieSecretary o'f the Interior,
i I do not Suppose for a moment, nor would 1 wish
to be understood as intimating- the idea thut it was
at alt intended by the mover; but suppose that this
amendment should be adopted and that the resolu-
tion should pass the two Houses of Congress, 111
conformity with the provisions of this amendment:
I desire to inquire of the Senate what sort of ex-
hibition do we make of this subject upon (he rec-
ords of the Government ? Do we not commence
| by saying that we have no confidence in the Sec-
] retary of the interior? Do we not say that we
| cannot confide to him the power of making this
i contract ? And, having said that, having said that
i we cannot trust the Secretary of the interior with
| the power of making this contract, the honorable
. Senator proposes that we siiouid take it into our
own hands, and that, when we come to the per-
! fonnance of it, we should further say, " we will
let you see if there is any failure in the execution
| of the contract in conformity with the stipula-
j tions." Sir, f think this is a poor compliment to
: the Secretary of the Interior, to come from any
j side of this Chamber. But 1 desire to propound
: for the consideration of my friend, the old inquiry:
I I wish to know what sort of printing this is? Js
! it Congressional printing, or is it departmental
printing? 1 insisted the other day that it was
departmental printing; and if so, why is Con-
gress making ariy contract about it? If, on the
other hand, it is Congressional jmntmg, why do
we call on the Secretary of the Inteiior to inter- :
fere in the matter? At 6nc moment the honorable |
Senator from North Carolina assumes that it is |
Congressional printing, and therefore he proposes [
that the contract shall be negotiated, drawn up, j
And entered into by the standing Committees on 1
Printing of both Houses of Congress. Bui, after I
we have drawn the contract, if it js Congressional :
printing, why not call upon A. 13. Hamilton to j
execute the contract? But the honorable Senator .
j being perfectly aware that this could hardly be j
' regarded as Congressional printing, and after hav- :
; ing said, as he proposes that we should say here, !
that the Secretary of the interior should not be !
intrusted with the negotiation of the contract,
he then proposes to put its execution into his !
hands with large powers—the power of abating ]
from the price if there is not an exact conformity '
with the stipulations of the contract. Now 1
object to this in toto. 1 object to it not only as an
indignity to the Secretary of the Interior, but also
on the ground that, if we take this business into
our hands at oll^ we should go through with the
work; ar.d I am for seeing to the execution of the
work: 1 am for attending to the performance of
j our own contract;! am for investing the Comrnit-
tee on Printing with the power of deciding whether
] or not there is a conformity to the terms of the con-
, tract. I object, however, in toto to having this
; thing partly m the hands of the committee of the
two Houses of Congress, and partly in the hands
of the Seuetary of the Interior. I cannot, there-
fore, agiee to any Mich proposition as this, nor
shall I agree to it, because the honorable mover
has seen fit to baptize it with the name of " com- '
promise." It isno compromise at all. It is rather*
an exaggeration of the original proposition. I have
to say to the Senate, however, that I am a compro-
mise man on all subjects; and I do no mean to ex-
hibit myself here as an extremist. Should my
amendment be rejected by a majority of this body, j
lam prepared to submit a real compromise, which i
shall be something better, and which shall be truly 1
an intermediate proposition. I have drawn up an |
amendment, which 1 hope will meet with the ap- I
probation of honorable Senators, constituting the '
majority of this body, to put this business on a fair 'j
and liberal footing—to give, in fact, to Donelson i
& Armstrong the privilege of executing this work, !•
but, at the same time, providing adequate securi- '}
ties for the public interest; to prevent, in other'!
words, a most enormous expenditure of the public
money, and the acquisition of enormous profits by '!
the gentlemen whose names tire introduced 111 this i!
resolution; and I ask the attention of the Senate to-ii
it, so that Senators may have an opportunity of if
comparing the views which I express here, in ,1
regard to an intermediate proposition, with the !
amendment proposed by the honorable Senator!
lom JNorth Carolina. This is the amendment!
i propose: J
That the-Committee on Printing be directed to contract
with Donelson & A.-mstron<j for the composition and pro-s-
work of number of copies of the returns ot the Seventh
Census, a«< trie smne are classified and arranged by the Sec-
retary of thy fnteuor, on -such term-* as they may judge to
he reasonable; and that said Secretary be directed tovcon-
tract with the lowest bidder, in conformity with the act
entitled ' An act making appropriations tor the civil and dip-
lomatic expenses of the Government for the year 1842/
approved on the 18th day of May, in the said year, for so
much paper of such quahty as he shall judge proper for the
said work ; and, in like manner, to contract for the.binding
of the said returns av printed in such style as he may deem
evpedient; provided that the parties to each of the said con-
tracts shall give sufficient security for the due performance
of the same ; and such paper as deiiveied, and such" work
as executed shall be subject to the superintendence and in-
spection of the said Secretary, or such person as be may
appoint.
Now here I propose that the Committee on
Printing—though I do not admit that this is proper
to be done by any means, for I do not admit that
this is a branch of printing that is in any sense
within the jurisdiction of the two Houses of Con-
gress—but if the Senate* by a majority, shall re-
ject my proposition, I shall assume that it is the
sense of the Senate, as they have the power, and
that it is proper for them, to direct the Committee
on Printing to enter into this contract; and, yield-
ing as I do with great cheerfulness to the opinion
of the majority in this body,I then shall propose
that the two Houses of Congress give to Donelson
& Armstrong the composition and press-work.
That is a branch which pertains to their business.
They are engaged in printing. Let them have the
composition and press-work, and I propose then
that we shall furnish our own paper and do our
own binding. And how shall we furnish our own
paper and do oi^r own binding? Not by author-
izing the Secretary of the Interior to let it out to
sorwe favorite, or to purchase the paper of some
favorite at an extravagant price: but procure it, as
all other paper is procured, from the lowest bidder,
and let out the binding to the lowest bidder. Well,
then, I desire to inquire of the Senate whether
this is not nil that Donelson & Armstrong, and
all their friends, ought to ask? I propose that
we shall gi\e them a large job, to wit, the execu-
tion of the composition and press-work; and I
propose that we shall furnish our own paper; or,
in other words, I am unwilling that Donelson &
Armstrong shall make a large profit on the paper.
Why should we squander the public money by
paying them a large profit on the paper? But if
we separate the composition and press-work from
the supply of the paper, as I propose in this
amendment to do, then -the Government will ob-
tain the paper at wholesale prices, and there will
be no loss to the Government under the head of
paper.
But if we make a contract in the manner pro-
posed in the original resolution, and m the manner
proposed by the honorable Senator from North
Carolina in his amendment, that Donelson &
Armstrong shall do the press-work and furnish the
paper, I say they will make enormous, or at least
very large profits. I do not say they will cheat
the Government, but they will do as other men do
who mean to be upright and honest. They will
purchase the paper at a lower rate than is.contem-
plated, undoubtedly, by the committee, and will
m^ke a considerable percentage on the mere paper.
But have we any assurance that the paper will not
be infenor to the standard? That has been our
experience on that subject; and have we not rea-
son to suppose that a profit will be made by the
inferiority of the paper? Sir, it is inevitable; it
ever hns been, and it ever will be so.
I propose, then, that Government shall furnish
the paper, and that it shall execute the binding of
tins work, by letting it out to the lowest bidder;
and to let out by contract the mere composition
and press-work to Donelson & Aftnstrong. Now,
I have to say that this is a real compromise, not
like the handle of a jug, all on one side; it is an
intermediate proposition, not a more extravagant
proposition, as I insist that the amendmentof the
honorable Senator from North Carolina is, th^n
the original resolution. It is an intermediate prop-
osition; and I must acknowledge, Mr. President
that I am anxious to introduce Wo the public ser-
\ice this rule of furnishing our own paper I
would furnish it for the Departments and for Con-
gress, and this would relieve us. in a great degree,
from the difficulties and embarrassments in which
we have been involved.
Now, I have no feelings on this subject what-
ever. I shall content myself with doing what I
