1384
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 17,
nized by the Calhoun Nullifies and Secessionists,
and by the Free-Soilers, like Hallett, and others
in this House, Rantoul, Ci-uvelasd, Giddings,
King, &c., &c., &c.
Thus, then, the coalition platform was built up.
But it still required bracing", and though the
Democratic organ called on its friends to sustain
the previous question, moved by the gentleman
fr6m Georgia, the Union Democrats would not
listen to its call. The previous question being
voted down, another resolution was offered by a
Union Democrat from Georgia, [Mr. Hillyer.]
First, let me state, as the record will show, that
many of the Secessionists voted for the coalition
platform. Those who in caucus voted together
for Speaker, together voted for the "compromises
of the Constitution," some for jury trial, and
some against it; some for the fugitive slave lav/,
and some for its repeal; but all for the " Compro-
mises of the Constitution," as understood by
Hallet and others in Massachusetts, and by the
Secessionists in South Carolina.
The previous question was voted down; then
the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Hillyer,] a
Union man, offered the following Whig resolu-
tion—Fillmore resolution—for it was the words
of his message:
" Resolved, That the series of acts passed during the first
session of the Thirty-first Congress, known as the compro-
mise, are regarded as a final adjustment and permanent set-
tlement of the questions therein embraced, and should be
maintained and executed as such."
For this compromise (Fillmore) resolution, as
far as I can learn from the.Tournals, every South-
ern Wilis voted. The only one called a Whig
who voted against it, was the gentleman from
Worth Carolina, who thinks both'parties are (fic-
tions, and whose opinions agree with the Seces-
sionists. I believe all those known as Secession-
ists from Virginia, South Carolina, and other
States, voted agamst this resolution; voted with
the gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr. Ci.isg-
man.] With his name are those of Fowler,
Prestom Kimc, Masn, Rantoiil, and Tuck;
with Mr. "Venablf, and- others, understood to be
opposed to the compromise measures.
Now, sir, why did the gentleman from Geoigia
[Mr. Hillyer] offer his amendment? "Because,
like a patriot, he wanted a distinct indorsement
of the compromise measures—all of them. He
wanted no dodging-p'ace for secession and aboli-
tion. Why did the Abolitionists and Secession-
ists ([ believe all of them) vote against the Com-
promise, the Union resolution ? Because itrecog-
m/.es the " final settlement of the compromise
measures !"
Now, Mr. Chairman, no man of sense can ex-
amine the course of these gentlemen, and not see
that the Democracy are preparing, under the lead
of Hallet, and such men, to paw unineanin"' reso-
lutions ill the .Baltimore Convention, and To <ri<-e
the "go-by" to the compromise resolutions—to
allow Abolitionists to agitate for jury trial and re-
peal of the fugitive law, under the conipiomises of
the Constitution; and to allow Secessionists at the
South to denounce the territorial bills, the bill
abolishing the slave trade in this District, and the
act admitting California, as doing injustice to the
South.
Sir, the logh-minded, intelligent people I repre-
sent, will see through this flimsy mask, and de-
spise the hypocrisy of those men who wish to
make party capital out of this slavery question,
and who win not abide by the compromise meas-
ures—all of them; will not supDort and sustain
them as the Whigs of the South do, as General
Scott, does—as a final settlement of the onesiions
therein embraced.
Now, Mr. Chairman, to return to the subject of
letter-writing and bids for the Presidency, let me i
say, that it is not always that a letter is the I .est •
evidence of a.man's soundness. The center i
guarantee is to be found in his past life and ser-
vices. It has been truthfully remarked •!,, r. he
who is not to be trusted without nledses. is not "to '
be the more trusted though he should m-ke them '
And, sir, if the past life and services of a man i
afford any guarantee for his future action, then is 1
that guarantee to be found in the life and services :
of Generil 3 -of. Of Southern birth and e.iuca- '
tion, upright and t.iien'e-!, American in heart and !
in action, devoted from early life to his country I
and his country's weal, he certninlv oossesses all I
the requisites necessary for the station, high as it |
is, with which his name is connected. ° !
i Sir, if you take for example the celebrated
j Coleman letter of General Jackson, you will find
' that it was construed to suit each and every lati-
tude; and, descending to later times, if you look
at the Kane letter of the late President, (Mr.
Polk,) you will find that that also was subjected
to similar construction. And again, sir, if we
, glance at General Cass's Nicholson letter, we find
; that it also was construed to suit every meridian
■ of the Union. That letter, sir, has passed through
many editions,and under numerous supervisions,
to meet the exigencies of the times; and it is
, doubtless now undergoing a revision, and will be
i presented in such a form as will be most likely to
1 strike the public mind favorably in case he should
become a candidate for the Presidency. And, sir,
[ it is probable that the various editions of his life
\ also, will be revised for a like purpose.
: Mr. Chairman, it has been said that the attempt
to elect General Scott to the Presidency will, at
I least in the South, be a splendid failure. Sir, I do
not claim to speak for the South. I do not pre-
tend to be invested with the power to look into the
future. It has been proclaimed that Tennesspe will
not sustain him. I am not here invested with
authority to commit my State to the support of any
man. I claim no such power; bit I am not willing
to say, nor am I prepared to admit, or believe, that
my State—one of the proudest of the Confederacy,
one that has vindicated her devotion to the princi-
ples of the Whig party in every presidential con-
i test from 1836 to the present time—w ill now aban-
don her long-cherished principles. Who is author-
ized to say that she will ingloriously retreat in the
■ approaching contest, and permit her proud banner,
that has floated in glorious triumph over a thousand
hard fought fields, to trail in the dust? Others
may distrust her fidelity and devotion to the coun-
try and the principles she has so long espoused;
. but as for myself, I do not distrust her. She has
learned her principles in a school not soon to be
forgotten. She has at all times attested her devo-
tion to her principles, and my word for it, she will
be found faithful among the faithless, and her ban-
ner will yet wave in triumph amidst the fiercest
strife, and no blot shall stain her cscutchcon. Her
motto has ever been, and, I trust, will ever be,
"Fearless and faithful."
: Let me say to my Democratic friends, that you
have got no time to swap horses; you have your own
! feuds to adjust, instead of distressing yourselves
; upon the question whether the Whig party will
lay down a sound platform, and whether a national
! candidate will be placed on it. Look to your own
! troubles, which are thickening upon you; your
' State conventions have nearly all given the go-by
to the compromise measures; your Free-Soil wing
here, who are numerous and influential, in warn-
] mg tones give notice in their speeches, and in
| heated conversation, that the attempt to make the
finality of the compromise measures a part of the
Democratic platform in convention, will prove
abortive; whilst the State-Rights Secession wing
refuse to acknowledge its binding efficacy.*
[Here the hammer fell. |
*Note.—Since the delivery of this speech, If, J,
in the Republic of the 18th of May, 1853, the to -
lowing letter, uhich, I understand, comes from a
respectable gentleman. I publish this as one ot
many instances of the coalition between the De-
mocracy and the Abolitionists. These are the
allies of those who denounce General Scott!
EvtraU of a Icttcrfrom a gentleman in Boston to a friend
In thil city:
t'.os row May l.'S, IS.V?
* - * "The coa'itio.i Sena'e haspa^eda bill winch
1 I my juila-iienl. i:.i!V.i.\- the firuuvu laiv. It has passed to
a third i aci:j-4 n, I':.' Ilou-o. Ihnuqhthcic [-■ hope it will be
killed '.'<!)ci) I! pomes up Ibr eusrio-sment. The vote in the
Senate I nielo-e you. The politics of each member is
marked. You will notice, anions the yeas, the name of
Mr. Ilaswell, who w the editor o. Ihe Boston Tiroes, :t Lo-
eofoco paper in tint, city, that has the names of Douglas and
Hunter for President and Vice President at tile head of its
column- He voted for it. You will al,o notice the name
of f,!r. Knowlton. He is til" editor of the Woi center Palla-
dium, a I-ocofoco paper. He has been a candidate for Con-
: - .'-eveial times, and l: the delegate lioin that district to
t.ic Democratic Vational doriventiun Knowiton no* only
voted for it, but be spoke m favor of if.
f w.Ii tiy and piocure a copy of the bill. The vote m
both Houses was nearly a party vote. Outofone hundred
and ninety-sit Win^s m the House, only four voted for it •
with the-e four ewiptions, the whole of the yeas are fiom
the Democrat* and Pree-Soilers.
In the Senate, only one Whig voted lor it."
This bill was supported by Hallett's friends—
i Mr. CLINGMAN. It!o notintendtodetainthe
! committee now by a speech, in reply to my friend
j from Tennessee, [Mr. Cullom,] for two reasons.
. In the first place, I, as a member of the Commit-
| mittee on Territories, am extremely averse to
J having the time devoted to territorial business
J taken up by this political debate, and I intend to
| ask that the committee lise, in order that the
House may pass a resolution terminating debate.
I But, secondly, as I am on the floor for this pur-
i pose, I assure the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
i Cullom] that the reason why I do not reply to
I him now is not that I have any lack of respect for
him individually, or for his effort. The gentleman
has obviously passed over all the seceders except
myself. He probably thought that he would not
be a match for any of these individuals, and
selected me as the weakest and humblest of the
number. While I readily admit that the gentle-
man has shown great judgment and prudence in
choosing his antagonists, i nevertheless say to
him, if the occasion was such as, in my judgment,
to require it, that even I, humble as I admit my-
self to be in comparison with the gentlemen who
were associated with me, would not fear to meet
him on these issues, and with litfle fear of the
result. But everybody sees that the object of the
gentleman is to avoid all collision with the others.
They might possibly, in his opinion, prove too
formidable for him, or else his object is to place
me preeminently conspicuous in this matter, not
with the view of benefiting me, but of injuring
j them. Now, I say to the gentleman, that in as-
! signing me the place of leader, he pays rne the
i greatest compliment in his power, for there is no
i body of the same number mentioned in all history
\ that I should be prouder to be associated with as
a comrade than the gentlemen who seceded from
! that caucus. The object of the gentleman is, to
• injure them, through me, by indirectly intimating
; that they must he a very feeble party, when they
j have such a poor leader. Now, those gentlemen
can take care of themselves, and need no defense
| from me. Nobody knows better than the gentle-
I man from Tennessee, [Mr. Ccllom,] so far from
. being the leader, or even a prominent actor, I was,
I in fact, only a follower.
But the gentleman finding that he is placed in a
position where he cannot defend himself before
the country—for his whole speech to-day is but a
confession of that, as every one must see—finding
Haswe'l and Knowiton—no doubt warm fi iends
of the "compromises of the Constitution," but
willing to nullify a law of Consress, provided that
the Democratic "Governor of Massachusetts shall
appoint commissioners in every county to aid in
procuring the discharge of persons arrested as fu-
gitive slaves; and, also, for a habeas corpus in favor
of tiie fugitive slave; and, if the slave is not dis-
( charged by the judge, he may claim jury trial,
j These men would all, no doubt, vote for the
, resolution recognizing the "compromises of the
Constitution," but are for nullifying the " com-
1 promise measures."
The following is the vote of the House of Rep-
J resentafive upon Mr. Hii.lyer's amendment:
I YKAIS Me-^rs. Willis All™, Appieton, Thorna-i II.
Bayly, Bealc, Bowie, llteckituidse, llnjgs. liiooks, Geomc
II. IJrown. Bllsby. 1'.. Caninntnn Cabell, (.'handle! riaik
i'obb, Cullom, Cuius, Join, G, Ilavi-, Daw--on, Docktrv'
.■unhani, Kihmind-'ou, Ewincr. Faulkcr, Fieklin Fiteh
Ftoieuce. freeman. HrmyM. Ful!e.\ tihiuuu- i j) Fuller'
i Gamble, Uenhv, Gorman, Grc\, Ibill, Hamiltor 11am-
| niond, Hail, ilaiv. Haven.. Hemlncks, Heim, Ihbbaid,
liilyri, Houston, Jioward, In-erso!!. Jackson, Andrew
Johnson, laaic-Johnson, « ,  ;. w Jone-. Kulm-, Km!/.
Landry. LVieliei. Loeki'art, Mace, H. ■'. Mar-lull' Hui'ii-
Dlney Mar-hall. -Warim,;>Ia«<ui, JWn'o/Ue. McUoin.hi. Ale
t.anahan. yh Mnilm, MUIei, John Ajooie, IVJotehead, >iur-
i ray, Nailers, Outlaw, S. IV. Parker. l'ea-lee, Pei.u. Polk,
I otu-r, * rice, !■ nidk-. Jlob'. ni£, Robinson, Ko* -
: ©avajre, :<cIii'ru;yrhoin, c-hiuv. Davjd !,. Seymour. (>riL^it
■ 5> W,.ymou.,Frrdmrk P. FUdufon, iliciiant
li. Stan fori, tflon", Hi. .Vtanm. ^tmrhfr, Stuar!. Suthotland,
G. *V. Thomp-on, Yv'nNh, W.ud, Watkins, Addis-on White
Alexander Wniio, Wilcox, ,ditl William—](K}.
IVAVtf—Me-^rs*. A.iken. Alison, A-h<>. Averett, Tmbcoek,
D.J. Banoy, "Rauem, Kaitletf, Boeoek, Brn^ Hrenton,
Albert G-. IJrown, IUiHI. J. Cnblp, I,. D. Campbell T.
Campbell. Catlne. Chapman, Chngfnati, Conner, Daniel,
J-)ofy, Durkee,, R.Mrc'tru E(l«erton, rio\d, FowIpj, (iav-
lord, Goodenoyv, Goodrich, Giow, Ffat pj'r, [loUutlrv, Hofs-
ibrd, JoIhi W. Howe, Thomas >J. Ffow^, ^UI)terJ, [yo^
Jenkins, John John-on, l'.,bort W. Johnson, Daniel T?
Jones Pies'on Kii.it. .Mann, AjcQuccm, Meachum, Meade'
jMillson, Molonv, "\Vwton. Old?., Orr, Pemnman, Perkm*'
rovvcil, Rantoul. Ru-r-eli, tfarketr, Seliooio.att.'Heudder'
Smart, Beinamm Stanton, Abiaharn P. Fteven*, Hti.mon'
Sweetber, Benjamin Thompson. Tuck, Venahle. Waibrid^e'
Wallacc. Wadibura, Welld, Woudward5and Wres—'
