1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2249
Mr. FOWLER. Will the gentleman from
North Carolina let me say one word?
Mr. VENABLE. I cannot. I have not time.
I presume that the gentleman from Massachusetts,
and the gentleman from Tennessee, were treated
in the same way that I was.
Mr. TAYLOR. I desire to interrupt the gen-
tleman for the purpose of calling his attention to
the law now in existence that regulates this whole
matter.
Mr. VENABLE. I care nothing at all about
the law.
Mr. TAYLOR. I merely wish to have it read,
Mr. VENABLE. The gentleman can oppose
my amendment, and have the law read in his own
five minutes. Sir, the whole Navy Department
lias been employed for the purpose of sustaining
the favorites of the Secretary. Gentlemen here
have had their recommendations treated with con-
tempt, and the individuals recommended by them
have not been appointed. They have been told
there were no vacancies in their districts, and
then individuals from those districts have been
put into the Naval School without regard to their
recommendations. Sir, this power ought to be
taken from the Secretary of the Navy. If we
have the power to nominate cadets for the Acad-
emy at West Point, we ought to have precisely
the same power to control these appointments.
Mr. FLORENCE. I hope the gentleman will
let me tell my experiences. I have had eleven ap-
plications from my district.
Mr. VENABLE. The injustice of this system
is obvious.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I am obliged
to oppose this amendment, and say a word in
justification of the Secretary of the Navy. I be-
lieve it is an amendment which is in direct conflict
with the resolutions of 1798. I believe that the
Secretary of the Navy and all the other Secre-
taries, are bound by the resolutions of 1798-'39,
together with Madison's commentaries, to appoint
nearly all the officers of this Government from
Virginia, [laughter,] and, if this amendment passes,
it takes away that privilege which has hereto-
fore been so faithfully exercised, [renewed laugh-
ter .] Being a violation of those sacred resolution s,
1 hold it to be even worse than violating both the
Baltimore platforms put together, because it is
violating fundamental principles superior to the
Constitution itself, [laughter.] How does any
gentleman who holds to those resolutions, dare to
rise here and censure the officers of this Govern-
ment for following them out ? Why, I know that
the Secretary of the Interior has taken so many
Whigs from certain Whig districts—for instance,
from the Wheeling district—and put them into
offices here, that he left none at home to vote for
the Whig candidates, and they were defeated.
[Great laughter.]
Now, sir, for these reasons, I trust that this
amendment or this resolution will be voted down,
and that those resolutions, old and venerable, will
prevail.
Mr. FLORENCE. I want to ask the gentle-
man a question.
Mr. STEVENS. I have done.
Mr. FLORENCE. I want to know whether
the Baltimore platform contained this principle?
[Cries of " Order!"]
The CHAIRMAN. No further debate is in
order.
Mr. FLORENCE. I think it is clearly in order
to ask mv colleague from Pennsylvania a question
of that kind.
[Renewed cries of "Order!"]
The question was then taken on the amendment
to the amendment, and it was adopted.
Mr. FLORENCE. I offer the following amend-
ment to the amendment:
Provided, That the Piesidentbe,andheis hereby,author-
ized and required, in addition to the number ot midship-
men now directed to be appointed, to select ten additional
midshipmen who shall be appointed at large, without being
conlined to Congressional districts.
Mr. F. said: I will state, that a similar provis-
ion is embodied in the law appointing cadets to the
West Point Academy, and it is no more than right
and proper, that the same privilege should be ex-
tended to the Naval School at Annapolis.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I trust the com-
mittee will not adopt this provision, because it is
well known that we have now a great many more
midshipmen than the wants of the country require;
and a great many more passed midshipmen and
lieutenants than the wants of the service require;
and what is the use of creating officers for which
we have 110 duty ?
Mr. FLORENCE. We want them for the fu-
ture marine service of the country.
[Cries of " Order!"]
The CHAIRMAN. No further debate is in
order.
Mr. FLORENCE. I had notgot through with
my five minutes—I only yielded to the gentleman
from Kentucky.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Then I beg the gen-
tleman's pardon. I thought he had finished.
Mr. FLORENCE. I will merely state that
these midshipmen are just the men we want to
enter into the civil marine service. I apprehend
there is not a man in this House—for I heard it
in the discussion upon the bill to provide for pun-
ishment in the Navy—who will not agree that
there is great need for reform in the great commer-
cial marine of the country.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. Imerelywish
to say that 
The CHAIRMAN. No further, debate is in
order.
Mr. STANTON. I wish to speak in opposi-
tion to the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Breckinriiigf.] spoke in opposition
to the amendment.
Mr. STANTON. Then the gentleman from
Pennsylvania had no right to reply.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. If anybody is en-
titled to the floor to speak in opposition to the
amendment, I am.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state that
thegentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Florence]
first took the floor, made his speech, and, as the
Chair thought, yielded altogether. The floor was
then taken by thegentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Breckinridge,] in opposition to the amendment.
Afterwards, the gentleman from Pennsylvania
claimed the floor, upon the ground that he had only
yielded to the gentleman from Kentucky and had
not consumed his five minutes.
Mr. FLORENCE. I rise to a point of order.
While I was addressing the committee, the gen-
tleman from Kentucky rose and was recognized
by the Chair, and occupied a portion of my time.
I intended to say further as a reason why my
amendment should be adopted, that there are
eleven already appointed in my district, and I
want these ten added to be selected from the coun-
try at large, so that I may get the President to ap-
point another.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman is not sta-
ting a point of order.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I rise to a point
of order. I understand the Chair decides that the
gentleman from Pennsylvania first took the floor,
and addressed the committee. The gentleman
from Kentucky then took the floor, and spoke in
opposition to the amendment, and had the five
minutes considerably extended to him, and then
the gentleman from Pennsylvania was again al-
lowed to speak m reply. Now I say, the Chair
had no right to allow him to both open and close
debate upon an amendment under the five min-
UltCS rul6
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the gen-
tleman's point is well taken. The proceeding was
irregular.
Mr. JOHNSON. If the Chair decides that the
gentleman was in order, then I appeal from that
decision, for the Chair cannot control the action
of the House.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is upon the
amendment to the amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON. I demand to be heard in op-
position to that amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Breckinridge] has already spoken in
opposition to it, and no further debate is in order.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then how did it happen that
the gentleman from Pennsylvania spoke m the af-
firmative afterwards ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has already
said that it was irregular.
Mr. JOHNSON. Well, the Chair allowed it,
and I appeal from the decision of the Chair in al-
lowing it. [Laughter.]
[Renewed cries of " Order!"]
Mr. JOHNSON. I want this fact shown in re-
lation to this whole matter—and this is but another
instance of the same kind—that when anything
was to be done in relation to this Annapolis school,
this Government has acted upon principles of the
grossest favoritism and injustice. I have never
had an appointment to that school from my dis-
trict at all. [Cries of "Order!" "Order!"] I
have been in Congress for six years, and I say
six years is a long enough time for a vacancy to
have occured in that district. ["Order!" "Or-
der!"] I want to call the attention of the House
to the fact of the injustice and inequality which
has been shown in the management of this school.
Mr. KING, of New York. I rise to a point of
order. I want to know whether the gentleman
ftom Arkansas has the right to speak upon this
amendment, after two speeches have already been
made ?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ar-
kansas is not in order.
Mr. JOHNSON. Well, I object utterly to the
amendment; it is but ten more who will be subject
to the same favoritism.
[Loud cries of " Order!" " Order !"]
The question was taken, and the amendment to
the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. Is it now in order
to speak against the amendment ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not.
Mr. BAYLY. Then I move to strike out from
the amendment the word " recommend." I do it
for the purpose of saying that, in my opinion,
that provision is in conflict with the Constitution
of the United Stales, and not in conflict with the
resolutions of 1798, as the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Stevens] seemed to suppose that
a similar amendment was. [Great laughter.] But
what I desire to say is in reply to the flings which
have been made at Virginia and Maryland, in re-
spect to the number of officeis which those two
States have in the Navy. Now, sir, the history
of that matter is this: In the late war with Great
Britain, the States of Virginia and Maryland, and
other Atlantic States, so far from coming before
this Government to ask an undue patronage, the
President appealed to the patriotism of the young
men of the country to enter into the naval service,
which was then in its infancy. That call was
promptly responded to by Maryland, by Vir-
ginia, and by New Jersey, and the other Atlan-
tic States; and it is in consequence, or mainly in
consequence of that, that there are so many offi-
cers of the higher grade in the Navy from those
States, and subsequently it was natural that those
living on the sea-coast should have been most
anxious to enter that service. Well, sir, a number
of years ago, upon the motion of a gentleman from
Massachusetts, (Mr. Parmenter,) at that time the
chairman of the Committee on Naval Affairs, a
provision was inserted in the naval bill, that no
new appointments should be made into the Navy
from those States which had received more than
their share, according to the ratio of representa-
tion, until equality between the States should be
established. And what has been the result? I beg
leave to call the attention of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] to that point: What
has been the result5 There has not been a mid-
shipman appointed from Virginia from the time of
the passage of that law to this day, and there
probably cannot be another for the next eight or
ten years. In other words, so far as this patron-
age or appointment to office is concerned, by the
action of the Congress of the United States, the
States of Maryland, Virginia, and New Jersey,
and those other States to which this proscription
applies, have actually been punished for tlicir
patriotism.
Mr. STUART. It maybetruethat there have
not been appointments made which have been
charged to Virginia since that time, but there have
been appointments made of individuals who re-
Isided in that State. I know of one instance where
a boy was sent from the State of Virginia to Ohio
to reside just long enough to gain a residence in
that State, in order to get an appointment in the
Navy from the State of Ohio.
Now, sir, the evil I mean to strike at is clearly
indicated in my amendment. I mean the thing
shall be called by its right name. If an appoint-
ment is made and charged to my district, 1 want
the appointee shall reside there, and not be a resi-
dent of Virginia or any other portion of the coun-
try. It now perpetrates great injustice upon most
