1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1385
that he has gotten into a place where he will not
be able to carry the burden placed upon him by
public opinion, has endeavored to shift it oil'upon
me. I have a great deal of charity, but I have
not quite enough to make me willing to carry so
heavy a load as he has on him. No; he must
carry his own cross to the place of execution. I
do not intend to be a cross-bearer for him or any
one else. Each gentleman must answer for his
own sins, and defend himself before his party.
As to what the gentleman has said to-day, I have
no apprehension that it will hurt me in any re-
spect. I have often heard much louder thunder;
and when he publishes his speech, in which he
says he intends to make some references to me,
and make quotations from some of my speeches,
if I find that his m«de of arraying1 these things
should be such as to require defense, I will be
ready enough to make it. But I am not soft
enough to engage in this fight now. My position
is well understood by the country, and even if it
were otherwise, I should not now regard it as
proper for me to consume the public time in my
defense. I intend to wait, and let this contest g«
on for the present, and if I see a fitting occasion,
and shall hove reason to believe that a speech from
me would be of service to the country, I shall
make it. I am always ready to defend myself
before my constituents when I think it necessary,
and am equally ready to do it before the public 111
the newspapers, when I think the occasion re-
quires it, and if it should become necessary, which
I can scarcely suppose, I shall not fail to do it
here. But whenever I can advance the public in-
terests, I will be as prompt as any other gentle-
man to take part in the discussion. I appeal to
the committee to let us go through with this: ter-
ritorial business, as I think we may be able to
finish it in two days, and then allow the political
discussion to 20 on.
Mr. FITCH. Will the gentleman from North
Carolina give me time to briefly answer such re- 1
marks of the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Cullom] as relate personally to myself?
Mr. CLINGMAN. I will give way for a short
tune, if the committee will consent. My object is
to make the motion 1 have indicated.
Mr. FITCH. If the gentleman wishes it, I can
close with making the motion which he desires to
make. The gentleman' from Tennessee [Mr.
Cullom] appears willing to
' Compound for be i-« i
]>y damning tho^e ho ha*
1 nod to,
ninsi! to.v
He seeks to blind the country to his inclination
to aid the success of General Scott's non-committal
policy, by denouncing me for placing my humble
opinions upon record.
If the gentleman was really as desirous of tell-
ing the whole truth, arid thereby doing jn^tu'e to r>
political opponent, as he is of apologising for the
mum policy of his presidential candidate, he would
have informed the House, of what his researches
into my political opinions have doubtless informed
him, namely—that interrogatoriessimilar to those
he has read, and read my answers, were pro-
pounded to me two yeais after the date of those he
has paraded before the House, with an additional
one, asking if I would vote for repeal or modifiea- I j
tion of the fugitive slave law, and answers! >n ihe i1
negative, with the reasons 111 full which governed j;
the answer. The answer he has road, was m ac- j;
cordance with the then sentiments of a large por- '
tion of the citizens of ray .State, ft coincided !
with the then opinions of most of the Democrats ;
of my district, and also with the opinion of most
of the Whig party of the State. It is an answer j!
which had been previously given, m substance,
by my then Whig competitor. The sentiments and
opinions, of which such answer to such interrog- j.
atories was the legitimate consequence, were in- \_
duced by a course of action precisely similar to j'
the one now advocated by the gentleman, namely !■
—the nomination and election of a candidate for I1
the Presidency, without asking any pjedge or any :
opinion from" him, upon the sectional question '
then at issue. The Democrats of my folate, my-
self included, had opposed the proviso, and warmly
advocated tiie election of a candidate openly ,
pledged to opposition to it. The Whig*, and es- ^
pccially you Whigs of the Soutn, aiked no such 1
pledge—no opinion from yonr candidate. "You. ,
thereby courted Free-Soil votes to his support.
You elected him. We were indignant at your J;
abandonment of those in the North, who were
striving to defend your constitutional rights—in-
dignant at ydur indifference to your own rights
and interests, and your willingness to sacrifice
them to party political success. We determined
to no longer fight your battles upon our soil, and
at our cost, in our anger, we determined to per-
mit the Free-Soilers—ay, aid them—in presenting
the bitter chalice to your hps, which you had
helped them prepare, You know the result, in the
dangerous agitation and excitement of the last
Congress. But the compromise passed. We are
desirous, for the peace and welfare of the country,
that it should remain undisturbed, and its provis-
ions be executed in good faith.
Hence 1 have sustained it as a settlement—and
as I hope, a final settlement of the slavery contro-
versy; and when, two years after the interroga-
tories the gentleman has read, others of a similar
character were presented to me, wjth the addition
I have mentioned—full time having been afforded
within the two years to examine, in all their bear-
nigs, the principles involved in them—I answered
them m the negative, stating that affirmative action
upon some of them would be unconstitutional;
upon others, impolitic and bad faith towards the
South; and upon any of them, useless and danger-
ous. This negative answer was given when I was
told—and had no reason to doubt the correctness of
the statement—that my election depended upon an
affirmative answer; but I coupled the answer with
the declaration to those to whomit was made, that
it was in accordance with my honest convictions,
and that though it might insiue my defeat, 1 had far
iathei remain a private citizen, sustaining the Con-
stitution and the Union as it is, than be elected to
Congress, pledged to a policy which my judgment
taught me was dangerous to both. If the gentle-
man from Tennessee is disposed to array this
against me as a change of opinion, he should hear
m mind that his candidate for the Presidency is
amenable to the same charge of change, relative
to his alleged views of native Americanism, and
several oilier isms. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee does not understand me as arraigning Gen-
eral Scott's opinions, no one can arraign them,
for no one know s what they are. I make no com-
plain! of his opinions, but of his refusal, if he en-
tertains any, to make them known. He refuses
to inform the country whether he is in favor of
carrying out, or extending, certain laws, the faith-
ful execution of which, 111 the opinion of many, is
essential to the peace, and consequently to the
prospeiity, of the country; or whether he will act
with those, or permit their action, who are de-
posed to violate or lepea! such laws. It is because
.if this refusal—this non-committal policy, that
Genera! Scott is called the mum candidate. If the
gentleman from Tennessee, arid his friends of the
South, again adopt this policy, and are again suc-
cessful under it, they will again have evinced their
httie regard for their own rights and interests, and
have jeopardized both by placing both in the keep-
ing of the Seward Free-Soil wmg of their party.
They will again have crushed those of the North
who aie willing to defend the rights of ihe South.
They will have invited aggression, and at the same
time have rendered powerless those of the North
who were willing to aid in repelling it They
neei, therefore, make no useless complainings if
aggression comes.
1 have said, and repeat it, that. General Scott lias
made no declaration of his opimons upon all the :
compromise measures, and will make none unVsa '
by the advice and with the consent of tiie leadeis
of the Sewaid wmg of Ins party. And if any is
made with their consent, it will be of such emuv- ;
ooal char.tder as to present a Northern and ,
Southern fice—permit of one interpretaUon at the
North, and another at the South. The gentleman
arrays agamst me my vote on the fugi'i\e slave
bi'l. Tie may esteem it what lie chooses. It is a
vote I shall at all times be ready and willing to
justify. The bill, I thought, went beyond any
necessity for the enforcement of, that provision of
tiie Constitution which requiies the delivery of
fugitives. But under the operation of the previous
question, there was no opportunity for debate or
amendment, and no othermeans of dissenting from
any of its provisions than a negative vote against
the bill. It is now the law, and opposition to it
should cease, and its provisions be fully and faith-
fully enforced; and more especially since any real
or fancied concessions in the law to the South, 1
have their corresponding concessions to the Norih
in other laws of the same series.
That gentleman, and others of his Southern
political friends who are testifying in behalf of
General Scott, declare, and probably believe, that
he is in favor of sustaining the compromise. But
if he is so, why does he pertinaciously refuse to
so state to the public? And why does not some
one of his Free-Soil supporters corroborate the
testimony of these Southern witnesses ? The only
semblance of a public expression upon his part to
which reference is had relative to any of the com-
| promise measures, is of a date prior to the passage
I of the fugitive slave law, and is therefore no indi-
; cation of his opinion relative to that law. Does
i such partial expression satisfy the gentleman from
i Tennessee? The gentleman says that the eora-
| promise resolution which I introduced is to be the
i non-committal platform upon which Democrats
! fromtheNorthandSouthmaystand. Thewarmest
compromise friend of General Scott would doubt-
| less be satisfied if his peculiar friends—those who
| are so noisily testifying in his behalf—would per-
suade him to publish to the country a compromise
platform, even one half more non-committal than
'that! The gentleman's speech, and the speeches
■ of certain other Southern Whigs, are but the ad-
i vance, the forerunner of a movement, the resultof
! which will be a universal " caving in" upon the
I part of Southern Whigs to the support of General
Scott. The gentleman from North Carolina,
I [Mr. Stanly,] who wos the first in the House to
i hoist the Scott flag, will soon be the leader of the
1 Southern Whigs. They may wince now under
; his discipline, and manifest signs of meeting, but
[ they will ultimately fall into his ranks, and march
I in his rear to the support of their mum candi-
! date—not because they expect him to administer
, the Government in accordance with the principles
; they now advocate, but because they may receive
' assurances that he will make such "disposition of
; the offices as will meet their wishes !
1 Mr. RICHARDSON was next recognized by
, the Chair.
j Mr. CLINGMAN. I merely gave way to the
1 gentleman from Indiana for explanation.
I The CHAIRMAN. Then the gentleman from
North Carolina is entitled to the floor.
I Mr. CLINGMAN. I am willing to hear the
i suggestion of the gentleman from Illinois.
! Mr. RICHARDSON. My suggestion is, that
j a gentleman cannot hold the floor, and deal it
i round to four or five gentlemen, and then claim it
I back.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I yielded by unanimous
! consent, and so stated. I will now move that the
committee ri.'-c.
Mr. GENTRY. Will the gentleman allow me
to say a few words before he makes that mo-
tion ?
Mr. CLINGMAN. Certainly I will if there is
no objection.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee can proceed if there be no objection.
No objection being made—
Mr. GENTRY. I do not wish to makea speech,
and shall not tax the patience of the committee at
all to-diy. I merely wish to say, that during a
congressional career somewhat protiacted for as
young a man as I am, it has been a uniform rule
of action with me, whenever 1 could do so, and I
have generally found that 1 could do it, to decline
political contests upon this floor with my own col-
leagues, even of the adverse party, if it was need-
ful for me at any time, in the performance of what
I (.'.Ueeund to Le my duty, to shiver a lance, I
always chose rather to select an antagonist fiom
some other State. I have often felt here that col-
lisions betwixt the members from any State ex-
hibiting the local controversies, criminations, and
recriminations which exist in our local politics
everywhere, were in bad taste, and as long as i
can pos.-ihly do so it is my purpose to avoid any
such exhibition upon this floor. I say this by way
of accounting for the fact that I do not intend to join
issue with my colleague, [Mr. Cullom,] who has
addressed the House to-day. But, at the same
time, it is due to myself to A.xy that I dissent from
many of the conclusions which he has arrived at
in his speech, and that I intend, in due time, to
discuss the questions which have been debated by
him on this occasion. I desire to say further, as
I am upon the floor, that in nothing that I have
said or written, or to which I have appended my
