1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
473
conceive to be my duty. The Senate having been
pleased to assign me a situation on the Committee
on Printing, I have been constrained to come before
the Senate in relation to this subject. I regret to
differ from other honorable members of this body,
but I have expressed my hon^t convictions in
this regard. I believe my original amendment is
right, and I humbly conceive nought to be adopt-
ed by a majority of this honorable body. How-
ever, if the judgment of the majority be other-
wise, and if that amendment be rejected, then I
will come before the Senate with this compromise
proposition; and 1 believe there are moderate
members enough in this honorable body who do
not desire any arrangement to be made with Don-
elson &• Armstrong except what is a reasonable
arrangement; who do not desire to hand over to
them an enormous amount of profits in this man-
ner. I trust and believe there are honorable mem-
bers enough to be found in this body who will
yield their assent to the intermediate measure
which I now propose. And I have to say further,
that if it should assume the form which 1 have in-
dicated, although I believe it is wrong in principle
and bad in practice, yet I believe the result of it
will be such that the people of the country will
have no occasion of complaint. I believe there
will be no very great amount of the public treasure
squandered upon these gentlemen, who, I doubt
nor, are very deservedly and very properly the
favorites of a majority of this honorable body.
With these remarks, I yield the subject to the
hands of the Senate, prepared to acquiesce in any
result to which the Senate may come.
Mr. BADGER. I had not the slightest expect-
ation that the amendment which I offered would,
for a moment, command the assent *und meet the
approbation of the Senator from Connecticut. I
had no wild and visionary ideas that that Senator
would be satisfied with anything winch he did not
himself propose. I confess I did have some faint
hope that he would have departed from his usual
practice of lashing himself into a rage upon any
exhibition m this body of an opinion different from
that entertained by himself. The hope was faint;
still it existed. But, in that 1 have been unhap-
pily disappointed.
The Senator concluded by a declaration that he
has no feeling on this subject. How are we to
judge whetherhe has or not? Are all the external
exhibitions of heat, and animation, and force, and
insinuation, put on? Would the Senator have lis
understand that it was all acting, and that, while
beseems to be in a toweling passion at the ex-
pectation of some ruthless violence, some atrocious
fraud, some deep and large plundering of the pub-
lic Treasury, which are likely to be perpetrated on
the country, he is all the time perfectly cool, and
feels nothing of what he exhibits in mannei and
expresses in language?
The honorable Senator speaks'of oppression and
extortion, and yet he is perfectly cool. What is
there in the character of Messrs. Donelson &
Armstrong that entitles him to talk about "oppres-
sion and extortion r" If the Senator means what
he said, how is that consistent with his subse-
quent declaration that he meant no impeachment
upon their character, and that he supposed them
to be worthy and good men r If the latter decla-
ration be sincere, how can he justify himself m
accusing men, whom he admits to be upright, of
intended oppression and extortion?
Bat further: the honorable Senator seems to be
.stimulated to almost a fury against myself; and
having1, the other day, very strongly intiimted
that the Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Bright,]
who introduced the original resolution, had sfme
secret purpose to be engaged in plundering the
Treasury, he now intimates that I am disposed to
o-o even further than that honorable and absent
Senator. Mr. President, I am, myself, generally
in the habit of supposing that I am operated upon
by honest motives m what I do. What I propose,
i avow. And feeling conscious of such a princi-
ple and motive of action in myself, I am not or-
dinarily m the habit of supposing that those who
differ from me must therefore necessarily be in-
fluenced by bad motives, or must act thiough dis-
honest and insidious purposes and ends. Aftei
havi <* made these remarks, let me ask the atten-
tion of the Senate for a moment to see what it is
that, has stirred up this "tempest in a tea-pot, on
this occasion.
The honorable Senator says that he objects to
| my proposed amendment to his, in the first place,
! because it will place the committee under great cm-
| barrassments in making the contract. Why?
j Because it does not specify the nmnoer of copies
| to be printed,, I have been a shoi ter period of time
! in public life than the honorable Senator, although
! I trust I have rather cooled down and restrained
| the passions of my nature, and used my btief ex-
; perience to a more profitable extent than the Sena-
tor from Connecticut; but I supposed that he
would understand that I meant to do one thing at
a time. The first object with me, is to ascertain
whether the plan which my amendment proposes,
for the execution of this public printing, meets the
approbation of the Senate. If it does not, why
cumber it with a clause about the number of copies
to be printed ? If the Senate are not disposed to
print on that plan at all, it is idle to talk about the
number of copies. When we shall have ascer-
tained that the Senate will adopt my proposed
plan of printing, I shall be prepared to relieve my
honorable friend of the Committee1 on Printing
from the dreadful embarrassments to which lie sup-
poses the committee will be subjected.
In (he next place, the honorable Senator says
he objects to my amendment, because it offers an
indignity to the Secretary of the Interior. He
very charitably supposes that perhaps 1 did not
mean any indignity; that my heart was right, but
that I had not understanding to perceive that 1 was j
offering an insult to that gentleman. I beg to as-1
sure the Senator, that I not only consider myself
incapable of offering; an insult to anybody who j
comes before this Senate—not only to the Score- j
tary of the Liteiior, but to the cuinei> on of a i
public printing establishment, or bindery, f r any- '
thing else—for I hope the principle by which I am j
regulated is to treat men, m all classes of society, j
with proper respect and decorum. I am not only I
as incapable as the Senator of offering an insult
and an affront to a gentleman whom I esteem, but
I think myself as capable to distinguish when lan-
guage does import an affront. What is the affront
which the honorable Senator says I have ventiued,
because I do not know the effect and purpoitof the
language I have used in this amendment, to offer
to the Secretary of the Interior ? It is, that I pro-
pose to give to him an absolute control, without
appeal, upon the fidelity with which this work is
to be executed; that 1 have such an entire confi-
dence in him, such a reliance upon his fairness,
intelligence, and honor, that I am willing to submit
to him to say, without constituting any tribunal of
appeal from lam, whether these contractors shall
have executed the work according to the agice-
ment, and by his meie word to strike down the
compensation agreed to be allowed them, to any
extent he pleases. - Is that an indignity ? Does it
imply any disrespect to the honorable Secretary ?
I imagine the honorable Senator is the only man
in this Chamber, or in the world, who could sup-
pose so.
Let us trace this matter upon the point of indig-
nity a little. What does the honorable Senator
himself propose? What is the existing law with
regard to the departmental printing? Does it give
any discretion to the head of a Department? Is ;
he not lequtred to advertise for whatever printing ;
and supplies he needs in his office'1 Is he not ab- j
solutely compelled to give it to the lowest bidder? \
The only trust reposed in him is, that he will be ;
able to tell that £650 is less than $675. My amend- I
ment proposes not to put him in that degrading !
position. I say that it is a degrading position, j
and I would willingly, if 1 could, abolish the whole i
system. But the amendment proposes that the ^
committee of Congress s>hall make this contract; j
and when the contract is made, we trust to the in- ;
telligence, fairness, and fidelity of the Secretary ,
of the interior to see that it is faithfully executed. ;
Where is the inconsistency of this? The honor- '
i able Senator says, that if this be Congressional ,
■ printing, we are violating our contract with the ;
i persons who have stipulated to do the work for
■ the two Houses of Congress. I admit it is not •
; Congressional printing, "it does not come within j
; the terms of the contract for doing the Congres-;
; sional printing. x\o man supposes it does. j
; Then, in the next place, the honorable Senator 1
1 savs it is departmental printing, and therefore it 1
: is usurpation for the legislative body of this coun-
try to undertake to direct the manner in which the
contract should be made and executed. Can he
inform me by what part of the Constitution it is,
that the heads of the Departments acquire jurisdic-
tion and control over the putting out of contracts
for printing? Is that one of the Executive pow-
ers of the Government? Is it the notion of the
honorable Senator, that it is vested in the head of
the Department, and if we undertake to pass a
law by which its destination is changed, we are
fiolating the constitutional rights of the Execu-
tive? Surely, no man can suppose this. All the
authority that the heads of the Departments have
over this subject, is derived from acts of Congress.
We conferred the power, such as it is, and we
lia\e a right to take it back in whole or in part.
We have a right to provide, that all the printing
for the Departments shall be done under the di-
rection of committees of our own body. The
whole subject is one absolutely under the jurisdic-
tion of Congress. I do not mean that it would be
decent or becoming for'Congress to do so. I do
not mean that I would agree to doit. But per-
mit me to say, that when the Senator uses the
word " usurpation," he uses language, in relation
to this subject, that has no meaning.
The honorable Senator says that his amendment
is the best that can be proposed. No doubt he
thinks so. I am not quite prepared to say that of
my amendment. But I think it is a pretty good
one. I think it is a respectable amendment, I
think it might have been discussed in this Cham-
ber without any exhibition of waimth and excite-
ment. It relates to a business transaction. I
suppose we all have a right to use our judgment
about the best manner of doing the business.
What is the Senator's proposition? He says he
has anotheramendment. Aye, sir, reject his pres-
ent amendment, and he has one that he says will
be the very thing, upon the principle of compro-
mise; and he says the people of the United States
will not haveany reason to complain of it, although
he admits it is wrong in principle and bad m prac-
tice. That is a curious way of commending a
matter of compromise to the consideration of the
Senate. The people of the United States will have
no right to complain of an amendment, which he
himself admits to be wrong in principle and bad in
practice ! If they cannot complain of that, I pray
you, sir, of what can they complain? Permit me
to say further, that when the Senator commends
an amendment to the consideration of this body,
admitting that it is wrong in principle and bad in
practice, and yet says the people of the United
States, whose money is to be used in carrying out
and executing its purpose, have no right to com-
plain, he estops himself from offering any com-
plaint against amendments offered by any other
Senator. If I thought the amendment which I
have had the honor to propose was wrong in prin-
ciple, or would prove bad in practice, I would
certainly instantly withdraw it. But I believe
neither.
What does the Senator propose? Why, says
he, we will give Donelson & Armstrong the print-
ing and press-work; we will make a bargain, and
trust them to do that; but upon what pretense do
you give them the binding? - He says they are not
binders. He says, also, they are not practical
printers; so that if the fact that they are not binders
furnishes a sufficient reason why they should not
have the binding, the fact that they are not prac-
tical printers ought to prevent them having the
printing. But my friend does not aver that. He
says that if they get the binding, they will give it
out and exercise oppression and extortion upon
mechanics—practical bmdeis. 3 have already re-
marked, as far as I thought necessary, upon the
use of language of that kind in this Chamber when
applied to persons convicted of no infamous crime,
and who are, therefore, entitled to be considered
as decently honest, " indifferently honest," as old
.Tack Falstaff used to say. But the honorable
Senator ought to have furnished himself with the
facts in the case, before he passed such a decided
and dogmatic judgment. I suppose he is not aware
that Donelson & Armstrong ha\e one of the most
extensive binderies in the United States, and one
of the most accomplished practical binders in the
United States, They are, therefore, as much pre-
pared to do the binding as the printing. They do
not mean to do either with their own hands; but
they have employees under their control competent
to do both.
Then there is a difficulty with regaid to the
paper. The Senator says, upon thi-s plan, it is
certain, K is inevitable that the Government wul
