1386
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 17,
name, have I intended to arraign my colleague for
the non-performance of his duty upon theoccasion
to which he has referred.
Mr. CULLOjii. And I certainly have not ar-
raigned my colleague's action or motives.
Mr. GENTRY. I wish to disclaim the idea
that ! have arraigned my colleague. He spoke of
having been arraigned.
Mr. CULLOM. The publication of those who
seceded from the caucus, seems to suppose it was
necessary they should make it. And if it was
necessary for them to publish, it was necessary for
me, not having been heard, to make myNresponse.
Mr. GENTRY. Undoubtedly.
Mr. CULLOM. But I did not mean to cast
any reflections on my colleague's motives or
action.
Mr. GENTRY. I want to say, in justice to
my&elf, that in the preparation of that address I
was to some extent consulted, and that my advice
was given at every stage of that proceeding to
exclude from it every phrase that could 111 the re-
motest degree be construed to impute any improper
motives to any of those gentlemen, from the South
especially, who took a different view of their duty !
from that taken by the gentlemen who seceded on '
that occasion and signed that address. He who
will look through that address, will see that theie
is a remailc in it intended expressly to cover such
cases, and allow every gentleman to explain him-
self. We say that we know that some of the gen-
tlemen who remained were as thoroughly commit-
ted to the views which we entertained as we were,
but differed with us as to the propriety of time and i
place. It was the wish of those who signed the
address to give to it the fullest possible effect, as
being an expression of the fixed principles and
purpose of the Southern Whig party, and as pro-
claiming to the Northern Whig parly the condi- ,
tion, and the only condition, upon which the unity 1
of the Whig party, as a party extending North r
and South, could be maintained. Perhaps wei
were wrong m our judgment; perhaps it was a j
needless movement; perhaps an ineffective move- i
ment; perhaps a mischievous one; but I do not so '
believe. If the party is saved at all, that move-
ment saves it. I wish to God I could feel an
assurance that it can be saved at all. I do not
want a false issue to be presented to the country
in regard to the occurrences at that caucus. I am
sure that my colleague has fallen into a very com-
mon mistake, that seems to prevail elsewhere, that
we, in introducing the resolution that we did,
undertook to lay down a platform for the Whig
party in convention in Baltimore. At the caucus,
and in our address to the country, we expressly
disclaimed any such object. We aimed at noth-
ing more and proposed "nothing more than to in-
vite the Northern Whig members of Congress,
assembled together with us upon that occasion,
" to consult on matteis and things of importance
to the Whig paity," for that was the chniacter of
the call under which we assembled. We aimed,
I say, at nothing more, proposed nothing more,
did nothing more than to invite them to agree
with ns, as far as we ourselves weie concerned,
and as far as our action would have any influence
on the country, upon a basis of party action which
we deemed to be essential to the maintenance of f
the unity of the Whig party. That was the whole !
height and depth, and length and breadth of our j
proposition—nothing more. We did not assume |
to dictate to the Baltimore Convention. We in- -
tended to announce to the country what was the
principle of action upon which we agreed, and to
let that enunciation have such influence as it could !
upon the Whigs that we represented throughout '
the country. That, and nothing more, was the !
whole of what we proposed. !
I have not, indeed, and do not intend to make j
the slightest effort to criminate my colleague, or ,
any other gentleman from the South, who took '
the same view of duty which he did. It would be j'
as painful to me as any fact I can conceive of, to <
believe that my colleague was not as resolute and |
determined as I possibly can be, in reference to '
the great object aimed at by myself and those who '
seceded with me from that caucus. ]
But my colleague uses a term to-day which I
should say was unkind if it came from anybody
his invitation, and stood by him, he has conclu-
sive evidence, in his pocket, or somewheie else,
that we could have passed those resolutions.
Well, now, it is due to my colleague to say, that
befoie 1 retired from the caucus he did appeal to
me, and to those who were acting with me, not to
retire, announcing that it was his purpose again to
offer the resolutions that had been ruled out of
order when offered by the gentleman from Ken-
tucky and myself, and asking us to stay and help
him in the endeavor to cfirry those resolutions.
That is very conspicuously reported in the official
report of the proceedings of that caucus, which
has been sent over the country as a reply to the
address of the seceders. But it is nut ? eported that,
111 reply to that appeal from my colleague, I urged
him to offer those resolutions—announcing to him
the fact, which every man of sense in the country
will recognize as correct, that for Southern Whigs
to vote the finality of the compromise was a matter
of no consequence at all. We were inviting our
northern Whig brethren to meet us upon this platform.
The whoie country knew the position of the South-
ern Whigs 111 referenee to those measures.
Mr. CULLOM. In justice to my colleague I
will state, m that spirit of kindness which always
has existed and I tiust always will exist between
us, both personally and politically, that my col-
league did solicit me to offer those resolutions.
Mr. GENTRY. I did.
Mr. CULLOM. But he said that he had no
hope I could get them passed, but should be glad
if I met with success.
Mr. GENTRY. I did.
Mr. CULLOM. The reason why I did not
offer those resolutions was, that so many South-
ern gentlemen having retired, 1 did not choose, as
a friend of the compromise measures, to subject
them to defeat.
Mr. GENTRY. I confess it is painful to me
to be under the necessity of debating a matter
like this.
Mr. CABELL. Will the gentleman from Ten-
nessee allow me to make a statement in this con-
nection?
Mr. MEACHAM. I wish to inquire if this
debate is in order ?
Mr. GENTRY. Oh, yes; strictly in order.
[Laughter.]
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state that
when the gentleman from North Carolina [Mr.
Clincman] proposed to yield the floor to the gen-
tleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Gentry,] he dis-
tinctly asked if there was any objection. None
was made; and the Chair therefore decides the
gentleman from Tennessee to be in order. 1
Mr. CABELL. 1 have but a word to say in
addition to what has been said by the gentleman !
from Tennessee, [Mr. U entry,] in relation to !
those who seceded from the Whig caucus. |
It has been slated, that if thegentlemen who re-
tired from the caucus had remained, the compro-
mise resolutions would have passed. Tfiat state- >
I ment has been replied to, 111 part, by the gentle- '
! man from Tennessee, [Air. Gkvtry.] Hut, in
j this connection, I wish to state, that at the first
; caucus which assembled, the chairman, in reply
| to an interrogatory from me, said he would rule '
j out of order any proposition, whatever it might be,
■ saving that ofjixing the time and place for holding Ike 1
! Convention. Duinig the interval which transpired
| between the fust and second caucuses, it was inti-
; mated that the chairman had changed his purpose !
! in that respect. When the second one assembled, ■
I rose and asked the chairman, or. rather, intimated
to him, that it had been stated he would change
his purpose in this respect. In reply to that sug- ;
gestion, the chairman stated to me, and the caucus, I
that his opinions were unchanged, and that he
would rule every proposition out of order except that
for fixing the time and place for holding the National
Convention. ;
I deem this statement one of some importance,
for the reason that, in the official publication of the .
proceedings of that caucus, it is stated that the
chairman decided that he would receive the pro-
position of the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Gentry] as a substantive proposition, though he
would not receive it as an amendment. I know
not from whom the statement comes; but it is not 1
else, about those who seceded on that occasion. 1 altogether truthful. It does not state"the"whol'e
He says we ran away from a fis-ht m which the |j truth. It omits to state the declaration of The !
^ 1 .1 compromise was involved; and he , chairman in reply to me, and others. 1 distinctly I
distinctly announces that if we had remained, upon , 1 made that point, and the chairman told me, as j
other members of the caucus will bear me witness,
that his opinions had undergone no change, and
that I was mistaken in that respect.
Mr. CHANDLER. I will not reflect upon
what the gentleman has said, but I say, upon my
responsibility as a gentleman, and as the secre-
tary of that meeting, that the very words of the
chairman were reported in that statement.
Mr. STANLY. I concur in that statement,
distinctly.
Mr. CABELL. I do not mean to say that the
chairman did not use the language. I do not know
what he might have said to others. I only state
what he said to me. He used no such language
in my presence, but just the contrary.
Mr. CHANDLER. I did not understand the
gentleman to make that distinction.
Mr. CABELL. I left the caucus, and I do not
pretend to say what transpired afler I left. I only
speak of what the chairman said in reply to my-
self. He distinctly stated that he would rule every-
thing out of order, save the proposition to fix a
time and place for the Whig National Convention,
and then I retired from the caucus. I do not pre-
tend to say what might have taken place after that.
Mr. GENTRY. I can explain that matter sat-
isfactorily.
Mr. CABELL. Before this matter goes fur-
ther, [ desire to say that I do not mean to impute
any false statement to the secretary 01- officers of
that caucus. I only stated what was the declara-
tion of the chairman in reply to the suggestion
made by me, and that this important declaration,
or announcement of the chairman, has been with-
held in the official report of the proceedings of the
caucus.
Mr. DOCKERY. I ask the gentleman to yield
me the floor for one moment. I regard it as de-
volving upon me to corroborate the statement made
by thegentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Chand-
ler.] I recollect very distinctly, that the chair-
man of that meeting announced unequivocally and
repeatedly—over and over again—until 1 thought
he was lowering his dignity by such-repetition,
that the resolutions of the gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Gentry] and the gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. Marshall,] could not be enter-
tained as amendments, but that they might be en-
tain,ed as substantive propositions.
Mr. GENTRY. A small mistake there.
Mr. DOCKERY. I recollect distinctly that the
chairman stated it about the time the g'entlemen
were leaving the caucus, for, let me remark, my
position was a peculiar one; I voted with those
who left the caucus, against sustainingthe deoision
of the chair. But as the decision of the chair was
sustained, I declined to retire from the caucus, be-
lieving that I could best serve my constituents,
and the South, by remaining there and voting and
battling to the end.
_ As some of these gentlemen rose to go, I in-
sisted that they should remain,and adopt the plan
of the chairman by offering the resolutions as
substantive propositions, believing that they would
be stronger, when untrammeled by the rules of
order by which the caucus v-ns governed. The
rules of the Senate had been adopted for the gov-
ernment of the caucus, and I believed that if the
resolutions were submitted as independent propo-
sitions, when they could be supported upon their
own merits, and not as amendments subject to the
rules of order, they would be much stronger. This
was at the time those gentlemen were leaving—I
mean some of them, for they did not all go out at
the same time. I think, however, gentlemen who
were there, will sustain me in saying that they
were invited to remain and vote upon the resolu-
tions as substantive propositions, but they refused
to do so.
Mr. OUTLAW. I ask the gentleman to allow
me to say a single word.
Mr. GENTRY. I have but a few words to
say, and then I will yield the floor. I desire to
state the facts in this case myself; and fearing
that my friends may fall into an unnecessary col-
lision, f insist upon my right to the floor. I am
anxious that the facts should be made to appear
as they really occurred. I feel quite confident
that when I state the facts in relation to the mat-
ter, no one present on that occasion will attempt
to controvert them.
I have not the slightest suspicion that any gen-
tleman has intended to make untrue statements in
relation to this matter; but, you know, Mr.
