2250
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 18,
of the districts of this country, and as the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Stanton] says, upon the
public service also.
Mr. ORR. X move that the committee do now
rise.
The question was taken on the motion, and it
was not agreed to.
The question was next taken upon the amend-
ment oftered by Mr. Bayly, and it was not agreed
to.
Mr. HENN. I move that the committee take
a recess until seven o'clock this evening.
The question was put, and the motion was not
agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I offer the fol-
lowing amendment to the amendment, and I shall
make a remark or two in regard to it:
And hereafter in the appointment of midshipmen, the
nomination of members of Congress as to applications from
their respective districts shall be respected and observed in
the same manner, and to the same extent, as is now the
practice in reference to cadets at West Point.
Now, sir, I wish to state that I have been here
for nearly six years, and I will say to the Chair,
in the presence of this House, that I have
never been able to get the first solitary appoint-
ment from my district, which is large enough to^
have had two Representatives upon this floor—I
have never been able to get a solitary appointment
to the Annapolis Academy.
To those who are friends to that Academy, I
will say this: that when they exclude one half of
the nation, they must expect to have to fight it,
on the very existence of the institution.
All parts of the Union should be permitted to
share alike, and to be educated alike, to sustain
the flag of this country upon the ocean. They
ought to look for children from every section of
the Union, and then they may look for something
that is grand in its effect, in a national point of
view, in concentrating the affections and patriotism
of the whole people upon the whole country.
But when they act upon that poor, pitiful,
wretched, I might say shameful, principle of fa-
voritism which has marked the conduct of this
Department, they can expect, and will receive,
nothing hut. war and condemnation upon the insti-
tution itself, and the Annapolis Academy will go
where it shall be heard of no more.
The amendment 1 have proposed would put that
institution upon the same footing with West
Point, and upon no other footing, and would al-
* low every section the high privilege of defending
the flag of our countiy upon the ocean; and that
in order to do so one cadet shall be appointed from
each district. Then every section and every dis-
trict feeling itself interested will feel bound to up-
hold the institution; and favoritism, instead of
throwing that interest all to the North or to the
South, will distribute it among us all equally,
North, South, East, and West. That is what
will put it upon the ground upon which the West
Point Academy stands, so that the same principle
which satisfies us now, and enables us to sustain
the institution of West Point, in spite of strong
opposition against it for years together, will enable
us to sustain the Annapolis institution.
Put that institution upon that footing in regard
to appointments, and you will do a good to the
country, and satisfy the wishes of all; but if you
draw a distinction between them, and in favor of
the Annapolis institution, so help me God, I shall,
and every man in the world ought to take pride
in endeavoring to tear down this, or any other in-
stitution of like character, which does or would
deny to the whole Union the right to share equally
its privileges.
That is the position in which it now stands,and
I ask that my amendment may be adopted; for 1
say there is nothing now but favoritism, and this
debate has elicited already evidence of it sufficient,
when it becomes plain that a district can be cut
off from the public school, not for four or six, but
for ten years at a time.
Mr. CARTTER. I am opposed to the amend-
ment, but agree with its sentiment. We have just
adopted an amendment which covers the whole
ground.
Mr. JOFINSON, of Arkansas. My amend-
ment was designed as a substitute for the amend-
ment.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. If it was of-
fered as a substitute for the amendment, is not the
substitute amendable?
The CHAIRMAN. It is amendable.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Then I move
to amend the substitute, as follows:
Provided, That membeis of Congress making a nomi-
nation, shall not nominate his own son, or the son of any
other member.
I am in hopes this House will adopt all these
amendments, and I concur most fully in the sen-
timents expressed by the member from Arkansas,
[Mr. Johnson.] I am satisfied that a system of
favoritism has been practiced in these two Depart-
ments, both so far as West Point and Annapolis
are concerned; but while we are striking at one
branch of favoritism, I think we ought to strike
at the other. I have been informed that members
sometimes make their way into the Congress of
the United States decidedly opposed to this Naval
School, and West Point Academy, but some how
or other, after being members of Congress, their
sons find their way into the Naval School, or into •
West Point, and by the time the bills come up
making appropriations for the support of these in-
stitutions, these members of Congress, with almost
the suddenness of a flash of lightning,as quick and
as sudden as that which poured upon Saul of Tar-
sus, all at once conceive these institutions to be
mdispensible to promote the interests of the coun-
try.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. The gentleman
does not mean to insinuate that I havea son there?
I have no son.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. If the gentle-
man has no son, I suppose that is his misfortune,
and not his fault. [Laughter.]
Hut, Mr. Chairman, this amendment ought to
be adopted with the other, and I am glad to see
the proposition to correct this matter come from
the quarter that it does. But the argument made
by the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Bayly,]
seems to me to have but little in it. He makes a
constitutional question. I know there are some
gentlemen who take the Constitution under their
peculiar guardianship, and always stand ready to
defend it whenever there is a real or seeming en-
croachment upon it. I think there is no violation
of the Constitution, or of the resolutions of '98
and '99.
I remember that the gentleman voted for a bill
we had before Congress for raising ten regiments
of troops; and in that bill we provided that the
Executive should make his appointments from the
captains, so far as the highest officers were con-
cerned; and we have now, by law, required the
members of Congress to make certain nomina-
tions, and the President makes the appointments.
Why cannot the same principle be applied in
nominating applicants for places in the Naval
School, which has been applied in all those other
cases? We have precedents over and over again
upon this subject, and there is no infraction or
violation of the Constitution in that particular.
It only directs the President to make his appoint-
ments from the Congressional districts, and this
principle has been practiced over and over again.
But so far as the Old Dominion is concerned, I
will speak of her with the greatest respect; for I
know she is entitled to credit, and is sometimes
called the mother of statesmen; but I think the
gentleman from Arkansas [Mr. Johnson] has
little to apprehend from that quarter; for there is
no danger hereafter of appointments being made
from Virginia, for it is said there is no room left
there, everybody having received appointments.
But in this connection, I may say, I am deci-
dedly opposed to this School, and to the West
Point Academy. This Government ought to cut
these institutions up by their roots. Not that I
am opposed to science in military affairs—not that
i I am opposed to science being introduced into the
i Navy—but let the States establish military and
naval schools. Let the States qualify young men
and bring them forward, and in a very short time
this Government will have a supply far more sub-
stantial, and better qualified to meet all demands,
than it now has from these schools. I think those
two schools ought to be abolished, and that the
different States should train up their own young
l men for the Navy and the Army, and thereby
diminish the centralizing influence which is grow-
ing up, and becoming so strong that it cannot be
resisted by the States.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I am opposed to
this amendment of the gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Johnson.]
That gentleman seems to have a disposition
always to bring himself into collision with me in
argument. I have not sought it, nor have I
avoided it; but I beg leave to say that his amend-
ment is perfectly unnecessary, because the abuse
he complains of, in respect to West Point, not
only has not occurred, but it is impossible for it
to occur, without a violation of existing regula-
tions.
Mr. JOHNSON, ofTennessee. Withtheper-
mission of the gentleman, I will ask him if there
are not members of Congress here now who have
sons there?
Mr. BAYLY. If there is a member of Con-
gress who has his son there appointed from any
other district than the district in which he resides,
it is in violation of law.
Mr. JOHNSON. That is not the point. We
are talking about members of Congress having
sons appointed.
Mr. BAYLY. I take the gentleman upon the
point he made. He complains that members of
Congress have had appointments of their sons
made for other districts than those in which they
reside. I say if they have, it is in violation of law,
and being in violation of existing law, no new law
is necessary to remedy the mischief.
The regulations require that the appointee shall
be appointed from the district in which he actually
resides. That is the law, and if such an appoint-
ment, as the gentleman speaks of, has been made
it was in violation of the law, and his amendment
will not correct the mischief, because it will add
nothing to an existing law.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I will say that
the declaration of the gentleman from Virginia is
satisfactory upon the point to which he has ad-
dressed his remarks, that where an appointment
is made for a district outside of it, it is in violation
of law. 1 will ask the gentleman from Tennes-
see if he knows of any member upon this floor
whose son was appointed under unlawful circum-
stances, that he will name him, and let the matter
be brought home. Those who have children of
ten or twelve years of age should be charged with
their education.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. The gentleman
from Virginia, has made a wholly false issue.
That amendment does not provide with regard to
the appointment of sons of members of Congress
out of the district. He has missed the issue en-
tirely. It provides that a member of Congress
shall not nominate his own son, or the son of
another member of Congress.
Mr. BAYLY. When the gentleman brings for-
ward an amendment of that sort, and in support
of it complains of a practice in violation of exist-
ing law, he ought to specify to whom his remarks
apply. They do not apply to me, as it is well
known I have no son. When he makes such a
charge as he has made before the American Con-
gress, he ought to point to the individual who has
been accessory to this violation of the law. The law,
I say, is, that the appointee shall come from the
district in which he lives. Thedomicil of the child
is the domicil of the father, and I say, such being
the law, it is impossible that one member of Con-
gress upon this floor has appointed the son of an-
other member of Congress. The fact is that every
member of this Congress resides in his own dis-
trict, and his domicil is the domicil of his son, and
the son of no member of Congress could possibly
be appointed to West Point from another district
without a violation of law. I am free to say I do
not believe such a thing has occurred eiher of a
member appointing his own son, or of having him
appointed from the district of another member.
Mr. BUEL. I move that the committee do now
rise.
The question was then taken, and the motion
was agreed to, there being, upon a division—ayes
73, noes 15.
The committee accordingly rose, and the Speak-
er having resumed the chair, the chairman reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union had had under consideration the
state of the Union generally, and particularly
House bill No. 240, making appropriations for
the Navy for the year ending June 30, 1853, and
had come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. PRICE asked that the Clerk be directed to
furnish him with a copy of the petition and papers
of James R. Howison; which was so ordered.
Mr. WALSH, from the Committee on Com-
