1888
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 17,
measures as a final settlement of the dangerous
questions they embraced," but that the political
organization upon which he relies for election shall
be of such a character as to wield all the influences
of a presidential canvass directlyin favor of recon-
xiling the minds of the people, North and South,
to the acceptance of those measures as a final ad-
justment of the sectional controversies which made
their enactment a public necessity. These are the
conditions upon which alone my humble support
will be accorded to any presidential*aspirant at
the next election.
Mr. HASCALL next obtained the floor, and
addressed the committee for one hour on the subject
of the compromise measures and in opposition to
them, and in favor of the establishment of an ag-
ricultural bureau. His speech will be found in
the Appendix.
Mr. CLINGMAN resumed the floor.
Mr. WHITE. Will the gentleman from North
Carolina vield me the floor for a moment.
Mr. ClllNGMAN. My friend from Kentucky
IMr. White] asks the favor of a moment, and I
yield to him the floor.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. I rise to a
question of order. It is whether it is competent
for any one member of the committee to hold the
floor for an hour, and single out gentlemen from
the committee whom he will permit to occupy that
hour ?
The CH AIRM AN. The Chair decides that it
is not in order.
Mr.-RICHARDSON. I desire to raise another
point of order.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Does the time consumed
on the points of order come out of my hour?
The CHAIRMAN. It does not. The gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Richardson] will state
his point of order.
Mr. RICHARDSON. The gentleman from
North Carolina, [Mr. Clingman,] by yielding the
floor to other gentlemen to occupy it, the Chair
deciding it to be out of order, has lost his right to
the floor.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would have
decided in the first instance, had the question been
made, that the gentleman could not yield the floor
to any gentleman to make a speech; but the ques-
tion was distinctly put to the committee whether
there was any objection to the gentleman from
North Carolina [Mr. Cungman] yielding to the
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Gentky.] No
objection was made, and the arrangement was
consented to by the committee, and the gentleman
from North Carolina [Mr. Clixgman] now claims
the floor, and is entitled to it.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Under that I will answer
briefly the question put to me by my friend from
Florida, [Mr. Cabem..] It is in relation to this
point of order. But three or lour minutes are left
me before the expiration of my hour, and in half
that time I can answer that question, and then
make my motion. I understood Mr. Mangum,
both in the caucus and since—and I have had sev-
eral conversations with him—to say this, in sub-
stance: He regarded everything which did not
relate to the time and place of holding of the Na-
tional Convention, as out of order, both as an
amendment and as a substantia proposition; hut
he also declared that, after that matter wns dis-
posed of, if this motion was made, and if a major-
ity of thecaucus saw fit to entertain it, they might,
and he hoped they would do so; but lit? should be
obliged to hold that it was not m order if the point
were made. Tie would, however, appeal to them,
and, individually, would be gratified", if the ma- I
jority would consent to act upon it, and decide it. 1
I understand this to have been his position r.lS the 1
while.
Now, Mr. Chairman, in relation to those who,
it is said, ran away from the caucus, I beg lenve
to say, that we left there very few from the South:
only one representative from the State of Delaware, '
one representative from Missouri, and several
from Tennessci. Kentucky, and North Carolina.
There were five f the slaveholding States v/hich
had representati s there. But there were ten i
States which, afte we left, had not a single repre-
sentative; and it ap ears, therefore, that this pro-
ceeding of fixing the me and place of holding the
convention, was eon«i mmated by representatives
from only one third of i-ie slaveholding States, as '
well as by only one fourth of the Whig members
from those States. And 1 say, further—having
still a minute left—to the gentleman from Tennes-
see, that, unless the convention shall come up to
the position of* the seceders, its nominee will not
be able to carry the electoral vote of one State from
the Potomac to the Rio Grande. Whether we are
few or many, I say, boldly, that those who con-
cur .with us, and sustain us among the people,
will cause him to lose every single electoral vote
in the Southern States.
I took the floor, originally, to make a motion
that the committee rise, and i now appeal to gen-
tlemen to let us rise, stop this debate, and get
through the territorial business. We can do so in
one day's sitting, afid then we may go on to the
consideration of the general business.
Mr. HOUSTON. And take up the appropri-
ation bills, which are urgently pressing for action.
Mr. STANLY. I hope the committee will not
rise until four o'clock, by which time this discus-
sion may he finished.
Mr. CLINGMAN. My object is to stop the
debate, and then move that the House again re-
solve itself into committee, in order to dispose of
this territorial business.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I give notice to gentle-
men who intend to indulge in irrelevant debate on
these territorial bills, that I shall endeavor to get
the floor upon every bill, move that the commiuee
rise, and offer a resolution that debate be instantly
closed.
The question was then put upon the motion that
the committee rise, and it was disagreed to.
Mr. GREY obtained the floor.
Mr. PARKER. It is growing late, and, with
the gentleman's permission, I move that the com-
mittee rise.
Mr. GREY. I will yield for that purpose.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I raise the point of order
that the committee having just refused to rise, and
no business having been transacted since, it is not
now in order to submit the same motion.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clnur overrules the
point of order raised by the gentleman f;orn Ohio,
and decides that the motion that the committee do
now rise, is in order.
The question was then put upon the motion that
the committee rise; and there were, upon a divis-
ion—ayes 65 
Mr. STUART. I appeal from the decision of
the Chair, that it is in order to make two succes-
sive motions to rise.
[Cries of "Too late!" "Too late!*'j
The CHAIRMAN. It is not in oider for the
gentleman to appeal while the House is dividing.
The negative being counted, there were—noes
35.
So the committee agreed to rise.
The committee accordingly rose, and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the chairman [Mr.
Stanttox, of Tennessee] reported that the Com-
mittee of tiie Whole on the state of the Union
had, according to order, had under consideration
the state of the Union generally, and particularly
House bill No. 134, being a bill to aiahonze the
Governor of New Mexico to ml! an ex'ra session
of the Legislative Assembly, should the same be
deemed necessary and expedient; and had cume to
no conclusion thereon.
Air. RICHARDSON*. I move the usual reso-
lution for the termination of debate upon the bill
No. 134, live minutes after the House shall again re-
solve itself info Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. ORR. Put it one hour after the House
goes again into committee.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I will make bat a single
observation. We have but four days after to-day
to dispose of the whole territorial buMi.ess. To-
niorruw there will be no session; and unless I
adopt the course which I propose, but lew of the
bills will be passed during tins week, and Con-
gress for the oonsideru.o.] of the teivitorial busi-
ness will  <u set apart another week. I make the
. uion whi,-h I do very much against my inclina-
ti,", knowing that i am trenching upon the time
of ■ e irentleman from Kentucky, [Air. Grey.]
If vi hour is given upon each bih fbr discussion—
us the e are some thirty of them—we v/ili not be
able to ••ass more than five or six at the utmost;
and I give notice now of my intention to move to
Terminate debate upon every one except the last
one, upon which I trust the gentleman from Ken-
tucky will obtain the floor, to submit his remarks.
Mr. ORR. Is it in order to amend the resolu-
tion by moving to strike out five minutes and in-
sert one hour in its stead? The gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Grey] is entitled to the floor, and
the original resolution, in my opinion, operates as
a fraud upon him.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I will modify my mo-
tion, and embrace all the other bills.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will remind the
gentleman from Illinois that he cannot apply his
resolution to any bill which has not been under
consideration in Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. RICHARDSON. 1 will, then, move my
resolution be modified as the gentleman from
South Carolina suggests. This need not be taken
as a precedent, as 1 mean to move to close the de-
bate upon the balance of the bills as soon as may
be.
The question was then taken, and the resolu-
tion was adopted.
Mr. HAMILTON asked and obtained leave to
withdraw from the files, for the purpose of laying
before one of the Executive Departments the pa-
pers in the case of Thomas F. Harkness.
Mr. HOUSTON. I understood this morning
that when the House went into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, that there yet
remained a special order before it. I piesumethe
special order was made at the instance of the gen-
tleman from Tennessee. Action having been had
upon that subject, however, there will be no ob-
jection, I suppose, to that special order being re-
scinded, so that it will not be in the way of the
action of the committee hereafter. It will now
require a motion every time we go into Committee
of the Whole to pass over that special order to
reach other business. I therefore, if it is in order,
move that that special order be rescinded. It is in
relation to the homestead bill, which has been
already acted upon.
Mr. COBB. I hope my friend will not do that,
as I intend attaching an important measure to it.
Mr. HOUSTON. With great respect to the
gentleman, I must insist upon my motion, unless
some proper objection is urged. It is impossible
to get along with the public business until we clear
these things out of the way.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands, that
when the bill, commonly known as the homestead
bill, was made the special order, there were two
bills before the House, and both were included in
the special order. One has been disposed of, and
the other is bill 84, to encourage agriculture, and
for other purposes. The gentleman from Ala-
bama [Mr. Houston] now proposes that the order
of the House, making this the special order, shall
be rescinded, and the bill be laid upon the table.
Mr. JOHNSON. Let the motion be to recon-
sider the special order.
Air. HOUSTON. It is too late. I move to
rescind and lay on the table.
The question was then taken, and it was decided
in the affirmative.
So the order was rescinded, and the bill laid
upon the table.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I move to reconsider
the vote by which the resolution, terminating de-
bate upon "House bill No. 334, was passed, and to
lay that motion upon the table.
The question was then taken, and it was agreed
to.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I ask the
unanimous consent of the House for leave to with-
draw the papers of Captain Levy from the files of
the House, m order that they may be referred to
a cornnuttee who have the same subject in charge
in the Senate.
There beinj? no objection, it was so ordered.
Mr. CLARK I wish to introduce the follow-
ing resolution:
Raolvcil* That the OHimiittoe of ihe Whole Tfou^e on
th<j s-tate of the Union b.; from the further con-
sultation oi Senate bill Xo. 35.
If gentlemen will hear me for one moment upon
the subject 
A Member What is the bill ?
Mr. CLARK. It is a bill providing for the sale
of certain salt spiin^s m Iowa.
Mi\ CLEVELAND. I object to the bill until
I know something nbout it.
Mr. CLARK. 1 wish to inform gentlemen as
to the contents of the bill, and if they will listen
to the reading of the bill •
Mr. LETCHER. I object.
