1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1389
I move that the House ad-
Mr. McMULLIN.
journ.
Mr. CLARK. I believe I have the floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Iowa is
not entitled to the floor. He had the resolution
read for information, and the Chair then stated
that the gentleman could make his statement as to
the purport of the bill by unanimous consent.
There was objection to his making that state-
ment 
Mr. CLARK. I wish to proceed further. 1
move a suspension of the rules to enable me to in-
troduce the resolution.
Mr. McMULLIN. I now move that the House
adjourn.
Mr. ASHE. I rise to a privileged question. I
wish to know whether the Committee on Elec-
tions cannot report now, and whether it would not
take precedence of any other motion ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot conceive
that it is a question taking precedence of the mo-
tion to adjourn.
Mr. McMULLIN. I withdraw my motion for
that purpose.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it cannot
be made at this time, because there is a privileged
motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. McMULLIN. Then I insist upon my
motion.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. The one is a
question of privilege, and the other .a privileged
question. The question of privilege overrides the
privileged question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair stands corrected.
Mr. DAVIS. I offer the report of the minority
of the Committee on Elections in the matter of the
contested election from the eleventh district of
Pennsylvania.
The SPEAKER. That is not a privileged
question. It is a question of privilege to permit
a minority to report, and if there is no objection
the report will be received.
There being no objection, the report was read
by the Clerk, and ordered to be printed.
On motion, the House adjourned till Wednes-
day next at twelve o'clock m.
NOTICE OP A BILL.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, gave notice that he would
ask leave to mtmduce a jomt ie&olution authonzinsr the
Secretary of the Treasury to ratify and confirm an exchange
of lands between the dmted States and Charles Reynolds,
of the city or Nutchcz and State of Mississippi.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions, nieinoisals, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate committee-:
By Mr. PAllKEft. of Indi;un: The petition of John
Yaiyan, S. vV. Hill, arid -eventv-odd other--, ctnaon*- oi
Union, Wayne, and Randolph counties, Indiana, prnynm
for a tn-vveekly mail route iiom Liberty, vjh Conierviile, to
Winchester.
By Mr. FITCri: The petition of A. Van Voorst and
others, citizcns of White county, Indiana, asking for a mail
route therein named.
By Mr. BRAGG: The petition ofeitixon^of Mis-u.-^ippi,
Louisiana, and Alabama, praying an appiopriation to open
the bar at the month of Pa&cagouia river, on the Gulf of
Mexico.
By Mr. ROBJE : The petition of citizens of Bath, Thurs-
ton, Addi-son, and Cameton, New York, praying the estab-
lishment of a post route fiom Bath, by wnv <>t John S. De-
pue'fa and Noble II. Risins'sm the town ofTtmr-'on, to tiic
post office at Wc«t Addr-on. Steuben county. New Yoik.
By Mr. BIS3ELL: Ameinonal adopted at a public meet-
ing of the citizens of Upnei Alton, Illinois, pia\ 111,7 the
enactment of a law providing for the settlement ot the Tei-
ritory of Nebraska.
By Mr. IVEc? : The petition of A. Ford and 190 other-,
citizens of New Yoik, piaymg aid m the eon.-tiuction of a
railroad from Sackett's Harbor, in said State.
Senate Chamber, May 19, lo53.
To the Editors of the Globe:
In casting my eye cursorily over a part of the d bate in
the House, in the Daily Globe ot this date, in relation to the
congresHonal caucus, L had many discrepancies and some
errors. The Journal of the proceedings, republished in n.e
National Intelligencer, is correct and exact upon every ma-
terial point that was raited. The Chair ruled both Mi.
Marshall's and Mr Gentry's resolution* out o'" ordei,
a^ amendment* to the ro.-olutioti ofieied by Mr.
The Chan,howevei, decided to receive Mr. (Gentry a rv>
olution as a substantive piopo-ition, if it should be to ol-
fered—not Mi. MunhidPs, which could be leceived only
by the absent of the majority of the meeting.
The reason of the discrimination 111 the uund of the
chairman was, that Mr. Gentry's purported lo eonstniet
no platform tor others, but simply to define the position of
those supporting it. Mr. Muisuu.t.'s went farther, and,
in the opinion of the Chair, \va« inadmissible, on the ground
of assuming to oonstiuct, in part, apolitical platform, which
the Chair deemed as m no extent warrantable by the usages
of the Whig party, but a naked usurpation of power piop-
erly exercisable only by the people, or their representatives
in National Convention.
Mr. Chandler's statement, as sustained by Mr. Stanly
and others, is entirely aceuiate.
Yotu obedient servant,
WILLIE P. MANGUM.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, May 19, 1852.
Prayer by the Chaplain, liev. C. M. Butler.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of War, in an-
swer to a resolution of the Senate, inquiring what
further provision for the settlement of accounts
connected with the Mexican contribution fund is
necessary to authorize proper and just compensa-
tion to be made for services in relation thereto;
which was read and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. FISH presented a memorial of citizens of
New York city, praying that the public lauds may
be granted in limited quantities to actual settlers;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. HUSK presented documents in relation to
the claim of James Myer, late of the Mexican
Boundary Commission, for balance of salary and
expenses of tiansportaiiou from New Mexico to
the United States; which were referred to the
Committee on Claims.
Mr. BRIGHT presented the following joint res-
olutions of the Legislature of the State of Indiana;
and it was oideied that they be laid on the table
and printed:
In favor of a modification of the bounty land
law.
In favor of the adoption of measures for the
suppression of the African slave trade, ana the
promotion of the colonization of free people of
color.
In favor of the construction of a ship canal
around the rapids of the St. Mary's river.
In favor of the establishment of an Agricultural
Bureau.
In favor of an appropriation for the erection of
public buildings m the city of Indienopobs.
Mr. SEWARD presented the petition of the
heirs of Nathan Weeks, a lieutenant of the Revo-
lution, who was killed in action, praying for the
pay due him and the seven years'half pay due
his widow and children: which was referred to
the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Also, seven petitions of citizens of the State of
New York, praying that the bill now pending be-
fore Congress, gtanung to eveiy man who is the
head of a family and a citizen oi' the United States,
one hundred and sixty acres of land, may become
a law; which were referred to the Committee on
Public Lands
Mr. SUMNER presented the petition of last-
makers in Massachusetts, praying a modification
of the patent laws; which was oidered to be laid
011 the table.
Also, a petition of workmen of Boston, praying
that the bill now pending before Congress, grant-
ing to every citizen of the United States, who is
the head of a family, one hundred mid sixty acres
of land, may become a law; which was leferred
to the Committee 011 Public Lands.
Mr WALKGIt presented a petition of citizens
of the United States, praying that the bill now
pending befoie Congress granting to every citizen
of the United States, who is the hei«d of a family,
one hundred and sixty acres of land, may become
a law; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. WELLER presented the joint resolutions
of the Legislature of California, m relation to vol-
unteers who seiv'ed in California duiiug the hue
war with Mexico, and the payment of ctaims for
private property taken f;r the public use; winch
were ordered to be laid on thptnb'p arid printed.
Also, a joint resolution of the Legislature of
California, relative to the levying and collecting a
tonnage duty for hospital purposes; winch was
referred to the Committee 011 Commerce, and or-
dered to be printed.
Also, a joint resolution of the Legislature of
California, in favor of the establishment of a
branch Mintui that State; which was ordered to
be laid 011 the table and printed.
Mr. GWIN presented a joint resolution of the
Legislature of the State of California, in favor of
a change in the time of meeting of the electors of
President and Vice President in that State; which
was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and ordered to be printed. The great extent of
that State was the reason given for desiring a post-
ponement to give time to collect the vote.
Also, joint resolutions of the Legislature of
California, in relation to contracts for the trans-
portation of the mails between Panama and San
Francisco; which were referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, presented the memorial
of John Cripps, praying to be allowed a pension
for services in the war of the Revolution; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
v Also, the petition of Joseph Robinson, praying
a grant of land for his services in the war of 1812 ;
which was referred to the Committee on Private
Land Claims.
Also, documents in relation to the claim of Noah
Smith to a pension, for services during the war of
the Revolution; which weVe referred to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. MALLORY presented an additional docu-
ment in relation to the claim of Kennedy and Dar-
ling; which was referred to the Committee 011
Claims.
Mr. SMITH presented the memorial of A.
Miles & Son, alleging that they are creditors of
Tex^s, and praying the payment of their debt by
the General Government; which was referred to
the Committee on Finance.
PETITIONS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. BROOKE, it was
Ordered, That the petition of John Crawford, on the files
of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Private Land
Claims.
On motion by Mr. GWIN, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Jonas P. Levy, on the files
or the Senate, be. rei'eried to the Committee on the Post
Office and Po-t Roads.
Mr. FOOT presented additional documents re-
lating to the claim of Dr. Avery Downer; which
weie referred to the Committee on Pensions.
On motion by Mr. FOOT, it was
Ordered, That the report of the Committee on Pensions
on the same subject, be recommitted to the name com-
mittee.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. JONES, from the Committee on Pensions,
to which was referred the petition of Christopher
Knowlton, praying a pension forwounds received
during the last war with Great Britain, submitted
a report, accompanied by a bill for his relief; which
was read arid passed to the second reading. The
teport was ordered to be printed.
Mr. HAMLIN, from tfte Committee on Com-
merce, to which was referred the petition ofThomas
Thurston, owner of the schooner Wanderer, pray-
ing to be allowed the fishing bounty, submitted a
report, accompanied by a bill for his relief, which
was read and passed to the second reading. The
report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to which was referred a motion to print ten
thousand copies of the report of the Committee on
Military Affairs, accompanying the bill to repeal
the several acts organizing the staff departments
of the Army therein mentioned, and to provide
for the discharge of the duties thereof by a detail
of officers of the line, m octavo form, in connec-
tion with the hill, reported in favor of printing two
thousand five hundred copies of the same; which
was agreed 10.
Mr. GWIN, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to which was leferred the petition of
Thomas Copeland, praying remuneration for im-
provements in machinery in the Gosport navy-
yard, submitted an adverse report; which was
ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the memorial of Richard M. John-
son, of (Tentuckv,praying compensation forlosses
incurred by him by reason of his impressment into
the service of the United States, in the late war
against Mexico, asked to be discharged from the
further consideration thereof, and thatit be referred
to the Committee on Claims; which was agreed to.
ile a)*o, from the same committee, to which
were referred resolutions of the Common Coun-
cil of New Orleans in relation to the establishment
