478
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb 5,
of February 11th, 1847, has been $981. Now,
sir, deduct from this sum a reasonable allowance
to be paid by them for a competent clerk* say
$400, for office-rent §150, and $150 for fuel, sta-
tionery, incidental expenses, and for receiving,
safe-keeping and transmitting the public moneys,
and there is left to the register and receiver each
the small pittance of $281, as a compensation for
their services, and the discharge of duties of a high
and responsible character. Now, sir, these are the
facts; and I appeal to this House, by a solemn sense
of justice, not to withhold a fair compensation to
these officers for the services they have rendered.
This House cannot hesitate between the pro-
priety of passing a bill now allowing to registers
and receivers for their services heretofore in loca-
ting these warrants, and the plan recommended
■by the honorable chairman of the committee—
namely, that each register and receiver who shall
deem himself aggrieved shall present his separate
claim to Congress. Shall we impose upon every
land officer the arduous-duty of becoming a suitor
to Congress, of employing an agent or coming in
person at great expense to Congress for relief?
Such a course, in most instances, would be tanta-
mount to a denial of justice, for I am sure very
few of them would undertake so hazardous an en-
terprise as to obtain from Congress this compen-
sation.
But, sir, upon the score of public economy,
which gentlemen seem to regard so much, had we
not better make a fair allowance now than adopt
the course of the chairman of the committee? We
shall find it but a poor sort of economy to invite
these numerous claimants to present their indi-
vidual claims to Congress. One important object
of making the compensation now, is to prevent
the presentation of these separate claims. If each
individual register and receiver should present his
claim here and occupy the time and attention of
our committees, and they should undergo discus-
sion in both legislative branches, it would cost the
Government more than to allow at once by this
bill a fair and honest compensation. Every one
acquainted with the history of legislation, its de-
bates and delays, will not hesitate to admit the
force of this view of the case.
It is contended that plenty of good men can be
got to do the service for the present compensation.
And so, sir, plenty of good men, as was properly
remarked by my colleague, [Mr. Campbell,] could
be got to discharge the duties of Representative on
this floor for one half the compensation which we
receive. Sir, I hope the day will never arrive
when the offices of this country and of this char-
acter are to be dispensed to the lowest bidder.
High character and superior qualifications should
be the recommendations to office, and the compen-
sation should always lie such as to secure the most
meritorious men in office.
The duties of the land office are not merely min-
isterial. It is a high post of honor and responsi-
bility. It has become an intimate and important
part of the administration of the Government. It
is a part of a difficult and complicated branch of
of one of the departments of the Government, the
proper management of which requires a great deal
of method, accuracy, and the exercise of good
judgment, and involving the greatest responsibil-
ity. The register and receiver have to enter into
heavy bonds. The receiver has the custody of
the public moneys, and his conduct is all the time
subject to the severest public sciutiny. The very
kind of men whom the Government wants in such
a capacity are the men who, in their private busi-
ness, could accumulate as much as the Govern-
ment would be justifiable in allowing. And, sir,
we cannot expect them to abandon a lucrative and
profitable business to take an office involving the
highest responsibilities and the discharge of most
arduous duties for a pitiful compensation. And I
have been told by these officers, that they would
be torced to resign unless their compensation was
increased; andmany of them would have resigned
long ago but for their confident reliance upon the
justice of Congress to render them a fair return 
an honest equivalent for the services they have
been performing. '
Mr. Chairman, I will for a moment address my
remarks to another feature in the bill—to the sec-
tion which extends the provisions of the former
act so as to allow the soldier a day for each twen-
ty miles of travel from the place of organization
of his company to the place of his enlistment I
cordially concur m this feature of the bill. I be-
ieve, sir, that there are as meritorious claimantsl
among those who have been engaged in the sup-
pression of Indian hostilities as among those who
have engaged in the Mexican and other wars.
Among them, sir, are the pioneers of our western
country, that hardy and adventurous race, who
have marched in the van of civilization, and en-
countered with heroic fortitude all the vicissitudes
of the forest, and all the perils of Indian warfare,
and yet, sir, have not been recognized as the sol-
diers of the Government. They, sir, are the rep-
resentatives of that glorious epoch in the march
of empire westward, " when every cabin was a
fortress, and every man, yea, every woman, was
a soldier."
Sir, I suppose I did not understand the remarks
of my friend from Ohio in his reflections, as 1 sup-
posed, upon a most meritorious class of our citi-
zens. 1 do not know, sir, whom he meant, some
weeks ago, by the term " corn-stalk army."
Does he mean the militia ? Whether he means
them or not, it has been the custom of certain poli-
ticians to heap reproaches upon this, which 1 es-
teem the main arm, the strong bulwark, the im-
pregnable fortress of our country's defence. After
all, sir, it is to this class, as well as to the soldiers
of the regular Army, to whom our country is in-
debted for some of the most brilliant military
achievements which adorn our past history.
They, sir, have been the men of strong arms and
bold hearts, who have borne aloft our flag in tri-
umph on every field of battle, and who, alike at
Lexington, at the Thames, at New Orleans, at
Buena Vista, at Cerro Gordo, won for American
arms laurels as green and imperishable as ever
decked the brow of the victorious warrior.
Mr. Speaker, now is not the best time to exam-
ine the policy of this Government as to the right
mode of disposing of the public lands. At some
future period I hope to have the attention of this
House while I give my views at length upon this j
subject. There is one thing which I will say now,
and that is, that the United States ought not, in its
system of financial policy, to look to the public
lands as a source of revenue—first, because, in
fact, in deducting disbursements made in their pur-
chases from the Indians, in surveying them, keeping
up land offices, the bureau of the public lands at
Washington, and the expenses of legislation about
them, they do not realize to the Government five
cents to the acre. We want a stable, firm system
of revenue, such as we have from customs, which,
while it affords sufficient revenue to the Govern-
ment, affords protection to American labor and a
home market to the American farmer.
Our sure policy with regard to the public lands
is to bestow them with liberal hands, first to those
who have evinced their devotion to their country
in its defence; second, by munificent appropria-
tions for the promotion of popular education, and
especially to the education of the blind, the insane,
and deaf and dumb; third, to grant portions of
these lands to the States for making railroads, to
be free to the United States for the transportation
of mails, and troops, and munitions of war; and
lastly, to grant them im limited quantities to the act-
ual settler for himself and his posterity forever.
If the public lands are appropriated for these
purposes, they will be fountains of blessedness,
political, social, commercial to our country; these
thousands of millions of acres—this mighty and
beautiful and boundless domain of rich and fertile
lands will be exbaustless mines of wealth, from
which we may draw from year to year, for even
centuries to come, for the great purposes of internal
improvement, popular education, benefaction to
the soldier, and the freehold homes of our citizens.
[Here the Chairman's hammer fell, the time
fixed by the House for closing debate upon the
bill under consideration having expired.]
Mr. MASON. Me. Chairman, I desire to offer
an amendment.
Mr. DUNHAM. I believe I am entitled to the
floor for one hour, under the rule of the House,
the debate having been closed.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair supposes the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Dunham,] who re-
ported from the select committee the House bill, is
not entitled to the floor, that bill not now being
under consideration. The gentleman will recol-
lect that the Chair yesterday decided that the Sen-
ate bill must take precedence, and the House bill,
therefore, is not now under consideration. He
will not be entitled to the floor, to close debate,
until the House bill shall have been under consid-
eration.
Mr. DUNHAM. This whole matter was re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union at the same time, and the debate was
closed on both bills by the same resolution. I
shall therefore feel myself bound to take an appeal
from the decision of the Chair, and claim my right
to occupy the floor for an hour—having reported
the House bill, and debate having been closed upon
both bills at the same time.
Mr. MASON I have no objection to the gen-
tleman's making an hour's speech. My objectin
claiming the floor was merely to offer an amend-
ment.
The CHAIRMAN. The resolution adopted
by the House provides that debate shall terminate
in two hours after the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union shall have resumed the con-
sideration of the Senate bill and joint resolution of
the House. The bill and resolutions were re-
ferred jointly; but when the House resolved itself
into the committee on the spccial order, the Chair
decided, that although both propositions had been
referred in the same special order, yet only one
bill could be under consideration in committee at the
same time, and that the Senate bill must have pre-
cedence. The Senate bill has, therefore, been under
discussion. The gentleman from-Indiana [Mr.
Dunham] claims the right now to speak one hour,
the debate upon the two bills having been closed.
The Chair decides, that inasmuch as the Senate
bill is under consideration, amendments, if there
be any, must be offered and the bill disposed of,
before the House bill will come up. When that
bill shall be up, the gentleman can claim his hour,
but not till then. From that decision the gentle-
man appeals.
"r. DUNHAM.
Mr." DUNHAM. I think the Chairman has
put the case rather stronger than it really is. I
think he has only stated one side of it.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is not de-
batable.
Mr. DUNHAM. I know it is not, but I pre-
sume the Chair will permit me to state my point
of order.
The CHAIRMAN. TheChair will permit the
gentleman to state his point of order.
Mr. DUNHAM. The resolution adopted by
the House closes debate upon both resolutions at
the same time.
Mr. BISSELL. The gentleman has no right to
debate the question. I call the gentleman to order
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman can state
his point of order.
Mr. DUNHAM. Thegentleman from Illinois is
getting a little ahead of his time. I have the right
to state the facts of the case. I say I think that
the resolution of the House outweighed the decis-
ion of the Chairman of the committee that only
one resolution was under consideration. I think
that decision was overruled by the House when
they adopted the resolution closing debate upon
both bills at the same time.
Mr. BISSELL. 1 rise to a question of order.
The gentlenVn is not stating his proposition, but
is making tuiW-gument. 1 object to it. It is not
in order.
Mr. DUNHAM. If the gentleman will listen
to me, I apprehend he will find whether I am sta-
ting my proposition or making an argument.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman must con-
fine himself to stating his proposition.
Mr. DUNHAM. I have only to say that the
resolution closing debate upon both propositions
at the same time, as a matter of course blends
them together, and they are, therefore, both legit-
imately before the committee. Upon that ground
I claim the right to address the committee under
the rules of the House.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair still thinks he
stated the question fairly. The question is, "Shall
the decision of the Chair stand as the judgment of
the committee ?"
Mr. BISSELL. I wish to make a single in-
quiry. As I understand it, this Senate bill has not
been before the select committee, of which the
gentleman from Indiana was chairman, at all, and
therefore has not been reported by that committee?
Mr. DUNHAM. Everybody knows that.
Mr. BISSELL. W^ell, that is all I desired to
ask.
The question now being "Shall the decision of
