2254
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 19?
laws authorizing the preparation of the works of
tlie Exploring Expedition be repealed. I shall pro-
pose such an amendment if we are able to strike out
the appropriation now proposed to be inserted.
I understand—and if I am wrong, the honorable
chairman of the Committee on the Library can
correct me—that Commodore Wilkes has a copy-
right of these works; that while we publish them,
he has a copy-right for their sale.
Mr. PEA.R.CE. Does the gentleman desire an
answer now ?
Mr. BRADBURY. Yes, sir.
Mr. PEARCE. 1 would reply, that this work
was first put under contract by the Committee on
the Library when I was not a member of it.
The agreement was then made by the Hon. Mr.
Tappan, then chairman of the Committee on the
Library, with Captain Wilkes, by which Captain
Wilkes was to write a Narrative of the Expedition,
without receiving any pay for it; and was to write
it out of office hours. He was required to devote
his time during office hours to the preparation of
the charts of the expedition, of which some two
hundred or three hundred have already been pub-
lished, with great advantage to all the custom-
houses of the country where they have been sold.
Mr. Wilkes, I believe, did write the narrative out
of office hours. In consideration of that he was
allowed, after the Government had got the quan-
tity and number of the work which they were to
receive, to have a copyright for the Narrative.
But there is not a copyright for any of the other
works. Noone has any copyright to them. They
are as free to all the publishers in this country
as anything else. It is the Narrative only which
has been copyrighted, and that was done under
an agreement made by Mr. Tappan with Captain
Wilkes, under the circums tances which I have
stated.
Mr. BRADBURY. It would seem that in
regard to the publication of the Narrative, a copy-
right was secured, while Congress made the pub-
lication; and the other officers who accompanied
the expedition were, I believe, required to turn
over their journals to enable the commander to
prepare the work for which he had the copy-right.
It would seem, then, that there could be no par-
ticular claim for damages, and that we might as
well terminate the publication of the work now as
at any other time.
Mr. PEARCE. The Narrative has been com-
pleted.
Mr. BRADBURY. It is obvious that so long
ago as J845, Congress was led to believe that the
whole subject had terminated; and I supposed
that the legitimate objects of the law of 1842 were
accomplished at that time, and that no further
legislation was necessary. It is time that we
should stop this abuse, for it really has the appear-
ance, to use the language of the honorable Senator
from Pennsylvania, of being a book-making job.
I hope, therefore, that we will retain the amend-
ment as it has been reported by the Committee on
Finance, with the exception of the item as to the
Exploring Expedition.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will put the
question on each proposition separately. The
first question will be on the proposition of the
committee to strike out these two items:
(i For contingent expenses of paid Library, $800.
"For puichasc or'books for said Library, $7.),000."
The motion to strike out was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT. The next question wilt
be on inserting- the following item, reported by the
committee:
? (c To defray freight, and other expenses incurred under
■the act to regulate the exchange of certain documents, and
other publication!!, approved June 26, 1843, the sum of
$1,000; and that the s-aid act is hereby repealed."
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT. The next item reported
by the committee is to insert the following:
" For purchase of books for said Library, and for contin-
gent expense"? thereof; and for the purchase ot furniture for
the same, $40,000."
The Senator from Maryland proposes to amend
this amendment by striking out " 40," and insert-
ing ('75."
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to; and the amendment as amended was agreed
to.
The PRESIDENT. The question will now be
on inserting the following:
(i For continuing the preparation and publication of the
works of the Exploring Expedition, including the expenses
of the green-house, and for the settlement of arrears due on
the erection of said green-house, $25,000."
Mr. SHIELDS. Mr. President, as I under-
stand the honorable Senator from Maryland, this
appropriation is to execute a contract which was
entered into in pursuance of law. I cannot, for
my life, see in what way we can rid ourselves of
that obligation. I mention this matter for the ben-
efit of my honorable friends from Pennsylvania,
Maine, and Arkansas. As I understand it, these
contracts have been entered into in pursuance o.
law, and it requires this amount to execute them
If I am mistaken, I wish to be corrected.
Mr. PEARCE. I would say this: that a
number of contracts have been entered into in
pursuance of law; but there are one or two of the
works which we are now publishing, for which
the persons employed receive a salary. I do not
know that these can properly be called contracts.
The major part of the works, however, are under
contract.
Mr. SHIELDS. It amounts pretty much to
the same thing. The view I take of the matter is
this—and it goes to some propositions which have
been made here within a few days—that in enter-
ing into a great enterprise of this kind we ought
to calculate in some measure the expense that will
attend it. We had a proposition before us the
other day for the survey and reconnoissance of
the Northern ocean. We seem never to calculate
the vast expense that must attend such an enter-
prise. I am unable and incapable of estimating
the value to the country of this enterprise; but 1
can say this, that there has come to me from
scientific journals in this country, and in other
countries, an accountof this expedition, which has
rated it above any expedition of the kind that has
ever gone forth from any country. I understand
it has brought forward an amount of natural
science, has elicited information on natural his-
tory such as no expedition of the kind has ever
heretofore done. Such is my understanding of the
matter—such is the manner in which the scientific
men of other countries regard this expedition.
Why, it is a most extraordinary idea to sup-
pose that nine or ten years is a long while to be
employed in preparing works of this kind; be-
cause we know that it takes a long life for such
men as Humboldt and Audubon to attain perfec-
tion in such sciences. It takes men a long life-
time in other countries to work out one branch
of science of this character. Therefore, the time
employed should not be deemed extraordinary.
1 do not want to go into this matter further. I
have been astonished when I have heard the ac-
counts of the immense sums which are expended
by other Governments in the pursuit of works of
this kind, compared with what is expended by
our own. I hold, now, that having gone into this
work, the idea that we are to abandon it at this
stage, is certainly a very singular one. I cannot
understand it. When the books are almost pre-
pared, and i*eady for publication, why should we
abandon the matter?
Mr. BORLAND. Mr. President, a great deal
has been said about the value of the materials col-
lected, and the information which has been col-
lected and distributed, as the result of this expedi-
tion. But, after ail, it is a mere expression of
opinion. The Senator from Illinois admits that
he is in the same situation, to some extent, at
least, as myself in this respect; that he is not alto-
gether competent to form an opinion of it, even if
he were to take time to sit down and examine it.
I confess that would be my condition; and, as the
Senator from Maryland has suggested, there are
very few, if any of us, who would be competent
to give an opinion as to its merits. But that argu-
ment of his, it seems to me, is one addressed to
our ignorance, to induce us to go by faith in this
matter.
Here is an object of appropriation presented to
us; one which requires us to go very largely into
the Treasury, to expend a great deal of public
money. For what? For what we can conscien-
tiously say is a proper object?—one conferring
vast benefits upon the country ? No, sir. It is
this: we are to expend large amounts of money
for the publication of matter of which we know
nothing, and of the value of which we have no in-
formation on which we can rely.
As to the results of this expedition, we know
very well where the objects of natural history col-
lected and brought home by it are to be found.
We know that they are here in the Patent Office.
I have been told, that when the whole collection
was offered as a contribution to the Smithsonian
Institution in this city, that institution positively
refused to take it. They would not give the col-
lection house-room. Now, if we are to rely upon
the opinions of scientific gentlemen as to the value
of these things, I certainly consider the Smithso-
nian Institution as competent to give an opinion,
as other scientific bodies or persons. They must
have considered it of little value, or they certainly
would have been willing to take it. Here is the
result; here is the product of the expedition col-
lected, arranged, and spread out before us in the
most attractive form, I suppose, by scientific
men. It is the result of fouryears'exploration of
objects in natural history, and a description of
those objects, for which we have expended many
thousands of dollars. This collection was offered
to a literary and scientific institution in this city,
established here for the purpose of taking charge
of such matters for the Government; and they pos-
itively refused it house-room, when offered as a
free gift. They thought it was not worth the
money it would take to put up shelves, and fit up
a room for its accommodation. I do not state this
as conclusive evidence of the value of this collec-
tion. But I think I have a right to mention it, as
a set-off to the statements made by the Senators
from Maryland and Illinois, that scientific men
were of the opinion that this collection was very
valuable.
This item of $25,000 embraces not only the
publication of the works of the Exploring Ex-
pedition, but it is for the expenses of a green-
house. That green-house, I believe, is to accom-
modate a povtion of the collection made by this
Exploring Expedition. So we have here brought
upon us, by this expedition, not only an almost
interminable system of book-making, but we have
gone into the green-house system. We have gone
into the cultivation of all sorts of plants. We
have a commissioner, I believe, to take charge of
the green-house. We have grounds appropri-
ated for it; glass houses erected for it; and every
year we are called upon for an appropriation to
pay its expenses.
Mr. President, this may all be very well; it may
all be right; it may all be constitutional; it may
all be useful, and our labors in carrying on such a
system may be very patriotic; it may benefit the
people of some portions of this country; but it
does strike me as in very remarkable contrast with
the course of Senators, when a proposition is
made here for money to be appropriated to clear
out our great western rivers, to make safe our nav-
igation, to save the lives and property of our citi-
zens engaged in pursuits which the Constitution
and the laws recognize, and upon which the wel-
fare of this country depends. The cold shoulder
is turned to us. Money is refused year after year,
while our rivers are filling up; our men, women,,
and children, engaged in their lawful business, are
destroyed, and their property lost, to the amount
of millions of dollars annually. Not a dollar can
be given for that object. Not a dollar has been
given since I have had the honor of occupying a
seat on this floor—now more than four years—
and yet we have thousands of dollars appropri-
ated, without scruple and without hesitation for
the employment of men to draw pictures of bugs
and grasshoppers, and take care of pines, and
matters of various vegetable growth that have been
brought from foreign countries to gratify the taste
of gentlemen of leisure.
I know these remarks may be considered as
very coarse and very demagogical. I am willing
to bear the imputation. They may not indicate,
on my part, a very high order of science, or a
very highly-cultivated taste. Butthey do indicate,
on my part, what I sincerely feci in my heart,
that we owe duties to the practical business inter-
ests of this country, certainly in a higher degree
than we do to such ornamental branches as this
appropriation is proposed to benefit. One hun-
dred and eighty-five thousand dollars have been
expended upon this single object; and $50,000
have been refused to clear out the raft in the great
Red river; and only §260,000 are proposed to be
appropriated for the great Mississippi, the Ohio,
the Missouri, the Arkansas, and all the great
rivers of the West, where hundreds of millions of
