1890
the congressional globe.
May 19,
of a navy-yard and naval depot at New Orleans,
asked to be discharged from the further consider-
ation thereof, and that the resolutions be printed;
which was agreed to. _
•He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred a report of the Secretary of the Navy,
containing the proceedings of the court of in-
quiry in relation to the loss of the united States
steamer " Edith;'* charges of Lieutenant Craven
against Commodore Jones, and of Commodore
Jones against Lieutenant Craven; and correspond-
ence in relation to the erection of a saw-mill at
San Francisco, and in relation to the appointment
and transportation of LieutenantMeade and other
officers for the steamer " Edith," from Boston to
the Pacific, asked to be discharged from the fur-
ther consideration thereof; which was agreed to.
Mr. MALLORY, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to which was referred the bill for the re-
lief of Richard W. Meade, reported it back with-
out amendment, accompanied by a report; which
was ordered to be printed.
On motion by Mr. MALLORY, it was
Ordered, That the report of the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, on ttie petition of J- T. Page, be printed.
Mr. FOOT, from the Committee on Pensions,
to which were referred the following petitions,
submitted adverse reports thereon; which were
ordered to be printed:
Petition of Elliot F. Penny, a soldier in the last
war with Great Britain, praying a pension.
Petition of Sarah F. Gowell, widow of a soldier
in the last war with Great Britain, praying a pen-
sion.
Petition of citizens of Waldoboro', Maine, pray-
ing that the pension now received by Conrad
Hyer may, at his death, be granted to his grand-
son.
Petition of Sarah Smith, widow of a soldier m
the Army, praying a pension.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the bill from the House of Repre-
sentatives for the relief of John Hazen, submitted
an adverse report thereon; which was ordered to
be printed.
Mr. BERRIEN, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to which was referred the petition of
James Chapman, administrator of Thomas Chap-
man, praying one fourth part of the proceeds of
the cargo of the brig " Diana," condemned for
violating the non-intercourse laws, submitted a
report, accompanied by a bill for his relief; which
was read and passed to the second reading. The
report was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the memorial of Benjamin S. Rob-
erts, of the Army, praying to be allowed the pay
and emoluments of a lieutenant of dragoons from
the time he was discharged from the Army to
the tune when he was appointed a lieutenant of
mounted riflemen, submitted a report, accompa-
nied by a bill for Ills relief; wlucli was read and
passed to the second reading. The report was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. GEYER, from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, to which was refeired a petition of citizens
of Pennsylvania, praying that the introduction of
convicts, felons, and paupers into the United States
may be prohibited, asked to be discharged from
the further consideration theieof; which was agreed
to.
Mr. ADAMS, from the Committee on Claims,
to which was referred the memorial of J. Smith,
praying indemnity for a steam-vessel lost in the
employ of the United States, submitted an ad-
verse report thereon.
Mr. FELCH, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to which was referred the bill granting a
right of way and a portion of the public lands to
the State of California, to aid in the construction
of a railroad from the city of San Francisco to the
city of San Jose, in that State, reported it back
with an amendment.
On motion by Mr. GWIN, the bill was consid-
ered as m Committee of the Whole; and the re-
ported amendment having been agreed-to, it was
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. CLEMENS, by unanimous consent, asked
and obtained leave to intioduce a bill to extend
the provisions of an act approved the 3d of March,
1847, and the act approved the 26th of February,
184B, for carrying into effect the existing compacts
with the States of Alabama and Mississippi in re-
lation to the five per cent, fund and the school
reservations; which was read a first and second
time by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives
was received, announcing that it had passed a res-
olution changing the name of St. Peter's river, in
the Minnesota Territory.
PORTS OF ENTRY AND DELIVERY.
Mr. HAMLIN. There is a bill reported by
the Committee on Commerce regulating the collec-
tion districts for the Territory of Oregon; and as
this is the week in which" territorial business
comes up in the House of Representatives, I ask i
the indulgence of the Senate to pass over the prior '
orders and take up that bill this morning, so that
it may be considered by the Senate and sent to the
House to be considered by the House along with
other territorial business. I apprehend that it will
take but a verv few minutes to dispose of it.
Mr. HUNTER. What is the character of the
bill? , . ,
Mr. HAMLIN. It is a bill to authorize the
President of the United States to designate the
places for the ports of entry and delivery for the
collection districts of Puget's Sound and Umpqua,
in the Territory of Oregon, instead of the places
where they now are.
The motion to postpone the prior orders was
agreed to; and the bill having been l'ead a second
time, it was considered by the Senate as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
It provides that the President of the United
States be authorized to designate the places for the
ports of entry for the collection districts of Puget's
Sound and Umpqua, in the Territory of Oregon,
upon receiving satisfactory information as to the
best location for said ports, instead of the places
now established by law in said districts, respect-
ively.
Mr. HAMLIN. It was found, on establishing
porls of entrv in that Territory, that U was im-
possible to fix them in places which would not be
affected by the influx of population. Itwasthere-
fore deemed advisable by the Committee on Com-
merce, to place discretionary power in the hands
of the Secretary of the Treasury, so as to desig-
nate the ports as the wants of the country should
require. I am also directed by the Committee on
Commerce, to offer a second section to the bill,
legulatmg the salaries of the collectors in these
districts. I offer this section as an amendment to
the bill.
The additional section was read, as follows:
Pre.'*5. Beit further enacted, That the salary of the col-
lectoi of custom* for the distiic! of Oiejon, in the Territory
of Oregon. he ami hcieby is and established at
£"3.000 pi'i' annum, with fees and salary in the a?^re^at>-
iHi't i■ ri■ i!mi!' 000 And the ^nlatv of the collector of
cimobh (or the di-met ol Pnaet's Sound and ("nipqua,
respective]!, shall hi' fixed and e-labli-hcd rtl .$2,000 p-r
annum.'vi!1! fee*. and sakuv not eveefdl'ii* .^i},501), which
sulanes shall continue 111 fmee for the term of six yeais.
Mr. HAMLIN. These sums correspond with
the sums paid to the collectors m the smaller ports
in California. The matter was submitted to the
Secretary of the Treasury, and these sums were
fixed upon 011 his recommendation. The sums
thus proposed seem satisfactory to the committee.
The amounts the collectors have heretofore re- j
ceived, have not been sufficient to pay their ex-
penses; and they have had to live upon their own ■
means in discharging the duties of the Govern- j
ment. The time during which these sums are to |
be paid is limited to six years, at which time it is j
hoped there may be such a change of things in 1
that country as to permit a reduction of these sal- 1
aries. The bill limits the power to that time: and, j
when it has expired, if it be found necessary to i
revive the provision regulating these salaries, it j
can be revived; and if not, then it will die by its i
own limitation. i
The additional section was adopted. \
The bill was then reported to the Senate, arid '
the amendment made by the Senate as in Com-;
mittee nt'the Whole was concurred in, after which
the bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading. )
THE DEFICIENCY BILL. j
The Senate resumed, as in Committee of the j
Whole, the consideration of the bill from the |
House of Representatives, entitled "An act to
supply deficiencies in the appropriations for the
service of the fiscal year ending the 30th of .Tune,
1852," thequestion pending bemgupon the amend-
ment of the Committee on Finance, as it has been
amended, as follows:
For additional compensation for increasing the transport-
ation of the United States mail between New York and
Liverpool, in the Collins, hue of sleameis, to twenty six
trips per annum, at sueh times as shall he directed bv the
Postmaster General, and in confoimityto ins Ia«t annual
repoit to Congress, and his letter of the 15th of November
last to the Secretary of the Navy, commencing paid in-
creased service on the 1st of January, 1852, at the rate of
§33,000 per trip, in lieu of the present allowance, the sum
of $236,500: Provided, That it shall be in the power of
Congiess, at any time after the 31st day of December, 1851,
to terminate the arrangement for any additional allowance
herein provided for.
Mr. HUNTER. The honorable Senator from
Michigan, I believe, desires to submit some re-
marks in relation to the proposed appropriation
for payment of the citizens of Alabama and Geor-
gia for depredations committed by the Creek In-
dians. I would therefore ask the Senate, by gen-
eral consent, to lay aside the amendment in rela-
tion to the Collins line of steamers, and take up
the other; and I hope that when it is taken up,
we may come to a vote upon it.
Mr. SEWARD. I hope it will not be taken
: up.
I Mr. BORLAND. I would say to the Senate,
! that day before yesterday, when the amendment
; in relation to the Collins line of steamers was
I taken up, it was done by laying aside informally
j the amendment which the Senator from Virginia
; now proposes to take up. The Senator from
j Michigan had the floor at that time upon the
j amendment mentioned by the Senator from Vir-
ginia. It was, hosvever, laid aside informally,
I and the amendment relating to the Collins line of
! steamers was taken up out of place, and I made
j my remarks upon it. I then supposed that the
| amendment on which the Senator from Michigan
! is now prepared to speak would come up as a
' matter of course.
I The PRESIDENT. It cannot come up except
by unanimous consent. Does the Senator fiom
New York adhere to his objection ?
Mr. SEWARD. Yes, sir; I do.
The PRESIDENT. The pending question
then is upon the amendment relating to the Col-
lins line of steamers.
Mr. BORLAND. I should be very sorry to
inflict another speech upon thp Senate on this
question so soon after having consumed so much
of the time of the Senate during two other days;
but, if the friends of this proposition are deter-
mined to force it on the Senate, and on the coun-
try, to the postponement, and, perhaps, the exclu-
sion, of the necessary and proper features of the
deficiency bill, they ought not to feel aggrieved if'
those who believe that it is not only wrong ill
itself, but that it is out of place in this bill, should
occupy some of the time of the Senate in offering
their objections to it, especially since it has been
advocated at such length, and so elaborately, by
them.
I think I can say, with entire confidence in the
truth of the statement, that, if the friends ofthis pro-
position had not discussed it_at such length them-
selves—had not advanced such views in support of
it—and had not made it so prominent a subject of
discussion by the Senate, and before the country,
those who are opposed to it would not have con-
sumed so much time, perhaps would hardly have
spoken at all, in replying to their arguments.
They have forced this subject, and its elaborate
discussion, on the Senate. They have done so,
to the interruption of the general business of the
country. We had before us the items of a defi-
ciency bill, asked of us by the Administration,
who are charged with the execution of the laws
of the country; and we are told it is indispensable
that it should be speedily passed, in order that the
regular business of the Government should go on.
And yet the friends of the Administration—those
who tell us thesame thing with regard to the bus-
iness of the country, and the operations of the
Administration, and the necessity of speedy ac-
tion—have brought forward a subject in connec-
tion with the bill, have tacked on to it a matter that
has not one feature of a deficiency in it. Instead
of making it a mere amendment to the bill, it has
swallowed up the bill itself, and has taken its
place. Instead of a little more than |2,000,000, or,
