1392
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 19.
Senator from California. But, as so large a por-
tion of the discussion has been confined to mat-
ters which seem to me to be totally irrelevant to
the real merits of the question before the Senate,
I* think it right that a few moments, at least,
should be devoted to the questions which are actu-
ually involved.
Mr. RUSK. I wish to make another appeal (
to the Senator from Georgia to withdraw his op-
position to the proposition to postpone this amend-
ment. 1 do not believe that we now can take the
vote with strict justice to these claimants.
Mr. DAWSON. I understand this matter, I
think, perfectly well. This amendment is a ques-
tion which is now before the Senate, and if it is
desired to be discussed, let it be discussed; but let
it keep its precedence as it now has it. Let us not (
take the question upon another proposition, and :
then fall back and take the vote upon this after- j
wards. I prefer that we should take the vote upon i
the two propositions as they now stand. If we j
.keep both before us we shall have a full house to j
decide them, and get a full vote, and have the
views of the Senate expressed more fully on both
propositions.
Mr. CHASE. 1 have not the slightest dispo-
sition to consume the time of the Senate, as every
Senator knows, and I should be extremely glad if
the honorable Senator from Georgia would with-
draw his objection. It seems to me to be due to |
the Senator from California, that it should be done. I
The amendment in regard to the Collins line of
steamers stood first in order, and was set aside by :
general consent, for the accommodation of the Son- ;
ator from Arkansas, [Mr. Borland,] who was s
not prepared to proceed with Jus renuuks, in con-
sequence of sickness. It was an indulgence to
that Senator—an indulgence which is always
granted by the courtesy of the Senate—which gave
the amendment which has been proposed by the ;
Senator fr m Tennessee its present position. I
repeat to the Senator from Georgia, that 1 shall be
extremely glad if he will withdraw his objection,
and permit the proposition in regard to the Colhps
line of steamers to be taken up and acted upon.
Mr. DAWSON. When the bill shall he re-
ported to the Senate, the whole matter will be en-
tirely within the control of this body, and the i
speech of the Senator from Ohio can be as well
delivered then as now; whether it be for or against
this appropriation. I am not stubborn, nor do I
generally interpose; but when f see two proposi-
tions before this body at once, and undei stand the
relation which one bears to the other, I am dis-
posed to occupy a position which, I think, wjII
subserve justice on both sides.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will have to
interfere with the consumption of time upon a sub-
ject which is not before the body.
Mr. CHASE, f am not uwaie of «nv relation
wliKh eKiHta between these two questions; I trust
there is none. 1 trust the Senator from Georgia
is altogether mistaken in the intimation which he
has thrown out, that, there is any connection be-
tween these questions. What connection ran
there be between thenv
Mr. DAWSON. 1 referred to the number of
Senators that we should have in the body. I
thought that if both questions occupied the atten-
tion of the Senate, wo should have a pietty full
attondawe, and that a fair vo{e could be taken.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will have to in-
terfere again, and say to Senators that the subject-
matter properly under discussion, is the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Tennessee. It
cannot be set aside but by unanimous consent, to
take up any other proposition.
Mr. CHASE. I shall, then, state, very briefly,
the reasons which govern my vote, and T shall
not speak at any length. I do not see that the
discussion which has occupied ho much of the
time of the Senate as to the policy of the adminis-
tration of General Jackson in relation to the
Creek hostilities, has anything whatever to do
with tke question which ia presented by this
amendment. Whether the policy of that Admin-
istration was wkse or otherwise, it cannot affect,
as it seems to me, in the slightest degree, or ought
not to affect in the slightest degree, the decision
of this body on the question which is now pre-
sented to us. What is the naked, simple quesuon
before the Senate5 it is, shall the Government
of the United States pay the sum cf £355,000
for alleged depredations committed by the Creek
Indians upon the property of persons in Alaba-
ma and Georgia? That is the naked question.
That is the whole question presented. It is
simply, shall the Government of the United States
pay that sum as indemnity for depredations com-
mitted by the Creek Indians upon the property of
the citizens of those two States ?
Now, what principle is invoked as the ground
upon which this payment is to be made ? It is
said that these depredations were not committed
during the existence of a state of war. That is a
matter which is controverted. It is a matter, as
it seems to me, of no moment whichever way it
may be settled. The agents who were instructed,
under the act of 1837, to inquire into the amount
and character of these depredations were instruct-
ed to report them in three classes. In the first
class, they were instructed to enumerate those
claims which came within the provisions of the
act of 1816, claims which might arise in a state of
war. In the second class, they were instructed
to report the claims which arose under the Indian
intercourse act. And in the third class, they were
instiuctedto report generally depredations com-
mitted by the Indians upon the property of the citi-
zens. They reported certain claims within the first
class. I think the aggregate of them was something
like $25,000. They were claims for which, in the
opinion of the commissioners, the Government
of the United States was responsible under the
act of 1816. Under the second class they report-
ed no claims at all. And, under the general head
of Indian depredations, they reported a number of
claims amounting to about a million and a quarter
of dollars. The amount which they thought it
would be proper to allow is the precise amount
which is fixed m this amendment. This report
was made in 1837. In 1838 it was brought to
the notice of Congress, and, m the other House
the present Comptroller of the Treasury, Mr.
Whittlesey, then at the head of the Committee on
! Chums, made an elaborate report, examining the
j evidence, examining the principles, and disallow-
| ing the claim. That report, 1 believe, was con-
! curred in by the House. From that time to this
| the question has remained in that state.
; Mr. President, it seems to me somewhat vex-
] traordinary that a claim of this character—an old
| claim—pressed upon the attention of Congress—
| reported against, and perhaps also reported favor-
| ably upon, should be pressed here as an addition
j to a deficiency bill, already large in us amount,
and, in fact, enormous and unprecedented in its
; amount. 1 am a little surprised that the friends
! of the Administration should desire to press into
; this deficiency bill an amount of this magnitude,
| when it is already swelled beyond all former pre-
! cedent. At the same time, if the claim is well
i founded—if it is supported by principle, I should
, not, fur that reason alone, withhold my vote
j from it. But, as i have already said, it is not
' within the principle of the not of 1816. It is not
| claimed to be within it. It is not within theprm-
1 ctple of the intercourse act, although it is claimed
i to be so. I will, in a very few words, show the
i grounds of the opinion which I now express,
tiiat it is notwithm the principles of the intercourse
act.
The intercourse act is not a recent one. The
act of lfc*34, it is true, has been chiefly referied to
in this discussion, but the principles of the inter-
course act are almost as old as the Government.
'Die act of H9G contains the same identical prin-
ciple which is contained in the act of 1834. What
is that principle? Why, the Government of the
United fetates draws *a line, by which it separates
from the Territories of the States the Indian coun-
try. Within ihat Indian country the tribes, and
the General Government, exercise exclusive juris-
diction. The tribes are all under the tutelage of
the Government, and it becomes the duty of the
Government to exercise over those tribes within
its own Territories constant supervision and super-
intendence. The object of the Government is to
prevent depredation by those tribes; and in order
to effect that, it has legislated, from the beginning;
of our Indian policy, so as to make the tribes
responsible for those depredations. If an Indian,
passing out of the Indian country, or within the
limits of the Indian country, where he is under
the jurisdiction of the United States, commits a
depredation upon the pioperty of a citizen, the
! mode of redress is pointed out by the statute,
i Proof of the individual claim is to be made. Then
a demand for the amount is to be made upon the
Indian tribe. If payment is refused, the amount
is to be withheld from the annuities due the tribe.
In the ultimate event the Government guaranties
the payment, but it does not guarantee the pay-
ment in any case where the individual so injured
seeks private revenge. The object of all these
enactments is to prevent the exercise of private
revenge, and to maintain a rigid and constant
supervision over the Indian tribes within the Terri-
tories of the United States. But never in any
case, from the commencement of the Government
up to this time, has the Government made itself
responsible for depredations committed within the
limits of any State. The reason for this is ob-
vious. Within the limits of a State, the State
authority is supreme and sovereign. In the Terri-
tories the only sovereignty to which an appeal can
be made is the sovereignty of the United States.
Within the limits of the States the duty of pro-
tecting the citizen devolves upon the State.
Within the limits of the Territories the duty of
protecting the citizen devolves upon the Govern-
ment of the United States. But even there the
United States does not seek to protect the citizen,
except by its general legislation, and as a part of
its general Indian policy. There is, therefore, as
it seems to me, no ground whatever for saying
that this claim comes within the principles of the
intercourse act. If it does not fall within the pro-
visions of the intercourse act, where does it fall?
I desire that Senators shall consider for a moment
!! what they are about to do when they vote for an
ij amendment of this character.
: 1 know of but two principles upon which this
11 amendment can be successfully vindicated; and if
jl they are wise principles of legislation, and of gov-
!| ernmental policy, this amendment can be sustained;
Ji but if they are not wise principles, this amendment
J j cannot be sustained. Is this Government respon-
11 sible for bad legislation ? If it is, then the amend-
;s ment can be sustained. Is this Government re-
; sponsible for bad administration? If it is, then
11 this amendment can be sustained. If you show
I' that there has been bad legislation, and bad admin-
■' istration, then you must prove that these are cases
:: in which the Government ought to be responsible,
i These aie the principles upon which this claim
!' must be sustained, if it is sustained at all. Where
; would this principle lead us ? It would lead us to
]! the doctrine of assuming all the consequences of
j! all the acts of legislation which maybe adopted by
! I Congress. If you repeal a tariff act, or reduce the
i tariff upon particular articles, injuries flow from
i that, legislation. Great losses arise from such
I causes. Is the Government responsible for them?
; It is responsible, in my judgment, if it is respon-
; sible for these depredations.
j; Again: is the Government responsible for in-
j! juries which result from the general policy of the
,1 Government ? It seems to me that the honorable
ji Senator from Tennessee has argued this case as if
it were. He has said that this treaty was unwise
—that it necessarily led to the results which have
! been witnessed; and having led to these results,
that the Government is responsible for the conse-
' quences. Then, if we are responsible for the con-
j. quences of this Indian treaty, we are responsible
j| for the consequences of every treaty that we ne-
gotiate. We negotiate treaties with foreign Pow-
;; ers by which the interests of our citizens are largely
'' affected. I will not individualize instances, be-
cause they will occur at once to the mind of every
; Senator. We can hardly negotiate any treaty
where the results will not be injurious to some-
| body. Eveiy treaty lhatwemake—all legislation
' that we enact, turns the accustomed course of pol-
, icy, and you cannot change the policy of a great
Government and mighty people, without inflicting
individual mjurv in some instances; but it has never
been heard of till now that for these injuries the
Government, was responsible.
Mr. President, this question has been presented
here again and again. It was presented by the
constituents of my friend from Iowa, and my friend
■ from Wisconsin, when they suffered so largely
from the depredations of the Indians in the Black
1 Hawk war; but tins Government did not indem-
nify them. It was presented in the case of claims
for Indian depredations in Michigan, but the Gov-
ernment refused to indemnify in that case. Uni-
formly, at all times, has the Government refused
! to sanction claims of this sort. It seems to me,
, therefore, that as these depredations do not fall
