480
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBfe
Feb. 5.
land, but I learn from a source entitled to as high
' consideration as any of these committees, that
"there are a number of these land offices tlmt are
not useful. The subject of inquiry, then, is, how
many sliail be abolished ? It is said that at those
land offices on the Cherokee and Choctaw lands,
where the land is worth but a shilling an acre, and
the sales would not pay the officers, the compen-
sation is paid out of the public Treasury; but it is
believed by those well acquainted with the busi-
ness  
Mr. BISSELL, (interrupting.) Will the gen-
tleman allow me a remark
Air. MASON. Certainly.
Mr. BISSELL. If the sales by cash and by
warrants are not sufficient to pay the register and
receiver, then they get nothing. They get nothing
out of the Treasury.
Mr. MASON. I think the gentleman will find
himself mistaken; and that these registers and re-
ceivers actually get their pay. They are paid out
of the Indian annuity. While that poor starving-
race are not able to obtain a subsistence, you are
paying these land registers and receivers, who are
selling land of little or no account, and that at a :
shilling an acre. It is a subject  j
Mr. BISSELL. Will the gentleman &llow J
me  I
Mr. MASON'. The gentleman will excuse me j
if I do not. There has been eight or ten hours'
occupied in the advocacy of these claims for pay- !
ment, and yesterday, when there was only two i
hours allowed here to debate the subject, gentle- '
men upon that side of the question were allowed
the whole of it. If I had one half hour I could
show the House, that this subject requires a com-
plete reorganization, and requires, upon the part
of the House and the committee, a rigid reform.
Well, sir, let this subject be referred to a commit-
tee of that character composed for that purpose. Let
those land offices where thereis no business—those
offices are sinecures—be discontinued; and let
(hose doing a large amount of business have suffi-
cient pay to employ clerks, and for themselves a
fair compensation. Let their labor be proportion-
ate to their salary. Do not, however, defeat this
soldiers' bill by loading it with other matters. You
talk of the suffering of the land officer. I have
from one of my constituents a letter in which he !
wishes to sell his land warrant of one hundred and |
sixty acres. He states that he served in the siege
of lripoii; that he was in the battle of Browns-
town, and was there wounded; and that he was
taken prisoner during this last war, and was im-
prisoned six months. Afterwards he was wounded
£rF?'lMeig!!' .N0W lie is .with his wife> olJ a"d
blind, himself crippled, making a bare subsistence
mending shoes. This matter to him is of great
importance. The land registers and receivers, j
receiving §500 a year, can live in abundance and I
oiiluence, while these poor soldiers are in beggary
for the wa.it of the passage of this bill. You'have I
talked upon this bill year after year; it was dis-
onswl at length at the last session, and it has
been discussed also at this. These men who claim
extra compensation can wait until the poor sol-
(liPi- lias been satisfied.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman ac-
cept the amendment?
Mr, MASON. I have no objection. I will ac-
cept it.
Mr. TAYLOR. I inquire if it is in order to
strike out that which has been accepted by the
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Mason,] and to
insert what I send to the Chair'
The CHAIRMAN. It is.
Mr. TAYLOR. I then move to strike out the
amendment of the gentleman from Kentucky, and
in lieu of it to insert the following:
furlher' T1,at ™y psis™ owning; such
B mi?',t'nrw,?r.ran,s'1sl,al1 be entitled to u,e them m
™irv m ! > ?5 I,ul,ho lani,s now suhiect to private ;
-?•:
the eam^isheki of iMd ^ j
' ^^OR. I will not detain the commit- ■
tee oy any extended remarks. I am very anxious I
to vote for he bill as it has come to u/from the !
Senate; and with all respect for the commits, I '
■!'■ su-£est gentlemen, that it seems that we
■u h make shght progress m the public business, !
unless we come to a vote promptly upon this quesl1
tmn, as this bill as been, in fact pending before the i
House two months, having been introduced upon j
the 3d day of December. I offer this amendment
in conformity to the wishes of some of those whom
I have the honor to represent; and I take this oc-
casion to say that I am not in favor of the 3d sec-
tions of this bill. That 1 am in favor of assigning
land warrants upfln such terms as the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office may prescribe.
I am in favor of paying the registers and receivers,
as proposed by the Senate, and 1 think there is
very little difference among the majority of mem-
bers of the committee upon that subject. It is a
just and right bill. I presented a petition at the
present session, from four gentlemen who hold the
offices of registers and receivers in thf? town in
which 1 live; and I will say to the honorable gen-
tleman from Illinois, [Mr. Bjssell] who discussed
this question with ability some weeks ago, urging
his party to do justice to the Whigs, and as the
Democrats would shortly be in power, that'justice
might be done to the officers coming in—that it is
my desire to do equal justice to Democrats and
Whigs. I have presented petitions from Demo-
crats, who have held these offices, as well as Whigs,
and wish they should be all paid, without reference
as to who shall succeed in the coming presidential
election. Ui my opinion, that is a question of
t great doubt, and not of so much certainty as gen-
tlemen would seem to indicate. The section ma-
king land warrants assignable, as sent to us by the
Senate, I think is infinitely preferable to anything
reported by any committee of this House; and
with the proviso, which I have offered, it appears
to me will meet the views of gentlemen upon every
side. My object is not to exclude those who go
to the West from entering lands at $2 50 per acre,
so far as their land warrants go. Jf a man goes ]
to the new States with-o one liundred and sixty |
acre land warrant, let him, ifjie choose, enter it j
upon eighty acres of that description of land, and i
1 will not confine him to land subject to private j
entry, "Yyhy not let him enter the land wherever ;
it may be surveyed and offered for sale at specified ;
prices with his land warrant? I would open the
whole field for the soldiers of the late war with'!
Great Britain, and others entitled to bounty land, !
under the acts of Congress, so that the man
with his warrant in his hand should stand upon
an exact equality with the man who had an equal
amount of gold and silver in his possession. No
man has advanced to the committee any argument
against it. I cannot say, Mr. Chairman, how far
1 shall be willing to go as regards the 4th and 5th
sections of the bill. My impression is, that the
Senate bill ought to be speedily passed. It is in-
finitely be'tter than any other that has been pre-
sented to us; and so far as I may, I will promote
the passage of that bill speedily, because I think
we ought to press the public business.
Mr, HALL. I have only a word or two to I
say in reference to the amendment of the gentle-
man from Ohio. I think, if the gentleman will
consider his amendment attentively, he will find
that under it an individual would not be permitted
to pay the difference between his land warrant and
the value of the land upon which he enters, with
cash. He would only be permitted to pay the
difference between the warrant and the land upon
which it is located with other warrants. Where-
as, under the amendment I submitted, which was
accepted by my friend from Kentucky, [Mr. Ma-
son,] an individual who locates a warrant vipon
these reserved sections of land can pay the differ-
ence between the price of the land and his war-
rant with cash. The objection I have, therefore,
to the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Taylor] is, that it will not allow individuals
locating upon reserved lands with land warrants
to pay the difference with cash, rather than other
land warrants.
Mr. TAYLOR. I do not think it has that
tendency. I will ask the Clerk to read the amend- j
ment. j
The Clerk read the amendment. !
The question was taken upon the amendment!
of Mr. Taylor, and it was rejected. i
The question was then put upon the amendment [
of Mr. MAbo.v, and it was adopted.
Mr. MASON. I mo\e that the committee rise 1
and report the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The motion to rise and \
report the bill cannot be received while members |i
have amendments to offer. !j
Mr. SCHOONMAKER moved to amend the 'j
first section by adding thereto the following, viz: !
11 And that all warrants for military bounty lands which
•! have been or may hereafter bfi issued under any Jaw ofthe
j| United States, and which shall not have been assigned,
ji pledged, mortgaged, or located, may be suriendered to the
j i United St.ifes by the original 'owner, or m case of his death,
11 by his widow, or next of kin, who may be legally entitled
j! to the same by delivering such warrant to the C'oinmi.-?-
;! sioner ol'Pensions of the United States, accompanied with
ij pioof.by affidavit, or otherwise, to the satisfaction of such
ji Commissioner, ofthe identity and title to the warrant of
the person claiming to make suchsuirender; and that such
! wan ant, or the lands or moneys to be realized therefrom,
; have not been and are not assigned, transferred, pledged,
I or inoitgaged to any peison or coipoiation, for any purpose
| whatever, and hath not been located And upon the sur-
j render being thus inade, the person so surrendeiing such
| wairant shall be paid out ofthe Treasury of the United
] States, from the proceeds of tlie pales of tbe public lands,
; the sum of one dollar and twenty five centa per acre for the
| number of acres specified in tlie wan ant so surrendered.
; Mr. S. said: This bill proposes to make land
warrants assignable, and to annul the provisions
contained in the original bill prohibiting their trans-
fer. That provision was originally inserted to
protect the soldiers from land speculators and bro-
kers, and to prevent the Government bounty from
inuring moie to the benefit of that class of opera-
tors than to the soldiers themselves. The object
and intent was good, but, unfortunately, the bounty
to be received lies upon our western borders, so
far distant from the soldiers of'the Eastern, Mid-
dle, and some of the Northern and Southern
States, that the expenses of a journey to locate or
visit the land, are nearly, if not quite equal to its
! cash value. Tlie warrant, therefore, to them is
worth but little, while to the citizen of the West
living in the vicinity of the land upon which he can
locate, its value is fully equal to that of the land.
This, consequently, produces a great disparity in
the operation of the bill upon the objects of its
bounty, which is in no respect ameliorated by
making the warrants assignable. For the practi-
! cal effect of that is to enable land brokers and spec-
j ulators to procure valid transfers, and legal titles
, to the warrants, at their own prices and for a mere
j trifle. Thereby, in truth and cfFect, the land broker
] and speculator becomes the recipient of the Gov-
' ernment bounty, and not the soldier,and thousands
upon thousands of acres of the public lands are
thus, under pretence of rewarding the defenders
of the country's rights and honor, squandered
upon brokers and speculators, whose patriotism
consists alone in amassing wealth for themselves.
This cannot be the intent of the framers of the
act, and it is our duty, if possible, to obviate the
difficulty.
Another difficulty incident to the bill in its pres-
ent shape, is connected with its ultimate injurious
influence upon the Western States and Teiritories.
Most of the warrants issued to the inhabitants of
the Eastern, Middle, and Southern States being
thrown into market, as a necessary consequence
will fall into the possession of land brokers and
speculators, and thus centralize in few hands.
Large tracts of land will then be entered and loca-
ted by such holders; the soil of almost entire
States and Territories will thereby fall into the
hands of a few, and such section of the country
will have entailed upon it the curse of a large
landed monopoly. We of the Noith have wit-
nessed the e^ils resulting from such a state of
things, and Iior one cannot conscientiously vote
to entail the same difficulties upon that or any
other section of the Union.
Are you, gentlemen of the West, sincerely desi-
rous of reducing the price of the western unoccu-
pied lands to actual settlers? If you are, then do
not throw, as you will by passing the bill in its
present shape, the mass of the warrants into spec-
ulators hands, and give them the control of nearly
all the present available lands, because you must
thereby inevitably, increase the price to "'meet the
fancy and cupidity of the holder, and no lands
will be in maiket at Government prices except
those beyond the large locations made under such
warrants. No law should be permitted to operate
thus unequally upon citizens it is designed to ben-
efit, nor so injuriously upon any section of the
country.
The amendment proposed by me will, I think,
in a great measure obviate the difficulty. It pro-
vides a fair equivalent from the Government,
which the soldier has the option to take, and thus
places a valuation upon the warrant, and prevents
the land speculator and broker from regulating its
value and monopolizing the market. ^It enables
the soldier of every section of the Union to receive,
