2258
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 19,
Mr. HOUSTON. I must insist upon going on
with the business of the House.
Mr. BAYLY. The gentleman, from Tennes-
see [Mr. Johnson] said I made no pointof_order.
I want-to show that I did make a jioint of order.
The Speaker decided that the motion of the gen-
tleman from Alabama was the question before the"
House. .
" The SPEAKER. That was the 4ecision of the
•Chair. " - ' * ..
Mr. BAYLY. "That is, the Chair deeided that
the French -"spoliation bill'had not been Kept alive
by the motion to commit. _ >
-The SPEAKER. The Chair made no such de-
cision. It is kept before the IJouse thus far, that
it is the first business in order in,its class of busi-
ness, and is not in order until you reach that class
of business. . ' "
Mr. BAYLY. Will the'Chair be good enough
to state what that fourth class of business is ?
Mr> HOUSTON. That is not Before the House,
unless a motion is made to take that bill up.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will further state,
that even though hia decision might be wrong in
regard to the particular position of that bill, it nev-
ertheless follows it could not be in order until
you go to the business upon the Speaker's table.
At any rate, there can be no question about the
decision of the Chair, so far as-it has" a bearing
upon this particular question.
Mr. WALSH. If a motion be made now and
carried, to proceed to the business upon the Speak-
er's table, will not the French spoliation bill be
the.firs't business in order?
The SPEAKER. It will Hot. . It will.be the
first business in order in its class.
Mr. WALSH. For the purpose of testing the
correctness of the decision of the Chair, I move to
proceed to the business upon the Speaker's table,
and upon that motion I call for the yeas and nays.
It has been universally understood all over this
House, that the French spoliation bill would be
the first business in order when we should get t®
the business upon the Speaker's table.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
the motion to go to the business on the Speaker's
table, and the motion made by the gentleman
from Alabama, are both privileged motions, and'
that the motion made by the gentleman from
Maryland [Mr. Walsh] must be first put to the
House.
Mr. HOUSTON. Let me ask the Chair a ques-
tion. Must not the motion first made be first
put?
The SPEAKER. The Chair had in his mind
the following rule:
" After one hour shall have been devoted to reports from
committees and resolutions, it shall lie m order, pending
the consideration or discussion thereof, to entertain a mo-
tion that the House do now pioceed to dispose of the busi-
ness on the Speaker's table, and to the orders of the day—
■which, being decided m the iiffiniatm', the Speaker shall
dispose of the business on his table m the following order,
via:" '
Another rule is: " That it shall be in order at any
time to go into the Committee' of the Whole on
the state of the Union." The rule first read, in the
' opinion of the Chair, refers only to a case where
a gentleman is occupying the floor, that it may
be taken from him by a motion to go to the busi-
ness upon the Speaker's table. In the opinion of
the Chair, the motion of the gentleman from Ala-
bama to go into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, having been first made,
must be first put.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. Upon that
motion I call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. FOWLER. I demand tellers upon the
yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Fowler, and
Full eit of Maine, weie appointed.
The House was divided, and the tellers reported
36 in the affirmative; which, being a sufficient num-
ber, the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HALL. I believe the vote about to be
taken involves the cjuestion whether we shall reach
the French spoliation bill or not. X desire, there-
fore, to say, that upon that question I have paired
off with Mr. McDonald.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Hous-
ton s motion, and it was decided in the negative
<—yeas 73, nays 91; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Beale, Bibighaus, Brag*
Albert G. Brown, Buell, Burrows, Joseph Cable Cald-
well, Lewis D. Campbell, Thompson Campbell, Cartter,
Chastain, Churchwell, Clingman, Cobb, Colcock, Cullom,
John G. Davis, Dawson, Dimmick, Dockery, Dunham,
Ea&tma'h,"Faulkner,Fitch, Floyd, Gaylord, Gentry, Ham-
ilton; .Haven', Hendricks* Hibbard, Horsfoid, Houston,
Howard, Thomas Y. H.ow,^Ives, Jenkins, Andrew John-
son, Robert W. Johnson, Dame! T. Jones, Preston King,
Kurtz, Martin, Mason,McCorkIe,McLanahan,.McQueen,
Molony, John Moore, Morehead, Murray, Orr, Andrew
Parker, Pennirnan,. Phelps, Price,-Robie, Ross, Scurry,
David Xj. Seymour, Skelton, Smith, Thaddeus Stevens,
Stratton, Stuart, Svyeetser, Thurston*, Watkins. Alexander
White, Wilcox, and Wildrick—73.-
. NAYS—Messrs. ,Cbnrles* Alien, Willis Allen, Allison,
William Appleton, Ash'e, Averett, Thomas H. Bayly,^Bar-
rere, Bennett, Bissell, Jio.cock; Bovyie, Bowne, John H.
Boyd, Breckinridge, Brenton, Briggs, Brooks, George H.
Brown, E. Cdrrington-Cabell, Caskie, Chandler,Chapman,-
Clark, Conger, Curtis", Dean, Disney, Doty, Edgerton. Ed-
mundson, Florence, Fowler, Henry M. Fuller, Thomas J.
D. Fuller, Gihnore; Goodenow,Goodrich, Hammond, Har-
-per, Sampson W. Harris, Haws,. Haseall,- Hebard, Henn,
Holladay, John W. Howe, Thomas M. Howe, Jngersoll,
Jackson, James Johnson, John Johnson, George G. King,
Kuhns, Loekhart, Mace, Mann, McMullm, Miller, Mill-
son, Miner, Henry D. Moore, Newton, Oltls, Outlaw, Sam-
uel W. Parker, Polk, Porter, Powell, Reed, Riddle, Rob-
bins, Scudder, Origen S. Seymour,Stanly, Benjamin Stan-
ton, Richard H. Stanton, Abraham P. Stephens, St. Mar-
tin, Strother, Sutherland, Taylor, Benjamin Thompson,
Tuck, Walbndge, Ward, Washburn, Welch, Wells, Addi-
son White, and Yates—91.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Pending1 the cull of die roll-—
Mr. DUNCAN stated, that as the decision of
the question now before the House had some bear-
ing upon the French spoliation bill, he hall paired
otf with an honorable gentleman.
- The'SPEAKER. The gentleman from North
Carolina [Mr. Stanly] is now entitled to the
floor, upon the report of the Committee on Print-
ing. .
Mr, STANTON, of Kentucky. I hope the
gentleman will proceed with his remarks.
Mr. STANLY. I move that it be postponed
until to-morrow.
Mr. STANTON. Upon that motion I call for
the yeas and nays.
Mr. HOLLADAY. I demand tellers upon the
yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Chandler,
and Johnson of Arkansas, wex*e appointed.
The House was then divided; and tellers re-
ported only 20 m the affirmative.
So the yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Stan-
ly's motion, and it was decided in the affirmative
—ayes 92, noes 52*
So the motion was agreed to.
Mr. WALSH moved to proceed to the busi-
ness on the Speaker's table.
Mr. HOUSTON, fs it in order to move to go
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union?
The SPEAKER. It will be in order if the
House refuse to go to the business on the Speak-
er's table.
The question was then put upon Mr. Walsh's
motion to proceed to the business on the Speaker's
table, and on a division there were—ayes 78, noes
66.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I demand tellers.
Mr. HAMILTON. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HAMILTON. I withdraw the call for
the yeas and nays.
[Loud shouts ot " No !" " No !"]
Mr. HIBBARD. I renew it.
The yeas and nays were again ordered.
The question was then taken, and there were—
yeas 91, cays G9; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Charles Allen, Willis Al-
len, Allison, Wm. Appleton, Baiicock, Thomas H. Bayly,
Barrere, Bennett, Bibighaus, Bissell, Bowie, Bowne, J. H.
Boyd, Brenton, Bnggs, Brooks, G. H. Brown, Burrows,
Caldwell, Chandler, Chapman, Claik, Cottmau, Disney,
Doty, Edgerton, Faulkner, Florence, Fowler, H««nry M.
Fuller, Thomas J. D. Fuller, GiJmore, "Goodenow, Good-
rich, Hammond, Haiper, Haws, Haseall, Hebard, flenn,
Horsford, John W. Howe, Thomas M. Howe, Thomas Y.
How, Jackson, John Johnson, George G. King, Kuhns,
Mace, Mann, Martin, McCorkle, Miller, Miner, Henry D.
Moore, Morehead, Newton, Olds., Outlaw, Samuel W.
Parker, Peaslee, Perkins, Porter, Price, Rtddle, Xlobbins,
Robie, Sackett, Scudder, David L. Seymoui, Origen S.
Seymour, Stanly, Benjamin Stanton, Abr'm P. Stephens,
Thaddeus Stevens, Stone, Strother, Stuart, Sutherland,
Taylor, Benjamin Thompson, Thurston, Tuck, Walbridge.
Walsh, Ward, Washburn, Welch, Wells, Addison White,
and Alexander White—91.
NAYS—Messrs. Ashe, Averett, Beale, Boeock, Bragg,
Albert G. Brown, Buell, Joseph Cable, Thompson Camp-
bell, Cartter, Caskie, Chastain, Cobb*, Colcock, Curtis,
John G. Davis, Dawson, Dean, Dimmick, Dunham, Ed-
munason, Fitch, Floyd", Gaylord; Gentry, Hamilton, Samp-
son, W. Harris, Haven, Hefldricks, Hifibard, Holladay,
Houston,-'Howard, IngersOll, lyes,.Andrew Johnson, Boh--
ert W. Johnson, George W. Jones, Preston Khig, Kurtz,
Loekhart, Mason, McLanahan, McCiueen, Miilson, Mo-
lony, John Moore, Murray, Orr, Andrew Parker, Penn,
Pennirnan, Pbelps, Polk, Ross, -Scurry, Skelton, Smith,
•Frederick P. Stanton, Riehard H. Stanton, St. Martin,
Straiton, Sweetser, Venable, Watkins, Wilcox, Wildrick,
and Woodward—69.
So the motion was agreed to. -
Mr. BOCOOK. I now move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of, the
Union. x ,
• MK POLK, £)n that motion I call for the yeas
and nays; and I do it because I understand that
the 'object of refusing to go into committee is, to
take up the French spoliation bill.
[Loud cries-of " Withdraw the call.7'] '
Mr. POLK. Well, sir, I withdraw it for the
present, - .
The question wa§ then put upon Mr. Bocock's
motion, and, on'a division of the House, there
were—ayes 76, noes 69.
Mr. CHANDLER called for tellers; which
were ordered; and Messrs. Chandler, and Stan-
ton of Tennessee, were appointed.
The question was put, and the tellers reported
—ayes 80, noes 72.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I demand the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
[A message was received from the Senate of the
United States, by the hands of Asbury Dickins,
Esq., its-Secretary.]
The question was then again put upon Mr-
Bocock's motion, and it was decided in the affirm-
ative—yeas 83, nays 80; as follows:
YEAS—Messis. Aiken, Willis Allen, Ashe, Averett,
Beale, Bocock, Bragg, Breckinridge, Albert G. Brown,
Buell, E. Carnngton Cabell, Joseph Cable, Caldwell,
Thompson Campbell, Cartter, Caskie, Oha&laiii, Church-
well, Clark, Chngman, Colcock, Conger, Cullom, John G.
Davis, Dawson, £)ean, Dimmick, Dunham, Duikee, East-
man, Edmundsou, Fitch, Floyd, Gamble, Gaylord, Green,
Hamilton, Sampson W. Harris, Haven, Hendricks, Hib-
bard, Holladay, Houston, Howard, Ives, Andrew Johnson,
Robert W. Johnson, Daniel T. Jones, George W. Jones,
Preston King, Kurtz, Landry, Loekhart, Mason, McCorkle,
Miilson, Molony, John Moore, Murphy, Murray, Orr, An-
drew Parker, Pennirnan, Phelps, Polk, Powell, Robie, Ross,
Scurry, Smith, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton,
St. Martin, Stratton, Stuart,.Sweetser, Thurston, Venable,
Wallace, Watkins, Wilcox, Wildrick, and Woodward—83.
NAYS—Messrs. Charles Allen, Allison, William Apple-
ton, Babcock, Thomas H. Bayly, Barrere, Bennett, Bissell,
Bowie, Bowne, John H. Boyd, Brenton, Briggs, Brooks,
George H. Brown, Burrows, Lewis D. Campbell, Chand-
ler, Chapman, Disney, Doty, Edgerton, Florence,-Fowler,
Hemy M. Fuller, Giimore, Goodenow, Goodrich, Ham-
mond, Harppr, Isham G Harris, Haws, Haseall,"Hebard,
Henn, Horsford, John W. Howe, Thomas M. Howe,
Thomas Y. How, Jngersoll, Jackson, John Johnson, George
G. King, Kuhns, Mann, Martin, Miller, Miner, Henry D.
Moore,Morehead, Newton, S.W. Parker, Peaslee, Perkins,
Porter Price, Reed, Riddle, Robbing, Schoonmaker, Scud-
der, Ddvid L. Seymour, Origin S. Seymour, Stanly, Ben-
jamin Stanton, Abraham P. Stephens, Thaddeus Stevens,
Stone, Strother, Sutherland, Taylor, Benjamin Thompson,
Tuck, Walbridge, Ward, Washburn, Welch, Wells, Ad-
dison White, Alexander White, and Yates—80.
So the motion was agreed to.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The rules were accordingly suspended, and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Ficklin in
the chair,) and resumed the consideration of the
naval appropriation bill.
The CHAIRMAN. When the committee
last rose, the gentleman from Michigan [Mr.
Stuart] had offered the following amendment:
And hereafter no appointment of midshipmen in the
Navy shall he made, unless recommended by the member
of Congress representing the district in whieh the applicant
resides, in the same manner that cadets at West Point are
now appointed.
The gentleman from Arkansas [Mr. Johnson]
had offered the following as a substitute for that
amendment, viz :
And hereafter in the appointment of midshipmen the
recommendations of members of Congress as to applications
from their respective districts shall be respected and ob-
served, in the same manner and to the same extent as is
now the practice in reference to cadets for West Point.
The gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Johnson]
offered the following as an amendment, to come in
at the end of the substitute, viz:
Provided, That the member of Congress making the
nomination, shall not nominate his own son or the son of
any other member.
The pending question is upon the amendment
