1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
483
can be examined there. It was printed and sent
here; yet now, forsooth, the gentleman from Illi-
nois comes here and charges the blunders m the
bill upon the unfortunate chairman of the com-
mittee, who, as the committee know, did his ut-
most to perfect it.
[Here the hammer fell,]
Mr. HEBARD. I desire to ask if it is in order
to ask for a division of the'question on the amend-
ment proposed by the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Dunham,] so that it shall first be taken upon
striking out?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois. I will ask to
have the amendment to the amendment read.
The CHAIRMAN. As the amendment to the
amendment is an unimportant one, the Chair will
suggest that the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Fitch] withdraw it.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I regard the amendment
as one of some importance.
Mr. KING, of New York. By a rule of the
House, the amendment cannot be withdrawn.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is aware that
it cannot be withdrawn except by unanimous
consent.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I object. I would inquire
if the question is not on the proposition to strike
out the whole of the second section ?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from In-
diana [Mr. Dunham] moves to strike out the whole
of the second section of the Senate bill, [as re-
ported above,] and to insert the second section of
the bill reported from the select committee m lieu
thereof; and his colleague [Mr. Fitch] moves
to strike out that portion of the second section of
the Senate bill, as follows, viz:
—'-where they have been transferred imdei the provisions
of aii> act of Congress, and the i emulations of the Genet al
Land Office; and to he paid out of the Treasurj of the
United States upon the adjustment of the accounts of such
ofhceis, where it shall be shown to the satiMaction ot the
Commissioner of the General Land Office that the wairant
was located by the soldier or warrantee, or his next of kin,
as provided for by law."
The question is now oil striking out the portion
of the section which has just been read.
The question was taken, and the amendment to
the amendment was agreed to.
Tile question then recurred upon striking out
the entire section of the Senate bill and inserting
the second section of the bill proposed by the se-
lect committee, as reported above.
Mr. BRENTON. I offer the following amend-
ment to the amendment. I move to strike out from
the section proposed to be inserted, the words " by
him located," and to insert in lieu thereof the
words " of forty acres, and $2 for each warrant
of one hundred and sixty acres." So that it will
provide that the registers and receivers shall be
entitled to receive fifty cents for each land war-
rant of forty acres, and $2 for each warrant of one
hundred and sixty acres which they may locate.
Mr. B. said: If the amendment of my colleague
[Mr. Dunham] should prevail, the amendment
which I have proposed to it must address itself at
once to the intelligence of every man in this com-
mittee. I hold that our laws should be equal, and
that we should not be called upon to pass laws
which do not place the poor man upon the same
equality with the rich man. What is the effect ot
the section as it now stands? It is that the man
who has been enabled to raise §50 and purchased a
land warrant shall be compelled to pay for the loca-
tion of his warrant as much as the man who has a
§200 warrant shall pay for locating his. I am not
prepared to sanction any such doctrine; and 1 am
satisfied that my colleague, when he looks at the
question, will not advocate his own amendment
without the insertion of such a provision as I have
indicated. Gentlemen will see at once that it re-
quires a mall who has his warrant for forty acres
to pay four times as much in proportion to its value,
as the man who has his one hundred and sixty
acre warrant. It says that the man with the one
hundred and sixty acre warrant shall pay fifty
cents, but I am opposed to compelling the poor
man, who,by his hard earnings, has been enabled
to purchase a warrant for forty acres, to pay a
similar sum. Now, 1 am for compelling the rich
man to pay the same for the privilege he enjoys,
as the poor man, and the amendment which I have
proposed will effect that purpose. It places them
upon precisely the same footing. One per cent,
upon the cash sale of forty acres will amount to
about fifty cents, and one per cent, for the cash
sale of one hundred and sixty acres will be about
$2. This amendment, therefore, places the pur-
chasers of the one hundred and sixty acre war-
rants, and the purchasers of forty acre warrants
upon the same footing.
I now desire to answer some of the objections
urged by my Colleague, [Mr. Dunham,] in refer-
ence to the expense which will be incurred in car-
rying out the provisions of this bill. I think I
shall be able to show that they will not amount to
anything like the extravagant sum which he indi-
cates. 1 am of the opinion that any calculations
which bring the expense above $100,000 are not
in accordance with the facts of the case. I stated
in my remarks on yesterday, that the pnee of
all these warrants was about $12,000,000. Now,
divide one per cent, of that amount between one
hundred and thirty-six men, and you will be en-
abled to ascertain what amount it would give to i
each individual for the five years past. Then from
that amount is to be deducted what the officers
have received after the law of 1848. I am not
prepared to say what is the precise amount, and I
have made calculations on the subject, but they
are not before me. I tlnnk, however, that the
whole percentage on the sum will amount to a
little over $100,000. Prom this is to be deducted
the receipts of these officers under the law of 1848,
so that it reduces, according to my calculation, to
less than $100,000.
Mr. DUNHAM. I think I understood my
colleague to say that the whole price of these war-
rants "was §12,000,000.
Mr. BRENTON. Certainly.
Mr. DUNHAM. And that two per cent, is
payable to the receivers and registers ?
Mr. BRENTON. Certainly—one per cent, to
each of these officers.
Mr. DUNHAM. Then I would like to know
how the gentleman can make the amount of per-
centage §100,000? It is jj240,000.
Mr. BRENTON. Well, I give the gentleman
the figures as they appear upon the report, and >
every gentleman can make lus calculations to suit ]
himself. ]
Mr. J. W. HOWE. My constituents are in- ,
terested in the passage of the first section; and I j
merely wish to say that 1 am in favor of passing j
it. It provides that land warrants shall be assign-
able. As to all the remainder of the bill I am op-
posed to it. I wish to make this remaik, that I
may appear fairly upon the record. I believe it
is expedient to pass a law that shall make land
warrants assignable, and my constituents require !
that I shall so vote; but to all the rest of the bill I [
am entiiely opposed.
As respects land officers not being compensated,
I will merely say to them, as 1 would to members
of Congress, If your compensation is not sufficient
you may resign. Whenever a Congressman finds
that his wages are not ample and sufficient he re-
signs his seat; and I suppose that a receiver or land ;
officer might do the same thing.
In regard to western lands, I would remark that;
I consider the northern, or the old onginal thirteen |
States, as having no interest, or lot, or part, in them, j
It is a westei n and local question altogether. I am
satisfied, from what I have seen m this House, and
from all past experience of legislation upon public
lands, that the old thirteen States can nevei get ;
enough of them to make a Pottersfield of— never
enough to bury their dead upon. The public
lands are gone, irrevocably gone, from the old
States. I am for making the best disposition of
them under the circumstances. I am not m favor
of giving bounty lands. I am for giving to every
actual settler, who will go and remain upon the
land, one hundred and sixty acres. I would this
day vote for giving every acre away in that manner.
I am entirely opposed to giving them to soulless
corporations, upon a promise that they will make
railroads or anything of that kind. They must go i
to the States to which they belong. 1 know that1
Pennsylvania can get none of them. I know the
old States can get none of them. I am in favor of i
giving them out in parcels to individuals who will :
go and occupy and husband the lands, and make
them valuable, and enhance the value of the prop- .
erty of the States to which they belong.
Mr. ALLISON. I ask my col league to correct
a word. He said he was willing to give the lands
to the States to which they belong. I know my col-
league did not mean to express himself in that way.
Mr. HOWE. I mean to give them to actual set-
tlers who will occupy them, in the States where
the lands are situated, and not to soulless corpo- >
rations,
Mr. ALLISON. So I supposed.
The question was then taken on the amendment
of Mr. Brenton to the amendment of Mr. Dun-
ham, and it was lost.
The question then recurring upon the amend-
ment of Mr. Dunham.—
Mr. BISSELL said: I desire to have the second
section of the Senate bill read as now amended.
The second section as amended was read.
Mr. SACKETT. I propose to amend the sec-
ond section of the Senate bill by striking out the
words " the same compensation or percentage to
' which they are entitled by law for sales of the
* public lands for cash, at the rate of $1 25 per
1 acre, the said compensation to be hereafter paid
' by the assignees or holders of such warrants
' where they have bee!? transferred under the .pro-
' visions of an act of Congress, and the regulations
' of the General Land Office," and insert " eighty
cents," and after the word "paid"in the thirteenth
line, insert" in all cases where a warrant has been
assigned, and in all other cases to be paid."
The CHAIRMAN. A portion of the section to
which the amendment refers, has already been
striken out.
Mr. SACKETT. I will then modify the
amendment, so that the effect of it will be to strike
out all that part of the section whitji is based upon
the idea of giving compensation to registers and
receivers, and insert instead thereof the words
eighty cents. I am in favor of giving a specific
compensation for the location of land warrants,
and the sum I propose is eighty cents. There
seems to be an opinion on the part of a large por-
tion of the House that this compensation, by way
of percentage, is too high, and that it amounts in
the case of a one hundred anij. sixty acre warrant,
to §2, and in the case of eighty acres, to #1, paid
to the registers and receivers, which, in my judg-
ment, is too high a compensation. It is for the
simple reason that I do not suppose that the gen-
eral law specifies a higher compensation than is
proper, but yet that, in case of these land warrants
which are generally located in parcels, and large
numbers by individuals, speculators, and agents,
the compensation should not be as much as for
locating an individual purchase niadt? for cash,
that I have offered this compromise price of eighty
cents for locating these wairants.
My other proposition, if I may be permitted to
allude to it, was made m Older that the soldiers
themselves might have their warrants located, and
the compensation therefor be paid outof tlieTreas-
ury, but that m case the warrants reached the hands
of an assignee, the compensation should be paid by
the holder. That was the intention. I have no
idea that these receivers should do the business for
nothing; and certainly a few of the receivers
should not be required to do all the business of
our public lands during the tune these warrants
are locating; for substantially these warrants in-
creases the business of the public land offices, and
therefoie I think a proper compensation should be
awarded to the receivers under such circumstances.
I think eighty cents is not far out of the way\
i Mr. BISS'ELL. The second section of the
Senate bill, as now amended, provides that in all
cases where locations are hereafter made, two per
j cent, shall be paid by the person holding the war-
j rant, whether he be'the assignee or the original
I holder. I think that is right. I think that the
' holder of the warrant, whoever hemay be, whether
[ he is the old soldier or the old soldier's assignee,
should be willing, and I know they are willing in
every instance, to pay whatever is fair and rea-
sonable for locating their warrants. It is not too
much to ask of any man. if you give him one
hundred and sixty or forty acres of land, that in
the one case he shall pay S,2, and in the other fifty
cents for making out his papers. _ It is not unrea-
sonable, and no one will complain of it.
Mr. AVERETT, (interrupting.) I understand
that in order for any one to get the floor he must
have an amendment to offer or he must speak in _
opposition. .
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Illi-
nois is speaking to an amendment.
Mr. BISSELL. I am speaking to an amend-
ment,, and I am m favor of this second section ot
the Senate bill as it now stands. It requires, m
