484
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 5,
all cases, that the holder of a warrant, whether he
be the assignee or the soldier himself, shall pay for
" locating the land; and shall pay precisely as much,
and no more, than is paid when the location is
made with cash. If I take two hundred dollars in
gold to the land office and propose to enter one
hundred and sixty acres of land, two dollars of
that two hundred goes to compensate the register
&nd receiver.
Mr. SACKETT, (interrupting^) "Will the gen-
tleman answer me a question, The phraseology
of the bill is, "the same compensation or percent-
age;" I wish to know if there is any other com-
pensation besides percentage?
Mr. BISSELL, None whatever; that is mere
verbiage. If I take two hundred dollars in gold
to a land office to enter one hundred and sixty
acres, two dollars of that gold, as I before said, go
to pay the register and receiver. Under this sec-
tion as "now amended, if I t#ke a one hundred and
sixty acre warrant I pay the same, whereas in
fact the labor of the register and receiver is, in this
latter case, more than four times as great as when
an entry is made with cash.
Mr. DUNHAM. I should like to ask the gen-
tleman a question for information. Where the
entry is made in cash does the man who makes
the entry have to pay it ?
Mr. BISSELL. I did not say so at all. I said
that of the two hundred dollars two dollars go to
the register and receiver—of course out of Jthe
Treasury of tlte United States. But under this
section, when the holder of a warrant enters his
land, he must, us he ought to do—the land being
given to him—pay that little pittance. Who can
object to tlxnt Senate bill now? It takes no money
out of the Treasury, and only requires a man to
whom you have given one hundred and sixty acres
of land to pay two dollars for its location. Who
can object to it? Who will have it struck out for
this much less intelligible amendment proposed by
the gentleman from Indiana? [Mr. Dunham.]
This i« a simple, plain, straightforward matter.
I hope the'second section, as now amended, and
that does not tyke a dollar from the Treasury, but
only requires the holder of a warrant to pay as
much na would be paid to the register and receiver
if the entry was made in cash, will remain as it is,
and flint Jt will become a part of the law.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment offered by Mr. Sackett, and it was dis-
agreed to.
Mr. AVERETT. Is it in order to strike out
all of the pecond sectionJ
The CHAIRMAN. A motion is pending to
strike out all after the first section, and also to
strike out the second section.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I offer the
follow proviso to the second section, as it now
stands:
ProriJvl, That no fws hhall be charged where tlie war-
innt was located by the 01 initial wariantfu.
Mr. M. I cunceue the second section to be as
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Dispell] under-
stands it, that it will require the soldier to pay to
the registers and receivers two per cent, on the
Hmount of his warrant, and to that I am opposed,
because the bounty land law was based upon the
idea that it was a gratuity upon the part of the
Government to the men who had rendered military
sen ice; and I am unwilling to change the princi-
ple of the law, so as to charge the soldier where he
make the entry, with any fee at ail. I would
r-equire of the registeis and receivers gratuitous
services, at all events, where this class of persons
locate warrants. I am fully aware that it may be
replied to this, that the speculator will charge upon
the market value of the warrant whatever lie mny
be lequired to pay in the Land Office, that that is
an evil which unavoidably accompanies the sub-
ject, which may depress the value of the warrant,
and which will, at all events, operate as a sort of
tax upon the assignability of land warrants. I
am opposed to the principle of the amendment
which is attempted to be inserted here by our own
committee, and prefer the basis of percentage as a
compensation, rather than a fixed amount, for the
location of land warrants, for the simple reason,
that as you fix the basis of compensation accord-
ing to the warrant, it operates to the depreciation
in market ot the forty acre warrant most, the
eighty acie warrant next, and the one hundred and
sixty acie warrant last,and therefore operates the
largest tax upon the smallest warrant. The man
having a warrant for the least number of acres
will be taxed the most. If I go into market to buy
land warrants,! will prefer bne of one hundred and
sixty acres to forty acre warrants; and why?
Because I would have to pay only one fourth the
tax in locating a one hundred and sixty acre war-
rant, that I would have to pay foi*, the forty acre
warrants.
Mr. BISSELL. Not at all. Under this section,
to locate a forty acre warrant you pay fifty cents,
to locate an eighty acre warrant yon pay |l, and
to locate a one hundred and sixty acre warrant
you pay $2.
Mr. MARSHALL. That is the percentage.
I am expressing my opposition to the provision of
the House bill, which proposes to fix the compen-
sation for locating warrants at a specific sum. I
have not much to say, and I will not trouble the
House by entering into the discussion. This
matter has got now to about the point where I
expected it would get when we referred it to a se-
lect committee. I think we were then a little
further advanced than now. I am now expressing
my opposition to the matter which it is intended
hereafter to be inserted. It is as follows:
Sec. 2. Jlml be it further cnacted, That from and after
the pn.-sri;;c of this act, the registers and receiver* *>f tlee
United States land offices shall each be entitled to receive
fifty eonts for his services, in locating each bounty land war-
rant by him located, to be paid by the person ©r persons lo-
cating the same.
That is, no matter whether it is a forty, eighty,
or one hundred and sixty acre warrant, they will
charge fifty cents upon each. This will depreciate?
the small warrants and appreciate the large ones.
Mr. EVANS. I intend to oppose the proposi-
tion, and in doing so, to make some remarks m
reference to the extent of land warrants, to winch
I beg leave to call the attention of the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Brevton.] It wtvs stated by
the gentleman, and assented to by lus colleague,
that $12,000,000 would cover the entire issue of
land warrants. Well, that may be so. But a cer-
tain official report makes a different, statement; I
do not propose to decide where doctors disagree,
nor to determine between gentlemen equally well
informed, but I will ask tjie committee to under-
take that task after hearing what I am about to i
read. J hold in my hand an official document of this
Government—Executive document, No. 11, the
report of the Secretary of the Treasury, at the sec-
ond session of the 31st Congress. There is a state-
ment appended to this report—statement K—to
which I would ask the attention of the gentleman
from Indiana, whose account I do not gainsay.
The Secretary says, " Statement K, appended to
' this report, shows the number of warrants located
1 by the acts to which reference has been made, and
' the number yet to be located, as estimated from
' the pay rolls and other evidences on file, with the
' quantity of lands in acres required to satisfy them.
' The quantity of lands sold and taken from mar-
' ket by virtue of these warrants, for the years
' 1847, 1848, 1849, is 14,727,742.40 acres (aver-
' aging 4,909,247.46 acres per annum,) valued at
1 $18,!)11,134.76, (averaging $6,303,711,58 per an-
' num.)
" The warrants yet, to be presented under these
1 acts will require 78,922,513 acres, valued at $98,-
' 653,140. At the above average of 4,909,247.46
' acres per annum over sixteen years will be re-
' quired to absorb and satisfy the warrants yet to
' be issued, as estimated under the several bounty
' land acts now in force.
" There will then be diverted from the Treas-
'' ury, from the sale of lands, the sum of ^113,245,-
'896."
Now from this $113,245,896 is to be deducted
§25,981,671, the value of the swamp lands granted
to the State of Louisiana; $133,600, the value of
lands granted to colleges, salines,&c.; and §2,450,-
314, granted for internal improvements and Choc-
taw certificates; which would leave $80,888,021,
the value of lands granted under the several boun-
ty land acts. The Secretary says expressly that
he has based his computation upon the pay-rolls
and upon the number of warrants likely to be
brought in—not upon the whole number of soldiers
that ever served, but upon those granted to sol-
diers still living, and the widows and minor chil-
dren of soldiers who are dead, and those that it is
probable will come in. It is not a vague and wild
estimate. I would like to know—but not in the
limit of my speech, as gentlemen will afterwards
have an opportunity of replying-—where the twelve
millions of dollars came from as the amount upon
which the percentage was asked;- and I would like
to know how the Secretary of the Treasury made
a mistake of §80,888,021. I want to know whether
$12,000,000 or $80,000,000 is the correct estimate,
and I want to know what it will take, at two per
cent,, if it is $68,000,000, to pay the registers ant!
receivers,
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BRENTON. 1 move to strike from the
amendment the words "original warrantee." 1
make this motion for the purpose of settingmyself
right. In the first place, I would inquire of the
gentleman from Maryland where he obtained the
estimate he hag given the committee?
Mr. EVANS. From the report of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury at the second session of the
Thirty-first Congress, ExecutivedocumentNo. 21.
I will send it to the gentleman.
Mr. BRENTON. I was fully aware of the
statement read from that documentr but he has
misconceived the point which I made. The ques-
tion is, what amount will be necessary to pay the
claims of registers and receivers at the land offices
prior to the 3d March, 1849, and for warrants lo-
cated up to the close of the third quarter of 1851.
My estimate is upon sales previous to that time?
leaving out of consideration the warrants located
subsequently, and yet to be located.
Mr. EVANS. Mine embraced all.
Mr. BRENTON. No gentleman can success-
fully controvert my position who will look at th©
facts as I presented them. The question is, what
will it take to pay for services heretofore rendered
by those turned out of office by the present Admin-
istration, and for warrants located up to the time
I specified r The report is just as I stated it in my
remarks on yesterday—the annual cash value of
lands located by warrants up to the third quar-
ter of 1851. That was the amount of lands actu-
ally disposed of. To take the warrants which
have been issued, and all that are to be issued, has
not entered into my calculation at all. I took sim-
ply the estimate in the Commissioner's report of
actual locations up to a given time, and not of
those in circulation.
Mr. EVANS. I understand the gentleman. I
took the whole number, the gentleman only takes
a part.
Mr. BRENTON. I fixed a certain time, and
confined my estimate of the l^nds actually located
within that time, and riot of those which have and
may be issued under the provisions of law. 1 am
aware the vast amount of warrants authorized to
be issued will exhaiist millions and millions of
acres of public domain. I am satisfied of that.
My argument was to show the amount of money
that would be drawn from the Treasury as com-
pensation for the services already rendered by the-
registers and receivers, i still stand by all the
facts I have stated.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I only wish
to say a word in reply to the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Marshall.] As this second section
of the Senate bill now stands, the price to be paid
to the registers and receivers is one and a quarter
per cent, per acre. The gentleman from Indiana
moves to insert fifty cents for each warrant. One
per cent, upon the value of forty acres is fifty cents.
So there is little difference between the section, as
it now stands amended, and the amendment of the
gentleman from Indiana.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. One per cent, upon
the whole amount.
Mr. STEPHENS. There is very little differ-
ence between them; and so far as I am concerned
it is wholly immaterial whether the motion fails
or is agreed to. 1 think the gentleman from Ken-
tucky was mistaken in supposing that it would
depreciate the forty acre warrants. I am opposed
to paying them anything, and shall vote with the
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] to strike
out the whole section.
The question was then taken on the amendment
to the amendment, and it was disagreed to.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Mar-
shall's amendment, and it was rejected.
Mr. DUNHAM. 1 move, fro forma, to amend
the second section of the bill, by reducing the
proposed pay one half.
I wish particularly to state a few facts to this
committee, and then I have done with this part of
the subject. It strikes me that these men are gen-
