2260
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 19,
The question was then taken, and the tellers re-
ported—-ayes 75, noes 66*."
So the amendment was agreed to. • *
Mr, TAYLOR offered the following amend-
ment: • ,.- *
After the word ie resides," insert <ratthe time erf .the ap-
plication," so that the amendment would read :
tk And hereafter, no appointment, of midshtpfrian in the
Navy, or pupil at any Naval School, shall -be made unless
recommended by the mo-mber of Congress representing .the
district iiTwhich the applicant^ resid.es at the time of the
application, in the same manner that cadets at West Point
are now appointed," &c.
Mr. said: My principal .object in offering this
amendment is to bring to the notice-of the com-
mittee a vVy important provision in the law-of
1850, introduced by the distinguished-gentleman
from New Hampshire, [Mr. Peaslee,] who I do
not now see m his seat, and which-I now send-to
the Clerks I ask that it'may Be read, because it
ought to be known- to'th.is committee"and to the
country, atfd I therefore take this method of call-
ing .their attention" to it;
The provision of law referred to," was read, as
follows:
" And that no midshipman in the Navyshall be appointed
from any Congressional district, having at rhe time of ap-
pointment more than two offreers of thatgr'ade in the Nav.y
from such district; and whenever an appointment shall he
made from any Stale, the person so appointed shall be an
actual resident of the Congressional district from which the
appmntment purports to be made: Jind provided further,
That such Congressional district of any State, as may not
have any midshipman in the Navy at the time an appoint-
ment may be made from said State, shall he entitled to at
least one appointment before any other shall be made from
arry district of the State having one or moi;e officers of that
grade in theNavy."
Mr. T. That is a very important provision in
the law now existing. I desired to submit it yes-
terday, when my friend from North Carolina was
speaking. He refused, however, to give way. I
have no doubt he would have given way, had he
known my object. It is a'provision of law to
which I think the country is greatly indebted to the
gentleman from New Hampshire, [Mr. Peaslee.]
Why ?. Because it equalizes in some degree this
freat patronage of the General Government. Sir,
regard it as a great privilege to have'a young
man sent to the West Point Academy; or to the
Naval School at Annapolis, to be educated at the
public expense* and placed in the Army or Navy
for life in a most respectable position. But I say
to you, and I say to the committee, it is highly
desirable that this great-boon of the Government
shall be equally distributed, because we all pay
equally to keep up these institutions.
Now, sir, what is the fact5 Why, many of
the States of this Union have had little or no share
at all in these privileges of the Government. T-he
great State of Ohio, which I in part represent,
with a population of 2,000,000, a few years ago
had not any midshipmen in the Navy, and now has
very few officers in that branch of the public service.
I will say to you, Mr. Chairman, and. to this
committee, that at this very moment five or six
districts represented by gentlemen upon this floor
from that State, have no midshipmen at Annapo-
lis. My friend from Arkansas, in his zeal and
industry to represent the State which he does so
admirably upon this floor, manifests a great anx
iety that Arkansas should have her representative
at Annapolis, though if I mistake notshe.hastwo
midshipmen already, although that State forms
but one Congressional district. But, as I said
before, there are five of the Congressional dis-
tricts in the State of Ohio, not one of which has^a
midshipman. My object, and the effect of- this
amendment, as 1 understand it, is to equalize this
favor of the Government among all the Congres-
sional districts in the United States.
When I had the honor to address the committee
yesterday, I fear I was not understood in regard
to some of the remarks which I submitted in re-
lation to the Navy, and I now wish to make one
or two observations in relation to that subject.
These reforms which I desire to see introduced
into the Navy are not with a view of breaking
down that branch of the public service. I do not
wish to be understood as desiring to break down
the Navy; on the contrary, I -wish to strengthen it
by proper reforms, and every good improvement.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. 1 understand
the gentleman to say there are midshipmen from
Arkansas in the Naval School.
Mr. TAYLOR. _ I am not positive of the fact,
but I have been so informed.
Mr. JOHNSON: Will the gentleman be kind
enough to inform me who they are?
Mr. TAYLOR., I.do not.know who they are,
nor do I know whether there are any there, but I
will state to thegentleman how I got my informa-
tion. With a view to serve my own district, which
ha.d not a-midshipman for many years, I called on
the Department this morning, and m the course of
conversation with the Chief Clerk, ! remarked that
l'belteved Arkansas had no midshipman: I was
responded" tp, that she had two midshipmen.
Mr. JOHNSON.- They kno'w she has none,
though there were socpe one or two put. in tinder
her name, and that iVthe very complaint we make.
Mr. TAYLOR. - The /district represented by
my colleague-[Mr. Olds1] has no midshipman, and
-thereare lour others similarly situated in my State.
But apart from this, I desire to say, in relation to
the Navy, that I wish "we had time at this session
to hear the report from the distinguished gentle-
man from Tennessee, [Mr. Stanton,] whose fa-
miliarity with the naval affairs of the country, by'
his industry and attention to them, does him credit.
I desire, also, if we had the time, to hear in relation
to the Army and the other branches of the public
serviced I desire to see the recommendations of
the late Secretayy of the Navy, Mr. Graham,
adopted; and I believe a just regard to the good of
the service- demands that we should at once au-
thorize a retirecf list, modify the rank, by author-
izing the title of admiral of the Navy, as in other
countries, and proyide for the gradual but certain
improvements m service and discipline} which our
most experienced and capable.naval officers, can
show to be necessary to'promote the efficiency of
the Navy.
Mr. STANTON, of,Tennessee.' Mr. Chair-
man, I will say that one of the reforms I desire to
make in theNavy, is to reduce the number "of mid-
shipmen one half, so as to give to each member the
appointment of a single midshipman; and I think
that is just about as much as the service requires
to fill out .the vacancies occurring annually. As it
is now, the lower ranks in the Navy-areso crowded
that a young man who enters that service at this
time, cannot expect to be a captain in less than
one hundred years.
Mr. TAYLOR. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Tennessee, [Mr. Stanton,] if it is in con-
templation of the Committee on Naval Affairs to
report a plan for a retired list, and establishing
the rank of admirals in theNavy? I desire to see
it done.
Mr. STANTON. W6 have a bill to report, to
accomplish that object.
Mr. SWEETSER. My object in rising is to
make an explanation for a friend who is absent.
Allusion has been made by the honorable gentle-
man from Tennessee, [Mr. Johnson,] to Mr.
Sawyer, who was a member of the Twenty-ninth
and Thirtieth. Congresses; and I must say to my
friend, [Mr. Johnson,] that he is entirely mis-
taken in charging-thatgentleman with being guilty
of a violation of the law, and that he made the
appointment of his own son to West Point.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I do not want
the gentleman tomakea position for me, and then
put words into my mouth in connection with that
position. I do not assume that Mr. Sawyer viola-
ted any law, nor did I assume that lie directly pro-
cured the appointment of his son. I stated that
there were members of Congress, whose sons were
appointed to these institutions, and we all know
how these things can be done.
Mr. SWEETSER. The gentleman made a
charge to the gentleman from Arkansas, [Mr.
Johnson,] that a gentleman from Ohio had been
guilty of this indiscretion, to say the least of it. I
asked him to name the gentleman. He named
Mr. Sawyer. Now', his whole argument and his
whole position was that there might be—and I
inferred he intended to say there had been— a
transfer from one district to another, of the ap-.
pointment, by one member, of the son of another.
Now, sir, Mr. Sawyer, if he appointed his own
i son—and whether it is-.so or not, I do not know—
his son was a resident of the district, and he had
a ris;ht by law to appoint him.
Mr. JOHNSON. Was not Mr. Sawyer a mem-
ber of Congress?
Mr. SWEETSER. He was, certainly.
Mr. JOHNSON. Ahd while he was a mem-
ber of Congress, was not his son appointed to the
school at Annapolis ?
Mr. SWEETSER. * I do not know; I am told
that it is so. That fact, however, does not bring
the case within the purview ofthe gentleman's ar-
gument in relation to the transfer of sons of mem-
. bers of Congress, because his son 'was a resident
of the (^strict for which he was appointed.
Mr, JOHN W. HOWE. I call she gentlemen
to order. • ,
Mr", SWEETSER. I have been just informed
that the appointment was made by General C£ssy-
and without the knowledge of Mr. Sawyer.
The question was "then taken on the amendment
to the amendment; and it,was not agreed to.
Mr. HAYEN. I move to amend the amend-
ment ofthe gentleman from Michigan, [Mr. Stu-
art,] by striking out the words<e midshipman or57
before the word " pupil."
I know the House i&d'esirous of getting along
with this business,-b.ut there is a view of this ori-
ginal-amendment to which I desire to call attention,
and which I think forbids its adoption.
If a midshipman is an officer, then I submit that
Congress has no constitutional right to control the
appointment of such officer, except by vesting it
" in the President, in the head of a Department, or
in the courts of law." If he is not an officer t then
I agree that this original amendment proposes
proper and constitutional legislation, and such as
I am much in .favor of myself.
Section second of the second article of the Con-
stitution provides—
"That the President shall have power, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, to make treaties, pro-
vided two thirds of the Senators present concur? and he
shall nominate, and by and with the advice and comment of
the Senate, shall appoint embassadors, other public minis-
ters and crinsul«i, judges of the Supreme Court, ami all other
officers of the United States, whose appointments are no!
herein otherwise provided lor, and which shall be estab-
lished by law."
Now, sir, is the appointment of midshipmen, in
the language I have read from the Constitution,
"otherwise provided for" in that Constitution?
I cannot find that it is. Again, is' the office of
midshipmen "established by law?" It was ant
office known in the British Navy whilst these
States were colonies, and is recognized in various
ways,, and regulated by'acts of Congress; and
miushipmen are in various acts of Congress recog-
nized as such, called officers, and in some instances
are, by statute, now entitled to the pay, as such
officers, of- lieutenants and captains. I do not
know whether they hold regular commissions, or
only warrants; but I think -it clear the office is
recognized and " established by law/' '
There is a still further provision in" this section
of the Constitution, and which, with what I have
before read, includes all the provisions of the Con-
stitution on this subject. I read it:
c< But Congress may, by law, vest the appointment of
such inferior officers as they think proper  n the President
alone, m the courts of law* or m the heads of Depart-
ments."
Now, sir, I submit, that if midshipmen are <0',,
cm, their appointment belongs, to" the President
and Senate, under the provisions of the Constitu-
tion I first read; and if not to them, then Con-
gress has no.power to vest it anywhere except in
the "President alone, in the courts of law, or in
the hSads of Departments, "• I suppose Congress
has vested it in the head of the Navy Department,
as it was within its competency to uo; but it cer-
tainly is .not within its competency to vest it in
members of Congress. It can only vest it in one
of the three places the Constitution names. And
the original amendment, so far as it proposes to
vest such a power of appointment in members of
Congress, or to allow members to restrict the dis-
cretion of the proper appointing power, is, in my
judgment, in derogation of the Constitution.
Mr. VENABLE, The very statement which
the gentleman has just read from the Constitution
relieves us at once from the difficulty which he
seems to have discovered; for, if Congress can
direct the appointment to be made by the Presi-
dent, or by courts of law, or by the heads of De-
partments, it can direct the manner in which that
appointment shall be made, and in the very same
way can designate the preliminaries which shall
take place before those appointments are made.
Now, sir, the reason why I have desired all
along that Congress should take some steps, so
as to indicate how these appointments should be
made, and prevent complaint and procure impar-
tiality in their distribution, was, that we should
