1396
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 19,
report the bill, what evidence has he other than
the recommendation of the Delegate—whose opin-
ion would go a great length with me—that the
construction of this road is necessary in a military
point of view? A presume none. We are with-
out information. W? are giving to the Secretary
of War, for his superintendence, the construction
of roads for which he has not asked, and which
he does not state are at all necessary. We have
no report from him as evidence of a necessity for
the construction of these roads. The Delegate
here, in the discharge of his duties as a represent-
ative of the interests of the people of Oregon Terri-
tory proposed the construction of these roads in
a bill which was introduced by himself, referred
to a committee, by whom it was formally reported
back.
Mr. ROBINSON. I regret that I was not pres-
ent when the gentleman from Alabama alluded
to me, and I would beg .that he repeat his allu-
sion, ihat I may, if necessary, make a reply.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not know that 1 made
allusion to the gentleman. The only allusion
which could possibly be construed as bearing upon
him, if he reported the bill, was my statement,
that I presumed the gentleman reporting this bill
had no survey, no estimate, no evidence that these
roads were needed for military purposes, except-
ing the recommendation of the Delegate from Ore-
gon, [Mr. Lane.]
Mr. ROBINSON. It is very true that the Com-
mittee on Roads and Canals had no estimates from
the War Department in reference to these roads. 1
They had no information upon the subject further j
than their own general knowledge of the wants of j
that Territory with regard to roadj, and the repre- j
sentation of the Delegate from that Territory—a '
representation,allow me to sav, in which the com- ;
mittee placed the most implicit confidence, and .
upon which they would act with as much judg-
ment and satisfaction as if they had had a dozen
estimates from the Secretary of War. ,
This, if 1 understand it, is the lirst appropri- ;
ation ever asked for that immense Territory—an
appropriation of but §50,000, ami comprehending j
three or four different, roads. They thought it 1
was not an extravagant demand upon Congress, i
They thought it, in fact, but a very moderate one, j
looking to the precedents which they have had
before them in reference to appropriations for other
Territories—Minnesota, for instance, the last year,
and other Territories, from the commencement of
the Government down to the present time. I am
astonished that the gentleman from Alabama [Mr. ■
Houston] should raise the objections he has, and
that he should desire that Territoiy to wait the
action of the War Department iu sending out a
corps of engineers to explore that country, who,
J undertake to say, and believe, would know far ;
less about the wants of the Territory, and where :
these roads should be located, than the Delegate
from that Territory, who has traveled over it so ,
much, and who represents that people. This is j
ail 1 have to say upon the subject. I believe the .
committee were unanimous upon the subject,and !
no! a solitary objection was made. 1
Mr. BROOKS. My object in calling the atten- \
tion of the House to this appropriation was not :
so much to throw any obstacle iu the way as to ,
ha\e an understanding of what we are about. I i
have no doubt that the Delegate from Oregon [Mr. ;
Lvrai] is as well qualified to speak upon this sub- i
je^t as anybody could be, and perhaps better; but .
it is necessary, and desirable, if the House are to •
vote the appropriation, to understand that we vote ,
ii upon the authority of the Delegate from Oregon
—on his authoiity alone—and that we ourselves, j
or the committee who report it, know nothing of i
the matter, except what comes from the Delegate 1
from Oregon. If the House has that sort of con- j
fidence, and I am not indisposed to share it with '
them, let the responsibility go to the proper quar-
ter, and let the appropriation be considered as '
cominjr from that quarter, and no other. I wish I
however, to invoke the attention of the House to '
this deviation fiom the ordinary mode of proce- 1
dure: tluit is, following out the estimates from 1
the Departments before we launch forth in appio- '
priauons forroads, especiallyin distantTerritories. 1
There is no r-prtainty that the Delegate from Or-
egon can fell the House that the #50,000 in this
biil w;H begin to make the loads furwhichheasks
appropriations, because he has had no survey of
the routes—no rsconnois$d7U&. even. Indeed, he
knows nothing of them but from general observa-
tion. He has had no calculation submitted to
him, no estimates from engineers or other topo-
graphical officers; and I venture to say, that the
§50,000 appropriated in this bill, and intended for
these roads, are but the beginning of a quarter cf a
million which must follow hereafter to complete
them. The roads being established by a law in
this bill, further appropriations can be inserted in
another appropriation bill hereafter, all in proper
order. It is well enough, then, for the country to
understand that this is a new mode of doing busi-
ness here, which the Delegate has introduced.
For myself, I have never been able to see the dif-
ference between internal improvements for aTerri-
tory and internal improvements for a State. I
know that there is an attempted metaphysical dif-
ference which some persons assume, but in point
of fact, the money goes from a common Treasury
for both Territories and States to make like roads
in both, and they amount to the same thing in
substance and in principle, I think. If these be
mere military roads, the War Department ought
to ask for them, if they ought to be made; ana if
they be appropriations for internal improvements
m Oregon, the Committee on Commerce ought to
investigate them, and if a proper object, insert
them in their general bill.
Mr. HOUSTON. I supposed that *he gentle-
man from New York, when he interrupted me,
desired to make a mere explanation. 1 do not
exactly approve of the plan of this making a speech
in the way of explanation.
Mr. BROOKS. 1 have concluded the remarks
which I intended to make. My object was to
have an understanding upon the subject, so that
we may know how much money is to be paid,
from what authority it romps, and who is to be
held responsible. These facts the debate has eli-
cited.
Mr. HOUSTON. We have seen already one
of the evil consequences of this mode of procedure.
There is the gentleman from New York [Mr.
D hooks] who, upon a former occasion, as I thought
then and 1 believe now, very impioperly endeav-
ored to shift the responsibility from his friends in
power, gives us notice in time now, that these ap-
piopriaiions are not to be charged in that quarter.
In this instance 1 agree with him. The gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Robinson) has fallen into a
very great error, when he undertakes to say that
the judgment of the Delegate from that Territory
is to be relied upon as accurately, or more so, than
a survey from the War Department. I am not
asking specially for an estimate to close the neces-
' sary survey. All I desire is, that we shall have a
j survey; that there shall be a survey, before we are
; called upon to make an appropriation of this sort,
j Does the gentleman who reported these, tell us
| that the appropriations will complete these roads?
| Have we any evidence how much they will cost?
| Mr. LANE. If the gentleman will allow me,
| I will explain. The gentleman from Alabama
• [Mr. Houston] seems to be anxious to defeat the
appropriations for these roads, for reasons which
; no doubt are veiy satisfactory to himself. But if
he could be placed in Oregon upon some peak of the
| Cascade range of mountains, and look over the
; country, he would see the absolute necessity which
; exists for small appropriations, for thp purpose of
! making it possible for the people of that country
; to pass over these mountains, and for the conveni-
I ence of our military posts. It is necessary that
| these roads should be made in both points of view,
I for military purposes, and for the convenience of
our people. If that gentleman could see the emi-
. gration passing over these mountains, and see
! thousands of families with their teams broken
, down, and mountains before them which they
I cannot cross, without the sacrifice of a large por-
} tion of their property, he might comprehend the
: necessity of this small appropriation for the pur-
! pose of making it possible for these emigrants to
j pass over that district of country, without this
; unnecessary sacrifice of their property. It is
| practicable to make a good road from Fort Walla-
I Walla to Fort Stilacoom, and for this purpose we
, esk the appropriation of $20,000.
! Mr. B1SSELL. How many miles is it from
Fort Walla-Walla to Fort Stilacoom?
!; Mr. LANE. One hundred and fifty miles that
;! should be opened, so as to make it possible for
j emigrants who desire to settle around Puget's
;i Sound to pass over that district ©f aountry and
terminate their journey at Puget's Sound. As the
roads are now, emigrants are compelled to travel
to Oregon City or Portland,and then two hundred
miles from these places to Puget's Sound. I am
well acquainted with the topography of Oregon,
and I hazard nothing in saying that even with all
that we may hope to obtain from the action of the
General Government in the establishment of mili-
tary roads necessary for military purposes during
the hours of our territorial infancy, the construc-
tion of roads within our country will impose upon
our people an amount of taxes no State in the
Union has expended for similar purposes; and I
understand the feasibility of that which I pro-
posed by this bill fully as well as I could hope to
do with the reports of any gentleman who might
be sent to survey these roads by the War Depart-
ment.
Mr. SEYMOUR. I wish merely to address an
inquiry to the Delegate from Oregon, [Mr. Lane,]
to see if I correctly understand him. He says that
he is as well acquainted with this matter, and un-
derstands as well the feasibility of the road to be
made as any gentleman sent out by the War De-
partment. I wish to ask him whether the sum
proposed to be appropriated will be sufficient to
finish the road.
Mr. LANE. The appropriations are altogether
insufficient to complete the roads, but I believe the
' sum asked for here, is sufficient to make it possible
for people to pass from Walla-Walla to Fort Stil-
acoom, and save a distance of near two hundred
miles. In a military point of view, it is absolutely
necessary that this road should be made. The
i other appropriation which I ask for, is for a road
| from near a point selected as a military post in the
| Rogue River Valley, Camp Stuart, to the mouth
I of Myrtle crcek, or Umpqua river. That is a
| section of country over which some of our troops
| passed, last season, and at a heavy cost of trans-
i portation. We have no permanent peace with the
: Indians there, and a garrison must be established
i in the Rogue River Valley. We must use the road
I for military purposes, and for the convenience of
I military defense in Oregon Territory. I can say
; to the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Houston,]
! further, that I have no reason to believe that the
| Secretary of War will take prompt measures, if
j an appropriation for the survey of these roads
j should be made, towards sending out an agent to
! that country. I recollect that gentleman, theSec-
; retary of War, told me in this House, three
1 months ago, that troops would be sent out this
' season for the protection of emigrants en route to
Oregon; and since that,he has written me a letter,
in which he states that he cannot do it; and in my
speech, I then stated that I felt confident the Sec-
retary of War would comply with his promise,
and send out troops, and my remarks have gone
to the country, and upon my assurances, based
upon this promise of the Secretary of War, emi-
grants have started for Oregon, expecting protec-
tion on the way. It was the duty of the Govern-
ment to afford them protection. But no such pro-
tection, it seems, is to be afforded them, and the
consequences of this neglect upon his part, re-
mains yet to be known. If I had as much confi-
dence that the War Department would, in any
event, seek, or even favorably regard, the promo-
tion of the interests of the people of Oregon, as the
gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Houston] seems
to entertain, I would, perhaps, consent to delay
this appropriation until the Secretary of War
would cause those roads to be surveyed.
I do not think I have ever seen the moment
when I would give my consent to appropriate im-
properly a singledollar of Governmentmoney, or
to waste unnecessarily, in any way, one cent of
the public Treasury. And in this instance, 1 ask
for this appropriation for the reasons I have al-
ready stated, and because many petitions have
been presented here, asking appropriations for the
construction of these roads.
Mr. DEAN. How long will it take to send a
Government agent out there to make these sur-
veys, and what will it cost?
Mr. LANE. To send out an agent to survey
those roads, and make a report, and then to get
j the appropriation bills passed through Congress,
| would require a period of not less than three
i years.
' Mr. HOUSTON. I will say in reply to the
i question of the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
I Dean,] which seems to me, I confess, t« be rather
