1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2261
have the power of preventing the heads of De-
partments from concentrating in any one portion
of the Republic, or in any one State, all the patron-
age of the-Government;—of giving to Philadel-
phia, for instance, some ten -or fifteen midshipmen
more than they were entitled to. But I have.never
believed that there was anything like corruption ,
in it. I never believed that the'last, or any former
gentleman at the head of the Navy Department,
would be guilty of any corruption. Itis true, that
I complained that I could not get a midshipman
appointed for my district, either under Mr. Gra-
ham or his predecessors; still I believe those gen-
tlemen utterly incapable of corruption. To correct
this evil, I am for prescribing the manner in which
the appointments should be made, by directing
that they shall be made precisely as the appoint-
ments are made of cadets at West Point, They
have heretofore been considered exclusively the
patronage of the head of the Navy Department,
and have been made in accordance with that opin-
ion. The Secretary appointed his favorites be-
cause law and usage seemed to recognize his right
to do s<5; My object is to change the law, and
abrogate the usage, to remove the patronage from
the Secretary, and give equality by conferring it
on the Representatives of the people.
Mr. HAVEN. I have no desire other than to
bring this question to the consideration of the
House. Let me suggest, by way of illustration,
to my friend from North Carolina, [Mr. Ven-
abi.e,] whether he would contend that Congress
has the right to declare that the President should
not nominate, and, with the advice and consent of
the Senate, appoint a foreign minister, unless he
was taken from a given district, or recommended
by a particular man in Congress? Would he
hold that Congress has a right to control or restrict
the appointing power in such a case ?
Mr. VENABLE. Notatall. Thereisan ex-
press exception in the Constitution that Congress
'may vest the appointment of such inferior officers
as it may think proper, in the President, or in
courts of'law, or in the heads of Departments.
Mr. HAVEN. That is very true. I have read
that express provision from the Constitution to the
House, and that provision gives Congress the
right to vest the appointment in the President alone,
or in the head of a Department, or in the courts;
but' Congress cannot vest it in either of t^e three,
and still control it, nor can it vest it in its own
members. Nor can it give to its own members
either the whole or any portion of the discretion
belonging to the exercise of the power. That dis-
cretion necessarily belongs to the officer in whom
the power to appoint is vested.
Mr. VENABLE. I beg my friend's pardon.
The appointment of these inferior officers may be,
by Congress, conferred upon courts of law, or
upon the heads of the Departments. That is the
difference.
Mr. HAVEN. Yes; but not upon members of
Congress. This original amendment proposes t<
confer it upon members of Congress, and the pre-
cise point 1 make is, that that cannot be done under,
the Constitution.
Mr. STUART. We can relieve this argument
in a moment. This individual is not an officer of
the Army of the United States. He is simply a
pupil in that school, and until he receives and
completes his education, he does not have a war-
rant which makes him an officer; and to show
that this is so, these individuals are constantly re-
jected by a board of examiners, and that rejec-,
tion could not take place if they were officers of
the United States. Theyare treated and regarded
as pupils.
Mr. HAVEN. Then my amendment had bet-
ter be adopted; for if they are pupils merely, and
not officers, they should be appointed upon the
recommendation of members of Congress. But
I think the gentleman is wrong in reference to the
fact; they are appointed midshipmen before they
are admitted to the school; and the examination he
speaks of, is to see whether they shall be pro-
moted to passed midshipmen or not. He will find,
in the Official Register, long lists of midshipmen
put down as. attending the Naval Academy.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment of Mr. Haven, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. WOODWARD. I move the following
proviso:
Provided, That in case the President shall decline to ap-
point the person nominated by a Eepiesentatlve, and tno
Representative shall renominate the same individual, or
neylect I<j nuiliiiiate another, the President slldll proceed to
appoint at bis discretion.
I differ with the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Haven.] 1 regard them as officers^ and
surely you cannot take this power of appointment
from the President and confer it upon a member
of the House, if they are officers. I think that
is very clear. Requiring the President to restrict
the appointment to a Congressional district and
limiting him to a State, is a very different thing
from interposing another officer between him and
the object of his appointment.
Now, if the President is to appoint whom the
member of Congress shall nominate or recom-
mend, why not let the member appoint? What
is the use of the intervention of the Chief Magis-
trate of the United States, subordinate to the in-
fluence or wishes of an individual member of
Congress in so small a matter? Now, give the
power of appointment to a member of Congress,
or to the President, or enforce the law on the
heads of Departments.
If they are pupils simply, and not officers, I
concede it is perfectly competent to investigate it.
If they are commissioned officers, then it is pal-
pably evident thjtyou cannot interpose any other
officer between.
Mr. STUART. I have great confidence in the
opinions of the gentleman from South Carolina,
[Mr. Woodward,] upon all questions, and espe-
cially so upon questions in reference to the con-
struction of the Constitution of the United States;
and, sir, I should not hesitate to concede that the
construction contended for by that gentleman is
correct, if the premises were as he supposes them.
But, as I before remarked, these individuals are
not officers of the United States. The difference
between us is one of fact, and not of constitutional
law.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I rise to a ques-
tion of order; not to consume the gentleman's
time, but merely to suggest that he is debating a
matter which has been voted down when offered
to this particular amendment. An amendment
was offered relating to the power of the President
to reject the appointment of a member, and giving
him power, if the member refuses to nominate
again, to proceed himself to appoint, which
amendment was rejected, and this discussion
tends to restore all the original difficulty.
Mr. STUART. I am opposing the amendment
upon its merits, and the Chair will decide if I am
in order or not.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the re-
marks of the gentleman are in order.
Mr. JOHNSON. I withdraw the objection.
Mr. STUART. I was about to say that these
persons were merely pupils of the school. Now,
sir, it is a settled construction of the Constitution
—settled by the Supreme Court—that an officer
who is a permanent one, and for a given time,
under that Constitution, is not removable at the
pleasure of the President, if the appointment is
for an indefinite time, he is. These individuals
are not officers, within the meaning of the Consti-
tution. The amendment employs words in their
common acceptation, and therefore we use the
vtfords midshipmen or pupils at the Naval School;
and, as I said before, upon an examination, either
the first, second, or any other, the examiners may
reject the pupils, which they could not do were
they officers under the Constitution. They do not
get the warrant which makes them officers of the
United States until they pass through their edu-
cation there, and then they become for the first
time officers of the United States.
The simple object of this amendment is to leave
to the individual representing the district, the se-
lection of the person who shall be appointed a
pupil at that school; and I submit that it does not
conflict with the provisions of the Constitution of
the United States at all.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I wish to say,
in reply to the gentleman from South Carolina,
[Mr. Woodward,] that, if these persons are offi-
cers—and 1 suppose, after they get their warrants,
they are, and must be appointed by the Secretaries
or by the President—it i3 just as unconstitutional to
control the appointment of those from whom these
officers are to be selected, as to control the selec-
tion of the officers themselves; and it will be as
much a violation of the Constitution for members
of Congress to appoint the pupils as the midship.-
men .themselves.
The question was then taker), and the amend-
ment to the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. HAMMOND. I move to strike "from,the
amendment the words " or pupils." " ■'
Whilst we have commenced, we mayas-well
legislate properly upon this subject, I am in favor
of the object indicated by the gentleman from
Michigan, [Mr. Stuart;] but that object will not
be reached by the amendment he has proposed",
from the manner in which it is worded. The in-
tention, I presume, is to prevent the head of the
Navy Department from appointing acting mid-
shipmen without the concurrence of the members
of Congress from whose districts the appointments
are made. If the language-employed by the gen-
tleman be embodied .into the law, that intention
will not necessarily be carried out; it may by con-
struction, but cannot properly carry out the object
spughtto be accomplished. After the young man
has passed his examination, and been made acting
midshipman, he is not at once appointed to the
Naval School. -He may-be appointed to a national
vessel, and go out upon a cruise of two of three
years'time before he is, appointed to the"Naval
School. During all that time, according -to the
amendment of the gentleman, the President may
have power to appoint without the concurrence of
the member of Congress. I propose, in place of
of the words "pupils at the Naval School," to
substitute " acting midshipmen;" and, if adopted,
the amendment of the gentleman will then read
" midshipmen oracting midshipmen in the Navy."
The midshipman may be dismissed before he has
entered the Naval School at all.
Mr. STUART. I would suggest that addi-
tional words might be employed, so that it would
read " acting midshipmen or pupils at the Naval
School."
Mr. HAMMOND. Very well.
Mr. CARTTER. I desire only to make a word
of reply. There has been a good deal of delicate
learning introduced into the discussion here in re-
gard to the appointment of these officers, and I
confess that my learning does not comprehend the
force of the reasoning or confilusion. What is
the history of this school? Why the Annapolis
Naval School was created by a law of Congress;
itis filled by a law of Congress.- We now pro-
pose to modify that law by determining in what
manner it is to be filled. The school,"whether it
results in commissioned officers or not, is filled by
legislative authority. A grave query is now raised
whether we have the power to determine the man-
ner in which officers shall be created upon which
the Executive can lay his hands. Now, whether
they are midshipmen, or passed midshipmen, or
lieutenants, I hold that the law-making power has
the supreme control of the subject until they be-
come officers.
Mr.HAVEN. Iam mostdecidedly oftheopm-
ion of the gentleman from Ohio; but the amend-
ment proposed by the gentleman from Michigan
reaches beyond supplying the school for the pur-
pose of supplying midshipmen to the Navy.
' Mr. CARTTER. One word there. The Pres-
ident does not dispose of these officers until he
has them provided for.
Mr. HAVEN. Most clearly; but the objection
is that,under the Constitution, you cannot restrict
him. He has the right to go among 23,000,000 of
persons for selection; but the gentleman proposes
to reduce that number to one individual from each
district, recommended by its member of Congress.
Mr. CARTTER. You cannot restrict the Pres-
ident, eh? You cannot reach the Executive?
This is a potent body if that be the case! Why,
sir, you can degrade them in their official stations
to-morrow!
Mr. HAVEN. I do not object to that position.
Mr. CARTTER. The whole theory is a re-
versal of the order of the Government. You
give the President the law-making power of the
Government, instead of placing him as an -Execu-
tive to carry out the laws. I apprehend, however
much difficulty we find in doing a little legislative
act, that this school and its personnel is within the
control of this body, and that it would be an out-
rageous invasion on the power of this bodyjfor the
President to assume to say that he would create
the materiel to fill it.
The question was taken, and the amendment to
the amendment was rejected.
