486
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 6,
patriotic men to meet the necessities of the country.
But, sir, let us come up to the duty of making
land warrants issued, and in progress of being
issued, under an existing law, assignable. Let us
not keep the promise to the ear and break it to the
hope of the soldier, or his widow, whose long-de-
ferred claims are now acknowledged. Let us re-
move the artificial difficulties placed in the way of
a transfer by our own legislation, and which have
made many a prey to sharks and speculators. He
totters on the verge of the grave; life's sand is
nearly run out; let us throw a bean* of light upon
his dark path; let us cheer him with an assurance
of the regard, and the receipt of the bounty of a
grateful country, as free from conditions as his ser-
vices were generous and valuable.
Mr. ALLISON moved to amend Mr. Sack-
ett's amendment so as to reduce the compensa-
tion proposed to be allowed to the registers and
receivers to one half.
Mr. A. then said: For one, I would be very
willing that the committee should come to a vote
at once upon the proposition to make land war-
rants assignable. That I conceive to be the ob-
ject of thesp bills, and that is what those who are
interested in these warrants require. 1 suppose
that every gentleman upon this floor represents
some who are directly interested in these warrants
and are anxious to have them made assignable.
We learn this from the fact that among the very
first propositions submitted to this House at the
commencement of the session, was a proposition
to make land warrants assignable. But there are
other questions which have been introduced and
connected with this subject. I have not time to
discuss them now, but my worthy colleague,
[Mr. J. W. Howe,] who addressed the House a
short time ago, made use of words which sug-
gested an idea to my mind. He said that the old
States had no longer any interest in the lands in
the new States and Territories in the western
part of the country. Why, sir, it amazed me to
hear that the experience of that gentleman, who
has held a seat upon this floor for some years,
had taught him that the old States had no interest
in the public lands, and that those lands ouglu to
be given to those to whom they belonged—to the
new States. As a Pennsylvaman, I could not
agree to that, nor did I believe that my colleague
intended it. I know that the legislation of the last
few years would teach us that the old States have
no interest in the public lands, but I hope that
time is passed away; I hope we shall hear new
doctrines and learn that the old States have a
common interest in these lands, and that they are
a common fund for the benefit of all the States.
Mr. J. W. HOAVE. I did not mean to say
that the ok! States had no interest in the lands. I
meant to say that they had an interest in them,
but could not put their hands upon it.
Mr. ALLISON. Ah! That maybe. But I
hope the day has come when a new doctrine is to
be taught. I hope that the old States will stand
up for their interest in these lands. Whilst we take
a pride in the progress of improvement in that
glorious part of our country—the Great West,
we must not forget that the old States are borne
down to the earth with taxes for improvements
that were made to fill up that great West. I hope
we will show that we are not derelict to our duty,
but that while we are anxious to do everything
calculated to benefit the West, we are also willing
to protect the interests of the old States, whose
eons have peopled the Western States. 1 hope the
day has arrived when we, as members represent-
ing the people of this country, will legislate for the
whole country. My colleague, 1 am sure, made
the remark more in playfulness than in earnest,
that we had no interest in the public lands, and that
we were to give them away to those to whom they
belonged. Why, if that was true—if my col-
league was right, I would say, as he has said, that
1 would vote to give away the public lands to
every man who has not a farm, and who does not
enjoy a homestead, rather than that they should
be given away to make improvements in those
States that have already so largely benefited bv
improvements. '
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MOORE, of Pennsylvania. I have no de-
Sire to prolong this debate. I ara opposed to this
amendment, and ask for a vote upon it.
Mr. HENff moved that the committee rise
Mr. STUART demanded tellers; which were
ordered; and Messrs. Clark and Hunter ap-
pointed.
And the question being put, it was decided in
the affirmative—ayes 86, noes 28.
The committee accordingly rose, and the Speak-
er having resumed the chair, the C-feairman of the
committee reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union had had the
Union generally under consideration,and particu-
larly the special order of the House, being Senate
bill 146, entitled "An act to make land warrants
assignable, and for other purposes," and that it
had come to no conclusion thereon.
On motion by Mr. AVERETT 3 the House then
adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions, memorials, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees:
I3y Mr. KUHNS : The petition of Hon. James Bell and
72 other citizens of Westmoreland county, Pennsylvania,
praying tor the establishment of a direct mail route from
Gieensburg to West Newton, in said county.
By Mr. B URROWS : The memorial of D. S. Morgan
and others, citizens of the State of Illinois, praying Congress
noitoienew C. H. McCormickJs patent lor a reapiug ma-
chine.
Also, the petition of L. S. Kellogg and others, citizens of
Wisconsin, praying Congress not to renew C. H. McCor-
mick's patent tor a reaping machine.
By Mr. PARKER, of Pennnylvania: The petition of
David Watts and 53 others, citizens of Perry and Union
counties, in Pennsylvania, praying Congress to establish a
mail route lrom Millerstown, in Perry county, via Mount
Pleasant MilN, Middleburg, Centreviile, and New Berlin,
to Milfhnburg. m Union county.
By Mr. BAILEY, of Georgia: The memorial of citizens
of Wilkinson county, Georgia, relative to the appointment of
Chaplains for both llouses ol Congress.
By Mr. PEASLEE: The petition of Thomas Chadbourne
and others, that an appiopnauon be made to the executive
committee of the London Industrial Exhibition, to relieve
them from expenses incurred in the transportation and dis-
play of articles from the United States.
By Mr. SCUDDEIt. The petitions of Alexander Baxter
ami other* and Ira Baxter and others, citizens ot Massa-
chusetts, asking an appropriation for the pieseivation of
the breakwater in Ilyanmt. harbor, Massachusetts.
By Mr. THURSTON: The memorial of John Lawiie
and Donald Stuait, for relief in building a bridge across
Tiber cieek, in the city of Washington.
By Mr. VVLUGIITMAN: The memorial of sundry citi-
zens of Arkansas, Texas, and New Mexico, praying for a
mail loute liom Red river to the Rio Grande.
By Mr. ASHE: The memorial of R. F. Williams, dep-
uty maislial, praying additional compensation for taking the
census.
By Mr. PORTER: The petition of sundry citizens of
Montgomery county, Misbouu, a&king the passage of a law
to modify and reduce the rates of postage on newspapers,
periodicals, and other printed matter.
By Mr. HENN : The petition of James Shepherd and
115 other*, praying an appropuation of land for a railroad
from Lafayette, Indiana, via Peoria, Burlington, Sceosan-
qua, and Bloomlield, to the Missouri river.
IN SENATE.
Friday, Febmary 6, 1852.
Prayer by the Rev. L. F. Morgan.
On motion by Mr. HUNTER, it was
Ordered, That the execution of the order of the Senate
ofthe22d December la.-t, assigning Friday of each week
to the consideiation of puvate bills., be postponed until one
o'clock tins day.
Mr. PATT presented the petition of the Board
of Trade and Insurance Offices of the city of Bal-
timore, for the erection of fog bells upon Chingo-
teague Island, Smith's Island, Cape Henry, Cur-
rituck or False Cape, Cape Eiatteras, Cape Fear,
and also on board the light-boats in the Chesapeake
Bay; which was referred to the Committee on
| Commerce.
| Mr. WADE presented the memorial ofL. H.
' Shepard, assistant marshal for taking the Seventh
; Census in Erie county, Ohio, praying additional
| compensation; which was referred to theCommit-
1 tee of Claims.
Mr. JBRODHEAD presented the memorial of
citizens of Pennsylvania, New Jersey, and Del-
aware, praying an appropriation for the erection
of piers and harbors m the Delaware river and
bay; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. HAMLIN presented the memorial of as-
sistant marshals for taking the Seventh Census in
York county, Maine, praying additional compen-
sation; which was referred to the Committee of
Claims.
Mr. BRADBURY presented the memorial of
Benjamin Sampson and others, assistant marshals i
for taking the Seventh Census in Franklin county, ;
Maine, praying additional compensation; which j
was referred to the Committee of Claims. j
Mr. FISH presented the memorial of the assist-
ant marshals for taking the Seventh Census in
New York county, New York, praying additional
compensation; which was referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims.
Mr. DODGE; of Iowa, presented the petition
of Robert A. Defrance, praying a title to a lot upon
which he resides in the city of Burlington, Iowa;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Also, the memorial of the Legislature of Iowa,
praying a donation of land to aid in the construc-
tion of the Burlington and Fort Des Moines Rail-
road; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. FELCH presented the petition of William
A. Burt, praying a just allowance in consideration
of the benefit the Government has derived from
the use of a compass invented by him; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. CLEMENS presented a memorial of the
Legislature of Alabama, praying a donation of
land in aid of the school fund of such townships
as have valueless sixteenth sections; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands and
ordered to be printed.
The PRESIDENT pro tern, laid before the
Senate a memorial of inhabitants of Jefferson
county, Indiana, praying that the transportation
of the mails on Sunday may be prohibited by law,
which was referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. MALLORY presented a memorial of as-
sistant marshals for taking the Seventh Census in
Florida, praying additional compensation; which
was referred to the Committee of Claims.
Also, a petition of citizens of Duval county,
Florida, praying an alteration of the rates of post-
age on newspapers, pamphlets, books, and other
printed matter; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. COOPER presented the petition of Thomas
C. Hawkins, deputy marshal for taking the Sev-
enth Census in the county of Green, Pennsylva-
nia, praying to be allowed additional compensa-
tion; which was referred to the Committee of
Claims.
Also, the memorial of citizens of Philadelphia,
praying for the construction of piers and harbors
in the Delaware river and bay; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
Also, a memorial of citizens of Pittsbuj-g, Penn-
sylvania, praying further legislation for the pro-
tection of lives and property on board of vessels
propelled in whole or in part by steam; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. COOPER. I present the memorial of the
officers of the Pennsylvania State Agricultural So-
ciety, praying for the establishment of an Agri-
cultural Bareau. I have received, along with the
memorial, a letter from the President of the Soci-
ety, the Hon. Frederick Watts, in which he re-
quests me to state to the Senate the great desire
that is everywhere manifested throughout the State
of Pennsylvania, that a bureau of the kind prayed
for should be established.
I move its reference to the Committee on Agri-
culture.
The memorial was so referred.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. FISH, it was
Ordered, That the documents on the files of the Senate,
relating to the claim of John Hogan, be referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations.
On motion by Mr. BUTLER, it was
Ordered, That the proceedings of the Chamber of Com-
merce of Charleston, South Carolina, on the files of the
Senate, in relation to the establishment of a Branch Mint in
that city, be referred to the Committee on Finance.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. BORLAND, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to which was referred amotion made by Mr.
Felck, on the 5th instant, to print an additional
number of the report of the Commissioner of the
General Land Office accompanying the annual mes-
sage of the President of the United States, reported
thereon; and, in concurrence therewith, it was
Ordered, That one thousand copies of the said report be
printed, in addition to the usual number, for the use of the
General Land Office.
Mr. HAMLJN, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to which was referred the resolution, submit-
ted the 5th instant, for the printingof an additional
number of the report of the Light-House Board,
