1398
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 20,
that I ought to vote against anything they ask for.
I want to vote for this hill; but, with the lights
before me, I greatly fear I shall be compelled to
concur in the views of the gentleman from Alaba-
ma, [Mr. Houston,] and vote against it. The
bill proposes to make an appropriation of $59,000
for the construction of three roads in Oregon.
Now, I do not know but the necessity of the case
requires that these roads shall be made. I do not
know but it is the duty of the General Govern-
ment to make them, and our duty to appropriate
twice that amount. But 1 confess that 1 have
nothing in the evidence hefore me to justify me in
voting for it.
Now, I will not ask the committee who re-
ported this bili, and who now call upon us to sup-
port it, so much as some other gentlemen have
done. I will not ask that agents shall be sent out
there to examine into the matter, to survey the
roads, to ascertain their utility, and the coat of
their construction. I will not ask that, for it
would consume too much time, and possibly be
unnecessary. I will not even ask that the com-
mittee shall call upon the Secretary of War and as-
certain his views with regard to the necessity or
propriety of constructing these roads; as to the
necessity of the appropriation, and for Ins inform-
ation as to the disposition to be made of the troops
in that Territory for the future. I only ask this,
and let gentlemen say if it is not reasonable: I ask
that some member of that committee will rise and
state to the House that the committee have exam-
ined the subject for themselves; that they have,
with maps before them, traced out the direction
and distance of these roads, their practicability,
their utility, and the cost of their construction. "If
any member of the committee will say that com-
mittee did this, and, after having done it, agreed
unanimously to report the bill, 1 will vote for it.
Mr. MASON. The Committee on Roads and
Canals had this subject before them, with maps,
and the statement of the Delegate from Oregon,
[Mr. Lane;] and my recollection is that they
agreed unanimously to report it to the House.
Mr. BtSSELL. Then the gentleman will bent
no joss to answer a question or two with regard
to it. Will he tell me what is the distance of the
first road proposed to be constructed?
Mr. MASON. It has been some time since
the action of the committee upon it, and I have
forgotten what is the distance. I recollect, how-
ever, that the committee examined the subject
thoroughly, and were satisfied in relation to the
merits of the bill.
Mr, BISSELL. Then it is ko long a time since
that examination was made that, the committee
are not now prepared to give the FJousc the in-
formation it may desire; but I think that, the bill
merits tin examination.
Mr. MASON. I hope vou will examine it.
Mr. IJISSELL. For that purpose, before \
take my seat, f shall move to recommit it to the
Committee on Military Aflaiis.
Mr. I1ENN. I now wish, with the consent of i
the gentleman from Illinois, to ratify my state- i
merit in regard to this matter, by reading a l w |
which made an appropriation for a road in Iowa, !
which 1 recollected when I interrupted the gentle- !
man from Alabama. It was passed M<irch 3d, 1
IS.Th It nru\ides— :
'•Tlr:? f.'K- shim of.^00.000 Inland the -mrin is heirl>y 1
m, our of ; ny money in the Yrea-niy not nsh.-i'-
Wi-p •(). to till' om*mn<r ,imi "on-'t- ticfioit <>t a ru-ni
in rhe Tcru.oiy or (owa, tiom DnUiiiju.', no {lie nwi
:i!p(. («> • m-li (>oi lit m the northern iio'ninfa. \ o tin; State
<>' i i a in n- h<; 1>.m -ui'i <! to. it* ftitnie tvi, \ ,n v
t!r-t to 'h'* I'lOrr. ().' Jcllcr^o'i St. 1 .on'-. \\ ,tinn
f'i ■ r?iat the KerteJa.iv or' W it he cnnio". moil ami
<l.r m-M' --ur,h load to tie consiiuofi'il hv coi-h.u t ■
or othuiwi^e."' ' 1
There is evidently an appropu.i'ion without any
r avion.'? survey or location of the road. A s,i!j- ,
-oeni section of the same act le.tds a« follows; 1
•' .-W-. :i ,?ju7 he if- further rtc.\ That tiie following
' i i(,""h,* an:)H);>r;:iie(i to-cv^ial ohjec!-, re^Ti-'cnvc^ |
I; . w\h !t aie ilerCM-a'a-r tie-fiiiird •
•• I'ar I!j<• o;i -inns «vul construction of a mad hom Pm- |
J> e> o:i '-'uTrh th.« eoiinti(5^or')f«M(nne«,Ifcn!j and Van 1
Biire ,:o'.\ar.I« the seat of [ndirm agency on tlie'rivei ])v:
A.ojne.. ,V>
" !'<>• rii— improvement tl'° road fro-n Burlington. in :
tiie Territory of Iowa, fo I).1 in Hhnoitiie -\v,n '
of in airi of a like -"mil contributed towards the s am i ^
"«'t by iJietoumi! B-uhmuon " .
Mr. HOUSTON. As the gentleman seems de-
termined to press his point upon me, I will ask
him a question. I would like to know whether
.he gentleman has examined the matter, and can
say to the House that this appropriation was not
made for a survey?
Mr. IIENN. The face of the law shows that
it was not.
Mr. HOUSTON. The face of the law shows
no such thing. There may have been another
appropriation further back for a survey. This
law does not show that there was not.
Mr. HENN. There was no appropriation
made for these roads prior to that time, and there
was no survey made prior to that time.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I ask the gen-
tleman from Illinois to give way for a motion to
to adjourn.
Mr. BISSELL. With the understanding that
I still retain it, I will give way for that purpose.
Mr. STEPHENS. I then move that the House
do now adjourn.
Mr. McLANAHAN. I ask the gentleman
from Georgia to allow me to request the unani-
mous consent of the House to take up from the
Speaker's table a bill from the Senate in regard to
the census, in relation to which there is a dispute
between the States of South Carolina and Califor-
nia, to which of those States shall be entitled to a
Representative upon a fraction. It is necessary
that the bill should be speedily acted upon, and I
ask the unanimous consent of the House to take
it up and refer it to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
[Cries of " Agreed !"J
There was no objection,and the bill wasaccord-
mgly taken up and referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Mr. STEPHENS. I now renew the motion
to adjourn.
The motion was agreed to, and
The House adjourned till to-morrow at twelve
o'clock.
PETITIONS, Sto.
The following petitions, memorials, &c., were prefonted
under the rule, and referred to tiie appropriate committees :
Bv Mr. RODIE: The petition of citizens of Gieemvnod
and Troupslnngh, Steuben eounty, New York, and from Uie
town of Deerfield, Tioga county, Pennsylvania, for the
establishment of a post route from Hough and Readv post-
olSee. m the town of'Greenwood, through Wott (Jnion, at
the head ot Hewlett's Creek, ma Joshua tflyters, in die.
j town of Tiouptburgli, Steuben county. New Vork, to the
! village or Knoxvrlle, in Tio^a county, Pennsylvania, by the
j TJrookfield prM office, in said State.
By Mr. BUoYVN, of Mi-M^ippi: The petition of Na-
! tlmuiel Lee, of Smith eountv, Mi^NMpp!. piaj ine tor the
; privilege oi changing a land location, made by in:-take, m
i the Auirn.-ta land district, in IVI^si'—ippi.
I By i\Ii. KOUDDEJt . Tile petition of Daniel Bas^ctt and
( other.-, for a bno\ to he pfacsd on the "Lone Rock," near
ll\anni> h.uboi, Ma->saehu-.etN.
By Mi. CLARK : The mimionnl of Jame-> Blake and.")
othei--, eiti/eiw of the eountv o' Clavton, m the State of
Iowa, asking (hat the Gcieiat Government shall no longer
1 tiatlic. nor peinrttiallie,in the public lands ; and tli.ir they
be laid out into taring and lotn, tor the free us?c of sueh eiti
, zeio- <is will occupy them.
! By Mr. I'TjORIWCE : Thiee memorials from citizens of
; Pernio 1\ ania, asking a modification or the 11-venue laws, s>o
a<s to increase the dutie- upon iron
AI<o, the nicmonal of William Scott, prajing for an in-
valid peiiMon ttotn the date of lcceiving Ins wounds.
By 1STt. llOBBl^S . Tii^ petition ot Mite^ N. Carpentei
nnd -itf other-, citizen-* o. the county of Philadelphia, asking
that tin* <iet pissed September k28, 1850, be so modified a'- to
mve to < aeh o! thepvi^on.? intended ro he benefited theicby
at I.tW one hundred and j-ixty acres nf land.
Al-o, the petition of William K. Jones and Mother citi-
■ ze.iM ot Seitttyllviil eountv, Penn^yivaina, a-,km^ a modiii-
, eatioit o'' the tantf oi IdiG, so that tiie duties now levied on
Hon -.hall not, m any valuation that mav he put upon it, be
le^t!ujiit> iulmiltcd proper standard of lottypei cent, ad
tahreiY).
Al-o, the petition of Charles I-'iailey and 9} otlmi citi-
//■ n v oi Sehii^ j];ill county, Pcnnmlvama, on the same &ub-
j«'0t.
Also, the petiiiou of Milton Cake and 32 other citizens
of l'e!in-\Ivarun, on the same Mibioct.
Al-o, th" petition of Thomas Williams and 40 other citi-
Zf-'iH of Sehu\]kill counn', I'ennsjSvania, ofs'iyular import
to tiie above.
J "na section there is an appropriation of ;
fn v - a road which had not been previously
$5,000 fo*
surveyed.
IN SEiVATE.
Thursday, Jlmj 20, 1852,
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. C. M. Butler.
Mr. SEWARD presented a petition of O. B.
i Pearson and others, praying that the bill now
i pending before Congress, granting to every man
, who is the head of a family and a citizen of the
United States, one hundred nnd sixty acres of
land, may become a law; which was referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. BORLAND presented a petition of citizens
of Clark county, Arkansas, praying the establish-
ment of a mail-route from Aehadelphia to Hot
Springs in that State; which was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. FISH presented a petition of citizens of
New York, praying that the bill now pending be-
fore Congress, granting to every citizen of the
United States, who is the head of a family, one
hundred and sixty acres of land, may become a
law; which ^as referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of laborers
in Boston, praying that the bill now pending be-
fore Congress, granting to every citizen of the
United States, who is the head of a family, one
hundred and sixty acres of land, may become a
law; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. SOULE presented the petition of Puig,
Muir, & Co., praying that duties paid by them
upon American casks and barrels may be refund-
ed; which was referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance.
Also, the petition of Charles Belcher & Co.,
praying that duties paid by them upon American
casks and barrels maybe refunded; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. DAVIS presented a petition of citizens of
Sunderland, Massachusetts, praying that the bill
now pending before Congress, granting to every
citizen of the United States one hundred and sixty
acres of land, may become a law; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. CASS presented a petition of citizens of
New York, and a petition of Frederick county,
Maryland, praying that the bill now pending be-
fore Congress, granting to every citizen of the
United States, who is at the head of a family, one
hundred and sixty acres of land, may become a
law; which were referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands.
BILLS PASSED.
The following bills were read a third time, and
passed:
An act granting the right of way and a portion
of the public lands to the State of California to aid
in the construction of a railroad from the city of
San Francisco to the city of San Jose, in that
State; and
I An act to authorize the President of the United
| Stales to designate the places for the ports of entry
| and delivery for the collection districts of Puget's
j Sound and Umpqua, in the Territory of Oregon.
; The title of the last-named act was amended, by
j adding after the word " Oregon" the words, ''and
I for other purposes."
! MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives
was received by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announ-
cing that it had passed a bill, authorizing the
■ Governor of the Territory of New Mexico to
. call an extra session of the Legislative Assembly
of said Territory, should the same be deemed
necessary and expedient. It was read a first and
second time by its title, and referred to the Com-
i mittee on Territories}.
The resolution from the House of Representa-
tives, changing the name of the St. Petei's liver,
in ihe Minnesota Teiritory, was re.ul a first and
second time by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee oil Territories.
; RAILROAD JN WISCONSIN.
On the motion of Mr.DODGE, of Wisconsin,
t, the Semite proceeded to consider, as in Committee
, of the Whole, the bill granting to the Stnte of
■ Wisconsin a donation of public lands, to aid in
'' the construction of a railroad from the city of
: MiKvaukie to the Mi^svsippi river.
The amendment reported by the Committee on
i' Public Lands, to make it conform to bills passed
of a I«ke character, was amended and agreed to.
' j The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
i; and the amendment made as in Committee of the
:j Whole was concurred in.
The question was then stated to be: " Shall the
bill be engrossed, and lead a time?"
i! Mr. FELCH. I do not wish to intex*pose any
• j objection to this bill, but to state the facts, upon
