•2262
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 19,
The question then recurring on.the amendment
of Mr. Stuart, as amended, and being put, it was
adopted. - * - -• . "
Mr, STANpY. I move,pro/oma, to insert after -
the amendment just adopted— ,
That no cadet shall be appointed under fifteen ye.ars of
age. ^ • .
Mr. Chairman; some remarks were made here
oh yesterday, which ! desired-to get the floor at
the time to reply to, but was unable to do so. The
gentleman from New York [IVXr. Dean] is reported
m the Intelligencer as saying that there-was rio
more corrupt officer in the Government -than the
late Secretary_of the Navy. The gentleman spe-
cifies nothing, but the charge is general. I under-
stand this morning that he made use, of no such
words as have been imputed td him. I do not
now see him in his seatT They have gone out now
to the country, and it is due to himself to say in
what manner to correct "such a gross charge.
The gentlemarf from'Ohio [Mr. Stanton] also
indulged in remarks of censure of the Secretary of
• the Navy, on account of his appointments. If the*
gentleman has any correction to make, I should
be happy to hear him.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. With the "permis-
sion of the gentleman from North Carolina, I will
explain.
My complaint was against the action of the Navy
Department, in a matter which I supp'ose was
managed by the subordinates of the Secretary.', It
was not that {he appointments from my district
were improper; but that they were made without
my knowledge, at a time..when I was seeking in-
formation as to whether there was a vacancy.
The correspondence, I have no doubt, was pre:
pared and carried on by a clerk or head of a bu-
reau. And I think it very probable the Secretary
may not have knojvn by whom the applicants
were recommended. With the Secretary of the
Navy I have no personal acquaintance, and have
no complaint to make against him personally. I
did, ana do complain, that what I regarded as an
invasion of my privileges as a member of this
House, had been invaded by the Department;"but
that it was in a matter which I presume was man-
aged by the subordinates of the Secretary.
Mr. STANLY. The appointments the gentle-
man refers to, were made before the Secretary of
the Navy had the honor of seeing or knowing the
gentleman. He is mistaken. They were made
m the month of September, 1851, before he came
here, and there is no cause or shadow of complaint
against the Secretary of the Navy upon that ground.
Mr. STANTON. As I have said, I do not
know the Secretary of the Navy personally. The
flies, however, of his Department bear evidence
that I sought to know if there were vacancies ex-
isting in my district.
Mr. STANLY. And the first letter from the
Department in reply was that there were two.
Mr. STANTON. In that the gentleman is
mistaken.
Mr. STANLY. I am in earnest; and I chal-
lege the gentleman to call for the correspondence
between the Secretary and himself upon that sub-
ject. ifitisnotas I state it, I shall never say turkey
upon this floor ae;ain. [Laughter.]
Mr. STANLY, by unanimous consent, then
withdrew his amendment.
Mr. SWEETSER. I move to insert the fol-
lowing, after line one hundred and eighty-six:
For the u*e of the Navy of the United States of Espy's
" Corneal Ventilator," and in bar ot all claim for the same,
$10,000. the same having; beon thoroughly tested by consent
of the inventor, for the last ten years; to be paid out of any
money m the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. HOUSTON. That is a private claim, and
I raise the question that it is not in order.
Mr. SW&ETSER. The gentleman is mistaken;
this i4? not a private claim.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that
the amendment is not in order.
Mr. SWEETSER. I desire to call the atten-
tion of the Chair to the fact that this bill proposes to
sustain the Navy, and to make the necessary ap-
propriation for that purpose. The amendment I
have offered is for the accomplishment of that very
object.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides the
amendment to be out of order.
Mr. SWEETSER. Inasmuch as I am seri-
ously pressing this amendment, and desire to have
the committee give it & fair hearing, I take an ap-
peal from, that decision.
The question was then put, i6 Shall the decis-
ion of the Chair stand as the judgment of the com-
mittee ?" and it was agreed to.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. STANTON, ofTennessee. I am instructed
-by the Committee oh Naval Affairs to move to in-
sert, after the word " building," in the following:
-"Portsmouth, New Hampshire. For building timber
shed No. 29, foundaUon for shores at railway, drains, gut--
tersj and paving, and" repairs-of all Rinds, $35,041 23"—
—these words— - ..
Cooper's shop and watchman's quarters, quay-wall south
•of basin— ,
—and to increase the appropriation to $58,093 95.
• I have been instructed to move to restore the ori-
ginal appropriation for the various navy-yards;
and I will state here now generally, as 1 do -not
wish to "trouble the committee particularly upon
these various amendments as they come up, ex-
cept on the one for the navy-yard at Memphis,
that the amount of reduction of the estimates of
the Secretary of the Navy for hospitals and navy-
yards is something about $500,000.
The chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means addressed a letter to the Secretary of the
Navy, inquiring "whether some oPthese appropri-
ations could not be postponed. The Secretary of
the Navy replies that they are in his judgment ab-
solutely necessary; but that about $175,000 of
them could be postponed without injury'to the
public service. I myself do not see why these
works; if they are absolutely necessary, should be
thrown over for a succeeding year, with the over-
flowing treasury that we,have. The Committee
on Naval Affairs have instructed me to restore
only such of these works as the Secretary of the
Navy, and the officers under him, believe to be
absolutely and indispensably necessary to be
completed at the present time. This amendment
is in accordance with the recommendation of the
Secretary of the Navy, and the decision of the
Committee on Naval Affairs. The proposition
is to reduce the original estimates of the Secretary
of the Navy by $175,000 for improvements, which
he Says can be postponed without injury to the
public service. That restores all except the par-
ticular works which the Secretary of the Navy
says can be postponed without injury to the pub-
lic service until the next fiscal year. It is for the
committee to determine whether the estimates of
the Department shall be sustained in all their use-
fulness or not. In offering this amendment, I
only discharge the duty which the Committee oil
Naval Affairs imposed upon me.
Mr. PHELPS. I am -opposed to the amend-
ment submitted by the gentleman from Tennes-
see [Mr. Stanton] under the instructions of the
Committee on Naval Affairs. The Committee of
Ways and Means, at the time these estimates
were before them, had occasion to examine them
with a great deal of particularity. It is true, as
stated by the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Stanton,] that a letter was addressed to the Sec-
retary of the Navy, inquiring what estimates
might be dispensed with. Certain estimates were
indicated by him which could be postponed until
some subsequent time. The Committee of Ways
and Means were not satisfied with the answer
given by the bureau having charge of these mat-
ters, and a sub-committee of the Committee of
Ways and Means called upon the officer having
charge of these propositions, and interrogated him
in' relation to the items of appropriations for the
support and maintenance of the navy-yard. The
result of the inquiry made by this sub-committee
is contained in the appropriations as specified in
this bill. The Secretary of the Navy estimated
$81,120 as being necessary for making the proper
repairs at the navy-yard at Portsmouth; but
upon a reinvestigation of his estimates, he was
induced to reduce that sum $23,000. The sub-
committee, in their inquiries, were of the opinion
that the very items which the gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Stanton] now proposes to re-
store, might be dispensed with at the present time.
The items he intends to insert in the bill are for
erecting the cooper's shop and watchmen's quar-
ters; and for the erection of a quay-wall south
of the basin. Commodore Smith, upon whom we
called in relation to these estimates, stated, that so
far as the appropriation for the watchmen's quar-
ters and cooper's shop was concerned, it might be
deferred another year. There is an extensive coop-
er's shop at the -navy-yard, only fifty-six miles
from the one now under construction. Ther.e is an
old one at the navy-yard at Portsmouth; and the
committee were of the opinion, from all the in-
formation they received upon the subject, that it
would answer the purpose very well for the time,
and for two or three years to come. , " .
Mr. STANTON. I desire to correct the gen-
tleman. Here is the letter of the Secretary:
Mr. PHELPS. I did not-obtain the.Jnforma-
tion from the Secretary, because he knew nothing
in relation to the matter; but I went to the com-
modore, who,had charge of these matters, and,,
there 1 obtained information, much better than
from the Secretary—from the man who made up,
in a"great degree, the estimates.
'Mr. STANTON. This is a statement from
that same bureau. . ■
Mr. PHELPS. Have you the estimates and
answers given to the interrogatories propounded
by the Committee of Ways and Means to that
commodore, when these matters were under ex-
amination? I have that information, and I say
that the appropriations which the Committee of
Ways and Means have stricken out for the navy-
yard at Portsmouth, are not needed at the present
time. The other appropriation was for the construc-
tion of a quay-wall, connecting with the stone work
contiguous with the dock, which would be neces-
sary if the dock should £rove fit to answer the
purposes for which it was intended. The gentle-
man from Tennessee [Mr. -Stanton] is of the
opinion that the new dock erected at Portsmouth
will answer the purposes for which it- is intended,
and if it does, the appropriation for that quay-
wall, at the present time, is not necessary. This
was the result to'which the Committee of Ways
and Means arrived, and they, therefore, dimin-
ished those estimates by-these amounts. .Now,
then,- refer again to the unexpended balances
which may be expended in improvements at the
Portsmouth navy-yard, and you have some $8,S14
of unexpended appropriations upon the first day of
July last, as reported to us from the Treasury
Department. I believe the gentleman from Ten-
nessee proposes to increase this by something like
$22,000. Then the only matter-in dispute between
the gentleman and myself is $14,000. As I re-
marked before, upon the examination of Commo-
dore Smith, at the time that three members of the
committee were present, and upon the explana-
tions given to us of the manner in which he pro-
posed to expend the money, the Committee of
Ways and Means arrived at the conclusion that
the appropriation was not needed and might be
safely dispensed with. For these reasons, I oppose
the amendment of the gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Stantgn.]
Mr. STANTON. I hope I may be allowed to
say that the Secretary of the Navy called our
attention particularly to those reductions.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Stan-
ton's amendment, and it was rejected. "
The following section was then read: ,
" Boston, Massachusetts : For rain-water cistern, piteli-
house and oakum loft, 'muster-office, and repairs of all
kinds, $S8,100. 
Mr. STANTON, ofTennessee. I am instructed
to offer an amendment to that section restoring the
appropriations, except those which the Secretary
of the Navy says can be postponed for another
year. After the word "for," I move to insert
"grading and paving timber shed No. 31; coal-
house near rope-walk;" and to increase the appro-
priation to $48,743
I beg leave to say, in reply to what the gentle-
man from Missouri [Mr. Phelps] has stated in
the last speech he made upon this subject, that the
Secretary of the Navy considered these matters so
important and indispensable that before he went
out of office he addressed a letter to our committee
requesting-us to investigate them. I have his let-
ter before me now, in which he states that he con-
sidered these works as indispensable. The head
of the Bureau, to which thegentleman has referred,
made the same statement to me no longer than
three days ago, and I have the statement of that
Bureau, to which the Committee on Naval Affairs
have precisely conformed. Although I am not
personally acquainted with all the different navy-
yards, and the precise necessity for these different
