1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
487
appointed in pursuance of the eighth section of the
act of March 3, 1851, reported" thereon; and, in
concurrence therewith, it was
Ordered-, That three tliou&aud copies of the said report
be printed, one thousand copies of which to be for the use
of the Li«?ht-House Board.
On motion by Mr. FELCH, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Public Lands be dis-
charged ftom the further consideration of documents in sup-
port of the claim of the State of Alabama, for the payment
of interest due on account of the five per cent fund,and
that it be referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
On motion by Mr, ATCHISON, it was
Ordered, That the Committee oh Indian Affairs be dis-
charged from the further consideration of resolutions passed
by the Legislative of Michigan, presented the 15th Janua-
iy; and trom the farther consideration of a resolution of
the Senate of the 15th January, instructing the Committee
on Indian Affairs to inquire into tile expediency of pro-
viding by law {or the payment to the Ottawa and Chippewa
nations of Indians ot the overplus money which s>hall be
found due, m pursuance-of a treaty concluded at Wa&lung-
ton the 28th ot Mutch, 183G.
EXPLOSION OF STEAM BOILERS.
Mr. BORLAND. 1 am authorized by the
Committee on Printing, to which was referred the
memorial of Alfred Guthrie, a practical .engineer,
submitting1 the results of his experiments in rela-
tion to die cause of the explosion of steam boilers,
to report m favor of printing the document? and
£ve thousand five hundred additional copies—five
hundred of which shall be for the use of Mr.
Guthrie, 3 will remind the Senate of the remarks
made yesterday by the Senator from Illinois,
[Mr. Shields,] upon introducing these papers and
documents. 1 suppose it will not be necessary to
add anything to what he said.
Mr. HALE. I wish to say a word, and 1 wish
to call to the mind of the Senate, if they can re-
member it, the speeches made by the Senator from
Missouri, [Mr. Atchison,] and the Senator from
North Carolina, [Mr. Maktgum,] and another Sen-
ator, upon printing extra copies of such documents.
I listened to those suggestions of econo'my «md
prudence, at the time; and I submitted, as I had
to do, with a good grace. But it seems that those
admonitions have all been forgotten, and here we
•are to print five thousand extra copies, and five
hundred more for the author of some essay, not
by an officer of the Government—not of anything j
connected with our legislation, but an essay upon I
explosions. That is what 1 understand it to be. .
Mr. BADGER. That will be very useful to |
the Senate j for explosions happen here very often, j
Mr. HALE. 1 object to this; and -call upon i
Senators who so prudently and wisely interfered
and refused to print a public document of immense
interest, and of great consequence, relating to a
practical matter before the Senate, to apply the
same rule to this enormous proposition to print
five thousand five hundred extra copies of the essay
of this gentleman upon explosions. Sir, we have
explosions enough, withbut disseminating essays
upon them; and I do hope the Senate will inter-
pose and not sanction this expenditure. But I
suppose it is too late. The fashion is set. We
printed, I do not know how many numbers of
Professor Espy's speculations on storms: and this,
I suppose, is something similar to it in regard to
thunder. As it appears to be the fashion of the
Senate to print extra copies of these documents, I
have no hope of arresting this proposition. I shall
simply record my vote against it.
Mr. BORLAND. The Senator from New
Hampshire is, I think, altogether mistaken about
the character of this work. He speaks of our
printing documents about storms and thunder.
fPhis is nothing of the sort, it is, essentially and
eminently, a practical work, by a practical man—
a man of whom it is said expressly, that he has
devoted a lifetime-of intelligent and well-directed
labor to one of the most important subjects that
can be brought before the people of this country— ■;
especially important to all those connected with, or ,!
in any way dependent for safety or for conve-
nience upon, the navigation of our rivers and lakes
by steam. It imbodies the most valuable inform- 1
ation on this subject—information which has been
submitted to the most experienced and scientific ,
men of the country, and who have pronounced '
it extremely valuable. 1 am confident of this. I i
have examined these papers, and the documents ;
that have been presented, and I am of opinion that !
it is a very valuable treatise upon a very import- j
ant subject, and that no opposition ought to be j
made to the printing of it. >
The report of the committee was agreed to.
WORKMEN ON THE CAPITOL.
Mr. HUNTER, from the Committee on Public
Buildings, to which was referred the memorial of
the workmen employed on the extension of the
Capitol,reported a jointresolution toauthorize the
continuance of the work on the two wings of the
Capitol; which was read a first time, and ordered
to a second reading.
Mr. HUNTER. I ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate to have it read a second time now,
and considered by the Senate.
The PRESIDENT. It requires unanimous con-
sent. Is there any objection?
Mr. BORLAND. I regret to make any oppo-
sition to this 
The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator object.
Mr. BORLAND. I wish to state the reason
why I object. I stated yesterday, when this mat-
ter was brought before the Senate, that the subject
involved was undergoing an investigation by a
committee of the House of Representatives. I
was under the impression that a special committee
had been appointed for the purpose of inquiring
into the correctness of the report, that the founda-
tions laid were not secure. It was supposed by
some that these investigations had been abandoned,
and that the gentleman moving for the committee
had become satisfied, and had withdrawn his
proposition. I learn, however, that such is not !
the fact, and that he is still of opinion that the
foundations of the wings are insecure and unsafe;
and he is now pressing the other House for per-
mission to send for persons and papers m order to
inquire into the matter. For that reason I would
be unwilling to see any measure adopted to pro-
vide for the continuance of the work, until that
investigation should be made.
Mr. HUNTER. I would state to my friend
from Arkansas that I have examined into this mat-
ter, as 1 am a member of the Joint Committee on
Public Buildings; and even if the suspicion which
his friend entertains in relation to the foundations
of the wings were true, the passage of this reso-
lution wqyld not affect it much. I have seen the
Architect tins morning, and he does not expect to
carry up the walls until after the first of March,
and then only in fine weather. I apprehend, how-
ever, that there cannot be much doubt as to the
security of the foundations. This resolution, how-
ever, limits the work to be done by the uppiopri-
ation which it makes. The resolution of the Sen-
ator from Michigan [Mr. Cask] left it indefinite, j
1 think that the object of the Senator will not be i
delayed by the passage of this resolution. j
Mr. BORLAND. Under the circumstances i
stated by the Senator from Virginia, I withdraw '
my objection. j
The resolution was read a second time, and the i
Senate proceeded to consider it as in Committee of
the Whole. It is as follows:
Resolved, tVc., That the Secretary of the Interior may
continue in employment, for the construction of tho wings
ol the Capitol, as many of the mechanics! and laborers as can
lie piopeily engaged on the work ; and that the hum of
$10,000 lie, and hereby i*-, appropnated, out of any money in
the Tiea^nry not otherwise appropriated, lor that purpose:
Provided, hou ever, That the walls of the building shall not
be earned up in weather which is unsuitable lor the work.
The resolution was reported to the Senate with-
out amendment, and ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time.
COMPENSATION OF CENSUS MARSHALS.
Mr. BADGER. I am rather late, but I beg the
indulgence of the Senate to allow nie the opportu-
nity now to present some applications from a
few more victims of the " square root " of my
fiiend fiom Kentucky, [Mr. Underwood.] I have
certain petitions, which 1 wish to present, of assist-
ant marshals of North Carolina, praying for assist-
ance and relief from the injurious consequences of
the " square root."
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I have heard of census-
takers being victims of this system until I am tired
of it; and 1 wish to make a very brief statement
to the Senate in regard to the matter. Of the va-
rious memorials which have been presented here ij
from these marshals and assistant marshals, none
of them pretend to state the size of their own conn- i
ties; the number of miles they were required to >!
travel; nor the number of families they had to visit;
but, in general terms, without specifying particu- '
lars, they ask for more pay. All I have to say on 1
the subject is, that the compensation allowed by ,
the last Congress was three dollars for every thirty
miles they traveled. If three dollars is not enough
for thirty miles traveling, the compensation ought
to be increased; but,if it is enough, they have no
right to grumble. Besides, they were allowed
more per head for counting- the population than
was ever allowed under any previous census bill.
The only difficulty growing out of the subject is
in relation to the mileage which they claim; and
it can be demonstrated by this "square root,"
that, when they give the number of families in
their territories, their mileage cannot exceed a cer-
tain amount. • These gentlemen, in their petitions,
withhold the statement of the amount of travel
they have had to perform, and merely claim, in
general terms, more compensation. This is the
truth of the case.
Mr. BADGER. I beg to say that 1 did not in-
tend any real reflection upon the "square root"
of the Senator from Kentucky. It is a very good
root. I have not the least objection to it in the
world. All the objection the marshals in my State
have to it is, that it does not give them a reason-
able and decent compensation for their services.
Some like squares, and some like cubes. It is a
matter of taste altogether. I move to refer the
memorials to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. HALE. I would suggest that the Senate
have not got to the real difficulty. I apprehend
that the truth is, that the marshals have not been
to school long enough to know how to extract the
square root; and hence they do not know exactly
what their compensation is. But, if you put it
down in figures, they will be satisfied. The ex-
planation of the Senator from Kentucky convinces
me of that.
The memorials were referred to the Committee
of Claims.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The PRESIDENT. The hour of one o'clock
having arrived, private bills come up in their
order.
Mr. GWIN. I move to dispense with the order
requiring private business to be taken up to-day,
that we may take up the resolution providing for
the printing of the returns of the Seventh Census.
We have made great progress in the private busi-
ness before the Senate. I suppose we have fiassed
fifty private bills, and have scarcely touched the
general Calendar. This resolution, to which I have
referred, ought to be acted upon. Wehaveto pro-
vide for the printing of the census; and I hope we
will take up the resolution this morning and dis-
pose of it.
Mr. BA DGKR . I hope the motion of the Sen-
ator from California will no! be agreed to. This
day has been set apart by the order of the Senate
for the consideration of private bills, and I hope
the order will be adhered to. The Senator from
California will recollect that we are certain to pass
public bills. There is no doubt about them. But
if we allow private bills to be thiown aside, week
after week, Congress will adjourn without dispos-
ing of the applications of private citizens for jus-
tice from the Government. I hope we will adhere
to the Private Calendar.
Mi. GWIN. I have but a single remark to
make in reply to the Senator from North Carolina.
Never, in the history of the Government, have
so many private bills been passed at such an early
period of the session. We have not passed half
a dozen public bills, while we have passed at least
fifty private bills. Our Calendar of private bills
is nearly clear, and we have passed more private
bills this year than ever before have got back
from the House of Representatives. I am as
much in favor of acting on all these private bills
as the Senator from North Carolina, but I wish
also to attend to the public business. I would
call the attention of the Senate to one fact: Three
or four Senators have the floor with unfinished
speeches on various questions, which will occupy
the whole of next week.
Mr. BADGER. I am one of those who have
unfinished speeches, but I am willing to give up
mv time to private business.
Mr. GWIN. The Senator from Tennessee
[Mr. Bell] has the floor upon an important ques-
tion. The Senator from Rhode Island [Mr.
Clarke] has the floor on his resolutions in regard
to the foreign policy of the Government. The
Senator from Michigan [Mr. Cass] has the floor
on the same subject. The Senator from Illinois
[Mr. Shields] has the floor on the resolution m
