488
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 6,
regard to the Irish exiles. All of these are im-
portant questions, and will occupy the whole of
next w£ek. And, as we are far m advance of the
House in the Private Calendar, I appeal to the
honorable Senator from North Corolina, and to
other members, to take up this resolution and dis-
pose of it to-day, for we shall not be able to do so
next week.
Mr. HALE. I would make a suggestion
which, I think, (if the Senator from California
will give me his attention,) will obviate all diffi-
culties, It strikes me that this resolution, al-
though it purports to be apublie matter, is nothing
more than a private bill for the relief of Donelson
& Armstrong, and should be put upon the Pri-
vate Calendar as such.
Mr. GWIN. I do not care how the object is
accomplished.
- The PRESIDENT. The suggestion cannot be
carried out.
Mr. PEARCE. There is evidently no neces-
sity for pressing the consideration of this resolution
to-day. If it could be passed through both Houses
to-day, there might be some reason in this. Cut
we all know that these returns ivill not be ready
for the printers for a long time to come.
Mr. DOWNS. The Senate well know that I
am very apt to urge the taking up of these private
bills; but 1 do not like to kill a good thing by
having too much of it. "We have certainly passed
a great many private bills this session; ana now,
since we have so many special orders on hand;
since we have so many debates to come up, one
after another, I think we can, without doing in-
justice to private claimants, devote this day to the
consideration of the subject mentioned by the Sen-
ator from California, and get clear of it. We have
some half dozen subjects coming up, one after an-
other. One is debated, and then it goes over, till
we forget all that has been said on it; and when it
is called up again, all that has been said must be
gone over again. We have gone pretty deep into
tins printing matter. We went into the merits of
the subject yesterday, lint if it is postponed, and
not acted on to-day, everything that was said yes-
terday must be gone over again. I therefore
hope that the motion of the Senator from Califor-
nia will be agreed to.
Mr.'BUTLER. If we have rules, I hope we
will observe them. I come here to-day for the
purpose of attending to some private claims. I
have none for my own State, but there are private
claims, which appeal to the justice and liberality
of the Senate, and which ought to be attended to—
claims that are founded far more ill justice, than
the one now urged upon the pretext of being a
public measure, when in fact it is a private bill. I
do not intend, by my vote, to give a preference to
this resolution to appropriate money to these gen-
tlemen, before applicants, who are standing at the
door there, and whom I have just left, appealing
to the justice of the Semite. I hope, if we ha->e
rules, that we will observe them.
The PRESIDENT. It is not a rule, but mere-
ly an order, which requires Friday to be set apart
for the consideration of private bills.
Mr. BORLAND. I desire to call the attention
of the Senate to the fact that I urged upon them
some time ago, when a similar proposition was
under consideration, that these discussions are the
strongest argument we can have for observing the
order of bustnes.s upon the Calendar. 1 believe it
was the general understanding that we should
pursue the order of business upon the Calendar,
and take up subjects as they are in their order. I
would remind Senators now, as I did on a former
occasion, that it has almost uniformly been the
case, when propositions of this sort are moved,
that more time is consumed in discussing the
question, whether we will disregard the rules, and
take up business out of order, or follow the Cal-
endar, than would be consumed in passing the
measures themselves. I do hope that we will fol-
low the rule that has been adopted, and take up
business upon the Calendar in regular order. "We .
shall then do justice to all parties, and advance
more rapidly the public business, than by this ir-
regular mode of proceeding.
^r'i w'TCHISON. 1 trust the order of the Sen-
ate will be adhered to. The Senator from Louisi-
ana is not so unsophisticated in this business as
he has been charged to be. I think that that Sen-
ator was not present on the last private bill day;
and we hail previously, I believe, disposed of most
of the private bills in which he was interested. I
believe we had disposed of all the private bills in
which he felt an interest, except one, and I am
told that that looks very squally, and that it is
doubtful whether or not it will pass. I do not
make any charge against the Senator from Louisi-
ana. I know that he is generous. I know that
he, of all men, is least implored by supplicants;
but still, without knowing it, these things do
operate, even upon the oldest, the most grave
and the most honest Senators. I have felt these
little anxieties myself, about having private or
public bills, in which I have felt an interest,
taken up and disposed of, without paying regard
to the convenience or the wishes of my fellow
members of the Senate. I am willing to make all
my own business special orders, and give them pre-
cedence over all other bills: and when the business
which I have specially under my care is disposed
of, 1 feel the utmost indifference as to what shall
be done in regard to other bills.
Now, we made an order at the commencement
of this session, at the instance of my friend from
Maryland, [Mr. Pratt,] and my friend from
Louisiana, setting apart this day for the consider-
ation of private claims. They were the principal
advocates of that order. And now, the Senator
from Louisiana is the first man who is willing to
dispense with it, for the purpose, as was well re-
marked by the Senator from South Carolina, of
taking up a mixed matter, that is partly private
and partly public. The printing of the census re-
turns is a public consideration; but who shall do
it—the gentlemen named in the resolution, or
others—is certainly a private matter to them. I
think it has been demonstrated that there is no ne-
cessity of hurry in regard to that resolution. The
printing of the census returns may as well be or-
dered next week, or six weeks from this time, as
now.
Mr. DOWNS. The Senate may rest assured
that I could not have been actuated by the motives
which the Senator seems to suppose; because it
happens that on last Friday I was absent, when I
ought to have been here; and on that day the only
bill in which I felt any particular interest was
postponed on account of my absence. So that if
1 had any interested feeling about this matter, it
would lead me to favor the taking up of private bills
to-day, in order to remedy my negligence on last
Friday. I think the inducement which I stated at
first was sufficient. I think we ought to take up
this measure and dispose of it. There is no ur-
gency m regard to these private bills. No gentle-
man has named any particular bill which requires
action at this moment. We have already passed
as many private bills as will occupy the House of
Representatives for some months to come. I want
this resolution to be disposed of. Let us vote on
it at once. Let us not be lighting it off in this
way. We have had talking enough about it; and
1 want gentlemen to come up to the mark and vote
on it, and tell us what they are going to do in re-
lation to it. If they intend to vote against it, let
them do so. They have a perfect right to do so.
But let the resolution be disposed of at once; and
then let us go on with other business. Every one
understands the resolution. Every one knows
what it is. It has been discussed sufficiently. Let
us dispose of it at once and go on with other busi-
ness. I hope that it will be taken up and acted
upon to-day.
Mr. SOULE called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered; and being taken, resulted—
yeas 16, nays 28; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bradbury, Biodhead, Clemens, Dodge
of Wisconsin, Dod§e of Iowa, Douglas, Downs, Feicli,
Gwm, Houston, Jones of Iowa, King, Mallory, Rusk, Se-
bastian, and Shields—16.
NAYS—Messrs. Atclnson, Tiadgcr, Borland, Cutler,
Olaike, Davis, Dawson, Fish, Foot, Geyer, Hale, Hamlin,
Hunter. James, Jones of Tennessee, Mason, Miller, Mor-
ton, Peaice, Pratt, Heiraul, Smith, S011I6, JSpruance, Sum-
ner, Underwood, Upiiam, and Wade—28.
IRA DAY.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of the
bill for the relief of Ira Day, of Vermont. This
bill was under consideration by the Senate as in
Committee of the Whole on Friday last when
the Senate adjourned, after agreeing to a motion
to strike out the words " together with the interest
thereon."
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator from Delaware
takes considerable interest in this bill, and I should
like to observe that he is obtaining some inform-
ation in relation to it. I therefore desire, as that
Senator is not in his seat, that the bill may be
passed over for the present. I have been told that
he had ascertained that there was an adverse opin-
ion of the Attorney General in a case precisely
similar, and that there have been two adverse re-
ports in this very case. I do not know that this
is so. I liave been told so; and if_that is so, I
think we ought to pass the bill over until the Sen-
ator from Delaware may be in his place.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will state that
when a motion is made to take from the files of
the Senate any memorials or papers, an adverse
report having been made, the Chair puts the ques-
tion; and according to a rule of proceeding here,
these papers cannot be again presented unless they
are accompanied by new matter, and some cause
be shown by the party presenting them why they
should not have been so reported upon.
A Senator. There has been no adverse report
in this case.
Mr. HUNTER. I know nothing about the
matter personally. All I know is what I have
learned from the Senator from Delaware.
Mr. UPH AM. There has never been any ad-
verse report in this case.
Mr. RUSK. I do not know of any adverse
report. There have been,ifl recollect aright, two
or three favorable reports in this ease.
Mr. UPHAM. There was one occasion on
which the committee were discharged from the
further consideration of this matter; but there
never was an adverse report.
The consideration of the bill was passed over
informally.
DAVID C. CASH AND GILES U. ELLIS.
The Senate then proceeded, as in Committee of
the Whole, to the consideration of a bill for the
relief of David C. Cash and Giles U. Ellis. This
was a bill from the House of Representatives, with
an accompanying report, synopses of which have
already appeared in the Globe. It was adversely
reported upon by the Senate Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
The PRESIDENT. Will the Senate agree to
the report?
Mr. BADGER. The question, I suppose, does
not come up upon the report, because the bill is
before us.
The PRESIDENT. The bill is before the
Senate.
Mr. BADGER. I suppose the Senate will sig-
nify their concurrence in the report by rejecting
the bill.
The PRESIDENT. That is precisely the
question. If they reject the bill they will concur
in the report.
Mr. BADGER. I would like to hear the report
read.
The PRESIDENT. There is no written report
from the Senate committee. There is a report from
the House committee. The Senate committee
have merely reported by an indorsement upon the
bill. Let the bill be read.
The bill was accordingly read.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair has already
stated that there is a report made by the House
Committee on Military Affairs, and it will be read
if any Senator desires it.
; Mr. RUSK Let the report be read.
j The report, was read accordingly.
I Mr. SHIELDS. The Committee on Military
i Affairs reported adversely on this case, but have
! made no written report. One reason for not pre-
] senting a written report was, that m a case of this
: kind, it is almost impossible to do so; and another
reason was, that the report of the committee of
| the House of Representatives, which has just been
! read, is of such a character, that had we made a
written report, we must have contradicted that
report.
; This is an old case, which has been before the
; Senate often. Cash acted as a deputy quarter-
master, and Ellis as a deputy commissary. They
obtained supplies and material from the Govern-
ment to avery large amount, and they signed them-
selves in this capacity, one as deputy quarter-
master, and the other as deputy commissary, and
they distributed, God knows how much, for they
do not pretend to tell. When they came to settle
their accounts with the Department, the Depart-
ment asked them for some vouchers for the appli-
cation of the supplies they had received; but it
