2264
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 19,
answer his colleague on the committee. I do not
assail him. I shall not do it.
,Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman is assailing,
the action ofthe Committee ofWaysand Means,
Mr. BAYLY. Yes,- sir, it was irregular. No
member of this House who understands the rela-
tions between the Executive and Congress, or
who understands proper official etiquette, will ever
go mousing about the bureaus and clerks' offices
to get his information. It is his duty to go to
headquarters. And, sir, if I was the Secretary
of'the Navy and the head of'one of my bureaus
was to undertake to answer inquiries in relation
to the duties of my Department, I would rebuke
him for it severely .
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. Will the gen-
tleman allow me to state the fact, that the" written
statement of the head of the bureau asks for the
appropriations as I have stated', and that the gen-
tleman from Missouri relies upon verbal statements
made in conversation.
Mr. BAYLY. I have no doubt of it, and that
shows the impropriety of this House listening to
a mere private conversation with the head of a
bureau in place of responsible and official com-
munications from the head of the Department. If
you depart from responsible official statements
for which public officers can be held responsible,
and go to acting "upon such information as the
fentleman from Missouri, who undertakes to re-
uke me, comes here upon, you are sure to be de-
ceived and misled.
Mr. PHELPS. Now, sir, when that gentle-
man undertakes to say that a member of the Na-
tional Legislature can go nowhere but to a Secre-
tary to obtain information upon those matters on
which he is to legislate, he has misrepresented
the American people and the. character of ah
American legislator.
Mr. FITCH. I call the. gentleman to order,
I think we have had enough of this.
Mr. PHELPS. The Committee will bear with
me for one word further. I regret that anything
of an unfriendly nature has occurred irt this com-
mittee. But I am only defending myself and my
own action, and if I have cast 'an arrow, it has
been because an arrow has been first hurled at me.
Mr, BAYLY. You began it yourself.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I call both
the gentlemen to order. 1 think it is a fair set-off
now.
Mr. PHELPS. I will now confine my remarks
to the subject-matter before the committee, and I
trust, without indulging in any personality. There
has been enough of it. It is contrary to my nature.
I desire nothing of the kind. The gentleman from
Virginia took occasion to refer to the manner in
which the Committee of Ways and Means had
cut down these estimates. Now, I find that when
he was chairman of the committee he struck out
one of the very items of appropriation which the
committee has now stricken out. Does the gen-
tleman recollect that >
Mr. BAYLY. The rejection of that item by
the Committee of Ways and Means was after a
communication from the Secretary of the Navy,
in which the points were indicated where these
reductions could be made.
Mr. PHELPS. Very well. I hold in my hands
the estimates submitted at the last session of Con-
gress. It was brought directly before the House,
the same item being stricken out. Why did not
the Committee of Ways and Means embrace it
then, instead of throwing it over to this session?
You could dispense with it then, and we can dis-
pense with it now. Thatis one of the items which
we have stricken out. The information in relation
to the estimates submitted by the Secretaries, is
collected from each bureau under their control.
XJuder their authority, each bureau is required to
submit all the estimates which it believes are ne-
cessary for all purposes in carrying1 on the affairs
of the Government; and if it is thought necessary
to strike down any of these estimates, the matter
is submitted to the Secretary,and finally sent bark
to the chief of the bureau, under whose control it
comes for reduction.
Mr. POLK. Has not the Committee of Ways
and Means, in the estimates they have submitted
to this House, reduced the estimates as furnished
by the Secretary of the Navy, more than thirty
per cent. ?
Mr. PHELPS. They have not reduced them
more than thirty per cent.; however, I cannot re-
fer to the exact amount at this moment. I have it
here on my desk, but' it takes some time to refer
to it, and as a matter of course, too much to be
accomplished in a five minutes-speech. • Why
does the Com'mittee„on Naval Affairs come here,
and ask to have them restored ?
Mr. POLK. As one of the members of that
committee, 1 will tell the gentleman the grounds
on which their action has beenfounded.
Mr. PHELPS. I.cannot yield to the gentle-
man now.
Mr. BAYLY. With "the consent of the com-
mittee;" I will withdraw my amendment.
There being no objection, the amendment was
withdrawn. - *
"Mr-. DUNHAM moved to amend the amend-
ment, by reducing the amount
Mr. D'. said: Mr. Chairman, I am a member of
the Committee of Ways and Means, as is \yell
known to this House. I have yet to learn "what
is the duty of a committee of this House, if the
estimates of the Secretary and the estimates of
your bureaus are to be sent to this House, and we
have nothing to do but to ratify the decrees that
come to us from the Departments. If this is to
be our duty, we had better go home to our con-
stituents, than to be sitting hereparrying out this
useless expenditure. I believe I was not sent here
for that purpose. My-constituents sent me here
to look after the affairs of Government, and in
doing so, to exercise my judgment in my legisla-
tive capacity in looking after the estimates sent "to
this House, and the appropriations which we are
asked to sanction', which my constituents help to
pay into the Treasury. And 1 ask, Mr. Chair-
man, if this is not just what we are doing? What
is the Committee of Ways and Means appointed
for? Why do you send your bills to your com-
mittees, if you do not expect them to examine
those bills, and to have recourse to all proper
sources for information, and then upon that inform-
ation to form their judgment, and report that
judgment to the House. And I have yet to learn
that it is improper, when we come here with all
the means of information, .to resort to an.y means
which are not discourteous or illegal, in order to
see what is right and what is wrong.
• Mr, GOODENOW. I rise to a question of
order. I submit that the gentleman is out of or-
der. He is-defending the Committee of Ways
and Means, and not advocating the amendment
he tots offered. I for one am satisfied that the
Committee of Ways and Means have discharged
their duty, but I wish to interpose an objection to
this kind of debate. We are called upon at this
late period in the session to attend to important
business, and I shall interpose objections to any
unnecessary discussion.
Mr. DUNHAM. If members of this House
would be as anxious to examine into these mat-
ters as are the Committee ol* Ways and Means,
they would have the information necessary to act
upon.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I wish to say
that I am not disposed to censure the Committee
of Ways and Means, in exercising their judgment
in reference to this appropriation.
Mr. DUNHAM. Mr. Chairman, I desire to
know who is entitled to the floor.
The CHAIRMAN. The time of the gentle-
man from Indiana has expired. The gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Stanton] is entitled to the
floor.
Mr. McMULLIN. I move that the committee
do now rise.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I believe I am
entitled to the floor. I was proceeding to say, that
I do not censure the Committee of Ways and
Means for exercising their judgment in reference
to appropriations, nor for varying the estimates
of the Navy Department; but I hold them respon-
sible for a correct exercise of that judgment. That
is the only difficulty—that is the only question of
difference between the Committee of Ways and
Means and the Committee on Naval Affairs. The
judgment of the Committee of Ways and Means
is one way, and the judgment of the Committee
on Naval Affairs is another.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I call the
gentleman to order. He is not speaking to the
amendment at all.
Mr. McMULLIN. I move that the committee
do now rise.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. .DUNHAM. With the consent of the com-
mittee I withdraw my amendment.
There being no objection, the amendment was
withdrawn.
The question was then taken or* Mr. Stanton7b
amendment, and it was not agreed to—aye3 36,
noes not counted.
Mr.'STANTON, of Tennessee, under the ,in-
structions of the Committee on Naval Affairs, of-
fered the following amendment:
In line ninety eight, after word " saw-mill," insert:
Commander's house; house for officers ; lime, pitch, and
coal-house j paving gutters, and flagging; filling in timber
pond—
and increase the amount to $162,000; so that the
section would read;
New York, New York: To complete saw-mill, com-
mander's house, house of officers, lime, pitch, and eoal-
honse, paving gutters and flagging, filling in timber pond,
quay wall, dredging channels, water tank, and lighter gas
pipes and fixtures, lightning conductors, continuation of
sewer, machinery, &c., for engine house, and repairs of all
kinds, $162,000.
Mr. S. said: The same explanation applies to
this as to the amendment just voted down".
Mr. PHELPS. The Committee of Ways and
Means, upon examination of the estimates for this
item, reduced them to the amount specified in the
bill. I will only remark further, that in the defi-
ciency bill the sum of $95,000 was appropriated
to be expended at the Brooklyn navy-yard.
Mr. BOWNE. I wish to call the attention of
the committee to one fact.
The CHAIRMAN. Further debate is not in
order upon the amendment.
Mr. BOWNE. " Then I move to increase the
appropriation §300. I- do it for the purpose of
calling the attention of the committee to this fact.
I find in cutting down the estimates for the navy-
yard at Memphis, here at Washington, and in
the most-unimportant points in the country, they
reduced about twenty-five or thirty per cent., but
when we come to the navy-yard at Brooklyn*
these estimates are cut down some fifty per cent.
Now,<it is well known that there is not a ship
fitted out in the United States that does not have
to come to Brooklyn to be completed.
Mr. DUNHAM. I did not know that officers*
houses were very necessary in fitting out ship®
for sea. [Laughter.] But, as my colleague [Mr.
Phelps] has already stated, one reason why the
appropriations or estimates were cut dotfn more
for Brooklyn than for the points'to -which the gen-
tleman has alluded, was that there was a very
large appropriation for that point even now.
The question was taken, and the amendment
wasjiot agreed to.
Mr. FLORENCE, under instructions of the
Committee on Naval Affairs, offered the following
amendment:
In line one hundred and six, after the word " kettles,"
insert:
Extension of pier wharf No. 4; filling up and grading—
and increase appropriation to $59,248 20; so that
the section would .read as follows r
" Philadelphia, Pennsylvania : For. stied to cover north
railway, covering to south railway, steam-box and pitch-
kettles, extension of pier wharf No. 4, filling up and grad-
ing, mooring anchors for dry-doek, dredging channel, con>-
tinumg pavement to wharf, cross-paving to smithery, and
-from thence to the dock basin, paving round west end of
ship-bonse, paving wharf No. 3 to ship house, paving be-
tween ways of dock, paving between timber sheds, com-
pleting gutters and drains, completing shed No. 5, extend-
ing gas pipes, &c., extending water pipes one thousand
feet, and repairs of all kinds, $59,k448 20."
Mr. FLORENCE said: I have but little doubt
it is almost unnecessary for me to occupy time,
or to say much in favor of or upon the subject of
the amendment which I have offered. Indeed,
when I shall have briefly explained the necessity,
the absolute necessity, sir, there is for the ap-
propriation, I anticipate it will be sustained,
rather than opposed, by the Committee of Ways
and Means. I desire to say, because it is my
duty to do so, that the Philadelphia navy-yard is
in my district, and I have some knowledge of its
situation and of the protection necessary to secure
the public property deposited there. The appro-
priation for the building of pier wharf No. 4 was
asked in the estimate submitted from the Navy
Department. By the instruction of the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs—whose attention was called
to the fact that the appropriation was stricken out
by the Committee of Ways and Means, as well
as the amount for the paving and grading neces-
sary to put the navy-yard in a condition to ren-
