1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1401
advised by a member of the Committee on Ways
and Means of the House, who says the applica-
tion has been made again this session to that com-
mittee, and they have expressly refused to sanc-
tion it. Here, then, in the face of the fact that the
application is made to Congress year after year,
and Congress has refused, explicitly and directly,
to sanction any such allowance, this claimant goes
round, and, by getting a certificate here, and a cer-
tificate there, as to what was in the mind of the
members of the committee which reported the bill,
and in the mind of the draftsman who drafted it,
gets the Secretary of the Navy to pay him §3,000
a year. But this is not the worst part of the case,
for the Comptroller of the Treasury, in the report,
which he makes justifying the allowance, does not
pretend that there is any express provision of law
justifying it; but he thinks that the legislation
which has been had heretofore leaves it discre-
tionary with the Secretary of the Navy. I will
read it. He says:
"The acts of 1850 and 1851, though they make appro-
priations for the continued preparation of the almanac,
do not, in terminclude in this appropriation the pay of the
superintendent; but the provision for the appointment of
the officer, contatned in the act of 1845), of course remained
in force, and the amount appropriated it> the full suin called
for by the estimates, which did include this item at the same
rate as before. If any distinction is, theiefore, to be drawn
between the act of 1849, and those of '50 and '51,1 think
the most that can be said is, that the latter leave the patf-
ment of the superintendent, as well as the amount to be paid
him, to the discretion of the Secretary of the Navy."
'f hen, what is your act of 1835 worth ? What
is your provision, that no compensation except
what is provided by a certain act, shall be paid to
an officer of the Navy, or any other officer, worth,
if, upon estimates filed away in his Department,
the Comptroller of the Treasury certifies that the
officers of the Navy are not entitled to the com-
pensation provided by law, but that it rests in the
discretion of the Secretary of the Navy whether to
pay them or not, an extra compensation? I have
no hope to remedy this. Abuse after abuse of
this sort may be exposed, and the answer, as the
chairman of the Committee on Finance [Mr.
Hunter] well said to me, is, that this is a great
country, and it is a small business to be looking
after these things. But here is one case which I
have brought to the attention of the Senate. I
have not brought it upon any doubtful rumors. I
have brought it upon official records of the De-
partment, which are printed by order of the Sen-
ate, and laid on our tables, by which it seems to
me, in contempt of the legislation of Congress—
not only in violation, but in contempt of it—money
is taken from the Treasury and paid out; and the
officer who is set there to guard the Treasury, in-
stead of enforcing the provisionsof the act limiting
the salaries, comes to the conclusion that it rests
within the discretion of the Secretary to pay such
a salary or not.
Mr. HUNTER. Did the Senator state that I
said this was a small matter?
Mr. HALE. No, sir, T did not say any such
thing. If the Senator had listened to what 1 said,
he would have found that it was complimentary.
I said the Senator from Virginia told me, in a pri-
vate conversation that I had with him, that the
common answer to such things as this would be,
that this is a great country; and they could not be
corrected. That is what I said.
B,ut if the construction which the officers put on
the act be tiue, the salary of this officer is $4,500
a year, for the estimate justifies it, because itsays,
$3,000 a year for paying the superintendent. Well,
sir, the superintendent is lieutenant in the Navy;
his salary is $1,500 a year. An estimate is put
in for his payment as lieutenant, and $3,000 for
the superintendent. Then his salary is $4,500 a
year, instead of §3,000. But compromise is the
order of the day; and he being entitled by law to
$1,500, and an attempt made to complain of it,
they take a middle course, and give him $3,000,
which is neither justified by law nor by the esti-
mates.
But I want to call the attention of the Senate to
this matter, because it seems to me to involve a
most dangerous and alarming principle; for esti-
mates may be placed upon the files of a Depart-
ment, and when they come and ask for a greater
compensation than is provided by law—ask Con-
gress to put the appropriation for an increase of
salary in the law, and Congress refuse to do so,
the head of the Department may pay it by virtue
of the estimates! What, then, becomes of the
provision of the Constitution, that no money shall
be paid out of the Treasury except by a provision
of law? This payment has not gone through the
forms of law. It has the sanction of the Comp-
troller of the Treasury; but letit have the sanction
of as many officers as it may, I ask every Senator
to look at it, and see if it is not as flagrant a vio-
lation of the Constitution as could be perpetrated.
My amendment goes further. I want to cut off
all extra compensations. If you look at the doc-
ument, which has been laid on our table, you will
find that every gentleman receiving extra compen-
sation has it by a provision tucked into a general
appropriation bill. One had his salary raised from
$1,500 to $3,000, by the naval appropriation act
of August 3, 1848; another had it raised from
$1,500 to $3,000 by the naval appropriation act of
March 3,1849, and estimates; another had it raised
from $1,500 to $2,500 by the naval appropriation
act of March 3, 1851; another had it raised from
$1,500 to $3,000 by the naval appropriation act of
March 3, 1851; and so on. All were tucked into
these bills. Nobody knows anything about it;
and thus these subordinate bureaus are multiply-
ing on your hands. The whole thing is unjust
and wrong. J t is wrong to the other officers of the
Navy. Those officers who go abroad, leave their
families, and leave their country, to do foreign
duty and sea service, ought to be the ones, if any,
who should receive extra compensation. But
these provisions are made in the first place as a
matter of favoritism. An individual does not
want to go to sea; he may be infirm, and for that
or for some other reason, gets shore duty; and
the next thing is, he is stuck into an appropriation
bill, and his salary raised, by a general law, to an
equality with some of the bureaus, until it turns
out that we have three officers on shore receiving
$3,000 a year, one $2,500 a year, and three re-
ceiving $1,500 a year, which is more than the pay
allowed them by the act of March 3, 1835. it is
to remedy this that I have submitted the amend-
ment.
Mr. BADGER. I have a very decided objec-
tion to the amendment which the honorable Sen-
ator from New Hampshire has proposed to this
bill; but the objection which I have to the amend-
ment is very feeble and small compared to the ob-
jection which I have to the style of argumentative
denunciation with which he has supported it. That
Senator seems on every occasion, on any subject
before the Senate, whether it relates to the Navy
or not, to seize on every occasion, in season and
out of season, to cast imputations on the adminis-
tration of that Department, under the charge of
every gentleman who has had the superintendence
of it. It is not long since he entertained the Senate
with an account of the wonderful, gross, abomina-
ble, and outrageous increase affixed to the pay of
officers in violation of the act of 1835, and he as-
serted over and over again, that the particular
thing to which he referred was the increase of the
compensation of officers, in direct defiance of and
contrary to the law, without any sanction or sup-
port whatever. I believe it was pretty evident, at
the time of the discussion on that occasion, that
the Senator was entirely mistaken. The Senator
seems to think, or at least he argues as if he thought,
that the act of 1835 had become, by the subsequent
legislation of Congress, a constitutional provision,
and that because that law declares that the com-
pensation then given to the officers of the Navy
should be in full for all their services, and no extra
allowance should be made to them, it was there-
fore incompetent, forbidden, wrong, an abuse,
that any subsequent act of Congress should au-
thorize anything to be done which could not be
lawfully done under the act of 1835.
Now, I think I shall be able to show that the
Senator's assault to-day, upon the administration
of the Navy Department, is but very little better
founded, if at all, than the assault which he made
with regard to the furniture of the Government
houses. What is the state of the case? If the
Senator had read, as I asked him to do, the very
clear, though very brief and satisfactory opinion
of the Comptroller, if he had read the whole of it,
the statement of that officer would have refuted,
completely refuted, the argument he has urged,
and the objection he has made.
Now, allow me to read it:
<e I have examined ihe question involved in the claim of
Lieutenant Davis, superintendent of the Nautical Almanac,
and am of opinion that his salary should be allowed at the
rate of $3,800 per annum.
"In the naval appropriation act of March 3d, 1849. it is
provided ' that a competent officer of the Navy, not below
the grade of lieutenant, be charged with the duty of pre*
paring the Nautical Almanac for publication.9*.
" The bill also contains an appropriation of $6,000 for the
purposes of the Almanac, ' including pay of superintend-
ent of the same.' The estimates for this'item called For
the exact amount appropriated, specifying $3,000 as the
proposed salary of the superintendent.
"It is very clear that this bill provides for the appointment
of an officer of the Navy as superintendent, and also con-
templates that he should be paid as superintendent, and not
as an offieer. And though the amount of his salary is not
specified m the act, yet, as the appropriation followed Ihe
estimate in amount and particulars, and the estimates
included this salary at $3,000, it is proper to infer that the
1 pay ' mentioned in the act was intended to be the amount
called for m the estimates; or, at all events, that it was
intended to leave the amount to be paid the superintendent
to the fhscietion of the Secretary of the Navy, within the
limits of the sum appropriated. And, as appears from the
letter of the Secretary herewith, tiie allowance of $3,080
for this salary has been approved by him,"
Now, sir, a little attention to, and amplification
of this condensed and brief argument of the Comp-
troller, will be sufficient to show that in the allow-
ance of the salary he acted rightly, and that there
is no ground for the objection taken by the Sen-
ator fiom New Hampshire. In the first place, an
estimate was made by the Department, calling for
an appropriation for the preparation of a Nautical
Almanac, and proposing the sum of $3,000 as the
amount of compensation to be paid to the officer
who should have charge of it. In the naval ap-
propriation bill, following out this estimate of the
Department, it is provided that a competent officer
of the Navy, not below the grade of lieutenant,
shall be charged with the duty of preparing such
almanac, and an appropriation of $6,000 is made
to meet the expenditure thus incurred, including
the pay of the superintendent of this work. It is
demonstrable by this provision, that Congress in-
tended that this officer should be paid as a super-
intendent of this work, and not merely as a lieu-
tenant. That is clear; because the appropjiation
for the pay of the officers, included in the same
bill, embraced the pay of every officer in the Navy
—every one of them; and the act which has been
referred to, expressly directed that an " officer of
the Navy," and no other, should be selected to
superintend the preparation of the almanac, and
then makes an appropriation to pay him as a su-
perintendent. I say it is therefore demonstrable that
Congress intended that he should be paid in his
character of superintendent. Why ? Because if he
received nothing but his pay as an officer, then the
appropriation to pay him as a superintendent was
entirely useless. There was already, in the gen-
eral appropriation bill, an appropriation for paying
him as an officer, as well as for paying every other
officer in the Navy. If, therefore, that provision
was not intended to authorize his payment as a
superintendent, no appropriation at all should have
been made. It should have been simply provided
that the Secretary of the Navy should assign to
some competent officer the discharge of this duty,
and that for the incidental expenses so much money
should be appropriated. But what is the language
of the act? It is thatii the Secretary of the Navy
shall appoint an officer of the Navy," for whose
services the amount of pay is mentioned in this
very bill; and the sum of $6,000 is appropriated
for the purpose of having this almanac made, in-
cluding the pay of the officer who was to super-
intend it.
Now, I undertake to say, that by any other in-
terpretation, so far as I am able to see, this provis-
ion is absurd, and would impute to Congress the
gross ignorance of not knowing that, when an
officer was assigned to a particular duty, it is not
necessary to make an appropriation to pay.him,
because there is already in the general appropria-
tion bill, an appropriation for the express purpose
of paying every officer of the Navy. Again: the
Secretary was not limited to the corps of lieuten-
ants for the selection of this officer; he had the right
to select a commander; he had the right to select
a-captain; therefore, when this act provides that
he shall select an officer, not below the grade of
lieutenants, to take charge of the preparation of the
Nautical Almanac, and makes a specific appropri-
ation of a certain sum to cover the expenses, and
to cover the pay of the superintendent himself, as
superintendent, it is demonstrable that it was in-
tended that—all these officers, commanders, cap-
tains, and lieutenants being already provided for
in the specific appropriation for this purpose—the
person selected for this duty was to be paid as
superintendent, and not as an officer of the Navy
