1402
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 20,
There was an extreme propriety in this. The duty
"with which this officer was to be charged, is not
a duty of*an officer of the Navy. A man may
be a most admirable officer of the Navy, and yet
he totally disqualified to discharge this duty. 1
question whether any of the captains who signal-
ized themselves, and covered the country with
"glory in the late war with England—I question
whether any English Admiral, Vincent or Nelson
themselves—would have been competent to dis-
charge the duty of superintending the preparation
of this Nautical Almanac; it is a matter of science;
it is a matter of skill; it is a matter requiring large
attainments, in a department not necessarily con-
nected with the ordinary duties of a naval officer.
The intention of Congress, when it passed this
act, therefore, was, that the Secretary of the Navy
should look through all the various grades, from
a lieutenant up, and find the man that had the
necessary scientific attainments, which would en-
able him to discharge this high and important duty;
and then it made an appropriation to pay him as
superintendent only, in order that he might be re-
spectably and sufficiently remunerated.
Now, the Senator from New Hampshire [Mr.
Hale] says that, acting on the process of inter-
pretation here, this lieutenant ought to have been
paid $4,500. How does he make that out? "Why,
as this very respectable and intelligent gentleman
has stated—and this is the first paper of his I ever
saw—it was the clear intention of Congress that
he should be paid as superintendent, hot as an
officer of the Navy. Although he retained his
commission, he was, for the time, detached from
the performance of the functions of an officer of
the Navy, and placed in the discharge of the scien-
tific function of superintending the preparation of
this almanac; and in this capacity he was to he
paid, and not otherwise. The whole argument,
then, comes to this: Congress did not think it was
right or generous to require a highly-scientific and
accomplished officer of the Navy, when placed m
the discharge of this duty, to throw up his com-
mission in the Navy. It would have been an af-
front on his honor to propose it. Now, m a time
of peace he might, without any imputation of
being derelict to the duty which he owes to his
country, devote himself to the discharge of this
great scientific duty; but if a war were to occur,
he would, no doubt, as every gallant officer would,
prefer his claim to be employed in his proper and
appropriate vocation: to sustain the honor, and to
vindicate the rights of his country. And Congress
intended to leave him in that position; not only to
be employed as a scientific man, as the superin-
tendent of this nautical work, but still liable to be
called on to do duty on the ocean, in the mainte-
nance of his national rights, nnd to discharge what
he would consider, as every high-minded officer
does, not merely a duty, hut a privilege.
The Senator from New Hampshire [Mi. I-Talk]
speaks of these estimatesas beingstuffed away, or
some such expression, in the Navy Department:
as being concealed, unknown, uncommurncated.
What is his authority for that statement ? None,
sir, none. The Comptroller,therefore, as \ think,
was not only fully justified, hut required, to put
this interpretation on the law. He was compelled
to say that this appropriation was intended to
cover the pay of this?gentleman as superintendent;
that he could not be confined to his pay us nn offi-
cer, because thnt was provided fin* in the bill, and
in this view, this provision would have been super-
fluous. Being withdrawn from the performance
of his duties as an officer, it was m the contem-
plation of the law that he should be paid as super-
intendent of this work, just as if he had been a I
private citizen. This involves no violation of the |
policy oftheact of 1835. Not at nil. In passing !
that law, we did not surrender our right to judire ,
whether, in
any particular instance or case, it
might be proper to assign any other duties to an
officer. It was intended to cut off those extra
allowances which were ordinarily made in the De- :
partments; some in the exercise of the depart- 1
mental authority, and others under general laws, i
and to fix a scale of compensation" that should j
stand in lieu of these allowances. That was all.
Congress, therefore, from time to time, have per- j
mitted officers to receive such additional compen- ;
sation as they deemed to be right. The evil to be ,
remedied in the Departments, was the receipt of i
these allowances without authority. That was j
the evil. 1
Mr. HALE. Exactly.
Mr. BADGER. The Senator on one side, and
the Comptroller and myself on the other, are at
issue as to what was the intention and meaning
of this act. The Senator has failed, I think, to
make it appear that it was merely intended to pay
Mr. Davis as an officer; and until he has suc-
ceeded in showing that, it is in vain for him to
allege that it is an abuse that this sum should have
been paid.
So much in regard to this subject of discussion.
This amendment, I think, is highly objection-
able. It seeks at once to strike off this additional
compensation from certain officers of the Navy,
to whom, I believe, everybody, with the excep-
tion, perhaps, of the Senator from New Hamp-
spire, [Mr. Hale,] thought that the additional
compensation was just and proper. Here is a dis-
tinguished gentleman now at the head of the Ob-
servatory. I believe there was no difference of
opinion in the Senate on the proposition to give
him a compensation suitable to the post that he
occupies, and the high and important duties which
he discharges—duties to which very few men in
this world are competent, and which he has dis-
charged with so much honor as to give a just con-
sciousness of pride to every American, while he
has placed himself, and with himself, his country,
in a higher position, scientifically, than it ever oc-
cupied previous to his discoveries. So, also, with
regard to Mr. Dahlg en, a gentleman who received
his allowance by the express vote of the Senate;
that is, by a lefusal of the Senate to strike out the
allowance which had been inserted by the House
of Representatives. Why should this compensa-
tion now be taken from him ? Why should it be
taken from the gentleman charged with the super-
intendence of the Nautical Almanoc? Ife is one
of the most gifted and scientific men in this coun-
try. Why should we, under the general idea of
breaking a lance against abuses, strike off allow-
ances of this kind, which are not abuses? allow-
ances made with the sanction of Congress; allow-
ances which are highly useful and setviceable to
the country, and which furnish the only meansby
which we can accomplish two objects of great im-
portance in a country where naval promotion is
so exceedingly slow—to furnish to those gifted
men in the Navy, who have high and distinguished
powers, the means of exerting them with credit to
the country, and to furnish them a reasonable
compensation while doing so?
I hope the Senate will not concur in the amend-
ment.
Mr. HALE. If the honorable Senator from
North Carolina supposes that I entertained the re-
motest iden that. I could make any impression upon
his mind, to induce him to go with me to reform
what I believe ro he a most palpable abuse, he is
exceedingly mistaken; I hml no such vain hope.
The Senator undertakes to illustrate the absurdity
of my position by alluding to a former effort which
I made to corrcct another abuse, and he s tys that
he believes when that discussion ended, it ended
in my discomfiture, because every: oily was satis-
fied that I was entirely wrong. Now, 1 do not
know how anybody felt after ihat discussion, ex-
cept the Senator from North Carolina and myself.
I was satisfied that I had exposed to the Senate a
most glar. 'i>, a^use. I know ( did not satisfy the
Secretary of the Navy of it; T know that the Sen-
ate did nothing but to ratify that abuse, knowing
that it had existed for years. I was not, there-
fore, astonished to find that the Secretary of the
Navy was raising the salaries by his own mere
motion, from §,1,500 to $3,000 per annum, and
that the Comptioller of the Treasury has sanc-
tioned the proceeding'. But when the Sccieiarv of
the Navy, m a communication addressed to the
Senate in answer ?o a resolution of inquiry, grave-
ly tells the Senate that the authority on which he
is paying the £3,000 a year, is not founded in any
inw—for he does not point you to any law—not-
withstanding the provision of the Constitution,
thwC no money shall be drawn from the Treasury
except by law, and notwithstanding the act of
March, 1835; but instead of pointing yon to any
law to show his authority, he points you to esti-
mates.
Mr. BADGER. Does the Senator say that that
money was nor Appropriated5 Does he under-
stand, when he speaks of an appropriation, what
is meant by that, and that the money is placed
under the control of the Navy Department, by the
act which makes the appropriation? It is put in
the charge of the officer at the head of that Depart-
ment, not in payment, but as the Senator from
Michigan [Mr. Cass] expresses it, m application
of the money to the object designed.
Mr. HALE. Very well. Suppose the Secre-
tary of the Navy should send in to Congress an
estimate for the pay of the officers of the Navy.
He does not stop to go into very minute calcula-
tions as to the amount required, as some deaths
may occur, and there may be some resignations;
and suppose Congress should appropriate $100,000
more than was necessary by the provisions of the
act of 1835. Then, according to the doctrine of
theSenator from North Carolina, Congress having
appropriated the money for the compensation of
the officers, the Secretary of the Navy must sit
down and make a distribution of it pro rata,
because it has been appropriated. That is the
conclusion to which he would come.
But I disclaim all idea of making any attack
upon the Navy Department, or anybody else. But
I will go further, and I will say that the poor
excuse of this being in the estimates has no foun-
dation in fact—not at all. I hold the estimates in
my hand. The estimate is: "For calculating,
printing, and publishing a Nautical Almanac, in-
cluding pay of th* superintendent of-the same,
§0,000." Whether the pay was to be one hun-
ared or one thousand dollars or three thousand
dollais did not appear by the estimate. But the
estimate goes further than that, and expressly
negatives the idea that is claimed, that any lieu-
tenant is to receive more than $1,500, except
Lieutenant Maury, who is at the head of the
Bureau. Here, with this estimate of ft.64,000, is
a list of the officers to be paid, and among them
is one lieutenant, at £3,000. That lieutenant is
the distinguished officer whom the Senator from
North Carolina has complimented so highly, and
so justly, Lieutenant Maui y, and he was to receive
it by the existing law. These estimates, instead
of expressly stating that Lieutenant Davis was to
have $3,000 a year, do expressly exclude him in
such a manner as to leave but one to receive that
sum, viz: Lieutenant Maury.
The honorable Senator from North Carolina
asked me on what authority I said these estimates
are filed away in the office of the Navy Depart-
ment, and kept secret ? Why, sir, I go into these,
[holding up documents,] the documents of Con-
gress. They are my authority; and here you will
perceive, that in a letter of the Secretary of the
Navy to thr Comptroller, in which he tells him
it is his opinion, that this salary ought to be
paid, and that it is the wish of this Department
that the Superintendent of the Almanac should
be placed in this position, he says : " It appears
from the files of this Department, that it was esti-
mated," &c., &c. And well he might say so;
because the estimates submitted to Congress, and
printed, do not contain any such specification of
the money that was appropriated. This estimate
specifically asks, in the gross, for the sum of
$6,000, for preparing a Nautical Almanac; and it
also gives a list of the officers to be employed; and
in the list given, oneswgle lieutenant—Lieutenant
Maury—is to receive £,3,000 a year; so that instead
of justifying the conclusion that anybody else was
to receive $3,000 a year, it excludes that conclusion.
This high talk, Mr. President, about the value
of these officers, and about the great good they
are doing to the country, may all be well enough
when an appeal is made to Congress to induce
them to alter the law in favor of increased salaries;
but in the very document which the Secretary of
the Navy has submitted to Congress, he tells
you that when this appropriation was passed,
Lieutenant Davis applied to the Navy Depart-
ment, and then to the Comptroller of the Treas-
ury, (who, I venture to say, was one of the most
faithful, and intelligent, and incorruptible officers
who ever presided at the head of that department—
I mean Governor Parns,) and he decided that to
p^y this £3,000 was not according to law. And
what did Lieutenant Davis then do? Why, sir,
he came to Congress. And what did Congress
do? They refused to grant his appropriation.
How idle, then, is it to get up here and say that
Congress intended this payment, when both
the Executive Department and Congress deci-
ded that it was not authorized, and especially
after the party subsequently came to Congress,
, and Congress "said " No." Even after that, an
