490
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 6.
Iiave nothing to say. But if it does not pass in
consequence of lying over, he will know at whose
door the blame will rest.
Mr, DOWNS. Then I will not consent to let
it lie over.
Mr. FELCH. The law which is referred to
in that bill specifies two classes of cases to which
relief may be granted. The one, those who claim
under Bastrop, holding^ under a Spanish grant,
and his assignees; and to that class of persons
there is given six hundred and forty acres of land
without any compensation to the United States for
it. It was intended to relieve a class of persons
who purchased under an old Spanish grant, de-
clared to be now invalid.
The second class of cases embraces those per-
sons who, without having any claim by way of
a title from Bastrop, are entitled by virtue of pos-
session to a preemption right to one hundred and
sixty acres, including their improvements. If I
understand this matter correctly from hearing the
report read, this Ervin does not trace back his title'
from Bastrop; he has merely occupancy as the
foundation of his claim, and his case, therefore,
comes within the category mentioned 111 one of the
iast sections of the act, giving relief to those who
have occupied lands for a certain number of years.
If 110 legislation is had, he will be entitled to a
preemption right to one hundred and sixty acres
including his improvements. If this bill passes,
it will put him on the same footing exactly as
those who received a title from Bastrop. As I
stated before, my impression is, that it is acasein
which the preemption right ought to be granted.
He will then receive one hundred and sixty acres
of land under the preemption, and no more. This
bill proposes to give him six hundred and forty
acres, and also to relieve him from paying any
compensation to the Government for it. It seems
to me he should be allowed to remain under the
rights which he now has; or, if it be desirable, let
him have a preemption right. But I see the Sen-
ator from Kentucky is now in his place, and 1
yield the floor to him.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I believe the honorable
Senator from Michigan has stated everything that
I have to state upon the subject. From the ex- !
animation which I have made, this gentleman, if
this bill passes, will get lands for nothing to the
amount of six hundred and forty acres, when, ac-
cording to legislation, he would be entitled to a
preemptive right of one hundred and sixty acres.
1 see no reason why we should enlarge the amount
awl give him that difference. The grounds on
which this claim was placed, the other day, was
this: A man by the name of BaHinger lived upon
the land that this memorialist has occupied. Bal-
linger, according to the statement of the memori-
alist, purchased the land of Bastrop, and paid him
for it. The memorialist says be intended to pur-
chase it from Ballinger, but lie lias never paid him
a cent. He says Ballinger abandoned the land,
and has absented himself for a long time, and lias
never received anything. Now, what condition
shall we be placed in if Ballinger should hereafter
come forward and say, " I want Congress to com-
pensate me for this land, which I purchased of
Bastrop;" and suppose he says, "You have com-
pensated everybody else, and allowed them a tract
of land, why not pay me? Will you take ad-
vantage of my absence after I paid Bastrop, and
plead the statute of limitations upon me?" Gov-
ernment has never done that. Wow, if Ballinger
comes forward and says, "You agreed by your
legislation that all those who purchased from Bas-
trop and paid him for that land should hold it"—
what answer will you give him? You must say
to him, " You are to be put upon the same footing
as other individuals." Now, this individual sim-
ply asks Government to do for him what Govern-
ment would do for Ballinger, if he were here, i
do not gfee any obligation for such a course except
upon the ground which is contended for, that he
lias occupied the land till, by the laws of Louisi-
ana, he could set up a title by prescription against
Ballinger. And as he can prescribe against Bal-
linger, he wants you to cut off Ballinger, and let
him be placed with reference to Bastrop as Ballin-
ger and yourselves would be placed. It seems to
me no■' just to let a man come in and make out a
title, when he says he has not paid a cent, but
merely intended to do it, and then set up a title by
prescription against a man from whom he intended
to buy the land. In this view of the case I am
willing to say to this gentleman, "Take your head
right, as we call it in Kentucky, or, as it is called
here, your preemption—take your one hundred
and sixty acres of land by preemption, pay for it
as your neighbors have done, and with regard to
the excess, you have no right to it at all.I think
we should reject this bill, and let the law take its
course.
Mr. HALE. As I was one of the committee
who reported this bill, I think I can answer the
objection of the Senator from Kentucky. The
case is an exceedingly simple one. Settlers located
themselves upon this land, and among the rest
was this man Ballinger; and subsequently this pe-
titioner, who went under Ballinger, intending to
purchase his title. He has been there for more
than twenty-three years, and Ballinger went ofl
and never made his appearance again. By the
bill which you passed last session, if Ballinger
were here, he would be entitled to this land; but
he is not here. Now, the difficulty suggested by
the Senator from Kentucky, does not arise here
at all. We do not in any way interfere with Bal-
linger 's title. That title will stand just as good
when this bill is passed as it does now. All that
we do, is to say that the United States shall not
come in as a third party between Ballinger and
this man Ervin. Ballinger has a good title, if we
do not disturb him; and all that we do in this bill,
is to say to this poor old man, that we will keep
" hands off," as between him and Ballinger. We
say to him, " If you have a good title, keep it,
and we will give you ours: or, rather, we will not
interfere." It seems to me in that view of the
case this bill ought to pass.
Mr. DAWSON. I will merely ask the Senator
from Louisiana one question. Did Ballinger ever
purchase six hundred and forty acres from Bas-
trop ?
Mr. DOWNS. It is so stated in the papers.
Mr. HALE. I believe he purchased a larger
quantity than that.
The bill was then reported without amendment,
and, on a division, it was ordered to be^engrossed
for a third reading.
JANE IRWIN.
Mr. JAMES. I throw myself on the indulgence
of the Senate, and ask its unanimous consent to
take up a bill for the relief of Jane Irwin.
The question was taken on the motion to post-
pone the prior orders and take up this bill, and it
was decided in the affirmative.
The bill was read a second time. It proposes
to pay Jane Irwin, the only child of Colonel Jared
j Irwin, who served in the Georgia State troops from
j the beginning to the close of the revolutionary war,
! as an equivalent for services rendered and losses
j sustained by him, the half-pay of a captain for the
j period of thirty-five years.
| There being no proposition to amend, the bill
was reported to the Senate.
j Mr. PEARCE. I should like to have some
| explanation of that bill.
: Mr. HALE. Let the report be readt It will
j explain everything. 0
\ Mr. COOPER. I will state what the substance
J of the report is.
| Mr. BUTLER. I wish to ask if the committee
! were unanimous in their report?
I Mr. COOPER. They were last year. The
I father of Jane Irwin was an officer in the Georgia
line of the Army, and performed most meritorious
service during the whole of the revolutionary war.
1 He was in many engagements both in Georgia
j and the Carolmas. After Ihe close of the war, he
J removed to the frontiers and was often engaged
i there in the Indian wars, and performed service
' not only as a soldier, but was eminently useful m
subsisting troops in that out-of-the-way country.
] He lost a very large amount of property, and never
received from the United States a cent by way of
compensation for his services or the losses he sus-
tained.
The present applicant is the only surviving child
of General Irwin; who was afterwards, for several
successive terms, Governor of the State of Geor-
gia. If ever a meritorious claim came before the
Senate, that does not fall within the ordinary rule,
this is one.
The report was then read.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for ^
third reading.
COMMODORE WARRINGTON.
The Senate next proceeded, as in Committee of
the Whole, to the consideration of the bill for the
reliefof M.K. Warrington and C. St. J. Chubb,
executors of Captaip Lewis Warrington; which
W read.
It proposes to authorize the Secretary of the
Nav^to open an account with M. K. Warrington
and C.*>St. J. Chjibb, executors of the late Captain
Lewis v^irringjfon, and the officers and crew of
the sloop-aC-w#* Peacock, their legal representa-
tives and assigns, on account of one moiety of the
sloop Epervier&er tackle, implements of war, and
specie on board at the time of her capture in 1814,
which moiety was, by mistake, paid into the
Treasury of the United States; and to settle their
respective tights therein, according to the act of
April 23, 1800, for the better government of the
Navy of the United States; and that the sum,
when so settled, shall be paid out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. BRADBURY called for the reading of the
report of the Committee on Naval Affairs; from
which it appears, that the same subject was re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs at the
first session of the last Congress, when a report
was made, briefly setting forth the facts out of
which the claim originated, which the committee
adopt as a part of their present report, and re-
commend the passage of the bill without amend-
ment.- The committee reported-—on the memo-
rial of Lewis Warrington, for himself, officers, and
crew of the sloop-of-war Peacock, and'praying the
balance of prize money due them for the capture
of the British ship Epervier—that in the month of
April, 1814, the British ship Epervier was cap-
| tured by the Peacock, under the command of the
j memorialist, and was afterwards, in the district
court of Georgia, condemned, with its tackle, am-
munition, &c., as a prize of war to the captors,
and a sale by the marshal was ordered to be made;
j that there was on board the Epervier a large amount
| of specie, which was condemned as prize money.
! The Epervier was a vessel of equal force with the
! Peacock, as appears by the report of Captain War-
rington, by the report of the arrival of the prize at
Savannah, by the report of the officer in charge of
it, by negotiations between the Department and
Captain Warrington for the purchase of the prize,
and finally by the decree of condemnation to the
captors only.
By the fifth section of the act of Congress of
April, 1800, for the better government of the Navy
of the United States, it was enacted that all the
proceeds of captured vessels which shall be ad-
judged good prizes, when of equal or superior
force to the vessel or vessels capturing them, shall
be the sole property of the captors; but when of
inferior force, they shall be divided equally be-
tween the Government and the captors, it is,
therefore, certain, in the opinion of the committee,
as well from the true facts of the case as from the
decree of condemnation, that the officers and men
| of the Peacock were entitled to the whole of the
i proceeds, and the same should have been paid over'
! to them by the marshal. But this was not done.
| On the contrary, the marshal, from some mistake
! or misapprehension, treated it as a case for a divis-
i ion between the United States and the captors, and
! therefore paid one moiety to each. The committee
! were therefore of the opinion that the moiety re-
| ceived -by the United States, being undoubtedly
the property of the captors, ought in justice to be
1 accounted for to the true owners. The lapse of
i time since the erroneous payment was made might
afford some objection to the relief if the ground
of the claim was uncertain or not proved; but all the
facts and the ground of the claim stand proved by
official papers which cannot be mistaken. They
can be ascertained now with the same unerring
certainty as at the time of the transaction. These
proofs accompany the memorial submitted with
the report. The memorialist asked only the prin-
cipal of the sum; and the right being clear, the
justice of the demand, instead of being weakened,
is strengthened by thegreatlength of time the United
States have had what originally belonged to the
captors. The claim grew out of one of a series
of victories upon the ocean and lakes, which shed
such glory upon our country, and must ever be
remembered with patriotic pride bv every one
bearing the name of an American. The commit-
tee, in view of the considerations named in the
j report, accompanied it by a bill.
