1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
There being no objection, the modification was
made.
Mr. SHIELDS. 1 think that the amendment
is opening a very wide door. I am afraid of
adopting such a provision. Matter which is of a
character to enlighten the country may properly
be sent through the mails, but I think that the
power proposed to be conferred by the amendment
is a very dangerous one. There would seem to
be no limitation to it, and it may be abused. I
shall therefore vote against the amendment.
Mr. CHASE. All that I desire to say is this:
The bill already prescribes that newspapers weigh-
ing not more than three ounces, may be sent
through the mails to any part of thecountry under
three thousand miles for one cent. I agree to that,
because I am in favor of the greatest possible dif-
fusion of information; but I will venture to say
that all the mailable matter, including all the sam-
ples sent by merchants, and all the seeds sent by
horticulturists, will not be equal in bulk and in
weight to the issues of one great newspaper es-
tablishment; arid 1 have no doubt the matter
brought into the mails, if my amendment be
adopted, will produce ten times the revenue to the
Government that newspapers will.
Mr. BRADBURY. I would suggest an'amend-
ment that might, perhaps, relieve the amendment
of the Senator from Ohio from the objections of
the Senator from Arkansas. It is to insert in the
amendment of the Senator from Ohio, after the
words " mailable matter," the words, " not ex-
ceeding one pound in weight." That will cover
all that will be necessary to enable horticulturists
to send their seeds, and merchants their samples,
through the mails.
Mr. CHASE. If there be no objection, I will
accept the amendment of the Senator from Maine.
Mr. BORLAND. I would say that that does
not mend the matter at all. Iobjectto the amend-
ment to the amendment.
The PRESIDENT. Then, the question must
be taken on the amendment to the amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
Mr. TOUCEY. I hope the Senate will vote
down this amendment. It is a transfer of the
legislative power from the Congress of the United
States to the head of a Department; and to that I
entirely object.
Mr. BORLAND. I think that the amendment
of the Senator from Maine, which has been in-
grafted on the amendment of the Senator from
Ohio, does not improve it. It limits these parcels
to one pound in weight. The effect will be that,
instead of putting up fifty pounds of matter in one
package, they will be put up in fifty different
bundles, of one pound each; so that I can see no
sort of difference between the two. 1 desire to
call the attention of the Senate to the power of
Congress over the subject.
Mr. HUNTER, ft is obvious that this subject
will give rise to debate, and, if the Senator will
allow me, I will move to postpone the further con-
sideration of the subject.
Mr. RUSK. I hope we shall come to a vote.
Mr. HUNTER. Very well. I withdraw my
motion.
Mr. BORLAND. The Constitution confers
upon Congress power to establish post offices and
post roads, and necessarily limits that power to
the necessities of the country, and the purposes
for which the power was established. It is the
proper business of the Post Office Department to
transmit letters, papers, and communications con-
taining information of various kinds. Whenever
we go beyond that, we depart from the purposes
for which the power was conferred. We make
the Government of the United States a common
carrier, to enter into competition with every man
engaged throughout thecountry in carrying goods
for freight. This would defeat the verv object for
which the power conferred by the Constitution
was granted. The object was to facilitate rapid
and easy communication between the different
parts of the country, for purposes of information.
The question being taken by yeas and nays
upon the amendment of Mr. Chase as amended,
resulted—yeas 22, nays 32; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Badger, Bell, Bradbury, Brooke, Chase,
Davis, Dodge of Wiscon«in, Fish, Gwin, Hale, Hamlin,
James, Jones of iowa, Mangum, Rusk. Seward, Smith,
Spruance, Sumner, Underwood, Upham. and Wadu—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Atchison, Bayard, Borland,
Bright, Brodhead, Butler, Cass, Charlton, Ciarke, Cooper,
Dawson, De Saussure, Dodge of Iowa, Douglas, Downs,
Feloh, Gever, Hunter, Jones of Tennessee, Kmg, MaJlory,
Mason, Me i wether, Morton, Pearce, Pratt, Sebastian,
Shields, Soui6, Toucey, and Walker—32.
So the amendment was rejected.
No further amendment being proposed, the
amendments were ordered to be engrossed_, and
the bill to be read a third time.
THE PUBLIC PRINTING.
Mr. HAMLIN. The Committee on Printing,
to which was referred a bill from the House, en-
titled " An act to provide for executing thepublic
printing, and regulating the prices thereof, and for
other purposes," have directed me to report—
that, having met and conferred upon the matter,
they have been unable to agree; and therefore re-
port the bill back without any recommendation in
relation to it.
Mr. GWIN. I hope that bill will be taken up
and acted upon now. It is important to know
whether we are to have a printer to Congress or
not.
Mr. HUNTER. I rise to say, that I shall not
move to take up the civil and diplomatic bill this
morning, for 1 find -that if I do so, 1 shall only
have half an hour for its consideration, and I
shall have to contest for that time with the gen-
tlemen who wish other business to be proceeded
with.
Mr. GWIN. 1 move to postpone the prior
orders for the purpose of proceeding to the con-
sideration of the bill which has just been reported
from the Committee on Printing.
Mr. DAVIS. I will inquire of the honorable
Senator from California if he expects that bill to
displace the orders of the day ?
Mr. GWIN. I do not intend to interfere with
the regular order; but I think we might take up
the bill, and perhaps make some progress in it.
It is important to know whether we are to have a
public printer, or not. I ask for the yeas and nays
upon my motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BORLAND. I shall vote against taking
up this bill; not that I am opposed to it, but be-
cause if it comes up for consideration now, it will
necessarily consume the day, and we shall not
have an opportunity to attend to the practical
business that is so urgently pressing upon us.
That is the only reason that I object to the motion
to take up the bill now.
Mr. CASS. Every Senator knows the condi-
tion of the public printing. We have been here
for over eight months, and the most important
portion of that printing is yet to be done. It is
now proposed, after this length of time, to rem-
edy this crying evil. I take it that among the
sixty-two members of the Senate there is not one
who does not practically understand the question.
Nor do I believe that if Solomon were here, he
could make us understand it better than we do.
I would, therefore, entreat gentlemen to allow the
bill to be taken up and a vote to be taken on it.
Mr. BUTLER. I do not know what the bill is.
Mr. BORLAND. Before the vote is taken, I
have this to say: that no one has, at any time,
been more anxious to dispose practically of this
question of the public printing than I have been.
For more than three years I served as chairman
of the Committee on Printing; and the Senate
will bear me witness that, from the beginning of
my service in that position down to the time when
I left it, some threee months ago, I lost no oppor-
tunity of urging upon the Senate not only the ne-
cessity, but the propriety of making some provision
on this subject. What did Senators, who are now
so anxious, at the close of the session, to take
prompt action to provide for the public printing,
do then ? Did they join me in urging the matter
upon the Senate at a time when something practi-
cal could be done? I could get no support then.
The subject was put off from time-to time. It
was refused to be acted upon when the public in-
terests were suffering for the want of it. When
action in regard to the public printing was re-
quired at our hands for the transaction of our
business here, there was no anxiety manifested in
regard to it. But now, at the close of the session,
when the necessity of having the public printing
done promptly is not half so urgent as it has been
during the session, it is proposed to displace all
the business and bring that subject up and urge
it for action upon the plea of necessity. Almost
nine months have elapsed since the beginning of
the session, and the subject has beeniying before
us; yet gentlemen seem; until now, not to have
seen the necessity of urgent action. When we
could not use the public documents;-when we
were deprived of the means of legislating unde'r-
standingly for want of them, action was "refused.
But now, at the close of the session, when we do
not need the printing so much for any practical •
purpose, we are told that this is indispensably'
necessary. I cannot see the consistency of this"
position; and for this reason,'! cannot vote-for
taking up the bill. Not that I object to the bill
itself, for I believe that I shall vote for it, or, at
least, for something substantially the fame.
Mr. DAYIS. I hope the honorable Senator
from California will let us go on with the river"
and harbor bill, and see if we cannot complete it
to-day.
Mr. GWIN. I should be perfectly willing to
make that disposition of the matter, if I had any
hope or expectation that that bill would be got
through with to-day. I did not intend that the
bill which I have proposed to take up should in-
terfere with the regular order of business.
I do not pretend to disguisethe fact; but 1 say
here that I think it is the duty of the political ma-
jority m this body to act on the bill which I have
moved to take up, and to act promptly. I acknowl-
edge that. If members of the Democratic party
are disposed to destroy the bill, let them do it. I
want the vote upon taking up the bill to be a test
vote, in order to see if we are to make any provis-
ion for the printing of Congress at this session.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President, I shall make
no apology to the Senate for taking up its time
on any question that may come before it; because
I see distinctly that those' measures which ought
to be passed, and ought to be discussed, and con-
sidered well, cannot be considered. But meas-
ures and questions of a purely political character,
having a presidential complexion, are to be brought
forward, and to supersede everything else. There
is a report to be made from a committee, which I
wish to have made, and in which I feel some in-
terest. My friend who has it in charge has not
had an opportunity, for the last three mornings,
to present that report, because of this competition
among politicians to get up their measures and to
override everything else now at the end of theses-
sion. Why, sir, I have not read the bill pro-
posed to be taken up.
I would say here that I do not care much
whether any of the proceedings of this body—if
they are such as I have seen this morning, and
other mornings for some time past—are distrib-
uted and sent forth to the country. Sir, the Sen-
ate is not the Senate that it was when I was ac-
quainted with it upon my first introduction to it.
Everything seems to be discussed here that per-
tains to politics, and I think we are far from
coming up to the standard of Senatorial dignity.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator's remarks
are not strictly in order, for they do not relate to
the question before the Senate. The question is'
upon postponing the orders, with a view of taking
up the bill named by the Senator from California-
Mr. BUTLER. I am opposed to taking up
that bill, unless I can have an opportunity of ex-
amining it. I have not examined it, and therefore
object to considering it now. I object to this
proposition further,because I think this bill is
proposed to be taken up to the prejudice of other
business which I believe is of more importance.
Mr. HUNTER. I have a word or two to say
in relation to taking up this bill. The Senate
overruled me on the civil and diplomatic bill, and
laid that bill aside for the purpose of taking up the
river and harbor bill. That having been the de-
cision of the Senate, I have acquiesced, so far as
that bill is concerned, to let it go on and be dis-
posed of; but I will not, by my vote, give pref-
erence to any other bill over the civil and diplo-
matic bill, until it is finished. If the Senator from
California will give us the assurance that he will
lay this bill by in the event that it gives rise to
debate, I shall interpose no objection to his mo-
tion; but I will not do anything in the way of
taking up the civil and diplomatic bill to-morrow
in the morning hour; for it is obvious that a ma-
jority of the Senate will not give consideration to
any other bill than the river and harbor bill after
one o'clock
Mr. GWIN. I do not think the Senator from
Virginia has shown more eagerness to press the
