1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2271
be reconsidered, because the motion may be re-
newed at any time. The Senator from Georgia
can now, if he sees fit, move to take up the bill.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I rise to ask of the Chair
whether it would not be in order for the Senator
from Georgia now to move to take up the bill, or
to move to take it up to-morrow morning, or at
any other time, without a reconsideration of the
vote ?
The PRESIDENT. Certainly.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Then I appeal to^the honor-
able Senator from Georgia to withdraw his mo-
tion.
Mr. CHARLTON. As I can make the motion
to take up the bill, without moving to reconsider,
I withdraw the motion to reconsider.
DUTIES ON RAILROAD IRON.
Mr. GWIN, from the Committee on Finance,
to which was referred the bill for the relief of the
"Wilmington and Manchester Railroad Company,
reported it back without amendment, and asked
for its immediate consideration.
No objection being made, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
bill. It proposes to authorize the Secretary of the
Treasury to extend the time for the payment of
the duties on iron rails, spikes, bolts, fastenings,
and other iron necessary for the construction of
the Wilmington and Manchester Railroad, for the
term ©f four years. It further provides that the
Postmaster General shall contract with the Wil-
mington and Manchester Railroad Company for
carrying the mails on the line of their road, at the
usual rates charged by railroad companies; and
that he shall reserve from the amount due to the
Company for the carriage of the mail, a sum
sufficient to reimburse the Government for the du-
ties thus suspended, with interest at the rate of six
per cent.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading.
BOUNDARY BETWEEN THE UNITED STATES
AND MEXICO.
Mr. MASON. The Committee on Foreign
Relations, to which was referred a message from
the President of the United States, communicating
a report from the Secretary of the Interior in rela-
tion to the fixing of the initial point in the bound-
ary line between the United States and the Repub-
lic of Mexico, have instructed me to offer to the
Senate three resolutions upon the subject, and a
report embodying the views of the committee. I
ask that the report and the resolutions may be
printed. As they relate to a subject of very great
national interest and importance, I ask that the
resolutions be made the order of the day for Tues-
day next.
The resolutions were read, as follows:
Resolved, 1st. That by the treaty between the United
States and Mexico, concluded at Guadalupe Hidalgo on the
second day of Pebiuary, jn the year 18-18, no other power
or authority is Riven to the commissioners and surveyors,
whose appointment w therein provided for, than to deter-
mine and, by suitable land-marks, establish the boundaries
between the two countries, as they are prescribed by said
treaty; and that nothing in said treaty contained can be
construed to authorize these officers, in any manner, to
alter, vary, or modify the boundaries so piovided.
"M. That such power and authority is conierred by the
treaty on the commissioner and surveyor of each Govern-
ment, jointly, and that no separate power is conferred on
either.
3d. That the act of John R. Bartlet, Esq., the commission-
er on the pait of the United States, in disregarding the bound-
ary laid down on the map which is made a part of the treaty,
and m establishing, m lieu of one of said boundaries, a
parallel of latitude as determined by astronomical observa-
tions, is a departure from the treaty.
The report and resolutions were ordered to be
printed.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on the
motion of the Senator from Virginia, to postpone
the further consideration of the resolutions till
Tuesday next, and make them the special order
for that day.
Mr. HALE. I ask a division of the question.
The PRESIDENT. The question will then
first be on postponing the further consideration of
the resolutions till Tuesday next.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT. The question now is on
making the resolutions the special order of the day
for Tuesday at one o'clock.
Mr. HALE. I ask for the yeas and nays
upon that proposition. The Senate a while ago
refused to make matters of much more importance
special orders.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. HALE. We have been told, Mr. Presi-
dent, that various matters of practical and pressing
necessity in the country cannot be taken up and
acted upon, because there is not sufficient time to
devote to the consideration of the appropriation
bills which are necessary to carry on tne Govern-
ment. If these great practical questions cannot
be taken up* why is it that one day, of the very
few days which we have left, shall be specially
assigned for the discussion of this matter, which,
in my humble judgment, should be more properly
considered in Executive, than in open session.
Are all the territorial bills, and the appropriation
bills, and the other great measures that have been
spoken of, to have the go-by for this? I shall
vote against making the resolutions the special
order, and I was in hopes that the Senate would
have given me the yeas and nays upon the ques-
tion.
Mr. RUSK. This is a most important matter.
It is a question with regard to the giving away of
territory which properly belongs to the United
States, to an amount nearly as large as the State
which the Senator from New Hampshire has the
honor of representing on this floor. That, it
seems to me, is a question of very considerable
importance. It is not a question involving the
giving away of territory to the citizens of the
United States, but the surrender of our territory
to Mexico. The honorable Senator from New
Hampshire could not certainly have looked into
this matter, or he would not regard it as one of
such slight importance.
The motion to make the resolutions the special
order of the day for Tuesday next, was agreed
to—there being, on a division—ayes 21, noes 1G.
EVENING SESSIONS.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, submitted the following
resolution for consideration:
Resolved, That during the residue of the session the
Senate will take a recess from four, p. m. till seven, p. m.
RIVER AND HARBOR BILL.
The Senate then took up the river and harbor
bill, and after a protracted discussion, which lasted
till near five o'clock, p. m., all the amendments
reported by the Committee on Commerce were
agreed to, with the exception of that appropria-
ting $15,000 for repair of the piers at Ashtabula,
Ohio, which was rejected. [For the particulars of
the proceedings on this bill see Appendix.]
POSTAGE BILL.
The bill to amend an act entitled "An act to
reduce and modify the rates of postage in the
United States, and for other purposes," passed
March 3, 1851, was read a third time and passed.
MILITARY RESERVE IN MINNESOTA.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I have a little territorial bill
which I ask the Senate to consider at this time.
If it leads to debate I will consent to lay it aside.
I have waited for an opportunity for three months
to get it up, andhave not succeeded. It is House
bill No. 288, "An act to reduce and define the
boundaries of the military survey of St. Peters
river, Territory of Minnesota." I will state that
it curtails the boundaries in the exact words of a
recommendation from the Department, and has
no other provision in it.
Mr. GEYER. Has it no provision in regard to
preemption rights?
Mr. DOUGLAS. No, sir; nothing of the kind.
I move to take up the bill for consideration.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate pro-
ceeded, as in Committee of the Whole, to consider
the bill.
No amendment being offered, it was reported to
the Senate, ordered to be read a third time, read a
third time, and passed.
On motion by Mr. Bradbury, the Senate ad-
journed.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, August 20, 1852.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by the Rev. Littleton F. Morgan.
The.Tournal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER. The business first in order is
the consideration of House bill No. 120, " author-
izing certain soldiers in the late war with Great
Britain to surrender the bounty lands drawn by
them and to locate others in lieu thereof."
^ Mr. STUART. Before proceeding to the con-
sideration of that bill, I ask the unanimous conseot
of the House to take up and pass Senate bill No.
30, which I called'the attention of the House to the
other day. It confirms to the State of Michigan
certain salt-spring lands, and corrects an error of
a clerk in the General Land Office. It is of vast-
interest to that State.
Mr. PENN. I object.
Mr. STUART. I believe it is now in order for
me to move a suspension of the rules to enable me
to have that bill taken up?
The SPEAKER. It is not; we have not yet
reached the last ten days of the session. The
Chair on yesterday was mistaken as to the num-
ber of days yet remaining.
Mr. WASHBURN. Is it not in order for me
now to move that the House procecd to the con-
sideration of the private bills upon the Speaker's
table >
The SPEAKER. Not in the morning hour,
because that has been assigned to the reception of
reports from committees, under a special* order,
by a two-thirds vote of the House.
Mr. WASHBURN. It will be in order, then,
for me to submit the motion I have indicated at
the expiration of the morning hour?
The SPEAKER. It will at that time,
Mr. WASHBURN. Private bills sent to us
from the Senate, considered and reported favor-
ably upon by a Committee of the Whole House,
and to which there is no objection, have lain upon
the Speaker's table some six months unacted
upon. I hope, at the termination of the morning
hour, they may be taken up, considered, and
passed. Such action is demanded ateurhands.
Mr. DUNCAN. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to report from the Committee on
Commerce, "A bill granting a registry to the ves-
sel Boundary.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I call for the regular
order of business.
SURRENDER OF BOUNTY LAND WARRANTS.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness has been called for, which is equivalent to an
objection. The business in order is the consider-
ation of House bill No. 120, " authorizing certain
soldiers in the late war with Great Britain to sur-
render the bounty lands drawn by them, and to
locate others in lieu thereof." The previous ques-
tion has been demanded by the gentleman from
Alabama, [Mr. Houston.]
Mr. ORR. 1 hope the gentleman from Alabama
will withdraw his call for the previous question,
and let the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Hen-
dricks] submit the amendment which has been
suggested by him.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ala-
bama is not present.
Mr. STUART. I think, by unanimous con-
sent, the amendment might be introduced.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection, the
call for the previous question will be considered
as having been withdrawn.
There was no objection.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move to insert after
the word " individual," in the first section, the
words or sold for taxes," so that it will read as
follows:
" Sec. 1. Be it enacted, That it shall and may be
lawful for any soldier in the late war with Great Britain,
to whom bounty land ha<* been allotted and patented in any
State of the Union, by virtue of the laws of the United
State* passed prior to the year 18d0, which was and is unfit
tor cultivation, to sunender such patent and receive in lieu
thereof the same quantity of any of the public lands subject
to private entiy at tne minimum price, as he may select:
Provided, That before receiving such new land, u shall be
proved to the satisfaction of the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office the land so allotted and patented to said
soldier is unfit for cultivation, and that the soldier has
never disposed of his interest in said land by any sale of
his own, or that the same has not been taken or disposed
of for his debts due to any individual, or sold for taxes; and
thai he shall release all interest m the same to the United
States m such way a* said Commissioner shall pre«crihe;
and such surrender and location shall be made within five
years irom the passage of this act."
At the request of Mr. Mason, the section as it
would read, if amended, was read by the Clerk.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would inquire
whether or not he is mistaken in supposing that
the unanimous consent has been granted for the
introduction of the amendment?
