1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1407;
by the Senate, and the amendment was received,
although it was afterwards rejected. I feel myself
bound to acquiesce in that construction which the
Senate has placed upon its rule; though I do not
entertain a doubt that this is a private claim, yet
I am reluctant to mete one measure to one set of
claimants, and another measure to another. I feel
bound to say, therefore, that although it is a pri-
vate claim, I do not think it comes within the rule
as the Senate has construed it.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will put the
question to the Senate to decide, whether it is or is
not to be construed as a private claim, which is
excluded under the rule. Those who consider that
it is a private claim, which is therefore excluded
by the rule, will say " Aye."
Mr. BELL. If the Chair will pardon me, I
would suggest that it would be better to submit to
the Senate, the question whether they will enter-
tain this amendment ?
The PRESIDENT. The Chair has to conform
to the rule.
Mr. BELL. There has been some discussion
with regard to the nature of the claim. Gentlemen
have undertaken to define what is a public and
what is a private claim. It is a very difficult
undertaking to draw the line between them. I
think the chairman of the Judiciary Committee
would find some difficulty in laying it down cor-
rectly. But I trust that, under all the circumstances
of the case, this claim will be considered. It has
been before the Senate so often, that it can be acted
upon immediately and without debate. If it is not,
in the opinion of the Senate, well-founded, it can
be rejected. I do not care now to go into the
nature of the claim, but I wish to say a word as
to the remarks of the honorable Senator from
Maryland. He has stated some points of the case,
but not all of th* m.
Mr. PEARCE. It was not necessary to state
ail.
Mr. BELL. I understand that the honorable
Senator thinks this is a private claim, and that he
also supposes that a large portion of the amend-
ments which the Committee on Indian Affairs are
in the habit of offering to these appropriation bills
are for private claims. Others entertain a different
opinion. Many Senators think that they are pub-
lic claims, and as well entitled to be received and
acted upon as any other case where an appropri-
ation is made. This claim arises under a law of
the United States providing for the removal of
these Indians. What the honorable Senator from
Maryland said, was well enough so fm as it went.
Whilst these gentlemen were in the midst of the
performance of their contract, the Government of
the United States thought proper to change the
law in regard to the right of these Indians to cer-
tain compensation to which thosegendemen looked
at the time for their remuneration.
The Indians relied upon scrip for one half the
reservations which they sold on the Mississippi,
which were to be paid to them on their arrival at
their new homes. While these gentlemen were
performing the contiact, after they had removed
perhaps some ten ortwelve hundred of the Indians,
and were in the process of removing some six or
seven hundred more, Congress provided that no
such payment should be made to the Indians. I
simply state this in order that the Senate may see
the ground upon which the claim stands. I hope
that we shall admit the amendment, and allow the
claim.
Mr. CASS. In addition to what was said by
the honorable Senator from Virginia, I merely
wish to remark, that I understood the proposition
precisely as he did. It seems to me, that the Sen-
ate the other day, by a solemn vote, put a con-
struction on its own rule, which necessarily in-
cludes this claim. I was among those who voted
with the minority on that occasion. I think the
yeas and nays were taken on the point, whether
an amendment to appropriate §350,000 for Creek
depredations was not a private claim? The Sen-
ate decided that it came within the rule. And now
I should like to know what distinction can be
drawn by which a claimant for $10,000 for Creek
depredations comes within the rule, and a claim-
ant for relief under the Choctaw treaty does not
come within the rule. The Senate has put a con-
struction on its own rule. It admitted that prop-
osition as being in order. I then voted in the
minority; but fhave no disposition to set myself
up in opposition to the decision of the Senate. I
am not willing to make one measure for one man
and another for another.
„ The PRESIDENT. Whatever may have taken
place heretofore is another question. The rule is
positive, as the Chair has stated. If this is con-
sidered to be a private claim, it cannot be received
under the rule; but if it is not considered as a pri-
vate claim, it is a proper amendment to be offered.
It is for the Senate to say, after hearing the discus-
sion with regard to the nature of the claim, whether
they so consider it. The Chair is unwilling to
exclude anything that may be properly offered, no
matter what his individual opinion may be. He
submits the matter to the Senate to say whether
they consider this such a private claim as is ex-
cluded under the rule, or whether it is such a
claim as is justified in being provided for by an
amendment.
Mr. CASS. 1 had not the slightest idea of im-
pugning the decision of the President. I think he
is perfectly right. I voted so the other day. I
think this is a private claim; but I think the Sen-
ate has put a construction on its own rule by
which it is bound to admit this. A majority of
the Senate have determined that cases like this
are not to be considered as private claims; and
having so decided, I am unwilling to make a dif-
ference between those cases and this.
Mr. BUTLER. My friend from Tennessee
has made allusion to me as chairman of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary. He thinks that the dis-
tinction between a private and a public claim is
not very definite. I think that in some respects
this is so; but I think that this clearly falls within
the class of what would be called private claims.
I concur fully with the Chair in that respect. If
you are to make this bill a vehicle for all the claims
that may be attached to it, of course, as my friend
from Virginia says, it is an impediment thrown
in the way of business that may prevent the bill
passing within the time that it is called for. As
regards the opinion which has been supposed to
exist heretofore in the Senate, it cannot control me
in the vote that I shall give. I think the Chair,
on all these questions, ought to have his independ-
ent opinion.
Mr. MASON. The honorable Senator from
South Carolina stands in the relation of law ad-
viser to the Senate, being chairman of the Com-
mute on the Judiciary. I should be very much
disposed to be governed in my vote by his opin-
ion on such matters. 1 have taken the same view
of this question with the Senator from Michigan.
I do not entertain a doubt that this is a private
claim. That is my individual opinion. But I put
this question to the honorable Senator from South
Carolina, whether the construction placed upon a
law by a tribunal competent to place such a con-
struction, does not become a parr of the law itself?
Now, if the Senate have determined that claims
of the class to which this belongs are not private
claims, then it is a part of the law that they are
not private claims, and of course they do not come
within the rule. That is the consideration which
governs my vote.
Mr. BUTLER. If the judgment of the Senate
has been given upon a similar question, of course
we ought to be controlled by that judgment. I
do not know how far this is distinguished from
the question which has been heretofore decided by
the Senate, and therefore I cannot answer my
friend. I have not had the benefit of the discus-
sion on that subject. So far as regards this ques-
tion, I have no difficulty as to my judgment.
How far it should be controlled by the decision
of the Senate on another question, i am not pre-
pared to decide, for I have been absent from the
city, and have not heaid the discussion and deci-
sion.
Mr. CHASE. I have only a single suggestion
to make to my honorable friend from Michigan,
and that is, whether the devouon which he now
avows to a single precedent of the Senate is quite
consistent with the great law of progress. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. CASS. I take it, that this is not a prece-
dent at all. It is the established rule of the Senate,
affirmed by a solemn vote. If a year or two had j
intervened, so as to allow a little progress, the p
point of the Senator mi^ht be well taken; but in j
the progress of a day I have not much faith. I
Mr. BELL. I wish to call the attention of the 11
honorable Senator from South Carolina to exer- ||
cise his acumen m seeing whether I am right or ; !
wrong, in what appears to me to be the fair con-,
struction of this rule, The rule provides: -
" No amendment proposing additional appropriations
shall be received to any general appropriation bill, uniess-it'
be made to carry out the provisions of some existing law,
or some act or resolution previously passed by the Senate'
during that session, or moved by direction of a standing ,
committee of the Senate, or Jft pursuance of an estimate
from the head of some of tlie Departments.,y * * : :
An amendment proposing additional appropri-'
ations is in no case admissible unless in one of
these excepted cases. Then the rule proceeds--?-1
and this is the point to which I wish to call the '
attention of the honorable Senator:
" And no amendment shall be received wbo«e object is
to provido for a private claim, although the same may have
been previously sanctioned by the Senate."
I think this restriction clearly shows that if such
an amendment be moved by direction of a stand-
ing committee, it is not excluded. I leave it to
the honorable Senator from South Carolina to say
whelherthere is any such limitation. There are
in the first clause of the rule three or four cases of
exception. The second part provides that no pri-
vate claim shall be received as an amendment, al-
though it may have been previously sanctioned by
the Senate. That is one of the exceptions in the
first clause of the rule. It seems to me, th^n, that
a private claim can be moved as an amendment by
direction of a standing committee, or in pursuance
of an estimate. I think the restriction only ap-
plies to where such a claim has been previously
sanctioned by the Senate. The rule does not pre-
clude private claims moved by direction of a stand-
ing committee, or m pursuance of an estimate by
the head of one of the Departments.
The PRESIDENT. The rule excludes private
claims altogether.
Mr. BUTLER. 1 cannot agree with my friend
from Tennessee in the construction which he has
given to the rule. I have my own opinion in "re-
gard to the matter. I understand him logo so far
as to say that an amendment may be offered even
for a private claim, provided it has received the
sanction of a standing committee, and that any
piivate claim can be incorporated into this bill,
provided it has the sanction of a previous estimate,
or was moved under the instruction of a standing
committee. I cannot go that far. I think the
Chair in this respect is certainly right. The lat-
ter clause is a perfect exclusion of all private claims
from bills of this kind. It excludes them in all
cases. In that view, I think the Chair is correct.
Mr. BADGER. Mr. President, if a word
were necessary to show that my friend from Ten-
nessee has fallen into an entire mistake in his in-
terpretation, I think it will be evident from this
fact. According to his interpretation, if a gentle-
man introduces a bill for paying a private claim,
and the Senate unanimously pass that bill, and it
goes down to the other House, the Senator admits
that if an appropriation bill comes up, you could
not move that provision as an amendment to it;
but if an amendment is reported by a'standing
committee, or if a member of a standing committee
is directed to move an amendment, for the pur-
pose of jiaying it, then he says the subject is in-
order to be considered by the Senate, Now, that
cannot be a just rule of interpretation which makes
the direction of a standing committee superior to
the decision of the Senate.
The meaning of that exclusion to which the
Senator has referred, was to show that a private
claim should not be moved as an amendment under
any circumstances; and for the purpose of show-
ing that it could not be moved under any circum-
stances, the highest and most consequential and
influential circumstance was specified, to wit:
when the private claim had received the sanction
of the Senate. *
I would not have ventured to make these sug-
gestions but for the fact that the Chair has sub-
mitted this question for the opinion of the Senate,
and hence it seems to be proper that we should,
all of us, seriatim, say what we think of it.
I am clearly of opinion that if the Senate has
ever passed a private claim since I have been a
member of the body, this is a private claim. If
the Senate has never passed a bill providing for a
private claim, then I admit this is not a private
claim.
I do not exactly agree in rhe reasoning of my
friend from Virginia, [Mr. Mason,] that because
the Senate, as he supposes, in a certain instance,
voted a claim to be a public claim which was really
