1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
495
all after the first section brings up all the other sec-
tions for amendment. Gentlemen have indicated
no purpose to make any farther amendment to the
third section, and therefore amendments are in or-
der to all the subsequent sections.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of opinion
that if an amendment is offered to the third sec-
tion, it takes preference over an amendment to the
fourth section.
Mr. CARTTER. It will be perceived, by an
examination of the fourth section of the bill, that
it contemplates the bestowal of lands upon persons
who have been temporarily called into service, and
were paid by the United States. Now, the class
of persons denominated m the amendment which
I have just submitted to the committee, are a class
who have rendered a similar, if not a superior
kind of military service, but who have not been
paid by the United States. The object of this
fourth section, as I understand it, is especially to
make a provision for the benefit of persons who j
have been involved m the Cherokee war. It com-
prehends, practically, the history of that war.
Most of the members of this House are aware
how much that war has already cost us; and they
are also aware how abundantly the contributions
of Florida to that war have been paid out of the
national Treasury; and all that I claim is, that
while you are continuing to feed this demand
upon the public Treasury by continually extend-
ing grants out of that Treasury in that quarter, you
will just remember a hardy set of men who have
retired upon the advancement of population from
the shores of the Atlantic west; and holding their
gun in one hand and their axe in the other, have
defended their households from the presence of a
destructive and merciless enemy—a class of men
as much superior in all the elements of practical
service to this country, to the class of men sought
to be remunerated m this bill, as is imaginable; a
class of men who have constituted your frontier
fortifications with their naked breasts, and upon
their personal prowess and personal responsibility,
as civilization has advanced from the East to i
the West, and from the North to the South. It is
the hunting-shirts that the amendment proposes to
reward—men who never have carried a military
cockade in their caps perchance, but who have car-
ried their rifles in their hands, loaded ready for
service—the minute men of the West—men who
have not only defended it from the invasion of the
enemy, but have prepared it for the occupation of
civilization. That is the class of men I contem-
plate in the amendment I have offered; and I hope
that the military chivalry which is at the bottom
of this affair, will enlarge the compass of their
benevolence a little, and for one period relax their
military drill and comprehend this irregular force—
this volunteer force—this force that marched under
the command of the impulses of their hearts, and
who fired without the order to fire. [Laughter.]
[The Speaker's hammer here fell.]
Mr JONES, of Tennessee. I am opposed to
that amendment.
Mr. HALL. I hope the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Cartter] will adopt an amendment to his
amendment.
Mr. CARTTER. " Yes, any reasonable one.
Mr. HALL. It is to include those who were
called out to defend the frontiers of Missouri from j
the savages of Iowa a few years ago.
Mr. CARTTER. Certainly, if they belong to
my platoon. Are they of my kind ?
Mr, HALL. The only difference is, that his
are red savages and mine are white. [Laughter.]
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment to the amendment, and it was lost. f
Mr. COBB. I will inform the gentleman who j
has just taken his seat, the honorable gentleman ]
from Ohio, [Mr. Cartter,] who talks about the j
Cherokee war, that  !
The CHAIRMAN. There is no amendment
pending. _ !
Mr. COBB. I move to strike out, in the sixth |
line, the word "and," and insert, after the word
soldiers, the words "and teamsters." I think;
gentlemen have spoken of the number of individ- ;
uals whom this section was intended to provide !
for, as being individuals who were sent against
the Cherokee Indians. If I have read the history ;
of that war correctly, those Cherokee Indians j
were our allies. It is not, of course, designed to
piovide for men engaged in such a war. It is .
proper I should state that the fourth section of.
this bill proposes to provide for a portion of the
army that the bill of 1850 contemplated to provide
for. When that bounty land bill was under con-
sideration, every inch of this ground was fought
over. Classes of persons proposed to be provided
for by the amendment to the fourth section of the
bill, were endeavored to be provided for in the bill
of 1850, but from the construction of the Secretary
of the Interior, they have, many of them, been
excluded. I am satisfied that the construction
was an improper one; but notwithstanding it is so,
they can now be provided for by a law, such a
one as is now proposed to be inserted in the fourth
section of this bill. It is true that while it is pro-
posed to amend this law—this explanatory law—
so as to embrace that portion of the military sol-
diers whom we intended to have provided for in
the law of 1850, it is proposed by this bill to add
a few more. For my own part I have no objec-
tion. I shall vote for the fourth section as it
stands, and I will say to the honorable gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Cartter,] who proposes to pro-
vide for the frontier soldier who took his axe in
the one hand and his gun in the other, that 1 am
to willing to vote for a provision in the bill to give
each of those individuals a quarter section of land.
Voices. "Good!" "Good!" "Good!"
Mr. C., (continuing.) I shall vote for that meas-
ure when it comes up; and then we shall be able
to provide to the entire satisfaction of the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Cartter,] according to the
proposition he has made; but inasmuch as it has
passed away, it is not within my province to
speak of it at this time. But as to my amend-
ment: I do not see any good reasons why teams-
ters should not be provided for m this bill. I have
been appealed to, to make provision for this class ,
of individuals, for the reason that they are sup-
posed to have rendered efficient service' to the
country in the way of their employment, in driv-
ing through the enemy's country; and to have
encountered great dangers in traveling through
such country, as much so as the soldier who had
his musketupon his shoulder. I think they should
be provided for, therefore 1 propose the amend-
ment, which I hope will be adopted.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I rise not for the purpose
of arguing this question. It is manifest to the
House, and to every gentleman of the House
friendly to the registers and receivers of the land
offices, that they cannot, in connection with this
bill, effect their object. It is a notorious fact, that
the recipients of the bounty land act of 1850, in
consequence of the land warrants not being as-
signable, have sold them for one hundred per cent, j
less than they otherwise would have done. And 1
I rise for the purpose of suggesting to gentlemen j
in favor of paying the registers and receivers, this .
view of the case. They differ among themselves. |
Gentlemen, representing m part registers and re- 1
ceivers, are debating this question upon the floor
of this House day after day. I would suggest
the propriety of ceasing their efforts, as they con-
flict with each other, and let us pass this bill,
which is important. And I would suggest to
them the further propriety of having a select com-
mittee upon the subject of paying land registers
and receivers, to be constituted of members from ;
the sections of the country interested in it; and if j
upon a report by them to the House they can
show that the Government is either directly or in-
directly bound to pay them, I have no doubt it will
be done. I feel willing to vote pay to them, and
if I commit an error in voting upon the claims of i
private individuals, I always prefer to commit that
error in favor of the individual in preference to !
the Government. But it is impossible to pass :
that provision in connection with this bill; and i
the simple object I had in rising, was to appeal to [
the House to let us take the vote upon making i
land warrants assignable, and upon repealing that
provision of the act of 1850 which confines their
location to lands actually surveyed. The first sec-
tion of the bill contains all the provisions that I
desire, and I hope that the committee will take
the question at once. j
The question was then taken upon the amend- '
of Mr. Cobb, and it was disagreed to. ;
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I move to ■
strike out in the fourth section, from the third line '
to the sixth, these words:
" And whose services have been paid by the United States 1
subsequent to tfee 18tii of June, 1812.i
I do so, sir, because I perceive noA propriety, if i
we are going to extend the provisions of the bounty
land act of 1850, in limiting it to those whose ser-
vices have been paid since 1812. i apprehend this
was put into this bill for thepurposeof eattingoul
from the operation of the bounty land system
those old veterans who served in the Indian cam-
paign under General Wayne. I congratulate my-
self that I have the opportunity, by detecting this
thing, to bring the Congress of the United States
to a direct vote—when we are extending bounty
to soldiers who have'served in the wars of the
country—on the proposition to extend that bounty
to men who, although unfortunate in the battle of
Saint Clair, yet fully redeemed the western credit
and did incalculable service to the West in subse-
quent campaigns, under General Wayne; and I
hope there will be no opposition in the committee
to the extending the act or system so as to em-
brace them.
Mr. AVERETT. I rise, Mr. Chairman, isi
opposition to this amendment; and mean to op-
pose every amendment except the one striking out
the whole of the bill after the first section as
amended. We are tantalizing those who were in-
tended to be the beneficiaries of the famous " old
soldiers' bill." I find that some members feel
more regard for the interest of receivers and re-
gisters of land offices, and other Government func-
tionaries, than they do in the old soldiers, their
widows and orphans. I do not, by the course I
take here, mean to be understood as opposed to all
of the propositions offered as amendments to this
bill. There are some of them I feel inclined to
vote for. But they ought to come here upon their
own wheels, instead of making an omnibus of our
bill, providing for the transfer of the land war-
rants to which no one objects. I appeal to the
House to allow the seventy or eighty thousand
persons who have received land warrants under
the act of 1850, to make use of them in buying
what they want. If the bill which went through
this House at thelast session had been passed, there
are those now in my district who would have laid
out the value of the warrants in buying the meat
that is to sustain them for the present year. There
are numbers who would have made use of them
in the purchase of their sugar, coffee, iron, salt, and
other necessaries of life. Allow them that, and
then you can proceed to act upon otherbills. Let
each proposition stand upon its own merits. If
gentlemen are afraid to test them upon*their own
merits; and if they are determined to burden this
bill down with them, it is evident they possess no
merits. I hope the committee will vote down every
one of them, and let us pass this bill. We will
not necessarily cutoff these registers and receivers
by this course of proceeding, from whatever they
are justly entitled to. 1 believe the Senate will
pass our bill, simply making the warrants assign-
able, as provided in this first section as amended.
I do not believe the Senate will again, and for the
third time, defeat this popular measure, by riding
it to death with extraneous matters.
Mr. HALL. Is an amendment to the amend-
ment in order?
The CHAIRMAN. It is.
Mr. HALL. I then move to amend the words
proposed to be stricken out by the gentleman from
Kentucky by striking out " 1812," and inserting
instead the words "subsequent to 1800."
Mr. H. If the gentleman from Kentucky be
right in supposing the clause m the bill woulci ex~
elude those men who served under General Wayne,
I am perfectly willing there shall be a provision
inserted to cover them. I am, however, of the
opinion that the gentleman is wrong in the suppo-
sition that this class would be excluded under that
clause, and if the gentleman will reflect 
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. The clause ex-
cludes all anterior to the war of 1812.
Mr. HALL. I only want to say this, that I
think the gentleman from Kentucky cannot have
considered the effect of this provision, for if I un-
derstand the matter right he otherwise would not
have proposed it.
Mr. STEPHENS. It is not in the House bill,
but the Senate bill.
Mr. HALL. I understand that he proposes to
; give bounty lands to all those whose services were
j not paid for by the United States. Now, who
will this clause embrace ? I have not read the
amendment distinctly, but I think it will embrace
all those called out m the Mormon war, and all
those called out m the Iowa war.
