1408
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 20.
a private bne, we are therefore to repeal that rule;
for that is his argument—that is the position to
which his argument leads._ According,to it we
can never correct a misapplication of a rule. But
I do not hold, with the Senator, that the Senate
has decided that a ay claim parallel with this is a
public claim. The distinction between the case
which has been referred to by my honorable
friend, and the case now under consideration, is
obvious. This claim is private in all its parts;
and, as I have said, if it is not a private claim,
then we have never passed one.
I am for repealing that pari of the rule relating
to private claims; and I have given notice that I
shall offer a resolution for that purpose. But I
do not wish it to be understood that 1 am going to
repeal it by a vote that is not in force. I wish to
have it repealed by the regular action of the Sen-
atThe PRESIDENT. The Chair will .put the
question in this form: Senators who consider that
me amendment can properly be offered under the
rule will say " Aye;" those who think that, being
a private claim, it cannot be offered under the rule
will say " No."
The question being taken, there were—ayes 18,
noes 19.
So it was decided that it was not in order to
offer the amendment.
Mr. BADGER. I wish to submit an amend-
ment to this bill, and I will offer one word of ex-
planation. I think that the Senate will immedi-
ately see the propriety and necessity of it. It is
to come in at the end of the appropriation paying
for the floating sectional dock contracted for in
California. The dock will shortly be delivered
there. The question is still pending before Con-
gress, whether Congress will have the appendage
of a pier or of a basin and railway. That ques-
tion is undecided. Whichever may be adopted,
two or three years must elapse before they will
have either. In the mean time, it is necessary
that some measure should be adopted for preserv-
ing and taking care of the dock. In the act of
1850, which made an appropriation for a dock,
basin, and railway, the Secretary of the Navy was
directed to authorise the proprietors to use the
dock, when it was not needed for the public ser-
vice, for private purposes. In a communication,
addressed to the Committee on Naval Affairs, he
desires that Congress would direct him to take
what measures mightbe necessary. Itis for Con-
gress to decide liow the matter shall be disposed
of. It is necessary to make some provisions for
the security of the dock until the Government shall
have its own establishment there. To accomplish
that purpose, I move to insert the following amend-
ment:
Ami the Pecrciarv of the Navy is hereby directed to per-
mit the contractor* ior the erection of tin: said dock. Cor such
term of ye-irs as lie may deem expedient, to use the same
on their own aceuunt lor tepainng merchant ve .:;el-;, when
not required for the use of tile public vessels of the IJniled
States. The said contractors ugreein", in oonsideiatiou
thereof, safely to keep the said dock, anil to indcmnily tile
United States against any iajuiy to the same, except the
natural decay of the materia!*, while used by them ; and to
surrender the same at I lie expiraiinn of the term in good
order and condition, and also limn!,' such security and m
such form, for the faithful performance of the agreement, as
way, by the said Secretary, be deemed proper.
Mr. DAWSON. This is an important amend-
ment, involving a principle upon which I would
like to have an opportunity to reflect. I may be
in favor of it; but I wish to look into it. It seems
to me to involve the principle of farming out the
public property by contract for a length of time.
In order to have an opportunity of examining it,
I move that the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr, BADGER. If my friend will withdraw
the motion fUr a moment, I wish to say a word.
Mr. DAWSON. I will withdraw it.
Mr. BADGER. I have not the least desire in
the world to press the amendment upon the Sen-
ate. I brought it forward because the Secretary
of the Navy had thought proper to submit to the
Committee Oil Naval Affairs the fact, that when
the sectional dock gets to California, there will be
no place to take care of it; and unless some place
is provided, or some provision of this sort made,
it will beruined. Having offered the amendment,
I care not one copper what is done with it. If it
is lost, it wilt be through no agency of mine. I
think that when the Government has paid three
quarters of a million of dollars for a structure, it
is worth while to make some temporary arrange- 1
ment for its reception. But 1 do not want to de-
lay this bill; and as gentlemen seem disposed to
talk on this proposition, I withdraw the amend-
ment.
Mr. SHIELDS. I wish to offer an amend-
ment, which I think will give rise to no discus-
sion.
Mr. BADGER. You are mistaken about that.
I thought my amendment would not be discarded.
Mr. SHIELDS. I wish to get rid of it at any
rate. I have had it in my hands for some time
ready to offer. The Committee on the District of
Columbia have directed me to offer an amendment
to appropriate a sum of money to repair the Long
Bridge, which has been swept away by the late
flood, in a temporary manner. The object is to
place it in such a condition that it may be pass-
able until action can be taken in regard to a per-
manent bridge, or some other structure. An
estimate has been made, at the request of the com-
mittee, stating that it can be done for $12,000. I
hold the estimate in my hand. It is somewhat
lengthy, pointing out all the particulars. If there
is any objection to the amendment, I shall not
press it to-night. But I hope there will be no ob-
jection to it.
Mr. BADGER. I have a very decided objec-
tion to it.
Mr. SHIELDS. The amendment which I am
instructed to offer is the following clause:
For the repairs of the Long Bridge, across the Potomac,
a sum not exceeding $ 12,Odd; to he expended under the
direction of the Commissioner on I'ublic Buildings.
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, May 20, 1859.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Rev. C. M. Butlb:r.
The Journal ofyesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the unfinished business of yesterday, being the
bill for the construction of military roads in Ore-
gon Territory.
Mr. McLANAIIAN here obtained the floor.
Mr. RICHARDSON'. 1 wish to make an in-
quiry of the Chair 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. McLanaiian] rises to address the
Chair. The Chair does not know what he pro-
poses, and will hear him.
Mr. McLANAHAN. I wish to make a state-
ment to the blouse. The first Monday in June
is the day lixed by law for holding the district
court in the District of Columbia. The chief
justice of the circuit court is the judge of the
'district court, and of course possesses original
jurisdiction. It is well known in this House that
the chief justice of the circuit court, from pro-
tracted illness, and from the infirmities of old age,
is not able to discharge his official duties.
Mr. ROBINSON. I rise to a question of order.
Mr. McLANAHAN. I will occupy but a mo-
ment, and X hope the gentleman will not raise a
question of order. On the first of this month a
bill passed the Senate, to provide for the holding
of the district court of the District of Columbia,
in cases of sickness or other disability of the dis-
trict judge.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would ask if the
permission of the House has been given for this
speech.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. McLanaiian] is culled to order.
Mr. RICHARDSON. It will take the entire
week to dispose of the territorial bills. No other
time, I am satisfied, will be set apart for the dis-
position of these bills; and 1 want to make an in-
quiry of the Chair. Is it now in order to move
to go into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, to take up that business? and
if so, and the House resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole, what will become of the ter-
ritorial bill now before the House? When will it
come up again?
Mr. McLANAHAN. I have the floor, I be-
lieve, and I have not yet indicated to the House
what is my desire.
Mr. RICHARDSON. That is the question I
make upon the gentleman.
Mr. McLANAHAN". I am sure if the gentle-
man will listen to the suggestion I was about to
make, he will not raise the point of order, but al-
low this bill to be taken up and passed. It is a
matter of pressing public necessity.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. McLanahan] asks the unanimous
consent of the House to take up the bill indicated
by him, providing for the holding of the district
courts in the case of the sickness or other disability
of the judges.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I object.
Mr. ROBINSON. I call for the regular order
of business.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. 1 ask the
unanimous consent of the House to report a bill
relating to the territorial business, now under con-
sideration before the committee. It is in relation
to the ports in the Territory of Oregon, and is a
report from the Committee on Commerce, who
have had that subject under consideration. The
bill is to designate the ports in the district of Ore-
gon, and to fix the compensation of the collector
at Astoria.
No objection being made,
Mr. SEYMOUR, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported " A bill to authorize the President
' of the united States to designate the places for
' the ports of entry and delivery for the collection
' district of Puget's Sound and Umpqua, in the
' Territory of Oregon, and to fix the compensation
' of the collector at Astoria, in said Territory;"
which was read a first and second time by its title,
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SCUDDER. I ask the consent of the
House to make a report, if the gentleman from
Illinois will yield me the floor for that purpose.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I yield to the gentleman
from Massachusetts for that purpose.
Mr. SCUDDER, by unanimous consent, re-
ported from the Committee on Territories a bill
to provide for additional clerks, and to extend the
sessions of the Territorial Assembly of New Mex-
ico; which was read a first and second time by its
title, and referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, and ordered to be
printed.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Richardson] submits a motion that the rules
of the House be suspended, and that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union upon the special or-
der. The Chair must say to the gentleman that
the business first in order is, the bill which was
under discussion yesterday for the construction of
military roads in Oregon; and that the gentleman
from Illinois, his colleague, [Mr. Bissell,] was
upon the floor, and is now entitled to the floor on
that bill.
Mr. RICHARDSON. The question I wish
to get at is this: If we we go into the com-
mittee this morning, does not the bill now before
the House, as unfinished business, come up to-
morrow, or any subsequent morning, as the first
business in order ?
The SPEAKER. It is the first business in
order, and the gentleman's colleague [Mr. Bis-
sell] is entitled to the floor, and cannot be de-
prived of it by a motion to go into Committee of
the Whole.
Mr. ROBINSON. I desire to ask whether the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Richardson] can
make the motion to go into the committee if there
is any objection ?
The SPEAKER. It would be perfectly in or-
der if the gentleman can get the floor to make the
motion, but he cannot do it while his colleague
[Mr. Bissell] is upon the floor upon the unfin-
ished business of yesterday.
Mr. BISSELL. I yield the floor to my col-
league to make the motion.
Mr. STUART. I wish the attention of the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Richardson] for a
moment. It is perfectly obvious, in the present
condition of things, that we can do nothing in the
Committee of the Whole upon the territorial busi-
ness, until we come to some understanding with
gentlemen in the House; and, unless we can get
such understanding, we had better discuss all
these measures in the House. I ask the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Richardson] to allow the
discussion to go on in the House until such a state
of things can be arrived at.
Mr. RICHARDSON. It is my intention, upon
getting into the House, to endeavor to obtain the
floor, and move to terminate debate upon each of
