2274
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 20,
and Gaston Railway Company; upon which bill
the demand for the previous question was pend-
ing. 1 - ' -
• Mr. STUART. I move to lay that bill upon
the fable. . ..
Mr. COBB. I would suggest to the gentleman
from Michigan, that Judge Daniel, who is deeply-
interested in this matter, has .lately lost his son,
which detains him at* home, and it would be a
matter of courtesy to pass this matter over until
-her-eturns.
Mr. STUART. By the unanimous consent of
the Housg, I wilt withdraw my motion, and ask
that the billbe passed over informally.
Mr. MOREHEAD. No, sir; I object;
« Mr. ORR moved that the rules be suspended,
and that the House resolve itself into th,e Commit-
ter of the Whole ,on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The Chair doubts whether
that motion isin order. There has been no action
in the House since a similar motion has'been dis-
posed of.
Mr. STUART. There has been no question
taken.
Mr. ORR. ' There has been a motion made to
lay the bill upon the table.
The question was then taken on Mr. Orr's
motion, and on a division there were—ayes 60,
noes 66.
So the House refused to go into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
• The. question now being the motion to lay
the bill upon the table,
•Mr. ROBBINS demanded the yeas arid nays.
Mr. DAWSON called for tellers upon the yeas
and nays,; which were ordered; and Messrs. Ste-
vens, of Pennsylvania, and-king, of New York,
were appointed.
The House was divided, and the tellers report-
ed 37 in the affirmative.
So-the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BUELL.^ I call for the reading of the bill.
The bill was read by the Clerk.
The question was then taken on Mr. Stuart's
motion, and there were—yeas 81, nays 80; as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Chasles Allon, Allison, Bennett, TCibig-
hau% J. H. Royd, Breckinridirv*, Buell, Burrows, Busby,
Joseph Cable, Thompson Campbell, Carter, Chandler,
Chapman, Clark, Conger, John G, I>avis, Dawson, Dean,
Dimmick, Doty, Dunham, Eastman, Edgcrton, Fickhn,
Florence, Floyd, Fowler, Henry M. Fuller, Gamble, CJay-
iord, Gllmore, Goodenow, Goodrich, Green, EJamilton,
Hammond, Haven, Xfonn, Uorsfoid, John W Howe3 T.
M. Howe, fnjrersoll, Ives, Jenkins, Andrew Johnson, R.
W. Johnson, Darnel T. Jones, George W. Jones, George
G. Kmc:, Preston King, Kurtz, Lnckhart, Martin, McLan-
ahan, Miner, Henry D. Moore, Murray, Newton, Andrew
Parker, Penniman, Perkins, Piice, Reed, Robbms, Robie,
Schoonmaker, >3cudder, Patfid L. Seymour, Skrlton, Ben-
jamin Stanton, T. Steven®, Stratton, Stuart, Sweetser,
Thurston, Townshend, Tuck, Washburn, Weils, and
Wildrick—81.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, William Appleton, Averett, T.
H. Bayly, Beale, Bocock. Bowie, Bowne, Bragg. Brenton,
Briggs, Brooks, Albert G. Brown, George H. Brown, E«
Carnngton Cabell, Caldwell, Caskie, Chastain, Clingman,
Cobb, Colcook, George T. Davie, Disney, Dockoiy, Dun-
can, Edimmdson, Evans, Faulkner, Fitch, Gentry, Grey,
Hall, Harper, Isham G. Harris, Sampson W. Harris, Haw's,
Hebanl, Hendricks, Holladay, Houston, Ilowairl, Thomas
Y. How, Jackson, Landry, Maee, McCoikle, MeMulhn,
McQueen, Miller, Million, Molony, John Moore, More-
head, Murphy, Olds, Orr, Outlaw, Samuel W. Parkei,
Perm, Polk, Porter, Powell, Roes, Scurry, Smith, Stanly,
Frederick P. Stanton, Abraham P. Stephens, St. Martin,
Strotlier, Taylor, Venable, Wallace, Walsh, Watkms,
Welch, Addison White, Alexander White, Wilcox, and
Yates—80.
So the bill was laid upon the table.
The SPEAKER. The next biil in order is
Senate bill No. 67, " for the relief of John A.
McGraw, of New York."
Mr. VENABLE. I move to reconsider the
votebywhich the bill "for the relief of the Raleigh
and Gaston Railroad" was laid on the table.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from North
Carolina cannot make that motion, as he did not
vote with the majority.
Mr. CARTTER. For the accommodation of
the gentleman from North Carolina, I make the
motion to reconsider.
Mr. BUELL." I move to lay the motion to re-
consider upon the table;
Mr. VENABLE. I ask for the yeas and nays
on that motion.
The SPEAKER. The motion to reconsider
will be entered, but it must go over, as there is
another bill now before the House.
Mr. POLK, Is.it in order to move that the
rules be -suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whtoleon the state
of the Union ? . .
The SPEAKER. ' In the opinion of the Chair,
it is in order.
Mr. POLK. Then-1 submit that motion.
Mr. WASHBURN. I call for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Polk's
motion, and it was*agreed to.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The rules were-accordingly suspended, and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of' the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Fjcklin
in the chair,) and resumed the consideration . of
House bill No. 240,'" making appropriations for
the naval service for the year ending June 30,
1853."
The CHAIRMAN stated that the pending ques-
tion before the committee wUs the motion of the
gentleman from Tennessee - [Mr. Polk] to strike
out the following clause: •
" Norfolk, Virginia : For storehouse No. 14, wharf north
side of timber dock, culvert, dredging-machine, and repairs
of all kinds. $80,732^0."
Mr. MILLSON. Has any speech been made
in opposition to that amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair believes that
there has not.
Mr. MILLSON. My friend from Ohio [Mr,
Cartter] intimated yesterday that, instead of
an attempt to protect the timber, one ought rather
to be made to protect the Treasury from the dep-
redations of the marine-worm. Sir, thefigure was
very striking and original, and perhaps the hit was
a very happy one. I only wonder that it should
have occurred to any gentleman who voted for the
Collins line appropriation, as the gentleman from
Ohio did; or perhaps that is the very reason that
it did occur to the honorable gentleman from Ohio.
But will my friend deny the necessity for protect-
ing the public property at navy-yards from the
depredations of the marine-worm ? Does he know
nothing of its ravages? Does he not know that
there is deposited at these navy-yards, and par-
ticularly at the navy-yard at Gosport, a large quan-
tity of timber, and other very valuable property
of all descriptions, worth between $2,000,000 and
$3,000,000 ? Does he not see the wisdom and ne-
cessity of protecting those valuable deposits by
the expenditure of a small sum of money? Why,
then, does the gentleman manifest so much zeal
in opposition to this appropriation? Why do the
members of the Committee of Ways and Means
resist with so much pertinacity the attempt to re-
store at least a portion of these estimates? The
gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Phelps] said on
yesterday that all the reductions made by the
Committee of Ways and Means had been well
considered by them. I ask that gentleman, or
any other member of the Committee of Ways and
Means, to tell this House the reason why they
struck out the estimates for appropriations for
completing the timber-dopk and quay-wharves at
Gosport? 1 should like to know, sir, what that
reason was, and I will allow them now to state it.
No reason has been given,and none can be given.
Unless these gentlemen can give the House some
reason for striking out these estimates, I ask with
what grace can they urge the House to confine the
appropriations to the amounts recommended by
them? I find that it would be a hopeless task to
attempt to restore the whole of the appropria-
tions estimated for by the Secretary of the Navy,
but stricken out by the Committee of Ways and
Means. I shall not again urge it, but I shall pres-
ently offer two amendments, having in view the
restoration of what I consider the most important
of them.
The question was then taken on the amendment,
and it was not agreed to.
Mr. MILLSON. I move to add at the end of
line one hundred and twenty-five these words:
And for extending quay-wharves, $25,000.
Mr. Chairman, I shall call for tellers upon that
amendment, and I ask the attention of the House
to the reasons which constrain me to offer it here.
Now, sir, the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Cart-
ter,] in commenting yesterday upon these amend-
ments, seemed to speak with an air of injured
innocence, as if he supposed that some wrong was
attempted to be done to the country, by asking
the Representatives of the people to protect their
own "property against loss. . Sir, I haye no interest
in this .matter. My constituents have no partic-
ular or exclusive interest in it; and it is only be-
cause I happen to represent the district in which
this navy-yard is situated, and that it is therefore
made my especial duty to be somewhat acquainted
with its condition, that I trouble the House at afl
about it. It is a matter of as much interest t©
other gentlemen as it is to me. If there is any
gentleman here who supposes that I would pro-
pose or vote for appropriations for the particular
benefit of my own constituents, and not demanded"
by the public welfare—though I do not believe
there is any such gentleman here—he does me
much injustice. I would not do it. My constit-
uents would not ask me to do it; and I do them
but justice when I say that if I were to attempt it,
I should not long represent them on this floor. I
would vote as readily as any. other man against
any proposition, the object of which was to ex-
pend money unnecessarily in my district. But
the object for which this amendment provides, is
to continue an existing work of "great necessity.
I ask the Clerk to read an extract from the letter
of the former commandant of the yard, showing
the necessity for the work.
The Clerk read the extract, as follows:
" The entire line of quay-wharves cannot, in my opinion ,
be completed too soon for the public interests. To keep up
the temporary water front at this yard, which is entirely
made ground,, and to prevent its sliding into the nver, fre-
quent piling has to be resorted to. The«e piles last but a
short time, as the marine-worm, which is perhaps more
destructive at tins, than at any- other station, often cuts
through them jn one season. In point of economy, there-
fore, it is desirable to finish the permanent stone wharves
as early as piacticable."
Now, Mr. Chairman, if any member of the
Committee of Ways and Means can assign to the
House any reason for not continuing that work
and completing it as soon "as possible, I will yield
the floor to him in order that he may do so. The
work must be done, and the only conceivable rea-
son which should prevent an appropriation now
would be, that at this time there was not money
in the Treasury sufficient to accomplish the work.
But we have abundant means in the Treasury.
The wo.rk must be done, and the sooner it is done
the better. It has been commenced; it is now un-
finished, and your property is subject to daily in-
jury and loss. If it is to be completed at any
time, I ask why not now, at once, unless it be
that there is some particular reason why all the
available funds of the Government are required for
other public uses, at this particular moment. We
all know this is not the case.
Mr. CARTTER. I am opposed to this amend-
ment, and for some of the reasons that I assigned
hastily on yesterday. I believe, as the honorable
member from the Norfolk district has stated, that
he would not designedly ask a profligate expendi-
ture in his district. But it strikes me, that he
holds these navy-yards, and the lumber inside of
them, animate and inanimate, in too high estima-
tion. We have expended on this Navy, if I rec-
ollect aright, upwards of $146,000,000, and that
principally since the war of 3812. What is the
product of it? Why, the product is, that you
hatfe got in this Navy officers enough to man
■every vessel belonging to this Government, from
the yard-arm down, and only about forty of them
in employment. You have got a mass of crafts
constructed under the genius of this Navy—a
genius worked out by idleness and profligacy, in
many instances, to correspond with the intellect-
ual character that governs this department—a
mass of crafts utterly unavailable for protective
purposes; crafts without speed and without value.
You have just been informed by the honorable
member from the Norfolk district that there is
$4,000,000 worth of timber 
Mr. MILLSON. I said between two and three
millions.
Mr. CARTTER. Well, then, you are told
that you have got between two and three millions
of property in this one yard. What is the re-
sult? Why, that there shall be an annual request
made to this Congress, not to put that property
into a shape of practical utility to the Government,
but that you shall fence it in, and keep it in that
unproductive condition. Now, as I remarked on
yesterday, it would be far better to burn it up;
and if you could extinguish with it the old fogy
uselessness of the human material* of the Navy,
