1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2275
as it now exists, it would be the greatest God-send
that could come upon this Republic.
The gentleman says, I voted for the Collins
line. I did vote for that line, and will do it again,
and will keep doing it, until the rivalry of that
civil and war marine shall extinguish, m the con-
trast it is furnishing to the world, that cancer Upon
the public trade.
Mr. BOCOCK. I have an amendment to offer.
I move to decrease the'amount in the amendment
of my colleague [MivMillson] $5,000. I sub-
mit the amendment, and leave it to the committee,
without troubling .it with any remarks at this
time.
Mr. MILLSON. lam opposed to that amend-
ment. The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Cartter]
has said not one word which has the slightest
applicability to the amendment which I intro-
duced. If you were acting upon a bill proposing
to disband the Navy, the remarks from the gentle-
man from Ohio would be altogether pertinent;
but we are engaged in the consideration of a bill
for the maintenance of the Navy, and the simple
inquiry is, whether ,the appropriation I have
asked or suggested is necessary to maintain the
existing establishment. But the gentleman did
say one word in opposition to a view which I pre-
sented. He says, I declared that there is about
three millions worth of property at the Gosport
navy-yard, in an unprotected state. Sir, I said
the whole amount of property at the Gosport
navy-yard, embracing the articles under the super-
vision of the Bureau ofYards and Docks, the Bu-
reau of Ordnance and Hydrography, and the
Bureau of Construction, Equipment, and Repairs,
is between two and three million dollars, exactly
$2,372,000—a larger amount than there is in any
other navy-yard in the country, and as large as
can be found m five other navy-yards. Everybody
knows it is the most extensive and important
navy-yard we have. It is designed not merely for
the present wants of our swelling population and
growing Navy. It is not to be supposed that fifty
or a hundred years hence we will only have
demand for the same number of vessels as now.
Our policy should be to improve these naval estab-
lishments in such a manner as to provide for the
prospective as well as the present wants of the
service.
Now, sir, the Government have commenced a
line of quay-walls, constructed of stone, which
they have partially completed. At the upper end
the ground is what is called made-ground, and of
such a character as to require to be secured.
"Wooden piles are now used, which soon decay
and require constant repairs. And the question is,
whether you will not diminish this expense and
save the Government from loss, by the erection of
this wall. I say again, that this appropriation is
demanded for the protection of that navy-yard.
It was sanctioned by Congress when they first or-
dered the construction of the wall. You will have
the depth of water in the river diminished by the
washing away of this loose material, and you will
he compelled to go to considerable expense for
clearing out the channel with dredging-macbines,
so as to remove the impediments in the way of
navigation, if this work is not completed, ft is
recommended by the Secretary of the Navy, by
the Commandant of the Yard, and by the Chief of
the Bureau. I know myself that it is of the utmost
importance that the work should be completed.
Can any member of the Committee of Ways and
Means assign any reason why it should not be
continued? If so, I will yield the floor to him for
that purpose. Both the Secretary of the Navy and
the Chief of the Bureau have expressed to me their
regret that the reduction was made by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means. I say again, that
neither I nor my constituents have any peculiar
interest in this matter. 1 know what the wants
of the Government require, and therefore I think
it my duly to inform the House, and then let the
responsibility be upon it.
The question now being upon the amendment
to the amendment,
Mr. BOCOCK, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment.
Mr. DEAN. I move to reduce the amendment
of the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Millson) to
$24,000. I do it for the purpose of saying that I
see no reason for quarreling with the Committee
of Ways and Means ;or their action in reducing ;
the estimates upon this *.avai appropriation bill;
but I rise now more particularly for the purpose of
doing what I should have done on yesterday, had
1 been in myseat,when the gentleman from North
Carolina [Mr. Stanly] alluded to a report of some
remarks made by me, in the Intelligencer of yes-
terday morning. I did not hear of this matter
until last evening, when I called at the Globe Of-
fice, and examined the report of what he said.
I can only say the gentleman was entirely mis-
taken in relation to what I said the day before, if
he supposed I made any such charge, or any
such allusion to the late Secretary of the Navy
as he indicated. What I did say was, that un-
der his management, there were abuses existing
in the Navy* I alluded to the fact of there being
nearly $500,000 paid this year to officers waiting
orders. I further said, which is true, that during
the first year of his administration, the expenses
of the Navy increased $3,000,000.
Now, I must say, for that reason, I am in favor
of retrenchment. The National Intelligencer has
not reported me as the gentleman says. It has
reported, essentially, what I said. I will read the
paragraph alluded to:
" He believed that our Navy, under its present manage-
ment—especially under the management of the late Secre-
tary—had been oneof the corruptest sources of abuse in the
Government,"
Now, the reports in the National Intelligencer,
so far as I have seen them, are ordinarily more
correct than any I have seen of abbreviated re-
ports; but in this instance they have made a mis-
take, by inserting a word I did not use, and which
I did not intend at all. I intended to say what I re-
peat now, that under the management of the late
Secretary ofthe Navy, the expenditures ofthat De-
partment increased enormously; and being in a
time of peace, I can see no reason whatever for it.
Mr. MILLSON. I am opposed to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Dean.] I have nothing to say in reply to his
general remarks, which do not relate to this sub-
ject. I wish, however, to say a word in reply to
an observation which fell from the gentleman from
New York, lest it might be supposed that I was
quarreling with the Committee of Ways and
Means. I beg to say to that gentleman and to
this committee, that 1 designed 110 such thing. I
did not quarrel with the Committee of Ways and
Means. I believe the reductions they have made
have been from what they believed a juat spirit of
economy; and I heartily sympathize with them in
that spirit. I entirely approve of their efforts to
reduce the expenditures of the Government within
economical limits. But these reductions must be
wisely made, and I do not believe the Committee
of Ways and Means themselves would have re-
duced the estimates now under consideration, if
this bill had been prepared at a later period of the
session. I know, when they had these matters
under consideration, it was a matter of some doubt
what amount would be left in the Treasury. I
went before the committee on two occasions. 1
will not state the conversation which occurred
there, but I will say, that from what was said to
me, I inferred that several of these appropriations
were struck out because the committee had not
then the assurance that there would be a large
sum of money m the Treasury at the expiration
of the fiscal year.
Mr. PHELPS. If the gentleman will allow
me, I will explain what governed me in relation
to the item he is now advocating. I will inquire
if it is not in relation to the quay-walls in Gosport
navy-yard'
Mr. MILLSON. It is.
Mr..PHELPS. I do not recollect exactly the
extent of the quay-wall which is there now; but
the amendmentof thegentleman from Virginiapro-
poses a further extension of that wall. Now, the
Committee of Ways and Means were of the opin-
ion that such an extension was not necessary for
the purposes of shipping, or anything else, except
to beautify and adorn that navy-yard. It is said
that the wall should be further extended so far as
to prevent the river from injuring the property at
that point. The committee were fully advised
with regard to that matter. There is now a wharf
where it is proposed this quay-wall shall be ex-
tended. It is composed of wooden piles, which
are driven down, and which, as we are aware,
very soon decay. But the committee were of
opinion that another structure than a quay-wall
might be constructed much cheaper, and which
would answer the purpose much better at this
time. That was the reason which operated upon
my mind in inducing me to come-to the conclu-
sion which I did in relation to this quay-wall..
Mr. MILLSON. I am glad to hear the gentle-
man's explanation; and I will leave the committee
to judge of the sufficiency of the reasons. It
seems that some members of that committee sup-
posed that instead of this masonry work, timber
would answer just as'well to secure this property
from injury by being washed away into the river.
Mr. PHELPS. Not at all.
Mr. MILLSON. What then ?
Mr. PHELPS. I will state that, from the
opinion I had received, I thought a further exten-
sion of this quay-wall was unnecessary; that for
all purposes of mooring vessels, and for the pur-
pose of receiving supplies, and for every purpose
for which such a wall was needed by the Navy,
they had a sufficient -extension of wharf already
at Gosport.
Mr. MILLSON. This.is still worse. I never
heard before that the water-line of a navy-yard
should not be protected from crumbling or wash-
ing away. It seems, from the remarks of the gen-
tleman from Missouri, that there is to be no secur-
ity at all furnished for this artificially-made land.
That is not to he protected from the washing of the
river, because there is no necessity of having a
greater line of wharves than nour exists.
Mr. DEAN, by consent, withdrew the amend-
ment.
Mr. STUART. I move to reduce the appro-
priation one dollar. I do it for the purpose of
submitting a few remarks upon this question.
It must be obvious to every gentleman who has
given even a casual obseivation to the Navy, that
one of two results must take place. Either some
of its friends—its real friends—must undertake a
revision of the whole affair, so as to produce the ne-
cessary amount of retrenchment, or the whole of
that arm ofthe service must be abandoned; for if it
goes on in the same ratio of increase as it has done
for several years past, and the same means are
used to produce that increase which have been
used, the Treasury of this country must and will
come to a point when it cannot supply its demands.
Now, look at this case. It is said the command-
ant of the yard makes a recommendation. Who
is he, sir? An officer of the Navy, who, however
honest he may be, desires to beautify and adorn
this particular yard—not only to the extent neces-
sary for its protection, but to extend it in the most
expensive and permanent style; such as would vie
with any portion of the Old Country, under the
direction and with the puiseof its most expensive
proprietors. Now, sir, this country cannot carry
out such a system. An officer of the Navy makes
a recommendation, the Secretary of the Navy
sanctions the recommendation, and Congress is
called upon to make the appropriation, for the
reason that the naval officers recommended it.
This is no reason at all. Sir, we must rely upon
some committee. We must rely upon the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, whose duty it cer-
tainly is to examine this question, and to omit
such appropriations as they may deem unneces-
sary.
Mr. PHELPS. If the gentleman from Michi-
gan will permit me, I desire to say one word.
The gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Millson] has
urged the necessity of constructing this quay-wharf.
If "I understand it, that necessity has existed for
several "years past, and this is the first time for
two years past that an estimate has been submitted
from the Navy Department, for the further exten-
sion of this quay-wharf now in process of con-
struction.
Mr. MILLSON. Will the gentleman allow
me to explain that matter?
Mr. PHELPS. I have in my hand the printed
estimates, which I will have read if the gentleman
desires.
Mr. MILLSON. I know that much of this
made ground has been deposited along the side of
the river within the last twelve months, and it
ought to be protected without delay.
Mr. STUART. Five minutes is a short time
to speak on any subject, and I desire to resume
my time and go on. 1 was saying that the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, whose duty it is to
examine this question, has emitted the appropri-
ation for which the gentleman contends. Now,
