500
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 6,
Mr. BARRERE. I think it is perfectly ger-
mane. , „ _
Mr. MASON. I take an appeal from the de-
cision of the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides, that
the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Barrere] is in order. From that decision the
gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. MasonJ takes an
appeal. The question is, Shall the opinion of the
Chair stand as the judgment of the committee?
The question was then taken ypon the appeal,
and it was decided in the affirmative.
So the decision of the'Chair was sustained.
Mr. BARRERE. I think the motion I made
is perfectly germane. As this bill authorizes land
warrants to be issued and made assignable, it is
proper, I think, that we should extend this privi-
lege as far as the principles of this are required to
be extended. I am not favorable to a system of
bounty lands, but inasmuch as we have such a
system we should have it predicated upon such
principles as will operate fairly upon all classes
alike. Now, I cannot see any reason why the
officers or soldiers who served in the late war, and
who have died and left minor children, should re-
ceive any advantage from this bounty land act,
while the heirs of the officers and soldiers who
have served in St. Clair's campaign, in Hemar's
campaign, in 1811, when there was an Indian war
in the State of Indiana, and those too who served
in the war of 1812, who have died and have not
happened to leave minor children and widows,
do not get any of the benefits of the act. The
heirs of none of these persons get any land war-
rants. I have received more letters upon this
subject than upon the subject of making warrants
assignable. Tnere are cases in the section of coun-
try which I represent, where soldiers who served
in thecampaignsof Hamar, St. Clair, and Wayne,
and in 1812, 1813, and 1814, lo winch I have al-
luded, have died, leaving widows, who are now
deceased also, and where the heirs-at-law do not
deriveanv benefit from this bounty land law. Now,
if these lands are given by the United States to pay
for services which these men have rendered, and if
they deserve such bounty for their services, I think
that justice requires that the heirs of these persons
slibuld be entitled to the benefits of such bounty. 1
think the heirs-at-law of those men, who settled in
the western country and turned out in its defence
in the various wars that have taken place, are as
much entitled to their complement of land, as are the
widows of the soldiers themselves. I think if we
will look upon it in that light, that we will make
the bill in form as it ought to be. I should have
been far from offering this proposition at this
time, had I not been induced to do so by the
numerous letters I have received from my district,
and from the belief that the wishes of my distnct
expressed in those letters is in accordance with
the tnie principles that ought to be ingrafted into
this bill.
Mr. PULLER, of Maine. I offer the follow-
ing amendment to the amendment of the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Barrere:]
And tliat if any person who may be entitled to bonntv land
under the act of Septembers, 1850, shall die after Ins ap
plication and completion of proot, the land certificate so
granted shall descend to, and maybe located by his heirs
or legal repiosentatives.
I desire to state to the House this fact, and I
state it because the cases arose under my own ob-
servation. There have passed through my hands
to the Commissioner of Pensions, quite a number
of applications for bounty lands. I have had
some half dozen cases, where the applicants have
died since filing their declarations, which have laid
in the office for some years. Now, I find the land
warrants issuing for these persons, who have left
no legal representatives, widows, or such heirs as
are provided for by the law. I desire, and I think
it is but right, if it is the sense of the House, that
the heirs and legal representatives of that class of
persons—many of whom were young—should be
entitled to these certificates, after the original ap-
plicants have been to the trouble of making their
declarations and filing their proof.
Here is a young man who has died, leaving:
neither a wife nor children; but the certificate
has issued. Now, in such a case as that 1 wish
provision to be made, that the certificate shall s-o
to the collateral heirs or legal representatives, and
the claim be allowed, without requiring: a new ap-
plication and new proof.
Mr. FOWLER. I am opposed to this and to
all amendments, and I am entirely sick of this
talk. Let us have the question.
The qxiestion was then taken on Mr. Fuller's
amendment to the amendment, and it was not
agreed to.
Mr. COBB. I have been here too long not to
know that a speech at this time would not be ac-
ceptable from anybody. I offer the amendment
which I send to the Chair, and ask that a vote
may be taken upon it. We have now got clear of
the registers and receivers, and this amendment is
intended for the benefit of a very meritorious class
of our- citizens.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman offer
it as an amendment to the amendment ?
Mr. COBB. We have voted down the amend-
ment, have we not?
The CHAIRMAN. No vote has yet been taken
on the amendment.
Mr. COBB. Then I offer it as an amendment
to the amendment.
The Clerk read the amendment, as follows:
Sec. 4. Jind be it further enacted, That in all cases
where the militia or volunteers or State troops of any State
or Territory weie called into military service, and whose
services have been paid by the United States subsequent to
the eighteenth of June, eighteen hundred and twelve, the
officers, soldieis, and teamsters of such militia, volunteers,
or troops, shall be entitled to all the benefits, of the act en-
titled "An act granting bounty land to certain officers and
soldiers who have been engaged in the military service of
the United States," appioved September twenty-eighth,
eighteen hundred and fifty: Provided, That the fust pro-
viso of the fourth section of the act of twenty-eighth of Sep-
tember, eighteen hundred and filty, granting bounty land,
&e., (which excluded members of Congress from the ben-
efits thereof,) be, and the same js hereby repealed.
Mr. COBB. I want merely to remark, that,
my amendment also proposes to repeal the proviso
of the act of September 28th, 1850, which excluded
members of Congress from the benefit of the act.
Fortunately, I am not a soldier, so that this pro-
vision will not apply to me.
Mr. CARTTKR. Unfortunately, you mean.
Mr. COBB. No, sir; fortunately now, as I ,
have offered the amendment. The bill of 1850 j
excluded members of Congress from the benefits
qf that act, and the proviso to this amendment
places them upon the same footing as other sol-
diers who did not happen to be members of Con-
gress.
The first part of the amendment provides for a
class of men whom it was intended to provide for
by the act of September 28th, 1850, but by a forced
construction of the Secretary of the Interior, they
have been excluded from the benefits of that act.
I have deemed it my duty towards these individ-
uals to endeavor to get this amendment passed;
but if the HoUse thinks it ought not to pass, why
let it go.
Mr. FOWLER. I object to this amendment,
and call for the question.
Air. COBB. One woid more.
[Cries of ''Order!"]
Mr. COBB. I have not exhausted my five
minutes.
Mr. FOWLER. I call the gentleman to order.
Mr. COBB. I care nothing about it 
[Loud cries of "Order!"!
The question was then taken on Mr. Cobb's
amendment to the amendment, and it was not
agreed to.
The question recurring on Mr. Barrere's
amendment, it was put and the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Virginia. I offer the
following as an additional section to the bill:
%dnd be it further enacted, That any sale oi assignment
of such wariant heietoloie made for a valuable consider-
ation, !-haIl be deemed valid as though such warrant had
been assignable at the time of sale or assignment.
I shall make no speech, being satisfied that if
the amendment does not recommend itself to the
House, nothing I can say will secure its passage.
The question was then taken on the amendment,
and it was not agreed to.
Mr. VEiNfABLE moved that the committee rise,
and report the bill as amended to the House;
which motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose, and the Speak-
er having resumed the chair, the chairman of the
committee reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union had had the
Union generally under consideration, and particu-
larly the special order of the House, being Senate
bill 146, entitled " An act to make land warrants
assignable, and for other purposes," and had di-
rected him to report the same back to the House
with amendments',and with a recommendation that
the amendments be agreed to and that the bill do
pass. '
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee, moved the pre-
vious question.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I understand that
my colleague moves the previous question on the
bill 8nd on the amendments.
The SPEAKER. It covers both.
The previous question was]then seconded and the
main question ordered.
The SPEAKER stated the first question to be
on concurring in the amendmentof the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, to add at
the end of the first section of the bill the following:
Provided, That the warrants which have been, or may
hereafter be issued, in pursuance of said act or of this act, ^
may be located upon any lands of the United States subject'
to private entry at the tune of such location, at the minimum
price. Provided further, That when said warranls shall be
located upon lands which are subject to entry at a greater
minimum than one dollar and twenty-live cents pei acre, the
ioeators of said warrants shall pay to the'United States, in
cash, the difference between the value of such warranisat
one dollar and twenty-five cent? per acre, and the tract of
land located on.
The question was then put, and it was decided
in the affirmative.
So the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. HALL. When that amendment was adopt-
ed in committee, there were sections to the bill
authorizing the issue of warrants, but those sec-
tions were subsequently stricken out, and there-
fore I would suggest that the words 44 or of this
act" be stricken out; they mean nothing.
The SPEAKER. It can only be done by unan-
imous consent.
Mr. FITCH objected.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the amendment was con-
curred in, and to lay the motion to reconsider upor*
the table; which latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER stated the next question to be
on concurring in the amendment of the committee t<>
strike out all after the first section of the bill, com-
prising the following sections, viz:
Sfc. 2 And be it further enacted, That the register
and receivers of the land offices, shall hereafter be sever-
ally authorized to cbaige and receive for their services in
locating all military bounty land wan ants, i«<?ued since the
eleventh day of February, eighteen hundred and forty-
seven, the same compensation or percentage to which they
are entitled by law for sales of the public lands for cash, at
the rate of one dollar and twenty-five cents per acre, the
said compensation to be hereafter paid by the assignee1? or
holders of such warrants where they have been transferred
under the provisions of any act of Congress, and the regu-
lations of the General Land Office; and to be paid oufof
the Tiea&ury of the United States upon the adjustment of
the accounts of such officers, where it shall be shown to
the satisfaction of the Commissioner of the General Land
Office that the warrant was located by the soldier or war-
rantee, or his next of km, as provided for by law.
Sew. 3. Jlndbe it Jurther enacted, That registers and
receiver, whether in or out of office, at the passage of
this act, or their legal lepresentatives in case of d'eath, shall
be entitled to receive irorn the Treasury of the United
States, for services heretofore performed in locating mili-
tary bounty land warrants, the same rate of compensation
provided in the preceding section for services hereafter to
be peifonned, after deducting the amount already received
by such officeis under the act entitled "An act to require
the holders of military land warrants to compensate the
land officeis of the United States for services in relation to
the location of those warrants*," approved May seven-
teenth, eighteen hundred and forty-eight: Provided That
no icgister or receiver shall receive any compensation out
of the Trea«my for past services, who has charged atid re-
ceived illegal fees for the location of such warrants- jind
provided further, That no register or receiver shall re-
ceive for to, services duiinc any year, a greater compensa-
tion than the maximum now allowed by law.
Sec. 4. Jlml.le it further enacted, That in all cases
where the militia or volunteers or State troops of any State
or leinfory were called into military serv.ee, and whose
services have been paid by the United States subsequent to
the eighteenth of June, eighteen hnndied and twelve, the
°v nT "°'<I,er3 °f sudl militia, volunteers or troops,
shall he entitled to all the benefits of the act entitled " An
act granting bounty land to certain officers and soldiers who
have been engaged in the military service of the United
States,-' appioved September twenty-eighth, eighteen hun-
( died and fittv, and shall receive lands for their services ac
coiriing to the provisions of said act, upon proof of length
of service as tneiein required; and that the last proviso of
the ninth section of the act of the eleventh of Febi uary eieh
teen hundred and forty-seven, be and the same is heiehy re-
pealed : Provided, 1 hat nothing herein contained shall
authonze bounty land to those who have heretofore received
or become entitled to the same.
Sec. 5. Jlntl be it further enacted. That where anv
company, battalion or regiment, in an organized form
matched more than twenty miles to the place uherethev
were mustered into the se'viee of the United States or
were discharged moie than twentv miles from the pl'ace
where such company, battalion, or regiment was organized:
