1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2277
portion The importance of this navy-yard at
Pensacola is admitted upon all hands; and the
completion of the works there is recommended
by the proper officers of the Government. The,
Secretary says that it is essential to the commer-
cial interest of the whole valley of the Mississippi.
1 beg to read a short extract from the report of
-Commodore Smith, indorsed by the Secretary:
"It is due to the great westerfi portion of our country,
that a navy-yard of the most efficient character be main-
tained on the waters of the'Gulf of Mexico. That sea ne-
cessarily, from natural causes, has become a most import-
ant channel of navigation and commerce; and when the
thiee pa&sage-ways across the continent that are contem-
plated—connecting the Atlantic and Pacific oceans—shall
be available, it will become vet more so; and should col-
lision or war with foreign Powers take place, these waters
will bccome the prominent theater of action, and the
stronger naval power engaged will command the termini of
these passage-ways, as well as the mouth ofthe Mississippi.
The importance, theieiore—indeed I would say the neces-
sity—of fostering the navy-yaid in that quarter, is fully ap-
parent."
The whole country, especially thegreat West—
the constituents of my friend from Ohio, and others
who oppose this appropriation—are much more
interested in this navy-yard than are the people of
Florida. I had a right to expect their coopera-
tion instead of their opposition.
I have a word more to say in reply to the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Cartter,] all of whose
arguments strike at the existence of a Navy. 1,
like him, am in favor of the reforms in that service
which, have been proposed. I advocated the Col-
lins line of steamers. I advocated the contract
system for the construction of steamers. 1 desire
to see the effect of that competition of which he
spoke. But I will say to that gentleman, and I
know that his intelligence must convince him of
the truth of the statement, that these navy-yards
are as absolutely necessary for the preservation of
the class of vessels he wishes to see substituted
for the present system, as they are to our existing
naval establishment.
In regard to the improvements asked for in this
yard, I will state further to him and the gentleman
from Michigan, [Mr. Stuart,] that not one of the
appropriations I propose, and which were stricken
out by the Committee of Ways and Means, is for
£< the embellishment of the yard." The improve-
ment is ii.jt for " the officers or offices," but for the
workingmen. One portion of the amendment pro-
vides for machine-shops and forges, which are
deemed absolutely necessity to the secure and ;
economical completion of the works, and the in-
creased appropriation is essential, and if not made
now will be asked for next year. The work has
to be done some time or other; the money is
in the Treasury, and it is deemed a matter of
economy that it should be done now. For the
reasons I have stated, I hope the amendment will
be adopted. The Committee of Ways and Means
cut down the estimates of the Department from
$162,782 to $88,044. My motion is to restore
the original appropriation.
Mr. CARTTER.. I am opposed to the amend-
ment, for the reason that I fully concur with the
Committee of Ways and Means in their effort to ;
restrict the expenditures at these navy-yards,and j
for the reason lying back of that: if the improve- !
ment of these navy-yards is to result in the prod- j
uct they have heretofore produced, then I go for !
destroying them. When my friend from Florida, ,
and the friends of these navy-yards, will bring j
forth craft and put them into daily service in car- I
rying your mails and your ministers, instead of j
sending them on three years'^cruises to lay dis- I
mantled and idle in the Bay of Naples, with the :
officers on shore idling, I will extend as liberal !
appropriations as he will for the Navy. But until j
you curtail the proportions of the Navy, until it '
js whipped by a rival marine that does partake of .
civil qualities, you may spend and expend upon ;
it from now till eternity without producing any
reform. I became satisfied three years ago, that _
the only way to regenerate this Navy was to
starve it out, and to patronize a rival militia upon ,
the seas. Wh)7, sir, how was it in your Mexican
war with these old hulks floating around your ,
docks at New Orleans ? You had to hire merchant ;
craft to transport your soldiers. They had raised ;
themselves above that practical employment. ;
Much has been said by gentlemen on this floor 1
♦>f the great value of the Navy to the country. j
They are careful to deal in general terms, and are .
cautious to avoid any detailed statement from
which its aggregate value can be estimated. Now,
sir, I have taken the trouble to ascertain, from a
reliable source, the history of a three years' cruise,
from which one of the finest ships of the Navy
has 'recently arrived, from which a pretty correct
estimate may be formed of the whole concern.
The razee Independence, the flag-ship of the
squadron in the Mediterranean sea, under the com-
mand of Commodore Charles W. Morgan, ar-
rived at Naples from the United States, on the 14th
of September, 1849, and sailed thence for home
on the 29th day of March, 1852, having been upon
that station over two and a half years.
Now, sir, will it be credited, that, of these thirty
months and over, seventeen months (five hun-
dred and ten days) were passed in idleness—at
anchor in the beautiful bay of Naples, a locality
of less commercial interest to the United States
than almost any other capital in the Mediterra-
nean—and that more than five months were passed
at anchor in the bay of Spezzia, making nearly
twenty-three months, out of thirty months,
squandered between Naples and Spezzia, both of
the smallest commercial consideration?
During all this time, or very nearly all of it.
Commodore Morgan lived on shore, with his fam-
ily, visiting the Independence only at rare inter-
vals. His continued absence from duty does not
appear from the log-book of the ship, but was
known to all. He rarely, if ever, as J am in-
formed, visited any of the ships of the squadron
for exercise or inspection, and never practiced his
squadron of five ships in fleet-saihng, naval evo-
lutions, or gun practice. Once only, in a ser-
vice of three years, the crew of his flag-ship were
exercised in target-firing! It is presumed that the
Secretary of the Navy did not neglect to give di-
rections, in regard to these important matters, in
his letter of instructions to Commodore Morgan.
And yet, Mr. Preston and Mr. Giaham, in their
official annual reports, speak in terms of praise
and commendation of the activity of the Mediter-
lanean squadron! Now, sir, Commodore Mor-
gan will have credit, in the Navy Register, for more
than three years' " sea service," for this cruise—
let us see with what justice or propriety, in all
the year 1850, he was at sea in the Independence
not over forty-eight days, ten days of which
the ship was towed about by the steamer Missis-
sippi ! In 1851 he was at sea in his flag-ship but
seventeen days, and twelve days in the Mississippi,
the residue of that year, about eleven months,
having been passed with his family at Naples, or i
at the baths of Lucca in the interior of Tuscany. |
Thus for seventy-seven days afloat, or at sea in j
these two years, this commodore is allowed his full j
sea pay and credited for sea service. ;
I understand it to be required by the naval !
regulations, that the broad pennant of a commo- ;
dore shall be constantly displayed from the main- ;
top of his flag-ship. And yet, m the face of this ,
regulation, during the summer of 1851, which !
Commodore Morgan passed at Lucca, he sent the
Independence on a cruise, with instructions to
hoist his broad pennant on a given day, and the
pennant, the insignia of his presence, was worn
on that ship, when he was a thousand miles dis-
tant from her; but subsequently, for some reason i
known to himself, the captain of the ship hauled ]
it down, and there ceased to be any evidence of !
the presence of a commodore on the station for a j
considerable time, although he was receiving his
$4,000 per annum for his arduous services. ;
Now, it is an interesting inquiry, what was the .
expense to the Government of this memorable
cruise J
From the b'est information which I have been
able to obtain, the cost of a ship of the class of
the Independence, properly officered and manned,
is at least §500 per day. In a recent number of
the " Sailors' Magazine," the cost of a razee is
put down $200,000, or a little over $500 per day.
Will any one suppose, while at this immense out-
lay, that the commodore, while his ship was lying
idle in the Bay of Naples, would hire a merchant
vessel to bring supplies of provisions fiom the
depot at Spezzia to Naples? This was actually
done in the winter of 1852, and the cost of the
chaiter ofthe vessel charged to the Government.
Whether that charge has been allowed at the De- ,
partment, I have not learned. It will be a subject j
of future inquiry. ;
Such, sir, has been the cruise of one of your 1
best ships, and such the honor which has been 1
conferred upon the nation by one of the squadron*
of your gallant Navy.
In the early part of December, 1851, order*
were sent from the Navy Department to Commo-
dore Morgan to return to the United States with-
out delay; and yet he disregarded that order, to
prolong his winter's residence at Naples until:th*
29th of the following March. His excuse for th1 
disobedience' was, that the state of affairs in
France requiredvhis presence. What protection
was or could be afforded by an idle frigate in the
Bay of Naples, to the general interests of the
country in France, it would puzzle a wise man to
tell. The truth is, the commodore did not relish
a winter passage to the United States,-and pre-
ferred his ease at Naples.
This disobedience of orders cost Uncle Sam a
round sum. The delay of five months may be
set down at #60,000 at least.
But this was not all. The period of service for
which most of the men had shipped, had expired,
and the Government were subjected to the pay-
ment of twenty-five per cent, advance upon the
wages of about four hundred men, who were un-
justly and cruelly kept from their families and their
homes, after their term of enlistment had expired,
until he could find the weather sufficiently mild to
enable him to cross the Atlantic with safety.
It is not a little singular, that for a similar dis-
obedience of orders, this same commodore was
dismissed from the only command at sea which he
had ever before had. I find that the late Secre-
tary of the Navy, Mr. Upshur, recalled him from
his command in Brazil, with this severe remark:
11 Au oftierr who questions the order* of the Department
instead of obeying them, is no longer fit to he intrusted
with command. Vour successor having been appointed,
>ou ate at liberty to return.''
The passage of the Independence from the Rock
of Gibraltar to the United States, was an extraor-
dimuy one—being forty-two days to New York—
while the merchant vessel Arabellino, which left
Gibraltar simultaneously with the Independence,
arrived m New York in lioenly-four days
When the frigate arrived, she had but six bar-
rels of pork, and no beef, for her officers and crew.
With the valuable wind charts of Lieutenant
Maury on board, in utter disregard of their direc-
tions, the ship was navigated to latitude 210 30'
north, on her passage from Gibraltar to New York,
and thus secured the gentle breezes and tranquil
seas of a southern passage, which were, no doubt,
quite agreeable to the lady passengers.
If, Mr. Chairman, I have done injustice to this
officer or the naval service, by this exposition, my
justification must be found in the truth of every
part of the statements which I have made.
It is no wonder, sir, that the service is at alow
ebb, when such is a sample of duties performed
by our squadrons.
Now, how idle it is to build up and extend navy-
yards with this unproductive and disgraceful result
to the nation. When the gentleman shall propose
that every ship fitted out at your navy-yards shall
enter your mail service, and that your midshipmen
upon their decks shall feel the sea-breeze and en-
counter the storms; that those ships shall be
equipped for the service and the defense of the Re-
public, I will vote as liberally as any other man;
but until I see that reformation take its beginning,
I will not vote one cent.
Mr. HIBBARD. I move to reduce the appro-
priation to one dollar.
The amendment of the gentleman from Florida
is to strike out $88,044, the amount now in the
bill, and in lieu thereof to insert $"f62,782; so that
the appropriation, if the amendment be adopted,
will be—
UVr the Petihaeola navy-jard, .-5162,782.
Now, without proposing to discuss particularly
the merits of this amendment, I will say that the
Committee of Ways and Means, m considering
this bill, examined as carefully as they could this
item, and agreed to appropriate for the Pensacola
navy-yard all they believed necessary, under the
circumstances, and no more. I think now, as I
thought then, that the allowance made by the
committee was unreasonably liberal, in proportion
to what was allowed in other cases; but as it was
agreed to and put m the bill, I was not disposed
to disturb it here. I am opposed to the amend-
f ment, and hope the committee will not adopt it.
| We have heard much complaint in regard to the
i action of the Committee of Ways and Means 1
