1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
501
in all such cases, in computing the lenprtli of service of the
odieeis and soldiers of any such company, battalion, or
regiment, with a view to determine the quantity of land
*u y officer or soldier is entitled to under said act, approved
tweniy-eighth September, eighteen hundred and fifty, there
shall be allowed one day tor every twenty miles from the
place where the company, battalion or regiment was or-
ganized, to the place where the same was mustered into
the scrvicc of the United States; and also one day for
every twenty miles from the place where such company
battalion., or regiment was discharged, to the place where it
way organized, and from whence it marched to enter the
service.
Passed the Senate, January 21, 1852.
Attest: ASBURV DICKINS, Secretary.
Mr. BISSELL demanded the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. HOUSTON". That amendment proposes ]
to strike out several sections, and I desue to in- i
quire of the Chair whether it is not competent for
a separate vote to be taken upon striking out each i
section, if it shall be called for?
The SPEAKER The Chair thinks that it is
not.
Mr. HOUSTON. There are some of the sec-
tions which I would vote with the Committee of
the* Whole on the state of the Union to strike out,
but there are other sections which I desire to re-
tain.
The SPEAKER. The recollection of the Chair
is, that the uniform practice of the House has been
against dividing a proposition of this kind. The j
wiiolehaving been reported as one amendment, the j
Chair thinks it is not competent to divide as the [
gentlemen proposes. :
The question was then taken on concurring with ,
the committee on striking out, and resulted—yeas :
113, nays 66; as follows: I
YEAS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Aiken, Allison, William j
Appleton, Averett, Cabcock, Harden, Dennett, Ruwio, :
Bowne, IJragg, Breckenndge, Brigjjs, George II. Brown, :
iinelL feuirows, Lewis }). Campbell, Cattter, Chapman, I
Ohastain, Colcock, Coitman, Curtis, Daniel, Dawson, Dim- i
inick, Disney, Dunham, Ewnisr, Faulkner, Floyd, Fowler, f
H. M. Fuller, T. J. D. Fuller, Gamble, Gid<hn«<, Goodrich, i
Giow, Harpet.I. G. Harris, Ilart, Hawaii, ilebard, Hibbaid,
Holladay, J. W. IIowe,T. Y How, Huntei, fngerooll, Ives, ;
Jackson, Jenkinc, G. \V. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Pioston i
King, Kuhns, Kurtz, Letchei. Mann, flumplney Mai-shall, |
Mauin, Mason, McDonald, VlcLanahan, McMullin, Mc- j
■Queen, Meacham, Millson, Miner, Henry D. Mooie, Moie- '
head, Morihson, Murray, Nabeis, Newton, Old*, Outlaw,
Peaslee, Perkins, Polk, Powell, Ratitoul. Riddle, Itobbuis,
Robie, Savage, Schennerhoin, Schoolcraft, Sehoomnaker, 1
Scurry, Crimen S. Seymour, Skelton, Stanly, Benjamin '
Stanton, Fiedeuck P. Stanton, Alexandei H. Stephens, :
Stone, Slratton, StiOthci, Sutheiland, Swcetsei, Benjamin 1
Thompson, George \V. Thompson, Thurston, Toomln,
Venable, Walbnd<*e, Wallace, Wells, Addnon White, ,
Wiicov, Williams, and Woodwasd—113. '
NAYS—Messrs. Willis Alien, David J. Bailey, Bairero, |
Bell, Bibighaus, Bissell, Brooks, Bu^by, E. Cumnston Cab- i
ell, Caldwell, Thompson Campbell, Churcluvel), Claik, |
Chngma.il, Cobb, John G. Davis, Dockery. Dotv, Duncan,
Eastman, Evans, Fickhn, Fifch, Freeman, Gayiori!, Goode- i
now, Gorman, Green. Grey, Hall, Hendneks, Houston, A. j
Johnson, J. Johnson, R. W. Johnson, D. T. Jones, G. G.
Kni£, Lockhart, Maeo, McCorkle, McNair, Miller, Molo- S
ny, John Mooie, Murphy, Samuel W. Parkei, Penn, Penm- 1
man, Porter, Price, Robinson, Sackett. DavidL. Seymour, '
Smart, Smith, Richard H. Stanton, Abraham P. Steven*, '
Stuart, Taylor, Townshptid. Ward, Washburn, Watkins, |
Welch, Alexander White, and Yates—66. j
So the House agreed to concur with the Com- |
niittee of the Whole in the amendment. j
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, moved to recon- \
sider the vote just taken, and to lay that motion i
on the table; which latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEPHENS asked for the previous ques- ,
fcion upon the passage of the bill. j
The SPEAIvER. The bill has not yet been 1
engrossed and ordered to a third reading. :
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would suggest !
to the Speaker that this is a Senate bill, and the
question is, therefore, upon ordering the amend-
ments to be engrossed, and the bill to be read a
third time.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is correct.
The amendments were then ordered to be en-
grossed and the bill to be read a third time; and
having been engrossed, the bill received its third
reading.
The question now being, " Shall the bill pass'"
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded the pre-
vious question; which was seconded, and the main
question ordered to be put. ;l
Mr. SWEETSER demanded the yeas and
nays; but they were not ordered. '
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. Before the
bill passes, I rise to a privileged question. 1 move j!
that when this House adjourns, it adjourn to meet ,j
on Monday next. _ ji
Mr. MASON. I desire to ask the Chair, if to- jj
morrow is not private bill day ? , h
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. MASON. I hope we shall at least have
to-morrow for the consideration of private bills.
The question now being upon the adoption of
the resolution,
Mr. DANIEL demanded the yeas and nays;
but they were not ordered.
The question was then taken, and the resolu-
tion was adopted.
The question then recurred upon the passage of
the bill as amended, and, being taken, it was car-
ried in the affirmative.
So the bill passed in the following form, viz:
Be it cnactcdy %c., That all warrants for military bounty
land, which have boon or may hereafter be issued under
any law of the United States, and all valid locations ot the
same, which have been, or may hereafter be made, aie
hereby declared to be assignable, by deed or uistumieiit of
wiiting, made and executed after the taking effect of this
act, according to such form, and pursuant to such regula-
tions as may bepiescribed by the Commissioner^ the Gen-
eral Land Office, so as to vest the asMgnec with all the
rights of the original owners of the warrant or location:
Provide<1, That any person entitled to preemption right to
any land, shall be entitled to u>e any Mich land warrant in
payment of the same, at the late of $1 *25 per acre, for the
quantity of land therein specified: Provided, That the war-
rants winch have been, or may heiealtcr be i^uefL in pur-
suance of said act or of this act, may be Iocatcd upon any
lands of the United States subject to pnvate entiyat the
time of such location, at the minimum piico: Provided fur-
ther, That when s>aid warrants shall be located upon lands
which are subject to entry at a greater minimum than one
dollar and twenty-five cents per acre, the locatois of said
wairants shall pay to the United States, in cash, the differ-
ence between the value of such warrants atone dollar and
twenty-live cents per acre, and the tiact of land located on.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved to reconsid-
er the vote just taken, by which the bill passed,
and to lay the motion to reconsider on the table;
which latter motion was agreed to.
BUSINESS ON THE SPEAKER'S TABLE.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I desire to call
the attention of the House to the fact that the
Speaker's table is now loaded down with bills and
other documents; and as the House has deter-
mined to adjourn over until Monday, it is very
necessary that they should be taken up and dis-
posed of. I know especially with regard to one
Senate bill now upon that table m relation to which
it is very important that it should be referred to
the appropriate committee.
REPORT OF SECRETARY OF THE TREASURY.
Mr. STANLY. I have no objection to that. I
desire, however, to make a motion for the printing
of extiM numbers of the report of the Secretary
of the Treasury. It has always been done here-
tofore. The Committee of Ways and Means have
hitherto had no opportunity to leport a resolution
for that purpose. I do not know what number
has been usually printed. I move that the usual
extra number of that document be printed.
Mr. HOUSTON. Under the rules of the House
the motion to print extra copies of any document
must be referred to the Committee on Priming.
Mr. STANLY. I am aware of that. I know
that the motion must go to the Committee on Print-
ing. I hope there will be no objection to its intro-
duction.
There was no objection, ond the motion was ac-
cordingly submitted, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Printing.
Mr. JOHNSON. I now rniew my motion to
take up the documents on the Speaker's table, and
dispose of them. ^
There was no objection.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing Executive communications:
I. A communication from the Treasury Depart-
ment, accompanied by a report of the Superin-
tendent of Marine Hospitals, of additional appro-
priations necessary to complete and sustain said
hospitals; which, on motion of Mr. Houston, was
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means,
and ordered to be printed.
II. A communication from the Treasury Depart-
ment, covering a report upon the subject of light-
houses. made by the board appointed m pursuance
of the act of 8th March, 1851: which was, on the
motion of Mr. Ciiandleu, referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
III. A communication from the War Depart-
ment, transmitting, in pursuance of the act insti-
tuting a Military Asylum for the relief and support
of sick and disabled soldiers, the report, by the
President and Treasurers of the Board of Officers
appointed m pursuance of said act, of the rules
and regulations to govern said asylum. There-
port states that the board had selected, for the
asylum at Washington, a tract of land owned by
Mr. Riggs, distant two miles from Washington,
for which they agreed to pay $57,000; and that
the purchase had been approved oy the President.
On the motion of Mr. Gorman, it was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
IV". A communication from the Post Office De-
apartment, pursuant to the provisions of the act of
Congress, approved July 3, 1836, entitled "An
act to change the organization of the Post Office
Department, and more effectually to provide for
the settlement of the accounts therein," contain-
ing an abstract of the offers for carrying the mail
during the year ending June 30, 1851; a report of
the contracts for the transportation of the mails for
the same year; and a report of the number and
amount of fines imposed upon mail contractors
during the same year, &c.; which, on motion by
Mr. Olds, was ordered to lie upon the table, and
to be printed.
SENATE BILLS REFERRED.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House the following bills from the Sen-
ate; which were severally read a first and second
time by their titles, and referred as indicated be-
low: •
No. 78. An act amendatory of an act entitled
" An act to provide for holding the courts of the
United States in case of the sickness or other dis-
ability of the judges of the district courts," ap-
proved July 29, 1850. Referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary.
No. — An act to change the time for holding
the district courts of the United States for the
western district of Virginia, and for other pur-
poses. Referred to the Committee on the Judi-
i| ciary.
No. ]25. An act for the relief of Mary W.
Thompson. Referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
No. 330. An act for the relief of John T. Sulli-
van. Referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
No. 131. An act for the relief of Joseph Gideon.
Referred to theCommittee on Naval Affairs.
No. 132. An act for the relief of John O.
Means. Referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
No. 13G. An act concerning the sessions of the
courts oftli^ United States in the district of Del-
aware. Referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
No. 138. An act for the relief \>f George Poin-
dexter. Referred to the Committee of Claims.
No. 139. An act to provide for the appointment
of a Superintendent of Indian affairs in California.
Referred to the Committeee on Indian Affairs.
No. 144. An act for the relief of William Mil-
ler. Referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions.
No. 145. An act for the relief of Ezra Williams.
Referred to the Committee of Claims.
No. 154. An act to enforce discipline and pro-
mote good conduct m the naval service of the
United States. Referred to the Committee on
Naval Alfairs.
No. 170. An act making an appropriation in
pait for the erection of the light-house on Sand
Key, Florida. Referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
No. 183. An net to relinquish the reversionary
interest of the United States to a certain reserva-
tion therein mentioned, and to confirm the title of
Charles G. Gunter thereto. Referred to the Com-
mittee on Pnvate Land Claims.
No. 9. Joint resolution to establish certain post
routes. Referred to the Committee on the Post
OiHces and Post Roads.
On motion by Mi. STEPHENS, the House
then adjourned.
i PETITIONS, &c.
I The following petitions, memorials, See., were presented
; under the rule, and rciened to the appiopn.ite committees :
' By Mr. F10KL13V: The petition of John Wiekline, pray-
| ing Congress to pass a law g'antin? htm puzc money.
: Hv Mr. MACE : The petition of Tnoma* H. Major and
' 50 others, citizens of Clinton county, Indiana, pravmg for
i the establishment of a po-t route fiomthe town of Joffer-
I son, in Clinton county, to the town of Dayton, in Tippe-
canoe eountv Indiana,
i By Mr. KUIINsJ: The petition of James Moorliead, 01
