1414
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 20,
officer in that Territory, that they may let us ,
know where the excuse for that conduct is to be
found; and, if anybody is a liar in relation to it,
to report what has transpired there, that we may
know who the liars are. Let us have daylight
upon the subject, and not blink the whole ques-
tion by leaving an accused Governor in power
there, and anarchy in triumph, and the Republic
debased and degraded.
Mr GIDDINGS. Every member of thf com-
mittee is aware of the proviso in the civil and dip-
lomatic appropriation bill of last Congress. I
will only say here that in the Senate, and among
a portion, I think, of this House, the construction
of that proviso did go to cut off the entire salary
of the officer for the year, when he was absent
from his duties. In accordance with this construc-
tion, the Senate enacted a bill providing that if he
should be absent more than sixty days, he should
incur certain forfeitures, unless the President should
judge that he had good cause. In looking over
the subject, the Committee on Territories, so far
as my Knowledge extends, came to the conclusion
that the construction of this proviso was, atleast,
a matter of doubt. Some gentlemen would give
it the construction that my colleague has, while
others would give it the construction that the Sen-
ate has put upon it. It was thought best that this
should be made clear and fixed, so that every ter-
ritorial officer of the Government shall know what
we mean by our laws. And here let me say, in
reply to my colleague, [Mr. Cartter,] that I will
not take issue with him and say that he is entirely
incorrect, nor with the Senate, that they are en-
tirely incorrect. My own opinion is, that it is a
doubtful question. If the officer be absent the
first quarter of the year—and the accounting offi-
cers know that fact according as I understand the
practice, the)'- regard the salary as forfeited for the
year. In other words, they rearard the salary as
an entirety for the whole year. This I believe
to be the construction given by the accounting of-
ficers of the Governmen t.
]Now, sir, it is also true that if he be at his post,
and draw the three fourths of his salary, and then
absents himself during the balance of the year,
the remaining quarter, you cannot get back the
salary that has been paid. That may be the case;
and so far as one member of the Committee on
Territories is concerned, 1, myself, and 1 think
some other gentlemen agree with me, thought that
it was better to have tins thing distinctly under-
stood, and to frame our law so plainly that both
the officers of the Territory and the accounting
officers should give the same construction. This
was the object m reporting this amendment to the
bill.
Now, one word, and only one word, in reply to
my colleague concerning the people to which he
has alluded in such terms of harshness. I do not
believe that it is the best policy of this Govern-
ment, or of Congress, to tieat that distant people
in the manner my colleague has sugguested. Who
is ignorant that that people have received abuse at
our hands? that the people of our country have
treated them badly, with cmelty, and that they
have driven them from our borders5 I do not
wish to cast any imputation upon gentlemen from
those Western States in which these Mormons
resided; but we know that some of their people
were murdered by lawless mobs, for which our
State governments are responsible. In this way
they were driven from our borders. They were
compelled to leave, and they have gone into that
far-distant wilderness. In my opinion, they did
carry with them some of the feelings to which
Brigham Young, in a very improper manner, gave
expression, as alluded to in the report of these
judges. I do not justify him, nor do I justify
those feelings; but if we are to reconcile that peo-
ple to our Government—if we ever intend to make
them good and respectable citizens; we must treat
them with kindness, with forbearance, with gen-
tleness, and wiih justice.
With this view' I dissent from the expression of
feeling on the subject. I do—and T say it unhesi-
tatingly to my colleague here—I dissent entirely
from the proposition which he made of sending a
military force there. No, sir! I believe an ap-
peal to their feelings—an appeal to their patriot-
ism, to their judgments, ami to their conscience,
would be more potent in bringingthem to the con-
dition of good and respectable citizens of this
Union, and to qualify them to come into it as a
State. It is in this manner we are to improve their
morals, to which my colleague made such a feel-
ing allusion; but I here take no issue with him on
that point. All I object to is the extent of the
philanthropy, and not to its principles. I want
him to look nearer home. I wish to raiseno ques-
tion of ill-feeling or ill blood, but i want him to see
and understand distinctly, that while we authorize
the sale of women here in this city, I am not to
be told that we shall punish the Mormons for
deeds of less enormity. This thing is not well.
I will not bring it up here, but we have as much
right to bring them up in this connection as my
colleague has in connection with the Mormons;
and if we are going into the cruelty of the thing,
let us look through the whole Republic, and not
make examples of that far-distant people, of whom
I have some knowledge, as many of them went
originally from my own district.
Now, sir, let me say that the President of the
United States is placed in office to wield the Exec-
utive power of the Government. I stand not
here to justify that gentleman. He was not elect-
ed with my voice—with my support—with my
influence; bat, nevertheless, he is the President of
the United States, and being in the discharge of
these duties, I will hold him responsible for it. I
will treat him as I would any other President, and
having appointed Brigham Young to office, I will
hold him responsible before the people. lie has
appointed those judges, and let him be responsible
for their conduct; and in order to carry out that
responsibility, and to permit him to discharge the
duties of his office, I will give him the power to
determine whether those judges were improperly
absent from their duties—whether they can show
good cause for leaving the Territories—and I
believe they can do it to him, far better than they
can to this body. He will be a far better judge
than this House, or the two Houses, composed
as we are of such numbers as to disable us from
a full investigation. With this view, as one mem-
ber of the Committee on Territories, T gave my
voice for the bill which has been reported from
the committee, to have our laws fixed—to place
this responsibility upon the President. I have no
fear that he cannot discharge it. These judges are
the creatures of his appointment, and let him pass
judgment upon them.
Mr. PHELPS. Mr. Chairman, I see no neces-
sity for further legislation than there has been upon
this subject. Prom the discussion this morning,
itappeared that the members of the Committee on
Territories were in doubt whether the salaries of
the territorial officers were paid by the year, or
quarterly. Had they examined the acts establish-
ing the territorial governments of Utah, New
Mexico, and Minnesota, they would have found
a positive enactment, that the salaries should be
paid quarterly. 1 say, then, under the proper
construction given to the existing law, if the offi-
cers are absent from these Territories for a period
longer than sixty days, they would not be paid for
the time they were absent. How are these officers
paid? The Secretary of the Territory is the dis-
bursing officer, who is furnished with the money
to defray the expenses in the Territories; and if I
am not mistaken, he pays the salaries of the civil
officers.
Mr. SIBLEY. The Secretary of the Territory
has nothing to do with the salaries of the other
officers. They are paid upon the certificate of the
comptrolling officers of the Treasury, and the
drafts for their salaries remitted them from this
city.
Mr. PHELPS. Perhaps I may have fallen into
a mistake, in confounding these expenses with the
legislative expenses of the Territory. The sala-
ries are payable quarterly; therefore, so soon as
the officer has remained in the Territory one quar-
ter of the fiscal year, he may prepare his vouchers,
upon which his salary may be paid to him, and
he may thereafter absent himself from the Terri-
tory, and continue his absence from the Territory
for more than one year, and the law provides no
way for the recovery of the money thus paid.
Hence, I say that the only proper construction
which can be given to the existing law is, that the
salaries of these officers shall not be paid, where
their absence continues for a length of time from
the Territory, or the discharge of their official
duties, if more than sixty days. I am satisfied,
in my own mind, we would have saved the trouble
of considering this bill, if it had not been for the
purpose of obtaining the payment of the salaries
of these officers who have tied from the Territo-
ries.
Thegentleman from Ohio [Mr. Cartter] seemed
to think that no officers had left the Territories,
but the officers of Utah. Was he not aware that
the chief justice of New Mexico, Grafton Raker,
had been in this city this winter, and absent from
that Territory ever since some time in the month
of September last ? He is still absent, and not at
his post to which his duty calls him, and yet he
is to be paid, under the provisions of this bill, as
well as the judges of Utah. It seems to be pecu-
liarly unfortunate that any officer of the Territory
of New Mexico should have absented himself,
for the last advices from that Territory show that
the people of Santa Fe at that time believed that
an insurrection was about to take place, and they
had received the information, that upon a partic-
lar day, an attack was to be made upon the " Ex-
change," in the city of Santa Fe. I happen to
have received this morning the St. Louis Repub-
lican, containing information brought m by express
from Santa Fe. It appears, that previous to this
time, Governor Calhoun, of New Mexico, had
issued an order releasing every prisoner in the jail
in Santa Fe. He suggests to the authorities of
Santa Fe, that it is better for them to prepare to
guard and protect their property.
But I will read a short extract from that paper.
il The Santa F<* Gazette publishes a letter from Governor
Calhoun, addressed to Thomas Ortiz, Prelect of Santa F6
county, which certainly exhibits a curious state of affairs
in New Mexico. It is in the?.e words :
1(1 Executive Department, }
Mank 31, 1852. \
li 1 Sir : Moved by a regard for the piotection of property,
( T would respectfully recommend that you establish a tem-
< porary police. For the want of funds to maintain them,
'and upon the representation of the proper officers, that
4 the prisoners now in jail are in a starving condition,
{through a humane feeling towardssaid prisoners and cotn-
{ muriity, I have granted them a conditional pardon. This
'release may render precautionary steps advisable for a few
'nights. Respectfully, J. S. CALHOUN.'
"The people of Santa F6 were much excited by appre-
hensions of insurrectionary movements, and it was even
said that the night ot the Uth was assigned for an attack
upon the 1 Exchancc,' as the commencement of the«e pro-
ceedings. The military officer, in command of some thnty
men, was, however, acquainted with their plans, and was
prepared for them."
Here you have one of the judicial officers of that
Territory, absenting himself from that Territory
since some time in the month of September last—
if I am not mistaken as to the date—up to the pres-
ent time, and it is now rumored that perhaps he
will return to that Territory; and yet, by the pro-
visions of this bill, it is left discretionary with the
Executive, whether the salary of that officer shall
be paid during the time he has thus absented him-
self from the discharge of his official duties. I am
unwilling to place the Executive in that position,
that he shall have persons beseech him to give a
certificate that the officers have been absent for
good cause, and that he would recommend the
payment of their salaries, because gentlemen may
come here without leave of absence, and may ob-
tain a powerful political influence to be exerted
upon the Executive, which he can hardly with-
stand. Upon this bill, 1 am not intending to dis-
cuss the propriety of the payment of the "salaries
of judges in Utah, nor the propriety of the pay-
ment of the salary to Judge Baker. I say there is
no necessity for further legislation upon the sub-
ject.
The second section of the amendment, as recom-
mended by the Committee on the Territories, I
remark, has entirely a retrospective action. That
second section is the only portion of the bill which
may be considered as worth anything to those
territorial officers, it provides,that the payment
of the salary of any officer therein named, thai is,
named m the civil and diplomatic bill, notwith-
standing such officer may have been absent from
said Territory and his official duties for more than
sixty days, may be paid, provided that the Presi-
dent of the United States shall certify officially his
opinion that the absence of such officer had been
for *'good and sufficient cause." Now, if it be
right to pay these officers, why go forward and
attempt to change an existing: law, merely to suit
the case of these officers? Why not introduce a
bill appropriating to these men a certain amount of
money for the time they have absented themselves
from the Territories?
Mr. RICHARDSON, I desire to say, by way
of reply to the interrogatory which he has put,
