2278
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 20,
do not propose seriously to answer it, nor attempt
to justify the conduct of that committee, because
I do not believe that it is necesssary to do so be-
fore the committee or the country. What is'it the
Committee of Ways and-Means have tried to do?
What ia the great crime of which they are guilty ?
Everybody complained of the great, the enormous'
expenditures of the Government, and nowhere
more than in this naval department, and this
committee have sought where they could retrench
these outrageous expenditures. Ifi'my judgment,
they-have not done, enough. They have not cut
sufficiently deep. They have not used the knife
enough; but this is not what is complained of by
gentlemen. These allegations are not particu-
lar, but are put before the country in the gross.
They will go out with our action here, and then
let the country judge. I am not afraid of the ver-
dict^not all, sir. My friend from Florida makes
a new allegation—he takes a new tack. It is not,
as I understand, that-the Committee of Ways and
Means havfe allowed too much, though he offers
an amendment to increase the amount we report
here, but he complains that that committee are at-
tempting to grasp all jurisdiction—to take the con-
trol of everything. Had we done any such thing
it would have been a good cause of complaint. I t
is because we have not reported enough; because
we have not covered as large an amount as he
thinks we should have; because we have not rec-
ommended appropriations we thought unneces-
sary, that he gets up, offers his amendment, and
asks the committee to override our action. .But
in'the same breath, we are told that we grasp too
much, and take the whole influence of Congress
within our jurisdiction. I know it has been the
practice to put on appropriation bills every descrip-
tion of measures, and particularly every kind of
claim, public and private, which can come before
Congress. It is a wrong practice, one deeply to
be lamented, and I hope that the committee will
sustain the Ways and Means in their endeavor to
reform it.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I am opposed
to the amendment, and hope the debate upon this
matter may cease. I think the question is well
understood. The Committee of Ways and Means
think that certain objects for expenditure at the
various navy-yards are unnecessary, which the
officers at those yards, the heads of bureaus, the
Secretary oftheNavy, theCommittee on Naval Af-
fairs, and gentlemen acquainted with those various
matters, think are necessary. Thecommittee have
determined that the Ways and Means did right,
and that the head of the executive department,
heads of bureaus, officers, and the Committee on
Naval Affairs, were all wrong. The Whigs on this
side of the committee refuse to sustain their Ad-
ministration, and the Democrats refuse to appro-
priate money to sustain Ae public works until the
Administration they expect comes in. The sen-
timent seems to be against the navy-yards and for
stopping improvements in them. If that be the
case there is no necessity for further discussion.
The question has been decided over and over again,
and I am not disposed to say anything more.
Mr. H1BBAKD. I concur entirely with the
gentleman, and trust the question will be taken on
the amendment.
The question was then taken on the amendment
of Mr. Hibbard, and it was rejected.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Ca-
bf.il's amendment, and it was rejected.
The following section was read:
"Memphis, Tennessee: For pavements, drains, and
ditches, cisterns, for rope-walk, hemp-house, store-house,
(one wing) coinpletn, railing for verticai wall, and repairs of
all kinds, $47,043 34."
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I am under the
necessity of offering the amendment which 1 send
to the Chair, and upon which I will say a single
word:
After the word " for," in that section, insert " excava-
tion and embankment,"
and increase the aspropriation to §67,000.
I desire to say to my friend from Ohio [Mr.
Cartter] that this is not for an improvement in
a navy-yard—and it is not for an improvement to
adorn a navy-yard, but it is for the purpose of
doing justice—a small measure of justice to the
only establishment of the kind we have in the
West to spin the American hemp, which is made
in the valley of the Mississippi; and which, I be-
lieve, by the recent disposition manifested by the
Navy Department, is to be cut down to a rope-
walk. There are a good many fearful holes upon
the ground owned by the Government, contiguous
to the various buildings; which, for all the pur-
poses of convenience and for sanatory purposes,
and to preserve the health of those employed there,
ought to be filled up. -This amendment is" to re-
store the appropriation of $20,000 estimated for
by the Department. If this property is to be sold,
or whatever is to be done with it, this work ought
to be finished. I do not know upon what princi-
ple gentlemen have .proposed to- strike out that
particular part of the appropriation, whether the
property is to be sold or retained. If it were pri-
vate property—if it were my property to-day—if
it were the property of any prudent man having
the money, he would have the work done himself
upon his own premises. It is absolutely indispens-
able. .That is all I have to say.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Stan-
ton's amendment, and it was rejected.
The following section was then read:
" San Francisco, California : For completing the floating
dry-dock, $360,000."
Mr. PHELPS. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to strike out that sec-
tion. The §360,000 embraced in this item was
included in the deficiency bill. There is bo ne-
cessity for this appropriation being here.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Phelps's
amendment, and it was agreed to.
Mr. PRICE. I offer the following amendment
to come in after that clause, viz:
For completing the war steamer authorized by the act of
Congress, approved April 14,1842; and the Secretary of the
Navy is hereby required to have the same completed with
the least possible delay, and the money appropriated by said
act shall be applied to the purpose.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 rise to a ques-
tion of order. This same proposition was ruled
out by the committee some days ago.
Mr. PRICE. It is presented in an entirely dif-
ferent form.
Mr. YENABLE. The substance is the same.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will remark to
the gentleman from New Jersey, [Mr. Price,]
that the substance of the amendment is the same
as that offered a few days ago; and the Chair
would give as an additional reason upon which to
rule it out of order, that there is a bill for the same
object—for the building of this vessel—pending
before the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. PRICE. I will call the attention of the
Chair, and the committee, to the law making an
appropriation for that object. I ask the Clerk to
read it.
The CHAIRMAN. If there is no objection
the law will be read.
The law was then read, as follows:
" An act authorising the construction of a war steamer for
harbor defense.
"Sec. 1. Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United, States of Jlmenca in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Navy be, and he is
hereby, authorized to enter into contract with Robert L.
Stevens for the construction of a war steamer, shot and
shell proof, to be built pnncipally of iron, upon the plan of
the said Stevens : Provided, The wholp cost, mcludingthe
hull, aiinament, engines, boilers, and equipment, in all re-
spects complete for service, shall not exceed the average
cOftt of the steamers Missouu and Mississippi.
" Skc. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the sum of
$250,000 be, and the same is hereby appropriated, out of
any money in the Tieasuiy not otherwise appropriated,
towards carrying this law mro effect.
" Approved April Mth, 1842."
Mr. PRICE. 1 will call your attention to the
81st rule, to show the committee most distinctly
that this amendment is proper and pertinent. The
work is now under construction.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will remark
that he has read the 81st rule, and regards it as
cutting off this amendment.
Mr. PRICE. I ask the Clerk to read the rule.
The 81st rule was then read, as follows:
" No appropriation shall be reported in such general ap-
propriation bills, or be morderas an amendment there to for
any expenditure not previously authorized by law, unless
in continuation of appropriations for such public works and
objects as aie already in progress, and for the contingencies
for carrying on the several Departments of the Govern-
ment."
The CHAIRMAN. The 55th rule will now
also be read.
The 55th rule was then read, as follows:
" No motion or proposition on a subject different from that
under consideration shall be admitted under color of amend-
ment. No bill or resolution shall at any time be amended
by annexing thereto-, or incorporating therewith, any other
bill or resolution pending before the House.',3
Mr. PRICE. I take an appeal from the decis- .
ion of the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from New
Jersey [Mr. Price] -submitted ah amendment-,
which the Chair has decided to-be out of order.
The question now is, " Shall th'e decision of the
Chair stand as the judgment of the committee?"
Mr. SKELTON demanded tellers; which were
ordered; and Messrs. Stratton and Stuart were
appointed.. "
The question was then taken, and the tellers re-
ported that there were—ayes 65, noes 57.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. FLORENCE- I will submit the following
amendment:
For paving, grading, building pier of wharf No. 4, and
prosecuting other improvements m the Philadelphia navy-
yard necessary for the preservation of the property therein,
$29,000
Mr. HOUSTON. We have passed the point
where that should come in.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will remark a
question of order is made, that we have passed the
proper point.
Mr. FLORENCE. There is a necessity that
these repairs should be made.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state again
that a point of order is made, and the amendment
is not m order at this time.
The following section was then read:
" For hospital at New York; for fence round garden, re-
pairs of buddings, painting, white-washing, clearing up
grounds, &c., at hospital, and for completing fence and wall
around the burial ground, $8,993."
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee I am instruct-
ed by the Committee on Naval Affairs, at the sug-
gestion of the Secretary of the Navy—I have a
letter from him upon the subject—to move to re-
store the amount estimated for repairs at this hos-
pital, $18,151, instead of the amount in this ap-
propriation. I will simply say that the items of
appropriation provided for by the Committee of
Ways and Means are precisely the same, with the
exception of a wharf-tax, which is a small item.
J do not know how it is that the Committee of
Ways and Means can arrive at the conclusion
that the work which the Secretary of the Navy,
and those who have control of these measures,
have estimated as costing $18,151, can be done for
less than half that amount. If the Committee of
Ways and Means can show that this work can be
done, and done well, for half that amount, why
our amendment ought to be rejected. But if not,
and if this work cannot be done for less than the
Department have estimated, and carefully esti-
mated, then th.e amount ought to be restored. I
have been instructed by the Committee on Naval
Affairs to offer the same amendment with regard
to the other hospitals; but if the House is not
disposed to adopt this amendment, i shall not
offer the others.
Mr. PHELPS. I am opposed to this amend-
ment. The Committee of Ways and Means saw
fit to leave $5,000 for the purpose of completing
this fence. At that time tne committee were not
advised of-the amount of unexpended appropria-
tion, for the support and maintenance of the hos-
pital in New York. On the 1st of July, there was
$30,409 of unexpended appropriation for themain-
tenarice of the hospital in the city of New York.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. That is for
maintaining the hospital.
Mr. PHELPS. Any further appropriation is
therefore unnecessary.
Mr. STANTON. That is for medical expenses.
Mr. PHELPS. Not entirely for medical^ex-
penses. The item embraces medical expenses and
others.
Mr. STANTON. Not repairs.
Mr. PHELPS. But, lest any difficulty might
arise, I shall not try to modify the bill, but shall
content myself with opposing the amendment of
the gentleman from Tennessee.
Mr. WALSH. I move to amend the amend-
ment by increasing the amount $100.
It does seem to me, that the answer given by
the gentleman from Missouri, a member of the
Committee of Ways and Means, is no answer at
all. That unexpended appropriation is for medi-
cal attendance; this appropriation is for improve-
ments connected with the building.
Mr. STANTON. Will the gentleman allow
me to say that that unexpended appropriation is
