1832.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2279
not'oiily for medical attendance, but for the sup-
port-of the patients in the hospital.
Mr. WALSH. Thebalanceof t,he unexpended
appropriation is for medical attendance. This ap-
propriation proposed by the Naval Committee is
for improvements of the establishment.
Mr. PHELPS. The gentleman from Mary-
land is mistaken in relation to this matter.
Mr. HOUSTON". It has nothing to do with
medicine at all.
Mr. PHELPS. This unexpended balance for
the support of the hospital does not embrace any
portion of the expense incurred in the supply of
medicines—not a particle of it, as the gentleman
will see by referring to the naval appropriation bill
of the last session of Congress.
Mr. WALSH. For what purposes is it, then? j
Mr. PHELPS. For plastering, painting, flag-
ging, wall and fence round grave-yard 
M-r. WALSH. Does it include any one of the
items recommended by the Committee on Naval
■A fTftirs ^
Mr. PHELPS. Yes; certainly.
Mr. WALSH. I understand the chairman of
the Committee 011 Naval Affairs to say that it
does not embrace the same items.
Mr. PHELPS. Oh, yes, it does.
Mr. WALSH. But apart from that, whether
it is proper for this House to sustain the Naval
Committee, and the Committee on Military Af-
fairs, against the assumed jurisdiction of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, as a general rule, I
will not pretend to say but unquestionably this
House, particularly in the present position of our
affairs, should not allow that committee to overrule
them by striking in the dark, to use a phrase not
new 111 this House. I was surprised at the re-
mark made by the gentleman from New Hamp-
shire, [Mr. Hibbard,] a little while ago, in the
case where the Navy Department had estimated for
the navy-yard at Pensacola the sum of $150,000,
and the Committee of Ways and Means re-
jected their estimate because it did not accord with
what was given to other places. Now, here are
estimates coming from the Navy Department,
through the Naval Committee, upon information
supplied by the bureaus connected 
Mr.HlBBARD. Thegentleman has misunder-
stood my reason. The reason I gave was that we
considered the appropriation not necessary.
Mr. WALSH. They considered it not neces-
sary. On what evidence?
Mr. HIBBARD. On sufficient evidence.
Mr. WALSH. Why, here is an appellate court
undertaking to overrule the court below, which
has all the evidence—the estimates furnished by
the bureaus whose business it is to attend to it,
furnished by the naval commanders from the
proper sources upon which that information should
be supplied. The committee, without any evi- !
dence, undertake to decide that the appropriations
are not necessary.
Mr.HlBBARD. If the gentleman's position
is right, that the estimates of the Department
ought to be conclusive, of what use is the Com-
mittee of Way s and Means, and the afteraction
of this House ?
Mr. WALSH. How can the committee de-
termine unless they have the officers before them
to give evidence ? How shall they undertake to
say that the $150,000 estimated for by the Depart-
ment as necessary for Pensacola, is not necessary?
Shall they, uncontrolled and uninformed, reduce
the amount, and yet keep the item in the bill ?
Now, a word as to how this record is to be made
up. Here, when it is complained that in our
present difficulty, we have but one vessel of war
to send to our northern frontier, and when the
Committee on Naval Affairs tell you that these
appropriations are necessary for the protection of j
our Navy—in this state of things we find this >
House reducing the estimates coming from the
proper Department—the Navy Department—and
refusing to pass the measures essential to our pro-
tection.
I saw a few days since, in the newspapers, that
the British fleet sent out here on the northeastern
coast, had already cleared the Bay of Pundy. I
suppose that gentlemen by their votes m refer-
ence to the reductions made by the Committee of
Ways and Means, intend that they shall also clear
the Bay of New York, and the Bay of Pensacola.
They have already cleared the Bay of Fundy,
where they had no more jurisdiction than over the
Gulf of Mexico; and in the face of facts-like these,
you are to let it go out now to the country, that
this body of intelligent men, the special conserva-
tors of the interests of the country, are voting
against giving proper appropriations to our Navy,
and upon the ground which is here insisted upon
as a reasonable and proper one, that our officers
engaged in the public service, oceasionally when
they go 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr- PHELPS. I am opposed to the amend-
ment to the amendment. The gentleman from
Maryland has paid a compliment to the intelligence
of this committee, but permit me to tell him that
I differ with him m relation to the facts about this
unexpended balance. If the gentleman had re-
ferred to the appropriations made at the last Con-
gress, he would, have found that among the items
for the hospital at New York, there was an ap-
propriation made at each session for the purpose
of inclosing this burying-ground, and building
fences, and that on the first of July last, there was
an unexpended balance of appropriations for the
hospital at New York of $30,409.
Mr. BROOKS. The hospital is not in the city
of New York.
Mr. PHELPS. I speak of the hospital in the
neighborhood of New York.
Mr. VENABLE. It is the same thing.
Mr. PHELPS. I know the hospital is not in
the city. At the first session of the last Congress,
the following appropriation was made for that
hospital at New York:
" For paving, ^radims, completing sewers, wall and fence
round burymg-giound, and current repairs, ^16,000."
Mr. TAYLOR. I wish the gentleman would
inform the committee for what purpose the $30,000
remaining unexpended was appropriated.
Mr. PHELPS. That is what I am now show-
ing. At the second session of the last Congress,
$15,000 was appropriated for plastering, painting,
repairs of furniture, wall round grave-yard, and
so forth. The Committee of Ways and Means
reduced the estimate at this session to $5,000 for
the purpose of erecting a fence around that bury-
ing-ground; and if they had been in possession of
the fact at that time, that there was an unexpended
balance of $30,000, it is probable that no further
appropriation would have been recommended. I
think that the gentleman is mistaken when he says
that this balance of appropriation to which I refer,
is for the purpose of supplying medicines. It is
for repairs and improvements about the hospital
and grounds.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. Do I under-
stand the gentleman to say that $16,000 was ap-
propriated the year before last, and §15,000 last
yeai ?
Mr. PHELPS. Sixteen thousand dollars were
appropriated at the first session of the last Con-
gress, and $15,000 at the second session. How
much there had been appropriated at preceding
Congresses, I am not prepared to say.
Mr. STANTON. That makes $31,000 for the
two fiscal years, and the gentleman says there is
an unexpended balance of $30,000. There could,
then, have been nothing spent.
Mr. PHELPS. There have been previous ap-
propriations and previous balances brought along
from year to year. 1 am not now prepared to
turn to the documents which show the amounts
appropriated at former Congresses, but $31,000
was appropriated for the hospital at New York
during the last Congress, and there is now an un-
expended balance of §30,000. I hope, therefore,
that the amendment of the gentleman from Ten-
nessee will not be adopted.
Mr. WALSH. I withdraw my amendment to
the amendment.
The question was then taken on Mr. Stanton's
amendment; and it was not agreed to.
Mr. BROOKS. I oiTer the following amend-
ment, to come in at the end of the clause relating
to the hospital at New York:
And to secure some proper place for tlie burial of sea-
men who die in the New York hospital, $5,000.
Mr. B. I propose that amendment for the ben-
efit of the whole country, and if gentlemen will
give me their attention for a moment 
Mr. CABLE, of Ohio. Is that amendment in
order?
Mr. BROOKS. There is no doubt of it.
Mr. CHASTA1N. I make a question of order
upon it.
Mr. CABLE. It is not in pursuance of any
law.
Mr. BROOKS. Oh, yes,-it-is.- It is as much
in order as any appropriation in the bill. If the
Chair has any doubt about it, I call- his attention
to the 148th line, where almost precisely the same
words are used. It is in pursuance of the marine
hospital fund laws.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that
being upon the same general subject, it is in order.
Mr. BROOKS*. I call the attention of the House
to the fact that this amendment is not for the ben-
efit of my own constituents particularly, but for
the seamen of the country generally, who- die in
the city of New York. There are three hospitals
in, or in the vicinity of, New York. One. belongs
to the United States, and is in Brooklyn. That
is the hospital about which we have been debating,
and belongs to the United States Government.
Another, on Staten Island, is supported by the
State of New York—liberally and cheerfully sup-
ported. And the other is the New York city hos-
pital, supported by the liberality of the people of
that city.
Now, the sailors who are in the hospital of the
city of New York, though in a good degree main-
tained by the charity of the people of that city
while they are sick, are nevertheless, if they die
there, buried in the Poiter's field. So that, when
they die away from their friends, it is impossible
to distinguish forty-eight hours after, in the con-
fused mass of dead who are buried in that field,
rme grave from another. The greatest pang the
sailor feels when he is about to die, is not so much
the fear of death, as the utter impossibility of his
friends being able to distinguish him from the con-
fused mass of dead around him, even if they arrive
within three or four days of the time of his death.
It is therefore for the benefit of the seamen from
distant places, who may die in the hospital at the
city of New York, that I ask the adoption of this
amendment. It is for the seamen from Louisiana,
from New England, from the upper lakes,and for
all those who may come to the city of New York,
and there die amidst the million of people who are
in and about the city of New York. I could por-
tray a mournful picture, if I had the time, or if it
were necessary, of the sufferings of those seamen
who come to that city unknown, and who, from
sickness,are thrown into this hospital, to die there,
and then to be buried in Potter's field among crim-
inals and paupers.
The object of this amendment is to purchase a
burying-ground for those seamen who die in this
hospital. The hospital itself is supported, as I
said, by the liberality of the people of New York;
but owing to the great value of grounds in that
vicinity, when sailors die there unknown, it is ne-
cessary that they should be buried with criminals
and paupers in the Potter'S field. I ask the adop-
tion of this amendment, not so much, then, for the
benefit of my own constituents, as for the benefit
of all parts of the country, and I am quite sure
that 110 man who has any regard for this great
body of serviceable men, or who has any heart
for the sufl'eringsof humanity, can possibly refuse
so small an appropriation.
The question was taken, and Mr. Brooks's
amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FLORENCE offered the following amend-
ment to the section which provides for repairs,
&c., of the Philadelphia Naval Asylum:
For cm bins fronton Shippen street, and paving street and
sidewalk, $1,328.
Mr. F. said: I submit this amendment because
I seriously believe it to be an appropriation which
ought to be made. There has been, or soon^will
be°a street opened upon thesouth side of the Naval
I Asylum. It ha., been the practice in the city of
i Philadelphia, and I suppose it is a question for
jl the municipal corporation, in which this property
j| is located, to decide—of taxing the property on
Ij both sides of the street for paving, and setting
I! curb-stones for such street. If this street is openfd
it will be necessary that the United States should
pave and curb it upon the south side—for the Na-
val Asylum is upon the south side of the street.
. There is an act of the Legislature which requires
'■ that all persons owning property shall conform to
this municipal law. It is, therefore, necessary, in
my estimation, that this appropriation should be
made.
Mr. VENABLE. Has this street been opened?
Mr. FLORENCE. I apprehend it has, or at
