504
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 9,
seat, and I would like to make some arrangement,
if possible, that it might come up in its order when
that Senator may be present. I hope, therefore,
that at this time it will be passed over inform-
ally.
The PRESIDENT. It will be one o'clock very
shortly, when the special order will be called for,
and some disposition must be made of this bill.
Mr. UNDERW0OD. I will ask the consent
of the Senate to pass that bill over, as the Senator
from Tennessee is not in his place.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I make no objection
to the motion of the Senator from Kentucky, be-
cause the Senator from Tennessee is entitled to the
floor, and is understood to be desirous of address-
ing the Senate.
The bill was then passed over informally.
NAVY-YARD IN SAN FRANCISCO.
The PRESIDENT. The next general order
is a bill to establish a navy-yard and depot on
the Bay of San Francisco, in California.
Mr. GWIN. I should like to make a statement
with regard to that bill. The Senator from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Brodhead] wishes to be present
when that bill is called up. Pressing business in
the State of Pennsylvania has called him away for
a short time, and before his departure I agreed
not to call up this bill until Thursday next. I am
willing that it should be passed over until that
day, but I now give notice that I will then call it
up.
The bill was accordingly passed over.
LIFE-SECURITY ON STEAMBOATS.
The bill supplementary to the several acts of
Congress, providing for the better security of the
lives of passengers on board of vessels propelled
in whole or in part by steam, and for other pur-
poses, next came up in its order, as in Committee
of the Whole.
The bill consists of two sections, the first of
which provides that the authority vested in the
judges of the district courts of the United States,
within whose judicial districts ports of entry or j
delivery may be established on the navigable !
waters, lakes, bays, and rivers of the United States,
by the act of July 7th, 1838, entitled " An act to !
provide for the better security of the lives of pas- 1
sengers," &c., be vested in the judge of any other '
district court of the United States, within whose
judicial district no ports of entry or delivery may
have been established by law, and that he be au-
thorized to appoint one or more persons compe-
tent to make inspections of such boats, and of
theif boilers and machinery; that such persons so
appointed shall not be interested in the manufac-
ture of steam-engines, boilers, or other machinery
belonging to steam vessels, who shall perform the
duties contemplated by said law, and receive such
compensation as said law prescribes. The second
section provides that all certificates of inspection,
required by said act, shall be delivered to the clerk
of the district court of the United States for the
judicial district in which said certificate shall have
been issued; and'that any master or owner of any i
steamboat who shall refuse to deliver such certifi- j
cate within thirty days after such vessel shall have j
become employed in any judicial district as afore-
said, shall incur a penalty of one hundred dollars,
to be recovered and distributed like other penalties j
incurred under existing laws. I
Mr. BORLAND. If there is nothing at pres-!
ent before the Senate, I should be glad to have !
that bill disposed of now. The Senator, from
Kentucky [Mr. Underwood] has an amendment |
to offer to the bill, to which I presume there will '<
be no objection; and I hope the bill will then be
allowed to pass. !
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I have prepared an ;
amendment, which I will read to the Senate. I
propose that it shall come in at the end of the bill ;
by way of an additional section. The amend-1
ment is as follows:
Sec. 3. Jini he it fui ther enactcd, That the judges of the
district courts of the United States within whose, judicial
districts theiu may be ports of entry or delivery, shall have
power and authority to appoint inspectors of steamboats,
and of their boilers and machinery, at sueli places within
the judicial district not less than fifty miles distant from a
port of entry or delivery, as the judge of the district may
deem proper; and the inspectors so appointed shall have
ad the powers and riglits, ami shall perioral all tile dimes
and he subject to all the liabil,lies ,mposed upon inspect-
ors appended under and m virtue of the act of 7th July,
1838, en,Hied -An act to provide for the better security
of the lives of passengem on board ofVessels propelled in
whole or in part by steam," and the act to modify said act,
approved March 3, 1843, and any other act of Congress:
Provided, That no person shall be appointed an inspector
as aforesaid who is interested in the manufacture of steam-
engines, steam-boilers, or other machinery belonging to
steam vessels.
I approve entirely of the object of the bill of
my friend from Arkansas, [Mr. Borland;] and
from what I know of the rivers in his State, not
having ports of entry, there is great injury sus-
tained for want of inspectors. I know also that
the people in the western end of my State, who
are removed some two or three hundred miles from
Louisville, (the nearest port of entry for thern,)
labor under the same difficulties, there being no
inspectors of steamboats at Paducah and other
places. My amendment, therefore, provides that
judges of the district courts, where there are such
portsof entry or delivery,may appointinspectors—
men who, in the language of the bill, "shall not
be interested in thegnunufacture of steam-engines,
steam-boilers, or other machinery belonging to
steam vessels,who shall make the inspection and
perform the duties contemplated by the said law,
"and who shall be subject to all the responsibilities
imposed by any act of Congress." I have con-
ferred \rath my friend from Arkansas, and I believe
that hell willing that the benefits proposed by his
bill to be conferred on the State of Arkanses should
be extended to the State of Kentucky by the
amendment which I have offered. I see no objec-
tion that can be offered to the passage of the bill.
I hope that the amendment will be adopted, and.
that the bill will be passed.
The question was then taken on the amendment,
and it was adopted.
No other amendment being offered, the bill was
reported to the Senate, and the amendment was
concurred in.
Mr. DOWNS. When that bill was before the
Senate at a former session, I stated some reasons
why I thought it ought not to be passed; and I
must confess that the same reasons still operate !
upon my mind. I know it is very desirable to j
have a proper inspection of steamboat boilers, and '
Congress has designated by law the places where j
certificates of inspection may be given and by [
whom. But the law, as it is, has operated badly, j
and there has been a great deal of complaint that j
the certificates of inspection have been given in |
many instances without sufficient examination, j
It seems to me that it will be a better security that .
the certificates of inspection are properly given,
to require that the boats shall be inspected at the
great points where inspections are now made—at
the ports of entry, like Louisville or New Orleans.
But if you extend the facilities for procuring cer-
tificates of inspection, so that they may be pro-
cured on all the small rivers in every State, it may
happen that when a certificate is refused at one
point, the boat may be taken to another of the
small places, and the consequence will be that the i
inspection will be less rigid, and that certificates will j
be granted with less examination than at present.
Besides, I see no necessity for this bill as a mat- I
ter of convenience, because though the boats may |
run on the small rivers, they are generally built or ;
repaired at other ports—at Louisville or New Or-
leans—and they can obtain their certificates there.
I think, therefore, as there seems to be no neces-
sity for the passage of this bill, and especially
as I think the very small security we now have
will be weakened by it, that it should not be
passed.
Mr. BORLAND. I did not anticipate there
would be any opposition whatever to the passage
of this bill. I think the Senator from Louisiana
is entirely mistaken in the purpose of the bill. It
is not to weaken or to lessen the security we now
have; it is not to change the law at all on tliesub-
ject of inspection; it requires the same qualifica-
tions on the part of inspectors which are now re-
quired. It refers to the general law, and simply
extends the benefits of that general law over a re-
gion of the country that does not now enjoy those
benefits. The general law, as the Senator very
well knows, gives power to district judges of the
United States to appoint inspectors within collec-
tion districts. Where the district of the judge is
a collection district of the United States, there he
has the power to appoint inspectors, but" judges J
whose districts do not embrace a collection district j
have no power to make these appoinments. This |
bill simply proposes to confer on the judge of the J
district of Arkansas the same power which judges i
have where there are collection districts. That is
the chief provision of the bill, as it was reported
by the Committee on ^Commerce, and the amend-
ment of the honorable Senator from Kentucky
only extends the power of the district judge of
Kentucky a little further than it now exists, and
enables him to appoint inspectors at other ports
which are not ports of entry, provided these places
are not within a certain distance of some port of
entry.
The honorable Senatorfrom Louisiana says that
he sees no necessity for the passage of this bill,
because these inspections may be made at other
important points. But they are distant points;
and therein is the difficulty. They are points so
distant as to subject those interested in the boats
which navigate the rivers of Arkansas to very
great inconvenience and very great expense. A
boat which has been injured on the White river,
or the Arkansas, or any other river in that State,
must be taken to a distant port to be repaired, for
the reason that her inspection must be made and
certificate given at that port. But if you give us
the advantage of having our boats inspected at
home, where the accident has occurred, we shall
then have the facilities for repairing our boats at
home also. Even our steam ferry-boats are under
the necessity of being taken fifteen hundred or two
thousand miles to get their inspection certificates.
That is a very serious objection to the present law,
as it affects States situated as mine is. The Sen-
ator says he is not aware that very serious incon-
venience or suffering exists. I can say to him, that
if he had lived in my State, he would know that
serious injury has resulted from the present regu-
lations. The consequence of the inconvenience of
getting certificates is, that our rivers are filled with
boats which could not get a certificate anywhere.
They have come from other rivers, and slip into
ours where there is no place of inspection, and
thus they evade the general law. We wish to
compel them to be inspected where their trade is,
so that thus they cannot impose upon our people,
and expose the lives of passengers. That is the
object of this bill. It does not propose to change
the present law at all, but only to give us the same
benefits that the people of the rest of the United
States enjoy.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I wish to address a sin-
gle remark to the Senator from Louisiana, to show
that there are actually existing difficulties which
should be remedied. There is a very large steam-
boat manufactory carried on at Paducah. There
are also preparations made for repairing boats to
a very great extent. Now, suppose a new boat
is built at Paducah; that boat must be taken to
Louisville, some three hundred miles from Padu-
cah, up the river, to be inspected; and that boat
may be designed to trade upon the Tennessee river,
and for no other trade. You will then compel the
boat to travel three hundred miles up and down
the river, putting the owners to the expense of
these two trips, for no other purpose than to pro-
cure a certificate of inspection.
Take another case; Suppose the Arkansas river
becomes low, as it does occasionally, and see how
these small boats are affected that run upon it,
trading from Little Rock to the Mississippi river,
and not passing below the junction with the
Mississippi, but from point to point along the
Arkansas. The law, as it now exists, requires
boats to be inspected every six months. When
the six months expire after the boat has been once
inspected, that Arkansas boat has to travel to New
Orleans, or to St. Louis, to procure another cer-
tificate of inspection. You see at once what a cost
and delay is put upon the owner of the boat, and
to a certain extent, upon all that are concerned in
the management of it, for the purpose of inspec-
Now my friend's bill, with my at^ndment, is
designed to provide for having inspectors at the
places where the boats are repaired, and near the
places where they trade, so that after the time ex-
pires within which they are required to be in-
spected, they need not travel out of their way for
that purpose, but may have an inspector near at
hand. It seems to me that inspectors in Arkansas,
having the duty of inspecting the boats in which
the property and lives of thecitizens of that Stateare
intrusted, will perhaps be a little more diligent and
faithful m their attention to the boats engaged ex-
clusively in the Arkansas trade, than those" would
who have the duty of inspecting boats which are
