1416
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 20,
interrupt the gentleman from Michigan, but he has
oecupied theflooroncealready^nd I desire rosay <
a few words upon this bill. _
The CHAIRMAN". The gentleman trom Mich- ;
igan having spoken once upon this bill, the gen- :
tleinan from Pennsylvania is entitled to the floor. ,
The" Chair gave the floor to the gentleman from ■
Michigan, because no other gentleman claimed it i
at the time. ^ . I
Mr. STUART, [f any other gentleman desires 1
to speak, of cour.se 1 yieid the floor.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Chairman, 1 have list-
ened with some attention to the whole of this de-
bate, and I confess that 1 cannot concur in voting
for either the Senate bill or the amendments. In
my judgment, the true course is to repeal the pro-
viso at once, which 1 look upon as somewhat de-
grading to our statute-book. What are the facts?
The facts are these: the President of the United
States appoints the territorial judges; he is re-
sponsible for their appointment, and he is respon-
sible for their continuance in office. If they neg-
lect their duty or abuse their trust, he has full
power to remove them without assigning a cause,
and to appoint their successors. Now, the other
officers of this nation, appointed by the President
of the United States—for instance, the judges of
the districts of the States—are required to occupy
i%the discharge of their official duties but a certain
portion of the year—many of them, perhaps, not
half of it. It. is not expected that they will stay
in their districts for the balance of the year. If, when
they have discharged their duties, they ciioose,
for profit or for pleasure, to travel over these
United States, they have a right to do so, and it
would be degrading to them and to the country to
pass a law to imprison them. But you apply a
different rule to the Territories. The number of
judges in Minnesota and Utah is three; and !
understand that all the duties there can he per-
formed in six weeks. At all events, considering
the number of inhabitants there, surely the judi-
cial duties can be discharged by those judges in
three or four months. They have their regular
terms. If they attend those regular terms, and
discharge the duties of their offices, are not they
to be permitted during the balance of the time to
travel, as other citizen's of this country do ? Are
they not to be permitted to go to the watering-
places if they please, or to visit their friends for a
portion of the time? Are these judges supposed
to be made of that stuff, and to be selected of that
material by the President, that they are to lie ab-
solutely imprisoned within certain boundaries,
and, if they exceed those boundaries, are to have
a forfeiture" inflicted upon them, as was the case
when prison bounds were in force ? In Vermont
they had prison bounds at one time, and they have
now. They allow a prisoner to go within those
bounds—sometimes a mile, sometimes a town-
ship—jf Jie gives bonds; hut if he goes itpyoml
those boundaries—if his family live beyond them,
and lie goes at. nisht to see them, he forfeits his
bonds. So it is with the judges of these Territo-
ries.
Mr. RICHARDSON, (interrupting.) There is
a necessity for the judges remaining in the Terri-
tories during the entire year. The gentleman
from Pennsylvania is aware that there are many
duties that a judge has to perform, besides lliose
that he discharges while holding the terms of the
courts.
Mr. STEVEN'S. Is not it. so wit1* every i'ltige
and every judicial district in the States, and yet
who ever" heard of passing a law impounding your
judges, and keeping them in prison? You Lave
three judges in each Territory. But. oneis needed
except in court time; and the others may be ab-
sent without prejudicing materially tho interests
of the Territory. But if your judges are unfaith-
ful, you have a remedy. Turn them out, and
appoint others in their places. It has long !>een
a settled law in this country that the terri'onal
judges, the Congressional judges—I do not speak
of the const.tiittonal judges—are removable at, the
pleasure of the President, without giving his rea-
sons therefor. But if the President will not re-
move them when they abuse their power, or when
they neglect to discharge their duties, he is respon-
sible.
A Member. Upon what authority can he re-
move them ?
Mr. STEVENS. A gentleman inquires upon
whatauthority he can remove them ? I have stated
that precedents and practicejustify it. It has been o
i so decided, and that decision has never been re- d
1 versed; and silence must give it sanction. It has ;j
j been decided in the only place where it can be jj
! decided. These officers are appointed by the 1
! President, by and with the advice and consent of
; the Senate.
1 A Member. The Attorney General has given
j the same opinion.
i Mr. STEVENS. I know the Attorney Gen-
1 eral has given his opinion, but I do not consider
that of any higher authority than that of the Pres-
ident and the Senate. If the case were a new
question, I might doubt. But I have so high a
respect for the authorities when a question is once
officially decided, I bow to it whether I consider
the position right or wrong. Well, then, I say
that, the President having the power, it is his duty
to remove an unworthy or negligent judge. And
if a President failed to remove such a judge be-
cause he was a favorite, I believe he would cer-
tify a good cause for his absence, when that
absence was a fact, whether a necessary fact or
not.
Now, I believe the best method is to repeal the
proviso altogether. Until 1851,1 believe we never
had any such law upon our statute-books. I could
repeat the cause which gave rise to this law. But
I will not, because its recital might bring the gen-
tleman into some discredit at home perhaps. I
believe, however, it was occasioned by the mis-
conduct of a judge, which was sufficient to have
caused his removal; and that would have been the
proper remedy. Then you would have got out of
the evil. Now you will have, perhaps, an un-
worthy .judge, traveling backwards and forwards,
and obtaining, whether with truth or not, a cer-
tificate of good cause for absence. Now, let us
put these judges upon the same ground with the
judges for' the States, [f one of the three judges
in Minnesota, for instance.desires to travel during
the summer months to the old States, to visit his
friends during vacation, I do not think he ought
to be prohibited. I do not know how many ses-
sions there are held in that Territory in the year.
Mr. SIBLEY. There are two in the yeor, be-
sides the supreme court.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman says there
are two; well, suppose a man goes to visit his
friends in the old States during the three summer
months, when he can be spared as well as not,
what objection is there to it? Why shall he not be
treated like other citizens ? Can you find a man
in any of theStates,of a high legal character, who
will take the judgeship when thus degraded ? I
know you can find tnen to fill the places. I be-
lieve you can find men who would take any office,
noon any terms. But I do not think you can
find men of the character and attainments requisite
to (ill the office who would accept the judgeship
under this law, when there is such a restriction
m it.
A Memrek. The same restriction also applies |
to other territorial officers. ^ ■
Mr. STEVENS. Well, 1 am now speaking ,
particularly of the judges, and what I say is in- ,
tended for them. !
I propose, and I do not know whether it is now j
in order or not, to strike out the whole, and in- :
sert a simple repeal of the proviso of 1851. If that j
is in order, I now send it. to the Chair. j
The CHAIRMAN. There is already an i
amendment to an amendment pending, anil the
amendment of the gentleman is not therefore in
order.
Mr. STEVENS. I then send it to the Chair,
and ask that it may be read for information. If
the amendments pending should not be adopted,
I will then offer it. I intend it as a substitute for
the whole.
It was then read by the Clerk, as follows;
Be if enacted, That the pmvi>o contained m An act en-
titled "• An at-t making appropiis?tion-< for the pavmorit of |;
em! and diplomatic expenses of the (ioveniMent for tlie
vear "nrlinT Hio 30th day of June, 1852," approved March I ;
3, 1^51. i <tin? to the payment of the salaries of the officers i i
ot* tlio TVrntori«'<, b ' and the same is hereby repealed, and [,
the ^alario< o: j-aid officers winch have heretofore accrued \ \
siia'l be p tirt, anything in said proviso to the contrary not- 11
withstanding. !i
Mr. STUART. IT the gentleman will turn to
the Senate bill, he will find that the second section |;
repeals the nroviso. !;
Mr. STEVENS. But the first section is differ- ji
ent. \\
Mr. STUART. We can reject the first section
and adopt the second.
Mr. STEVENS. Weil, I do not care how you
get at if, if it is done, i ask the Chair if i cannot
offer it now as a substitute for the whole bill?
The CHAIRMAN. Not now, for the reason
that there is already an amendment to the amend-
ment pending.
Mr. STUART. But I thought it was in order
to offer a substitute, nevertheless.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The gentleman
can move to strike out the first section and insert
his in lieu thereof, and then we can strike out the
second.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks an
amendment to the original bill, by way Of per-
fecting it, would be in order.
Mr. STEVENS. Then I move to strike out
the first section of the original bill, and to insert
my proposition.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks Lhe gen-
tleman's amendment is not in order in the term in
which he offers it. It is word for word the same
as the second section of the original bill. The
same object would be obtained if the gentleman
would move to strike out the first sectum of the
bill.
Mr. STEVENS. I move, then, to strike out
the first section.
Mr. STUART. I rise to a question of order.
The amendment proposed by the Committee on
the Territories proposes to strike out the first sec-
tion of the Senate bill, and to substitute two others
in their place. I submit, therefore, that it is not
in order to offer the gentleman's amendment to
that original bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks it has
been the uniform practice in committee and in the
House, when a substitute has been offered for a
whole bill, as is the case in the present instance,
as the proposition is to strike out all after the en-
acting clause, and insert a substitute, to allow
amendments to be made to the original bill, by
way of perfecting it before the vote is taken upon
striking it out.
Mr. STUART. There is no doubt of that. But
I understand the proposition of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] is to strike out the
first section.
The CHAIRMAN. That is an amendment to
the original bill, and is therefore in order. The
Chair overrules the point of order raised by the
gentleman from Michigan, [Mr. Stuart.]
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois. 1 only desire to
say a few words in legard to this matter. I con-
fess there is something uttered in the general sen-
timent of the remarks of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] which meets my appro-
bation. 1 feel that there is something repugnant
in having a legislative wall erected around our
judicmry, either in the States or in the Territories,
placing limits to their liberty and freedom of ac-
tion. But I still think there should be something
to impel these functionaries to discharge the duties
which the law requires thev Khali discharge, and
which the public have a right to expect of them.
Now, I conceive that there is a very wide dif-
ference between that class of officers in the Terri-
tories and the same class of officers in the States,
It is this: In the States public officers are ap-
pointed ia the neighborhoods, in the counties, or
in the districts where they are in the habit of re-
siding. It is their home, and they desire to re-
main there. When they are called away, it is
only for a very short period of time. But in the
Territories it is^ery different; appointments are
made in the Stdfes to govern the Territories.
Some of them—indeed, I might say all of them—
are very distant from their places of residence,
when the appointment is made, and from which
the appointee is taken. They are in the habit
of taking the appointments merely to discharge
the duties of office without discharging any of
those of the citizen. They go there without
their finishes, which they leave in the States.
They come to the Territories to hold their courts,
and as soon as the term expiies they return to the
States and make them their place of residence,
till, perhaps, the next term; and if it is a little
inconvenient, they let that term pass, and perhaps
do not return till that time the next year. This is
a grievance, and a great one, to the citizens of the
Territory. The same difficulty does not occur m
the States, because the judges have their place of
