1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2281
what principle^ it that the Committee of Ways
and Means can report a provision in the Army
bill of that sort in order, and when we propose to
make the Navy bill conform precisely with it, it
is not in order?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is not to decide
upon the consistency of the course of the commit-
tee. I understand that an amendment of that sort
was offered by-the Committee of Ways and Means
to the Army bill. The Chair supposes that no
objection was made to it. The Chair thinks sev-
eral amendments were proposed by that commit-
tee to the Army bill, which were riot objected to.
Mr. STANTON. Then there ought to be no
objection to this. I take an appeal from the decis-
ion of the Chair.
Thequestion now being, " Shall the decision of
the Chair stand as the judgment of the committee?"
it waB put, and there were, upon a division—ayes
63, no6s not counted.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. GAYLORD offered the following amend-
ment:
That the sum of .$'18,000 be, and the same is hereby, ap-
propriated for the purpose of enabling the President of the
United Slates to send a Commissioner to the Sandwich
Islands) to inquire into the expediency of instituting nego-
liatioris for the acquisition of those Islands by the United
Strttes.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. 1 raise a question
of order upon that amendment.
Mr. GAYLORD. It is perfectly in order.
The CHAIRMAN, 'I he Chair thinks the
amendment out of order.
Mr. GAYLORD. I appeal from the decision
of the Chair.
The question was then put, " Shall the decision
of the Chair stand as the judgment of the commit-
tee and it was decided m the affirmative.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. SUTHERLAND offered the following
amendment:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, Thar the otliceis and
men Who served in the " Artie Expedition in seaich ofSii
John franklin,'5 s-hallhavc the some extra, compensation
paid to them, as was bv law paid to the omceis and men
whoserved 111 the " Exploring Expedition..
Mr. CARTTER. I object to the amendment.
It is out of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of opinion
that it ifc not in order,
Mr. SUTHERLAND. I appeal from the de-
cision .
The question was then put, " Shall the decision
of the Chair stand as the judgment of the commit-
tee?" and it was decided, in the affirmative.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. RIDDLE offered the following amend-
ment:
Sec. 3. Jlntlbe it further enacted, That the officers of
the medical and pay departments of the Navy shall hereaftei
enjoy the same rank as otneeis of similar grades 111 the
Army have had assigned them by Jaw.
Mr. HIBBARD. I raise a question of order
upon the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules that the
amendment is not 111 order.
Mr. BOWNE offered the following amendment:
JUnd be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for
the President of the United States to appoint commandess
in the Navy, as well as captains, for chiefs of bureau*, of
navy-yards, and docks, and of oidnance and hydrogtapny,
and of construction, equipment, and repairs.
Mr. HIBBARD. I object to the amendment
that it is not in order.
Mr. BOWNE. I merely wish to say that it
proposes a reform measure, about which we talk
a great deal.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides the
amendment to be out of order.
Mr. BOWNE. I appeal from the decision of
the Chair.
Mr. STUART. I hope the amendment may
be read before the question is taken on the appeal.
The amendment was then again read, as above
inserted.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of opinion
that the amendment conflicts with the 81st rule.
Mr. STUART. 1 call for the reading of that
rule.
Several Voices. I object! I object!
The question was then put, " Shall the decision
of the Chair stand as the judgment of the commit-
tee?" and it was disagreed to, there being upon a
division—ayes 50, noes 63.
Mr. BOWNE. I desire, Mr. Chairman, to
say to the committee, that there are about fifty
captains in the Navy from v/hom these heads of
bureaus can be selected. There are about one
hundred-and fifty commanders. I will not pre-
tend to a close accuracy of figures; but I have
been informed the number of commanders is one
hundred and fifty. My amendment will increase
the number from which the heads of bureaus are
selected. These commanders are the most active
and efficient officers of the Navy. If my friend
from Ohio [Mr. Cartter] really wants to see
the Navy always ready for service—good ser-
vice—let him take these commanders, who will
have to live to the age of Methuselah before be-
coming captains, and give them the management
of these bureaus. If that be done^ a different as-
pect of affairs will be presented.
Mr. TAYLOR. If the gentleman will intro-
duce the word " civilian" before the word li com-
manders," I believe that he will do much to
strengthen his amendment. '
Mr. BOWNE declined modifying his amend-
ment.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment of Mr. Bowne was agreed to.
Mr. STANLY. I submit the following amend- ;
ment, to come m at the end of the bill, as an ad-
ditional section:
That the Secretary of the Navy is hereby authorized to
cause a :-<urvey to be made of the courses of navigation in
and fioin Hearing's Straits, and biich parts of the China and
Java sea-:, and Stiatts of Caspar, as vessels crnplojodm the :
whale fishery and Chftia trade usually navigate; and to pro-
vide a screw-^teaujer and two small voxels, suitable for :
the purpose, to be olhcered and maimed, and equipped tioin
the Navy. And the sum of is hereby approbated,
out of any money m the Treasury not otherwise, appropu-
ated* Provided, That the whole expense of fitting out these
vessels shall not exceed the sum herein appropnated, and
that the expedition bhall be confined to a survey for nautical
and commetcial purposes.
Mr. HOUSTON. I think, Mr. Chairman, an
amendment resting upon the same principle, if not
covering the same substance, was ruled out of or-
der, a day or two ago, to this bill.
The CHAIRMAN. That is the fact; n similar
amendment was ruled out of otder.
Mr. STANLY. All amendments cover the
same substance, because they cover the ocean.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides the
amendment to be out of order.
Mr. GOODENOW. I move that the commit-
tee do now rise, and report the bill.
The question v/as taken,and the motion was
agreed to. * t ;
The committee accordingly rose, andtheSpeaK6i* .
having resumed the chair, the Chairman (Mr.
Fjcklin) reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union had had under
consideration the state of the Union generally, and
particularly House bill No. 244, making appropri-
ations for the naval service for the year ending 30th
of June, 1853, and had directed him to repoit the
same back to the House with sundry amend-
ments.
Mr. HOUSTON. I call for the previous ques-
tion on the bill and amendments.
The call for the previous question was .seconded,
and the main question was ordered to be put.
The SPEAKER. The amendments will be
voted upon m mass, excepting those upon which
a separate vote may be desired by any gentle-
man.
The amendments of the Committee of the Whole
were then read by the Clerk.
Those to which there was no objection were
agreed to. The question was then taken on the
following amendment, upon which Mr. Venable
demanded a separate vote, and it was adopted:
After the following:
" For pay of superintendents, naval constructors, and all
the civil establishments at the bevei dl navy-}aids and sta-
tions, §90,960"—
add the following:
"And the Navy agent at Memphis for the time during
which lie has performed or may perforin the duties of purser,
m addition to his own, shall be allowed and paid the annual
salaiy of a purser on duty at navy-yards of the second e!a<s,
which shall not be m addition to his commission, butui lieu
thereof."
The question was next taken on the following
amendment, upon which a separate vote was de-
manded by Mr. Houston:
"Provided, That hereafter, whenever u. vessel in oidmary
shall be so much decayed that the expenditures required to
repair and equip her shah be estimated to exceed two thirds
of her original cost, it shall notbe lawful to repair&ucb ves-
sel ; but she shall be sold, and the proceeds applied to the
construction of a new vessel in her stead. And the Secre-
tary of the Navy shall cause to be built a vessel of war,
whose frame shall be Qf white-oak, and of the best and most
| approved model for sailing, to befitted with auxiliary steam
{ power, and to be armed exclusively with the heaviest and
i most destructive ordnance which, according to recent im-
I provemenN, it is possible to carry with safety and, serve
• with efficiency at sea. And to this object shall be fippliedr
in addition to such sum as may be conveniently spared from
the foregoing appropriation, any unexpended balance re-
maining in the Treasury to the credit of similar appropri- ,
ations m former years."
Mr. DUNHAM. Is that amendment, Mr.
Speaker, susceptible of division ?
The SPEAKER. Jt is a report from a Com-
mittee, and is indivisible. The amendment must
be voted upon as a whole.
Mr. PHELPS. Perhaps there may be no ob-
jection to a division.
Mr. TAYLOR. 1 object to a division.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded the yeas
and nays; which were ordered.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I ask the
unanimous consent of the House—as I think this
very important amendment is in danger, and as
there seems to be objection to only one clause—
: that it be divided.
Mr. TAYLOR. I withdraw my objection to
i the division.
J Mr. DUNHAM. I renew it. '
' The question was then taken upon the amend- -
' ment, and it was disagreed to—yeas 43, nays 85;
. as follows:
yEAS—-Messr-'. Bowne, Breckinridge, Briggs, Brooks,
1 Burrows, H. Carnngton Cabell, Caldwell, Chandler, Chap-
I man, Clingman, Colcock, GdtnumUon, Florence, Gilmorey ,
! Goodenow, Hammond, Ha? per, Haven, Hebard, Howard,.
: Thomas V. How, Jackson, George (>. King, McCorkle,.
Miner, Outlaw. Samuel W. Parker, Penniman, Polk, fto'ccy
! Robbins, Savkett, Schoonmaker, Scuny, Frederick
Stanton, llichaid II. Stanton, Sutheiland, Taylor, Thurs-
; ton. Waul, Washburn, and Wildriek—43.
] NAYS—-Mcssi^. Aiken, Charles Allen, Allison, William
i Appleton, Aveietf, Thomas II. Bayly, Barrere, Bihighaus,
i Brasrg, Brunton, l>uell. Busby, Caitter, Oaskie, ("hastain>
Churehw<'H, Chirk, (Jiutis, George T. Davis, John G>
1 Havis, Dean, Dnnmtck, Duncan, iJunham, Edgerton,
Kvan-s, Flovd, i-'owler, Gamble, Gaylord, Gicen, Hall,
Hamilton, Miam G. UariH, Hendricks. Henn, llibbard,
; Holladav, l"Eor<ford. Houston, John W. Howe,Thomas M.
fjowe, IngeKoli, Jenkins, Andrew Johnson, John John-
i son, Mobert W. Johnson, George VV. Jones Preston King,
. liimdrv, Mann, vfcLanahan. MeMu'hn, MeUneen, Miller,
: MiSI-on. Molony,Henry I>. Moore, John Moore, Morehead,
Murray, Newton, Orr, Aimrevr PaiUer, J'eas-iee, Penn,
■ Perkins, Phelps lieud, Robie, ScUdder, David L. Sey-
| m-mr, Skelton, Stanly. Henimnin Stanton, Btiatton, Stuart,
i SvveeWcr, Benjamin Thompson, Townsheod, Vfmable,
i Walbridge, Wallace, Walsh, and Watkins—85.
; So the amendment was rejected.
Mr? POLK. I move that the House do now
adjouni.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. There are sev-
eral gentlemen who desire to speak. If we take
a recess nil this evening, tliey will be afforded an
opportunity upon the next bill. I move, there-
One, that the House take a recess till eight o'clock
this evening.
Mr. HOUSTON Finish this bill first, and
I am .satisfied.
Mr. JOHNSON. Very well.
The motions to adjourn, and to take a recess,
were then withdrawn.
The question recurred upon the adoption of th<*
following amendment, upon which Mr. Venablf,
had demanded a separate vote;
"And-the Secretary of the Navy is also authorized and
directed to cau^e to be applied, .is ?.oon a« piaotieable, to
all steam vet-sels belonging to the United States, the best
form of condenser for Mipplyirig fresh watei to marine boil-
or-* at sea : and to pay to the ownci or ownei* thcn'ofjsucb
piK-c for iln1 nghtto u-iesaieh condenspr, as a board to con-
Ms-! of The Knsineor-in-tihief, and two or more chief cngi-
neei < of the Navy, may de.-jgnate to be the value thereof:
p/OJ idvil, hoi.-cier, That rto condenser <diall be so applied,
unless the ^amo shall hav? been practically tested at sea,
and found capable of being used as a surface, as well as
jet eonden&er.'-
The question was then put, and upon a divis-
ion, there were—ayes 52, noes 64.
Mr. POLK demanded tellers; which were not
ordered.
The SPEAKER. There were—ayes 52, noes
64; so the amendment is disagreed to.
Mr. POLK. I move that the bill be laid upon
the table.
The question was taken, and the motion was
disagreed to.
Mr. CABELL, of Florida. I call for the yeas
and nays upon the amendment.
The SPEAKER. The call comes too late. The
Chair has announced that the amendment was dis-
agreed to.
