1852,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
to he engaged in trade four or five hundred miles
distant. They would then have an additional in-
centive, perhaps, to a diligent and faithful execu-
tion of the trust, when the lives and property of
the people of their own State were concerned, and
I should, therefore, expect them to perform the
duty faithfully. These are the evils which exist,
and which the bill proposes to remedy, and I hope
that it may be permitted to "pass.
My friend from Massachusetts, on my left,
[Mr. Davis,] has a bill, which he promises to bring
forward soon, overhauling the whole subject, en-
deavoring to make provisions which will regulate
the whole matter, from beginning to end. If I am
correctly informed, it proposes something like a
revision of the present law. We in the West all
have a common "interest, not only on the Missis-
sippi, but on all its tributaries; and I have no doubt
we are all sincerely anxious to see that system
adopted which will secure the lives and property
of our people. It seems to me that this bill will
not interfere* with the one which the honorable
Senator from Massachusetts proposes to present;
and when that bill comes up, if it will secure the
object we aim at, I shall be ready to sustain it, and
to unite with my friends from the West to accom-
plish so desirable an object.
Mr. DO WNS. I am willing to go as far as any
one to facilitate the interest of the West, and es-
pecially that of the States of Arkansas and Ken-
tucky, and it is with very great regret that I offer
any opposition to this bill, and I do it only from a
sense of duty. J admit, that there are some in- !
conveniences resulting from the law as it now ex-
ists, though they do not seem to me to be quite so
great as have been pointed out. There is no ne-
cessity that a boat shall be inspected wherever
she goes. She gets her inspection at some place
where there is an inspector. Is there any boat
now running in the district in which either of the
members is particularly interested, which does
not in her visual voyages go to Memphis or Nash-
ville, or St. Louis, or some port which is a port of
entry?
Mr. BORLAND. There are half a d ozen, at
least, in rav State.
Mr. DOWNS. I think they must be very rare
cases, in which a boat does not run to some port
of entry.
Mr. BORLAND. There are many on the
White and Arkansas rivers. They run in the in-
terior of the State.
Mr. DOWNS. I do not think the evil is so
very great as has been stated. I opposed this bill
heretofore, and I oppose it still, because it must
be recollected that if there is some inconvenience,
and some evil at present, there are, in my opinion,
evils on the other hand transcendently greater.
The loss of life is an immense evil, and it has been
so great on the rivers at the West, that many per-
sons so distrust the boats that they actually avoid
them, after all that has been done to prevent ex-
plosions, or to guard against them. I happen to
have stronger convictions on this subject,from the
fact, that at one time of my life it was my duty,
as a district attorney, to investigate several cases
of calamitous explosions, and to go into the de-
tails of an examination as to the manner in which
these certificates were granted; and from the sev-
eral investigations I was engaged in there, I came
to the conclusion that the system was exceedingly
defective; that these certificates of inspection were
scarcely anything but a mere matter of form, and
that little dependence could be placed upon them.
I oppose this bill, because I think that if you in-
crease the number of inspectors, and appoint them
in small places away from these important points
where the public attention would be called to them,
and where the public can know something of the
qualifications of the inspectors, and extend the
power of appointment to so many otherplaces, so
that it becomes almost a general thing, you will
weaken the security which we now have. We
may have confidence in a certificate given at Lou- |«
isvilleorNewOrleans,where there are experienced i]
and able engineers;forin such places they generally jj
appoint men whose names are known,and whose '
certificates will give confidence. Although they
may have as competent persons in Arkansas, or at
other places than Louisville, Kentucky, yet their
names are not so well known to the public. So
far from extending this power of appointing in-
spectors, I think it should be restricted. I believe
that whenever any remedy is devised for applica-
tion upon our western waters, it will be that of a
restriction, rather than an enlargement of this sys-
tem, and to provide some other mode of examining
these boats, and the quality of their engines, so
that it maybe ascertained with some degree of
certainty whether it is safe for people-to travel
upon them or not.
I know that there are suggestions of that kind,
f know that the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr.
Davis] proposes something of that kind. But
now, imperfect as this system is—and I must say
that I have no particular interest in this matter more
than other Senators, no interests beyond those feel-
ings of humanity which prompt us all—I should
see with reluctance a system which I think will
operate injuriously, so greatly extended as is pro-
posed by this bill, and especially as the Senator
from Kentucky informs us that a new system is
very shortly to be reported. Why, then, take up
this subject in which all a!£ so deeply inter-
ested, when a bill matured under all the light which
sciencc can shed upon it is so soon to be brought
forward ? I hope that gentlemen will consentto let
the matter stand as it is until the bill is brought be-
fore us which has been promised by the Senator
from Massachusetts." 1 will go as far as any man
on this floor in doing everything that I believe
likely to promote the interests of every section of
the country, and to afford all facilities necessary
for the easy transaction of their business; but at
the same time I desire to take every requisite pre-
caution in guarding the lives of the community
who are obliged to travel upon these boats. I am
as much interested in this matter as any other
gentleman. I live in the interior of the State of
Louisiana, and boats m the interior of that State
have the same interest in regard to this question
as those in the States of Kentucky and Arkansas.
I shall, therefore, do everything to facilitate their
trade; but I must oppose this bill because the im-
pression is strong upon my mind that it would
increase the danger of those explosions which
have already been so tremendous and appalling.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President-—-
Mr. CASS. I was about to suggest that a vote
should be taken on this question immediately, in
order that the honorable Senator from Rhode Island,
[Mr. Clarke,] who has the floor on another sub-
ject which was made the special order for this
day, should be allowed to proceed.
Mr. DAVIS. I wish only one moment. I
have been asked to state to the Senate what is the
condition of this bill which has been referred to
by the honorable Senator from Louisiana. It has
been delayed much beyond what I could wish; but
every Senator will perceive that it is a subject
which is so complicated that a great deal of inform-
ation is necessary m order to fiame a bill. That
information has come in, some of it more slowly
than I could wish; but I will say to the honorable
Senator that I expect in the course of this week to
present the bill to the Senate, and in that bill there
will be a provision for the consideration of the
Senate—in the first place for inspecting the iron of
which boilers are made; and in the next place for
a rigid inspection of boilers, with the application
of a test to show their strength. The whole sub-
ject, in a word, will be brought under the consid-
eration of the Senate, with the design of giving the
most ample protection to life and property which
it is in the power of Congress to afford.
There being no further proposition to amend,
the question was taken on ordering the bill to be
engrossed for a third reading, and it was decided
in the affirmative.
NON-INTERVENTION.
The Senate proceeded to consider the resolu-
tions submitted by Mr. Clarke, on the 19th ulti-
mo, on the subject of non-intervention, [see page
298,] and the pending amendments proposed by
Mr. Seward and Mr. Cass, [see page 310.]
The resolutions and the amendments having
been rend, Mr. Clarke addressed the Senate at
length in favor of the views embodied in the reso-
lutions.
Mr. CASS was next recognized by the Chair;
but, on the motion of Mr. Hamlin, the further
considertiaon of the subject was postponed until
to-morrow.
On motion, the Senate proceeded to the consid-
eration of Executive business; and after some time
spent therein, the doors were reopened, and the
Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, February 9, 1852.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Rev. L. F. Morgan.
The Journal of Friday was read and approved.
Mr. MILLSON. I move a reconsideration of
the vote by which the House on Friday last re-
ferred to the Committee on Revolutionary Pen-
sions the bill for the relief of William Miller,
intending afterwards to move its reference to the
Committee on Invalid Pensions. I have exam-
ined the bill and report, and find that its legitimate
reference is to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I made the mo-
tion on last Friday. I did not then understand the
case; nor was there found any one upon the floor
who did. It was necessary that it should be dis-
posed of, that the House might reach other mat-
ters. Hence I made the motion. I believe the
gentleman is right; and hope that his motion may
prevail.
The question was taken, and the vote was re-
considered; and then, on further motion, the bill
was referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
MEXICAN INDEMNITY AND BENJ. E. GREEN.
Mr. GREY occupied the floor for an hour, under
a suspension of the rules, in reply to the remarks
of Mr. Bayly, of Virginia, a few days since, on
the Mexican indemnity bill, which injuriously
connected the name of Mr. B. E. Green with the
non-payment by Mexico of the indemnity due by
her in 1844. His remarks, vindicating the conduct
of Mr. Green against the alleged charges of Mr.
Bayly, have been withheld for revision. They
will be published in the Appendix.
Mr. MURPHY. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to oiler the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary Claim-s
have leave to lepoit bark to the House the petition and
papers ot Doctor Aveiv IJovvncr, praying for a pension;
and that the petitioner have leave to withdraw his papeis
fiom the files of the House.
I will only remark as to this petition praying
for a pension, that the Committee on Revolution-
ary Claims consider it was improperly referred to
that committee, and therefore ask leave to report
it back. There has been once a favorable report
by the House upon this petition, and thepetitioner
desires to withdraw his petition that he may pre-
sent it to the Senate.
The SPEAKER.. There being no objection, it
will be so ordered.
CHAIRMAN OF MILITARY AFFAIRS.
Mr. ORR. I rise for the purpose of asking the
House to excuse my colleauge [Mr. Bukt] from
further service upon the Committee on Military
Affairs. Mr. Burt left this city about the middle
of December. Upon his return home, he was
seized with indisposition, which has continued up
I to the present time; and the probability is that the
time of his return may be delayed much longer.
It may perhaps relieve the Committee on Military
Affairs from much embarrassment by excusing
him from further service, so that another gen-
tleman may occupy that post, and thus enable the
committee to procecd in the discharge of the duties
devolving upon it.
Mr. HOUSTON. I would like to know whether
such is the wish of the gentleman's colleague?
Mr. ORR. Of course. I should not have made
; the application, had it not been the desire of my
1 colleague.
; No objection being made, Mr. Burt was ex-
' cused from service; and Mr. Faulkner, of Vir-
, ginia, was appointed to fill the vacancy.
! MAIL STEAMSHIPS AND MAIL CONTRACTS.
! Mr. PEASLEE. I ask the unanimous consent
i of the House to introduce the resolution which I
! send to the Speaker's table.
i The resolution was then read for information,
j as follows:
| Resolved^ That the Secretary of the Navy be mjuested
to communicate to thi« House the fact* in relation to the
. respective contracts with the Navy Department,foi building
| mail steamships for the transportation of the United States
; mail between New York and Liverpool, between New York
; and New Orleans, Havana and Chas^res, and between Pana-
| ma and San Francisco, and some point m Oregon; the
• amount of money which has been advanced and paid each of
! said lines of steamships by the Government; also, whetheralJ
' the vessels stipulated under said contracts to be built, have
been so built, or what portion of tlieni ; also, the^ amount of
i net receipts of postage collected on either of said lines of
i steamers, deposited m the Treasury to the credit of the appro-
