1418
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 20,
boot-black or wood-sawyer, in the way of pay,
we demonstrate to the people of the Territories
that we do not undersiand their condition, and
that they could do better on their own hook.
I trust the views I have presented will meet the
approbation ot' the committee; and I shall, at a
proper time, if no other gentleman does it before
me, offer an amendment to the bill under consid-
eration, giving more reasonable compensation to
the judicial officers to whom I have referred.
Mr. LANE. In the remarks which the chair-
man of the Committee on Territories addressed to
the committee, he stated that at my request it had
been agreed by that committee to exempt from the
operation of the provisions of the bill tlve Terri-
tory of Oregon; and I am much inclined to Ibink
that all the other Territories of this country should
have the like exemption. The law, as it now
stands upon the statute-books, is as good as we
desire for Oregon Territory, and I am very much
of the belief that it is well suited to the other Ter-
ritories We have had experience in regard to
this matter; and I can inform the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] and the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Gorman,] that their views
relative to the judiciary and other officers of the
Territories, and the allowing of an absence of
sixty davs, are not at all consonant with the wants
and interests of the people I represent. 1 have
seen the system tested from the time of the or-
ganization of that Territory until the time of my
starting for this city. 1 am fully satisfied in my
own mind, from experience, that the proviso in
the appropriation law, which is now proposed to
be repealed, is the very provision which ought not
to be repealed. I can assure the gentlemen to
whom [ have just alluded, that whenever there are
vacancies in the territorial offices, applicants will
be found numerous enough to fill them. Such, I
a-n quite sure, was the fact at the time of the or-
ganization of our territorial government, and 1
have yet to learn that the interests of Oregon or
any other Territory has seriously suffered from a
diminution of the number of applicants for these
offic.es. This is not the evil from which the in-
terests of the Territories have suffered; on the
contrary, we complain—and complain justly, too
—of the absence of officers, and the consequent
neglect of their official duties—neglect which the
provisions of this bill indirectly rewards by shield-
ing from a just and proper suspension of pay and
salary. Had f a vote to east, Mr. Chairman, it
would most certainly be given against the alter-
ation of the law as it now is. 1 would vote to pay
every officer, judicial and other, for the honest and
faithful discharge of his duty.
The proposition of the gentleman from New
Hampshire, [Mr. Tuck,] to increase the salary
of the territorial judicial officers, is very reasonable
and just, provided the increase is not extended too
far. As the law now stands, tile salaries of the
officers of the Territory of Oregon f cannot hut
regard as insufficient, being scarcely sufficient for
the defrayment of their necessary expenses. The >
necessaries of life in Oregon being much more j
expensive than in the Atlantic States, the salaries !
of officers there, as in California, should bear a j
just proportion to the exorbitant prices of subsist- I
ence. I have arisen, however, for the pur ;ose of j
susgesting to gentlemen, that if the passage of this
bill is insisted upon, f shall feel it my duty to ask
its amendment, so as to exempt officers of the
Territory of Oregon from the force of its provis-
ions, and so far as they are concerned leave the [
law in referrence to their absence from the Ter-
ritory as it now is. Beside this, I am not sure
that even as the law now stands upon your statute-
books, the governor and secietary are included
within the lestriction of sixty days.
Mr. PHELPS. The Governor of Oregon can-
not hy the laws established in the Department,
absent himself for more than sixty days from the
place where he is to discharge his duties. If he
does absent himself for a longer period, he forfeits
his salary for that time.
Mr. LANE. If that is the case, they are under
the same restrictions; and it is right they should
be so. This bill is, however,objectionable to mefor
other reasons. I am very unwilling to see the
President required to give a judicial officer a cer-
tificate before he can he entitled to leave ofabsence.
Such a duty should not in my opinion be imposed
upon him. It matters not who the President mav
be, influence can be brought more or less to bear
upon him. The same influence that procured the
appointment, will hardly fail to procure favors
incidental to that appointment; and if a judge,
absenting himself for a period of time sufficient to
woika forfeiture of a portion of his salary, desires
a certificate such as required by this bill, he has
only to appeal to his friends, through whose influ-
ence the certificate cannot fail to be obtained, and
he at once secures his salary.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois. The gentle-
man, when he stated that the law was good as it
is, referred to the proviso in the appropriation bill?
Mr. LANE. I referred to that proviso.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Well, I ask, that being a
proviso to an appropriation bill made for a single
year, whether its operation docs not cease with
the termination of the year for which the appro-
priation was made?
Mr. PHELPS. No; it is general. In the
civil and diplomatic bill which has been reported
this session, the gentleman will find a similar pro-
vision.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I was going to say, if I
am correct, that you have this proviso to reenact
every year; to put it into every appropriation bill
to accomplish the object desired. I then ask if it
would not be better to have a general law, which
would not require leenactment?
Mr. LANE. I would not oppose the passage
of this bill, were I confident that it could pass with
just such restrictions as are necessary for the in-
terests of the Territories. If it is to pass in any-
thing like its present shape, I want to have in-
serted the amendment I have indicated.
I have seen great public inconvenience and pub-
lic suffering on account of officers leaving their
posts, and leaving the Territory. As to the gen-
tlemen whom it was intended this law should
benefit, I have nothing to say. I have no feeling
whatever in relation to it. If they could be paid,
perhaps it would be well enough; but my opinion
of discharging a duty is this: I would rather vote
to give a family a pension if the husband was
killed at his post of duty, than to vote a single
cent to a man who abandons his post, or fails to
do his duty under any circumstances. If the
Government officers of this country are not suf-
ficiently sustained by their commission, and the
laws of their country, to enable them to perform
their duties, let them refuse to accept such offices.
I only desire to say, that so far as Oregon is con-
cerned, I am anxious to have the officers of that
Territory remain there, in the faithful performance
of their duty. But it is said that these officers
wish to visit their families. Let them take their
families with them, or send tor them, and, if they
cannot do that, they should not have accepted the
office, or, having accepted, should resign.
Mr. CLARK. I believe the question is upon
striking out the first section. I trust that section
will not be stricken out, as I think it is a wise
provision. It might, perhaps, seem to be a violent
presumption, that high judicial officers should be
otherwise than disposed to discharge their duties
faithfully and strictly. But we know that there
are instances in which it has been otherwise and
I think it right that there should be some extrane-
ous influences moving upon them to induce a strict
discharge of their duty. It has been said that
such a provision is a reproach to judicial charac-
ter. But it can he no slur upon those who are
disposed to discharge their duties faithfully and
honestly, that there should be a provision of law
of this kind, even though it maybe regarded as
penal m its character. There can be no applica-
tion of the law of a personal character in advance
of dereliction in duty; but after such fault it is
right that the application should be made. Laws
of this kind are made for the " evil, the injurious,
and the unthankful," and not for those who are
disposed to do their duty. I can, therefore, dis-
cover nothing reproachful iti the law. The re-
proach is in the neglect of duty. How does the
law stand as it is? By this law a judge in the
Territories is liable to forfeit his entire salary for
the year, if he absents himself from the Territory I
for a period beyond sixty days. I think that is i
too severe; but the provision which is contained !
in this section of the bill is more moderate, more
reasonable, and, I think, ought to be retained.
By this provision the functionary can, in no event
he deprived of his salary for a period beyond that
during which he absents himself. We know very
well, by observation and experience, that there
have been judges, that there are judges, whose
thoughts and in teiests are everywhere but within
the sphere of their duties. We know that there
are judges who are speculating judges, and whose
attention to theirduties is merely nominal; that so
so soon as they have discharged thoseduties, with
the least appearance of decency, they are some-
where beyond the sphere of them, where they
cannot be reached by those who have occasion for
their services. We also know that there have been
those appointed to office who merely sought to ob-
tain places, and emoluments of places, in order that
they might have wheiewithal to revel in pleasure
and luxury. I should hope that these cases were
few. I believe they are exceptions; but is there,
therefore, no good reason why these cases should
not he provided for ? At the same time that I would
guard well against dereliction in the discharge of
duties upon the part of judges and other territorial
officers, I would not place them too exclusively in
the power of any other public functionary.
Now, as the law stands, if they are beyond the
sphere of their duties for more than sixty days, it
is ill the power of the President to withhold their
salaries entirely. How are judges appointed ?
They are appointed by the President of the United
States; and what are the elements which effect
their appointment? Why, political influences
often more than any other. These judges might
sometimes fall into the hands of the Chief Execu-
tive of a different political character and condition
from their own, and he might perchance be dis-
posed to do them injustice. At the same time that
I would guard against injustice upon the one
hand, t would not leave this gap unguarded upon
the other. I trust this section will not be stricken
out. I believe it is a good and wholesome pro-
vision. I believe it is better than any which has
heretofore existed—better than the one which is
proposed as an amendment. In the one which is
proposed as a substitute, there is great uncertainty
and difficulty. I understand from the gentleman
from Missouri, [Mr. Phelps,] as he interprets
the law, that the salary of the judges is to be paid
quarterly. Suppose that three quarters of the
salary has been paid, and that the forfeiture arises
by reason of absence during the last quarter, what
power of protection is there here? What power
is there in the Government to retain the forfeit
money ? It seems to me that there is none what-
ever—that there is an obscurity and difficulty aris-
ing here, which it is impossible to reconcile upon
the face of the law, and in connection with the
practice of the Government. But when you retain
in proportion to the time of absenteeism, there is
no difficulty. It is all plain, and what is more,it
is right, and will, in my opinion, work the desired
security.
Mr. SIBLEY. I beg leave to state to the com-
mittee before this debate is brought to a close, that
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens]
is entirely mistaken in regard to the inconveniences
to which the people of the Territory are subjected
by the absence of their judicial officers. There is
no analogy between the situation of a judge in a
thickly-inhabited district, and that of a judge in a
sparsely-settled Terutory. The judges in the
Territories are the only high judiciary we have.
They are vested with the powers of Federal
judges, as well as of territorial judges. They are
the only officers who can issue habeas enrpvs and
other writs, act at chambers, and perform the
other duties of the superior courts. The districts
of these officials are separated sometimes hundreds
of miles from each other, and if an individual
wishes to avail himself of their services for any
specific purpose, and cannot find the judge of his
district, he will be put to the inconvenience of
going to the next district. I wish to provide in
this bill a remedy, so that the injury which must
be inflicted on the people of the Territories by the
absence of these judges may be obviated. I trust
that the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ste-
vens] will be satisfied with the explanation 1 have
given of the necessity of such restrictions as are
imposed by this bill. A repeal of these restric-
tions would have a most evil and injurious effect
upon the Territories. I know all about the rea-
sons which induced Congress to pass this pro-
hibitory clause. I know that some of our judges
and other officers were absent for months, and
that the same was the case m Oregon. I believe
at one time they had not a single judge within the
limits of that Territory. These facts were brought
