1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
$07
Mr. CABELJL. If it cafi be presented under
the rules, I am opposed to it.
Mr. WASHBURN. It may be presented un-
der the rules; but inasmuch as it is an elaborate
petition, drawn up by the Executive Committee of
the State of Maine with great care, I desire to
have it printed.
The question was then taken, (Messrs. Brown,
of Mississippi, and Fuller, of Maine, acting as
tellers,) and there were—ayes 73, noes 53.
grant's channel through shell reef.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, asked the unan-
imous consent of the House to offer the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury he instructed
to inquire into and report to this House the advantages re-
sulting to the commerce of the United States, and to the
mail scrvice of the United States, from the opening or'a
channel, by John Grant, Esq., through the Shell Reef, lying
between Dauphin Island and Cedar Point, m Mobile county,
Alabama; and further, what tonnage said Grant is now al-
lowed by law to chaige vessel* navigating said channel,
how long his right to charge said tonnage will continue, and
whether it would be advantageous to the United States to
puichase the right of said Grant; and, if so, at what cost
the purchase maybe effected.
Mr. CARTTER objected.
Mr. BROWN. I move a suspension of the
rules, to enable me to introduce the resolution. It is
but a resolution of inquiry into a matter of great
importance to the commerce of the country, and
I therefore hope the House will indulge me.
The question was then put, and the motion was
agreed to.
So the rules were suspended, and the resolution
was introduced.
Mr. BROWN moved to suspend the rule re-
quiring a resolution of inquiry to lay over one
day; which motion was agreed to.
The question recurring on the adoption of the
resolution, it was put, and the resolution was
agreed to. S y
army on the route to oregon. wf
Mr. LANE, by unanimous consent, offered the
following resolution; which was considered, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be
requested to communicate to the House what step-?, if'any,
have been taken to w&uiethe protection of emigrant^
route to Oregon, against the deptcdations of the Indians of
that Tenitoiy; and in cas-e no i-uch have been taken
for that purpose, that he be requested to cause the regi-
ment of Mounted Rifles to be placed upon duty within the
Territory of Oregon—the seivice for which said troops
weie created—and that he cause a portion of paid regiment
to be ported upon the main emigrant road fiom St. Joseph,
on the Missouu, between Fort Hall and the Palls of the
Columbia river, and the remainder thereof to be ported m
the Rogue river Valley, on tne road from Oregon to Cali-
fornia, said troops being necessaiy tor the protection of
emigrants and others traveling said mad.
Mr. HAVEN. I rise to move a reconsidera-
tion of the vote by which that resolution was just
now adopted. I do it for the purpose of calling
the attention of the House to the fact, that the
resolution seems to give directions to the President
of the United States with reference to the mode
of employing the military forces of the United
States. if this be so—and I am not sure that it
is, for I did not hear the resolution distinctly—it
seems to me that the resolution ought not to be
passed.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Let the resolution be read.
The Clerk read the resolution.
Mr. HAVEN. I liavp nothing to add to what
I said before the resolution was read. Unless
there is some explanation other than what appears
on the fa.ee of the resolution, it does seem to me
that it would be indiscreet on the part of the House
to allow the vote to stand. I move to reconsider
the vote by which the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. LANE. I hold in my hand a number of
petitions and memorials from the Legislative As-
sembly of Oregon, upon this subject, which I'
would ask to have read, but that it would consume
too much of the time of the House. I will, how-
ever, give some reasons why the resolution ought
to pass to-day. We have to furnish 'roops for
the protection of this route within less than two
months from to-day, or it cannot be done in time
to protect the emigrants who will go out the ensu-
ing season. By that time the people bound for
Oregon will be on the road. Can we get the mat-
ter before the Committee on Military Affairs and
have a bill passed through both Houses of Con-
gress for raising and organizing a force, and get
that force on the road m time for the protection to
which these American citizens are entitled ? It is
only very recently—within the last few years—
that the Indians have become very troublesome on
these routes. *
But that time has passed away. Lately the In-
dians have committed greater depredations than
ever. Even within the last twelve months they
have been successful in killinga great many women
and children. The last Congress passed a law
making donations and grants of lands to the set-
tlers and emigrants to that country, and thereby
inducing them to emigrate thither. And now 1
ask, is it not right and proper that they should af-
ford them protection? The gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Jones] says this resolution ought to
go to the Committee on Military Affairs. He says,
let them consider the matter and report a bill. Let
me tell that gentleman that this regiment of troops
was raised by order of Congress for that especial
purpose. The rifle regiment was, if I mistake not,
^raised especially for the Oregon service. But it
/was raised in the time of the Mexican war; and,
instead of sending them to Oregon, as was contem-
plated, they were sent to Mexico, where they did
good service. When they returned from Mexico
the President, in consideration of the fact that
they had been diverted from the purpose for which
they were raised, thought it right to extend to them
theprivilege of a discharge. They weredischarged,
but it was recruited again, and in recruiting it was
held out as aspecial inducement, that they should
be employed in the Oregon service. 1 think that
was the understanding between the Government
and those who were recruited. They weie sent
to Oregon, but before they had had time to render
any service there they were ordered away. Now
the service of that regiment, belonged to Oregon,
and to no other portion of the United States. I
am aware that the President of the United States
is Commander-m-Chiefof the Army; and I do not
desire to infringe upon his privileges or his author-
ity. I do not ask the House to do that. All I
ask is, for the House to request him respectfully
to grant to the people of Oregon just what is their
due; and to the p*eople who are traveling to Oregon,
what they are entitled to, protection. Is it rt^ht,
I ask, to have an extent of country two thousand
miles in length, running through the Indian coun-
try, running through the lands of some of the most
fierce and barbarous tribes of Indians upon the
face of the earth, who will attack and cripple the
cattle and teams, and then capture or kill the trav-
elers themselves—I say, is it right to have this
whole extent of country entirely without protec-
tion > The reasons are plain to my mind. No
time should be lost. This matter ought at once
to be settled—this resolution ought to be passed
immediately, and let the President direct the rifle
regiment which was raised especially for that ser-
vice to march at once for Oregon.
Mr. CABELL, of Florida. Will the gentleman
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would suggest jj allow me to ask him one question ? Do I under-
to the gentleman from Oregon to allow the vote to
be reconsidered, and instead of calling upon the
•President and giving him the directions therein
specified, refer the subject to the Committee on
Military Affairs, and let them inquire into what
has been done and what it may be necessary to do,
in order to protect the emigrants on that route. It
would be a very strange mode of proceeding, it
seems to me, for this House to direct the Presi-
dent how he shall dispose of the army, or any
portion of it. And certainly, if what is there im-
bodied is to be done at all, it should be done by
joint resolution of Congress, and not by one House.
I think it would be better to reconsider the vote
and let the resolution go to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
stand that this* resolution requests or directs the
President to make this disposition of that regiment?
Mr. LANE. It requests him.
Mr. CABELL. The resolution goes on to di-
rect that a portion of the troops shall be placed
upon the line, if I understand it correctly. What
I want to know is, whether it is the intention of
the resolution to direct the President, in his dispo-
sition of the United States troops, or whether it is
merely a request? If it is the latter, I have no ob-
jection to it, but if it is an order, 1 shall protest
against it. I protest against directing, or ordering,
the President in this manner, by any single branch
of Congress.
Mr. LANE. Tt is simply a request. Rut I
desire to explain why I want the troops disposed
of in the manner provided for in the resolu-
tion.
Mr. DISNEY. With the permission. of the
gentleman from Oregon, I desire to explain what
is the precise effect of the resolution. I have just
read it, and it is merely an inquiry of the Presi-
dent, as to what steps have been taken for the pro-
tection of the emigrant; and if no steps have been
taken, it requests him to make that disposition of
the rifle regiment.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. But there is a
second clause in the resolution, which directs th.e
President to cause a portion of this regiment to be
placed along the line.
Several Members. "Read the resolution."
The resolution was again read.
Mr. CABELL. The gentleman from Oregon
now will see that I was correct in saying that the
latter clause of the resolution directs the President
in this matter.
Mr. LANE. That clause is predicated upon
the supposition, that the troops will be ordered to
Oregon. In that case, it requests the President to
place a portion, as will be found necessary, upon
the emigrant road, and a portion upon the great
road leading from Oregon to California. I desire
to say to the House, that there can be but two
great roads leading to Oregon on which any dan-
ger is to be apprehended—such is the shape of the
country; one road leads directly from St. Joseph,
via Fort Hall, to the Dalles on the Columbia, and
upon that road the Indians are the most warlike
and ferocious in their habits. They are well armed
and fierce.
Mr. HEBARD. I desire to ask the gentleman
a question ?
Mr. LANE. I beft the gentleman's pardon, but
I ha\e about so much to say, and I don't like to
be interrupted.
Mr. HEBARD. I have but a word to say.
The gentleman is aware, that by the Constitution,
the President is made the commander-in-chief of
the Army and disposer of our military forces.
Now, I desire to ask the gentleman, whether he
ever called upon the President and requested him
to make this disposition of the troops?
Mr. LANE. It gives me great pleasure to an-
swer the gentleman. I did call upon the President
in person, and then I addressed him a letterj and
if the House will allow me, I will read that letter.
A copy of it was furnished to Senator Gwin, who
read it in a speech upon the defences of California
and Oregon the other day. It was published in
the debates of the Senate, and I now have a copy
of the Union in my draw containing it.
[Mr. BARRERE, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, here interposed, and presented as cor-
rectly enrolled,
A bill to carry into execution, in further part,
the twelfth article of the treaty with Mexico, con-
cluded at Guadalape Hidalgo; and
An act for the relief of American citizens lately
imprisoned and pardoned by the Queen of Spain.}
Mr. HOWARD. I wish to ask the gentleman
one question. I wish to ask whether this regi-
ment has not been ordered to the frontiers of New
Mexico and Texas, as a mounted regiment, by
the Secretary of War, upon the ground that it
wos not adapted to service m Oregon—that in that
country mounted troops were not as efficient as
infantry ? I desire also to know if the gentleman
now wishes to change the plan of operations in the
military department of the Government, and order,
at great expense, a regiment to return to Oregon ?
Mr. HEBARD,, I desire to know what answer
the President returned to the application of the
gentleman from Oregon. I do not care about
having the letter read.
Mr. LANE. If gentlemen will permit me to
have the letter read, I then will answer both the
inquiries of the gentleman from Texas, [Mr,
Howard.] and the gentleman from Vermont, [Mr.
Hebard.]
The letter was then read by the Clerk, as fol-
lows:
Washington City, Deccmler 12,1851.
To his Excellency the President of the United States :
Kir : A sense of duty piompts me to cull your early at-
tention to the peculiar condition of things in Oregon. i
have been a citizen of that Territory for nearly three years?;
have tiaveJed the settled poition of it all over: had much
to do with the Indians. and know them, perhaps, as well as
any other man, and understand the wants of the American
citizens there; and can ^ay to you, that for their protection
and for the protection of others emigrating there^, that
troops to be garrisoned on the great road from St.
