1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1419
to the knowledge of members of tliis House; and
when that restrictive clause was introduced here,
it passed with scarcely a dissenting voice. There
is not a single reason which was urged then that
does not exist now with even greater force, in
consequence of the increase of population; and no
one of these three judges can absent himself from
his district for any length of time without serious
detriment to the interests of the people.
But the gentleman says, that if these officers do
not perform their duties properly, they should be
removed. This power of removal of a territorial
judge by the President is far from being conceded,
it is a mooted question at this moment before
the Senate of the United States, and many eminent
jurists deny that any such power exists. Be that
as it may, and even admitting that it does exist,
there are grave reasons why it should be exer-
cised only in extreme cases; for if the territorial
judiciary is subject to be displaced arbitrarily, and
without good and sufficient cause, it ceases to be
independent of Executivecontrol, and willspeedily
be converted into a mere political engine, and will
no longer be depended on or respected by the
people.
[Here the hammer fell, the hour for closing the
debate having arrived.]
Mr. RICHARDSON. I suppose some of the
votes on this bill will have to be taken by tellers,
and as there is evidently not a quorum present, I
move that the committee do now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committeeaccordingly rose, and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the chairman (Mr.
Stanton, of Tennessee,) reported, that the Com-
mittee of the "Whole on the state of the Union had
had the Union generally under consideration, and
Earticularly the special order, and had instructed
im to report to the House two bills, with the
recommendation that they do pass; the committee
had also had under consideration House bill No.
175, and had come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
Mr. CLlNGMAN". I ask my friend to with-
draw that motion for a single moment, to allow
me to make a correction in relation to a publication
in the Globe of yesterday.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Certainly. I withdraw
the motion.
CORRECTION OF THE REPORTS.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I desire, if there be no
objection, to make a correction in relation to a
publication which appears m the Globe of yester-
day. I do it at the instance of several gentlemen,
who desire it quite as much as I do. It appears
from the Globe of yesterday, that while I held the
floor the other day, I gave way to a gentleman
from New York, who made a speech, occupying
several columns, and that I then went on wifh my
own remarks, and made no reference at all to his
speech. Now, my constituents, and the constitu-
ents of other gentlemen, will think it very singular
that I should hold the floor, give another gentle-
man an opportunity of making a speech, and then
go on with my remarks and make no reference to
that speech. My constituents may say, " If you
did not choose to answer the speech, at any rate
you ought to have made some reference to it."
Now, the fact is just this, that a gentleman from
New York said he wished J would give him the
floor for a single moment, and that his object was
to notify the House that he intended to publish a
speech. I told him, of course, that I had no ob-
jection—it is a pure matter of taste. I then in-
formed the House that I had given him the floor
for that purpose. I made that statement, and he
made the statement to the committee, that he in-
tended to publish a speech. I took it for granted
that all tha* would go into theGlobe. If that had
been done, everybody would then have seen that
the speech which followed had not been actually
delivered in the House, and I and other gentlemen
should have been relieved of all responsibility of
answering it. Several gentlemen have come to me,
and said they considered such a thing a fraud on
the House. I will not use such a strong expres-
sion myself. I have no objection to the publica-
tion of speeches in the Congressional Globe that
have not been delivered here; but the foot that they
were not delivered here ought to be known and
understood. I wish, therefore, the reportof these
remarks to go into the Globe, so that it may be |
understood by the country that this speech was
not delivered here. I have no objection to the
gentleman publishing his speech. The only error
was in publishing it without the preliminary re-
marks, which would have shown that the speech
was not delivered,
A Voice. Whose speech was it?
Mr. CLINGMAN. The speech of Mr. Has-
call, of New York,
Another Voice. Move to expunge it! [A
laugh, j
Mr. CLINGMAN. Oh, no; let it go now.
On motion by Mr. RICHARDSON,
The House then adjourned until to-morrow at
twelve o'clock, m.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions, memorial?., &c., were presented
under the rule,and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. FITCH: The reinon>triuice of James E. Wine-
gar and other citizens of Elkhart comity, Indiana, against
the renewal of a patent to A. & Z. Parker, for alleged im-
provements upon reaction water-wheels.
By Mr. MeNAIll: The petition of Washington Rich-
aids and 25 other*, citizen^ of Montgomery county, Penn-
sylvania, praying a grant of 160 acres of land to the soldiers
of the wai of 1812.
By Mr. PARKER, of Indiana: The petition of Samuel
Johnson, Charles A. Jeffrey, and 148 other;!, citizens of
Wayne, Randolph, and Union counties, Indiana, praying
for a tri weekly mail route from Liberty, via (JentrevilJe, to
Winchester.
By Mr. WASHBURN: The petition of Isaac F. Ste
vensand others, for a pos>t route from North Lincoln, Penob-
scot county, Maine, to Nicketon, in s-aid county.
By Mr. FLORENCE : The memorial of John Howard,
Edward ford, and David Ford, praying Congress to afford
them speedy relief, by the parage of Senate bill No. 51,
prohibiting the importation of articles manufactured m tlie
Canadian piovinces from Ameucan patented machines,
under penalties.
House of Represen rxttvfs, May 20, 1852.
To the Editor of the Globe:
On Monday last, the Hon. Mr. Cullom, of Tennessee,
statud in the liou*e, that •' it was *aid my colleague, Hon.
James Brooks, advised me to change the vote I had given
on the fugitive slave law;'5 and in a way and manner as
degtading to me as the fact would be injinious to him, if the
statement, as made, were coirect.
My colleague and myselfare political and personal friends;
and on this occasion I went to Mr. Hrooks's seat, and con-
sulted with linn upon the course I was taking; but th.it he
induced me to change uiy vote, or attempted to do it, in the
conversation I had with linn, is not the fact
I du not appiove ot the practice of introducing upon the
floor of the House, the private con veisation* of gentlemen ;
but I attempted, at the moment, to obtain the floor, and to
relieve both my colleague and myself from the imputation ;
but it was not yielded to me, and I had no oppoi tumty to
reply upon the spot. Hence I take the liberty ot as-king
you to set my colleague and myself right before the public,
through jour columns.
Yours respectfully, GEORGE BRIGGS.
IN SENATE.
Friday, May 21, 1859.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. C. M. Butler.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Seriate a repot t of the Postmaster General, made in
compliance with a resolution of the Senate calling
for information in relation to the postal operations
of the United States; which was ordered to be
laid on the table and printed.
A motion, by Mr. SUMNER, that five thou-
sand exlra copies of the above report be printed
for the use of the Senate, was referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, I move to
suspend until one o'clock the order requiring to-
day to be devoted to private bills, for the purpose
of proceeding with the morning business until
that time; and at that hour I shall move to take up
the deficiency bill.
Mr. ATCHISON". I am willing: that the order
shall be suspended until one o'clock, but not for
the purpose of taking up the morning business. I
know that it is highly important that one Indian
treaty now before the Senate should be disposed
of in a short time. In my opinion, if we go into
Executive session, it will not take more than an
hour todisposeof it. It is said that there ><re now
some five or six thousand Indians collected upon
the Arkansas, waiting some action upon this
treaty
The PRESIDENT. The Senator must be
aware that it is not in order to refer to matters
pending in Executive session.
Mr. ATCHISON". I am fully aware of the
rules, but I did not know that, being an Indian
treaty, the rule strictly applied to it.
The PRESIDENT. It does apply.
Mr. ATCHISON. T wished to give the Sen-
ate some hint of the necessity of going into Execu-
tive session.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on the
motion to suspend the order requiring this day to
be devoted to private bills, until one o'clock.
Mr. CASS. Is it with a view of dispensing
with private business for the entire day?
The PRESIDENT. The motion is to dispense
with it until one o'clock. What may be done
afterwards, it is not for the Chair to say. That
will be a maiter for the decision of the Senate.
Mr. CASS. I trust that private business will
not be dispensed with. We have talked away
Friday after Friday,and utterly neglected private
business.
The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE BUSINESS.
Mr. ATCHISON. 1 move that the Senate now
proceed to the consideration of Executive business.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope not, I trust that the
Senate will proceed with the morning business;
and at one o'clock either take up the deficiency-
bill, or proceed with private business.
The motion was not agreed to.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. HALE. Mr, President, I hold in my
hand a petition numerously signed by citizens of
Dover, New Hampshire, the town in which I re-
side, respectfully entreating that the Senate will
concur in the bill which has passed the House of
Representatives, commonly called the homestead
bill. This petition has been gotten up without
any correspondence or knowledge of my own. It
is signed by men whom I know desire to take ad-
vantage of the bill. I move to refer the petition
to the Committee on Public Lands; and I hope
that the committee will give the subject its atten-
tion at an early day, so that we may have the
bill before the Senate, and be able either to pass it
or reject it.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WADE presented a petition of citizens of
Logan county, Ohio, praying that the bill of the
House exrendmg the time for locating Virginia
j military land warrants may not be passed; which
j was referred to  he Committee on Public Lands.
[ Mr, WALKER presented a petition of citizens
ofOwego, New York, praying that the bill now
I pending before Congress, granting to every man
• who is the head of a family and a citizen of the
! United States, one hundred and sixty acres of
i land, may become a law; which was referred to
! the Committee on Public Lands,
j Mr. SEWARD presented a petition of citizens
; of Rochester, New York, praying that Senate
. bill No. 51, affording protection to American in-
| ventors against the importation of their own pat-
i ented articles from foreign countries, may become
| a law; which was ordered to be laid on the table.
I Also, a petition of members of the Journeymen
' Tailors' Cooperative Union of the city of New
I York, praying that the bill now pending before
' Congress, granting to every citizen of the United
j States who is the head of a family, one hundred
j and sixty acres of land, may become a law;
! which was referred to the Committee on Public
! Lands.
1 Mr. BORLAND presented a petition of citi-
zens of Batesville, Arkansas, praying the estab-
lishment of daily lines of mail steamers between
Louisville and New Orleans; which was referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Mr. CASS presented a petition of citizens of
New York, praying that the bill now pending be-
fore Congress, granting to every citizen of the
United States, who is at the head of a family, one
hundred and sixty acres of land, may become a
law: which was referred to theCommitteeon Pub-
lic Lands.
Also, a memorial of Henry Ball and others,
praving a modification of the bounty land lawj
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. CHASE presented a petition of citizens of
Shelby, Richland county, Ohio, praying that the
hill now pending before Congress, granting to
i every citizen of the United ^tates, who is at the
head of a family, one hundred and sixty acres of
land, may become a law: which was referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
