2284
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 21,
Mr. OLDS. I move to lay the bill upon the
table.
Mr. CHANDLER. I merely wish to say,
whatever may be the law——
Mr. STUART, (in his seat.) There is a mo-
tion pending to lay the bill upon the table. It was
made by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Olds-,]
but the Chair was occupied, and did not hear it,
The SPEAKER. Was the motion made be-
fore the gentleman tcok his seat?
Mr. OLDS. Yes, sir.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not hear it,
and therefore it is not a motion.
Mr. OLDS. I made the motion again after-
wards.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Michi-
gan when he addresses the Chair will rise.
Mr, STUART. I merely stated that the Chair
was occupied at the time, and did not hear the
motion made by the gentleman from Ohio.
' The SPEAKER. The Chair receives the re-
buke in all kindness, but would rather receive it
from the gentleman standing than sitting.
- Mr. STUART. Will the Chair allow me to
state that I made the suggestion with the most
perfect respect to the Chair?
* Mr. CHANDLER. I merely wish to remark,
that if this were a case clearly sustained by the
existing law, it would not come here to ask our
legislation upon it; but it is one that appeals to
our -sense of right.
Mr. OLDS, (interrupting.) Does the Chair
entertain my motion to lay the bill upon the table?
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not, because
he did not hear it.
Mr. OLDS. I made it twice.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ch vndler]
is entitled to the floor.
Mr. CHANDLER. I was saying, sir, that
this is a case that clearly appeals to our sense of
right and justice; not legally, perhaps. If this \
person had deposited his money in Adams &
Co.'s express office below here, and Adams &
Co. had lost the money, as the mail lost the
money, they would have been responsible to the
person who deposited it, or the person who was
to receive it, for the full amount. Now I know
that the Government, although it takes* upon itself
to be a common earner, does not regulate its con-
duct by the common laws which it pres( nbes for
common carriers, and if 1 send money to you
through the mail and it is lost, even though I can
show Hint it was deposited, I cannot compel the
Department to repay it. But if, in the case of
common carriers like Adams & Co., they are com-
pelled to do it, then, a fortiori, if Adams & Co.,
besides being carriers, are themselves to be the re-
ceivers of money or carriers of their own, it ap-
pears to me that not only they would be doubly
bound, but that we would be singly bound in
right to pay that which we undertook to carry for
another person on deposit, but really for ourselves.
It is a case that appeals, I think, to our sense of
right.
Mr. JOHNSON", of Tennessee. With the per-
mission of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, I
wish to ask a question, f want to act umlerstand-
ingly in this matter; and I do not wish to set a bad
precedent, if I know it. Let me suppose a case.
Suppose here is a contractor with the Government;
and after the contractor has carried the mail, say,
for a quarter at Washington, they make out a
draft, or remit money at some point to the con-
tractor in payment of his contract. Suppose while
the draft or money iw in transitu from the Govern-
ment making payment of the money to the con-
tractor, the money or draft is lost: who will
bear the loss of the draft or money in that in-
stance—the contractor or the Government? The
Government remits, the money at its own risk;
and if the contractor does not receive it, of course
the Government is bound to pay it. Well, then,
vice versa, suppose the contractor or postmaster
falls in debt to the Government, and remits the
money, must not he take the risk of the mail on
the oae hand, as the Government does upon the
other' If we pass a bill of this sort, it will estab-
lish a principle that we become responsible for all
the money lost m the mail, and there will be no
end to this thing. The postmasters ail over the
country will have remitted their money, and will
apply to Congress for payment; and there is no
tellingr to what extent frauds will be the result.
Individuals should be placed upon the same foot-
ing in making payments to the Government as the
government is in making payments to individuals.
Mr. CHANDLER. I will simply reply to the
question of the gentleman, that in this case he over-
looks the fact, which he stated himself, that the
Government in both cases undertakes to be car-
riers, and is paid for carrying. It is different if I
should send the money to you. if the Govern-
ment sends the money to me, and undertakes to
carry it to me, it must take the risk of it. That
is the case presented here. I do not wish to argue
a case, of course, not sustained by any existing
law, but one that demands our legislation.
I renew the motion to lay the bill upon ,the
table,
The motion~was agreed to, and the bill was laid
upon the table.
Mr. ORR moved to reconsider the vote by which
the bill was laid upon the table, and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table; which
latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. EDGERTON. I rise for the purpose of
moving that the House proceed to the consider-
ation of the business upon the Speaker's table.
Mr, HOUSTON, i would ask the gentleman,
and the House, to discharge the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the U niori from a bill making
appropriations for the service of the Post Office
Department during this fiscal year, and bring it
into the House and pass it. It will not take half
an hour to dispose of it.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. Has the
morning hour expired ?
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. WASHBURN. I wish to inquire, if the
House proceed to the business on the Speaker's
table, will they go to the consideration of private
bills ?
The SPEAKER. Private bills alone, this being
private bill day.
Mr. WASHBURN. Then I hope that the
House will agree to the motion of the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Edgkrton.J
The question was then taken upon Mr. Edger-
ton's motion, and it was agreed to.
GASTON AND RALEIGH RAILROAD.
The SPEAKER. There is a pending question
to reconsider the vote by which the bill for the
relief of the Raleigh and Gaston Railroad was
laid upon the table yesterday. It can be con-
sidered now or hereafter.
Mr. STUART. I propose to have it at once
disposed of, and I move to lay the motion to re-
consider upon the table.
Mr. YENABLE demanded the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
Mr. STANLY. What is the question we are
about to vote upon ?
The SPEAKER. On yesterday the House, by
a vote, laid the Raleigh and Gaston Railroad bill
upon the table. A motion was made to recon-
sider that vote, and a motion now made to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table, which is
the pending question, and upon that motion the
yeas and nays have been ordered.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 understand that the gen-
tleman who represents the district through which
this line runs, and in which he is much interested,
is not in the House; and that being the case, I
hope the House will agree to go into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union on the
Post Office appropriation bill. It will not occupy
half an hour.
Mr. STUART. I rise to a question of order.
I submit that the motion to lay upon the table is
equally a privileged motion as the motion to go
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, and being first made, it must be first
acted upon.
The SPEAKER. The Chair concurs in the
opinion expressed by the gentleman from Michi-
gan, that the motion to lay upon the table is a
privileged motion, and being first put, must be
first acted upon by the House. The gentleman
from Alabama proposes, inasmuch as some gen-
tleman who is much interested in this bill is not
in the city or in the Hall, that the consideration of
the motion to lay upon the table the motion to re-
consider, be postponed, which can only be done
by unanimous consent.
Mr. CABLE, of Ohio. I object.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Stuart's
motion; and it was decided in- the affirmative—
yeas 73, nays 72—as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Bennett, Bibighaus, John H.
Boyd, Burrows, Busby, Joseph Cable, Thompson Camp-
bell, Cartter, Chapman, CJark, Curtis, John G. Davis,
Dawson,Dean, Dimmick, Doty, Duncan, Dunham,Edger-
ton, Florence, Fowler, Henry M. Fuller, Gilmore, Goode-
now, Greeiij Hamilton, Hammond, Hart, Hascali, Haven,
Henn, Hibbard, Horsford, John W. Howe, Thomas M.
Howe, Ingersoll, Ives, Jenkins, Andrew Johnson, Daniel
T. Jones, George W. Jone*, J. Glancy Jones, George G.
Kin , Preston King, Kurtz, Mann, Martin, McLanahan,
McNair, Miner, Henry D." Moore, Murray, Newton, An-
drew Parker, Perkins, Robbins, Robie, Schootimaker, Da-
vid L. Seymour, Benjamin Stanton,' Thaddeus Stevens,
Stratton, Stuart, Sutherland, Svveetser, Thurston, Towns-
hend, Tuck, Walbndge, Washburn, Wells, and Wildnck
—73.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, William Appleton, Ashe, Aver-
ett, Babcock, Banere, Beale, Bocock, Bownu, Bragg,
Brenton,- Briggs, Brooks, Albert G. Brown, George H.
Brown, Caldwell, Caskie, Clingman, Cobb, Colcock,
Doekery, Edmundson, Evans, Faulkner, Fiteh, Gentry,
Goodrich, Hall, Harper, Isham G. Harris, Sampson VY.
Harris, Hehard, Hendricks, Holladay, Houston, Howard,
Thomas Y. How, Jackson, John Johnson, Iiobert W.
Johnson, Landry, Mace, McQueen, Miller, Millson, Mo-
lony, John Moore, Morehead, Murphy, Olds, Orr, Outlaw,
Samuel W. Parker, Penn, Porter, Powell, Smith, Stanly,
Frcdcnck P. Stanton, Richard 11. Stanton, Abraham P.
Stephens, St. Martin, Strother, Taylor, Benjamin Thomp-
son, Venable, Wallace, Ward, Watkms, Welch, Addi.
son White, and Alexander White—72.
So the motion to reconsider was laid upon the
table.
Mr. HOUSTON. I wish to test the sense of the
House, whether they will go into the Committee
of the Whole on,the state of the Union, and take
up one of the appropriation bills, or not. I there-
fore move that the rules be suspended, and that
the House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. How many
appropriation bills are there behind?
Mr. HOUSTON. Only three—the Post Office
bill, the steam-mail service bill, and the fortifica-
tion bill. I wish to take up the PostOffice appro-
priation bill. It will not take long to d ispose of it.
Mr. HAMILTON demanded tellers; which
were ordered; and Messrs. Hamilton and Mo-
lony were appointed.
The question was then put upon Mr. Houston's
motion* and the tellers reported 74 in the affirma-
tive. A further count not being insisted on, the
.motion was agreed to.
. The rules were accordingly suspended; and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Stuart
in the chair.)
POST OFFrCE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move to take up House
bill No. 241, " making appropriations for theser-
vice of the Post Office Department during the fiscal
year ending June 30th, 1853."
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was ac-
cordingly taken up for consideration.
Mr. HOUSTON. This is a very short bill,
and I am anxious that a portion of to-day shall
be devoted to the Private Calendar. If the com-
mittee will consent to act upon the bill without
any general debate, I am satisfied; but if any
general debate is to spring up, I shall move that
the committee rise, and ask the House to close the
debate upon it. I now ask that the bill may be
read.
The bill was read through.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I desire to make an appeal
to the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Houston.]
I have taken up very little of the time of the House
this session, but I want to make a few remarks
with reference to a bill which may come up, and
upon which I may be unable to get an opportunity
to say anything. I do not wish to occupy much
time, but \ wish to make a few observations to the
committee, of a general nature.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the gentleman wants only
fifteen or twenty minutes, I am willing to close
the debate in that time.
Mr. SWEETSER. I object to any such ar-
rangement.
Mr. CLINGMAN I believe I am entitled to
the floor.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ala-
bama is entitled to the floor. Does he yield it.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I understand the gentle-
man as yielding it to me.
Mr. HOUSTON. I shall propose to go into
the House, and close the debate, letting the House
