1420
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 21,
Mr. BRODHEAD presented ten memorials of
citizens of Schuylkill county, Pennsylvania, pray-
ing a modification of the tariff; which were re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. STOCKTON. Mr. President, I have a
petition from James W. Marshall, praying for a
donation of land in California. I have not much
to say about his petition at this time; but I give
notice to the Senate, that when it comes up for
consideration, I shall have something to say about
it. This petition has been sent to me from Cali-
fornia, because Mr. Marshall belonged to the
" sailor army" there. He was a man of great en-
terprise, great talent, and great courage, and was
very useful. He deserves great commendation
from the public, and great gratitude from me for
his services. He was the discoverer of gold mines
in California. Senators will thus see that this is
a matter of some importance, and I hope they will
help me to get the subject up some of these days.
I move to refer the petition to the Committee on
Public Lands.
It was so referred.
Mr. STOCKTON also presented a petition of
Robert Heuguenin; a petition of seamen of the
United States Navy, who served in the late war
with Mexico; and a" memorial of citizens of Penn-
sylvania, praying a modification of the bounty
land law, which were referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
REPORTS FROM A STANDING COMMITTEE.
Mr. FELCH, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to which was referred the bill to authorize
the Secretary of the Treasury to convey the right
of way to the Cleveland and Pittsburg and to the
Cleveland and Painesville and Ashtabula Railroad
Companies through certain lands therein men-
tioned, reported it back with an amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the bill granting lands to the States
of Louisiana and Mississippi, in aid of the con-
struction of certain railroads therein, reported it
back with an amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the memorial of the clerks of the
Land Office, praying an increase of their salaries,
asked to be discharged from the further considera-
tion thereof, and that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance; which was agreed to.
OBSTRUCTIONS IN THE SAVANNAH RIVER.
Mr. BERRI EN. Mr. President, I have a per-
sonal favor to ask of the Senate. Circumstances
require that I should leave the city in the course
of a few days, for the purpose of returning to
Georgia. I nave an anxious desire that two bills,
introduced by me at an early stage of the session,
may be considered before I leave the city; and,
with a view to test, the disposition of the Senate
to indulge me in this wish, I move to suspend the
prior orders, for the purpose of taking up " the
bill to provide for the removal of the obstructions
in the Savannah river, in the State of Georgia,
and for the improvement of the same." 1 beg to
state, that this bill has several times passed tlu3
body, but has not been arrived at in the House.
The obstructions in tluit river are increasing from
day to day, so as to threaten to render valueless
the wharf property of" the city. Tile bill call oc-
cupy but little time, and I hope the Senate will
agree to tnke it up.
Air. HUNTER. I have no objection to taking
up the bill, provided the Senator will agree that, if
it leads to debate, it. shall be laid aside at one
o'clock. )
Mr. BERRIEN. I presume there will be no
debate on the subject.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the bill as in Committee of the
Whole. It provides that the sum of §50,000 be
appropriated, to be applied under the direction of
the chief of the corns of Topographical Engineers,
to the removal of obstructions in the Savannah
river, below the city of Savannah, and to the im-
provement of said river by the construction of such
works as, in his judgment, may be best adapted
to accomplish ihnt object.
amendment heins: offered, the bill was re-
ported ro the Senate without amendment.
Theqnestiori was? stated to be: Shall this bill be
engrossed and read a third time5
Mr. DODGrE, of Iowa. I would like very much
that the gentleman from Georgia, who sits furthest
from me, would give the Senate some explanation
with respect to this bill*, and especially, as I under-
stand that it relates to a sort of improvement to
which he demurs very much when applied in the
western country. 1 do not object to the bill. I
merely wish to know if the improvement which it
contemplates is one of that class to which he has
such strong objections proposed for the Ohio and
Mississippi rivers?
Mr. BhRRIEN. I presume the Senator from
Iowa does not address the remark which he made
upon the subject of opposition to internal improve-
ments to me ?
Mr. DODGE. Not to you, sir. I made no
allusion to you.
Mr. BERRIEN. I beg to say to the Senator,
in explanation, that this is a bill which, by repeated
decisions of this body, does not involve the ques-
tion of internal improvements. It is for the removal
of obstructions which were created by the Govern-
ment. During the revolutionary war, wrecks weie
sunk in the Savannah river below the city of Sa-
vannah, for the purpose of preventing the approach
of the enemy. These formed a nucleus around
which banks have been formed, and they have
obstructed the flow of the water from the river
above, which is divided opposite to the city of
Savannah, by the intervention of an island. The
effect of these continued obstructions, is to cause
the flow of the water from the southern to the
northern portion of the river—from the river above
to the river below—so as to leave the water very
shallow along the wharves of the city; and it is
feared, that, m process of time, the obstructions
there will so increase as to interfere with the use of
the wharves for purposes of commerce. My object
is not to delay the Senate, and therefore I will not
further trespass upon their time. This question
has been duly considered before, and I trust the
bill will meet with no objection from the Senator
from Iowa
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. My object was precise-
ly the same. I did not wish to delay the decision
of the Senate for a moment; but I was anxious to
hear from the Senator fiom Georgia, who sits
furthest fiom me, and whose clarion voice lias been
so often heard in this Chamber, upon occasions
where bills of like character were pending, if he
could vote for this bill, and could sit in his seat
and allow it to pass, without giving us one of his
eloquent speeches which we have so often heard
in opposition to grants of land and money for in-
ternal improvements.
Mr. DAWSON. I cannot go into the discus-
sion of tills question; for 1 well know that the Sen-
ator perfectly understands the distinction between
this bill and internal improvement bills generally.
Even his Democratic friends, who have been all
along opposed to internal improvements of rivers
and harbors, from the highest to the lowest, clearly
perceive that difference.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading. It was subsequently read a third time
and passed.
•JUDICIAL SALARY.
Mr. BERRIEN. There was another bill which
1 introduced at an early stage of the session, upon
which I staled that I desired the action of the Sen-
ate, as [ supposed it would not involve debate. It
is a bill to regulate the compensation of the
district judge of the United States for the district
of Massachusetts. It is sustained by evidence
here, leaving no doubt as to its propriety. I move,
therefore, to postpone the previous orders, tor the
purpose of taking up the bill.
Mr. HUNTER. I wilt a^ree to that motion
with the same understanding with regard to this, \
as with regard to the other bill. ,
Mr. BERRIEN. Certainly. '
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate  ro- I
cesded to consider the bill as in Committee of the
Whole. _ ;
It provides that'there shall be allowed to the
judge of the district court of the United States for !
the district of Massachusetts, a yearly comoensa- ■
tion of $3,500. to be paid at the"Tieasnry of liie !
United Statt-s in quarterly payments. ' :
Mr. BERRIEN. [ beg to siy, ^nnpiy, on this !
subject, that when the present incumbent was ap- ;
pointed to that office, the salary was <,"2,500, which I
it is still; but at that time, the jurisdiction oC the 1
court was very much less than it now is. The i
business of the court was then very much less than !
by the increase of its jurisdiction, it has now be-
come. The increase has occurred in two ways;
first, by an alteration of the crimes act cases,
which before were under the jurisdiction of the
circuit court, are now committed to the jurisdic-
tion of the district court. The business of this
judge has been further increased by the fact, that
the attendance of the circuit court judge for one
term m each year is dispensed with; and, conse-
quently, the district judge is obliged to hold, not
only a protracted district court in consequence of
the increase of business in that court, but he is also
obliged to sit alone and transact the business of
the circuit court.
These facts are disclosed in the statement of the
members of the bar of that district, and the state-
ment of respectable gentlemen, which were laid
before the Committee on the Judiciary, and also
by reference to our statutes. The object of the bill
is to place the district judge for Massachusetts,
living in Boston, upon the same footing- tia the dis-
trict judge of the southern district of New York,
living in the city of New York. I hope there will
be no objection to it.
Mr. HALE. I want to ask a single question of
the Senator from Massachusetts. 1 do not mean
to oppose this bill. I know the facts which the
Senator from Georgia has stated; but I want to in-
quire what is the salary of the State judges in
Massachusetts?
Mr. SUMNER. The salary of the chief jus-
tice of Massachusetts is $3,500; and the salary of
tho associate justices of the suoreme court is
#3,000.
Mr. BORLAND. I would inquire what amount
of salary this judge now recenes?
Mr. BERRIEN. Two thousand five hundred
dollats.
Mr. BORLAND. I am opposed, as I have said
upon a former occasion,to any extravagant allow-
ance—certainly to any increase of allowance—to
Federal officers, either here, at the seat of Govern-
ment, or in any of the States. 1 am not acquainted
with the character or the extent of the service
which this jud?e has to render, which should put
him upon a different footing, and entitle him to a
higher rate of compensation than thedistrictjudges
in other States receive.
Mr. BERRIEN. I would say to the Senator,
that it is believed that the duties of the district
judge in the district of Massachusetts, and m the
southern district, of New York, are greater than
they are in the other districts in the United States.
The object of this bill is to place the district judge
of Massachusetts upon the same footing as the dis-
trict judge of New York. He has had an increase
of business, from the causes which I have stated,
which would abundantly appear to the honorable
Senator from Arkansas, if he had an opportunity
of examining the papers to which I have referred;
but I tiust that he will take my assurance of their
contents. Prom them, it appears that the business
of the district court of Massachusetts has so in-
creased as to engage the attention of the very
worthy gentleman who presides over that court
dming his whole time, and that the sum of $>9,500,
which he now receives, is inadequate to his sun-
port in the city of Boston, where his duties require
him to reside. I hope the bill will not encounter
further objection.
Mr. BORLAND. Mr. President, I do not
know that the proposed compensation to this judge
will be too great, under the circumstances stated
by the Senator trom Georgia. But I do know,
that in other States, anu in my own State, where
the duties of the district judge of theTJnited States
have been very greatly increased, no increase of
compensation has been made. 1 do not wish it to
be understood that 1 shnll make any anpiication
for an increase of compensation for the district
judges of my State, for 1 am opposed to it. His
duties occupy him a great deal more of his time
than they did before the increase of business, hut
yet they do not occupy so much of his time, in my
opinion, as to make any increase of compensation
necessary.
The rule upo.j which I have heretofore governed
myself in lelation to propositions of this kind, is,
to place the United States judges upon the same
footing, as to salary, with the State ofHcers of the
same class. I understand this to be phcinsr the
district judge of the United States in Massachu-
setts on the same footing with the associate justi-
ces of the supreme court of that State.
