14*22
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 21,
Mr. MALLORY. Mr. President, I will not
extend the discussion, as I see that the hour of
one is approaching. But 1 find that I voted under
a misapprehension in regard to the amendment of
the Senator from Arkansas. I intended to sup-
port this bill as it came from the Judiciary Com-
mittee. I hope my friend from Arkansas will
withdraw Ins opposition, and for this reason; No
parallel that he has produced, it appears to me, is
sutfimem to sustain his opposition to it. He seems
to think that, because the judges of a State get a
certain amount of compensation, that should" ne-
cessarily be a criterion by which the salaries of the
Federal judges should be determined.
-Mr. BORLAND. I say that is the best stand-
ard.
Mr. MALLORY. In my opinion, it offers no
standard whatever. Is it a standard to estimate
whfit a judge ran live upon, or for what a judge
is willing to take the office ana discharge its du-
ties? The judges are taken from the bar, and the
only true standard of their compensation is to
ascertain the amount which will induce the mem-
bers of the bar of a particular district, competent
to fulfill the duties of the office, to give up their
practice and go upon the bench. Take the instance
cited by the Senator from South Carolina. The
State judges of Louisiana receive $G,000 a year.
Now, a judge may live there m proper style, and
support the dignity of his office, for "§,2,000 a year.
In that case, clearly, the £6,000 paid to the State
judges would form no standard whatever. The
true standard is the amount which the services of
a man competent to fill the office are worth.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. ADAMS called for the yeas and nays on
the engrossment of the bill; and they were or-
dered, and being taken, resulted—yeas 35, nays
13—as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Badger, Roll, Berrien, Brisht. Brooke,
Butler, Oa^, Clarke, Dawson, Dodgp of Wisconsin,
Down?, BVh, Foot, Oyer. Hale, James, Jones of [owa.
Mallory, Manjinm, Millar, Mmton, Peaice, Ru-k, Sefoaa
tian, Seward, Shields, Smith, S< ule, Spruanoe, Stockton,
Sumner,Touoey. Underwood, Uphani, and Weller—35.
N VYS—Messrs Adams, Atcln-on, Borland, Brodhead,
Chn-e, Clemens, Dodge «t Iowa, Douglas, Hamlin, Hun-
ter, King, Wadft, and Walker—13.
So the bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
It was subsequently read a third, time and
DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. HUNTER. I now move to postpone the
prior orders of business for the purpose of taking
up the deficiencies bill.
Mr BORLAND. I hope that motion will not
prevail. I do think that, in justice to those whose
interests are involved in the private claims now
before Congress, and for whose benefit we adopted
the rule setting aside Fridays for the consideration
of these claims, we cannot any longer postponp
£heir consideration. We have now for a month
or more put aside all private claims, to the great
injustice, in my opinion,and certainly to the great
injury, of those whose claims upon us are not
only just, but beyond dispute; and have been en-
gaged in discussions which, so far, have resulted
in little good to the country, or to individuals. I
trust, therefore* that we will this day undertake to
,do justice to lo/ig-deferied claims.
The question was taken oo (lie motion to post-
pone the prior orders, and a division being" called
for there were—ayes 17, noes 22.
So the motion to postpone was not agreed to.
THE PRIVATE CALENDAR.
The "PRES!DENT. In conformity with the
rule, the Senate will proceed to th-e consideration
of the Private Calendar.
The rule Uy which the business-this day isgov-
erned, is the following resolution, which was
adopted on Friday, April 23d., on .th<e motion of
Mr. Norrjsi
" Resolved, That ts d&v, and every fourth Friday here-
after, -lull he devoted to the consideration of such private
bilN upon the. Calendar a<*haH not give iu« to delate ; and
whenewi debate r-hall ur^eupoua but,or an,y Senate,) *-,Ml
■expre^. a de-ire to debate the same* it shall go oyer to the
.following Fuday."
Wn-LIAM BEDIENT,
"Mr. ATCHISON. Under a mistake o,a the
last Friday on which the Senate considered pri-
vate bills, I made p {potion to indefinitely postpone
the consideration of a bill for the relief of William
Bedient. If it is in order—and I believe it is, as
, this is the first Friday since then that we have
j transacted private business—I wi 1 move to recon-
| aider the motion by which that bill was indefinitely
I postponed.
I The PRESIDENT. It will not be in order
1 now, to move to reconsider that vote. It is too
late. But, inasmuch as there was a mistake made,
and as the report was favorable, the bill can be
reinstated on the Calendar, by the unanimous
consent of the Se ate.
Mr. ATCHISON. Then I trusttheunanimous
consent of the Senate will be given.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair hears no ob-
jection; the bill will therefore take its place upon
the Calendar, and will be the first that comes up
for consideration.
The Senate accordingly proceeded to the con-
sideration of the bill for the relief of William Be-
dient, late a sergeant in the fourth regiment of
artillery.
Mr. CLEMENS. Is there a report in that case?
The PRESIDENT. There is.
Mr. LI ALE. Is this the day on which private
bills which generate debate are passed over?
The PRESI DENT. This is the day on which
all private bills leading to discussion must be laid
aside
Mr. HALE. Exactly.
The bill was read a second time, and considered
by the Senate as m Committee of the Whole. It
provides that the Secretary of the Interior be au-
thorized and directed to place the nameof William
Bedient, ar, pie&entof Newark, m the Stateof New
Jersey, late a sergeant in the fourth regiment of
artillery, on the roll of invalid pensioners, and that
he be allowed a pension at the rate of eight dollars
per month, from the 16th day of June, 1849, to con-
tinue during; his natural life.
Mr. CLEMENS. Is there a report m that case ?
The PRESIDENT. There is.
Mr. CLEMENS. I would iiketo hear it read.
The report was accordingly read,from which it
appeared that the said William Bedient enlisted
the 20th of January, 1840, and was then sound in
oody and of a firm and vigorous constitution. That
he reonlisted in November, 1844, and was still
sound in body and constitution. He was appointed
a sergeant while stationed at l'uebla,in Mexico,
in 1848. While stationed at Pensacola,m Florida,
he was discharged, on the examination of Doctor
Randall, post surgeon, by reason of hernia. That
from 1840, when first enlisted, to the time of his
discharge, in June, 1849, he was constantly, and
without furlough or other interruption, in the line
of his duty, and m the actual service of the United
States. That his health was perfectly good, and
his body entirely sound, until he was sent to Point
Is-ibel, in Texas, in 1846, where, in August, in
consequence of exposure and fa'igue, he contracted
fever and ague; and that after the reduction of the
disease by medical treatment, he first perceived
the hernia, which resulted in his discharge.
From statements made by Colonel Gardiner,
Major W. W. Morris, Lieutenant Colonel Brown,
and Brigadier General Childs, all of the United
States Aimy, it appeared that the claimant was a
soldier of good character; and from a letter of
assistant surgeon Joseph Eaton, it further appeared
that he was three fourths disabled from earning a
living by manual labor.
The Commissioner of Pensions, also, in a letter
to the chairman of the committee, dated February
2, 1852, says: Had the evidence of a commis-
sioned officer been produced, to show, in positive
terms, that the rupture was incurred in the line of
his duty, the claim to a pension would have been
allowed at the Pension Office."
Mr. CLEMENS, I am not perfectly satisfied
as to the propriety of allowing1 this pension. I
should like to inquire further into the merits of the |
The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator propose j
that the bill should be passed over? j
Mr. CLEMENS. Yes, sir.
The bill was accordingly passed over; but at a !
subsequent period of the day, its consideration
was resumed, on motion by Mr, Fish, Mr. Clkm-
ek-s having withdrawn his opposition.
The bill was then reported to the Senate without
amendment, and was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading. It was subsequently read a third
a$d passed.
THOMAS H. LEGGETT.
The PRESIDENT announced the next bill in
order to be that for the relief of Thomas H. Leg-
gett.
Mr. HUNTER. I object to that.
The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator desire
to discuss it?
Mr. HUNTER. I believe the bill has been dis-
cussed pretty fully. I am willing, if the yeas and
nays are taken, to have it voted upon now. I
think, however, it is a bill which was passed over
to accommodate the Senator from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Cooper,] and that on the whole it will be
well to pass it over again.
So the bill was passed over.
IRA DAY.
The bill for the relief of Ira Day, of Vermont,
was announced as next in order.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator from Delaware
[Mr. Bayard] requested meto say that he would
like to have that bill laid over.
Mr. BADGER. 1 would suggest that it would
be better not to lay the bill over. I believe it has
been discussed during six or seven hours already,
and I think it should'be disposed of. If the con-
sequence of having it laid over will be to renew
the discussion, that is an additional reason for not
doing it.
The PRESIDENT. This is a day on which
no discussion can be had upon any bill.
Mr. BADGER. I am aware of that; butif the
bill is to be discussed fdrther, hereafter, it should
not be passed over.
Mr. HUNTER. Upon reflection, I think it
will be as well to take the vote on the bill. I think
that the Senator from Delaware did discuss it.
Mr. ADAMS. That is no reason why he may
not wish to do it again.
The bill was then read, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole.
The bill originally authorized the Postmaster
General to pay to lra Day,of Vermont, $1,008 90,
together with interest thereon, from the first day
of July, 1837, out of the funds of the Post Office
Department, in full for the balance due to him for
transporting1 the mail from Royalton to Burling-
ton, in the Stateof Vermont, from January, 1833,
to July, 1837, and had been amended by striking
out the words, 44 together with interest thereon,
from the first day of July, 1837."
The bill was then reported to the Senate as
amended.
Mr. HUNTER. Is that the bill in which the
allowance of interest was stricken out ?
The PRESIDENT. The allowance of interest
was stricken out when the bill was under consid-
eration in Committee of the Whole.
The question was then taken on concurring in
the amendment, and it was not concurred in.
Mr. HUNTER. I now desire to have the bill
passed over; because if interest is to be allowed, it
becomes a debatable matter again.
So the bill was laid over.
HARRIET F. FISHER.
A bill for the relief of the widow of Marvin W 
Fisher came up next in order, and was read a
second time. It authorizes the Secretary of the
Treasury to pay to Harriet P. Fisher, the widow
and executrix of Marvin W. Fisher, the sum of*
$20,0(J0, as a full compensation for the past use of
the machine invented by him for charging percus-
sion caps in the awenals of the United States, and
also for the future free and undisturbed use by the
Government of the patent-right to said machine,
with its improvements, as patented on the 21st day
of November, 1848, during the entire term of
fourteen years for which said patent is to run.
Mr. HALE. What committee reported that
bill?
The PRESIDENT. It was reported by the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. HALE. There is another bill relating to
this very matter, reported from the Committee on
Military Affairs by the Senator from Illinois, [Mr.
Shields,] who is not now m his seat, and the
Senator from California, who reported the bill
from the Committee on Naval Affairs, is not in
his seat.
Mr. BADGER. Let the bill be passed over.
So the bill was passed over.
SYLVANUS BLODGET.
The consideration, as in Committee of the
