510
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 10,
ton] to order, but the gentleman from Florida [Mr.
Cabell] rises to a question of order 
Mr. HOUSTON. With the permission of the
gentleman from Texas, I, will make a statement
of facts. The estimates which concern him di-
rectly, are not the only estimates upon which the
committee have to form a bill. Now, if it were
true that half a dozen pages of printed matter
were all, the committee might take them up, if
they had possession of the printed communica-
tion, so as to act upon the subject; but the gentle-
man forgets that there is a large deficiency in the
Quartermaster's Department—a large deficiency
in the Wavy—a large deficiency in the Department
of the Interior. All these things have to consti-
tute one bill, and we cannot venture to take uj>
every item 
The SPEAKER. The Chair is compelled to
call the gentleman to order.
Mr. HOWARD. I was stating, when I was
interrupted, why this regiment could not be re-
moved back again to Oregon, for the simple rea-
son that there is no money in the Quartermaster's
Department to defray the expenses. That, I in-
sist, is pertinent to the resolution. Now the gen-
tleman says that the Committee of Ways and
Means have not had the estimates before the com-
mittee. They have had the estimates of the de-
ficiency bill for the Army, which were referred on
the 13th of the last month.
Mr. CABELL, of Florida. I rise to the same
point of order. The remarks of the gentleman
from Texas have nothing to do with the question.
Mr. HOWARD. That is a matter for the
Speaker to decide.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is not inclined to
regard the gentleman from Texas as wandering
entirely beyond the boundaries of this debate, in
referring to the means of the Government for
transferring these troops. The gentleman from
Texas is in order.
Mr. HOWARD. On the 13th of January, this I
matter was referred and ordered to be printed, and
for about two weeks the printed estimate has been
in my desk—how much longer m my box, I do
not know. It seems to me, in a matter of so
much importance—involving the security of the
whole frontier—the efficiency of the whole Army
.itself—Jhat this is a late day for the deficiency bill,
and not yet brought in, and which ought to have
been passed long ere this. The necessary money
to make the Army efficient should have been ap-
propriated, as almost the first business of the
House, because, whatever may be the fault in rela-
tion to the defences of the country, I undertake
to say that it rests here. It does not rest with the
Administration. I feel bound in justice to the
Administration to say, that at the last session of
Congress they called repeatedly both for men and
means to enable tliem to make the frontier de-
fences efficient. By the course pursued at the last
session of Congress in cutting down the estimates
one half m the Quartermaster's Department, and
that, too, without any reason, and by the refusal
or neglect of the House this session to this late
day to supply that deficiency in any degree, the
fault rests here; and the frontiers of the country
are not protected in the manner in which they
ought to be. 1 wish at the proper time to move
to strike out all the resolution from the word " re-
solved," arid to substitute in its place "that the
Committee on Military Affairs be instructed to in-
quire into it," &c.
Mr. GORMAN. I understand the motion is
to reconsider the vote by which the resolution was
adopted.
The SPEAKER. There is a motion now for
reconsideration.
Mr. ORR. Will that motion come up to-mor- '
row, if m>t disposed of> 1
The SPEAKER. It is a privileged question— |
the motion to reconsider—which may be called up :
to-morrow. 1 !
* k°Pe my friend from Indiana '
par. vxorman] will gi\e way to amotion to ad- i
journ. i make the motion that the House do now I
adjourn. I
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to under- I
stand the condition of the question, should the 1
House now adjourn. If the motion should come t
up to-morrow to reconsider, and it be carried, then
I should think the resolution, having* come in
under a suspension of the rules, will go over until
next Monday.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is inclined to the
opinion, that if the vote is reconsidered, the reso-
ution will be before the House in order for con-
sideration.
Mr. CLINGrMAN. It is only when a motion
is made, and not acted upon, that it goes over to
the next suspension day. This has been acted
upon.
On motion, it was
Ordered, That leave be granted to withdraw from the
files of the House, the papers of John Gordon for purposes
of reference.
Mr. GORMAN, I yielded to my friend to
make the motion, upon the supposition that this
matter would come up to-morrow morning.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that, as
a privileged question, it may be called up.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I will call the at-
tention of the Chair to the fact, that after the House
has disposed of the privileged question, then the
resolution, coming in under the suspension of the
rules, must, I think, according to the practice of
the House, go over to the next Monday—the sus-
pension day.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks, in exam-
ining the practice of the House, that the subject
has come fairly before the House, and after being
reconsidered by the House, it will be in order to
vote upon the resolution. But Uie Chair states
distinctly, that it reserves to itself the right of de-
termining that matter when it comes up.
Mr. JONES. The Chair will find upon exami-
ation, that the practice of the House, at the last
session of Congress, when a similar question arose,
was as I have already stated.
On motion, it was
Ordered, That leave be granted to withdiaw from the
files of the liuuse, the papeis of John Sloane, for the pur-
pose of reference to one of the Executive Depaitments.
The question was then taken upon the motion
for adjournment, and it was agreed to.
The House adjourned till to-morrow at twelve
o'clock.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions, memorials, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees :
liy Mr. IJO WNE : The petition of James Cleveland, Jr.,
and others, a committee ot the rope-makers ot Kings coun-
ty, 111 the titate ol New Yoik, praying for an alteration of
tile tanff.
By Air. IIORSFOItD : The petition of sundry citizens
of Geneva, New York, praying for additional protectioii to
the business of manufacturiug segars.
By Mr. BURROWS : The memorial of A. A. Hibbard
and others, citizens of the State of New York, remonstra-
ting agaiudt an extension of 0. II. McCormick's patent tor
a reaping machine.
By Mr. GOODRICH : The petition of Bancroft Fowler
and others, of Stockbridge, Massachusetts, piaying Con-
gress to take such action as it may deem best in lavor of
stipulated arbitration as a substitute for war, as an aibiter
of justice among nations.
AUo, the petition of Ezra Heath, in behalf of the heirs of
Gilbeit Dencli, tor the payment ot the balance equitably due
under a contract with the Government.
By Mr. I1BNN. The petition of Jsaac G. Wilt&on and
35 others, citizens of Potveslieik county, Iowa, asking for
a mail loute trom Fairfield, via Lancaster. Siffourni v°and
Induumpoh*, to Montezuma. *
By Mr. GROW: The petition of citizens of Susquehan-
na county, Pennsylvania, for a mail route from Fnends-
ville, m said county, to South Warien,in Bradford county.
xJ<'LiNGMAN ; The memorial of Captain Charles
Wilkes, relative to Hie search for Sir John Franklin.
By Mr. BUiGGd: The memorial of the presidents and
cashiers of the banks in Albany, New York, and 28 mem-
bers of the Senate of the State of New York, asking Con-
gress to establish a Mint in the city of New York.
By Mi. MiLLSON: The petition of William T. Ilendren
cleik Oi the distnct court of the United States tor the east-
ern district of Virginia, praying a reasonable annual salaiv.
By Mr. McDOiVALD: The petition ot Chnstopher B.
Sawyer and 17 other*, citizens of Maine, for a IHit-house
on the Nubble, at Cape Neddech. °
AlbO, the petition oi G. N. Fieeman and others, on same
subject. y
Also, the petition of Captain E. Perkins and others, on
same subject. 7
By Mr. VVEETS I'R: The petition of Enoch Wman and
otheis, citizens of Licking county, Ohio, tor additional
compensation lor taking the census, under the act ot Mav
23d, !8o0. J
By Mr. G1DDINGS: The petition of William Chandler
and other citizens of Clinton, Ohio; li. Van Houton
and 12o otner-?, oi Morns county, New Jersey; Mmn G. '
Moulin and 67 ofhei citizens of Ohio, Kenneth Monthly !
Meeting ot the religious Society of Friends, for the repeal of I
the fugitive slave iaw.
AWT, the petition of William Miley and 80 othei citizens i
of Illinois, lor observance of the Sabbath. 1
=.By 'Mr'JIU1,DLE • Tiiemeinonal of 1,300 citizens of the I
Mate of Delaware, praying for an appropriation to build a '
custom house in the city ot' Wilmington. I
By Mr. BUELL : The petition of Sergeant William Pratt, I
tor a pension. ' }
By Mr. BARRERfi: Threesqveralpetitions,numerously !
signed, by citizens of Clermont county, Ohio, praying for
the establishment of an Agricultural Bureau.
By Mr. CHANDLERi The memorial of tile Board of
Trade, of Philadelphia, relative to a bianch Mint in New
York.
Also, of Mary F. B. Lively, of Philadelphia, asking for a
pension on accountof services ntid sufferings of her husband
m the service of tfie United States.
Also, proceedings of the Agricultural Society, of Penn-
sylvania, recommending the establishment of an Agncui-
tuial Bureau by the United States.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, February 10, 1852.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. C. M. Bdtler.
PETITIONS.
Mr. WADE presented a memorial of the assist-
ant marshals for taking the Seventh Census m
Clinton county, Ohio, praying additional compen-
sation; which was referred to the Committee of
Claims.
Mr. DOWNS presented the memorial of Wil-
liam R. Glover and James J. Wright, praying
that the Postmaster General may be authorized to
contract with them for the transportation of the
mails between New Orleans and Vera Cruz, touch-
ing at Tampico; which was refer) ed to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. BADGER presented seven memorials of
assistant marshals for taking the Seventh Census
in North Carolina, praying additional compensa-
tion; which were referred to the Committee of
Claims.
Mr. SHIELDS presented the memorial of John
A. Dix and John A. Bolles, sureties of the late
R. S. Dix, praying certain credits in the settle-
ment of his accounts as a paymaster in the Army;
which was referred to the Committee on Military
! Affairs.
j Also, a petition of the President and Directors
J of the Mississippi and Atlantic Railroad Corn-
party, praying the right of way and a donation of
land; which was referred to the Committee on
Pubhc Lands.
Also, the petition of John Mitchell, praying to
be allowed back pension; which was referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
Also, two petitions of citizens of Illinois, pray-
ing the right of way and a donation of land for
the construction of a railroad from Shawneetown
to the Mississippi river, opposite to Saint Louis;
which were referred to the Committee oil Public
Lands.
Also, the petition of Jeremiah Twarny, praying
compensation for a coat lost while he was aiding
in extinguishing the fire in the Capitol on the 24th
December last; which was referred to the Com-
mittee to Audit and Control the Contingent Ex-
penses of the Senate.
Mr. CLEMENS presented the petition of Wil-
liam O'Brien, a lieutenant in the late war with
Mexico, praying three months' extra pay and his
traveling expenses home; which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. FISH presented a petition of bank officers
and others, of Albany,New York, praying the es-
tablishment of a Mmt in the city of New York;
which was referred to the Committee on Finance.'
Mr. BRADBURY presented a memorial of
'merchants, shippers, ship-owners, underwriters,
and others, of Bath, Maine, praying that the act
of March 3, 1847, for the reduction of the costs
and expenses of proceedings m admiralty against
ships and vessels may not be repealed; which was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. SHIELDS. I have been requested to pre-
sent the memorial of Mrs. Mary Ann W. Van
ISess, playing an extension of the jurisdiction of
the Supreme Court, so as to allow her an appeal
fiom a decision of the circuit courtfor the District
of Columbia, which I move to refer to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr._ BU TLER. I do not like to interpose any
objection to sending anything to the Committee on
the Judiciary that properly belongs to it. I do
not say that this matter would not have originally
belonged to that committee, but it has beenbefore
that committee, arrd I have once brought in u bili
m connection with it. As well as 1 can recollect
her former memorial—and I have no doubt this
is the same was, that we should review a certain
law, and make a retrospective law so as to allow
her to go to the Supreme Court of the United
{states for a revision of her rights. That bill
which was presented, wasconsidered and disposed'
