1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2287
(l In 1812 he enlisted in the Army of the United States,
under General Bissell, and served with fidelity to the end or
the war, losing an eye at the battle of Lundy's Lane.
" The Government is now giving to the actual settlers in
Oregon three hundred and twenty acres of land. The do-
nation of this quantity of land to actual settlers is a ready
means to induce population, and convert the wilderness
into blooming and cultivated States; and while the com-
mittee, under the circumstances and position of the Oregon
Territory, readily recognize the propriety and justness of
such an application of the lands in that distant and unpro-
tected quarter, they also think that something maybe due
for the remnant of thatsmali band who accompanied Lewis
and Clark in their long, perilous, and laborious expedition.
Tins expedition was undertaken under the direction of
Government; the officers andthe men were under its com-
mand; their toilsome services were for the benefit of the
country at large, and their discoveries constitute, perhaps,
the true and legitimate basis, next to pioximity, of our title
to that country. The petitioner not only fought in defense
of his country, but Ins labors contributed to the extension
of its borders and the possession of the magnificent and
important valleys on the Pacific slope.
" He was appointed sergeant by Lewis and Clark, and
kept a daily journal of the transactions of the corps of ex-
ploration, and a full and homely, yet graphic description of
the country through which they passed. This journal spoke
with its native and forcible simplicity to the people of the
West, long before the voluminous and expensive work of
Lewis and Clark was published, and it contributed much to
the feeling and the fact that made Oregon a part of the
whole country.
" Mr. G ass. i t is believed, is the only survivor of that ex-
pedition who returned with it; he has otherwise faithfully
served bis countiy ; he is too old and helpless, and with a nu-
merous family of small children, to go to Oiegon for the land
that his boldness discovered and his valor defended ; and he
thinks, and the committee concur with him, that the Gov-
ernment should compensate him out of its public lands for
the service he rendered it in discovering and settling the
title to that immense country which is now bestowed with-
out price on the actual settlw, and that the original explota-
tor encountered more hardship, danger, and privation in
serving his country than the settler does in serving himself.
The committee report the accompanying bill for his relief."
Mr. SACKETT. f perceive, Mr. Speaker,
that this bill has not the usual words of limitation
to enter upon lands at the minimum price. Nor
is he required to locate in Oregon, the very found-
ation for his claim. I suggest that the gentleman
move to lay the bill upon the table.
Mr. COBB. I have no objection, if that be the
pleasure of the House.
[Cries of " Agreed !" "Agreed !'']
Mr. COBB. I then move that the bill be laid
upon the table.
The question was put, and, upon a division,
there were—ayes 45 
Mr. HART demanded tellers; which were or-
dered; and Messrs. Curtis and Hendricks were
appointed.
The question was again put, and the tellers re-
ported^—ayes 74, noes 39; no quorum.
Mr. ORR. We have been without a quorum
all day. I move the House adjourn.
The motion was agreed to, and the House ad-
journed till Monday at 11 o'clock a.m.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions, memorials, &e., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees :
By Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi: The petition oJ'James
W. Turner and 18 others, praying the removal of the land
office from Augusta to Paulding. Mississippi.
Also, the petition of S. M. Ilowse and 124 others, making
the same prayer
By Mr CHANDLER: Several memorials,signed by J.
Rundle Smith, J. R. Ingersoll, and many other citizens of
Philadelphia, asking Congress to pass the bill recently re-
ported by the Hon. E. Stan.', v. relative to the fourth install-
ment of the deposits of the public tnoney.
By Mr. MOORE, of Pennsylvania : Memorial of citizens
of Philadelphia, asking the passage of a bill introduced by
Mr. Stanly, to authorize the Secretary of the Treasury to
deposit with the several States the fourth installment of the
deposits of the public money directed to be made with said
States by act approved June 23d, 1836.
ByMr. FULLER, ofMaine: The memorial of Isaac T.
Cole and other citizens of Machiasport, in the county of
Washington, Maine, praying Congress to take prompt and
efficient measures for the protection of the light to the
American fisheries.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, Jlugust 21, 1852.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. C. M. Butler.
Mr. HUNTER. I must ask the Senate this
morning to postpone the prior orders for the pur-
pose of taking up the civil and diplomatic bill in
the morning hour. I submit that motion.
Mr. FISH. I would appeal to the honorable
Senator from Virginia to withdraw the motion, or
to allow it to be modified so as to enable me to
submit a motion to take up the bill from the House
of Representatives, commonly known as Ben-
nett's land distribution bill. I gave notice of my
intention to' call it up yesterday morning, but I
abstained from ah unwillingness to interfere with
the civil and diplomatic bill. I ask the Senator to
allow me to submit that motion, for the purpose
of taking the sense of the Senate on the bill.
Mr. HUNTER. I have had a gre^t many ap-
plications of that kind, and I would be very glad
to yield to them all if I could, but I cannot do it.
A sense of duty constrains me to insist upon my
motion.
THE FLORIDA CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. BRIGHT. 1 rise to what I believe is a
question of privilege. The select committee ap-
Eointed to consider the petition of the Hon. David
Yulee, claiming to have been elected a Senator
from the State of Florida, to which the subject
was referred some months ago, have directed me
to make a report. The report ought to have been
made earlier, but the committee nave been so en-
gaged, that they were not able to report before
this morning. I am prepared to present the re-
port, in order that it may be printed, and laid be-
fore Senators, so as to be acted upon during the
next week.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will receive it.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Is it a question of priv-
ilege ?
The PRESIDENT. It involves the right of a
Senator to his seat, and therefore the Chair con-
siders it a question of privilege which authorizes
him to receive the report.
Mr. BRIGHT. Then I will present the report
of the committee, which concludes with the fol-
lowing lesolution:
" Resolved, That the Hon. Stcphsn R. Mali.ory was
duly elected a member of the Senate of the United States
from the 3d day ofMarch, 1851."
I move that the report be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BRIGHT. There are various documents
in the case—the petition, the argument of counsel
on the one side, and the argument of one of the
gentlemen himself on the other side, and various
other documents th«t have been referred to the
committee. I move to print them, and to refer
the motion to the Committee on Printing. They
will make a book of three or four hundred pages.
Of course tliey could not be printed within the
next week. I therefore move that the motion to
print them be referred to the Committee on Print-
ing.
Mr. BORLAND. I would suggest that the
order for printing these papers might as well be
made without reference to the committee.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator who made
the motion himself asks that it should be referred
to the Committee on Printing.
The motion to refer was agreed to.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on the
motion of the Senator from Virginia.
The motion of Mr. Hunter was agreed to, and
the Senate resumed, as in Committee of the Whole,
the consideration of the bill from the House of
Representatives, " making appropriations for the
' civil and diplomatic expenses of the Government
' for the yearending on the 30th day of June, 1853,
1 and for other purposes;" the pending question
being upon the amendment of the Committee
on Finance to increase the appropriation " for
' stationery, printing, binding, furniture, and re-
' pairs, subscription to newspapers, introducing
' gas into Patent Office, fuel, and other contingen-
1 cies," in the office of the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, from $5,000 to $9,485.
Mr. HUNTER. That amendment is in accord-
ance with the estimates.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
insert among the appropriations for contingencies
" in the office of the Secretary of the Interior" the
following:
<•' For Libiary books and maps, $1,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
insert:
"For compensation of one additional clerk in the office
of the Commissary General of Subsistence, ,f 1,000."
Mr. HUNTER. This item is in accordance
with estimate.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
increase the appropriation " for blank books,
binding, stationery, and labor," for the Bureau of
Topographical Engineers, from $750 to $1,250.
Mr. HUNTER. This is in accordance with
estimate.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
insert:
" For compensation for one additional cleric in the office
of the Postmaster General, $1,000."
Mr. HUNTER. That is according to esti-
mate.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
increase the appropriation foAontingent expenses
of the Post Office Department, from §10,500 to
$12,500.
Mr. HUNTER. That is to raise the amount
to the estimates.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
increase the appropriation for " repair of the Gen-
eral Post Office building, for office furniture, glaz-
ing, white-washing, and for keeping the fire-
places and furnaces in order," from $1,500 to
$2,500.
Mr. HUNTER. That is in pursuance of esti-
mate.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
add to the clause for the payment of the salaries
of United States district judges the following:
" And the distnct judge of the northern district of Cali-
fornia, until otherwise provided by law, shall be jndge of
the southern district in that State, with an additional an-
nual compensation ot §'2,800, so long as he discharges the
duties ofboth distncts."
Mr. HUNTER. The explanation of this
amendment is, that the salary proves insufficient.
There are two judicial districts in California.
One of the judges has died, and it is proposed to
let one judge discharge the duties of both judge-
ships with this additional salary.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. What is the present
salary ?
Mr. GWIN. The present salary of the judge
of the northern district is $3,500. The salary of
the judge of the southern district is $2,800- This
proposition is to give the judge of the northern
district the salary and the duty ofboth judgeships.
It does not increase the expense to the United
States.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
add to the clause, "for salary of the Reporter
of the decisions of the Supreme Court, $1,300,"
the following words:
" For each volume published by direction of the Supreme
Court."
Mr. HUNTER. It has been customary, since
two volumes a year of the decisions of the Su-
preme Court have been published, to allow the
Reporter $1,300 for each volume. The House cut
down the amount to $1,300. The reporter has
been directed by the Chief Justice to publish two
volumes, and he has furnished, at his own ex-
pense, one hundred and fifty copies to the United
States. The committee propose to continue the
practice which has heretofore existed of giving
him $1,300 for each volume.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
increase the appropriation "for compensation of
the district attorneys'1 from $8,800 to $9,000.
Mr. HUNTER. That is m pursuance of esti-
mate
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
increase the appropriation " for expenses of weigh-
ing and mooring, cleansing and repairing, and sup-
plying losses of buoys, beacons, chains, and an-
chors," from $45,000 to $59,057 32.
Mr. HUNTER. The original estimate was for
$59,057 32; but the House cut it down. The
Auditor says the amount named in the estimates
is indispensable; and the Committee on Finance
propose to restore the amount to the estimates.
The amendment was areed to
The next amendment of the committee was to
increase the appropriation "for contingent ex-
penses under the Independent-Treasury act of
August 6th, 1846," from $15,000 to $16,500.
