1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1423
Whole, of House bill for the relief of Sylvanus
Blodget, was resumed. It enacts that the name
of Sylvanus Blodget shall be placed by the Secre-
tary of the Interior on the pension-roll, at eight
dollars per month, commencing; on 7th January.
1846.
Mr. HUNTER. I should wish to hear the re-
port read.
The report was read accordingly.
The memorialist served as a private in a volun-
teer company in the war of 181 " 14 against Eng-
land, and was present at the battle of Plattsburg,
in September, 1814. Owing to fatigue and expo-
sure while in the performance of military service,
the memorialist contracted a serious illness, and
in consequence of the enfeebled state of his health
he has been incapable of manual labor since. He
has lost the sight of one eye, and can see but im-
perfectly with the other, in addition to other bodily
infirmities. He is also poor, and about sixty-five
yeas of age. The facts stated by the memorialist
are confirmed by the affidavits of his captain and
colonel, and also by the certificates of two phy-
sicians.
Mr. ADAMS. I move to amend the bill by
striking out " 1846," and inserting " 1852.:>
Mr. HALE. 1 made that motion the last time
the bill was before the Senate; and I ought injus-
tice to say that the chairman of the Committee on
Pensions has informed me that the proof in this
case was completed in 1846. The bill is drawn
up in accoi dance with the rule applied by the De-
partments.
Mr. FOOT. I hope the Senator from Missis-
sippi [Mr. Adams] will withdraw his motion.
The facts are in effectwhat the Senator from New
Hampshire [Mr. Hale] has stated. The proof
was completed on the 7th January, 1846; the
report was made first in favor of the bill, two years
ago or more 
Mr. ADAMS. I withdraw the motion.
The bill was then reported to the Senate with-
out amendment, and read a third time and passed.
ROBERT ARMSTRONG.
The consideration, as in Committee of the
Whole, of the bill for the relief of Robert Arm-
strong was resumed. The bill provides that the
name of Robert Armstrong, of Tennessee, be
placed on the pension roll by the Secretary of the
Interior, and that he be paid a pension at the rate
of thirty dollars per month during his life, com-
mencing on the 14th May, 1845.
Mr. ATCHISON. That bill involves the prin-
ciple of arrearages of pen&ions; and thatisaques-
tion worthy of discussion, for the Commissioner
of Pensions has informed me that the amount in-
volved by this principle is nearly three or four
millions of dollars.
Mr. HALE. That bill did involve the princi-
ple of arrearages when before the Senate on a pre-
vious occasion; but it has been so altered as to
bring it down to the basis of the bill for the relief
of Sylvanus Blodget, just passed. The arrearages
have been abandoned, and the pension is only
made payable from the time when the proof was
completed.
Mr. ATCHISON. I withdraw my objection.
The bill was then reported to the Senate with-
out amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading. It was subsequently read a third
time, and passed.
THOMAS PEMBER.
The Senate next proceeded to the consideration
of the bill for the relief of Thomas Pember, as in
Committee of the Whole.
The bill provides that the proper accounting
officers of the Treasury be authorized and directed
to audit and adjust the account of Thomas Pem-
ber, and to pay to him the difference between the
compensation of a captain's clerk and a purser
on board the United States steamer Vixen, from
the 23d of October, 1848, to the 20th day of June,
1850, and the diffcrcnce between the compensation
of a captain's clerk and a purser on board the
ship Electra, from the 1st day of July, 1847, to
the 28th day of February, 1848, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
The Committee on Naval Affairs, to which this
case was referred, reported that the certificates of
Lieutenants James H. Ward and Timothy A.
Hunt, respectively commanding the United States
ship Electra and the United States steamer Vixen,
show that the memorialist was captain's clerk on
board the steamer Vixen from the 23d day of Oc-
tober, 1848, to the 20th day of June, 1850, and
that during the same period he performed all the
duties of a purser on board the vessel; that the la-
bor thereof was " excessively arduous frequently,
and for a portion of the ume beyond all prece
dent,"and that he was called upon to perform these
duties because Lieutenant Commanding Ward's
own duties, as commander of the vessel, rendered
it impossible for him to give them his attention;
and that the memorialist was captain's clerk on
board the ship Elecua from the 1st of July, 1847,
to the 28th of February, 1848; and that he per-
formed, also, during the same period, the duties
of purser, which were arduous, and which were
devolved upon him by Lieutenant Hunt, because
the command of the ship, in active service m the
Gulf of Mexico, required his undivided attention.
Mr. DAVIS. I shall be very glad to know
whether this bill introduces a precedent of putting
every captain's clerk, on board a small vessel, on
the footing of a puiser. Is this vessel—the Elec-
tra—one which had a purser assigned to it, or
were the duties performed in some other way?
Was it a vessel that usually carried a purser?
Mr MALLORY. I will explain the matter to
the Senator from Massachusetts. The certificates
given by the masters of the vessels state that they
could not perform the duties of pursers. These
services, on the part of the person for whom the
bill makes a compensation, were performed during
the Mexican war. A purser was necessary un
board those vessels at that time, but none was ap-
pointed for them. Mr. Pember was familiar with
the duties of a purser, having discharged them
before. They, therefore, called upon him to do it,
and held out to him the idea that Government
would compensate him. He accordingly did it,
and discharged the duty faithfully, disbursing a
large amount of pay arid clothing. The proposi-
tion is to give him the difference between the pay
of a captain's clerk and that of a purser. It in-
volves no precedent.
Mr. DAVIS. I think the consideration of the
bill should be postponed, simply for this reason:
If, according to the usages of the Navy, this man
is entitled to have his pay, as this bill proposes, 1
shall interpose no objection; but if it is introdu-
cing a new principle, that every officer who per-
forms the duties of purser on every little craft
•shall have pay as a purser, 1 object to it.
So the bill was passed over.
guion and Mclaughlin.
The Senate next proceeded to the consideration
of a bill for the relief of Guion and McLaughlin;
which was read a second time, and considered as
in Committee of the Whole.
The bill was reported from the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads, and provides that
the Postmaster General be directed to pay to E. P.
Guion and Benjamin McLaughlin the sum of
$1,640 from the appropriation for mail transporta-
tion, being the amount due them, under the equi-
table terms of their contract with the Postmaster
General, for two months'extra pay, upon the dis-
continuance of the transportation of the Southern
mail,on route 2,802,from Raleigh to Fayettevilie;
on route 2,811, from Fayettevilie to Cheraw; and
on route 3,1UJ, from Cheiaw to Columbia, South
Carolina; on the 6th of February, 1845, the Post-
master General having only paid the allowance
for two months'extra service upon the amount
dispensed with, when it should have been upon
the whole amount of the contract.
Mr. HUNTER. Is there any report in that
case ?
The PRESIDENT. There is.
Mr. HUNTER. Let it be read.
The report was accordingly read; from which
it appeared that the petitioneis entered into con-
tracts with the Post Office Department to carry
the mail ofthe United Slates from Raleigh, North
Carolina, by Middle Creek and Averyshorough,
to Fayettevilie, six times a week and back, m two-
horse coaches, the Postmaster General reserving
the right to order the great Northern and South-
ern mail on this route at $10,800 per annum. Also,
from Fayettevilie, North Carolina, by Dane's
Springs, Randalsville, Montpelier, Laurel Hill,
and Brightsville to Cheiaw, daily and back, in two-
horse coaches, the Postmaster General reserving
the right to order the great Northern and South-
ern mail on this route as advertised. That on the
3d of December, 1844, it was ordered that the
great mail should be pur upon each of the above
routes as follows: 1844, December 3, the great
mail on this rtfute at $10,800 per annum, to go
into effect January 1, 1845; and on the 20th of
December, 1845, it was ordered that theallowance
be entered into the contract, to be made in case
the new service is discontinued before the expira-
tion of the contract, shall be two months extra
pay on account of the peculiar nature of the ser-
vice, and the large outlay and expense to he in-
curred in stocking the route. That on the Cth of
February, 1845, the great mail was discontinued
on each route; and it was ordered in the case of
Guion, that the two months' extra pay contacted
for should be estimated on the amount saved, and
not on the entire sum p.ud for the greater service.
In the case of McLaughlin's contract to carry the
great mail from Favetieville, North Carolina, to
Cheraw, for $13,320 per annum, the order in-
dorsed thereon is as follows: " 1845, February,
( 6. Annul the great mail service on this route,
* ordered 3d December, 1844, and allow two
' months' extra pay, according to contract, on the
* amount saved, $9,000 per annum, and restore
* the ordinary mail service, in two-horse coaches,
i at $4,320 per annum."
The report further stated that the petitioners
appealed to Congress to be paid the difference be-
tw- en the two months' pay on such contract saved
by Government, and like pay on the larger sums
for the laiger service; that the contract was made
for the less seivice only, with the right reserved
to the Department at its option to increase it, as
before stated; that the stipulation to allow the
contractors in this case two months' extra pay
instead of one, had reference only to a subsequent
older for the greater service, and its subsequent
discontinuance; that it appeared that this stipula-
tion by which the contractors were bound (if so
ordered) to carry the great mail, had refeience to
an anticipated difficulty with the "Wilmington
and Raleigh Railroad Company," then carrying
thegieat Southern mail; and it was well under-
stood, that should this mail be thrown on the con-
tractors, it would involve a heavy outlay in
coaches and horses, which would involve them in
a proportionate loss, should the same be discon-
tinued at an early day. That it so resulted in
consequence of this new service being ordered on
the third of December, 1845, and discontinued on
the sixth of February, 1846, a period of only two
months.
The report further states that upon the face of
the contract, and the terms of the orders referring
to it, the committee were disposed to consider
that the contractors would, in strictness, be lim-
ited to the extra pay on the "amount dispensed
with." But from the evidence of William H.
Dundas, esq.-, who at the time of these contracts
was principal clerk in theContractOffice,and who
was summoned before the committee at the request
of the petitioners, they were satisfied that such
was not the construction placed upon them by
either of the contracting parties, when the con-
tracts were made, but that the Department, as well
as the contractors, intended that the extra pay
should be on the larger sums, which were stip*
ulated for the new and larger service.
No amendment being offered, the bill was re*
ported to the Senate, and was ordered to be en 
grossed for a third reading.
It was subsequently read a third time and
ELIZABETH V. LOMAX,
The Senate resumed, as in Committee of the
Whole, the bill for the relief of Elizabeth V. Lo-
max. It enacts that the name of Elizabeth V,
Lomax, widow of Mann Page Lornax, late a
major of the Ordnance Corps m the United States
Army, be placed on the pension roil at the rate of
thirty dollars per month for her life, commencing
on 27th March, 1842.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I would like to know
from the Commitieeon Pensions, whether, in every
case, they have fixed the time when completion of
proof was made, as the time for the commence-
ment of the pension ? That point has already
been mooted, and that was the point on which u e
stopped the allowance of some pensions the other
day. If it is understood that all the billsconform
to the regulations made in the Pension Office in
that respect, I have no objection to this measure*
