14*24
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 21.
but as its operation extends as far back as 1842,
I should like to know whether the proof was com-
pleted at that time ?
Mr. FOOT. I will state to the Senator from
Kentucky, [Mr. Underwood,] that it is the inten-
tion of the Committee on Pensions to act on that
rule, tolimitthe time when the pensions shall com-
mence to the period when the proof shall be com-
pleted. 1 cannot say whether this bill was drawn
up in accordance with that rule, as it was reported
by the Senator from Arkansas, [Mr. Borland,]
butl presume that the rule appliesin thiscasealso.
Mr. BORLAND. What is the date at which
the pension commences?
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Eighteen hundred and
forty-two.
Mr. BORLAND. The principle on which that
bill was reported was the recognition of the claim
from the death of the individual of whom this lady
is the widow; and as I stated on a previous occa-
sion, the action of the committee was based on
the propriety of regarding that as a disability on
the part of nis widow. Believing that an invalid
soldier should be entitled to a pension from the
time when the disability should commence, if the
pension be due at all, the object of the law is,
clearly, that it should commence as a compensa-
tion, or supply of means when the disability com-
menced.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will be under
the necessity of directing the biil to pass over, if it,
is likely to lead to discussion.
Mr. BORLAND. One word more. The op-
eration of this bill extends back only to the time
when the disability begun.
Mr. HALE. Let it lie over.
The bill was passed over accordingly.
THEODORE E. ELLIOT.
The Senate resumed, as in Committee of the
Whole, the consideration of the bill for the relief
of Theodore E. Elliot. The bill provides that
the sum of $300 be paid to Theodore E. Elliot, m
satisfaction of Iuh claim for a keel-boat furnished
to P. M. Butler, late agent of the Cherokees, and
used in transporting supplies, under treaty, to the
Indian territory.
At the request of Mr. Hunter, the report in
the case was read, the substance of which has
been previously published.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 would like to hear a state-
ment of the proof of this claim. 1 find here on
the table of the Senator from Delaware, [Mr.
Bayard,] who is now absent, and who has exam-
ined this matter, this memorandum made upon
the bill: " This claim is not proved."
Mr. SEBASTIAN. When that bill was up
before, the Senator from Delawure, [Mr. B\y\iui,J
a member of the Committee on Claims, re-
quested that it might he over in order to give him
ail opportunity to examine it. lie inquired
whether there was any evidence of the recognition
of the contract by the Department ? lie was told
that there was no evidence on the books of the
The yeas and nays were ordered, and being
taken, resulted—yeas 27, nays 13; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, liadgfr, Bell, Berrien, Bor-
land, Brooke, Cass, Clarke, Davis, Dawson,Downs, Felcli,
t'isli, Font, Hale, Hamlin, James, Malloiy, Mangum, Mil-
ler, Morton, ltusk, Sebastian, Seward, rfumiier, Upliam,
and Wade—27.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Brodliead, Chase, Dodge of
Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Geyer, HuiiU'r. King, Norris,
Smith, Spruance, Underwood, and Weller—13.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. ATCHISON. I deem it my duty to make
one more effort to induce the Senate to proceed to
the consideration of Executive business; and I
therefore move to suspend the rules which set
apart Friday for the consideration of private bills
for the purpose of proceeding to the consideration
of Executive business.
Mr. JAMES. 1 hope the Senator will with-
draw that motion for one moment.
Mr. ATCHISON. Certainly.
Mr. JAMES. I ask, as a special favor, that
Senate bill No. 491 may be taken up. It relates
to the case of a poor wounded soldier standing at
our door, destitute of the necessaries of life, or
even what he lequires to provide him medicine.
Mr. HAMLIN. If we continue with the Pri-
vate Calendar, we shall reach that bill to-day
without taking it out of its order.
Mr. JAMES. 1 think not. I hope gentlemen
will consent to have the bill taken up. it'the gen-
tleman from Maine had seen this individual as 1
have, be would not oppose taking up the bill, 1 am
sure. 1 have put my hand into my own pocket,
to furnish him means of procuring medicine.
Mr. HAMLIN. 1 give way.
■ Mr. BADGER. That is right.
The motion lo take up the bill was agreed to;
which was a bill for the relief of John Williams.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair is informed by
the Secretary, that the bill has not been printed.
It was ordered to be printed, but has not been re-
turned from the printer, and, therefore, cannot
now be considered.
So the bill was passed over.
BARBARA KEII.V.
The Senate next proceeded to the consideration
of Senate bill No. S-U8, being a bill for the relief of
Barbara Reily.
The bill was read a second time, and considered
as in Committee of the Whole. It provides
j that the Secretary of the Inierior be required to
pay lo Barbara Reily, widow of Captain William
Reily, an officer of the Army of the Revolution,
the amount of pension due him liom the time he
was last paid, to the 4th day of March, 1820.
Mr. Al'CliISON. There is a report 111 that
case, which 1 dtsire to have read.
The report was accordingly read; fioni which it
appeared, that the petitioner was the widow of
Captain William Reily, ail officer who served in the
revolutionary war, and was placed on the pension
roil under the act of 18th March, 1818, at the rate of
twenty dollars per month, commencing March23d
r% . . . .i i , . u i i -li t 1818, and who was paid his pension to the 4th of
Department that the debt had been paid; but he j Sep.embe., 1819. By a letter of the Commissioner
did not know that no eydence could appeal theie : 0f Pensions to the chairman of the committee, it
'L1.f Paym1e"1''I; appeared, that m April, 1820, Ins name was
stricken from the roll by the Secretary of War,
in consequence of his not being in indigent cir-
cumstances. In July, 1824, he died.
The report further shows that the petitioner now
claims that her deceased husband had, under the
act of 1818, a vested right to the pension at the
rate of twenty dollars per month during his life,
and prays that payment be made to her at that '
rate, from the time when her late husband was
last paid to the day of his death; that the act of
18th Marcn, 1818, granted a pension to each offi- i
cer, non-commissioned officer, musician, and
private soldier, who served in the revolutionary
war, for a period and in a manner specified in the
act, and who " by reason of his reduced circum-
stances in life shall be in need of the assistance of .
his country for support;" that by the terms of this
act the right of an applicant to a pension depends
upon the existence of the necessitous circumstan-
ces mentioned; and unless tiie act of the Secretary •
of War, in placing the name of an applicant on .
the pension roll, is conclusive of that fact, it can
the money. The committee resorted to the books
of the Department to ascertain whether the debt
had been discharged, an(i it appeared that the
agent had given no credit for the amount, and that
the money hud not been paid.
Mr. H (INTER. Was there any proof of the
contract?
Mr. SEBASTIAN. That is proved by several
witnesses, besides the pilot engaged in steering the
boat, reputable persons, some of whom were
known to myself.
The bill was then reported to the Senate with-
out amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading. It was subsequently read a third
time and passed.
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
Mr. BA DGER. I desire to avail myself of this
favorable moment to submit a motion, which is,
that when ihe Senate adjourns to-day, it adjourn
to meet oil Monday next.
Mr. ADAMS. I hope, Mr, President, that
that motion will not prevail. I think we ought to !j not be claimed that the right to the pension vested
meet to-morrow and dispose of toe deficiency bill; j so as to exclude all inquiry into the facts
and with that view I ask for the yeas and nays on I In the opinion of the committee, the placing the •
themotion to adjourn. ! name on the pension roll had no such effect under i
j the act of 1818; but that it was entirely competent
'i for Congress to cause the facts upon which the
j; pension depended to be inquired into and deter-
'i mined upon evidence; and this was the object of
j; the act of the 1st of May, 1820, which provides
j| that no person who then was, or who might be
!I thereafter placed on thepension list by viitueof
the act of the 18th of March, 1818, should, after
the payment of that part of the pension which
became due on the 4th of March, 1820, continue
to receive the pension granted by said act until he
should have exhibited to some court of record a
schedule of his property, verified by oath, which
schedule and oath, duly authenticated, were
required to be exhibited to the Secretary of War;
and it was made the duty of the Secretary, upon
receipt of the schedule, to cause to he struck from
the pension list the name of every person who, in
his opinion, was not in such indigent circumstan-
ces as to be unable to support himself without the
assistance of his country.
This act, in the opinion of the committee,
divested no vested right, and was not unreason-
able in its requirements. It merely required the
production of evidence of the fact upon which the
right to the pension depended, and that evidence
of a kind which every pensioner might readily
furnish. It only suspended the payment of the
pension until the evidence was exhibited, and then
submitted it to the judgment of the Secretary of
War to decide on each case, whether the necessi-
tous circumstances existed which entitled the
party, under the act of 1818, to a pension.
It did not appear that the late husband of the
petitioner was at any time in such necessitous cir-
cumstances as to need the assistance of his country
for support, nor was it alleged that he in his life-
time complied wiih the act of 1820, or furnished
any of the evidence required by that act. Upon
the facts, therefore, as presented, it did not appear
that the deceased husband of the petitioner was
entitled to a pension after the 4th of March, 1820;
but as the act of May, 1820, contemplated the
payment up to that date, the committee concluded
that it ought to be paid to the petitioner, and
reported a bill accordingly.
The bill was reported without amendment,
ordered to be engrossed, and was read a third time
j i and passed.
li ROBERT MILLIGAN.
The Senate resumed, as in Committee of the
ij Whole, the consideration of House bill for the
j! relief of Robert Milligan, which enacts that the
; Secretary of the Interior be directed to place the
jl name of Robert Milligan upon the invalid pension
11 roll, at the rate of four dollars per month, in addi-
ji tion to the sum of four dollars to which he was
ij entitled under the law of Congress, approved June
j; 25,1834, to commence on the first of January, 1852.
ij The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be read a third time;
j and having been read a third time, was passed.
; NOAH MILLER.
j The Senate resumed, as in Committee of the
Whole, the consideration of the bill for the relief
of the legal representatives of Noah Miller, of
i Lnicolnvilie.'in the State of Maine, and for the
relief of other persons. It enacts tlmt there shall
be paitl out of the Treasury, from any money not
otherwise appropriated, the sum of ^10,000 to the
legal representatives of Noah Miller, and such
other persons, or their legal representatives, who
aided either as boat's crew or pilot, in making
; prize of the British schooner Mary, and taking
. her into port in the year 1814, in Penobscot Bay,
in such proportions to each as the Secretary of the
Treasury shall determine—which vessel and cargo,
after having been taken m port, was libeled, con-
demned, and sold, and one half of the proceeds,
amounting to more than $32,000, paid* into the
Treasury of the United States, said vessel and
cargo having been surrendered to the collector of
the customs for that district.
Mr. HUNTER asked for the reading of the
report of the Cummittee on Commerce; but after
a lew lines had been read, withdrew his request.
Mr. HAMLIN. I desire to make a single
statement in regard to that report. There hiTve
been four or five reports made in this matter; but
,i the one which was adopted by the Committee on
i Commerce at the present session, is one which
: was formerly made by the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Davis,] from the same committee.
