514
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
Feb. 10,
directing the attention of the House, that the with-
drawal of those troops from Oregon is wrong.
The remark has force as made by the gentleman
from Oregon, in reference to the settlements in
Texas, that Texas is better capable of taking care
of themselves than those upon the frontiers of
Oregon and California. The frontiers of Texas
have never been incapable of defending themselves.
They need this force, however, to avoid the ne-
cessity of defending themselves. It is the duty of
the Government to defend them. The people of
Texas are quite as warlike—if I may be allowed
the expression—as the Indians themselves; and
tfyey make better Indian fighters than are the In-
dians themselves. One Texan regiment can whip
two or three Indian regiments. I heard a distin-
guished gentleman from Texas, a few days since,
say they could outrun them, whip them, and fight
them two to one at any time and under any cir-
cumstances. If thePresidentof theUnited States
had taken into consideration the population of
Texas, their character, their ability, and willing
disposition to defend themselves, he would have
found an additional reason for keeping that regi-
ment where the Congress of the United States
intended it to be kept. I insist that the act of the
Secretary of War in withdrawing those troops
is in violation of the spirit of the law, and in dero-
gation of the intention of Congress; and it is a
violation, too, of the principles of humanity. The
cause of humanity demands that these troops
should be kept upon the route of the emigrants to
Oregon. You have thousands and thousands of
people going over the plains this year. Thou-
sands passed over them last year; and the papers
of the whole country are full of accounts of In-
dian depredations, murders, and robberies of every
character and kind. But, sir, in the face of all
that, in the face of the preamble of the law, and
in the face of the intention of this House, the Sec-
retary of War has seen proper to withdraw those
troops from the point where it was intended that
they should be stationed.
Mr. HAVEN. There is no preamble to the
law.
Mr. GORMAN. When I used the word pre-
amble, I intended the word title. I didnotintend
to elaborate this matter by any means. I wished
only to speak upon a point which struck me as
being important, and having investigated that, I
only intended to say to the House, that the prop-
osition of the Secretary of Wu#in recommending
infantry upon the frontier instead of cavalry, is so
anomalous—with all due respect to that highly
honorable gentleman, for whom I have great re-
gard—that 1 could not refrain from making the
remarks which I have made.
Mr. BROOKS. I did not intend to make any
remarks upon this resolution, because I did not
suppose, that after the discussion on yesterday,
that it would he pressed to a vote, but would be
materially modified or utterly withdrawn by its
mover. I see, however, by the argument of the
honorable gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Gon-
man,] who has just taken his seat, that it is prob-
ably his intention, and as I apprehend, the inten-
tion of others also, to force us to a vote upon this
resolution just as it is; and therefore it becomes
necessary to reply to his remarks, and to urge the
reasons why such a resolution should not pass at
all, but be leconsidered at once, and then voted
down.
In the first place, this resolution contemplates
taking from the Executive power of the country
the control of the Army of the United States.
Mr. GORMAN. If the gentleman will allow
me, I will say I have no such intention. I have
no objection to vote to so amend the resolution as
to preclude the idea the gentleman seems disposed
to defend.
Mr. BROOKS. I am happy to hear it, but I
take the resolution as it stands until it is
modified by the mover. It does not propose to take
it in legitimate form, but  
Mr. LANE, (interposing.) I should like to
nave the unanimous consent of the House, to
amend the resolution at this stage—though I do
not know as it is competent to do so, upon the
motion to reconsider the vote by which it was
passed by inserting the term request in its proper
place, in connection with the other terms in the
resolution, so that the whole resolution shall be
merely a request, and not a command. If that
could be done, certainly there could be no objec-
tion to the resolution. I stated on yesterday that
I was anxious to have it so modified.
Mr. BROOKS. I hope that at the proper time
the gentleman will have an opportunity to amend
the resolution. Lest it may not be modified,
however, to satisfy me hereafter, I must take the
resolution as it stands now, comment upon it as
I find it once passed by the House, express my
objections to it, and, aftei that, I intend to ani-
madvert upon some of the observations and princi-
ples laid down by the honorable gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr, Gorman.]
The resolution, as it stands, Mr. Chairman,
would take from the President of the United
States, who is, by the Constitution, the Com-
mander-in-Chief of the Army and Navy, and in-
vest the House of Representatives alone with that
high authority. We should have, not one con-
stitutional Commander-in-Chief, but two hundred
and thirty-odd Commanders-in-Chief, all honor-
able members of the House, by no action of Con-
j gress, be it remembered, but by the sole action of
this House, assuming powers againstthe Constitu-
tion, and without even the cooperation of the Sen-
j ate. The singular spectacle would be presented
of the House alone undertaking the direction of
the Army, in defiance of two of the coordinate
branches of the Government, whose legislative
authority, separately and distinctly, is quite equal
to any which the House has or can exercise under
the Constitution of the United States. Nay, the
resolution of the honorable gentleman from Oregon
is not only thus utterly objectionable in principle,
but, if possible, yet more objectionable in its de-
tails,—for he asks the House not only to take
from the President the general direction of the
army, but to go into details, and to station a por-
tion of that army at three several and distinct
points, between the old western frontier and the
frontier of Oiegon, all of which he specifically
names in his resolution. I am quite convinced,
then, that when the honorable gentleman from
Oregon further reflects upon the tendencies of his
j resolution, upon its high assumption of authority,
upon its utter impropriety, upon its subversion of
the great principle which guided our constitutional
fathers in their careful division of powers among
j the three branches of the Government, and upon
1 its utter powerlessness, too, if he should persist in
calling upon the House to pass it, and could ob-
tain sufficient votes, he will not press the resolu-
tion to a vote, but will withdraw it, or suffer it to
be laid upon the table. True, it may be in the
power of this House to resolve, that it will have
the sole control of the sword of the country, but
it is a resolve against and in despite of, the Consti-
tution, altogether beyond its legitimate authority,
and a resolve which it can never maintain, and
which, therefore, no member should ever try to
pass. The House of Representatives has no sole
authority whatsoever over the Army. Congress
may, in concert with the Executive branch of the
Government, create an army, and the hold the
House has over it, is over the supplies, over the
public purse. The disposition of the Army, when
legislation has done with it, is altogether in the
Executive, under the limitation of the Constitu-
tion. Congress holds the purse, the Executive
has the sword. The powers of the two are com-
; plete and distinct in their respective constitutional
spheres, and this is the only case, I will ven-
| ture to say, in which the House has ever before
j attempted, by a, resolution confined to its own
j body, not only to dispose of the Army, but to fix
I its stations or encampments in particuhar spots. I
will not, however, press that point further, be-
cause the gentleman from Oregon [Mr. Lane] has
manifested a proper disposition at least to mod-
ify the resolution, in which the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Gorman] concurs.
j The poult I now propose to discuss briefly, is
tlje necessity of the changes which have taken
place in the Army of the United States, by the
authority of the Executive of the United States.
' The great and original difficulty lies in the Army
being too small for the protection of this now vastly-
| extended country, with, if I may be allowed so to
j speak, its inner and its outer frontiers—its frontier
' on the Atlantic and Pacific, on Canada, the Prev-
ia inces, in Mexico; and its inner frontier, embracing
; numerous and powerful tribes of savages. An
| Anny which was once, perhaps, sufficiently large
j for guarding the coasts of the United States and
! Canada, is now utterly inadequate for the protec-
tion of the extended frontiersof theUnited States,
when they have gone beyond the Rocky Moun-
ains, embraced tribes of savages, whose nam® even
are yet scarcely known to us, and occupied !fie ex-
tensive coasts of Oregon and California. We
have doubled our country, quadrupled the difficult
and dangerous duties of the Army, but yet the
Army remains as it was, and by some it is ex-
pected to be omnipresent, because hitherto it has
been omnipotent almost everywhere.
A still greater difficulty, however, arises from
the action of the House of Representatives of the
United States during the last session of Congress.
The Executive, through the Secretary of War,
submitted his estimates to the House of Repre-
sentatives, and the action of the House was such
as to curtail those estimates one half. Those esti-
mates weie cut down over $2,000,000 by the
House, and whatever disorder and trouble there
has been in California, in Oregon, or in Texas, or
elsewhere, the Executive is not responsible for it,
for it is the Congress of theUnited States that has
deprived the President of the power to properly
garrison the different sections of this vast and
widely-extended frontier. It was impossible for
the Executiveof the United States to dothe justice
to Oregon or to California that the gentleman from
Oregon now demands, because the House of Rep-
resentatives deprived him of the means, and even
in timated to him, that it was un necessary to garrison
Oregon and California at all. If the honorable
gentleman will r^j^r to the discussion upon the
Army estimates, m the House of Representatives
last year, it will be found that the great argument
for the curtailment of the estimates from $4,000,000'
to |2,000,000, was, that Oregon and California
needed no soldiers; that the people there were fully
capable of protecting themselves, and that the In-
dians of Oregon and California were not of a war-
like character. The further argument was, that the
expense of maintaining troops there was so enor-
mous, and so much beyond that of supporting them
upon the Atlantic States, and on the old western
frontier, that it was the duty of the Executive to
withdraw the troops which had been stationed 111
Oregon a«d California,and restore them tothefron-
tier of Texas, or transport them to the Atlantic bor-
ders. Upon these argumentstheHouseof Repre-
sentatives justified itself in curtailing the estimates
of the Executive from §4,000,000 to $2,000,000;
and this was the only good reason gentlemen had
for doing what they did altogether in the dark.
This was the argument made upon different sides
of the House. In one quarter it was made by
gentlemen opposed to all armies whatever—by
peace men. In other quarters, without reference
to parties, it was justified upon the ground that it
cost so much for the Quartermaster's department
in Oregon and California, that the Army should
not, and must not be kept there. The expenses
of provision, aSd of supporting and maintaining
troops there was so great, we were told, that they
considered«it the duty of the Executive to remove
the great body of the military from that distant
and expensive frontier to the old frontier of the
country, or, at least, to take them to the Atlantic
coast. The House acted upon these plausible
arguments, and the Congressional Globe willshow
that the spirit of that argument prevailed through
all thediscussion. The House havingdone all this,
and taken the responsibility, now let not honor-
able members shirk off that responsibility upon
the Executive, but share it; for he not only fol-
lowed their advice, but they compelled him to fol-
low it by crippling him of all power or means to
disobey it.
The gentleman from Indiana in the course of
his remarks, bestowed a brilliant eulogium upon
the military services of the honorable Delegate
from Oregon, [Mr. Lane,] leaving an inference,
as it seemed to me, that when he spoke on mili-
tary matters, all others should obey. I would
not , if I could, rob him of one of his well-deserved
military laurels. Indeed I heartily concur in most
of the remarks of the honorable gentleman. But
the gentleman from Oregon, I apprehend, gal-
lant as he is, would find himself entirely unable to
do more than the Executive or the Secretary of
War has done, if Congress did not vest him with
the necessary means to provide for garrisoning his
own Territory and the State of California. Sure
I am, if the honorable Delegate from Oregon, in-
stead of being only a Delegate, had been actual
Commander-in-Chief, lie could do nothing more
