2290
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 21,
States would have to pay largely, because they
will consume a very large amount of water for the
public offices.
Mr. BORLAND, Then we have the city of
Chicago, with a population<p|jabout 40,000, taxing
themselves $250,000 to es{abl®|their water-works.
I would ask the Senator frpra;Michigan"if the city
of Detroit, with a populatiifiKof between 25,000
and 30,000, has not expended some $200,000 or
§300,000 for the erection of water-works?
Mr. CASS. That is the case.
Mr. BORLAND. The Senator says that that
is so. It is estimated that there is a population in
the city of "Washington of about 40,000. Why
should they.not tax themselves to make water-
works for this city? I would ask the Senators
from Illinois and Michigan if real estate in the
cities of Chicago and Detroit has increased as
much as from one hundred to three hundred per
cent, per annum within the last three or four
years? I apprehend not.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I must say that, with regard
to increase in real estate, Chicago is far in advance
of Washington or any city in this country this
side of San Francisco. I have known land to be
purchased at $100 an acre adjoining the city of
Chicago, and to be sold at $1,500 an acre very
recently.
Mr. BORLAND. Within the last three years ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. Yes, sir.
Mr. BORLAND. I confess I was not aware
that any place had increased with such rapidity;
but that does not affect the argument. If the fact
had been otherwise it would have strengthened my
argument.
But I put the question to the American Senate,
and the American people who have to pay this
money, if, when we by our appropriations already
have increased the value of the property of the in-
habitants of this city from one hundred to three
hundred per cent, per annum, there is any pro-
priety or any duty resting upon us to appropriate
still more to increase this rapid enhancement of
the value of that property? for that is the effect of
it.
I know very well that opposition to anything
of this sort will go for nothing. I have no idea
that it c^n defeat any such proposition. I have
no idearthat a proposition to expend money in
the District tif Columbia will be defeated. It
overrides everything. I am only surprised that
the amount is so small in this case. If it had been
$50,000 I should have thought that it was about
in accordance with the other demands made upon
us. This is the smallest appropriation, I-think,
that I have ever known to be proposed for the
District. If it fails, it will be, in my opinion,
only because it is so small.
Mr. SHIELDS. I do not rise to discuss this
amendment, but simply to state what may, per-
haps, relieve the mind of the Senator from'Arkan-
sas from some of the objections which he appears
to have to this proposition. The Committee on
the District of Columbia has been engaged, as the
Senator knows, with all kinds of duties; but I
must say, that there is not a single item in the
bill, so far as I have seen it, in regard to which
that committee has been consulted. How these
things have got into this bill, by what influence or
authority, or on whose advice, or by whose rec-
ommendation, and on what estimates, I am at a
loss to find out.
Mr. BORLAND. If my friend from Illinois
will allow me, I will state that I was objecting to
the general piactice.
Mr. SHIELDS. I know that. I am not reply-
ing to the Senator from Arkansas alone. I only
mentioned this circumstance as a sample of the
way in which things go on. I should recommend
that the Committee on the District of Columbia
be dispensed with; and I certainly shall ask to
be relieved from further service on it after this
session. I have had more trouble, more labor,
and more annoyance on that committee than I
ever had before, in the same given time, in my
life. The committee has taken great trouble to
obtain information in regard to the condition of
the bridges across the Potomac, and to the con-
sideration of the various wants of the District
which require immediate attention; and here we
now find amendments in relation to the District
coming into this bill at hap-hazard, without any ;
consultation with them. I do not blame the Com- ;
mittee on Finance on that account, because I know
that the amendments have been recommended to
them; but it is a singular mode of legislation, and
is certainly in keeping with a great deal of the
legislation which is at present going on. It is not
our extravagance'which causes these fresh de-
mands on. the Treasury, but the want of a proper
system, and a proper mode of procedure. 1 have
been honored with the position of chairman of the
Committee oil the District of Columbia, but I shall
undoubtedly ask, as a great favor, to be relieved
from performing the duties of that position next
session.
Now, what is the point under the consideration
of the Senate? It is one which the Committee on
the District of Columbia have investigated; they
have given it all the attention in their power, and
the conclusion to which they came was not to re-
commend the Government to undertake the exe-
cution of this work, but to effect a survey or a
reconnoissance.
Mr. DAVIS. That is the sole object of the
amendment.
Mr. SHIELDS. The proposition contained in
the amendment is correct. I do not take any ex-
ception to it. The Committee on the District of
Columbia would have recommended it. We were
desirous of having a correct survey or reconnois-
sance effected, because, if that were done, it would
be easy to obtain able and competent persons to
bring the water into the city; not in the usual
mode of managing such matters by companies, for,
as I understand, all such companies have failed
in this District. It was contemplated to offer the
execution of the work to a company, and compel
them to carry it out under the superintendence of
an officer appointed by the Government, in ac-
cordance with a plan prepared by the Govern-
ment; and when any deviation from that plan was
made, that the work should be stopped immedi-
ately. It was also proposed that monthly or
quarterly returns should be made to the Secretary
of the Interior, showing the condition of the work,
and the manner of laying out the money ex-
pended. It was to be left discretionary with the
Government, at any time after the work was com-
pleted, to take the work into its own hands, if
necessary. We would thus insure the comple-
tion of the work on the plan laid down by the
Government, at the expense of the company; and
if the management by the company was not sat-
isfactory, then it would be in the power of the
Government at any time to take possession of the
work, and manage it according to its own views.
That appeared to us to be the most economical
plan of accomplishing this great enterprise, which
is exceedingly necessary. My friend, the honor-
able Senator from Arkansas, will perceive that it
would not incur the heavy expense he fears; the
only expense would be caused by the survey or
reconnoissance for the purpose of drawing up a
plan. All the expense subsequently would be
borne by the company, and if their management
proved inefficient, the Government would be ena-
bled to take it out of their hands.
Mr. PRATT. I have only one ortwo words to
say. I should not say a single word, but for the
regret I feel at the remarks whichhave fallen from
my friend from Illinois. I can assure that Sena-
tor that the District of Columbia fully appreciates
the labors helms performed, and the ability he
has manifested in the discharge of his duties as
chairman of the Committee on the District of Co-
lumbia; and I deeply regret to hear him say, that
because this recommendation comes from another
source, he will cease to be a member of that com-
mittee, or to act as its chairman. As I understand
it, application for an appropriation for the object
contemplated by the amendment, was originally
made to that committee, and a majority of the
committee, as stated by two of its members, were
opposed to it. Now I can see no impropriety,
when individuals wish water to be brought into
the city, and the application is refused by one
committee, in their applying to another committee.
It is natural to do so; and I think my friend from
Illinois should not take exception to the fact that
the citizens of the District of Columbia, wishing
to have this thing done, should have applied to
another source when they found that the Com-
mittee on the District were unfavorable to their
wishes.
As I understand this application, it is simply
for an appropriation sufficient to make a survey
and estimate of the cost of bringing water into the
city. It is not desired by the people of the Dis-
trict that the Government should appropriate one
cent towards the completion of this work. It will
not be necessary, as, the chairman of the com-
mittee correctly says, a company can be easily
formed for making the work, charging the Gov-
ernment for the use of the water only at the same
rates at which they charge individuals. This ap-
plication, therefore, is merely for a survey by the
Board of Topographical Engineers, in order that
we may have a correct estimate of the cost.
My friend from Arkansas says that property in
the District has lately been increasing in value at
the rate of three hundred per cent, per annum.
He. says that this increase of value is.brought
about not by commerce, but because the seat of
Government is here, and because much public
money is here expended. Why, sir, the people
are here because the Government is here. You
bring your. Government here, and your people
here to accommodate the Government, ana then
the argument of my. friend from Arkansas is, that
as you have no commerce to support them, you
ought to let them perish for want of water. I hope
that this appropriation for a survey will pass. Not
one cent will be required from the Government for
the purpose of completing the work.
Mr. HUNTER. There has been manifested
a feeling on the part of the Senator from Illinois in
regard to this matter which I am truly sorry to
perceive. If he will allow me, I will explain, and
I doubt not to his entire satisfaction, the action of
the Committee on' Finance. That committee in-
tended no discourtesy whatever to any other com-
mittee of this body in recommending any of these
amendments. They have acted just as they have
always been accustomed to act ever since I have
been a member of this body. When I was a
member of the House of Representatives, T was
chairman of the Committee on the District of
Columbia, and yet the Committee of Ways and
Means invariably put into the civil and diplomatic
bill any amendment in relation to the District, be-
cause in that way they could be acted upon with
more certainty and dispatch. I had some conver-
sation with the Senator from Illinois in relation to
these bridges, and I supposed that we agreed
about them. I think I got his idea in relation to
them. I certainly understood from him that he
would prefer that the amendments in regard to
the District to be put into the <yvil and diplomatic
bill should be recommended by the Committee on
Finance. That has been always done heretofore;
but if I had had the least idea that the Senator
from Illinois desired to see the estimate—although
we are not bound to present them to the Commit-
tee on the District—it would have given me great
pleasure to have had his views in relation to these
matters.
In regard to this particular item, perhaps neither
the Secretary of the Interior nor the people of the
District are so much the cause of it as the Senator
seems to imagine. An estimate was sent to me,
as the acting chairman of the Committee on Pub-
lic Buildings was absent, in regard to bringing
water from the hill from which the Capitol is sup-
plied; and some $40,000 or $50,000 were asked
for that purpose. It, however, seemed to me bet-
ter to have an estimate for the whole job, in order
that we might know what it would cost; and I
believe out of that arose the fact that I received a
letter in relation to this item.
Now, a word or two as to the plan for the man-
ner in which the water is to be furnished. The
Committee on Finance did not propose to say a
single word in regard to that. It was to be left
entirely to the Committee on the District of Colum-
bia, or to the Bureau of Topographical Engineers,
to say what that plan should be. Had we known
that the Committee on the District of Columbia
had designed to offer any amendments in regard to
this matter, we should not have taken the trouble
to offer this. The chairman of the Committee on
the District knows that there were some amend-
ments to be offered in relation to the streets of the
capital, and he asked me to bring them in in this
bill. I suggested that it would be better to bring
them in from the Committee on the District, as
that committee knew more about them than the
Committee on Finance. It was the furthest thing
from my thoughts to offer any discourtesy to any
committee; but in the appropriations for the Army
and Navy the Finance Committee never think of
consulting with the Committee on Military and
