1444
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 21,
St. Domin;o, to the city of Boston, in the State
oT Massachusetts.
Mr. HUNTER. That is another bill which
the Senator from Delaware asked me to have laid
over. He says too much mileage is allowed. He
thinks it introduces a new principle, and desires
to discuss it.
Mr. ADAMS. I rise to a question of order. I
understand, according to the resolution which we
hare adopted, that on every fourth Friday, if a
Senator wishes to discuss one of these private
bills, it must be passed over.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from Vir-
ginia states that the Senator from Delaware, who
is not now present, wishes to discuss this bill.
Mr. ADAMS. He cannot intimate his wish by
proxy. If he can, he had better make his speech
by proxy. If these bills ought to pass, and a
Senator who objects to them is not here, i't is his '
misfortune; it is not his fault. I do object to a
Senator leaving here, and leaving it with another
Senator to intimate when a bill comes up that he
desires to discuss it.
Mr. HUNTER. These are matters to which
the Senator from Delaware—who is a member of
the Committee on Claims—has given his attention.
He is better able to discuss them than mostotheis
are. I believe it is usual, at the mere request of
a Senator, out of courtesy to him, to let a subject
lie over.
Mr. BADGER. 1 suppose no gentleman here
proposes to discuss the bill.
The PRESIDENT. The rule adopted is, that
when a bill leads to discussion, it must be passed
over.
Mr. BADGER. A.s soon as any dismission
arises, I suppose it goes o\er. None has arisen
on this bill yet.
Mr. ADAMS. The point of order I made
was, that the su^estion that a Senator would dis- !
cuss a bill, if lie were here, does not come within I
the rule.
The PRESIDENT. Strictly speaking, it does !
not; but it is customary, in the Senate^'when a !
Senator who is goin^ to discuss a lull is absent i
to pass it over. If, however, the Senate'is dis-
posed to take up the bills as they come, and en- j
force the rule, without reference to the absence of !
a Senator, it can be done.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. [ believe we have prac-
ticed upon such a suzgestion as the Senator from
Virginia makes; but 1 am perfectly to unite
with the Senator from Mississippi to 'let it be i
known that it is the last time We will do it I ;
think, however, a little notice ou^ht to be <m-en
before we change what has been our practice I
think it a very bad rule to say that because a °-en-
tleman who wishes to discuss a bill is' absent" we
will accommodate him, and suspend the business
of the country on that account. Rut J .IS
we have been practicini; somewhat upon it, iimeiul
of changing it immediately, upon this bill', we hud
better let it be understood that it shall no't bo tiie
rule hereafter.
Mr. ADAMS. I believe this is the second day '
that the Senate have acted under the resolution i
setting apart certain days for the consideration of !
private bills, winch shall not lead to debate and
consequently no established rule has "Town up
nor do I recollect that this mode of objecting to
the consideration of a bill has oc.enrrP(l Kofn,.^
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will act under i
the direction of the Senate. If it is the nleasine
of the Senate to proceed with the bill, after'the
suggestion made by the Senator from Virgin' i i'
will be considered as in Committee of the Wh'n'c"
Mr. CHASE. For the purpose of testm- the
sense of the Senate, I move that thn further con-
sid oration of the bill be postponed until <rext Fri '
day. I think it would ^be wrong, in the absence
ot the Sena or from Delaware, when he requested
that it shouid be postponed, to go on with it I '
am perfectly w.ilmg that the Senator from Missis-
sippi, or any other Senator, should -ive notice
that he wnl, on the next occasion of tli^e kind, in-
sist on going on with the bill.
Mr. A DAMS. My object, is not to deprive the
Senator from Delaware, who is absent, of the op-
portunity of discussing the bill; but to let this
action be understood as an intimation that in future
1 shaft insist on avoiding this.
The PRESIDENT. The proposition is to !
postpone the further considcraUon of the bill until i
Friday next.
Mr. BUTLER. This bill comes from the Ju-
diciary Committee, and has my individual sanc-
tion; but I think it a very favorable thing to legis-
lation that we should have one gentleman like the
Senator from Delaware, [Mr. Bayard,] who lias
given his attention to these private claims. Every
veto in the way of disbursing the public money is
an advantage; and I would vote with greater con-
fidence upon a question which had received the
examination of such a gentleman, than upon any
general view which I might have of it. I think
the principle is a good one to extend this kind of
courtesy, and let as many delays take place as
may on account of them.
Mr. CHASE. I made the motion out of cour-
tersy to the Senator from Delaware, who is ab-
sent. I am very certain that the Senator from ;
Mississippi would not press his objection, unless ,i
he considered the claim a very meritorious one; ;j
but after the suggestion made by the Senatoi fiom
Virginia, that tiie Senator from Delaware has ex-
amined the claim—and we all know that he has
turned his attention to private claims—and that he
wishes to discuss it, it seems to me that u is noth-
ing more than is really due to courtesy that he
should have the opportunity to do so.
The motion to postpone the further considera-
tion of the bill was agreed to.
JOHN ItfcVEY.
The Senate lesumed, as in Committee of the
Whole, the consideration of the bill lor the relief
of John Mc.Vey. It directs the Secretary of the
Interior to place the name of John McVey, of the
State of Arkansas, a soldier in the late war with
Great Britain, on the invalid pension roll, at the
rate of eight dollars per month, to commence on
the l*t of April, 1850, ant! continue during his
natural life.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
It was subsequently read a third time and
passed.
JOHN JACKSON.
The Senate resumed, as in Committee of the
Whole, the consideration of the House bill for
the relief of the heirs of John Jackson. It directs
the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to the heirs
and le&al representatives of John Jackson, the
pilot on board the s< Bon Homme Richard" during
her brilliant engagement with the British frigate
<{ Serapis," in which notion Jackson lost an arm,
such a sum as would be equal to a pension at the
rate of six: dollars a month from November 15th,
17*53 to the day of Ins death, agreeably to the
pledge given by the captain of the Bon Homme
Richard," and the report of the committee of the
Continental Congress made September 23th, 1785. I
Mr. UHIGrMT. Let it. he over. I propose to ,
'*The&PIlKSIDENT. The bill will be passed '
over.
GAD UUM"I'HREYS. I
The Senate resumed, as in Committee of the ;
Whole, the consideration of the bill for the relief;
of Gad Humphreys, reported from the Commit- !
tee on Military Affairs, It directs the proper ac- 1
counting officers nf the Treasury to ascertain the ;
value of ihe property of Gad Humphreys, which i
was burned and destroyed by order of Colonel .
Pearce, of the United States Army, at Port Deli- ,
ance, in the State of Florida, m the year 1834;
and that there be paid to him the amount thus as- '
certamed out of ;mv money in the Treasury not i
otherwise appronnated.
Mr. BORLAND. I think 1 can save time by
a word of explanation of this bill. This claim is
presented to the Senate under circumstances which '
commend it to their favorable consideration. This :
bill was reported for the payment of Mr. Hum- 1
phrevs several years ago, ond passed the Senate ■
without a dissenting voice, and went to the House \
of Representatives. After it passed here, another '
bill was passed for the relief of George Centre, ,
based upon the bill for the lelief of Mr. Hum- ;
phreys as a precedent. It went also to the House '
of Representatives, and by some extraordinary !
effoits of us friends there passed, Mr. Hum- !
phreys's bill did not p^ss that session. That is the
ground of tins bill. It was deemed to be so good ;
a chim when it passed here before, that George ;
Centre's bill was passed because it was of the i
same character. That is all I have to say. The
payment of the claim has been delayed for years.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading. It was subsequently read a third time,
and passed.
KOSANNA SOWARDS.
Mr. RUSK. I have before me a report of about
a dozen lines, in a case (hat appeals strongly to
my feelings, and I feel a disposition to appeal to
the Senate. With their permission, I will read
the report, preparatory to moving to take up a bill
out of its order.
The Committee on Pensions, to which was referred the
petition nf Ko-suma s?owar(N, repoit:
"That the petitioner the inotliei of C4 tiffin Sowaids,
deceased, who enlisted to serve twelve month* m ttie iii&t
recunentot Ohio volunteers, company D, who was wounded
in the battle of Montoioy, and was, in consequence of said
wound, discharged fm disability; and who died at Bjazos
Island on the f>th ofDeeemhei, 184G, while end'Mivonnji to
reaih lus home in Ohio. From t<Mnnonv quite -atKlactoiy
to the committee, j! appeats that the ?,;nd Griftrn towards
wa< but seventeen yeai^ old at the tune lie enlisted; .it
which tnne ins mothei, who was a widow, and in destitute
cucum^tanco-s, depended much on hi*, labor to aid her m
supporting !>evoial joun^ children, left to her sole care on
the death of her hu-bmd. lie w.i* her eldest child ; and
when bliti found he had marched with the volu'iteeis <he
followed them tor some distance, for the purpose of getting
him to leunn home; but in tins she was tuistrated by mcK-
ne-^s, which prevented her fiom overtaking the company m
which Jut «on \va« mu-teied.
"In view ot the facts piesented, the committee have
deemed H expedient to grant relief to tiie petitioner, believ-
ing that she w<vs loyally and justly entitled to tiie «-i vices of
her son, being a ininoi at the time she was depnved of them
by the icciumns offieei ; and they theietoie report a bill,
and recommend its parage."
I move, therefore, to take up the bill which ac-
companies that report.
The motion was agreed to.
The bill was accordingly read a second time,
and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It requires the Secretary of the Interior to place
the name of Rosanna Sownrds, of Lawience coun-
ty, Ohio, upon the pension roll, at the rate of four
dollars per month for five years; commencing on
the 4th of March, 1852.
Mr. ATCHISON, I move to amend the bill by
striking out "four dollars" and inserting "eiijht
dollars." Eight dollars per month would be little
enough. That would pay her for the services of
her son at the rate of about $100 a year, from the
time he enlisted until he would be twenty-one
yeareof age, when she would be no longer entitled
to his services:.
Mr. WELLTCR. I hope that amendment will
be agreed to. I can speak of my own personal
knowledge, that the young man, whose mother is
provided for in this bill, was one of the most gal-
lant young men we hod m our regiment. I was
lieutenant-colonel of the regiment at the battle of
Monterey, and I know personally that this young
man suffered very much from the wounds that he
received in that engagement.
The amendment was agreed to, and the bill was
rer>oited to the Senate as amended. The amend-
ment was concurred in, and the bill was ordered
to he engrossed for a third reading. It was sub-
sequently read a third time and passed.
SARAH D. MACKAY.
The bill for the relief of Sarah D. Mackay was
read a second time, and considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole. It requires the Secretary of
the Interior to place the name of Sarah D. Mackay,
widow of Alexander D. Mackay, iale a lieutenant
in the Army of the United States, on the pension
roll, at the rate of fifteen dollars per month, to
commence January 1,1850, and to continue during
her natural life.
The bif[ was reported to the Senate, without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading. It was subsequently read a third
time and passed.
HIIUM MOORE AND JOHN IIASCALL.
The PRESIDENT announced the next bill in
order to be a bill from the House of Represent-
atives for the relief of Hiram Moore and John
Hascall.
Mr. JAMES intimating a desire to debate the
bill, it was laid over.
NANCY" BOWEN.
The bill for the relief of Nancy Bowen was
■ read a second time, and considered as m Commit-
| tee of the Whole, By it the Secretary of the In-
