1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
515
than has been done, if Congress had blindly cut
down his quartermaster's estimates $2,000,000
at a swoop. If there be any doubt of this,
let the honorable gentleman from Indiana give
vitality to his eulogies, and bring to bear the
powerof his party to place the Delegate from Ore-
gon in the position of the Executive of the United
States; and if he is placed in that condition, I
venture to say, without the power of the purse,
without supplies on the part of this House, he
could do no move than the present Executive has
done for the protection of Oregon and California.
There is another argument of the gentleman
from Indiana on which I wish to have a word or
two, and that is, this rifle regiment was created
for the especial benefit of Oregon. I have no
doubt in the early intention of the creation of that
regiment it was designed for Oregon, or the fron-
tier of Oregon, but I have yet to iearn that any
regiment of this country, any portion of the Army
of the United States, however it may have been
dedicated in its original creation, belongs to Ore-
gon, or California, or Texas, or to Maine, Loui-
siana, or Pennsylvania, or to any people but the
people of the United States. It is a new doctrine,
now for the first time introduced here, that a regi-
ment created at the start for a particular purpose,
especially when, as in this case, the House de-
prived the Executive of the power to carry out
the original purpose, that such regiment is dedi-
cated forever to a particular Territory or State,
and cannot be taken wheresoe\er and whither-
soever it may be the duty of the Executive to
take it. The Army belongs to the whole United
States, and wherever its services are most wanted,
it must be stationed, and of all that the Executive
power is the proper judge.
Now, in the great body of the remarks of the
gentleman from Oregon, which go to show the
necessity of protecting Oregon and California,
and the emigrants on their way there, I heartily
concur. I have a great respect for his military
experience, and am willing to be guided by it,
whenever he will provide the men, money, and
means. Oregon must be defended. The route
from Missouri or Iowa must be made free,'easy,
and safe. Nobody will go further with mm than
I will on all these points. But he has not taken
the wise and proper steps to carry out the purpose
of his remarks. He should go before the Military
Committee of this House-, he should lay his com-
plaints before the Committee of Ways and Means;
he should then address the House, and enforce
upon them the necessity of increasing the Army
and increasing its expenditures, to maintain the
Army at the costly points where he desires to sta-
tion it. He should enforce upon Congress the
necessity of providing better for the transportation
of the subsistence for the troops. After he has
■convinced the committees of the House, he should
then come before the House with his arguments
that he submitted yesterday upon the passage of
this resolution, and if the House respected them
as I do, he could then at that more appropriate
time carry all before him. Hercules in the White
House cannot help him. The only useful Hercu-
les is in these members here.
I forbear, Mr. Speaker, now from any further
remarks upon the original resolution—not be-
cause I do not object to it in any and every form,
except as it is to go to a committee, or is limited
to an inquiry. I object to it for the reasons I have
.stated., but whenever the gentleman will give it
■the proper form and proper direction—the legiti-
mate and usual direction—he shall have my
hearty concurrence in bringing about all he de-
sires.
Mr. CARTTER. I do not propose to trouble
the House for the few minutes I shall occupy
their time, with a discussion of the propriety of
transferring a regiment of mounted riflemen from
one frontier of the Republic to another. I take it
for granted, that so far as that branch of the ser-
vice is concerned, no gentleman upon this floor
can be better enlightened upon the subject than the
honorable mover of this resolution. His position
to the western territories, his military experience
in connection with the service, constitute, for all
purposes, in my judgment, the law of my conclu-
sion upon that subject. I propose to trouble the
House with a protest simply against the extraor-
dinary doctrine promulged by the honorable
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Bayly,] on yes-
terday, and reechoed by the honorable member
from New York [Mr. Brooks] to-day. It was
but a few days since that this House had under
consideration the Mexican indemnity bill. If I
recollect right, the honorable gentleman from Vir-
ginia then rose in his place and solemnly protested
against the interference of this body in the dispo-
sition of the money that it should appropriate for
the liquidation of the debt under that treaty, and
assumed then, that the expenditure was the sub-
ject solely of Executive discretion. The same
gentleman, upon this bill, pursuing the same line
of argument, assumes, and gravely urges, that the
disposition of the Army is the subject solely of
Executive direction and discretion. Now, I con-
ceive, if this Executive tendency of thought, Ex-
ecutive tendency of action, in this body, shall be
continued to be pursued until we are subsidized to
the thought and action, there will be nothing left
but an Executive. The proposition, in connection
with the money, puts the purse into his hands.
The proposition in connection with the sword
here, puts the sword into his hands: and with the
Treasury and the Sword united in the Executive,
you have an end of the independence of this body.
This is what I understood to be a chapter in Fed-
eralism when I was learning the A B C of politics,
without claiming to have got out of them yet.
These are two of the cheif attributes of monarchy.
And you carry out the doctrine that the President
has the sole power of disposing of the defensive
force of this Union, and that he has the power of
appropriating, under his discretion, the money as
accorded by this body, and there is an end of your
legislative power. I deny that the Executive has
any right to transfer a regiment created for the
defence of any given frontier of this Republic to
another frontier. I deny that he has any right
under the Constitution to withdraw it from the
service indicated in its creation. It is true, he
is Commander-in-Chief of the Army. The Con-
stitution says so. What does it mean* It
means that he is the drill officer of your forces.
It means upon the field of battle as the war-ma-
king power—as the defensive power of the Union.
It means that when you have created a military
force, it is at his disposition; that he has the right
to mount the cockade and command it; and that
is all it means. But the moment you give to him
the power of stripping one frontier of its defens-
ive force and transferring it to another, you as-
sign to the Executive the legislative protecting
power of this body. You effectually subject the
legislative sovereignty of the country to the Exec-
utive sovereignty. "Why, if he may, under his
sole discretion, withdraw forces specifically di-
rected by law to be employed upon an un-
guarded frontier of the Republic, you throw the
whole safety of the empire into a single man's
hands; you repose the entire safety of the Repub-
lic in a single man's judgment; and when you
superadd the other doctrine, that he has a right to
manage the funds of the coQntry as lie sees fit,
independent of the action of this body, you put
into his hands the means of executing that pur-
pose. Now, sir, I deny both propositions. I
deny that we have not the power to determine that
we will make a defence subject to law. When
we make that defence, when we raise the force for
it, I deny any higher or further power to the Ex-
ecutive than the power of commanding the force
at the place where, and the time when, you order
him m the law. With the detailed disposition of
the Army he does hold the sovereign command,
but that disposition must be subordinate to and
revolved within the legislative purpose declared in
cieating the force, and disposing the pomt of de-
fence. I have never before heard such an alarm-
ing doctrine proclaimed here as the doctrine that
has just been promulged. The gentleman from
New York [Mr. Brooks] says in his argument
that Congress is to blame for transferring the regi-
ment from Oregon to Texas. Did Congress do
it? No! It appears the Executive has done it.
They did not give the order to march. They did
not divert this portion of the Army from that
point. But the President rests the necessity for
doing it in the defenceless condition of Texas.
Now, the honorable Delegate from4 Oregon, [Mr.
Lake,] to whose opinion I yield my own judg-
ment m reference to that matter, with whatever
rights I have upon the subject, assumes that your
standing Army is large enough. It is large
enough for action under the explanation of the
Delegate from Oregon. It is large enough, God
knows, in the item of expenditure. But again:
he says it is the fault of Congress in attempting
to retrench it. Wedid not aWempt to retrench it;
"but one sentiment entered into the reduction of the
Quartermaster's department, to* which the gentle-
man alludes, in the last Congress. The reason
why $9,000,000 was taken out of the Quarter-
master's appropriation for "the Army, as the gen-
tleman from New York will well recollect, wasj
that for some mysterious, unprecedented reason, it
was ascertained that that Department had swelled
up its appropriation jrom $1,500,000 to $5,000,000.
That was the reason. It was ascertained further-
more, in following the detail of that Department,
that the moneys appropriated by the Federal Gov-
ernment were passed through one contractor to
another, to another and another and another, and
each one levying upon this appropriation the im-
post of a highwayman. *
[Here a message was received from the Senate
by the hands of Asbury Dickins, Esq., their Sec-
retary.]
Mr. BROOJSS. Will the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Cartter] permit me to interrupt him ? I am
quite sure whenever he makes a change, he will
bring it to a point and make it specific. He has
made an allegation against the Quartermaster's
department which involves a high officer of the
Government of his own party. I am very desir-
ous he should make his charge specific, so that
we may know who are these contractors and what
,are their names.
Mr. CARTTER. I will make it specific; I do
not care who it involves, whether my own party
or the gentleman's party. God knows the gen-
tleman's party has sins enough in this line to an-
swer for, when they had to bring forward their
leader here, with $50,000,000 of appropriations, to
accuse Congress of having crippled the service by
not giving more; when it is necessary, after an ap-
propriation of $50,000,000 in the last Congress,
that you should load down the commencement of
this Congress with deficiency bills amounting to
$5,000,000 or $6,000,000, and then get up in the
sixth and seventh week of the session and com-
plain that this modest Administration—this eco-
nomic Administration—this honest Administra-
tion—this sound Administration—this cheap gov- •
' ernment Administration—this retrenchment Ad-
J ministration—this reform Administration, [laugh-
'< ter/j cannot goon successfully with the operations
I of this Government without you stop the ordinary
i business of legislation for the purpose of shovel-
' ing into theirinsatiatemaw millionsmoie, [Laugh-
: ter.] I say I care not who it strikes; I care not
> whether it strikes political friend or foe. It is re-
; corded upon the pages of that Department, that it
i has become the meie tool in the hands of specula-
tors, for the purpose of wasting the public reve-
nues. The enormity of the appropriation was so
great, made apparently so great at the last Con-
gress, that in a time of profound peace, with no
armies for aggressive war, and no necessity for
armies for an aggressive war—when the whole
world were extending their hands to shake the
hand of peace with us, and when our neighbors
upon this continent were holding their hands to
! God to protect themselves against us;—atthistime
; of profound security and unbroken peace, the re-
1 sources of the Quartermaster's department should
I run up to $5,000,000, is a thing unheard-of in the
; history of expenditure. Now, if there is a Dem-
' ocrat m that crowd, I am not a cousin of his. 1
j want that distinctly understood; and the gentleman
may take him into a party that will sympathize
with him just as quick as he pleases.
I rose simply to protest against the repudiated
doctrine, that the Executive Department has a
control of your money, aftd that he is entitled to
a discretionary control of the sword. I have an-
swered that purpose briefly, and have nothing
more to say.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. It was not
my intention to mingle in the debate upon this
j resolution. I had no desire to say a word in the
I discussion; but such frequent allusion has been
; made to the vote of the last Congress, which cut
j down the appropriations for the Quartermaster a
department of the Army below the estimates sub-
I mitted by that bureau, and such direct reference
' to those who voted that reduction, as the persons
i, on whose heads should rest all the responsibility
'! for whatever difficulties have occurred upon the
li frontiers, that I cannot refrain from the declara-
