1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1445
terior is required to place the name of Nancy
Bowcn upon the pension roll, at the rate of six dol-
lars per month; said pension commencing Janu-
ary 1, 1850. I
The biil was reported to the Senate, without j
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a '
third readme;. It was subsequently read a third '
time and passed. }
LAFAYETTE MeLAWS. |
The bill for the relief of Captain Lafayette Me.- j
Laws, of the Army of the United States, was j
read a second time, and considered as in Commit- !
tee of the Whole. '
It requires the Secretary of "War to cause Cap- j
tain McLaws, of the United States Army, to be ;
paid the difference between the pay allowed, by ^
law to a first lieutenant of infantry  ud a captain ;
in the staff, from October 23, 1840, to .Tuly 19, ■
3851, any law to the contrary notwithstanding1. ;
Mr. FELOH called for the reading of the report, j
and it wis accordingly redd, !
From it it appears that Captain McLaws, in the ■
month of August, 1849, was detailed, by order, j
from the headquarters of the sixth military de- i
parlment,for duty with Brevet Colonel John Mini- ■
roe, major of the 2d Artillery, who was at the .
T.ime under oiders to proceed and assume the com-
mand of the ninth militaiy depaiirnent, which
embraced New Mexico and a portion of Texas. !
Captain McLaws. as ordered, moved with Colonel j
Munroe for Santa Fo, on the 1st of September, :
3849, and arrived there on the 22d of October.
On the 23d of the same month, Colonel Munroe
assumed the command of the department, relieving; ,
Brevet L'eutenant Colonel Washington, Major |
3d Artillery, of that duty, and also of his duties :
as civil and military Governor of New Mexico. '•
Colonel Munroe appointed Captain McLaws his
assistant adjutant-general, which duty was per- (
formed by him until Colonel Munroe was relieved !
by Lieutenant-Colonel Sumner, in July last. Cap- j
tain McLaws was assistant adjutant-general for ;
about twenty-two months. His duties were very ,
arduous, owing to the peculiar state of affairs in j
New Mexico, and during that time he was only ;
in the receipt of the pay of a first lieutenant of the |
line, which was inadequate to his support. The
committee therefore propose to give him pay equal ;
to that of a captain in the staff, the duties of which '
office he performed. There is, accompanying the ;
report, a certificate from Colonel Munroe, setting ]
forth these facts.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading. It was subsequently read a third
time and passed.
w. D. PORTER.
The bill for the relief of Lieutenant W. D. Por-
ter was read a second tune and considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It directs the Secretary
of the Treasury to pay to Lieutenant William D.
Porter, of the Navy of the United States, the sum
of 41,848 61, to reimburse him for the amount of
money expended by him for expenses incurred in
brmgmgAmiii Bey, of the Turkish Navy,and his
attendants, to the United States, m the year 1850,
at the request of the Minister Resident of the
"United States at Constantinople.
Mr. BORLAND. I do not understand this
matter very well. I would like to have some ex-
planation of the bill. If there is a report in the
case, I should like to bear it read. I wish to have
some knowledge of the reason for the bill.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I will state the object of
the bill in a few words. Amm Bey was a Turkish
gentleman, who was entertained in this country.
He went through the United States, and for his
expenses in this country an appropriation was
made by Congress. Having done that, I think
we ought not to rax the officer who brought him
here, with the expense of bringing him. That is
the state of the case.
Mr. BORLAND. I am not disposed to discuss
this bill, but it seems to me that this stands pre-
cisely on the footing of some other claims which
I have known to be presented by naval officers,
and paid at the Navy Department. I know of
one that strikes me as being of a similar character.
Captain Carpenter, of the Navy, at one time was
subject to extraordinary expenses, in consequence
of entertaining some guests of the nation on board
the ship he commanded; but I well know that I
myself went to the Navy Department and pre-
sented his claim, and that it was paid. That was
in 1848. It was recognized then as a proper claim
to be paid out of some fund in the Navy Depart-
ment. And I do not see why this claim cannot
be paid in the same way, without bringing it be^
fore the Senate.
The PRESIDENT. If the bill gives rise to
discussion, it must lie over.
Mr. HALE. I think that is the best way.
The PRESIDENT. It will he over.
RICHARD KING.
The bill for the relief of Richard King was read
a second time, and consideied as in Committee of
the Whole. It provides that Richard LCiutc be
confirmed in his title to two hundred and forty
arpents of land on the eastern bank of the Ouachita
river, in the parish of Caldwell, in the State of
Louisiana, which was conveyed by the claimant
of the Maison Rouge grant, to Bagwell Bailey, in
1818, for cutting a road through said grant, and
which has remained m possession of and cultiva-
tion by said Bailey and his successors to the pres-
ent time, and is now a part of the plantation of
the said King, on which he has resided for many
years, and that a patent issue for it after a legal
survey is made and returned under the direction
of the Surveyor General: Provided, that this act
shall amount only to a relinquishment of title on
the part of the United States.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
thud reading. It was subsequently lead a thnd
time and passed.
REPRESENTATIVES OF JOSHUA KENNEDY.
The bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of Joshua Kennedy, deceased, was read a second
time, and considered 0=? in Committee of the
Whole. It directs the Secretary of the Treasury i
to pay to the legal i epresentatives of Joshua Ken-
nedy, deceased, the sum of $6,590, in full com-
pensation for the destruction of property by the
Creek Indians, in the year 1813.
Mr. HALE called for the reading of the report
It was accordingly read. The committee state,
that they entered upon the examination of the
claim with a feeling of distrust as to its justice,
occasioned by the length of time during which it h
had been permitted to remain unsettled, and the j]
fact that a commission had been appointed for the |j
purpose of deciding on these and similar chums,
but that the prejudice which had thus arisen soon jj
passed away, on a careful examination of the jl
facts. The property of Joshua Kennpdy was or- ,j
cupied by the troops of the United States as a fort, jj
during the last war with Great Britain, arid there 1
can be no doubt, say the committee, that such oc- j:
cupation was the cause of its destruction: and ;j
hence the case comes clearly within the spirit, if ji
not within the letter, of the act of 1810, and the
supplement thereto: for the exciting cause of the
destruction being1 the military occupation of the
property, it is difficult to imagine what difference
the precise moment at which the destruction took
place, can make. There was a feeling of hostility
created on the part of the enemy, by theact of the
Government, in erecting a source of annoyance in
the neighborhood, which, m the opinion of the
committee, should maketheGovernment liable for
the consequences of its own act, and not the par-
ticular time chosen by the enemy to satisfy its
vengeance. The petitioner m this case had origin-
ally erected his buildings and other improvements,
under the assurance given m the President's proc-
lamation, that the person and property of the set-
tlers should be protected. Subsequently, the
buildings were converted into a temporary fort,
and as such, became a point of assault for the In-
dians. After a successful attack on Fort Mims,
and the massacre of its garrison, the enemy de-
stroyed this property. Although it was not then
in the possession of the troops of the United States,
yet as it was undoubtedly destroyed m conse-
quence of its occupation by the troops, the com-
mittee think the claim ought to be allowed.
Mr. HALE. As this case comes within the
same rule as*a class of claims which the Senate
rejected the other day by a vote, upon the yeas
and nays, saving the expression of an opinion by
the committee, that this destruction may possibly
have been occasioned by the former occupancy of
the property in question by the troops of the
United States, I desire to say something about it.
The PRESIDENT. The bill giving rise to de-
bate, will be laid over.
WILLIAM GREER.
The Senate proceeded to consider, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, the bill from the House of
Representatives, for the relief of William Greer.
It directs the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to
William Greer the sum of $60 25, with le^al in-
terest thereon, from July, 1843, it being in full
payment of moneys by him at that time advanced
to the United States.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a thiid reading, read a
third time, and passed.
SURETIES OP DANIEL WINSLOW.
The bill for the relief of the sureties of Daniel
Winslow was read a second time, and considered
as m Committee of the Whole. It enacts that
Daniel Winslow and James N. Winslow, and
their legal representatives, and the real and per-
sonal property of each, be released and relieved
from all judgments and from all hens and incum-
brances of said judgments in favor of the United
States, obtained against them m any district court
of rheUnited States, as security for Daniel Wins-
low: Provided-, that the costs of said suits be first
paid by the said Windows.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading. It was subsequently read a third
time and passed.
BANCROFT WOODCOCK.
The bill for the relief of Bancroft. Woodcock,
was read a second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It provides that the several
patents granted to Bancroft Woodcock, on the 26th
of January, 1832, on the 23d of November, 1836,
on the 14th of June, 1837, and on the 31st January,
1845, for his improvement in the self-sharpening
plow, a description of which is given in the sched-
ules annexed to the letters patent granted as afore-
said, be renewed and extended for the term of ten
yeais, from and after the passage of the act: Pro-
vided, that Bancroft Woodcock shall, in three
months after the passage of the act, make and file
in the Patent Office amended specifications of his
inventions, for the purpose of correcting defects
therein, and shall pay the legal fees and charges
j thereon: and the Commissioner of Patents is direct-
j ed to receive the surrender of the said patent on
| payment of the fees and charges provided by law,
and shall issue to Bancroft Woodcock new pat-
! ents on such amended specifications, reciting said
1 patents, and referring to this act.
Mr. HALE. I do not like to object to this bill;
' but there is a principle in it to which I am op-
posed, and that is, allowing parties to file new
specifications under these extension acts. I think
the principle is wrong; but if nobody objects to
the bill, I shall not.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 move to amend the bill by in-
serting 4< seven years," instead of " ten years."
My reasons are these: the law authorizes the Com-
missioner of Patents to renew patents for seven
years; the policy of Congress hitherto has been
to limit them to that period of time, for, by grant-
ing a longer time, you only induce everybody to
come here for renewals, instead of going to the
Patent Office. I believe we have adhered to that
principle. I hope the amendment will be adopted.
Mr. BORLAND. I would inquire of some
Senator who understands the bill, when the
patents, which it is now proposed to renew, ex-
pired ? If no one can g-ive me the information, I
would prefer that the bill should be laid over.
Mr. DAVIS. I think that is the best course.
The PRESIDENT. The bill will be laid over.
CYRUS H. McCORlIICK-
The PRESIDENT announced that the bill for
the relief of Cyrus H. McCormick was the next
on the Private Calendar.
Mr. NORR1S intimating a wish to discuss the
bill, it was laid over.
CAPTORS OF THE FRIGATE PHILADELPHIA.
The PRESIDENT announced that the next
bill in order was the bill for the relief of the cap-
tors of the frigate Philadelphia.
Mr. HALE. I shall discuss that bill a great
deal before it is passed.
The bill was accordingly laid over.
