1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
51?
pursued, to wit: that of sending that regiment
where t.je emergencies of the service required it,
would lie equally proper under this Administration.
That regiment was sent first to Mexico. When
that v.\,r concluded, a portion of it was sent to
Oregon. The former Delegate from Oregon said
those troops were not needed in Oregon. Texas
required troops to guard her frontier against Indian
marauding parties and hostile bands. I suppose
u was l> meet this emergency, and because of Mr.
Thw\st'v/s representations, that the rifle regiment
wv.mlrawn from Oregon and sent to the Texas
frontier.
Mr. iJUNHAM. If the gentleman from Ken-
tucky will permit, I will say that, according to my ■
recollcct ion, the Delegate from Oregon to the last '
Congress said, in substance, that they did not want ^ i
' roops h% ike actual settlements, but they did desire ij
them on the routes from the States to Oregon. I |i
think inere is a distinction. 1 do not understand ;
Tiie present Delegate from Oregon as requiring j
troops in tne settlements of that Territory. j
. Mr. MARSHALL. I have not refened to the {
debates of that session, and shall not be particular }
as to tlse exact statement of the former Delegate j
from Co egon; but, I hav e con\ ersed with members '
of the last Congress as to the statement then madfc, |
and thur recollection as to its purport and sub- '
stance, concurs with mine. The impression pro- i
dueed upon our mmds was, that, from somecause, |
the troops then m Oregon were not required there. |
And I L-uggest that, in the action of the former i
Delegate will b£ found the reason of their with- !
ura\Vd> by the Commanding Gencrul. Be that j
as it may, are we prepared, with the limited in- j
formation we now possess—without any com- 1
munica'ion with the War Department—without '
knowledge of the present employment of the rifle |
regiment or of the necessities of the frontier to !
which that corps has been ordered—under all the
circumstances, are we prepared, absolutely to i
order the Secretary of War to recall these troops ,
from their present position, and to post them as ;
indicated by this resolution? I take it, Unit it is i
very u?uwu<J for the House of Representatives to 1
say tlu-.t particular corps of the Army shall be |
posted in this position or in thai position. But, ■
even admitting that we might so direct, 1 am not I
ready to vote that resolution. Jt not only propo- I
ses to order the regiment to Oregon, but to post it j
in vario\i« detachments, in particular sections of j;
that coi.-iury, iJ'tent shall have arrived there. We |j
are asked, not only to direct the Commanding Gen- i'
oral, but to order the General of Division and the j,
head of the regiment. 1 am not sufficiently in- !;
formed as to the urgent necessity for this procedure !!
to vote for it. I
I do not know the exact condition of the locali- o
ties and of the settlements in Oregon sufficiently !:
well to undertake this absolute and peremptory '•
order. While I may have confidence in the null-
tary sagacity of the Delegate from Oregon, I yet ;i
feel that something of etiquette is due to the person j j
who conducts the military atTaiis of the country, j
and that we ought not, upon the sole representa- i
lions of the honorable Delegate as to his views of ij
the necessities of Oregon, to instruct the Secretary , i
*,o dispatch the rifle corps thither, regardless of,;
the Secretary's views of the necessities of other sec- ,:
tions of the country. Much less, then, can I con- -
sent, after the troops shall arrive in Oregon, to
direct that detachments shall be posted at this ,j
point or at that point. That would be a direct ,
reflection upon the capacity of the Commanding ,,
Officer to dispose the troops properly for The de- ij
fence of the Territory. ;i
Wc might indicate by bill that military posts ,,
Khali be established at tne points indicated, or to
cover certain roads, or to protect certain valleys; ;
out we should let;ve the kind of force, and the I'
amount of force which will occupy these posts, to ;
the direction of the officer who has the manage-
rnent of that frontier, under his responsibility to
the Commanding General. I am disposed—in-
deed, I am anxious—as far as lies in my power,
to extend all necessary protection to our infant
settlements on the Pacific, both north and south.
{ am anxious to render the path of the emigrant^ i
secure, and to make him feel that the solicitude of
this Government for his welfare follows him by
night and by day, through all his arduous journey
to his distant home, i am unwilling, however, in
the gratification of this proper desire, to assume
toe responsibility of so controlling the War De-
partment and the Commanding General of the
Army as to interfere with existing arrangements
for tlie defence of other parts of the Republic; for
in relieving the supposed necessities of Oregon, or
in supplying the security which the Oregon emi-
grant requires, f may ju3tly incur the responsi-
bility of leaving another frontier exposed to the
tomahawk of the savage, and call down upon my
own head the obligation to answer for the unnum-
bered misfortunes that shall overtake other unpro-
tected and defenceless settlements.
Mr. DUNHAM. I do not propose to detain
the EIou.se many moments, but really the doctrine
advanced by the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
D vyi.y] yesterday, was so strange, so novel, and
so important, that i do feel it ought not to pass
unnoticed, it was no more nor less than this:
that the President of the United States has the
right, under ail circumstances, to control and dis-
pose of the military and navaj forces of the coun-
try , uncontrolled by the legislative power. If that
doctrine wan to be carried out, it would result in
precisely this: Congress has the right to declare
war: it may raise troops for the purpose of carry-
ing on that war; and yet the Executive would
have a right to withhold those troops from the
destination and purpose for which Congress in-
tended them, and thus neutralise the power
which Congress has to declare war, expressly
given to it by the Constitution, if tins rifle regi-
ment was raised expressly for the Oregon service,
and if the Congress of the United Suites c.umot
control it so far as to compel those troops to be
applied to that service, why the same power which
would authorize the Executive to control that o.ic
regiment, would enahle htm to control the 'Vnny
and JNavy m a case where actual war existed by
die action of Congress. The clause of the Consti-
tution to which the gentleman from Viiginta fe-
fers, simply authorizes the President of the United
States to take command of the Army and Navy.
What does that mean? Jt does precisely^ what is
done when you give him executive power in csvil
matters; it makes him the executive of/W'r to
carry out and do the will of Congress—the legis-
lative power of the country. Yon puss a ctvjj
law and it is the duty of the President to carry
outand execute that law. You declare war against
another nation and raise tioops expressly for that
war. What has the Executive to do then ? Can
he withhold these troops from that service ' Can
he say that instead of rending them against that
nation, they shall lie sent elsewhere5 No, sir.
All he has to do is to take charge of the Army
and Navy des)gned for that service, and exercise
his executive functions to carry out the ujH of
the Legislature. j
Mr. MEACHAM- 1 would ask the gentleman j
if President Polk did not frequently remove por- \
turns of the Army without the authority of Con- i
gress'
Mr. DUNHAM. Why, that question is cer-
tainly as novel as the doctrine asserted by the
gentleman from Virginia. If President Polk ever
ordered the Army in a particular direction, with-
out the authoriry of Congress, does that militate
against the doctiinc which I lay down 5 We de- j
cfared war against Mexico, and raise*! troops: for ;
that e^nress purpose, and by the Constitution, !
under the doctrine I am laying down, the Presj- j
dent took charge of tne Army, in order to carry
out the will of the Legislature.
Mr. MEACHAM. The gentleman\;uis\ra j
does not cover my question. I ask him, if Prcsi- j
dent Polk did not frequently remove portions of j
the Army, without the authority of Congress, be- !
fore war was declared against Mexico : i
Mr. DUNHAM. Even suppose I admit that, i
did he do it in cases where it was expressly pro-
vided by law that the troops should be otherwise :
situated'? He frequently, no doubt, changed the1
position of our troops, bur they were not troops :
raided and destined by the Legislature for a p\r- '
1 ticalar service. This question has nevei been '
raised, and ) assure this House that it is, in my
opinion, one of the most important question-; that
has heoa raised here for many a day, and 1 think
it outfit <<i i:-e correctly Fettled.
1 uo not understand that the r-w makes it posi-
tively obligatory on the President to phieeth-s
' return a' in tlieOr^gon service; but that it was- tht
> ii,ro'i!'■)'i of Congress that It should no *■«  ern-
i ployed is clearly inferable from the act jtscif. a.u!
from the circumstances under which tb>i? act w.u.
passed, under which the regiment- was organ-
ized under it, and so everybody has understood it.
Something has been said by the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Marshall] about " indelicacy;"
Now, if There is indelicacy anywhere, it seems to
me that it is on the part of the Executive, in ta-
king this regiment from the Oregon service, for
which it was clearly the intention of Congress that
it should be apphe'd. .Although the law may not
positively direct that it shall be so employed, it
was raised for thai service, and the Executive has
diverted it from tht position for which Congress
intended it. The gentleman asks if such a thing
ha«! not been done before ? Yes; but that wad in
a time of emergency, when we were engaged in
war, which changed" the state of things.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. But sup-
pose another emergency should arise which should
again require the troops to be withdrawn?
Mr. DUNHAM. I do not consider that a case
in point. There can no emergency arise which
would justify the withdrawal of the troops from
any portion of the country, so as to leave it en-
tirely unprotected and exposed as would be the
frontier of Oregon. Now, can the gentleman tell
me what propriety there was in taking that force
from the point for which it was raised, and to
transfer it to another for which it was not raised,
and thus leave the country for whose protection it
was created, entirely unprotected?
Mr. MARSHAL*!, (interrupting) made a re-
mark which was totally inaudible fo the Reporter-
Mr. DUNHAM, (resuming.) I did not intend
to discuss the propriety of taking the troops
there. My object was simply to enter my protest
against the doctrine that the Congress of the Untied
Stales has not the right to direct how the troops
of tho United States shall be employed. The sug-
gestion has been made to me, and I think with a
good deal of force, in relation to the other side of
the House. I allude to the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Brooks] and J beg to ask that gentle-
man whether, in the lime of the Mexican war, his
side of the House, or at least some members on
that side, did not undertake the control of the
Army in Mexico, and direct the withdrawal of it?
Mr. UROOK8. If the gentleman from Indiana
will allow me, I did not hear him when he first
alluded to me, or I should have answered imme-
diately. I did not lay down the doctrine that the
legislative power of the country could not control
the diiectiou of tin; Aimy. The position which is
assumed in the resolution, and to which I said I
was opposed, was, that the House of Representa-
tives, Vo itself, had the right to control the direc-
tion of the Army. Now 1 say that this position is
not correct. The two Houses of Congress cannot
control it, but the legislative power of the country
may. it not only requires the assent of both
Houses, but it must have the approval of the Ex-
ecutive before that control can be had.
Mr. DUNHAM. Weil, sir; that is about as
singular as the position taken by the gentleman
from Virginia, [Mr. Bayly.] Nobody pretends
that the House of Representatives, of itself, can
control the disposition of the troops of the United
States. We do not ask any such thing.
Mr. IU100KS. Why, that is the very object
and effect of the resolution.
Mr. DUNHAM. Not as I understand ii.
Mr. BAYLY. The gentleman from Indiana
entirely misconceives the senpe of my remarks.
! In a speech of a few minutes in length, I certainly
j did not intend to define all the limitations and the
I precise extent of the respective authorities of Con-
< rrress and of the Executive over our military
.forces. All that I said ye^teiday was precisely
' what the gentleman admits to-day. i did not only
1 take the ground which the gentleman from New
I York [Mr. Brooks] takes, that one branch ot
; Congress cannot take the command of the Army,
. but J said that both branches could not do it. 1
' denied that Congress had any such power, and
■ that is idl that 1 deny. 1 nu\ er mentioned that
Conines*, coukl no' establish military posts._ I
1 iitn Hi maintained that Congresscould not prescribe
■ the character of those force's—whether they should
he c.ivalry, riilemen, infantry, or anything else.
S meant to say that when we had raised an army*
and provided for the support of that army, it then
boiorgs to the Conunaod<v-m-Chief io say whem-
' •-* • it -'hail hp iio'ij or there. It cannot be-
long to Coo-kbE.un'c-.-. C(^£ wsCoinmander-
, in-Chief of the Arrov .
