1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2293
the declaration that I should withhold my vote from
Pierce and King. When I looked at it, it struck
me as being rather a singular thing, and I read it
a second time. It occurred to me then that gome
person, who supposed himself quite smart, had
endeavored to play olf a parody on a publication
of which we all have a distinct recollection, on the
opposite side of the question, and in doing so, had
most unwarrantably used the names of gentle-
men who knew nothing about it. I knew no
more about it than you, sir, or any gentleman in
this Chamber, and lam well assured that the other
gentlemen whose names are attached to it knew
nothing about it.
I think it a very poor joke at best; and really I
was surprised, before I was able to resume my
seat in the Senate, to find that this very poor joke
was made the subject-matter of Senatorial com-
ment in this body. The whole thing is beneath
contempt. It is unworthy of consideration. Who-
ever may be the author of the circular, his smart-
ness will not be much illustrated by it; and in
taking the liberty he has taken, of using the names
of gentlemen who knew nothing about it, he has
acted in a very unworthy manner. I know not
-who the author is.
I did not deem this matter of sufficient import-
ance to make any denial here or in the newspa-
pers. I have no ambition to see my name in print.
1 suppose there is hardly one of my associates,
on either side of the Chamber, who deems it ne-
cessary for me to make a public declaration to the
eftect that I have stated now. I know nothing
about the circular. I feel, as far as I am con-
cerned, that the matter is beneath contempt.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will take occa-
sion to state, that when the discussion sprung up
originally, he happened accidentally to he out of
the Senate Chamber. As soon as he returned and
saw the coarse of the discussion, he resumed the
chair, and stopped the discussion by calling the
Senator from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] to order.
Mr. SMITH. Mr. President, I feel no dispo-
sition to complain of the honorable Senator from
Illinois for bringing the subject up at this time
under the circumstances of the case; but I cer-
tainly did feel a very great degree of surprise that
a subject of this character should have been intro-
duced into the Senate Chamber—though, perhaps,
it was hardly worth while for me to manifest the
degree of irritation which I did on the occasion to
which 1 refer. I desire to cherish very kind and
respectful relations with the Senators to whom 1
now allude, and I do not intend to have any con-
troversy with them on this or any other subject,
if I can avoid it.
I feel even now some degree of surprise that the
Senator from Illinois should say that he believed
a document of this character had really been cir-
culated over the country as an electioneering doc-
ument. The idea of the gentleman would seem to
be, that that portion of Congress who are friendly
to the election of General Scott are really trying
to use a paper of this character to promote his
election. That is paying a very poor compliment,
in my judgment, to the intelligence of the Ameri-
can people. .
The circular alluded to was obviously a mere
parody on a certain publication which was issued
by members of the House of Representatives,
some of whom are among the number of my very
intimate and immediate friends; and it never was
intended as a blow at the Democratic candidate
for the Presidency. I will now say what I did
not feel disposed to say the other day. That par-
ody, as it is, and miserable as it may be, I have
reason to apprehend—indeed, I know in fact, if I
may rely on the statement of gentlemen with
whom I have conversed on that subject—was not
signed by the gentlemen whose names are ap-
pended to it, and that not one of those gentlemen
had anything to do with it in any form whatever.
The honorable Senator from Illinois says some-
body has franked that paper. Will he have the
goodness to say whose name appears on that
frank ? . „ .„
Mr. DOUG-LAS. I will.
Ml- SMITH. I wish the gentleman to state
it because I do not like to have it said in this blind
and general manner.
Mr DOUGLAS. A member of Congress from
the State of Connecticut, showed to me one of
these circulars, printed upon half a sheet of paper,
which had been returned to him by one of his
constituents, bearing the frank of the Hon. Mr.
Ward, of Kentucky. He stated to me that he
took that to Mr. Ward, and understood Mr.
Ward to say, distinctly, that it was his frank, and
that he had franked it. The frank and the hand-
writing were both on the document itself, and not
on the envelope. Another member of the House of
Representatives told me, that he understood Mr.
Ward to state thathedid frank it; andaDelegate
from one of the Territories also made the same
statement, as to what he had understood Mr.
Ward to say. Prom this fact—seeing the frank,
and hearing the rumor—I took it for granted that
the circular was being franked by those whose
names were attached to it—that gentleman being
one of them. I make no issue as to whether it
is his frank, or not. I do not know the gentleman
personally; and I do not know his handwriting.
And the reason why I stated it the other day was,
to see if I could get a denial from the Senator from
Connecticut.
I wish to add, in reply to the honorable Sena-
tor's surprise that I should have expressed a be-
lief that I had reason to suppose it was true, that
on that statement of fact I could not doubt it; and
1 was only then amazed, and am now amazed,
that the Senator should have allowed himself to
rest under such an imputation, when by one word
he could have put an end to it at once. His de-
nial would have been conclusive upon me, as would
have been the denial of any gentleman whose
name was attached to that paper.
Mr. SMITH. I have simply to say that I do
not apprehend danger from imputations arising out
of such a matter as this. If I have not character
enough to sustain me in the world,and place me
above injury from imputations of this nature, let
them come from what quarter they may, it will
be useless for me to undertake to repel them.
I will simply add a word in justice to myself
and my most excellent friend, Mr. Ward, of Ken-
tucky. He tells me that some of his Democratic
friends asked him whether his name, or what pur-
ported to be his name, upon the circular was really
his frank. He took it for granted that it was; but
in fact he knew but little about it. He spoke joc-
ularly, however, when he said to the gentlemen
who addressed him, "Yes, gentlemen, it's all
right," or something to that effect, not supposing
that those who addressed him were in earnest, for
he was not. But he says that he did not, in point
of fact, frank the circular—certainly not know-
ingly. Indeed, I understood him to say, that
what purported to be his frank on that circular
was not his genuine signature. With this expla-
nation I leave the subject; for 1 'really think it
ought not to occupy the time of the Senate.
Mr. WALKER. Mr. President, the letter
which has been read, and which was addressed to
the Senator from Illinois, imposes upon me, as the
Senate will perhaps perceive, the duty of saying a
word, and I shall be very brief.
The letter to the Senator from Illinois is entirely
satisfactory to me, so far as Mr. Stanly is con-
cerned. What has been said by the Senator from
North Carolina [Mr. Mangum] is entirely satis-
factory to me, so far as that Senator is concerned.
I do not believe that either of those gentlemen
had anything to do with the paper. I do not be-
lieve they knew that it was got up. 1 believe
their names were used entirely without their au-
thority. I might say something more plainly of
others, if they had addressed me; but they have
not. They have addressed the Senator from Illi-
nois. Sir, if the debate upon the subject on the
part of one Senator here—the Senator from Con-
necticut—had been reported as it actually occurred,
I might have had something to say in regard to
him and his connection with the matter; but it
was not reported correctly. What he said in that
debate was, that he was here to transact legisla-
tive business, and not to answer the blackguardism
that was brought up in the Senate. As reported,
he was made to say that he was here to transact
legislative business, and if Senators saw proper to
bring up the blackguardism of the newspapers, he
should treat them with silent contempt.
Sir, dignity is a very good thing. It may be un-
fortunate for me, however, that I am not capable
of practicing it to such an extent as some others;
but, when an occasion arises where there is no
other resort than dignity, I think that is a very
poor one. I think that the resort to individual
dignity is a very poor one, on the part of those
who have about as much of it as an organ-grind-
er's monkey. I do not apply the remark to any
one here. Then, while I excuse Mr. Stanly, and
the Senator from North Carolina, who has spoken,
yet, as long as that debate stands where it is, I
have nothing to say to the Senator who is thus re-
ported; and until he does correct it, and until he
does deny it, it is my belief that he signed that
circular.
The PRESIDENT. The river and harbor bill
is properly under consideration.
Mr. SMITH. I want the privilege of replying
to the Senator from Wisconsin.
Several Senators. Certainly.
The PRESIDENT. If such is the pleasure of
the Senate, the Senator from Connecticut will be
permitted to proceed. [Agreed ! Agreed !] But the
Chair will say, that this debate is contrary to all
rules of proceeding; and, although it is the unan-
imous consent of the Senate that the Senator may
proceed, the Chair will feel bound to arrest per-
sonalities.
Mr. SMITH. Mr. President, Ihad no idea of
indulging in any personalities whatever. I un-
derstood the Senator from Wisconsin to say, that
the remarks which I made the other day—I admit,
under some little irritation—were not truly re-
ported. I believe they are exactly reported as I
made them, word for word. I thought I \?as jus-
tified in those remarks. I thought that the Sena-
tor had brought into the Senate Chamber a matter
that had nothing whatever to do with -the busi-
ness that was before the Senate. I thought he had
introduced it for the purpose of trifling with my
feelings. I thought that he intended something
more than the introduction of playful amusement
into the Chamber. If 1 had supposed that the in-
tention of the honorable Senator was-not to trifle
with my feelings, I might not, and should not
have indulged in severity of remark.
But what, sir, has this subject to do with the
Senate ? What had it to do with the business then
before the Senate? We had before us a question
in relation to the Sault Ste. Marie canal bill; and
I had made some remarks upon that bill. How-
pertinent they were, or how worthy of consid-
eration, I do not undertake to say. And what
was it that the Senator did ? He had recourse to
newspapers, and brought into the Chamber matter
which I stigmatized as wretched blackguardism.
The same matter had been published in the
Union, and in that paper I had been stigmatized
in connection with it. An effort was made to cre-
ate an impression against me and other honorable
gentlemen whose names were appended to that
paper, that we had attempted to practice an enor-
mous fraud upon the country. Now, what had
that to do with the Sault Ste. Marie canal ? I
said then, and I say now, that it was mere matter
of newspaper blackguardism, and never should
have been brought into the Senate Chamber. But
if the honorable Senator says, or is prepared to
say, that he did not mean to trifle with my feelings
on that occasion, I stand ready to make the
amende honorable. The Senator can have his re-
lations with me just as he pleases- It is to me a
matter of the most entire and perfect indifference.
Our relations have hitherto been friendly and cor-
dial, to some extent. I would much rather be
concerned in rendering acts of courtesy and kind-
ness to the honorable members of this body than
to be engaged in controversies with them; but if
I understand my rights here, as a member of this
body, it becomes me t® maintain thedignityof my
character, and the dignity of my position; and I
will do it, whatever may be the consequences.
[Here the conversation dropped.]
RIVER AND HARBOR BILL.
The Senate then took up the river and harbor
bill, and debated various amendments to a late
hour, many of which were adopted and several
rejected, when, a few moments before five p. m.—•
The Senate adjourned.
[See Appendix for the proceedings.]
IN SENATE.
Moxday, August 23, 1852.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. C. M. Butler.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a message from the President of the United
States, communicating, in compliance with a reso-
lution of the Senate, a report from the Secretary
