518
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 10,
Mr. DUNHAM. That is the very position
which I occupy, as I understand the gentleman's
explanation. 1 undertake to say, that Congress
hare the right to raise troops for a particular pur-
pose, and to give them that particular direction,
and then nothing remains for the Commander-in-
Chief but to take charge of those troops in that
direction and to apply them to that purpose. He
may give direction to the troops in detail—if I
may use the expression—in carrying out the law
of Congress. Let us look atthis matter. In the
time of the Seminole war, for instance, does any
gentleman undertake to say that Congress had not
the right to raise, a corps for that service, or that
the Executive had the right to dispose of that
corps in any way other than for the prosecution
of that war? All that the Executive had to do
was to take charge of those troops and control
them for that purpose. I apprehend that no one
will contend that the Executive had the right to
give those troops any other direction. That is
my doctrine. If I am correct in that case, then I
ask, if the Executive has any more right, when
Congress has raised a regiment of mounted rifle-
men for the purpose of stationing them on the
routes to Oregon, to divert them from that partic-
ular service? I think not. The law which cre-
ated this regiment, created it for a particular pur-
pose, and the President had nothing to do but to
dispose of the troops according to that law.
But I was going on to reply to the gentleman
from New York. I do not understand this reso-
lution to be a resolution directing the President
how to dispose of these troops in any particular
way. I do not apprehend that the House have
that power. But as the Representatives of the
people, they have the right to request him to make
this or that disposition of the power intrusted in
his hands. I think that can be done, either by
the people or the people's Representatives, and I
trust the time will not pass away when we shall
not have that right.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I think this dis-
cussion has gone far enough.
Mr. EVANS. It has been all on one side
though.
Mr. JONES. Whatever may be the power of
  Congress in relation to this matter, I' agree with
the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Dunham,] that
this House has no right to give this direction. I
move the previous question.
Mr. EV ANS. I ask the gentleman to allow me
to say something in relation to this matter. The
question has yet been discussed only on one side.
Mr. LANE. As the mover of this resolution,
I ask whether I have not the right to reply if the
previous question is seconded?
The SPEAKER. That can only be done when
the resolution is introduced from a committee.
Mr. JONES. I decline to withdraw the call for
the previous question.
The question then being upon seconding the call
for the previous question,
Mr. JONES demanded tellers; which were or-
dered; and Messrs. King, of New York, and
Williams were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 43, noes 79.
So the House refused to second the call for the
previous question.
Mr. EVANS. I thank the House for its cour-
tesy in having voted down the motion for the pre-
vious question—a motion brought forward and
urged here, after a long debate, which was carried j
on almost altogether on one side of the question-
only one single gentleman having spoken in de-
fence of the administration of the War Department
of the Government. The Democrats of the House
h^ve in this instance shown an impartiality for
which I thank them, for without their assistance ::
tile call foi the previous question could not have ;
been voted down.
I cannot but feel my deficiency in ability to die- '
cuss this question as it ought to be discussed. I !|
know very well that I cannot compensate the I;
House for the kindness and indulgence which thev '
have shown me,but I do intend to give them some i'
little information in regard to this Question. I :
promise to open, at least, one or two sources of'
information which have not been touched upon by
other gentlemen at all. I do not hesitate to say that
there has been no assumption of power, in order-
ing the withdrawal of those troops from Oregon
touch assumption has been taken for granted by
every gentleman who has hitherto addressed the
House upon this question. It has been taken for
granted that this regiment was ordered by law to
be stationed in Oregon, and not to be withdrawn.
But though it has been taken for granted that they
were ordered by the law which created that regi-
ment, to be stationed in Oregon, or on the route to
Oregon, 1 say that there is no such thing in the
law or the title at all.
Mr. DUNHAM. The gentleman is mistaken
if he supposes that I said expressly that that law
ordered the regiment to be stationed on the route
to Oregon. I did not say that; I said that from the
title of the law it was evident that such was its in-
tention, although the law itself does not expressly
say so.
Mr. EVANS. Well, I deny that.
Mr. GORMAN. That is precisely the position,
that from the title of the bill it was evident that
it was the intention* in making the law, that the
troops should be stationed in Oregon.
Mr. EVANS. I deny that. I say that there
is no such thing in the bill, or the title, or the pre-
amble, or anywhere else. But I also deny another
proposition, which has been presented here with
great vehemence and urged with great force—if
vehemence is force—that the Secretary of War is
bound to come here and look into the character of
our debates in this House^ in order to ascertain
what the acts mean. I dare say that some of the
acts would require such a research, in order to
make them intelligable, but it is a singular state of
affairs if the debates of a legislative body are to be
investigated in order to ascertain what the legisla-
tive act is. Now let us recur to the facts of the
case, and see whether the construction which the
gentleman puts upon the law is the correct one. I
will commence with the title, but before I am
through I shall have the whole act read. It is en-
titled "An act to provide for raising a legiment of
mounted riflemen." That is the first part of it.
Mr. DUNHAM. Well, read the last part of
it.
Mr. EVANS. I will read thelastpart, and the
whole act too, after a while.
Mr. DUNHAM. I only want the title. Let
us have the last of it.
Mr. EVANS. The last part of it is: "and for
establishing military stations on the route to Ore-
gon." And does that bind the Secretary of War to
station those mounted riflemen in Oregon, or on the
route to Oregon ? How could mounted, troops alone
garrison a fort? I will explain the true cause for
raising this regiment. It was gotten up at the
time or shortly after our difficulties with Great
Britain, and the excitement which was caused in
consequence of those difficulties was the cause of
its passing through the House. But there is noth-
ing in the law which instructs the Secretary of
War to station that regiment on the route to Ore-
gon, or in Oregon. There is not a particle of evi-
dence that such was its intention.
I say there is nothing in the law compelling him
to station and maintain that regiment in Oregon.
But suppose there was: I assert in my place,
that they were withdrawn from the Territory of
Oregon by the request of the then Delegate from
Oregon, [Mr. Thurston,] and that they were with-
drawn from the Territory of California by the
advice of distinguished gentlemen then, and some
of them now, in power, residing in that State. I
was on the Committee on Military Affairs during
the last Congress, and the representative from
Oregon [Mr. Thurston] frequently appeared be-
fore it, and he has told me repeatedly, and again
and again—and there are gentlemen sitting about
me whom I might call upon to corroborate my
statement if it were necessary—that the people of
; Oregon did not want one of them in Oregon, and
that they could defend themselves, if we would
furnish the money. It is in the recollection of
gentlemen upon this floor, that at the last session
of Congress we gave to Oregon $100,000 in cash
for the purpose of paying their expenses in this
Cayuse war. That is the state of facts. What
is it now? The Delegate from Oregon, [Mr.
Lane]—a highly-respected gentleman, and with
whom this country is very well acquainted, a
man, no doubt, well versed in military affairs,
and from whose brow, were it in my power, I
would not pluck one laurel—that gentleman comes
forward and states, that in order to protect the
people on the route to Oregon, a certain course on
the part of the Administration is necessary, and
that the War Department must act in a certain
way, and start troops upon certain routes.
Now, his predecessor, who was listened to, and
whose voice was heard, advised directly to the
contrary. Such was his advice; and so he stated
directly, and 1 am prepared to prove it—I know,
unfortunately, that he is dead, and I have there-
fore a reluctance in bringing in bis name; I had
the happiness during his life of an opportunity of
showing him some acts of kindness, and I feel
disinclined to drag his name into debate—he stated
expressly to the War Department, that mounted
rifles were not suited to the Oregon Territory; that
it was an irregular and mountainous country; that
it was impossible to pursue the Indians or* horse-
back; and that infantry ought to be substituted.
Such were his declarations; and in accordance
with the advice of a distinguished member of the
Democratic party, and of the advice of the then
Delegate, who was intimately acquainted with the
character of the population, and had traveled ex-
tensively over the country, infantry was proposed
to be substituted for mounted troops.
Mr. LANE. If the gentleman will allow me,
for I hate to see the gentleman go too far wrong, I
wish to say the gentleman has come to wrong con-
clusions upon two or three points. It may be
true, and I do not doubt it, that the first Delegate
from Oregon advised the removal of the mounted
regiment from that country; hut it is not true that
he resided a long time in that Territory. He ar-
rived there late in the fall of 1847, and was elected
in the spring of 1849 to the Co'ngl-ess of the Uni-
ted States, and immediately left forthis city. He
had never traveled outside of the settlements, nor
had he seen but a very small portion of that Ter-
ritory. Another thing has been stated, that
$100,000 has been given to Oregon in considera-
tion of the removal of the troops from Oregon, to
enable them to defend themselves.
Mr. EVANS. No, sir. I did not state that. I
stated that $100,000 was voted by Congress to the
Territory of Oregon to pay the expenses of the
war against the Cayuse Indians. That is what I
stated. If the gentleman denies it, I will produce
the records.
Mr. LANE. • That is true.
Mr. EVANS. Now I want the Delegate from
Oregon to tell me how long he has been in Oregon.
I recollect, since I came to Congress, that he was
a distinguished officer in the Mexican war.
Mr. LANE. Mr. Thurston arrived in Oregon
in September or October, 1847, and left for Wash-
ington city in 1849. I arrived there in 1848, and
remained until 1851.
Mr. EVANS, I do not think it a matter at all
material. I took it for granted that the gentleman
was acquainted with the state of this Territory.
At any rale, he knew it better than any one else.
He was then a representative upon this floor. I am
sure he pretended to an acquaintance with it; he
showed a great deal of information about it; and
as I was a little curious about the country, I asked
a great many questions, which he answered intel-
ligently. He issued a circular to the whole coun-
try, informing* the people about the geography
and topography of Oregon, as inducements to emi-
grate there.
Well, sir, upon the representations of that gen-
tleman, that mounted troops were unlit for that
Territory, infantry were proposed to be substituted
in their place, and the Secretary of War is now
assailed for doing it. The gentleman from Indi-
ana [Mr. Gorman] says it was a most unheard-of
proposition. The Secretary of War followed the
best lights he had, and he cannot be blamed for it.
Now I will state another matter, in reference to
this Oregon regiment. Gentlemen take it for
granted that in the bill for raising that regiment,
it provided that the regiment should be posted in
Oregon. I say there is no such provision. But
granting that it is there, this regiment was raised
in 1846. Now I assert that this regiment, as a
regiment, had never been in Oregon. A portion of
it had been there. It had been sent there by no
previous Administration, either Mr. Polk's, Gen-
eral Taylor's, or Mr. Fillmore's, down to this
time. And if it was a crime to take them away, it
was equally as great a fault not to have sent them
all there. I do not think the gentleman from
Oregon will state that the regiment has been there
at any period whatever. Now, by the resolution
does the gentleman want these troops sent to Ore-
gon ? Oh, no. Not at all; but on the road to
