2294
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 23,
of State, and the documents accompanying it,
touching the Lobos Islands; which were ordered
to He on the table and be printed.
Also, a report of the Secretary of £>tate, com-
municating, in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate, information in relation to the clerks in that
Department; which was read and referred to the
Committee on Finance.
CITIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill of the House
of Representatives "making appropriations for
the civil and diplomatic expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending 30th of June, 1853, and
for other purposes," the question pending being
on the motion of Mr. Badger, to amend the
amendment of the Committee on Finance propos-
ing to appropriate $18,000 "for repairs of the
Potomac bridge," by striking out the word "re-
pairs" and insertingi( the removal of the remains,"
so as to make the clause read:
" For the removal of the remains of the Potomac bridge,
#18,00y. 
Mr. SHIELDS. Mr, President, as the honor-
able Senator from North Carolina [Mr. Badger]
the other day made some remarks in relation
to this question that might affect the vote on the
amendment, I feel it my duty to say a few words.
I do not intend, at this stage of the session to con-
sume time on .this subject; but I regret very much
that I cannot go into it more fully. • When the
subject comes fairly and fully before the Senate, I
shall be prepared to go into it in a manner as I
think may materially modify or change the opinion
of my honorable friend from North Carolina.
In 1833 this subject was thoroughly investigated.
The best engineers in America were employed io
the examination of it; and a plan was then ap-
proved i>v General Jackson, at that time President
of the United States, for a bridge across the Polo-
mac. But that plan was defeated, and the present
structure was erected. Although the bridge has
not answered the purpose, because it was not such
a one as any engineer ever recommended—it was
not recommended by the Government, by the
President, nor by any engineer—still, I think my
friend from North Carolina charges the poor
bridge with a great deal more than it is properly
chargeable with. He charges it with being the
cause of fever and ague, yellow fever, and chol-
era; as diverting the channel of the river, and also
as ruining the trade of Georgetown. I dare say
all these things have occurred at the same time;
and the bridge may be said to be the cause of them,
on the same ground that a committee in England
decided that the Tenterden steeple was the cause
of the accumulation of the Godwin Sands; because
the sands commenced accumulating there when
the steeple was built, and had continued accumu-
lating ever since; so that the accumulation was
chargeable to the building of the steeple. [Laugh-
ter.] Now I am satisfied that the ruining of the
trade of Georgetown, the prevalence of the fever
and ague, and so on, are concurrent phenomena;
but I do not know that they can properly be made
chargeable to the bridge.
The subject was thoroughly investigated, as T
said, in J833. The Committee on the District of i
Columbia have been engaged lately in investigating j
it. Colonel Kearney, one of our best engineers, j
and Colonel Trumbull, who superintended the '
construction of the aqueduct at Georgetown—an
engineer perhaps equal to any not only in this
country, but (if that work be any evidence of his
capability) one of the best engineers in the world—
have been before us. We have had the advice and
the aid of these gentlemen in our investigations of
this subject, and, as I said before, when the proper
time arrives I myself, who have had this assist-
ance, will be prepared to go into the subject. The i
question arises now, where are we to have a new j
communication across the Potomac? Everyone!
agrees that there ought to be some communication, ;
whether at the old locality, or at a new locality at I
Georgetown or elsewhere, we cannotyet precisely !
determine. It is too large a subject to go into at
this time.
These engineers all agree, that whether we re- I
construct the bridge on the old site, or construct I
a bridge at Mason s Island, at the Three Sisters I
or over the aqueduct, the repair of this bridge is' j
one of the first steps to the accomplishment of that I
object. So much was that the case heretofore !
that when the bridge was about to be built form-
erly, in 1832 or 1833, the Government purchased
the old bridgethen existing, in order to make use
of it as a service bridge, until the bridge then pro-
posed was completed. I hope that will remove the
objection of my honorable friend from North
Carolina.
1 will not go into the question whether w>eought
to reconstruct a bridge at the present locality, or
should build one at Mason's Island, 01-at the Three
Sisters, or beyond Georgetownbut when the time
comes for the investigation of that subject, I shall
be-ready to go into it, and give all the informa-
tion that I have collected on the subject. But what
we now want, as my colleague on the Committee
on the District of Columbia stated the other day,
is a mere temporary repair of the present bridge.
For that purpose, I would suggest to the Senator
from Virginia, that the amount proposed in the
amendment of the committee is too large. The
enjineers to whom I refer gave us all the necessary
information, and, from everything which we could
learn, we thoueht that $12,000 would be sufficient.
Mr. HUNTER. I am willing to agree to that.
Mr. SHIELDS. Since we came to that con-
clusion, we have ascertained that there are some
other repairs to be made, which will make the
whole amount necessary to be appropriated about
$15,000.
Mr. HUNTER. It will be necessary for the
Senator to move that amendment, as the amend-
ment for the repair of the bridge is reported from
the Committee on Finance, and cannot be modified
without a vote of the Senate. I shall vote, how-
ever, for an amendment like that suggested by the
Senator from Illinois.
The PRESIDENT. The amendment cannot
be offered un til the amendment of the Senator from
North Carolina is disposed of
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, the necessity
of having a way to communicate between the Dis-
trict and the Virginia shore, not for the conveni-
ence of the people of the neighborhood alone, but
for the convenience of the whole country, is man-
ifest. Congress has undertaken, by purchasing
the bridge many years ago, to make that way and
keep it up. It would seem to me to devolve, as a
matter of duty, on Congress, whatever ultimate
designs it may have to furnish the repairs neces-
sary to keep the bridge across the Potomac.
Whether the appropriation should be §18,000 or
$12,000, I do not know.
_ What the Senator from North Carolina has in
view, strikes me as an object that must be attained
one of these days by Congress. I presume there
can be no question, that, from the manner in which
the present bridge has been constructed, it has
done serious injury to the town of Georgetown.
It is not only by causing the flats in the river, re-
sulting from the deposits from above, that it has
impaired the health of the opposite part of the city
of Washington, but it has obstructed the channel
so as to do very serious injury to the commercial
interests of Georgetown. As will be manifest to
the eye of the observer, the portion of the bridge
which does obstruct the channel, is what is called
the causeway—a brick structure which has not
been injured by the late freshet. That portion of
the bridge remains. The proposition to repair
the bridge, is one that does not interfere with any
ultimate question as to the mode of reconstructing
it or, whether there should be a change in the
site. It seems to me, that the repair is indispens-
ably necessary for the convenience of the people
of the country; and that Congress is committed to
do it, because, by purchasing the bridge originally,
it incurred an obligation to keep it up.
_ Mr. BRODHEAD. It seems to me that there
is one question appertaining to this subject which
has not yet been suggested. In 1833,' when the
site was first surveyed, and when the bridge was
erected, both shores of the Potomac were within
the District of Columbia. Since that time, the
territory on the other side of the Potomac has
been retroceded to the State of Virginia. Now,
what right has Congress, without the consent of
Virginia, to erect or repair any bridge across the
Potomac? The western shore of that river is
within the jurisdiction of Virginia. If 30, the
Congress of the United States has no jurisdiction
over the subject, and we ought to have the consent
of Virginia before we can touch it. I entertain
views on this subject similar to those which were
expressed the other day by the Senator from North
Carolina. I think if we do anything we ought to
remove the present nuisance.
Mr. BRIGHT. Mr. President, the honorable
Senator from Pennsylvania has anticipated me on
a point I intended to make, and it is a point which
I think worthy of the consideration of the Senate.
He has stated correctly, that, at the time the ap-
propriation was originally made for building this
bridge, the jurisdiction of each end of it was with-
in the District of Columbia. By a late act of Con-
gress, one side of the river has lately been retro-
ceded to the State of Virginia, and I think she has
no claim upon Congress to continue this bridge,
nor have we anything before us to show that, as a
State, she desires it. But, aside from that., I think
the appropriation proposed by the honorable gen-
tleman who is chairman of the Committee on the
District of Columbia [Mr. Shields] would be so
much money wasted. I do not believe that the
Long Bridge, so called, can ever be made a perma-
nentand safe crossing point. But even admitting
that in this I am incorrect, which I do not believe,
there is one point in this District—one city in this
District—one portion of the population of this
District, which has been seriously injured by the
erection and maintenance of this bridge. They
have no representative here to speak for them;
hence it is proper that those who understand the
facts connected with this matter should present
them to the Senate; and I was greatly in hopes
that the honorable Senator from Virginia, [Mr.
Mason,] when he was up, would have gone on
and stated the grievances that Georgetown, which
lies entirely within the limits of the District, has
suffered, and is suffering. The people of George-
town have, from time to time, complained of that
structure as an interference with their commerce,
and as interfering with the health, of their city;
and they have asked Congress repeatedly, in the
most respectful manner, to afford them some re-
lief from these grievances—in short, to remove
this nuisance. But Congress, thus far, has been
deaf to their appeals. Latterly, by the act of
God, a portion of the Long Bridge has been swept
away; and it is to be regretted that the whole was
not taken.
Mr. BADGER. T agree with you.
Mr. BRIGHT. I think the amendment offered
by the honorable Senator from North Carolina is
right. I would rather vote to appropriate $16,000
to remove what is left of the old structure than to
appropriate |16,000 to repair it; for the reason, in
the first place, that it is not now the sole property
of the United States—it is the property in part of
Virginia; and in the next place, if it were the prop-
erty of the United States, and its improvement
practicable, it would be an injury instead of a
benefit in a public point, of view.
I have no wish to consume the time of the Sen-
ate in discussing the question; and I know the ne-
cessity for passing on and disposing of the amend-
ments; but I must ask the Senate to hear read the
proceedings of a public meeting held lately in
Georgetown on this subject." I think they will
explain the whole matter better than any speech
I can make.
The Secretary accordingly read the following:
" Public Meeting at Georgetown.—At a general
meeting of the citizens of Georgetown, called bv the Mayor,
by direction of the corporation, at Forrest Hall, on Thurs-
day evening, the 8th of June, 1852, the Mayor was called
to the chair, and John Dickson, Esq., appointed secretary.
" The Mayor then explained the object of the meeting ;
whereupon Recorder Ould moved that a committee of three
persons be appointed by the chair to report resolutions for
the consideration of the meeting.
"The chair appointed Robert Ould, David English, and
Judson Mitchell, Esqrs., said committee, who soon after
reported the following preamble and resolutions, viz :
" Whereas, the people of Geoigetowu have been griev-
ously injured, for the long period of forty-five years, by the
erection of the Potomac Bridge below the harbor of the
town, and against which we originally, and have ever since,
protested, and do now protest; and as its continuance
must ever have a disastrous effect upon our fortunes, there-
fore, be it
*' Resolved fni the people of G-eorgetown in general meet-
ing aisemhled, That it becomes our duty to, and we accord-
ingly do, make a united and earnest appeal to the justice of
Congress, under whose exclusive jurisdiction we have
been placed by the Constitution of'the United States, to
protect us from the oppression and annoyance of this enor-
mous injury.
" Resolved, That we are persuaded that such an obstruc-
tion to the commerce of this town, as is occasioned by said
bridge, would not be tolerated in one of the States of this
union, or permitted to embarrass one of the seats of its
commerce; and feeling that we are entitled to such rights
as belong in common to the American people, we protest
against the longer continuance of this unnecessary struc-
