1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1449
The CHAIRMAN. That will be the effect of
it.
Mr. CARTTER. Ts it in order to move an
amendment to the amendment of the gentleman
from Tennessee? [Mr. Jones.]
The CHAIRMAN. That is an amendment to
an amendment, and no further amendment is now
in order.
Mr, CARTTER. I understand it to be an
amendment to the second section of the original
bill; or is it an amendment to the second section
of the substitute?
The CHA FRMAN. It is an amendment to
the substitute.
Mr. CAR.TTER. I wish to ask a question, with
the consent of the House.
The CHAIRMAN. It can be done only by
the unanimous consent of the House. Does the
gentleman from Arkansas appeal from the decision
of the Chair ?
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not.
Mr, JONES. I ask for the reading of the sub-
stitute as it will be, if my amendment is adopted.
The proposition, comprehending the first sec-
tion of the substitute of Mr. Jones for the second
section thereof, was read.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is upon the
adoption of this amendment.
Mr. CHASTAIN. I wish to ask the gentle-
man from Tennessee a question.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order.
Mr. CHASTAIN. I do not propose to debate
the question. All I wish to ask the gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] is, to modify his
amendment, so as 10 make it read that nothing in
that act contained shall be so construed as to pre-
vent the payment of these officers up to the time
of their resignation.
Mr. JONES. I cannot do so, and would not
vote for any bill containing such a proposition.
The CHAIRMAN. The question must be
taken upon the amendment, and no debate is in
order.
Mr. T5EALE. May I ask a question ?
Mr. PXIELPS. I propose to strike so much 
The CHAIRMAN. No amendment is in order
at this time.
Mr. BEALTC. Is it in order to ask that the
reasons assigned by the officers for leaving the
Territory may be read:
The CHAIRMAN. It is not in order, because
it would be in the nature of debate.
The question is upon the amendment proposed
by the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Joxes,]
to strike out all after the first section of the sub-
stitute, and insert what has been read.
Mr. MEAOHAM. I wish to make this in-
quiry, in regard to the effect of this vote: if we
vote for the amendment of the gentleman from
Tennessee, will it carry with it the amendment of
the gentltman from Arkansas5
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair wiU state that
the amendment, if adopted, will strike out the
whole of the second section as it has been
amended, and substitute the proposition oifered
by the srentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones.]
Mr. JONES demanded tellers; which were or-
dered; and Mr. Johnson, of Tennessee, and Mr.
Freeman were appointed.
The question was then taken; and the tellers
reported—ayes 30, noes 94.
So the amendment of Mr. Jones to the substi-
tute was rejected,
Mr. POLK. I understand that the question
befoie the committee is 
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair informs the
gentleman from Tennessee, that 110 debate is in
orf'er, un'ess he has an amendment to offer.
Mr. POLK. I move the amendment of the (
gentleman from Arkansas, [Mr. Johnson,] as a j,
substitute for the oiiginal bill. \\
The CHAIRMAN. That proposition is notj;
in order. i
Mr. POLK. I move to strike out the word I;
" officers," in the first section of the bill. The!'
Territory of Utah was established under the art of
1851, and the present President uf the United <
States appointed the Governor of that Territory. :
Who did he appoint? Was he a man who would ,j
recommend himself to the moral community, North ',
or South ? Was he a man who any member of this j
House would be willing to recognize m the social
circles of his own community: or, was he appoint-
edby the indorsement of the President, and recom- !■
| mended by him to the country, notwithstanding ]
j all his sins, and all the outrages which he had com- ;
: mitted, and is still committing, or not? I say, !
j Mr. Chairman, that the President of the United I
j States committed the initiative wrong by appoint- ;
> ing Brigham Young, the Mormon, to rule over !
; that Territory. I say, that he committed, by his ;
| appointment, a wrong against morals, against I
i pure religion, and against the laws under which j
; we live ; and if any difficulty has grown out of!
i it there, you must trace it to that source. The |
| President sends out his judges—he has and ex- !
i erased the power of appointing them also—they '
| arrive there, and are unable to perform their du- I
| ties. They return to the United States. Why? !:
I Because they are honorable and high-toned men, r
j and were not, pei mitted to perform the duties which j
| the Government required of them. What, then, !
I is the action of the President? They return,and
make a report of the immorality of the people
j there, and of the resistance to the Federal laws by
Governor Young, whom the President appointed,
and his associates. If they were worthy of ap-
pointment ; if they were worthy of the position,
and came sufficiently and properly recommended
by the President, surely they are worthy of cre-
dence. Smely their repot t is worth}'- of belief.
And how does our amiable President act upon this
repot t of the facts, as stated by the honorable men
who assumed authority and power by his author-
ity ? Does he remove Brigham Young, who had
obstructed the execution of the Federal laws?
No. How docs he act in the premises? Why he
removes those gentlemen who made a statement
of the facts to him, and retains the creature who
is defiling the country which he inhabits and con-
trols, and who sets at defiance the power of this
Republic. Now, if President Fillmore thought
these men, whom he appointed judges, were
worthy men, of unimpeachable character, and en-
titled to credence in stating the facts, why should
he have removed them and retained Brigham
Young? A proper regard for the dignity of our
Government, for the just and faithful administra-
tion of its laws, and for the purity of moials, im-
periously demanded the removal of ]-3rig:ham
Young from the gubernatorial chair, and the re-
tention of those judges in their offices, backed by
the power of the Government to sustain them.
[Here the hammei fell.]
Mr. IMSSELL. Mr. Chairman, I am unwilling
that we, by any action here, should indorse, m
any degree, the doings of the local authorities of j
Utah; on thecontiary, I deem it important that
Congress, in every pioper way, should manifest
its disapprobation of those doings. But, inde-
pendentof any considerations of that kind, lam
in favor of paving these officers—paying them up
to the period of their lesignatmn. In my judg-
ment, they havedone their duty,and nothing else.
They have done no moie nor less than what the
interest and ci edit of the Government required. It
has been said, by the gentleman from Michigan,
[Mr. Stuart,] that even after they had found it
impossible to discharge their duties in Utah, they
should still have remained there. For what?
Mr. STUART. I do not wish to interrupt the
gentleman, but I cannot consent to be misinter-
preted. I said I had seen no sufficient evidence
that they could not discharge the duties of their
office. If there weie difficulties in the way of dis-
charging them, theie was greater reason for them
to have remained and reported what those difficul-
ties were.
Mr. BiSSELL. That is as I understood the
Gentleman before. Whatever the extent of the
difficulties thrown in their way by the local au-
thority of Utah may have been—whether to the
extent of preventing them wholly from the dis-
charge of their duties, or not, they, in the opinion
of the gentleman from Michigan, should have still
remained there for the pmpone of becoming re-
porters of the doings of Morniomsm f _ 1 hey
should have quietly submitted to have their judi-
cial robes torn fiom them, and been content toj^e-
come resident reporters at Salt Lake City. Was
that the business on which we sent ihrm.-' Was
that the purpose for which this Government in-
vested these, its agents, with judicial noweis?
No, sir; they weie sent to Utah to administer the
laws; to perform the high duties of judges of the
United States. Had they been sent there as re-
porters of the proceedings of Brigham Yonug's
government, then, unquestionably, they should
have remained there, and reported, under all cir-
cumstances. But theirs were very dilferentduties;
and when there were difficulties, insuimountable,
thrown in the way of their discharge of the legiti-
mate and sole duties pertaining to their office, by
the local authorities there, it was their duty to re-
turn, especially under the peculiar circumstances
in which they were placed. They did so, and
they did right; and I will not consent to punish
them for it. I feel as little .disposed to punish
them, as I do to encourage, thereby, the authori-
ties of that Territory in their treasonable course.
It has been insisted that these officers should be
paid only up to the time they reached Washington
on their return. I think that such a view of the
case is altogether wrong. On arriving here, they
very properly reported to the Executive the causes
which rendered it impossible to perform their
duties. That was right. They did not resign
then: and for a very obvious and sufficient reason.
They waited the pleasure and the action of the Ex-
ecutive, supposing, with good reason,that he whose
duty it is to see that the laws are faithfully exe-
cuted , would take measures to remove the obstacles
in the way of their official action; to clear away
the obstructions to the laws, and enable them to
leturn to Utah under circumstances that would
enable them, to enter upon and discharge their
duties. This, I repeat, was a reasonable expec-
tation on their part. And, not till they were dis-
appointed in that expectation, were they justified
in resigning their commissions. They ought not
to have resigned till they had learned the Presi-
dent's purpose in regard to the couise he should
pursue in reference to the troubles and trouble-
makers at Utah. Now,I cannot understand why
it is that they are not entitled their pay up to the
time of their resignation. I should like to know
what there is in all their conduct which should
subject them to penalty, reproach, or censure in
Congress, or anywhere else.
Judges have been necessary all along, in Utah,
as elsewhere: and the fact that these officers held
themselves in readiness up to a recent period to dis-
charge theirduties, the means to enable them being
provided, furnishes no just grounds of complaint
against them as loyal and faithful officers of this,
the Government of the United States. I think
their conduct is deserving of far higher commend-
ation than if they had made a burnt offering of
their rnmmissions to the Prophet-Governor of
Utah, or thrown them up here before being ap-
prised of the views of the Executive. At all
events, I consider them fairly entitled to the com-
pensation which the law provides for that class of
officers.
Mr. RICHARDSON. X desire to move an
amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. There is already pending
an amendment to an amendment, and no other
one can be received. The question is on the
amendment of the gentleman from Tennessee, to
strike out the word <s officer."
The question was put, and the amendment was
disagreed to.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I move pro forma to
strike out the word "and." Tn this debate is
brought up the question of the propriety of paying
the Utah judges, and I desire to submit a remark
or two upon it.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair must say, in
reference to this motion, that it is altogether too
trivial to be regarded as an amendment which can
be debated.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Let, then, four or five
other words be connected with it.
The CHAIRMAN. Will the gentleman specify
his amend ment1
Mr. RICHARDSON. I will not detain the
committee by further continuing the discussion.
Mr. JONES, ofTennessee. I move to strike
out tin* whole of the substitute, as it has been
amended, except the first section, and to insert
what the Clerk will read.
The Clerk then read, as follows:
That nothing m t'.ie prmiso contained in rm net entitled
"An act uj. ikn,<r appt'-pi.anons for the pajmene of the
civ.l ami e\p H--C? of the Government for the
yenr ending ti.e tluitietii dav of June, eighteen hundred and
fi'tv-two/- .ippiovcd March third, eighteen hundred and
tittv our, i cUiUnc to the p.ivruent ofthp salaries of tho ojfi-
cei -- cf the Tomtom^ of the United States <lmll be so con-
strued a-- to prevent the payment to the two judges and the
secietai \ of Utah, who have returned home, the amount of
salaiv which shall be ascertained to hp due them, from the
time they left home uaui their return.
