520
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 10,
roads to Oregon- At my suggestion the Delegate
from Oregon hud also an interview with the Secre-
tary, and he is entirely satisfied, and thin whole
matter can he accomplished without the interven-
tion of the House. .
Mr. EVAIsTS. I am sure when I give the gen-
tleman the courtesy of the floor, that he ought not
to ask me to stop speaking. [Laughter.] That
is not quite fair.
Mr. DISNEY. I was going to add, that in a
very short time we will have u,p the deficiency
bills, and then my friend from Maryland will have
ample opportunity to debate this subject.
Mr. LVANS, 1 feel indeed confident that I
•have not succeeded in making this subject very
agreeable to the House. But I have almost got
through what I have to say. And since members
have listened to me with so much kind indulgence
and so much patient attention, 1 scarcely feel my-
self justified in speaking again on it as the gentle-
man suggests, for I should, X can assure the House,
then begin all over again: besides, 1 think it neces-
sary to vindicate the Secretary of War, who h;'s
here been assailed npon this very occasion. I
think, then, that as the House lias borne that part
of the infliction which 1 have already given it.
members had better take the balance now, and nut
have it in divided portions.
Several Members. "Goon!'- "Goon:"
Mr. EVANS. Now, Mr. Speaker, 1 do not
quote these figures at this time for the purpose of
casting censure upon any political party; but in
order to vindicate the truih of history, to show
out 01' what large expenditures have arisen, to give
the true authors of ilium, and to let praise and
blame light where they severally belong.
If I have succeeded in showing, as ! believe
every reasonable, candid gentleman will admit 1
have shown, that your largely-increased govern-
mental expenses have sprung out of the Mexican
war, and out of om Ibitign acquisitions, 1 shall
permit other gu!itl.\ueu lo (pjoie (lit- vast mi.-ieial
resources of California, her importance in Conner- !
lion with die trade of the l-ljst. which is about to j
pour irs golden rewards into her lap; and fnrlher, i
lo dwell upon the military and civil, the agneiil- j
uiraland commercial importance of that Territory, I
if it please members to lake up such a line oi'arjut- i
menr. 1 am not arraigning them for an v unfair |
or partisan jmlpose, 1ml the reason is, that I wish i
IO show gentlemen ulio talk about millions, and
charge I) y implication the whole of it to the Army, j
that there is a way for persons sufficiently indus- |
trious to discover where it comes from. It is all
here in this report, I will merely now refer mem- j-
bers to this Utile book, and when they get home
they can send for it to the document room. It is
very amusing, parii'-tdttrly the figure part. Mem-
eers can reflect upon the maftrt'ln their hours of
private meditation; an,I we till know lhat members i
take a particular pleasure in f.tmlying political '
arithmetic. " {
Mkuiiku. What is the title of the docu- (
ment> i
Mr. KVAXS. It is Executive documeni \o. !
11, .Second Session Thirty-first Congress. i
Mr. FULLER. What is tile page? ;
Mr. HVANS. Pages seven unit eight, h coil- ,
tains a most formidable array of figures. New, :
sir, lb'.'expenses of the Quartermaster's depart- !
ment of Che Army has ntjeessauly incieased 'from j
one single fact. 1 tie not propose to enter ttpon I
the question as to whether they have increased'too i
much; no.- can 1 see how it ,-iUi be well done with- I
out striking a blow at the public repniation and
private credit at ihe able head of that deoartment i
It maybe done by admittm.; ins in"f!,','ienry. or '
uris! be
bis dishonesty. One of these eau^
takers, and f do not tiicr. tore propose -miiyih^ info'
the items of it. Gentlemen will be ir in mind that
previous to tae acquisition of our new territory—~
and tiiere ore geiiMenie.i in tin,-, Ilou^e of ,"er;t.
aUrnty to correct use it'J am wrooj;—,ve had :<jt v
pos., um C'mkl not, be rcclicd by steamboat
T-i'ion. !„« troops ,,ft!c. rr iiitf-ti 8t,..te~' now
n'lW.itr.yn <n,m those p.,s's or' ejsy in the
/  *' «  d OAS,, the nnd M-utliwest i"id '
heen n-Tiove(UothetV fro-mer* ofi!,,..- ,u,j. '
u.ff'anfcd _.nles^,n-; Xt"„v I i '
<,J t,,:/ 11- i-ji r£oo, where !i«; ob- 1
!'Vy v/'N> \ Vx,
gate from that Territory or not. At any rate it
came from a reliable source there, giving the price
of articles of food for man and beast, and they
were the most extravagant I ever heard of. These
were part of the expenses to be borne by the
Gtuartermastei". Before we go into an entire de-
nunciation of this gentleman at the other end of
the avenue connected with that Department, and
who has no good reason for plundering the Gov-
ernment, let us have ihe candor to look into the de-
tails of their expenses. Let us investigate them.
Let us see how much more is required of the
i Quartermaster for the transportation to particular
j posts than was required before the existence of
| this war, and the acquisition of our new terri-
[ tories. Whenever that is found out, my word for
I it that Department will be fully vindicated and just-
j ified. Look at the course of the last Congress.
I I will here refer to the Congressional Globt^for a
i single moment. 1 am sorry theable and eloquent
; gentleman, [Mr Toombs,] whose remarks 1 am
about to quote, is not here.
I read from the Congressional Globe, second
! session Thirty-first Congress, pages 73], 732.
j " Tile eeitricmaii from South Carolina [Mr. HcrtJ had
I saiii lie [Mr. Toombs] struck in the dark. He (feared to
S know upon what authority he had made (hat assertion,
i "Mr. KtruT said lit.had quoted the gentleman's own fan-
I tillage.
: " ;Vlr. Toombs said, if lie had struck iri the dark it was I
L tfie fault oi those who possessed the necessary inhumation
J tor making a proper discrimination in the item^ to be cut j
down and would not furnish tiicm." !
That, is Mr. Toomiis 's vindication for striking in
the dark; and the fact that the Committee of Ways
and Means of this House having stiuckin the]
dark is not, I believe, denied. They did not act
tipoii any ascertained facts in cutting down the
expenses of the tiuaitennaster's depaitmetit, but
' from a general disposition to do it. it was done
without one single gentleman in this House hav-
: ing sulliclent information, by their own aeknowledg-
i ment to tell lo what extent it should he done. My
honorable friend from Kentucky, [Mr. >Ia -
iiiali.,] who knows as much about military mat-
tors as any other gentleman upon this floor, (and
1 wish 1 knew as much,) voted against the appro-
priation to the Quartermaster's department!' So
l'ui as I can discover in this Congressional Globe,
he never explained to this House why they ought
to be out down, where they ought to be cut down, j
or upon what account, but he struck in the dark. I
-Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. The gen- [
tleman has not displayed his usual industry m
ransacking the Congressional Globe, or he would ;
have found that I gave my reasons for my vote at !
the time it was given,and* 1 did not go tlirbu"h the !
items which made up the $5,000,000, of the tiuar- ;
termaster's accounts. My not attempting to in- i
Vestigate the items was very reasonable, when I
gentlemen of the Military Committee announced ,
to the House that they liad tried to obtain them,
but had failed. I
_Mr. KVAN.S, I v, ill now quote some remarks
of the honorable gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
iJvYi.i,] chairman of (he Committee of Ways and 1
Means ot the last Congress. And 1 read from Hie 1
.Congressional Globe, second session Thirty-first .
Congress, page 734. Mr. Bayly states:
"in irl.uioii to the i.'niarks of the sj.niileuidii from Mary-
huiii [Mr. 4,\i. ] i may siy, mi, that tins matter of:
hummed infinity Ii<i  proved a <k\ul jailure. '['he bf.tthng ,
ut th<*><<! mounted rifle.-, and other mounted infantry 1'orces, t
to Oiegou iiiid (.'alHnriiiUj ha-^ bem 111 the mam the cause
of Tins £rc<u \\t)-Midmire. and of which there has justly b* n ■
s-o much complaint made in this House, it is these'thnigs :
winch the pH^euuiead or'the War Department is trying (as '
I r.lir>\vfd tin- mommy) to con Oct."
Thus it appears from the remarks oi' the gen-
tlemau from Virginia, [Mr. Bayly,] that one 1
of the main causes of ihe increased expendituie ;
m the Quartermaster's department lias been the '
sending oi these very n/^njen ro Oregon and Caii- i
forma. Tiu1 i^.itlenien thauf^nomice the expendi- '
ture msisi, upon a rep^tkiou o*r 1 je cnuse of the ex-
jjensr. They v.mr ijjat restored \rhi-jh led to the
: ness, and want of economy in that department.
| He says:
' " ft is probable, however, tbatj in somft instances,^#4
expenditures, both of the Quartermaster and Commissary
departments, may have been increased by nsaS administra-
tion. The transactions of botli these departments involve
such a variety of details, and their agents are bo i&r removed
from the supervision of their chiefs, that abuses may exist
a long time before they are discovered. Every effort, how-
ever, has been used to detect these abuses and to prevent
their recurrence. Inspectors have been sent to the frontiers
to inquire into the manner m which the afi'airs of these
departments are administered, and a riyid scrutiny into
accounts has been ordered. I regret to say that the Depart-
ment has some reason to fear that its apprehensions on this
subject were not altogether without foundation.55
Mr. EVANS. I am perfectly willing' that what
the gentleman has quoted shall be inserted in my
speech. It is impossible for us to evade the respon-
sibility of our position. We have to defend these
people. The people of Oregon, NewMexico, and
California must be defended, and we must observe
the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo, and prevent these
predatory Indiana from making incursions into
the Republic of Mexico. It is our bounden duty,
and it should be our prid-e, to maintain good faith
with all nations. But we must not seek to make
the defence, and at the same time to £et rid of the
expenditure. I will return a single moment to the
subject of the raising of these mounted riflemen.
I want thoroughly to vindicate the Secretary of
War in this matter. And I now assert, that this
regiment never was in Oregon as a regiment;
portions of it were in California from the begin-
ning. If, then, tiie Secretary violated his duty
i and disobeyed the dictates of the law in witJi-
j drawing the portion stationed m Oregon, what is
| to be thought of the conduct of those who were in
| power when the act passed, kjew the intentions
i of Congress upon the subject, and yet foiled to
send the regiment to its intended destination ?
i But f shall show that the Secretary is not to he
[ blamed for the withdrawal of the uoops, for he
' was induced to withdraw them on the represen-
; inuons of the Delegate from Oregon himsdf. In
: the debates upon this floor, in the last Congress,
( it was stated thru these troops were unnecessary
in Oregon and California. I wish to vindicate
i the Secretary of War. I will go further, and
| promise to vindicate him to the full satisfaction of
| the Iiouse. I do not want to do it by way of
sophistical argument. I might thus, perhaps, im-
j pose upon those who did not pay strict attention
| to the fallacious reasoning, but I will vindicate
! him by letting every gentleman see the facts. I
] will moke the act itself for the raising the regiment
I of mounted riflemen, vindicate the Secretary of
| War. The Secretary of War, I venture to as-
j serf, cannot find out from the act that a mounted
] regiment is to be raised and stationed in Oregon,
1 I venture to say tluit the act has been altogether
| misconceived. But some gentlemen thought the
; Secretary should have consulted the Congression-
j ai Globe. I will ask if any gentleman is hound to
| ra.jsack the Congressionalwdebates to ascertain
j what is meont by any act of Congress? The act
I snould interpret itself. Do the courts of justice
. make examinations of the Congressional "Globe
: in order to find out the meaning of ambiguous
| statutes? Does any gentleman quote the debate*
! in the -Supreme Court of the United States—or in
, the circuit or district courts of the United States'
; Un, sir. The debates have been quoted only on
j the stump, before the people. That is the nlace
j tor them-—before those who make the makers or
| the law**, and not before those who administer
1 the laws.
i ^ Having sttited thvs much by preface, I come to
the act. The title of the is.
| 4i .An Act to provid
rjJh'inen, arid for < t-'sb
i to Oregon
iot rai-ing a regiment of mounted
-hint.' miJitary stations on the route
'Clid !'1:
luvinj>
iv.iv •
CO U!
hi" it
m
the 'i
.M,
m h:r-
Uivy u-.jo'.ifitt-
aytiu-nt of the
ores"
•- Hou-
s e f' ■
is--eJf in
f do in
e mu<;h !
the extravagance
money. Such a
*\ur one,
to my '
mtef d to oceuoy
men v
altitude
. GORMAN. Tfie^
s one cf the cau?t
j'e.fi.
'* a uoc.mient i
us zrom tne fernery of Oregon. I do not !|
W... ... ,• .-J.,;, -n„, ,ilfc hoiu-vAblc Dels- i'
'fy of Wnr states
fur '';■" exiraor-
dir.ary KX;ieii(![tiTe in the Cluartinnastev's* depart-
iiieut, iha; u^-ehavj heengreatI'naius committed,
tn'iinhere hen  j-ra ^>ravagance, reckless- '
Is'dtt', hen; are Hvo distinct parts to this title.as
there are two distinct parts to the body of the aci
itself, as ! sha". show pieseutly. It v.-as niccssary
that theit should be two siich p trts, it! order prop-
erly to characterize the contents of the oil); bur
t.iere .no ^C'-x-.'vy connection between them-
the same hill i..i~ht hd\e con'oined provisioi:s for
r,^uien ior \Irone, or 'i'ra, or ,-'uy wi,-. e, anu
tne oihtr " ^Military stations on !:;e loute to
nrr-gnn." Sach might have been the intention of
Congress; and if our bill; are to be inte.-fretcd
upon such a principle a?i this, we sh-'d have'some
strange adjudications with regard to many of ti.ern:
for the most incongruous, or only .seemingly cor-
