1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
229*
much better than I do. I shall vote for the ap-
propriation.
Mr. BADGER. One word in reply to the ob-
servations of my colleague. He says my propo-
sition is supported on the idea that Congress will
not do its duty, and intimates that perhaps we
may understand Congress better than hedoes. I
appeal to my colleague if this very case does not
prove that Congress will not do its duty while that
bridge stands I For the last ten years it has been
as apparent as it is now, that it is a nuisance. It
is not only apparent that it is an obstruction to the
navigation of the river, but that it is creating a
permanent nuisance both to the city of Washing-
ton and that of Georgetown; and yet no move-
ment has been made to take it down, and erect a
new one, We have never heard of any disposi-
tion, on the part of Congress, to get rid of this
old bridge, and put up a new one, until the disas-
ter to it by the late flood.
One word, now, with regard to the people who
are interested in this bridge. The people on the
Virginia shore, below Alexandria, usually come
up the river by the boats. They do not drive up
from Alexandria to the other 'end of the Long
Bridge, for the purpose of passing over it; and the
people above Georgetown cross there. If I un-
derstand the matter correctly, therefore, there are
only some two or three farms lying between
Georgetown and Alexandria who are interested
in this matter.
Mr. HUNTER. Will the Senator from North
Carolina allow me to correct him as to a matter of
fact?
Mr. BADGER. Certainly. I shall be very
glad to do so.
Mr. HUNTER. I understand there is a ferry
now at the breach made in the bridge, and that it
is very convenient to people passing, and the loss
of it would be greatly felt.
Mr. BADGER. 1 am glad to hear it. Nothing
will be more easy when the causeway is removed
than to extend the ferry across the river.
Mr. BRADBURY. That cannot be done, be-
cause there is shoal water there.
Mr. BADGER. And it will be still more so if
you keep the bridge there.
Mr. MANGUM. I will answer the inquiry of
my colleague. I am of the opinion that Congress
does a vast deal more than its duty in the way of
talking. Sir, by way of evincing my sincerity
upon this occasion, if any gentleman will take the
trouble of preparing an amendment, 1 will vote
for an appropriation of §100,000 in this bill, to be
put under the direction of the President, with the
assistance of the best engineers, for the purpose
of constructing a bridge that will be respectable,
durable, and every way appropriate for this place;
but at the same time I also desire to vote for tem-
porary repairs to the present bridge. Every gen-
tleman who has gone to market must have be-
come acquainted with the enhancement of the
price of provisions, occasioned by the want of a
proper communication with the Virginia shore.
As far as I am informed, I think the entire popu-
lation of the city desire the temporary reconstruc-
tion of this bridge. As to Georgetown, I have a
very great respect for her rights; but I have no
respect for these little collisions, arising out of the
desire to have a bridge, one end of which is to be
in Georgetown instead of in Washington. I
would be regulated Upon that matter by the intelli-
gence and reports of able engineers under the
President, considering all the interests of the Dis-
trict. I say again, if any gentleman will make
the proposition, I will vote for $100,000 for the
construction of a new bridge, but at the same time
I desire to see the present one temporarily re-
paired.
Mr. BRIGHT. The considerations that are to
govern the vote of Senators appear to be narrowed
down to the single point that the price of market-
ing will be cheapened in this city, with a popula-
tion of about 40,000, by the repair of this bridge.
Mr. MANGUM. Not at all. There are other
objections which are not mentioned.
Mr. BRIGHT. Mr. President, Senators seem
to forget that Georgetown is as much within the
limits of this District as Washington city, and
that Congress is the only legislative tribunal her
citizens can appeal to for the protection of their
political rights. Georgetown, with her popula-
tion of eight or ten thousand inhabitants, repre-
sents, in the most imposing form, (as appears
from the proceedings of a public meeting, read at
your desk this morning,) that for years she has
suffered great inconvenience and injury from the
erection and maintenance of this bridge; that„her
commerce has been cut off, the health of the city
injured—two facts admitted by all who are in-
formed on this subject—and asks you to abate
this nuisance, instead of appropriating money to
continue it.
This petition is met with an opposition on the
part of honorable Senators, based on the ground
that a bridge at this point is necessary for the con-
venience of the traveling public; and particularly
is it desirable on account of the increased price
charged for marketing in Washington when this
bridge is not passable—thus setting up the paltry
consideration of low prices to a population of forty
thousand in Washington, against the commerce,
trade, and health of a city containing eight or ten
thousand inhabitants. This is, in my judgment,
an unjust and an illiberal view of this question,
and one that will do no credit to Congress. The
public convenience does not require the repair of
this structure. Every necessary facility for travel
from this to the Virginia shore, in the direction of
Alexandria, is afforded by the steam-packets that
ply between this city and that point. Perhaps a
few persons, who live between Here and Alexan-
dria, would be subjected to some inconvenience
by the removal of this bridge; but they are few
compared to the entire population of old George-
town . She has a kind of prescriptive right to be
regarded and treated as a part of the city of Wash-
ington, and not to be treated and legislated for as
an alien and stranger. I hope the Long Bridge may
be left to the mercy of the storms, and that Con-
gress will make provision for an iron bridge higher
up the stream, and not waste more money on this
old dilapidated structure.
Mr. SHIELDS. I desire to state a fact—not to
make a speech. I do not care how the vote goes,
but I wish to do justice to myself and to the Dis-
trict. If you remove this bridge, you cannot run
a ferry-boat. When gentlemen are speaking of
this thing, they ought to know a little about the
facts, for I find that they are at a great discount.
I will merely mention—not that there will be any
respect paid to it, of course—that if you will re-
move the bridge, you will not be able to cross the
river, except at high water, with a ferry-boat, and
thus you will cut off all communication with the
Virginia shore.
Mr. BRADBURY. I will state another fact.
The bridge was placed in its present location be-
cause the flats were there before it was located.
Gentlemen seem to suppose that there is water
enough to spread over the whole surface of the
river, a mile wide, and that by removing the
bridge they will have deep water over the whole
surface. They should understand that the remo-
val of the bridge will not remove the flats. They
were there before, and are only brought out a little
more prominently, and will ultimately make an
island there. In 1818, General Jones, who was
with the committee in the examination of the va-
rious sites for a bridge, stated that there were flats
there on which grass was growing.
Now, the bridge may operate in some slight de-
gree to increase the deposit there, but if you re-
move the causeway, the accumulation will still go
on, because there is not water enough to spread
over the whole surface, and being shoal will still
be slack in that part of the river. Originally, the
flats might have varied somewhat, in location, but
the removal of the structure will not remove the
difficulty. The only remedy is to bring those
flats out of the water high enough to make dry
land of them, leaving the two channels near the
shores of the river as they now are. An estimate
of the cost of doing this could enable us to deter-
mine whether it would cost more than the removal
of the causeway.
The honorable Senator from Indiana seems to
suppose that the health of the people of Georgetown
is greatly affected by this bridge. That is certainly
something new. If hewilllook atthe petitions pre-
sented, he will find that that consideration was not
very much relied upon before the committee as a
cause of complaint. The great complaint is the
obstruction to the commerce of the port, arising
from the inconvenience of passing the draws of the
bridge, and thefillingupoftheriver. They attribute
the decline of their commerce to these causes alone.
But it is only necessary to look at the commerce of
Alexandria, as an illustration that other causes
must have produced a part of it. Now, shall we
undertaketo remove this structure without any es-
timate of the cost ? ■
Mr. BRIGHT. If the statement I made be not
true, the resolutions of the city of Georgetown arte
Mr. BRADBURY. I can only say that such
facts were not prominently urged before the Com-
mittee on the District'of Columbia when they had
the subject under consideration. But will we, upon
an appropriation bill almost at the last hour of the
session, undertake to decide such a question as is
now presentedIt appears to me, that before we
make the decision to appropriate iarge sums for
such an object, or for new structures elsewhere,
we ought to have more evidence—we oughtto con-
sider it with all the facts before us, rather than in
the haste with which we must decide at this time.
The question on Mr. Badger's amendment to
the amendment was taken by yeas and nays, and
resulted—yeas 23, nays 27; as follows:
YRAS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Bell, Borland, Bright,
Brodhead, Brooke, Dawson, Fish, Pont, Geyer, Hale, Jones
of Tennessee, Meriwether, Morton, Pratt, Seward, Smith,
Spruance, Sumner, Underwood, Upftam, and Wade—23.
NA YS—Messrs. Adams, Bayard, Bradbury, Cass, Charl-
ton, Chase, Clarke, Cooper, Davis, De Saaasure, Dodge of
Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Downs, Feicii, Gwin, Hamlin,
Houston, Hunter, King, Mariguin, Mason, Pearce, Busk,
Shields, Soul<5, Walker, and Weller—97.
So the amendment to the amendment was reject-
ed.
Mr. SHIELDS. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out " 18,"and inserting " 12,"
and inserting the word " temporary" before " re-
pairs," so as to make the appropriation for the
temporary repairs of the Potomac bridge, $32,000.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
Mr. BADGER. I hope, if the Senate will not
vote for removing the obstruction, because they
are not yet prepared to determine whether it is a
nuisance, they will at least appropriate no money
to patch it up. 1 ask for the yeas and nays upon
the amendment of the committee.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and being
taken, resulted—yeas 19, nays 28; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bradbury, Chase, Clarke,Cooper, Davis,
DeSaussure, Dodge of Iowa, Downs, Gwm, Hunter, King,
Mangmn, Mason, I'earee, Rusk, Shields, Soul6, Sumner,
and Weller—19
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Atchison, Badger, Bayard, Bor-
land, Bright, Brodhead, Brooke, Cass, Charlton. Daiyson,
Dodge ofWinconsin, Felch, Fish, Foot,Geyer, Hale, James,
Jones of Tennessee, Meriwether, Morton, Pratt, Seward,
Smith, Spruance, Underwood, Wade, and Walker—28.
So the amendment was rejected.
The next amendment of the committee was to
insert:
" For compensation of four draw-kcepprs, and for fuel
and oil for the lamps of the Potomac bridge, 42,752."
Mr. SHIELDS. I suppose that may as well
go with the previous amendments. There is no
use of keeping the draw-keepers, as the bridge is
not to be repaired.
The amendment was not agreed to.
After the decision of the Chair that the amend-
ment was rejected,
Mr. BROOKE said: I have been informed that
the draw-keepers are as necessary now as before
a part of the bridge was washed away, and that
it is necessary to keep the lights there.
The PRESIDENT. The question will come
up again when the bill shall have been reported to
the Senate.
The next amendment of the committee was to
strike out of the clause providing for the repairs
of the two bridges over the Eastern Branch of the
Potomac, the words:
"And that the hndgps across the Potomac and (he Eastern
Branch thereof, be surrendered to the authorities of the Dis-
tinct ol Columbia."
Mr. SHIELDS. I would suggest to the chair-
man of the Committee on Finance, that the object
of this provision is to give the jurisdiction over the
bridges to the authorities, for the purpose of their
better protection. 1 believe there are no corporate
authorities of the District.
Mr. HUNTER. I give it up to the Senator,
who has examined the subject.
Mr. SHIELDS. I therefore move to insert
" Washington" instead of " the District of Col-
umbia." The object, I understand, was to give
the bridges some protection and prevent them be-
ing injured by idle and malicious persons.
