2298
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 23,
Mr. PRATT. I hope^ the amendment of the
committee will beagreea to. It will be recollected
by the Senate, that the bridges across the Eastern
Branch of the Potomac, which connect the State of
Maryland withtheDistrictof Columbia—or rather
the two parts of-the District together, because the
other side is in the District of Columbia too—and
which afford the people of Maryland the only oppor-
tunity they have of crossing for the purpose of mar-
keting in the District, and the only access, indeed,
to the District—were bought by the Government of
the United States, and made free bridges. Now,
if the jurisdiction over them should be transferred
to the corporate authorities of Washington city,
they might propose to raise a revenue from them.
They might propose to reestablish tolls upon them.
They would have the power to do so, and there-
fore, the great object which the Federal Govern-
ment had in view by connecting the two parts of
the District together so that the people of one part
would not be charged for going to the other part,
would be annulled entirely. The advantages de-
rived from large expenditures of money would be
lost if the jurisdiction were transferred to the cor-
porate authority of Wash ington city; for they might
make them a source of revenue by reestablishing
the tolls. The bridges are kept in a very good
condition, they are in excellent repair, and the
people m the one part of the District are able to
go from one side to the other without any cost to
themselvevs.
Mr. MANGUM. I will suggest to the Senator
from Illinois to add to his amendment, " and still
to continue and remain free bridges."
Mr. SHIELDS. I will withdraw my amend-
ment.
The amendment of the committee was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was in
the following clause:
" For «alaries and incidental expense? of the Commis-
sion appointed under ihe act of March 3, 1851, for setting
land claims in California, ^50,000: Provided, That said
Board he authorized to appoint and employ one secretary
and two clerks, in lieu of the number provided for in the
above recited act;"
—to strike out " two," and insert " three," and
add to the clause the following:
Whose annual compensation shall be $-2,500.
Mr. HUNTER. There were formerly five
clerks, who were allowed each §1,500 as a com-
pensation, wluchjwas not sufficient. It is proposed
to reduce the number of clerks, and have three at
a compensation of $2,500 each.
The PRESIDENT. The amendment increases
the number.
Mr. HUNTER. I mean the existing law pro-
vides for five. The House of Representatives
struck it down to two. The Committee on Fi-
nance propose to have three, whose salaries shall
be $2,500.
The PRESIDENT. Is the proposition to give
each clerk $2,500 ?
Mr. HUNTER. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDENT. Then it will be necessary
to add "each" after $2,500," otherwise the
gross amount will be divided among the three.
Mr. HUNTER. I move to amend the amend-
ment by inserting " each " after " §2,500."
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to; and the amendment as amended was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was in
the clause—
"To supply the deficiency in the fund for the relief of
sick and disabled seamen, {$100,GOD;1'
—to insert 44 two," instead of "one," so as to
make the appropriation $200,000.
Mr. HUNTER. This was the sum estimated
for, and usually appropriated. The Department
stated that it was necessary.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
strike out of the clause making an appropriation
to enable the Clerk of the House of Representa-
tives to deliver to each member such books as he
was entitled to under a resolution of the House,
the following:
Provided, That report shall be made in detail at the
commencement of the next session ofCongress, of the mode
and manner of purchase of these books, and whence they
were obtained."
Mr. ADAMS. I hope the Senate will not agree
to that amendment. It proposes to strike out a
provision adopted by the House of Representa-
tives to regulate their own officers, which only
requires that the Clerk, who purchases the books,
shall render an account of how he came by them,
and what he gave for them. If any man has an
objection to that, I do not see what it can be.
Mr. BRIGHT. The committee ""recommend
the striking out of the proviso, for the reason that
it is the first time, in the history of the Govern-
ment, that ever such an imputation has been thrown
upon an officer of the other House, and upon be-
ing advised that it had been inadvertently placed
there. 1 hope the amendment will be agreed to.
Mr. HALE. I do not think that this proviso
was put in inadvertently. It is a restriction that
the House have imposed, themselves, upon their
own officers, for furnishing their own members
with books. To show that it was not inadvertent,
I think, if the public papers may be relied upon,
there was a provision mooted at one time in the
House, not very long ago, to prevent the very
thing aimed atin this proviso, by which the Clerk,
where he furnished a member with the books pro-
vided for by the clause which contains this pro- !
viso, should be obliged to stamp his name in some 1
enduring: and ineffaceable manner upon each book,
so that it might be known that it was one that had
been furnished by the House, under the law, and
might not be brought into the market again to be
the subject of speculation, without the House
knowing it. Now, the House know themselves
and their officers a great deal better than we do,
and if they have thought that this sort of self-de-
nying ordinance was necessary for the proper ad-
ministration of the book fund, I do not think it
becomes us to tell them that they do not need it,
and I therefore hope we will let it remain in the
bill.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. There is another reason
why the proviso ought to be retained. Since we
have been in the habit of distributing books among
ourselves, and paying for them out of the public
Treasury, there has been a charge of this sort
madeagainstSenators and Representatives too 
A Senator. Senators?
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Yes, sir; Senators and
Representatives too—that they have received the
books sometimes,and sold them, and pocketed the
money, and thus indirectly obtained money of
the Treasury to swell their emoluments—selling
those books instead of using them or giving them
to libraries. I want the source whence they are
obtained accounted for, to show that no disgraceful
transaction of that sort falls either upon members
of the Senate, or of the House. If you require a
statement as to the manner in which the books are
obtained, it will show that we are not guilty of
the things that have been imputed. I hope, there-
fore, that the proviso will be retained.
Mr. BADGER. I hope the amendment of the
committee will obtain the sanction of the Senate,
and that the proviso will be stricken out, not be-
cause 1 am opposed to its object, but because it is
perfectly competent for the House of Representa-
tives to accomplish it by a rule or order of their
own. It is now introducing into the joint legisla-
tion of Congress a subject in regard to which the
House has power to regulate its own rules and
officers. The next thing will be a proposition
from the House that our officers shall make re-
ports under law, and not under a rule of the Sen-
ate, which if we could well resist, after having
given our consent to this joint resolution in regard
to them, I am at a loss to know upon what ground
it would be done. I think we had better stop the
business at the beginning.
Mr. BRIGHT^ I take the same view of the
subject as the Senator from North Carolina. It
is attaching too much consequence to a thing of
this kind to give it the forms of solemn legislation,
when the House can by a simple rule regulate the
evil at any time without the aid and cooperation of
the Senate. For that reason the Committee on Fi-
nance unanimously, X believe, recommended the
striking out of the proviso.
Mr. BORLAND. I desire to state why I shall
vote against the amendment proposed by the
Committee on Finance. The House of Repre-
sentatives have sent us a bill in which, for reasons
sufficient for themselves, they have prescribed a
check for the government of their own officers,
and they simply ask us to permit them, by the
terms of the law, to control the action of those offi-
cers. If the Senate were to adopt such a provis-
ion in a bill with regard to their officers and send
it to the House, I apprehend we should think it
strange if the House were to interfere with it and
undertake to prevent our placing this check upon
them. I do not know anything about the object
which the House had in view, or the motives
which actuated them. I simply find that they have
deliberately put in this appropriation bill a check
upon the action of their administrative officers,
and I do not feel at liberty to thwart them in their
purpose, whatever may be the object desired. It
is competent for them to do it, and I shall sustain
their action.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I now move to strike
out the whole clause making an allowance for the
purchase of the books, to test the sense of the
Senate upon the subject.
The PRESIDENT. That will not be in order
until all the amendments of the committee have
been gone through with. It will then be in order
to move to amend any portion of the bill.
The next amendment of the committee was to
insert the words in italics in the following clause,
which had been left blank by the House of Rep-
resentatives:
" For establishing the branch of the United States Mint
at San Francisco, California, m accordance with the pro-
visions of the law approved the-third day of July, onv thou-
sand eight hundred and fifty-two, the sum of §3i)0,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was in
the second section of the bill, which relates to the
compensation of the clerks and others, to add after
the words " all whose annual compensation does
not exceed $1,200, shall, in addition thereto, be al-
lowed an increased compensation of twenty per
cent.," the words:
" Alt whose annual compensation exceeds $1,200, and is
less than $2,000, shall receive an increased compensation
often per cent., and those whose salaries cxcccd $3,000
shall receive an additional compensation of five per cent.'5
Mr. SHIELDS. The same necessity that ex-
ists for an increase of salary in the Departments
exists in relation to the arsenals and navy-yards.
I will ask whether it is competent to extend the
provision to them ?
The PRESIDENT. Certainly; the Senator
can move to amend the amendment.
Mr. SHIELDS. Then I move to insert in the
beginning of the section after the words "exec-
utive and legislative departments of the Govern-
ment"- 
The PRESIDENT. That will not be in order
now, because the amendment of the committee is
in another part of the section.
Mr. HUNTER. There was an inadvertency
in drawing up this amendment. It provides that
" those whose salaries exceed $2,000 shall receive
an additional compensation of five per cent.;" but
there is no provision for those whose salaries are
$2,000. I move to amend the amendment by in-
serting " amount to or," between " salaries" and
" exceed."
The amendment was agreed to; and the amend-
ment as amended was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
insert the words in italics in the following clause
of the same section:
" ProvidedThat this section shall not extend to more
than one salary of any person receiving a salary for dis-
charging the duties of more than one office at the same
time."
Mr. HUNTER. There are some persons who
receive salaries as clerks and have additional sala-
ries as superintendents of public buildings.
It was thought by the committee that they were
as much entitled to the increase on one salary as
any of the others, but not on both. The propo-
sition is to give the increase on one salary, and
not on the other.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to postpone the further
consideration of the bill until to-morrow, for the
purpose of taking up the river and harbor bill.
The motion was agreed to.
EVENING SESSIONS.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I move to take up for
consideration the resolution which I submitted the
other day, providing for a recess from four to
seven o'clock each day. I perceived very clearly
that unless we pass this resolution to give gentle-
men an opportunity to discuss the various sub-
jects which are to be submitted for our considera-
tion, in relation, even, to the civil and diplomatic
