185*2.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1453
say that ihe people of that Territory cannot take
care of thetn&eives?
Mr. SIBLEY. I will say, in regard to that
matter, that if the Government will grant U3 one
half of what it costs to support the Army on the
northwestern frontier, small as it is, we will take
care of ourselves against any and all enemies,
without other cost to the Government.
Mr. BROOKS. That may be—and the like
may be said of many other parts of the United
States. But this Government has ceased to be a
landholder, by giving away all its lands to actual
settlers in the Temtory of Minnesota. Besides,
Minnesota will have nothing to complain of us,
if, as she is asking at this moment, and right-
fully, I think, we expend \ery laige sums of
money to extinguish the Indian titles 10 the lands
within her borders, and in the ratification of nu-
merous Indian treaties. Indeed, a Federal Gov-
ernment is acting with amazing liberality, if she
extinguishes in Minnesota, and atgreat cost, titles
to millions of acres of public lands, and then votes
them all away to actual settlers. W e have ceased,
therefoie, or are ceasing, perhaps I should say, to
be a great landholder in Minnesota, or in any
other part of the Union; and if we aie more cau-
tious than usual, therefore, in making roads, or
in otherwise voting money from the Treasury to
raise the value of these lands in the Territories,
we must be pardoned now for this excess of cau-
tion. It is ume to begin to look upon all these
roads as a system of internal improvements, and
to decide whether we shall go into it in Oregon
or Minnesota, without extending it to other parts
of the Umon. Minnesota is a rapidly rising Ter-
ritory, soon to be a State of the Union, and I am
reluctant to see her have all she wants now as a
Territory—five or six pretty long roads, as here
intended, and when this Territory comes in as a
State, ha"\c htr tuin around, snap her lingers at
the old States and oppose the whole system of in-
ternal improvements as unconstitutional or waste-
ful. If the system is right in Minnesota, it is
right elsewhere and everywhere, and if it is wrong
elsewhere, it is wrong there; and hence, here at
this starting point, we should settle whether or
not internal improvement is alive or a dead sys-
tem. I have nothing to say now on either side,
pro or con, but what I do want is for the House to
see what it is doing, and establish, or refuse to
establish apiecedent.
• Now, as regards this road from Mendota, on
the Mississippi, to the mouth of the Big Sioux,
on the Missouri, I beg the attention of the House
to the fact that it is an appropriation for a survey
($5,000)—an appropriation additional to $5,000
voted for a survey in the last Congiess, and that,
therefore, it is a new road that Congress is now
called upon to establish, the very survey of which
costs $10,000. The colonel of ihe topographical
corps, as if to open our eyes to the fact that it
was no military road, remarks " the (surveying)
party will beitself its own escort, as ihe Indians are
not troublesome hi that region.*5 Hence the remark
of the Delegate from Minnesota about warlike
tribes of Indians in Minnesota, is here of no ac-
count. If that be so, a military road can only be
necessary for the transportation of supplies; and
if we once begin to establish roads merely for
transportation of supplies, where shall we stop.
A like military road is needed in Missouri, in
Texas, or Arkansas, for the like transportation of
supplies for the troops stationed in those quarters.
And hence we should begin at once the making of
roads generally for the transportation of supplies.
In the eighteenth and nineteenth lines of the
bill, Mr. Chairman, is this item of $5,000 for the
survey of a military road from Mendota to the
mouth of the Big Sioux river. Theitemis a very
innocent and a very small appropriation upon the
face of it: but let the House look at it, and ponder
upon it. Last Congress, upon the motion of the
gentleman from Minnesota, [Mr. Sibley,] $5,000
was given for the survey of this road, and given
without any estimate from a responsible quarter.
The War Deportment comes to you uowand says
that *>5.000 will not begin to make the survey, and
that you must give at least ^5,000 more: and that
sum is rnsei ted in this bill upon the estimate of
the War Deportment—an estimate forced nowby
an appropriation made m the last Congiess with-
out any estimate whatsoever. How long do you
think this road is, Mr. Chairman? Forty or fifty
miles? Perhaps a hundred, or a hundred and
fifty? No; it is a road two hundred and sixty
miles long, and $10,000 is asked for its survey;
but the amount it will cost, the War Department
cannot even guess, much less know. The gen-
tleman from Minnesota himself does not know,
and it is impossible for this House to guess at it
with any certainty. We vote altogether in the
dark.
Mr. SIBLEY. The gentleman will allow me
to present one fact. I have been over much of
the Indian country through which this road will
pass. It is for the most part a prairie country,
and the cost of a road through it will be much less
than through woodland. In a military point of
view this proposed road is of great importance,
because in case of trouble with the powerful tribe
of Dakotas or Sioux, which may or may not arise
hereafter, the troops would be enabled "to march
with their munitions of war directly into the fast-
nesses occupied by these Indians, and bring them
to terms without running the hazard of inflicting
upon the frontier the horrors of savage warfare.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Brooks] is
greatly mistaken in his estimate of the chaiac-
ter of the wild tribes of the prairie, and of their
means of offense.
Mr. BROOKS. I do not wish to be misunder-
stood upon this subject by the Delegate fioru
Minnesota, [Mr. Sibley,] or the Delegate from
Oregon, [Mr. Lane.] I did not rise to make war
upon any necessary appropriations for these Ter-
ritories, nor do I mean to he so understood. I
am not hostile to the new States or the Territories,
but I wish equal and exact justice to be done to
all portions of this country, and it is time now to
settle what that equality and justice are. It will
not be right or wise for us to rear up new Terri-
tories into States by supplying all their wants and
all their demands, upon one set of principles, and
then when they are made States by our gener-
ous appropriations, to have their Senators in the
other branch of Congress, and their members upon
the floor of this House, rise here and oppose the
whole set of principles upon which they have been
,, reared as unconstitutional, wild, or extravagant,
i I Now, there are five roads included in this Minne-
sota bill, the cost of which no man knows, and
the length of one of which is two hundred and
sixty miles; and to make the roads rightfully and
properly, I have no doubt that over a quarter of a
million of dollars would be indispensably neces-
sary. Well, if the House choose to begin to ap-
propriate such sums with a view to some general
system, and these appropriations are to be con-
sidered as a part and parcel of that general system,
why let us say eo—but if not, it is time to stop
where we are—to rescue territorial road bills from
the Committee on Roads and Canals, and to con-
sign them to the Army bill, or to the Military
Committee, who can certify to us whether they
are necessary for war purposes or not.
Mr. TUCK. I have too much regard to the
dispatch of business in this House, to detain the
committee long with any remarks of my own upon
this bill. I will take occasion, however, to say,
that I think the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Brooks] places unfair obstacles in the way of the
passage of this bill, by attempting to hold every
man who shall vote for it, committed to the policy
of a general system of internal improvements.
Now, the two great parties in the country have
been, to a great extent, divided on the question of
internal improvements. But the two parties have
not been divided upon the policy or constitution-
ality of territorial appropriations, like the one
now under consideration. Such appropriations
have been made in past years for all the Territo-
ries, equally under Whig and Democratic admin-
istrations, and been supported by the masses of
both parties, without its ever having been alleged,
that those who voted for them, thereby abandoned
their party positions. It is extraordinary, and I
think wrong, now to impede and endanger this
bill, by attempting to array a political party
against it.
"I understood the gentleman from Alabama [Mr.
Houston] to say that he adopted the views sug-
gested by the gentleman from New "\oik, [Mr.
Brooks.] Now, I will say to the gentleman from
Alabama, that if he sits himself up as such a
Simon Pure Democrat, and so committed against
internal improvements, that he will not even vote
anything for roads m the Territories, he adopts a
standard never set up by his Democratic prede-
cessors, and not likely to be set tip by his party
friends at the present time. To discard the making
of appropriations for military and other necessary
roads in the Territories, will be turning over a
new leaf in the history of the Democratic party,
and will be writing a page of their history quite
novel, and certainly in contradiction of their past
conduct. But wishing to hasten action, I will say
no more.
Mr. VENABLE. It is with much reluctance
that I vote against any allowance asked from this
Government for the benefit of a Territory. But
the question now presented involves the great
principle of the system of internal improvement.
It points to opening the doors of the Treasury for
the purpose of supplying every demand which
may be made upon us by any Territory placed
undc-r our care. If the principle be fixed; if, by
our legislation, it be settled that there is a general
power in this Government to make roads, to make
internal improvements of any kind, you may con-
struct railroads and canals. Why, sir, I do not
see any limit to the amount of money which is to
be taken from the public Treasury for such pur-
poses.
But the gentleman from New Hampshire [Mr,
Tuck] says, should we deny the propriety of such
appropriations, we shall have to turn over a new
leaf in the history of the Democratic party. But
I do not regard it as a party question. I regard it
asaquestion springing from the Constitution,and
I never, at any time, take my view of the Consti-
tution from the construction which any party may
place upon it. I regret very much to see that there
are gentlemen belonging to the Democratic party
who have voted for log-rolling river and harbor
bills, who have gone to any extent that gentlemen
upon the other side of this House have gone upon
the subject of internal improvements, and I charge
it as a departure from the old doctiine of that
party: and if the gentleman from New Hampshire
[Mr. Tuck] will put himself to the trouble to re-
view those doctrines, as illustrated by Mr. Madi-
son and others of the Republican party, he will
find that I am not alone; and that he, instead of
turning over a new leaf, has only failed to turn
over a very old leaf; and that he has only failed to
go back to the opinions of the fatheis of the repub-
lican doctrines of this country. I have never felt
myself bound by party lines upon this subject;
but I here say again, that I deeply regret that the
Democratic, or Republican party, (which was a
much better name than the Democratic party, and
I regret that the name was ever changed,) that the
doctrines of the Republican party, since the days
of Mr. Madison, seem to have changed.
If the gentleman will take the pains to go back
to the discussions, immediately after the adoption
of the Constitution, he will find that Mr. Madi-
son, who was a member of the convention which
adopted the Constitution of the United States, went
into the first Congress, and there declared, when
the question was brought before that body, as to the
location of the district in which the seat of Gov-
ernment was to be placed, that the General Gov-
ernment would not have the right to clear out the
Susquehanna river, or to make a harbor at Havre de
Grace, without the consent of the States of Penn-
sylvania and Maryland, and that this consent
ought to be obtained before any steps were taken
for the location of the seat of Government. The
selection of this District put an end to the question;
but the construction of the Constitution in relation
to this power was distinctly declared. The dis-
trict selected was to be a Temtory, under territo-
rial government, recognized by the Constitution,
and placed under the exclusive legislation of Con-
gress.
These were the doctrines of Mr. Madison when
he had just come from the convention which
adopted the Constitution of the United States, and
became a member of the Fiist Congiess. He did
not feel it was so clear that this Government had
a right to make internal nnpiovements—the right
to make appropriations fiom the Treasury for the
purpose of carrying out any scheme of internal
improvement. I take no distinction between a
Territory and a State. I take no distinction be-
tween the right of this Government to make rail-
road?, canals, or other internal improvements in a
Territory or in a State. One difficulty which has
been presented has been its interference with State
sovereignty. If that was all, it could be obviated
by the consent of the State being obtained; but it
