•2800
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 23,
SDectors] provisions of this act for preventing fires are not
complied with, or if any combustible material liable to take
fire from heated iron, or any other heat generated on board
of such vessels in and about the boilers, pipes, or machin-
ery shall be placed at less than eighteen inches distant
from such heated metal or other substance likely to cause
ignition, unless a column of air or water intervenes between
such heated surface and any wood or oiher combustible
material so exposed, sufficient at all times, and under all
circumstances, to prevent ignition; and further, when wood
is so exposed to ignition, as an additional preventive, it
shall be shielded by some incombustible material in such
manner as to leave the air to circulate freely between such
material and the wood. Provided, kotvever, [If] that when
the structure of such steamers [navigating rivers only be]
is such, or the arrangement of the boilers or machinery [be]
is such that the requirements aforesaid cannot, without se-
rious inconvenience or sacrifice, be complied with, inspect-
ors may vary therefrom if, in their judgment, it can be done
with safety.
Mr. BOWNE offered a substitute for the bill.
The SPEAKER. The substitute will be enter-
tained, but cannot be acted upon until the original
bill has been perfected.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I move to
strike out the whole of the second section. I do
so, not because I am prepared to say that I will
oppose the bill, but I received by mail last night a
remonstrance against its passage, signed by a large
number of pilots navigating the western rivers. I
desire that it shall be read as a part of my speech.
They have a right to be heard, and this is the only
means by which I can secure to them that privi-
lege:
To the honorablethe Senate awl House of Representatives
of the United. States of Jlmerua, in Congress assem-
bled:
The undersigned, pilots upon the western rivers, respect-
fully represent unto your honorable body, that, in their opin-
ion, the provision of the bill now before you requiring
pi lota to obtain a license before they can exercise their pro-
fession, will not meet the objects of the Legislature, whilst
it will opeiate sorely upon such as are well qualified to dis-
charge the duties of their said profession. As things now
are, the owners of boats only seek to employ such pilots as
can be relied upon for their skill and prudence, in order to
save their responsibility in case ol accident; but should the
bill now before your honorable body become a law, all that
will be required of them will be to obtain a licensed pilot—
and all experience goes to show that it is not the skillful
and the trustworthy only who obtain license.
Whetelore, respectfully suggesting that the public inter-
ests will be seriously injured by any such law, they beg
leave to remonstrate against the passage of the same.
John Sebastian.
Robert G. Baldwin.
Chailes Sebastian.
Isaac Gaugtl.
Captain Linas Logan.
John Fall.
John Jacobs.
Thomas Addison.
J. J. YVai until.
A. Fleming.
Clias. li.^1. Fall.
J. liryson.
D. J. Pearce.
Coleman W. Stewart.
John Dean.
Edwm W. Larue.
Alexander Frazier.
Jas. Oliver Oamidd.
James II. Madison.
M. Mires.
William Logan.
11. Whitney.
Cincinnati, Ohio, August 14, 1852
My object in moving to strike out this proviso
was simply to allow these pilots an opportunity to
be heard. They are respectable citizens, living
upon the Ohio river, in my district, and they are
engaged in the navigation of the western waters.
I received the memorial late last night, and of
course have had no opportunity of presenting it
until now. Their remonstrance is entitled to con-
sideration and respect.
The question was then taken on Mr. Stanton's
motion, and it was not agieed to.
Mr. IIENN. 1 move to strike out the whole
proviso to the second section. I have only to say
in regard to it, that it seems to put the whole
power in the hands of the inspectors. I think
that ought not to be done.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. I wish to
say only one word in reply to the suggestion of
the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Henn.] What I
say m reply to the first proposition will relate, to
a considerable extent, to various other provisions
of this bill. There is a power of extended char-
acter delegated, or proposed to be delegated, to
inspectors, and it results from the fact that we and
no other Legislature here can provide with cer-
tainty all the details which may be necessary to
secure safety on board the great variety of steam-
ers which they may be called upon to inspect; and
it is necessary in this instance in regard to the
position and proximity of heated iron. It is due
that there should be some discretionary power
left with the inspectors in this as in many other
instances. The details will be observed by the
House as we proceed with the bill. I presume
it will not be the intention of this House, without
having before them the dimensions and peculiar
construction of different steamers upon our west-
ern waters, upon our northern lakes, and our At-
lantic rivers, to prescribe the particulars of dis-
tances, and all the minutise that inspectors can and
ought to provide; and if they are proper men, and
such men as we intend shall be appointed to those
stations, such they will provide.
Mr. HENN. I wish'to say to the gentleman
that if he is willing to apply this power to inspect-
ors, so far as boats hereafter to be built are con-
cerned, I have no objection to the proviso.
Mr. SEYMOUR. It is difficult, such are the
various kinds of boats already constructed and to
be constructed, varying continually, according to
the service to which they are applied, for us here,
by a general sweep of legislation, to prescribe all
this minutiae. I say in this respect, both as it re-
gards boats to be built and as it regards those
which have been built, it is proper, it is just, and
it has met with the almost unanimous approbation
of the committee who have investigated this mat-
ter, that some discretionary power of this charac-
ter should be suffered to remain with the inspector.
If they are proper men—if they seek to do their
duty—the very important duty which is imposed
upon them, as the House will see, by the provis-
ions of this act—all will be right. If they do not
do their duty, there may be a necessity in making
more stringent provisions. We must rely upon
the faithfulness of men in these respects as in any
other. I hope that the proviso will not be stricken
out.
Mr. HAVEN. I think we had better retain the
proviso as it is. The provision by which no com-
bustible material was to be placed within eighteen
inches of the boiler or heated iron, gives rather
larger space than I think is necessary. In my
judgment, we had better trust to the discretion of
the inspectors upon this point.
Mr. EDGERTON. 1 am opposed to this pro-
viso, and for this simple reason: It is incorporated
solely into this bill for the benefit of steamboat
owners, and not out of regard to the lives of pas-
sengers. The proviso is, that every provision of
the bill in relation to the construction of steam-
boats shall be varied when there shall be an in-
convenience to the owners or builders of boats.
That is the whole sum and substance of the proviso,
and it is applied not only to boats now constructed,
but those hereafter to be constructed. Where,
therefore, is the necessity of providing that boats
shall be constructed in the manner specified in this
bill, when you leave the whole question as regards
the safety of the construction to the opinion of the
inspectors ? And whenever they can be satisfied
that the provisions of this bill are a serious incon-
venience, or that a sacrifice will result to the
builders and owners of steamboats unless a modi-
fication of this bill, according to their own opinions,
shall be made, they can build the boats precisely
as they please. Every provision of the bill here
has no regard whatever for the safety of passen-
gers. It is all left entirely with the judgment of
the inspector, and there is, therefore, no necessity
for making these specific provisions. Let this
proviso be stricken out.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I find, on looking into this
bill, that it is a very long one—there being some
fifty pages of printed matter in it. I do not believe
that we can consider and act understandingly upon
a bill of this character in the morning hour during
this session. We have only one week from to-
day, and we might occupy the whole of every
morning hour and not get through with the bill.
I will therefore, with the view of ascertaining what
the feeling of the House is upon this matter, move
to postpone the consideration of this bill until the
second Monday in December next.
Mr. ROBBINS. I call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I would sug-
gest to the gentleman from North Carolina [Mr.
Clingman] to move to refer this to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union. I am of
the same opinion with the gentleman. It is too
important a matter to be acted upon hastily.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I have no objection to
that, if the gentleman would prefer it. I am satis-
fied that, in the short time allowed us, we cannot
examine and perfect this bill. I therefore, if the
gentleman prefers it, substitute the motion made
by him to refer this bill to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. DISNEY. We will never reach it.
Mr. CLINGMAN. If we do not reach it, it
will be because we cannot pass the appropriation
bills, and other bills upon which the majority of
the House prefer to act. If a majority of the
House think that it is more important than other
measures in committee, they can take it up and
act upon it.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. I wish to call
the attention of the gentleman from North Caro-
lina [Mr. Clingman] to the last section of the bill
which provides that so far as the western waters
are concerned—I make use of that term generally,
though there is a particular designation for certain
districts—this bill shall not go into effect until the
1st of January, and that as to all the rest of the
country, it shall not go into effect until the 1st day
of March next. The object of that provision is,
that the people of the western country, who de-
sire very much that this bill should be passed now,
may have an opportunity of adapting their boats
and machinery to meet the requirements of the
bill. They think that they can do it by that time,
and as it does not go into effect in all other parts
of the Union till near the close of the next session
of Congress, ample time is given for future legis-
lation if there is anything m it improper at the
present time. 1 hope that the House will not post-
pone action upon this bill.
Mr. CLINGMAN. The remarks of the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Seymour] satisfy
me of the importance of a new examination of the
system. It is obvious that the committee have
some doubt of its working, and they do not desire
it to take effect immediately. It is not to go into
operation until the middle of January. I think
that we had better take time to consider and per-
fect it.
Mr. CARTTER. I wish to make an inquiry
of the gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr.
Clingman,] and that is, whether it is not just as
convenient to consider the merits and demerits
of this bill to-day, as to postpone it; whether there
is any special reason why we should pass it over?
Mr. CLINGMAN. I do not believe that we
can get through this bill, in the morning hour, this
week; and there is other business which ought to
come up from the committees. You cannot go
through and perfect it, even if there be no debate,
during the morning hour, for this whole week. I
therefore move to commit it to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. HALL. I think it is important that we
should act upon this bill. It is evident that we
cannot act if the debate is to continue; and I there-
fore move the previous question.
Mr. CARTTER. Not yet, I hope.
Mr. SEYMOUR. If the previous question is
sustained, what effect will it have upon the amend-
ments of the committee?
The SPEAKER. It will bring the House to
vote upon the amendments of the committee.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. 1 ask for tell-
ers upon the second to the previous question.
Mr. EDGERTON. I wish to make an inquiry.
If the previous question be sustained, will it cut
off all amendments other than those proposed by
the committee ?
The SPEAKER. All amendments except
those of the committee and the substitute.
Mr. EDGERTON. I stated to the Chair, that
I had some amendments to propose to the bill, and
I understood the Chair to state that they might be
proposed when one section was read.
The SPEAKER. That is certainly true, if the
previous question does not cut them off.
Mr. CARTTER. I rise to a question of
order.
Mr. EDGERTON. I should like to have my
amendments offered before the previous question
is sustained, as they are important in their char-
acter, and ought to be considered by the House.
Mr. CARTTER. Is it in order to demand the
previous question after the House has ordered the
bill to be read by sections for amendments, until
you have closed the reading of the bill?
The SPEAKER. There is no doubt about the
call for the previous question being in order.
Mr. CARTTER. That takes away the right
to have the bill read.
Mr. EDGERTON. I ask that an amendment
which I propose to offer to the fourth section be
read.
It was read, as follows:
Section four, line nine, after the word " persons," add the
following: "having afloat and fender around the gunwale
' inflated with air, and made ot vulcanized India rubber,
£ or some other materia!equally elastic and durable, and as
(capable of containing air, of not less than six inches in
