1454
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 21,
goes beyond, and lies behind it. It is not one of
the powers ceded to this Government by the
charter under which we act; and I would not
oppose any measure for the benefit of the Territo-
ries which may be properly granted—and, whilst
I have been liberal m every v/a.y, and on evory
opportunity, for the interests of that far distant
people, I cannot consent that this measure shall
pass without entering my protest against it, and
against every act of legislation for the purpose of
expending the money of the United States to make
these improvements in the Territories, or else-
where. We have fallen upon evil times. When
a proposition is made here for the donation of the
public lands you find a formidable body rising
up and banding themselves together for the pur-
pose of effecting those appropriations. I find
before this House now, sir, schemes to build rail-
roads in the States. They ask for the construc-
tion of those railroads alternate sections of the
public land on each side of the proposed road—
the selection to be made within twenty miles of the
road*, and if they cannot get the alternate sections I
there, to go thirty miles off to obtain them. It is i
said if you grant these alternate sections for the ■
purpose of constructing roads, the reserved alter- j
nates will be increased in value. That is very j
well; but you give an opportunity to fish for the j
alternate sections many miles on each side. And |
roads passing in the same region find it convenient j
to make the appropriation of all the land, as well j
as to secure all the benefit of the enhanced value. !
One railroad corporation goes on to take alternate !
sections under the grant, and a neighboring cor-
poration, with similar powers, take the alternate
sections left, and all is absorbed. It is but another
name for an absolute cession of the public domain
to the States for purposes of internal improve-
ment—differing only from the present bill, which
asks for the direct application of money from the
Treasury for the same purpose
The Indian and white man, hunting together, had
killed a buzzard and a turkey. The white man
said, You take the buzzard and I will take the
turkey, or I will take the turkey and you take the
buzzard." The reply of the Indian, that, in the
division of the game, he had never had turkey said
to him, has become proverbial as an illustration
of unfair distiibution of common property. This,
sir, is a murh stronger case; you say neither
turkey nor buzzard lo the old States. You speak
of alternate sections and increased value, and end
in a system of grants which take all the alternates
—absorb all the land—take all. You give the
word of promise to the ear and break it to the
hope. You say that if this bill passes the price of
the public lands will be increased, and that the old
States ought, not to be opposed to it—that it will
add that much to the wealth of the country.
Mr. STUART. 1 rise to a question of order.
I submit that it is not in order upon this bill to dis-
cuss the question ofapprop rial mg lands for railroad
purposes.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that the
remarks of the gentleman are not out of order.
They have an evident bearing upon the question
of giving roads to the Territories.
Mr. VENABLE. It is notthe first time that I
have seen those who are galled wince under the
operation of outside pressure; but 1 think it is of
importance to the public that we should ourselves
come up and take an honest and faithful view of
this subject. We have looked at it as one in the
distance. It has now come near to us. There is
upon the Speaker's fable, or referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
biils which, if passed, will appropriate some thirty
millions acres of the public land on this princi-
ple. A question of such importance should be
fully discussed, and deliberately decided. It is
no economy to suppress debate, or shun calcula-
tions. The proper doctrine—thot which springs
from the true reading of the Constitution—is this:
Whilst the Federal Government has the power to
make roads and other modes of transportation,
under certain circumstances, such as are accessory
to the power of making war, the transportation of
troops and munitions—yet the power must be de-
termined bv the case and the necessity that exists
to render effective a clearly-granted and well-de-
fined power in the Constitution. The right to
make such improvements is an incidentoriginating
in a necessity for the exercise of a higher and more
important power, and is allowable only under
such a state of things. The acknowledged power
is the principal—the implied power the incident.
Nothing can be a more unsafe rule of construc-
tion than that which converts the incident into the
principal. To make military roads m advance of
any necessity for them, with the real motive for
the use of citizens in the peaceful avocations of
life, is surely an obvious perversion of every proper
rule of constitutional construction. The military
road, when built, is properly used for all other
purposes. But it originated in a necessity arising
under the power granted, to make and to prosecute
war.
I was unwilling, sir, to pass over this subject
sub bilentio, and permit this measure to be brought
up as a precedent to override the Constitution. I
have been taught by sad experience that the letter
and meaning of the Constitution has been perfect-
ly overslaughed by unconstitutional legislation.
When it is written with a sunbeam upon the page
of that instrument that a power is not given to
this Government, if a gentleman should rise upon
this floor, and, after looking back into the old
statute-books, inform us that a former Congress
disregarded those provisions, a precedent is dis-
covered and the Constitution is disregarded again i
because of a previous violation-—I am for return- '
ing to the instrument itself, whether Whigs or
Democrats have done wrong. I trust that I shall
never so far forget myself, as a Representative of
the people, as to regulate my opinions of the Con-
stitution by the dictation of any party. I acknowl-
edge my party allegiance, but 1 never mean, by
that allegiance, a sacrifice of my self-respect. If
those with whom I act go wrong, I have the less
respect for them than for others-, for I believe that
they, being wrong in their political principles,
have fallen into the errors to which they necessa-
rily lead. But I can make no such allowance for
those whose fundamental doctrines disallow such
conclusions. 1 am sure they ought to know bet-
ter. The Whig party has been misled by its prin-
ciples; and for thorn I have chanty, and believe
that they are foliowmgout honestly their opinions.
They have been led into error because the principle
winch they have adopted is an incorrect one; hut
when those with whom I act and associate, whose
glory is declared to consistin astrictconstruction of
the Constitution, go wrong, it is a sin for which I
have no such charity. It is in vain, therefore, for
gentlemen to tell me that the Democratic party
have done wrong. When they have done so they
deserve double censure, and I never mean to be held
by party lines when thoy point my course in direct
violation of the clear construction of the Constitu-
tion. If it be right to make this appropriation for
the Territory of Minnesota—if the principle upon
which it is based beconect—it will be right also
with respect to the States. Gentlemen may ask
when they please for appropriations, and expect
them to be granted. When a case is made out for
internal improvements, the lands and the wealth of
the Treasury of the Government will be squand-
ered upon these roads. I repeat, that it is with re-
luctance 1 throw myself upon the attention of the
committee. I have avoided discussion upon the
subject, that I might not consume an improper
and unnecessary portion of their time. But I
know of nothing more fi aught with evil, and
nothing which is more certain to produce the fes-
tering of discontent and ill-feeling m the hearts of
the people of the old States—those States who were
tried in the Revolution, and who passed through its
crucible. When they look upon the broad domain
which belongs to them and their children, which
has been purchased by their struggles and their
contributions, and find that it is passing away
day after day—melting like the snow beneath the
influence of the sunbeam—when they feel every
claim which they may urge upon this'Government
is regarded as idle--when they remonstrate and
say that this extensive territory belongs to us all in
genenl, and it is unheeded, they will lose confi-
dence m the justice of those who"control the desti-
nies of the Government. I feel assured that in this
policy we adopt a system of legislation which is to
destroy the confidence of the old States in the justice
of the Congress—that we will estrange the hearts of
those who in the day of trial stood True, who have
conquered this domain and left it an inheritance to
their children. They are to be cast out and the
stranger, sojourner, and foreigner is to be wel-
comed, and putin possession of the territory of our
common country. The claims of our own citizens
are to be utterly disregarded. The whole Atlantic
slope is to be looked upon as a foreign land. And
whilst I am willing to legislate liberally, willing to
foster, to protect them, and to vote money and
men for the defense of their homes and their rights,
I claim that equal justice be done to the older mem-
bers of the family of States. I am ready to make
a just, a generous distribution; to give the younger
members of our Confederacy a full and liberal por-
tion, even that of Benjamin, in the inheritance.
Still I claim that we of the old States shall not
be declared illegitimate. I claim that the old
States should be entitled to their rights. J ask no
extra privileges I only ask justice. There is no
gentleman in this committee for whom I have
kinder feelings than the Delegate from Minne-
sota. There is no gentleman for whom I would
do more; and I would vote for this bill were it not
a concession of the principle upon which I have
always acted, and with my views of the Consti-
tution, and of duty and propriety upon which I
shall always act. I conceive that such a course is
more necessary now, because there seems to be
an unsettled state of opinion upon this once car-
dinal doctrine of the party to which I belong. The
veto message of Mr. Polk was a clear and distinct
averment of that portion of our creed. I am aware
that many gentlemen of the Democratic party dis-
sented from his views. But the doctrine is not
wholly repudiated even by them, if the platform
of the Baltimore Convention contains the true creed.
They distinctly disavow the right of the Govern-
ment to prosecute any general system of internal
improvements. Mr. Polk acted upon that princi-
ple. He discovered in the legislation of Congress
what he believed to be the prosecution of such a
general system. But other distinguished Demo-
crats, candidates or aspirants, with their feet ap-
parently upon that platform, have not found anv
I bill so general as to come within the purview of
'| that resolution. Bills includmgsome ninety items,
! and spreading over some twenty-eight States, have
not been considered general, but peculiarly particu-
lar, and essentially democratic in their character.
Indeed, I know of no bill or scheme of internal im-
provement by this Government which is founded
upon a system general enough to be forbidden by
the resolution of the Baltimore Convention, af-
firmed and reaffirmed in the judgment of many of
those whose distinguished position entitle them to
be regarded as leaders of the party. I desire espe-
cially that it should be ascertained what is so gen-
eral as to be forbidden, and so particular as to be
allowed. In the absence of such lights, I must
content myself with the opinions and construction
of the fathers of the Republican party, and those
who, revering their wisdom, have used the power
of their office to restrain unconstitutional legisla-
tion.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. Mr. Chair-
man, I am certain nothing further is needed in the
support of a bill like the one now before the com-
mittee; and 1 should not have detained the com-
mittee a moment, were it not that some remarks
have been made, tending to show that the voting
of this appropriation for the construction and sur-
vey of these roads in the Territory of Minnesota,
is the adopting of a general system of internal im-
provements by the Federal Government. I do not
wish to stand wrong upon the record, for as I have
said before, I saynow,that 1 am not the advocate
of such a system. Nor do I propose, at this time,
to go into a general discussion on the subject, for
the time will not permit it. It would be better de-
voted to the disposition of this bill, it strikes me.
It seems to me, that the proposition before the
committee is one which is in perfect conformity
with all the pievious legislation of this Govern-
ment upon similar subjects, What is it, sir ? It
is for the purpose of appropriating the sum of
$5,000 for the survey of a road some two or three
thousand miles in length, through one of the Ter-
ritories, and for the appropriation, also, of some
$40,000 to aid m constructing certain roads already
surveyed, and the construction of which has al-
ready been commenced under the superintendence
of the War Department. Now, I think that there
is a perfect distinction between improvements of
this character, and what are usually termed inter-
nal improvements in a State. We know that the
Territories are peculiarly placed, by the Constitu-
tion of the United States, under the legislation of
Congress. This is the point to which they look
for all legislative assistance of this character, and
