1852,
. THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
525
bill for that purpose; which was read, and passed
to the second reading.
Mr. SEWARD, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to which was referred the petition of
The resolution was accordingly passed over.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
A message was received from the Presiden
i; worth hearing, our speeches will keep. There is
!; no danger whatever of their spoiling-.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I trust that my col-
league will withdraw his motion, and allow the
by unanimous consent, and, no amendment being
made, it was ordered to be engrossed and read a
third time.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, from the Committee on
Pensions, to which was referred the petition of
David P. Weekes, submitted a report, accompa-
nied by a hill for his relief; which was read and
passed to ihe' second reading. The report was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. RUSK, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to which was referred the
memorial of Gruion and McLaughlin, submitted a
report,accompanied by a hill for their relief; which
was read and passed 10 the second reading. The
report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. DOUGLAS, from the Committee on Ter-
ritories, to which the subject was referred, reported
a biil to reduce and defue the boundaries of the
military reserve at the St. Peter's river, in the
Territory of Minnesota, and to secure the rights
of the actual settlers thereon; which was read and j
passed to the second reading.
^ Mr. BORLAND, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to which the petition of Elizabeth V,
Lomax referred, submitted a report, accom-
panied by a bill for her .'chef; which wos read and
passed to the second reading*. The report was
ordered to he printed.
Mr. SEBAST] AN, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to which was referred the documents
relating H> the claim of Theodore E. Elliott, re-
ported a bill for his relief; which was read and
o^sed to the second reading.
Mr. CEVER, from the Committee on Pensions,
to which was referred the pet'tion of Baibara Ri-
ley, submitted o report, a^-ompanied by a bill for
her relief; which whs read and passer! jo the sec-
ond reading. Therenori was ordered to beprinted.
On motion by Mr. GEYER, it was
Oidered, That the Committee on the Juiliciaiv lie tli1—
chanjed from tS-3 further consideration of the menace of
the FiesjdCi.l o*' trie United States, of the ^5r!i January, re
ap^eting ciann^ of citizcns o!'Ca!ifnrnia ; and that U fie laid
upon the tab!.;.
DISTRICT COURTS IN A LAB '..MA. j
Mr. CLEMENS ask^d and nh'ained leave to j
introduce 3 lull to be entitled "An act to change :
the dines of holding me United States district
courts m Alabama, and to/ other purposes," winch
was read and ordered to a second rending.
Mr. CLKMEMS. I hope it may hs-1 rendsec-
ond time now.
The niouon was ogrfic-d lo.
The bill provides that the district cnuils of the
United State- for the State of Alabama shall be
held at Mobile, on the fourth Monday in April,
and on the second Monday after the fourth Mon-
showing the operations of the Mint and
branches for the year 1851;
Also, a report from the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, containing a report from Thomas U. Walter,
Architect for the extension of the Capitol; and
A copy of the instructions dispatched from the
Department of State to the Minister of the United
States at London, respecting the attack on the
United States steamer "Prometheus," m the
harbor of San Juan de Nicaragua, by the British
brig of war '• Express ;,J and also, a copy of the
dispatches of Mr. Lawrence to that Deoartment
and of his correspondence with Her Britannic
motion with
; a great deal of pleasure, if my friend from Ten-
; nessee desires it to be withdrawn.
' Mr. BELL. I will assent with great pleasure
i to any arrangement which may be agreed upon by
, gentlemen.
; Mr. JONES. I would withdraw the motion
! immediately, but f do not wish to be discourteous
to the Senator from Tennessee.
Mr. BELL. 1 shall not regard it as any dis-
courtesy at all.
The motion was then withdrawn.
EXILED IRlHIt PATRIOTS.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
day in November: at [Imvs\ die. on the second
Monday m May, mid the second Monday in No-
vemner; at Montgomery on the fourth Monday '
m May, and thefourih Monday in November, and ,
also, that the county of Budei sisal! he a part of, 1
and embraced in the muht'e district of it] Smte. :
The lull wjs then f on.-nclered m Committee !
ot the Whole; and no amendment being oilered, 1
it was reported to ihe Senife, and ordered to be |
engrossed for a third reading. j
ADDITIONAL POST ROUTE. i
Mr. HAMLIN snbmiued the following reso- [
iution for consideration; which was agreed iw r !
Rc$cdic<', That the Oonmuticc on t!,e Po^t Office and i
Po&t Road-> b 2 d.rected to niMnrcmto use expedient*; of !
e->tabiis-hmg a no-? i.nue froui Rockland, in tin1 county of j
Sinclair, to t'u; Ki'j eu Haul, n: th'j county orLincoln, in '
the sStav of .Maine.
UNITED STATES JUDGE TOR THE DISTRICT j
OF MICHIGAN. |
Mr. CASS submitted ihe following rerolunon '
for consideration: j
RcsolccJ, That tne Corufm:i<io on Uif Juiliotn be in- ,
structed to inquire info tho c p: ilioii^v o! jncica.iii^ the j
saJarv of the dipnoi judge ui tnc t'mi^d elates lor the i
dUtriet oi Michigan.
_ Mr. SEWARD. I hope that resolution will j
lie over until to-morrow, as I desire to submit an 1
amendment to it in relation to anothei ease of a
like character.
Majesty's Principal Secretary of State tor Foreign ! res^!ution submitted by Mr. Fooie, of Missis-
Affairs'on the same subject. <| SIPPI  on 2d of December, expressive of the
| sympathy of Congress for the exiled Irish patri-
i ots, Smith O'Brien and Thomas F. Meagher,and
[ their associates.
| The pending question was Mr. Seward's amend-
1 ment to the amendment of Mr. Shields.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, this reso-
lution seems to me neither inconsiderate nor un-
important. It is a resolution which must have
the assent of both Houses of Congress, and the
! approbation of the President of the United States,
and so will become a national act. It recom-
i mends, I might perhaps say solicits, clemency to-
; wards the patriots of Ireland who are suffering
: imprisonment in a penal colony; and it is de-
signed for the information of ihe British Govern-
; ment, and therefore may and ought to be re-
] Carded as an appeal by the United States to Great
i Britain.
Sir, I think the proceeding is defensible upon
i the grounds of abstract justice and propriety, as
well as upon a due consideration of the relations
: of all the parties concerned.
; I beg leave to say, in the first place, that it is
noi altogether novel in character and principle.
i The patriots of Ireland, who are the subjects of
1 this debate, are suffering imprisonment in con-
j sequence of an effort, honestly made, to restore
, their native 'and to liberty and independence,
j The sympathy expressed by this resolution for
[ them, springs from the same source from which
| the sympathy of the people of the United States
! has sprung, which has been habitually exhibited
, towuids nations striving to as&ei t the same righfoj
; —the sympathy which was expressed by the peo-
ple of ihe United States towards France in 1793.
! m 3330, and m 1848; towards Greece, towards the
i rising South American republics, towards Poland,
I towards Germany, and towards Hungary. Even
in form, sir, the measure assimilates to the action
of Congress in regard to Louis Kossuth, who hat
been, through our interposition,released from im-
These several messages were referred,
The first to the Committee on Finance; the
second to the Comnntteeon Public Buildings; and
the third to the Committee on Foreign Relations;
and they were ordered to be printed.
NOTARIES rUBLIC.
Mr. BUTLER. At the last session of Con-
gress there was a bill passed authorizing notaries
public of different States and Terntones to take
and certify oaths, affirmations, and acknowledg-
ments in certain cases; but under some misappre-
hension, it did not include the District of Colum-
bia. I move to take up that bill now, for the
purpose of amendmgit in that paiticulnr.
Mr. SEWARD. I desire to ask the Senator
from South Carolina, whether it will involve de-
bate?
Mr. BUTLER. Not:uall;it is only to supply
a single word.
The motion to take up the bill was agreed to.
The amendment which extended to notaries
public in the District of Columbia the same power
to take and certify to oaths, ajfirmatmns, &c.,
which is conferred on the sume class of officers,
in the States and Territories, was adopted; and
the bill as amended was then ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading.
cf.nsus compendium.
Mr. SEWAJID gave notice of his intention to
ask lea\e to muoduce a joint icsolution concern-
nig thepubheation ofa compendium of the se\eral
censuses of the Coned States. It proposes that
a joint committee of the two Houses be appointed,
whose fluty it shall b^ to prepare, or cauj-e to be
prepared, and repoit fur immediate use, a com-
pendium of such prominent statistics of the late
and piior censuses, as to them may seem import-
ant, for the present information of the people and
Congress, accompmin d l*v a report containing
agriculture, arts, manufacture, commerce, and the
j general wealth of the L'tmed States, as they may
i deem useful.
IIA iLHO.vlHJ
Mr. JONES, of Iowa.
With use specs,d order r
of mkiOL: up Semite bill
, making a Ciaut of land to
n\ n.
IN IOWA. ;
I move to dispense 1
■ ••day, for the pmpo^e '
No. 1, which is a bill
the State of lovva, in
such othei infoi luiuiou rehmveto the pi ogress of!1 prisonment in Asia Minor, and brought to our
shores, received and welcomed as a guest of the
United States.
The interest which is expressed in this resolu-
tion^Tor Wdliam Smith O'Brien, like that which
n< expressed toward Louis Kossuth, is not merely
personal, hut it is the reverential compassion in
dulged by the people of the United States for a
fallen natnm k< m a man comprised." It is not,
ihen, the <\:u.-e of William Smith O'Brien alone—
ii ;s the cense of Ireland,
The merits uf a nation'& cause, and of its de-
fenders, require d review, not merely of the par-
ticular accidents or incidents which hiing it he
fore us. but of the'whole life of the nation. So
ir was that our forefathers, in adopting the decla-
ration of American independence, reviewed the
entire colonial experience m vindication of the net
of ahjur/uiori of their allegiaiue ;o the Hiitnh
Throne.
Ten centuries a^o, sir, Ireland was an independ-
ent nation. possessing the elements and the rorces
of national stability. Ireland was guilty of one
endurinir crime—it was the crime of pvoximitv to
England, belaud labored under one enduring
misfortune—it was the misfortune that, for many
centuries, she had remained unconquered m*id un-
conquerable. The crime provoked the cupidity
of England, the misfortune heg:H divisions int<>
septs and clans, and these civil distroctions favored
an invader. At the verv momen1, sir, when
Henry, a Norman King of England—the second
aid or the construction oi a r.o.ronu in ton! Suite.
My friend iVun Teunesset* [Mr. DnLi-j has h*-d
tlife floor '^n lii.s subject, ot h-.st fuur or e days,
and lias been unable to proceed with his speech.
He commenced h:s remarks on the Uuy when the
bill was last under corns-deration mjd spoke some
five minutes, when the Semite ndjourned. He is
now prepared to go on wi!h lus remarks, and i
hope that the «>jiI will be takMs up, so tint he may
proceed v.ith tiiem,
Air. BADGER. I woulJ suggest to inv friend
fic-iti iov.a. the propriety of « itlnlivwini;- tht>t mo-
tion for the present. The Senator from New
York [Air. Sr.wARnjbad the resolution m relation
to the Irish exiles postponed «mtil one o'clock to-
day; and as that subject is the soecitd order, and
as the time is now post, I think he ought to be
heard. 1 can readily realize the hardship imposed |
upon my friend from Tennessee, as ir ha? been
suggested by my fiiend fxotn Iowa; hut as both
ii he and myself intend to speak to the Senate, and
ii as we have something to say, which I trust will be
