1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1455
to which alone they can look. And when we con-
sider every Territoiy which has grown up through
the whole progress of the growth of our country,
from small- beginnings, from the modest State, to
become an important, rich, and powerful State in
this Union, has met with the same difficulties with
which the Territory of Minnesota now meets, in
reference to this subject, 1 presume we shall not
be disposed to make an exception in this case. I
gay, it we will go back through the period of thirty,
forty, or fifty years, in reference to the legislation
upon our Territories, we will find that Congress
has uniformly appropriated for works of this kind.
What are they? The construction of railroads—
the construction of a national road—or anything of
that character ? Not at all; but the construction of
the rudest of all possible roads, upon which a set-
tler m a primeval country can find his way to ins
log cabin.
If you look at the report of the War Department,
which 1 have before me, upon the subject of these
very roads, it will show that the very small sum of
three hundred and odd dollars, proposed to be ap-
propriated to each mile in the construction of these
roads, would construct but the poorest roads
which could be imagined for traveling in a new
Territory. It is, then, merely the opening of
these communications which may be deemed ne-
cessary for the purpose of affording the denizens
of the West an opportunity of settling upon their
new lands, and affording them an opportunity of
becoming citizens of a State that will by-and-by
contribute money to the treasury of their State
through its cultivation and accumulated wealth,
which we have aided them in obtaining, and
which can be subsequently appropiiated in the
construction of far better roads and other improve-
ments.
Mr. VENARLE. Will my friend allow me
to ask him a question ? 1 should like to know if
we consider it our duty, after giving land to the
landless, to take money out of the Treasury and
then make a road to the land.
Mr. SEYMOUR. I am coming to that identi-
cal point. I say, then, that so far as there has
been any legislation upon the subject, it has been
uniform. These roads, if they have been military
roads, have been constructed by the Government.
If they have been roads to aid the pioneer in
reaching these settlements, they have been con-
structed by means of the legislation of Congress.
It is said—and my colleague made the remark in
the speech which he addressed to the committee
some time since—and the question is now repeated
by the gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr.
Venable,]—that we have arrived at a point in
the legislation of this country when the policy of
the Government upon this subject ought to he
changed; and that having voted for a law which
allows to any individual who is the head of a
family to go and take one hundred and sixty acres
of the public land, and make a homestead of it,
without paying a dollar to the Government for it,
we should now no longer exercise this care and
supervision, and appropriate these moneys for the
purpose of aiding the settlement of the West,
which we have heretofore done. In my humble
opinion, there are still stronger reasons why we
should do it. If the policy is a good one—and I
think it is—-which I advocated, and voted for upon
this floor, to give to these settlers a homestead in
that country, then it is surely a good one also to
provide them with the means of attaining that
point, where they can occupy the land; where they
can become good citizens, and where they can
increase by their industry the accumulation of
wealth, which we hope will flow from such a
stream of independent agriculturists who will so
gieatly increase the wealth of the whole country.
That is a part of the great system which we have
adopted m the preemption laws, and in all of those
various facilities which we have afforded for the
rapid settlement of the West. The construction
of these roads, it seems to me, forms one impor-
tant part of that system, and should not, and will
not, be abandoned by the Government. With
regard to the amount of appropriations asked for
here, I think, that inasmuch as there are appro-
priations still unexpended, as I understand from
the honorable chairman of the Committee on Ways
and Means, to the amount of some $20,000, the
amount which was originally contemplated to be
granted, should not be granted in full. I under-
stand from the honorable delegate from Minnesota
[Mr. Sibley] that he does not ask it—that he has
himself desired that these appropriations should
be reduced which were originally contemplated,
for the very reason that this balance, the sum of
$20,000, already stands to the ciedit of these
works. If this is so, then it seems to me the meas-
ure is put into the most acceptable shape possible;
and I cannot conceive of any reason whatever,
unless we mean to proclaim to the country now a
, change of the entire policy of the country in refer-
' ence to the settlement of Western territories as a
| reason why we will not give to the Territory of
I Minnesota the sum that we have given to other
| Territories.
: Mr. STUART. I move that the committee
i rise, with a view of passing a resolution to termi-
| nate tins debate.
| The question was then taken, and it was agreed
i to.
j The committee then rose, and theSpeakerhaving
; resumed the chair, the chairman of the committee
| reported that the committee had had under con-
! sideration the Union generally, and particularly
j House bill No. 254, which they have oi dered to be
' reported to the House with an amendment; and
; also House bill No. 255, but have come to no con-
clusion thereon.
Mr. STUART. I move that all debate in Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union be
closed on bill No. 255 in five minutes after the
House shall have again resolved itself into com-
mittee.
The question was then taken, and the resolution
was agreed to.
Mr. STUART. I now move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The question was then taken, and it was agreed
to.
So the committee resumed its session and the
consideration of bill No. 255.
Mr. STUART. No amendment, I believe, is
pending in regard to this bill. I move that it be
laid aside to be reported to the House.
The question was then taken, and it was agreed
to.
UNITED STATES PROPERTY IN SANTA FE.
House bill No. 256, relinquishing to the Terri-
tory of New Mexico all the right, title and inter-
est which the United States may have to certain
real estate within the corporate limits of the city
of Santa Fe, New Mexico, was then lead by the
Clerk.
Mr. BISSELL. What is the character of the
bill ? What character of land is proposed to be
ceded ?
Mr. LOCKIIART. I will send to the Clerk
the memorial from the Legislative Assembly of
the Territory, which explains the matter.
The memorial was then read, from which it ap-
pears that in the city of Santa Fe there are several
small tracts of cultivated lands, and certain public
buildings, such as the palace, barracks, granary,
and others, the titles to which were uncertain, as
there was no record of them m the archives of the
Territory to prove any legal title to them. It also
appears that the title to said property was vested
either in the Government of the United States or
in the Territory of New Mexico, and that ques-
tions have arisen between the civil and military
authorities, and although the civil governors have
used the palace from time immemorial without
dispute, it is also true that it was used by the mil-
itary authorities when they were united with the
civil. The land, which is inclosed within the bar-
racks, was formerly cultivated by the Mexican
soldiers, but was in the same condition with the
public buildings, without any title to the property.
In view of these facts, the memorialists pray the
Congress of the United States to relinquish to the
Territory all the right the United States may have
to said property.
Mr. BISSELL. I should like to inquire of the
gentleman whether the committee have made any
report upon this case?
Mr. LOCK HART. There is no report.
Mr. BISSELL. I presume it is ail right, though
1 think the hill is one of some importance.
Mr. CLEVELAND. We had better get some
little information in addition to what we have upon
the subject. It seems to me, that we ought to have
some report from the committee here, to know
what the effect of this action of ours is to be. We
know not the amount of these lands. Here is a
general statement made by the party in interest,
petitioning and asking for this grant. We have a
yeiy general statement, and we know not what
interest we may affect by the passage of the act.
There may be individuals there who will suffer by
the claim set up by the territorial government, ana
which we are called upon to pass in the dark. Is
there any man who knows what we are called
upon to do? We pass it, because such a bill has
passed the Senate, or because it has been presented
by somebody who represents that Territory, and
is interested to have that grant. It seems to me,
that would be an objection, which would make
men hesitate long before they would vote this
grant. In addition to that, I can see no distinction,
in point of principle, between the grant we are
now called upon to make, and the grant of land
we shall ere long be called to make in the State of
Ohio. I am opposed to all these grants of lands.
I can see no difference, in point of principle, be-
tween making the grant asked for here, and a grant
of 200,000 acres of land in the State of Ohio, or
that of the entire body of unsold lands in the State
of Illinois.
Now, it does seem to me that we ought not to
begin this system. The way these grants are
obtained is in this still, silent, quiet way. They
seem to be matters of small moment, and without
explanation, without a written report, without any
exposure whatever, a gentleman gets through the
grant, and then that grant is used as a precedent
for another and more dangerous one, and that for
another, and so it goes on. There is no reason
assigned for making the grant in this case, by the
gentleman who appears in behalf of it.
Mr. LOCKHART here interposing, made a
remark, but in so low a voice as to be wholly
inaudible to the Reporter, in the confusion that
prevailed in the Hall.
Mr. CLEVELAND. The gentleman has not
intimated that this grant is designed for any
such purpose. It is not put upon that ground at
all. If the gentleman puts it on that ground, why
not put it in the bill itself, so that it can never
form a dangerous precedent for other applications
of a different character? That is my objection to
it. If the gentleman will state what the grant is
for, and if it is for a fair and legitimate purpose,
we are all ready to go for it. But till it does ap-
pear on the record m such a form that it cannot
be used os a dangerous precedent, I cannot vote
for it. At present it is much too uncertain and
indefinite. I suggest to thefiiends of the bill that
they should put it in such a shape that we may
understand it, and that those who come after us
may understand what we have done, and why we
have done it.
Mr. HOWARD. I can relieve the gentleman
from Connecticut of the difficulty he is in in rela-
tion to this matter. Under the Spanish law, all
the towns to which no larger grants had been
made, were entitled, under a general law, to four
leagues, commencing at the center, and running
each way. The same law has been enacted in
nearly all the States of the Republic of Mexico,
and they give to all the new towns four leagues.
There were some of the old towns under the
Spanish regime to which larger grants were made,
and in some casesiheoriginal titles to theproperty
from the Crown of Spain to the inhabitants of the
towns have been lost. I know that such is the
case in the town in which 11 eside, and which was
the old capital of Texas. Now, if I understand
this bill; its object is to settle all controversy by a
direct release on the part of the United States, I
will say further, from my knowledge of the law in
relation to these matters—and I have been con-
cerned in litigation on the subject—that I have no
doubt the people of Santa Fe could maintain an
action of ejectment on the ground of their former
title. But this bill is intended to settle all contro-
versy of that kind, and quiet the title of the town.
Mr. CLEVELAND. With the consent of the
committee, I will now withdraw my amendment.
There being no objection, the amendment was
withdrawn.
Mr. BISSELL. I propose to strike out the word
"houses," in the ninth line. I do not know, and
I am hardly disposed to doubt, but that this is
right, yet I think that it is requiring a little too
much of the House, to expect us to pass the bill
in this form, without more light. I think it is a
