1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2301
' diameter." In the same section, tenth line, strike out the
woids <k and gunwale," and insertthereto." In the same
section, line thirty-seven, after the word " apparatus," in-
sert the following: " so as to make each boat on either side
of the vessel, when full of water, capable of sustaining at
least fifty persons."
Mr. HENN. Will the previous question cut
off my amendment?
The SPEAKER. Not at all; because that
amendment was legitimately made.
Mr. HENN. With the consent of-the House,
I wish to modify my amendment. Instead of
striking out the whole proviso, strike out the
words " such steamers," and insert "any steam-
ers heretofore built."
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has a right
to modify his amendment in that respect.
Insert after the word " good," in the third line
of the fifth section, the words "nautilus or self-
inflated;" and after the word "of," in the same
line, the words " vulcanized India rubber, or of
some other equally"—so as to make the section
read:
Ci Sec. 5. J2nd beit further enacted,Thatevery such ves-
sel canying passengers, shall also be provided with a good
nautilus or self-mflated life-preserver, made of vulcanized
India rubber, or of some other equally suitable material, and
float well adapted to the purpose, for each and every pas-
senger, which life-preservers and floats shall always be kept
in convenient and accessible places in such vessels," &c.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. I was not
able to hear distinctly the amendments proposed by
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Edgerton.] I
therefore wish to inquire of him whether the arti-
cles embraced in those amendments are not pat-
ented articles ?
Mr. EDGERTON. 1 will state that the articles
are patented articles, and the best life-saving appa-
ratuses known to the American people.
Mr. SEYMOUR. I will say that the Commit-
tee on Commerce have carefully excluded all pat-
ents. We do not wish to elevate them into either
importance or profit.
Mr. EDGERTON. I will say that the com-
mittee have not carefully excluded all patented
articles.
The SPEAKER. Gentlemen must recollect
that discussion is not in order. Is it the pleasure
of the House that, in case the previous question
is seconded, the amendment of the gentleman from
Ohio shall be received and considered?
Mr. ORR. I must object.
The SPEAKER. Then the amendment will be
cut off by the previous question.
Mr. FOWLER. I desire to present the amend-
ment of which I gave notice a little while ago.
The SPEAKER. By unanimous consent, the
resolution will be received.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I object.
Mr. FOWLER. Will the previous question
cut off my amendment?
The SPEAKER. Certainly it will.
Mr. FOWLER. Then I hope it will be voted
down.
Tellers were ordered upon seconding the demand
for the previous question; and Messrs. Disney,
and Stanton of Tennessee, were appointed.
The question was then put. and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 76, noes 46.
So the previous question received a second.
The question then being, " Shall the main ques-
tion be now put ?"
Mr. FOWLER demanded the yeas and fiays,
and called for tellers on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered; and the yeas and nays
were not ordered.
The main question was ordered to be put.
The question now being upon referring the bill
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, , , , ,
Mr. CARTTER demanded the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered. #
The question was then taken, and it was de-
cided in the negative—yeas 55, nays 121; as fol-
lows:
YEAS—-Messrs. Aiken, Averett, Bowie, Bowne, John
H. Boyd, Brooks, Burrows, Busby, E. Carrmgton Cabell,
Joseph Cable, Cartter, Caskie, Chapman, Cha*tam, Clmg-
ma„ Cobb, Ooleoek, Doty, Edgerton, Evans, 1' loyd, Fow-
ler Henry M. Fuller, Gilmore, Green, Hamilton, Ham-
mond, Haws, Howard, ThomasY. How, Inger^oil, Andrew
Johnson, John Johnson. Geoige G. King, Preston King,
Martin, McQueen, Meade, Murphy, Newton,Orr, Outlaw,
Penniman, Schoonmaker, Scurry, SmiUi, Thaddeus
vens, Sutherland, Thurston, Wallace, Walsh, Well*, Alex-
ander White, and Woodward—55. A„.
NAYS—Messrs. Charles Allen, Willis Allen, Allison,
William Appleton, Ashe, Babcock, Thomas II. Bayly,
Barrere, Beale, Bibighaus, Bissell, Bocock, Bragg, Breck-
inridge, Brenton, Bnggs, Albert G. Brown, Buell, Cald-
well, Lewis D. Campbell, Thompson Campbell, Chandler,
Churchwell, Clark, Conger, Cullom, Curtis, George T.
Davis, John G. Davis, Dawson, Dean, Dimmick, Disney,
Dockery, Duncan, Dunham, Eastman, Edmundson, Faulk-
ner, Fickhn, Fitch, Florence, Gaylord, Gentry,Goodenow,
Goodrich, Grey, Hall, Harper, Isham G. Harris, Sampson
W. Harris, Hart, HascalJ, Haven, Hendricks, Henn, Hib-
bard, Holladay, Houston, John W. Howe, Thomas M.
Howe, Ives, Jackson, Robert W. Johnson, Daniel T. Jones,
J. Glancy Jones, Kuhns, Kurtz, Landry. Lockhart, Mann,
Mason, McCorkie, McLanahan, McMuliin, McNair, Mil-
ler, Millson, Molony, Henry D. Moore, John Moore, More-
head, Murray, Olds, Andrew Parker, Samuel W. Parker,
Peaslee, Penn, Perkins, Phelps, Powell, Price, Reed, Rich-
ardson, Riddle, Robbins, Robie, Ross, Scudder, David L.
Seymour, Skelton, Stanly, Benjamin Stanton, Richard
H.Stanton, Abraham P. Stephens, St. Martin, Stratton,
Strother, Stuart, Sweetser, Taylor, Benjamin Thompson,
Townshend, Tuck, Venable, Walbridge, Washburn, Wat-
kins, Welch, Wilcox, Wjidrick, and Yates—121.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. SEYMOUR. Has the morning hour ex-
pired ?
JOHN LE ROY.
The SPEAKER. It has expired, and the busi-
ness first in order is on a motion to suspend the
rules, made upon Monday last by the gentleman
from Texas, [Mr. Howard,] for the purpose of
taking up Senate bill No. 272, " granting a pen-
sion to John Le Roy."
Mr. HOWARD. I ask that the report accom-
panying the bill may be read.
There being no objection, the report was read.
The question was then put upon Mr. Howard's
motion, and (two thirds voting in the affirmative)
it was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended.
The bill then received its three several readings,
and was passed.
Mr. HOWARD moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed, and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table; which
latter motion was agreed to.
MR. CORWIN AND THE GARDINER CLAIM—
COMMITTEE OF INVESTIGATION.
Mr. OLDS moved to suspend the rules for the
purpose of introducing the following resolution:
Whereas it is believed that spurious and fraudulent
claims have been passed upon and allowed by the Mexican
Claims Commission ; and whereas, among the claims said
to have been fraudulent was the one belonging to Dr. John
A. Gardinei, amounting to a large sum, said to be nearly
half a million of dollais; and whereas, a grand-jury for the
District of Columbia, upon their oaths, have presented the
said Dr. Gardiner for the crime of perjury, committed m
his testimony substantiating his <.aid claim before said Mex-
ican Claims Commission; and whereas public rumor charge®
that the Secretary of the Treasury was the agent or counsel
of the said Dr. Gardiner in the prosecution of the said
alleged fraudulent claim, and that the said Secretary had a
fee interest in said claim, amounting to a large sum, said to
be one hundred thousand dollars; and whereas common
rumor still (urther charges that the said Secretary of the
Treasury, for a sum said not to exceed fifteen thousand dol-
lars, purchased and held the one fourth interest of said
alleged fraudulent claim; and whereas the said claim,
amounting to lour hundred and twenty-eight thousand
seven hundred and fifty dollars, has, upon the wanant of
the said Secretary of the Treasury, been paid ; and where-
as Mr. Corwin, disregarding the pledge of his immediate
representative, has failed to call for an investigation of said
allegations: Therefore—
Resolved, That a committee, consisting of five mem-
bers of this Hou e, be appointed by the Speaker, fo investi-
gate all the facts touching the connection of the said
Thomas Corwm, the present Secretaiy of the Treasury,
with the said Gardiner claim ; what fee, if any, he was to
receive for his services as agent or counsel for said Gard-
iner ; what interest, if any, other than his fee he purchased
and held, either directly or indirectly, in said claim, and
the amount paid or stipulated to he paid therefor, and con-
ditions of said purchase ; at what time he ceased to act as
the counsel or agent ot said Gardiner; to whom and for
what consideration he disposed of his fee interest, to whom
and for what consideration he disposed of his one fourth
interest in said claim.
Resolved further, That the said committee have power
to send for persons and papers.
Mr. POLK. 1 ask for the yeas and nays. I
wish to know who will vote against an investiga-
tion into these charges of fraud.
The SPEAKER. Discussion is not in order.
Mr. CABELL, of Florida. I ask that the first
sentence of the preamble to that resolution may be
read.
The Clerk read the sentence, as follows:
" Whereas it is believed that spurious and fraudulent
claims have been passed."
Mr. CABELL. I shall vote against the reso-
lution merely because nobody seems to take the
responsibility of it. The resolution sa^s "it is
believed/' without stating who believes it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and there were—
yeas 142, nays 28; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Charles Allen, Willis Allen, Averett,
Babcock, Thomas H. Bayly, Barrere, Beale, Bibighaus,
Bissell, Bocock, Bowie, Bowne, Bragg, Breckinridge,
Brenton, Briggs, Albert G. Brown, Buell, Busby, Joseph
Cable, Lewis D. Campbell, Thompson Campbell, Cartter,
Caskie, Chastain, Churchwell, Clark, Clingman,-Cobb,
Ooleoek, Conger, Cullom, Curtis, John G. Davis, Dawson,
Dean, Dimmick, Disney, Dockery, Doty, Dunham, Edger-
ton, Edmundson, Faulkner, Fitch, Florence,Floyd, Fowler,
Henry M. Fuller, Gamble, Gaylord, Gentry, Gilmore, Good-
rich, Green, Hall, Hamilton, Hammond, Harper, Isham G.
Harris, Sampson W. Harris, Hart, Haws, Hendricks, Henn,
Hibbard, Holladay, Houston, Howard, John W. Howe,
Thomas M. Ilowe, Thomas Y. How, Ingersoll, Ives, Jack-
son, Andtew Johnson, John Johnson, Robert W. Johnson,
Daniel T. Jones, Preston King, Kuhns, Kurtz, Letcher,
Lockhart, Mann, Martin, Mason, MeCorkle, McLanahan,
McNair, McQueen, Meade, Miller, Millson, Molony. More-
head, Murphy, Murray, Olds, Orr, Andrew Parker; Samuel
W. Parker, Peaslee, Perm, Penniman, Perkins, Phelps,
Polk, Powell, Price, Richardson, Riddle, Robbins, Robie,
Ross, Savage, Scurry, David L. Seymour, Skelton, Smith,
Benjamin Stanton, Fred. P. Stanton, Richard II Stanton,
A. P. Stephens, St. Martin, Stratton, Stuart, Sutherland,
Sweetser, Benjamin Thompson, Thurston, Townshend,
Venable, Wallace, Walsh, Watkins, Welch, Alexander
White, Wilcox, Wildrick, Woodward, and Yates—142.
NAYS—Messrs. William Appleton, Bennett, Brooks,
George H. Brown, E. Carrington Cabell, Caldwell, Chand-
ler, Chapman, Duncan, Evans, Goodenow, Hascall, Haven,
George G. King, Landry, Henry D. Moore, John Moore,
Outlaw, Reed, Sohoom'naker, "Scudder, Stanly, Thaddeus
Stevens, Taylor, Tuck, Walbridge, and Wells—28.
So (two thirds voting in the affirmative) the
rules were suspended.
The question recurred on the adoption of the
resolution.
Mr. OLDS. Mr. Speaker, I hold in my hand
the Louisville Journal. In its columns I find the
following editorial article:
tC Mr. Olds, of Ohio, an apostate from the Whig party,
made a scuinlous speech the other day in the House of
Representatives, in which he assailed Mr. Corwin in con-
nection with the 'Gardiner claim.' We see, by the fol-
lowing paragraph from the Congressional proceedings, that
Mr. Campbell, of Ohio, replied toMt. Olds:
"4 Mr. Campbell, of Ohio, defended Secretary Corwin
e from the attacks of Mr. Olds, and denounced the allega-
' tion of dishonesty by Corwin in connection with the
c Gardiner claim as a willful and deliberate lie. He would
6 not have risen on this occasion to make a speech, had he
4 not understood the Democratic party in this city have
'printed one hundred thousand copies of Olds's speech,
i to scatter broadcast over the land. He wished to coun-
i teract its influence. He exposed Galphinisms under the
e Democratic Administration*, spoke of Democratic incon-
1 sistencies, and defended General Scott.'
"Mr. Corwin's whole connection with the 1 Gardiner
claim' has been repeatedly explained, and it i  perfectly
understood by all who are willing to understand ft. Any
man who charges Mr. Corwin with fiaud, dishonesty, or
impropriety in that transaction, is unquestionably a slan-
derer and a villain."
This article, sir, founded upon the speech of
my colleague, [Mr. Campbell,] as published in
the Congressional Globe, compels me, even at this
late day of the session, to trespass upon the time
of the House for a few moments, in my own vin-
dication; and by the passage of this resolution to
give Mr. Corwin, if he really be an injured man,
an opportunity to vindicate himself from the
charges which public rumor has fastened upon
him.
Upon the article of the Louisville Journal, I
have no comment to make; but I must be permit-
ted to notice briefly the speech of my colleague,
upon which this and other scurrilous attacks are
founded.
My colleague seems to have been in a rhapsody,
because, when an attack was made upon Mr.
Stuart, the Secretary of the Interior, the whole
Virginia delegation were ready to defend him.
The inference is, that when an attack is made
upon Mr. Corwin, the whole Ohio delegation
should be ready to come to his? rescue; and that,
least of all, should the attack come from one of the
Representatives of Ohio. My colleague says:
" The magnanimous spectacle presented in the early part
of the session, by the Representative* from the State of Vir-
ginia, challenged my admiration. It will be remembered that
a charge was prefeued against the Secretary of the Interior—
not one that in any way involved his integrity as a public
functionary, or the purity of his character a- a eitizen—but
simply the propriety of the manner in which hi< estimates for
his. Department had been presented to this House. At the
first dawning of an assault, every Virginian m this Hall, dis-
catdingmere party feeling,-prune to the floor, ready and
eager to defend a son ot the 1 Old Dominion,' though a
political opponent. Their conduct on that occasion was
generous and just—-u creditable display of Vngima Slate
pnde, gallantry, and magnanimity. In hearing testimony
of this honorable course on the part of Representatives from
a sister State, it is with feelings ol the deepest humiliation
and regret, that I am forced by a sen^e of duty to contrast
with it the conunued efforts of a Representative from that
