1456
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 22,
bill which would well have justified a report—a
report made from the desks of members, or read
before us. Without that, or something like it, I
cannot see that I can vote for the bill.
Take the case, as presented in the bill, and as
made oat by the statement which the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Lockkart,] has given us,
and I see nothing in it but a grant of land. It is
all very fight, probably, but then it is a grant of
an indefinite quantity of land, and a grant of land
without an object. Now, I am in favor of granting
land to settlers, that they may cultivate it, and for
the purpose of constructing railroads and similar
objects, but I am not in favor of granting to any
State or Territory—unless under peculiar circum-
stances, which are not shown to exist here—an in-
definite quantity of land, without specifying the
object for which the grant is made.
Now, what member of this House, besides those
who arc upon the Committee on Territories, and
the very intelligent gentleman from Texas, [Mr.
Howard,] has any information in regard to this
matter—how much it gives—how many houses—
what description of houses—and for what purpose?
Why, sdys the gentleman, the thing is all made
right, since you invest the President with discre-
tion in this matter, and authorize him to cede as
much of the land as he chooses, to the Territory,
and retain the balance. Sir, I will not consent to
rest any such discretion in the President. We
ouscht to have the information before the House,
and to determine here, for ourselves, what the
quan'ity shall be, and for what purpose they shall
have it. If we want information from the War
Department, or from the Picsulent, as to the
amount necessary to lie reserved for military and
other purposes, we can call upon them for that in-
formation, and act when wr receive it. I cannot
vote for the bill, with the light now before me.
Mr. W£1CI HTM A N. Tn regard to theview^m
reference to this bill, which have been presented by
the gentleman from Texas, [Mr. Howard,] I will
say that I was not before awaie of the existence
of such a law as he has alluded to, granting four
leagues to each city and town. But I am also in-
formed by the gentleman's colleague [Mr. Scur-
ry] that such a law does exist. The people of
Santa Fe probably, do not know their rights in
this respect. Under the circumstances, I move
that the bill be recommitted to the Committeeon the
Territories.
The CHAIRMAN. That motion cannot be
made in the Committee of the Whole on the state
of theUnion.
Mr. STUART, ft is in order to move that
the bill be h\id aside, to be reported to the House
with a recommendation that. it. be recommitted to
the Committee on the Territories, and I make that
moMon.
The motion was ngiecd to.
KXPENSKS OF Til I'' C'ArUSK WAR.
The next bill on the Calendar was House bill.
No. 257, to amend an a«vt entitled " An act to set-
tle nnd adjust th«* expense of the people of Oregon
in defending themselves from attacks and hostili-
ties of Cayuse Indians m the years 1847 and
1813," approved Fehuiarv 10, 1 £;")].
Mr. 1,00101" <\ RT. That bill wis reported in
conformity with a request from the Treasury Oe-
partment—indeed the bill was drafted at the De-
partment. For the purpose of enabling them to
pay the expenses of the Cayuse war which oc-
curred in Oregon, 3,100,000 was appropriated in
February, 1851, and they now ask for the passage
of this hill to enable them to pay the claims so far
as they have been adjusted.
The bill was then laid aside, tobe reported to the
House with a recommendation that it do pass.
BOUNDARIES OF MILITARY RESERVE AT ST.
Peter's river, Minnesota.
The next bill on the Calendar was House bill
No. 15^, to reduce and define the boundaries of
the military reserve at the St. Peter's river, in the
Territory of Minnesota, and to secure the rights of
actual settlers thereon.
The bill was read thiough.
Mr. 8IP>LEV. I will merely say that I have
here a report fiom the War Department concur-
ring in the report of the commanding otficer, upon
which the lull is based.
On motion by Mr. HALL, the bill was then laid
aside to be reported to the House, with a recom-
mendation that it do pass.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, moved that the
committee do now rise; which motion was agreed
to.
The committee accordingly rose, and the Speak-
er having resumed the chair, the chairman (Mr.
Stajttost, of Tennessee) reported that the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, had
had under consideration the state of the Union
generally, and particularly the special order, and
had instructed him to report the following bills:
House bill No. 255 " making further appropria-
tions for the construction of certain roads in the
Territory of Minnesota,55 with sundry amend-
ments, and with a recommendation that it do pass;
House bill No. 256, " relinquishing to the Ter-
ritory of New Mexico, all the right, title, and
interest which the United States may have to cer-
tain real estate within the corporate limits of the
city of Santa Fe, in New Mexico," with a recom-
mendation that it he recommitted to the Committee
on the Territories;
House bill No. 257, " to amend an act entitled
* An act to settle and adjust the expense of the
people ofOiegon in defending themselves from at-
tacks and hostilities of Cayuse Indians in the years
1815 and 1818,' " approved February 10, 1851;
and
House bill No. 158, " to reduce and define the
boundaries of the military reserve at the St. Peter's
river, in the Territory of Minnesota, and to secure
the rights of actual settlers thereon," without
amendment, and with the recommendation that
the bills do pass.
Mr. STUART. I would suggest that such of
the bills which have been reported from the com-
mittee, that there is no objection to, be put upon
their pru-wuxo now.
[Cries of u A^ieod!" "Agreed!'']
The SPEAKER. The first bill reported from
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union is House bill No. 187, " for the construc-
tion of military roads in Oregon Tetritory."
Mr. ST f J ART. That bill is under discussion,
and the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Bissbll]
has ihe floor upon it.
The SPEAKER. That was the first bill re-
ported to the House.
Mr. STUART. My suggestion is, that we
shall pass such hills as there is no objection to.
Mr. KING, of New York. There is objection
to this bill, and a gentleman is upon the floor
speaking against it.
The SPEAKER, The bill will be laid aside,
then, and the Clerk will report the next bill.
Mr. WARD. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to, on a division—ayes
; C8, noc* 37.
And the House adjourned until to-morrow at
twelve o'clock, m.
i PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions, nienvm iK &c.? were picsent°rl
■ uimum the rule, ami i.'tWicd to the apniopiiate comnntU'i1^:
I IU Mr liRRXTOM: The petition? oj'A Ct/uyford aw]
J Gcoige \V. asfntant niM-hais tti the State ot fn<h-
. ana, si^kiini additional t,oa)p"iwuion im taking the wimis.
| i j Mr. ROBIN^OX: Th'O petiiioiw ul rih/en.s of l<a\v-
! HMH't'fmijr, in the Stale of fndi.ma, pia\  n<  for the cotwi uc-
Mou ot a eana! aioinul the Pulls of the Ohio rim, on th'*
Indiana side.
I i>v .Mi COTT^IAN : Resolutions of the Gcnoial A«som-
j hi\ of Mat Wand, m H'lation jo the establishment of a lijjht
on l\)i t SiilW-*, m I'atnp^eo nvei.
i l>\ Mi t-U'UitnY • The petition of.T M. Heeton, assist-
1 ant mar-hal ot Beaver. Texas, praying for c\tia uompensa-
i tton lot takin«rthe Seventh On^u*.
.Mr. ('ABLK, of Ohio: A memorial tbi the «alp of
i land, and city propmtv, not connected with the public
building noi public service, at public auction, and the pm-
1 ceed* theretiom to be u vot Nl so That the inreie-t thereof
should be applied to a system of common schools in the
Dwtriet of Columbia.
Hv Mi. CHANDLER: The memorial of L. S. Chapman,
of Philadelphia. a>ki'nj aid in piosecntinga discovery o!
impoi tanee to the nation.
Also, the memorial ot the ArtUmon of Philadelphia, as-k-
in^Con«iie-s to employ Mr. P. R. RothermeU to paint an
ln-roncal picture /or the nation.
AUo, the memoual of F.hzabeth MeDouwall, a«kin<r foi a
pension for the services of hei lather in the revolutionary
wai.
UvMr. FLOREIVCE: The memorial of Joseph Rneue,
Oliver P. Cornman, Ldwaid W. Power, A* De KalbTatr,
Egbert Somemdike, and 38 othois cnizcn« of Philadelphia,
petitioning Confess to pass a law giving to the soldiers of
the wai ot J?l*i. and of the Indian wai.*, &e , one hundred
and sixty acres of land.
Kv Mi B A Bt'OCK : The petition of citizens of Osvrrjro
county, New Yoik, praying Congress to make an nppro-
puation for the improvement of the harbor of Port Ontauo.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, May 22, 1852.
Tlie House met at twelve o'clock, m.
The Journal ofyesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER. The business first in order
is the consideration of a bill to appropriate money
to build roads in Oregon.
Mr. RICHARDSON. It is my purpose to move
to go into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, in order that we may get all
the territorial business into a shape where it may
be acted upon. There are thi ee bills yet left, upon
which there has been no action in committee.
Some of them need amendment, and there are
some gentlemen who desne to discuss them, f
think that we may dispose of them to-day; and
for that put pose I now move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the Hout>e resolve itself mto the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. HALL. I ask the gentleman to withdraw
his motion for the purpose of enabling me to in-
troduce a bill from the Committee on Public Lands
in relation to school lands in the Territory of
Minnesota.
Mr. RICHARDSON. 1 will withdraw the
motion for that purpose.
Mr. HALL, by unanimous conspnt, then in-
troduced, from the Committee on Public Lands, a
hill to uppi opnatc lands for the support of schools
in ceitani townships and fractional townships,
not herctoiore piovided for; which was read a first
and second time by its title, and refened to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. RICHARDSON. 1 now renew the mo-
tion to c;o into the Committee of the Whole on tiie
state of the Union.
The question was put, and the motion was
agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole'on the state of the Union
upon the special oider, (Mi-. Stanton, of Ten-
nessee, in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN" stated, as the first business
in order, the consideration of House bill No. 224,
being a bill to amend an act entitled " An act
' to creiitethe office of surveyor general of thepub-
' lie lands in Oregon, and to provide for the survey,
'and to make donations to the settlers of said pub-
' lie lands."
The bill was read through by the Clerk.
Mr. RICHARDSON. That is a bill reported
fioin the Committee on Public Lands, and of which
I know nothing. There are some measures behind
this coming; from the Committee on the Territo-
ries, which it is important should be passed. With
a view therefore of terminating debate upon this
bill, I move that the committee do now rise.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will suggest to
the gentleman that perhaps it might be better to
lay that bill aside informally for the present, and
pass to the othets.
Mr. L VNL obtained the floor.
Mr. flALL. \Wh the consent of the gentle-
man from Oregon, [Mr. La\e,] 1 desire iu ex-
plain that bill. It ss a bill which oiurht to be
explained to the committee; and, 1 think, with
certain amendments ought- to pass. The Com-
mittee on Public Lands, however, thought differ-
ently. There are certain provisions of the bill
which are just, and certainly ought to be adopted.
I hope the bill will not be laid aside, but that it'may
be explained, and discussed by the committee.
Mr. RICIIAIIDSON. Will the gentleman from
Oregon allow me to make a suggestion ? I hope
ho will allow this bill to be passed over for the
present. There ore other bills behind this, which
( ask may be taken up with the understanding
that as soon as they are disposed of, this bill may
again be brought up.
Mr. VENABLR. I have no objection to this
bill. I desire simply to say a single word in rela-
tion to the course it is proposed to pursue in rela-
tion to these bills now left upon the Calendar. 1
think it is a mistaken policy to attempt, to crowd
bills containing important principles and involving
matters of very high import, as those left upon the
Calendar now do, m the space of a few hours.
I do not think it is a wise policy to stop all dis-
cussion, to suppress all debate upon these bills
when we have spent three or four months in dis-
cussing nothing of very high importance to the
country to say the least of it.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair must inform
