1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
527
now propose, and no more, we shall have no dif-
ficulty and no ground of complaint. If it shall
ask more, we shall be free to reject what is asked,
as the British Government is free to reject our ap-
plication.
Sir, this proposition involves a view of the rela-
tions of the parties concerned. The people of
Ireland are affiliated to us, as we are to the people
of Great Britain. Surely there can be no offence
given by a younger member in offering mediation
between the elder brethren of the same family
upon a point of difference between them.
But what if Great Britain should take offence
at this suggestion? What then? Why then
England would be in the wrong, and we in the
right. The time has passed when this country
can be alarmed, by fear of war in such a case.
No one will confess that he indulges any such ap-
prehension. Sir, Great Britain will not take
offence. She knows that her greatness and her
fame are well assured. She has no motive what-
ever to affect wounded sensibility. She will re-
ceive this suggestion in the same fraternal spirit
in which it is made. Nor will she refuse' the
boon. She knows as well as we do, that rigor
protected beyond the necessity of security to the
State, reacts. She knows full well, that for the
present, at least, sedition sleeps profoundly in Ire-
land, and that the granting of this appeal will pro-
tract its slumbers. Great Britain will be thank-
ful to us for our confidence in her generosity, for
her motto is iiParctre subjectis et debellare super-
bos
While it seems to me that it is certain that we
may, with propriety and success, make this ap-
peal to Great Britain, the circumstances in which
we stand, in regard to Ireland, render the duty of
making it imperative. But for the instructions
and example of the United States, Ireland would
never haveattempted revolution in 1798, nor would
^jjpliiam Smith O'Brien now have been an exile;
for if it had not been for those instructions and that
example, Ireland would long ago have sunk into
the slumber of bondage that knows no waking.
Again, sir: the failure of Smith O'Brien and his
associates resulted from the exhaustion of Ireland.
That exhaustion has contributed largely to the ele-
ments of our wealth, strength, and power. If
we had not withdrawn the political and physical
means of self-defence and of resistance from Ire-
land during the last sixty years, she would now
have been able to have maintained a successful re-
bellion. When O'Connell gathered the populace
upon the hill of Clare, he found that Ireland was
deserted by the vigorous, the young, the strong,
and that he was surrounded by the aged, the poor,
and the spiritless. It is these reflection upon the
propriety of the act itself, and upon the relations
m which we stand towards the parties to if, that
persuade my vote in favor of this resolution.
I have suggested to the consideration of the
honorable Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Shields,]
some verbal amendments, which seem to me cal-
culated to improve and perfect the resolution, in
accordance witli the wish he himself expressed.
Their design is to guard more safely the dignity
of Congress and of the United States. If rightly
conceived, they will have that effect. But lam
not tenacious of them. I shall not press them
against the wishes of the Senator from Illinois.
If they shall be adopted, the resolution will have
my vote. If they shall not be adopted, it will have
my vote. The resolution as originally introduced
would have received my support. Equally shall it
have my support in the modified form it has as-
sumed, through deference to the wishes of other
Senators.
And now, sir, when this resolution in any shape
shall have been passed, there can be but one wish
of mine in regard to the subject, that Congress
would have power to gratify: That wish would
be, that he who is now entitled to be regarded as
the mover of the resolution, the honorable Sena-
tor from Illinois, [Mr. Shields,] should be made
the bearer of this appeal to the'SSoveraineGlueeiie,"
in whose will and pleasure the granting of it will
rest. It is the remembrance of a scene m one of the
oldest and best of English poems which suggests
this wish. It would he a goodly and a gracious
sight to see that honorable Senator returning to
his native land after his chivalrous and yet modest
sojourn here, the bearer of a proclamation of am-
nesty from the sovereign of his native country
thus obtained. *And I should rejoice to see the
greeting of him by his countrymen,
" Shouting and clapping all their hands on hight,
That ail the ayre it fils and flyes to Heavene bright."
Mr. BADGER. I had desired to say a few
words on the subject of this resolution, and as the
honorable Senator from New York has concluded
his remarks in briefer space than was expected, I
do not know of a more suitable occasion. After
every examination which I have been able to give
to this subject, I cannot persuade myself that it is
proper that the Congress of the United States
should pass the resolution in any of the forms in
which it has been proposed to our consideration,
or in which it has been suggested that it can be
hereafter made worthier of our approbation. If I
could vote for the resolution in any form, I would
undoubtedly vote for it in that which it has as-
sumed upon the suggestion of the honorable Sen-
ator from Illinois, [Mr. Shields;] and if anything
could persuade me to forego the exercise of my
own deliberate judgment, and put myself under
the mastery of those feelings wnich are apt to be
excited by discussions of this kind, to favor the
adoption of the resolution, it would be the speech
delivered on last Saturday by the honorable Sen-
ator from Illinois, full, as it was, of everything
that can do honor to a man's head and heart.
But whatever my feelings of attachment, con-
sideration, or sympathy for the other nations and
races of the world—and I trust I am not deficient
in those feelings of consideration and sympathy—
I must prefer my own country, my own race, the
people and institutions among which I was born,
and in which I have been reared, to all other na-
tions and all other races in the world. I cannot,
therefore, consent to give my support to any meas-
ure, however commended to us by high consider-
ations of sympathy, which, in my judgment, is
capable of having an unjust and injurious opera-
tion upon the country to which I belong. 1 will
not undertake to say what nation of the earth, if
any, is next in my regard to my own; but any—
all of them—if next, must be after a vast interval
of distance.
This resolution proposes that the Congress of
the United States snail express, and that the Con-
gress of the United States shall declare, and that
we feel it our duty to express an earnest desire that
the Q,ueen of Great Britain will extend her royal
clemency to certain Irish prisoners now confined,
under a sentence, to Van Diemen's Land. Now,in
the first place, I do not feel myself called upon by
my^dutyas an American Senator, to express an^
sentiment upon that subject. But that would be—
that is—the smallest of the difficulties that press
upon my mind. Though I cannot recognize the
duty, yet if no evil consequences could be readily
imagine ! to result from it, I might, nevertheless,
be willing to give expression to the wish. But,
sir, I ask you, who have had no little experience
in the state and condition of our foreign affairs,
and the management of our diplomatic relations
with other countries, and the reciprocal operations
of* proceedings of this kind, whether we can affirm
that there is no danger from the precedent which
we are now setting?
My honorable friend from Michigan, [Mr.
Cass,] m the remarks which he addressed to the
Senate—remarks conceived and expressed, I will
not say with a force and clearness that >vas not
usual with him, but certainly with great force and
clearness—when this subject was under considera-
tion some fortnight ago, laid down some proposi-
tions to which I wish to invite the attention of the
Senate, and to show, if I can, that the mode by
which he undertakes to defend the proceedings
now recommended to us, is one that must, or, at
all events, one that may lead to mischievous coun-
ter interference with our concerns; and that the
suggestions which he has thrown out for the pur-
pose of dissipating the fear of such a result, when
properly considered, are entitled to no weight.
First, the Senator laid down a proposition in
these words:
"Mr. President, a groat change has taken place m the
opinions of the world on the subject of political offences.
They nowhere cair.v with them reproach or shame. They
violate, indeed, existing laws ; hut they generally originate
in the mo-t prai^ewoi thy motives, and are pursued at the >
hazard of every ea thly good, as Washington and a host of
other illustrious men in ancient and modern dajs, pursued
their patriotic enterpiia.es.'1
Again, he says:
" They" (alluding to political offenders) " are recog-
nized as being unfortunate, but not vicious. Indeed, they
are often noble men, as are those whose case engages our
attention, and who deserve the kind interest of the world,
both from their motives and their character, and aiso from
the position, once high, but now low, to whieh they have
' fallen, and in consequence of an effort, made, not for them-
selves, but for their country. It cannot be—there is not the
slightest danger of it—that such a national application will
ever be made, in any case but in one hke this, which is as
larfrom moral guilt as innocence is from crime. Let no
one fear that this example will ever be used, oi abused, for
the purpose of intermeddling in the ordinary criminal pro-
ceedings of other powers."
Again, the honorable Senator says:
"As to improper interference, itsepmstome an entire
misconstruction of the term to apply it to a case like this.
! It is not interference at all; it is intercession. It is a
simple request, made from the best motives, in the best
: spiut, and presented in the most unexceptionable language;
and it loaves the Buush Government iiee to act its own
pleasure, without giving us the slightest offence should the '
result be unsuccessful." i
Now, I wish to say, in the first place, that this
is interference. Intercession is one mo^ of inter-
ference. It is not an offensive mode of interference;
but it is a mode of interference. He who under-
takes to intercede between the judge and the of-
fender—between the sovereign and his convicted
subject, undoubtedly interferes. It seems to me
that the honorable Senator is entirely mistaken in
supposing that intercession is not interference. It
is true that all interference is not intercession, be-
cause we may interfere by threats, by violence,
by blows; but it is no less true, that every inter-
cession is an interference. Then 1 am not exactly
prepared to admit the fundamental, the original
proposition, from which the argument of the hon-
orable Senator from Michigan starts, which is,
that political offences, though they violate exist-
ing laws, aie yet offences accompanied with no
moral guilt. I can conceive of such a thing as
a political offence, which, though violating muni-
cipal laws, is not accompanied with moral guilt;
but I do not think it is regularly, or generally the
case, or can be affirmed as a proposition either
universal, or with but few exceptions. But, as-
suming it to be so: then the honorable Senator
says, we come forward and do not interfere, but
intercede for these political offenders, upon the
ground that they are persons free from moral
guilt; that they are noble patriots, who have been
condemned to agrievousimprisonment—originally
condemned to the forfeiture of life, for the dis-
charge of high acts of patriotic duty to their coun-
try; and that the noblest motives influenced them
in what they had done; and that they are not to
be considered as affected within y species of moral
guilt.
Now, be it so. Assume that it is so, and that
we wish it to be so. How was the transaction
viewed by the British Government? That Gov-
ernment prosecuted these men as traitors—for
an attempt to overturn the existing Government
of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ire-
land. For this offence they were convicted. For
this offence they received the sentence of death;
but the sentence was afterwards commuted to an
expatriation or exile in Van Dieman's Land. It
seems to me that the English Government will
scarcely think, that when they have prosecuted
these men for an offence of this kind, pronounced
by their laws to be capital, when after conviction
and judgment they have not thought proper to
pardon the convicts, but have exchanged the sen-
tence of death to that of banishment from the
realm, that they are honorable and noble men,
who have been influenced by high and patriotic
motives in what they have done. The British
Government look upon them in a far different
light and description. Well, that being the case,
how does it follow that we have no reason to fear,
that if we set this example, we shall not have it
followed with a very unpleasant and disagreeable
interference in the administration of our own
laws?
I come from a part of the country which is
looked upon as especially conservative. When
the breezes of public sentiment are blown until
they have agitated the community into a state of
almost incapacity to judge of what is right and
prudent, m consequence of the proximity to cer-
tain portions of the United States, of motives, and
considerations, and influences, that are apt to stir
them into a great degree of excitement; we are
in the habit of considering a little, (being ourselves
somewhat removed from those immediate causes
that operate to mislead the judgment,) to look a
