2804
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 23.
Mr. Corwin, that his mission to Ohio was, in part,
to negotiate and purchase the support of the lead-
ing; Free-Soil paper of that State for General Scott.
That Mr. Corwin is himselfa " Galphin;" and
that thegentleman from New York, [Mr. Brooks,]
one of the editors of a leading Whig paper in the
city of New York, charges that the election of
General Scott will be a restoration of the " tail of
the Galphin
Now, sir, it is said that some of the evidence
upon which these Mexican claims have been al-
lowed, has most mysteriously disappeared from
the files of the Department, under these circum-
stances I can wait no longer for Mr. Corwin, or
his friend and representative, to call for an inves-
tigation.
I demand, sir, of this House, in the name of the
American people; I demand for the "credit of my
State," and "/or the honor of her citizens of all po-
litical partiesthat these charges be investigated.
Public policy and the interests of the people, de-
mand that this investigation shall be had before
any more of the evidences shall disappear from
the files of the Department.
I may perhaps be told, that there is no occa-
sion for haste, inasmuch as the President of the
United States, knowing the importance of this
testimony, has himself taken custody of this evi-
dence, and placed it under lock and key, that no
more may disappear from the files of the Depart-
ment. But, sir, the sooner this whole transac-
tion receives a thorough investigation, the better
for the country.
Mr. Speaker, there are a few precious sentences
in my colleague's remarks, which characterize his
notions of what constitutes an " honorable warfare."
For illustration, my colleague, in speaking of my
humble self, says:
" My colica«ue who, when a candidate two years ago,
ran home to electioneer the bes t pait of a month before the
adjournment, thereby dodging or evading a vote upon that
test question, of the day—the fugitive slave law ; who 'Gal-
phimzwP upon the public Treasury (in a small way) to
the amount of about $150 for per diem up to the close of the
session."
If this, sir, is honorable warfare," T might show
from the record that my colleague, during this very
session, has been absent a month from this Clouse
attending to his professional business in Ohio, and
drawing his per diem compensation. ' I might
show from the record, that, while we live only
eighty miles apart, and that in returning from the
last Congress I had to pass within a few miles of
his residence; and that, while for the two sessions
of the last Congress I Galpbinized in the way of
mileage the sum of $860, my colleague Galphinized
$1,350 40. But this does not comport with my
notions of honorable warfare and I will, there-
fore, spare my colleague.
Again, Mr. Speaker, my colleague's notions of
"honorable warfare" would seal my lips, and not
suffer me to charge upon General Scott his own
declaration made in 1841, and still unrevoked,
that he was in favor of a Bank of the United
States, and that had he been in the extra session
of Congress in 1841 he would have voted for such
an institution, because, says my colleague, speak-
ing of myself—
Fie admits that he is a renegade Whicf, and wn* about
those days m favor of a United States Bank. He lias h.ul
feome experience iu the shin-plaster business, having onee
b^«'n a subscriber to stock to the amount of $250,000 in a
manufactory of that kind in Ohio."
Why is it, Mr. Speaker, that, in the language
of-my colleague, I am to be pursued " hyena-
like" for onee having been a Whig? I have a
thousand times confessed the fault, and done
" works meet for repentance." As to the charge
of having once been a bank man, I can exclaim,
as did General Harrison in his Dayton speech in
1840, " I am no bank man nou>; / once wos, and
then they cheated me out of every dollar I put in
them." But, sir, if I was once a Whig, General
Scott claims to have once been a Democrat. He
avowed himself to his Rochester friends, in 1839,
as a Jackson Democrat. General Scott and my-
self both changed sides, then, it seems, in 1840.
I do not think anything the worse of General
Scott for having been once a Democrat; and I
trust i may some day be forgiven for having been
so foolish us to have been born a Whig.
Again, Mr. Speaker, my colleague, in his " hon~ j
urable warfare," charges that I dodged the vote j
upon the fugitive slave law, and upon the Hillyer j
resolution. I have never hesitated to avow, that |
had I been in the city when the fugitive slave law
was passed, I should have voted against it. As
an independent measure, I was opposed to it. I
do not now like it. But, as a part of the com-
promise, I am willing to acquiesce in it, until it
shall have received the test of time and experi-
ence. My colleague will find that upon the Hill-
yer resolution, I voted to lay it upon the table, a
vote which my colleague well knows was a test
vote upon the resolution.
My colleague, Mr. Speaker, is a Scott man; he
was one of the wire-workers in the Senate Cham-
ber caucus, and in General Scott's nomination.
He boasts of his consistency, and would not vote
for General Taylor, because he was not pledged
upon the question of slavery. I have in my hand
a letter written by my colleague in 1850, to this
effect;
Hamilton, October 14,1850.
Dear Sir : I have fust received yours of the 11th. X
have an important suit to attend to in the United States
court at Columbus, and I have been written to that I must
be there to try it the latter part of np\t week. It would give
me the greatest pleasure to attend the meeting at Wilming-
ton, but i cannot for this reason. As to the fugitive law, I
condemn and denounce it on all occasions. I am against
its iniquitous and unjust provisions, and all men who sus-
tain it! Ft is the greatest outrage ever perpetrated upon
liberty. I would trample it under foot. I have no right to
dictate to others, but, for myself, I say I will utterly dis-
regard its obligations, and will never cease my opposition
until it is wiped from our statute-books. This is'the position
I took m the tew speeches I made before the election, and
in maintaining it hereafter, T shall not stop to inquire what
effect my course will have upon my success as a politician.
Political success has no charms for me, when purchased at
the sacrifice of justice and right.
Very tiuly yours,
A. Brook. L. D. CAMPBELL.
Horace,Greeley says that he loathes the Whig
platform, and. would spit upon it. He, too, is a
leading Scott man. Senator Wade says, that
Gen. Scott told him that he would let his'right arm
fall from its socket before he would be instrumental
in protecting slavery.99 I am aware, sir, that Sen-
ator Wade now says that he never wrote such a
letter; yet, sir, the letter was read to a Whig Free-
Soil meeting in Ohio, by an honorable ex-member
of this House.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. Does the gentleman
insist Mr. Wade wrote the letter?
Mr. OLDS. I insist that Tilden read the letter
at a meeting of Free-Soilers and Whigs in Ohio.
Mr. STANTON- That rests upon the word of
a newspaper correspondent.
Mr. OLDS. Yes, air, upon a Whig corre-
spondent of a Whig newspaper. I admit the wit-
nesses to be suspicious, yet it is Whig authority.
Mr. POLK. Does the gentleman say that Mr.
Wade did not write such a letter?
Mr. STANTON. Mr. Tilden said that he did
not read any letter whatever, and the charge does
not rest upon the authority of a Whig correspond-
ent of a Whig newspaper, but upon the authority
of an anonymous letter published in the Cleve-
land Plaindealer, a Democratic paper that has
Pierce and King flying at its masthead.
Mr. OLDS. Yet Whig correspondents and
Whig newspapers say, that he not only received
such a letter from Senator Wade, but that he ac-
tually read it to a "Free-Soil Whia: meeting.
The truth is, sir, that both Wade and Tilden
found it to be a u haniy plate of soup," and that
they had better upset the bowl. Consequently,
Wade telegraphed Tilden to destroy the letter.
Tilden called two witnesses, in whose presence he
read" the letter, and then burned it. He now suf-
fers Wade to make the denial, and consents him-
self to be branded a liar, until after the election,
when the responsibility, depend upon it, will be
shifted upon Senator Wade.
Such are the Scott men, and such is General
Scott at the North. Upon the other hand, a Mr.
Addams, one of the Whig delegates to the Scott
convention, corroborated by the testimony of
John M. Botts, Senator Jones, and others, repre-
sents General Scott as being " dead for the fugi-
tive slave laic."
Mr. Addams says, that General Scott held the
following language to the Mississippi delegation:
i( I am well pleased, too, gentlemen, with the platform
you have adopted—it meets my hearty and cordial approval;
and let me assure you, gentlemen, that this is no new-born
faith with me. Years ago I entertained the sentiments
expressed in that plattorm on the subject of southern rights.
[ can ass-uie you that I was one of tiie fir^t to give in my
hearty and cordial approval and indorsement of those meas-
ures, when they were before Congress. There were but
two others ahead of me m point of time m their advocacy
and approval of those measures. I mean Mr. Clay, and
Senator Foote, of your State. As early as 1850, when fust
brought before Congress,! openly avowed myself the friend
of those measures, and then, and since, as many I think as
an average of five tunes a day, have I openly and publicly
declared my sentiments to man, woman, and child, who
has approached me on the subject."
" My name has been coupled with that of Mr. William
H. Seward, and 1 have been charged with entertaining
sentiments in common with him in reference to southern
institutions. Nothing can be more unjust and false. It 13
true, I am personally acquainted with Mr. Seward, and
that he is personally my friend; but I am not responsible
for his peculiar sentiments, nor those of any other man
who may see proper to support me ; and no man living
knows better than he what my opinions are and always
have been. i made his acquaintance some time in the year
J36 or '37. I had not met with him, or corresponded with,
or interchanged communications with him, however, du-
ring the interval from the year >42 to >50. In the latter year,
during the pending of the compromise measure* beibie
Congress, I met with him m traveling through New Jersey.
He approached me upon the subject of those measures, and
asked my opinion in relation thereto. 1 replied to him in
these words : < Sir, I am dead for the Constitution—dead
for the Union—dead for the compromise—anddcad against
any man who is opposed to them or either of them.' The
language used by myself on that occasion was so positive
and' emphatic that, in alluding to it since—for he well re-
members the conversation—he has even charged me with
rudeness."
My colleague says:
lcJ2s to the fugitive law, I condemn and denounce it on
all occasions. I am against ihiniquitovs, cruel, unjust pro-
visions^ and all men who sustain it."
Yet, my colleague is one of the " chief cooks
and bottle-washers" in the Scott organization at
the North. General Scott says:
l(I am dead for the Constitution—dead for the Union—
dead for the compromises, and obad against any
Man who is opposed to it."
Somebody is imposed upon. Either the Worth
or the South is cheated—dreadfully, shamefully
cheated. A greater fraud upon the elective fran-
chise is being perpetrated by General Scott and
his friends than that of Gardiner, Corwin & Co.,
upon the National Treasury. And, sir,although
I do not include this in my investigation resolu-
tion, 1 warn ray colleague, when he accuses me of
deception and dodging, "Men who live in glass
houses should not throw stones."
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I ask my col-
league to withdraw his call for the previous ques-
tion for ten minutes; I will renew it.
Mr. MEADE. I wish to offer an amendment
to the preamble, unless it is accepted as a modifi-
cation of the resolution by the gentleman from
Ohio.
Mr. OLDS. I wish to say to my colleague and
the House, that he had opportunity to make his
attack upon me during a whole hour. 1 have re-
plied only to the allegations that he has made
against me.
The SPEAKER. Discussion is out of order.
Mr. SWEETSER. I hope my colleague will
be allowed ten minutes of reply.
The amendment of Mr. Meade was read by the
Clerk, as follows:
Whereas, a strong suspicion rests upon the public mind
that fraudulent elanns have been allowed by the late Mexi-
can Claims Commissioners, with one of which it is sus-
pected Thomas Corwin, Secretary of the Treasury, has
been nnpioperly connected: therefore, &c.
The SPEAKER. It is not competent for the
gentleman from Ohio to modify his resolution, in
the opinion of the Chair.
Mr. OLDS. Permit me to say I am willing
that my colleague should have the floor ten min-
utes, or half an hour. My anxiety is this: I fear
there may be a disposition to carry this resolution
to the table, by proceeding to other business, and I
may not be able to reach it again. All I ask is,
that an investigation may be had. T have pledged
myself to the country that this investigation shall
be had, and my colleague has pledged himself that
Mr. Corwin would challenge investigation. I
withdraw my call, on the condition that it shall be
renewed by my colleague.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I wish to
ask the gentleman, as I expect to vote for his res-
olution, whether, under the circumstances, he in-
tends to serve upon the committee ?
Mr. OLDS. I will not serve upon the commit-
tee. I shall ask the Speaker to excuse me.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 supposed not, as you have
already condemned him.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I do not rise, Mr.
Speaker, for the purpose of following my colleague
through the remarks he has just'submitted. I
consider the time of the House, at this late period,
too precious to be consumed in exposing my col-
league, further than I have already been compelled
