THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $3 FOR THIS SESSION.
32d Congress, 1st Session.
WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 25, 1852.
New Series....No. 145.
by a sense of duty to do. The old issue between
us is not changed by anything he has said, and I
address myself simply to the new points he has
raised.
He hag again inquired why I did not demand,
in behalf of Secretary Corwin, an investigation
into his connection with the Gardiner claim. I
have already stated the very satisfactory reason
that no responsible person had been found to assert
a charge of improper or corrupt conduct. Some
months ago, when my colleague had the floor, un-
derstanding him to insinuate such a charge, I did
promptly rise in my place, and put to him the
question directly, as to whether he made such a
charge. And I then said that Mr. Corwin would
challenge investigation whenever any responsible
man was found to assert the charge on this floor.
Whether I was so reported, I do not know, as
there was much confusion in the Hall at the time,
and I have never looked at the published report.
I have always asserted, that whenever there was
found a responsible father for this calumny, in-
vestigation should come. But no such person has
ever been found. Even my colleague has prefaced
his resolution by saddling the charge upon public
rumor. I should indeed be treacherous to my
duty, were 1 to demand here an investigation of
any man's conduct, involving large expenditures of
the public money, upon any idle and libelous ru-
mor that may have been originated by hired dem-
agogues to blacken the fame of honest men. Sir,
I come here for no such purpose.
A word, sir, as to the creation of this slander-
ous rumor as to Secretary Corwin and the Gard-
iner claim. I charge that my colleague has manu-
factured it. More than a year ago, I remember
he came to the town in which I reside, to address
a Democratic meeting. He there made pretty
much the same speech on general politics that he
refreshed us with here the other day, except as to
the allusion to the Secretary of the Treasury. He
then, in an insinuating manner, sought to cast a
stigma upon his character for integrity. Deter-
mined to bring the matter to a point, I was unwill-
ing that even in a Democratic meeting, where I
had no rights, the character of that man who had
been personally known to most of the audience as
honorable and upright from his boyhood, should
be blackened by insinuations, I interrupted my
colleague, and inquired whether he made the
charge that, as Secretary of the Treasury, he had
acted improperly in regard to this claim. He then,
sir, before that Democratic meeting, disavowed
that charge, and confined it to the fact that he was
attorney for the claimant whilst he wasaSenator.
Yet, sir, 1 have heard that he passed on through
the State of Ohio, from Hamilton, from stump to
stump, with the base insinuation upon his tongue
that the Secretary was corrupt.
Mr. OLDS, (Mr. Campbell yielding to him
for explanation.) When 1 was proceeding with
my remarks at Hamilton, and was speaking of
the fact, that Mr. Corwin, while acting as Sen-
ator, and receiving eight dollars a day of the
people's money, had taken a fee from the other
side as a claim agent against the Treasury, my
colleague arose, and in putting his question to me,
made a disclaimer that Mr. Corwin, before he
went into the office of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, sold out his interest in that claim. He made
an admission of the very thing I charged. In
reply to him I said this: How does that change
the condition of Mr. Corwin ? If this was a fraud-
ulent claim, and he sold it for a valuable consid-
eration, does he wish his friends to understand
that he cheated the man to whom he sold the
claim in New York? or did he have an under-
standing with the gentleman in New York that on
being Secretary of the Treasury that claim would
be paid ? 1 told him to take which horn of the di-
lemma he chose.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The House will perceive,
Mr. Speaker, that my colleague now admits sub-
stantially, what £ have said, that there, in that
Democratic meeting, his charge was simply that
Governor Corwin, whilst Senator at eight dollars
per day, had no right to employ his leisure time, not
145
taken up by duties in the Senate, in pursuing his
profession, and acting as an attorney for claimants.
Vet his charge in his speech on this floor to which
I replied, was one of high crime, viz: Subornation
of perjury and willful frauds upon the Treasury
over which he has control. On the subject of
Senators and members of Congress, acting as at-
torneys in the prosecution of their profession be-
fore our courts, commissioners, and departments,
without going into details or discussing the pro-
priety of it, I have but to say, for my present
purpose, that such has always been the practice
of men of all parties here, from time immemorial.
As a party charge, then, my colleague makes noth-
ing by that.
But, Mr. Speaker, as if driven to the wall by
his former charges against my distinguished con-
stituent, my colleague now makes others. He
says that Mr. Corwin, learning that this searching
resolution had been offered, left the city for Ohio.
Sir, I cannot now stigmatize this charge as it
should be marked. I have only to say, as is well
known to many members here, that Mr. Corwin
had left for Ohio, more than twenty-four hours
before my colleague proposed to offer his resolu-
tion, and was, perhaps, half way to his journey's
end before my colleague drew it from his pocket.
In fact, sir, I believe it was the knoweledge of
lus absence that induced its presentation at that
particular time. Besides, sir, the Secretary's ac-
quaintances all know that lus health imperatively
required his absence, and the idea that my col-
league's self importance has conjured up, that he
left to avoid his puny assaults, will be regarded
as the veriest absurdity where either of the par-
ties are known.
But my colleague says that Mr. Corwin went
to Ohio to purchase-up some Free-Soil paper. It
would be well for my colleague if he makes this
new charge to amend his resolution and have that
investigated also. It will save the expense upon
the public Treasury, over which he has consti-
tuted himself a guardian, to do so, and to have all
his charges examined at once, and all his slanders
silenced by one report. As to this new charge, I
have but to stigmatize it, as I did others of a simi-
lar character, a few days since, as wholly desti-
tute of any foundation in truth.
Mr OLDS. I did not make the charge. I
only said that public rumor said so.
Mr. CAMPBELL. My colleague always deals
in public rumors. It is my colleague who goes
from stump to stump, in Ohio, from day to day,
week to week, and month to month, casting asper-
sions upon the characters of honest men, and
when brought to account for it, conceals his
beautiful person beneath the ample and filthy
folds of the under garments of that old hag, "Hu-
mor." It is he who goes around the country,
worming his poisonous slanders into the ears of
the unsophisticated and credulous yeomanry of
the land, against honorable men; and when sum-
moned for his proofs, gives the whispers of her
foul tongue. Of all character of persons, Mr.
Speaker, in my judgment, those who seek to de-
stroy or impair the reputations of their fellow-
men, by retailing the malicious whisperings of
public rumor, thus evading the responsibilities
which honorable men are ever ready to assume,
are most deserving of public scorn and public
contempt. My colleague hasjust given us his own
evidence to show that he is entitled to the credit of
being a.leader amongst this class of men.
So far, then, as the Secretary of the Treasury
is concerned, I only desire to say, that my col-
league has long been engaged in this work of poi-
son—this system of creating opinion upon idle
rumors. If the House deem it due, either to the
public interest, or to the character of Secretary
Corwin, which has had aspersions cast upon it by
my colleague in this manner, that there should be
an investigation, J not only ask it, but demand it.
All that I would ask, as his friend and represent-
ative, and all. I know, that he would ask, is a fan-
arid impartial committee, who, ridding themselves
of all party prejudices, will investigate his con-
nection with this claim, and if they choose, the
whole history of his life. I feel confident, sir,
and I repeat it, that the calumnious charge of cor-
ruption against him, will vanish before "the.light
of fair investigation, as dust does before a tornado.
Now, Mr. Speaker, a few words as to my col-*
league's assault upon me. His personalities 1
cannot notice without a violation of the principles
of honor, or without stooping from the dignity
which my position here requires me to maintain.
Upon the point of personal veracity, I have but
to say, that in my remarks the other day, I moved
the " previous question" on my colleague on this
point, which certainly cuts off all debate on this
floor. 1 have nothing further to say upon that
question; but I have to say to him, in reply to
his sneering allusion to my physical size, that
although I only weigh about one hundred and
twenty-five pounds avoirdupois, I will waive that
difference readily and cheerfully, if he has any
wrongs to avenge, by an effort at personal chas-
tisement. Though I do not profess to be either
good-looking or physically strong, I am ready to
compare the personal appearance which God has
given me with his, and that may be found large
enough, and strong enough, and able enough to
defend myself or a friend on this floor, or any
other proper place, intellectually or physically,
from the effect of his puny assaults.
Mr. OLDS. I do not wish to take any ad-
vantage of my friend in consequence of the small-
ness of his size. It reminds me of the two men
who went out to fight n duel. One was a large
and the other a small man; and it was agreed that
the large man should mark out the size of the little
man upon his person, and that if he were shot
outside of that mark it should not go for anything.
I will make the same arrangement with my col-
league.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Mr. Speaker, my col-
league's effort at wit is quite as feeble as his at-
tempts to destroy men's reputations. If he can
satisfy himself with it, I have nothing more to
say.
Mr. Speaker, my colleague has charged that I
was absent from the House for some three weeks
during this session. That is true, sir. Let him
have credit for having uttered a truth here! After
a long absence from friends and business, and
after many months of laborious attention to every
inteiest of my constituents here, I did, in the
spring, go home. But, sir, I availed myself of'a
period in our business when it was scarcely pos-
sible that any question would be voted upon in
which my constituents had either a direct or re-
mote interest. Not so with my colleague's ab-
sence, to which I incidentally alluded to show that
he was not the proper person to charge that Mr.
Corwin, as Senator, had neglected his duties. He
was absent for several weeks at the close of the
session, into which, we all know, the important
business of Congress is crowded. He was not at
his post at the time when your Treasury is plun-
dered, if plundered at all—at the close, when every-
thing is passed in hot haste—when the " Galphin-
izers'" look for a harvest. My colleague was not a
sentinel then, at the close of theever-to-be-remem-
bered first session ofthe Thirty-firstCongress. He
was not here when the fugitive slave law was passed.
Where was he? Echo answers: " At home elec-
tioneering, and proving his fidelity to Free-Soil
principles." Sir, I was here. The record shows
it. 1 have been here whenever every great ques-
tion of public interest during my service has been
voted upon, and especially during the memorable
session of 1849—'50.
But my colleague complains that he has not re-
ceived enough mileage, or that I have received too
much. On this point I desire only to say, that
the Committee on Mileage, which is a Democratic
committee, settled the matter for me without my
interposition. I had nothing to do in the matter,
except to answer their interrogatories, that I lived
in Hamilton, Ohio, twenty miles north of Cincin-
nati. Upon this, they allowed me for twenty
miles more travel than they gave my Democratic
colleague, [Mr. Disney,] who resides in the city
of Cincinnati. In fact, sir, I have never looked into
