1442
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 22,
supply of arms for that purpose, and am informed
at the War Department, that there is now in the
.depot at Fort Union a large supply of muskets,
muskefoons, and rifles. These volunteer com-
panies would be composed of citizens Mexican and
American by birth. Being brought into immediate
contact with each other, and engaged m a common
cause—thdr own protection and defense—much,
very much, would be done to remove their mutual
prejudices. I cannot consent to furnish the inhab-
itants of New Mexico with arms, until they are
called into the military service of the country. I
cannot consent, when we have the rumor of an
insurrection in that Territory, to vote that arms
may be placed in the hands of the inhabitants of
that Territory, to be, perhaps, hereafter used in a
more formidable insurrection—to arm those whom
perhaps we may be compelled to chastise—to place
weapons in their hands to be used against the legal
and constituted authorities of the Territory.
These are the reasons why I have felt it incum-
bent upon myself to oppose the first section of
this bill; at least, so much of it as applies to the
Territory of New Mexico.
Mr. RICHARDSON. It is very apparent that
we cannot get through with the territorial busi-
ness unless we terminate debate. I move that the
committee rise.
The question was then put on the motion, and
it was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose, and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the chairman of the
committee reported, that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union had had the state
of the Union generally under consideration, and
particularly the special order, being House bill
No. 259, and had come to no conclusion thereon.
Mr. RICHARDSON. 1 move that all debate
in the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union upon bill No. 259, be closed in fifteen min-
utes after the committee shall have again resumed
its consideration.
The question was then put, and the motion was
agreed to.
Mr. LOCKHART. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, upon the special order.
The question was then put, and the motion was
agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Stanton, of Tennessee, in the chair,) and
resumed the consideration of House bill No. 259.
Mr. WEIGHTMAN. The object of this bill
has been well explained by the chairman of the
Committee on the Militia. It has for its object the
distribution of arms, ammunition, &c., to the peo-
ple of New Mexico and Oregon, to enable them to
protect themselves against the incursions of the
savage Indian foes who surround them.
The measure proposed by tins bill has been rec-
ommended by the Secretary of War, by the Gen-
eral-in-Chief, by the Q.1uu termaster-General, and
1 believe, by the Interior Department. It is rec-
ommended as a measure of defense, and as a meas-
ure of econemy.
Besides being recommended, it has to a certain
extent been curried out by the present commander
of the troops in New Mexico, Colonel Sumner,
without express authority of law, because of the
urgent existing necessity of such a step in New
Mexico. And yet the honorable gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. Piielps] objects to placing arms
in the hands of the people of New Mexico.
That Colonel Sumner has issued arms to the
people to a certain extent in order to their self- j
protection against Indians, I know from a com- !
munication of a Mr. Merritt to the Santa Fo Ga- j
zette, who mentions the fact as a reproach on t
Colonel Sumner, who is charged by this person i
with, by this act, degrading the Jinny. I
The acts and doings of Colonel Sumner, whose j
fame is of record in the military history of the !
country, have met little of the approbation of'
a certain class in New Mexico, whom the honor-
able gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Piiei.ps] rep-
resents on this floor. The Governor of New
Mexico is not approved by this class, nor the
people of the country. Yet the previous charac-
ter of the officers I have named would justify the
belief that they desire to perform the duties which
their Government has confided to them, and reason
mid common sense would induce us to believe that
the people desire to promote their own welfare and
happiness. Yet those whom the honorable gentle-
man represents, object to people, governor, and
commander of troops.
The difficulty is, that the persons whom the hon-
orable gentleman represents, are in nowise inter-
ested either in promoting the general prosperity of
the people I represent, or in the protection of .the
country against Indian invasion. They do not
like the late movement of the troops from the
towns to the frontiers. Though most persons
would suppose that this was a good movement, as
against Indians who are not residents of the towns,
the friends of the honorable gentleman do not ap-
prove.
Few or no contracts are now given out. The
corn and grass trade is ruined, and the price of
calicoes has come down.
How is the giving out of contracts to be stimu-
lated—the corn and grass trade revived, and the
price of calico to be advanced?
Much could be done if the troops could be recalled
from the frontier again to garrison the towns.
Rumor upon rumor has been put ailoat in New
Mexico of "war between the races," of " danger
to American lives," and insurrectionary move-
ments. To some of these the honorable gentle-
man has alluded, and, indeed, what was rumor in
the beginning and rumor at last, he has assumed
as fact. He has alluded to the death of Mr. Skin-
ner, which he has characterized as a " brutal mur-
der," committed by a Mexican. This matter was
examined into by the chief justice of New Mex-
ico, a countryman of the deceased, and not a Mex-
ican, who, after a careful examination of witnesses,
a number of whom were friends of the deceased,
gave the opinion I now read:
opinion of the court.
" The testimony in this case establishes, with reasonable
certainty, these tacts : 1st. Thar the deceased, befoiennd at
the time of hif death, chenshed feelings of a hostile charac-
ter towards the accused. 2d. That, in accordance with
these leelings, he hud threatened him with personal chas-
tisement, ol a natine the mo«*t degrading lo an honorable
moid These fact-* are proved by the witness, Thomas. He
states that he had no leason to suppose that the threats
were pointed at Ambrosio Armijo: and the deceased having
made the a^nuit upon the accused immediately atter an in-
teivievv with Ambrosio, the leasonable presumption is, that
thev were aimed at the accused. 3d. That at the tune the
attack was made, the accused was in his store, engaged in
his ordinal y puisuiN ; and that the assault upon him by the
deceased was a matter of sin pi tse, and wholly unexpected.
4th. That the deceased entered the stoie with a hostile in-
tention, and aimed for deadly conflict. 5th. That prior lo
the giving of the fatal blow, several other persons became
engaged in the conflict.
'* I u view of these facts, suppose the deceased had killed
the accused, what would have been the character ol his
ennie? Hearing malice against the accused, as it appears
he did, he would have incuned the guilt of murder of the
d.ukestdje. A man's house has been stj led his •castle,'
and the law holds it saeicd from all unlawful intrusion.
Rut this was a store, and it may he said that all persons
might lawfully enter theie. True, all peihons might, during
piopei horns, lawfully entoi, provided it be for a lawful
puipo?-e; but against ihe liitim-ion of all peisonsactuated
hv unjustifiable motives, the law holds u as sacied a* jt
does iu> dsvelhng, thecal thlv sanetnaiy of his family.
u When the deceased entered the t-toie in the manner
shown by the evidence, and pie-cnted his cocked pistol at
the bre.'ii-t o# the aeeused, luid lie c<m-e W apprehend that
gieat bodily haim was about to be inflicted upon him ? That
he had. the point is satisfied, and had lie then taken the life
of the deceased it would have been a clear case of
ahtc ItOiau.idc, m\([ the couit would not have hesitated a mo-
ment to diseJiaige him.
" So, too, if he had killed him after theygot from b^ajnd
the counter, or after thev got out of the stoie, or afffiny
time befon' the nitcrfi'ionee of third persons, provided the
diM'eaf-ed stifi retained the means ami the power, and mam-
Jested the intention, to do the deceased some gieat bodily
haim.
" It is the necessity of taktng the life of an assailant, in
oider to prevent him doing one some great bodily harm, that
constitutes the justification in the eye of the faw. When
that necet>i,ity ecases, the justification also ceasos. Whethui
the ner-es-oty, which did at one time exist in tins ease,
ceased befoie the fatal blow was given, js a matter involved
m much obscurity, and one about/which the couit has. se-
rious doubts. It would seem that the timely interference
of two or three bystanders, piopeity dnected, might have
rendered it unnecessary, for the safety of the accused, to
take the life of the deceased.
" Considering all the facts and circumstances: of the case,
in the entire absence of any proof of malice oi ill feeling on
the pait of the accused towards the deceased, it seems to
the court that the highest offense they couid constitute
would be one of the lower grades of manslaughter.
"The eoutt will i equire the accused to enter into bond,
with one qi more uood and sufficient sureties, m the sum of
$1,500, conditioned according to law for his appearance at
the next term of the district court of the United States, for
the third judicial district of the Terntoiyof New Mezico,
to be held at the court-house of the county of Bernalillo, on
the 25th day of October, 1851, and in default of such bail
that he stand committed to the jail of the said county until
discharged by due course of law,"
In no court in the United States would this be
considered a " murder," and in my opinion noth-
ing1 was established to show manslaughter, or any-
thing else than justifiable homicide.
A man engaged in lawful business, under his
own roof-tree, with his pen, an implement of
peace, in his hand, who, startled and surprised by
the presentation of a pistol at his head in the hands
of an enemy, kills his assailant—justifiably kills him 9
and commits neither murder nor manslaughter.
At the succeeding court, presided over, not by
the^chief justice before whom the examination was
had, but by another countryman of the deceased,
Hon. Judge Mower, well known to the delegation
from Michigan, the grand jury found no bill against
Mr. Juan Cristobal Armijo, whom the honorable
gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Phelps] has said9
and said truly, is one of the most respectable men
in New Mexico, and I say he will suffer by no
comparison with the honorable gentleman himself.
Yet after all this the honorable gentleman says
a " brutal murder " has been committed. Who
believes it?
This is the horrible case—the u brutal murder "
to which the honorable gentleman has alluded,
and is one of many rumors which have been cir-
culated and sent to the United States, the tendency,
if not the object, of which has been to effect the
recall of the troops from the frontier to the towns
—from the frontier where they have been ordered
to chastise the barbarian enemies of New Mexico,
to the towns—for the avowed purpose of protect-
ing American lives, and for the real purpose of in-
suring a good sale of corn and hay, plenty of Gov-
ernment contracts for the honorable gentleman's
constituents, and of advancingthe price of calico.
If ever there has been a people who, under our
Government, have been harassed and oppressed,
it is the people of New Mexico.
After all that has taken place, the neglect of the
Government of the United States cannot be ex-
cused. I will not here, in my place, under these
circumstances, when it is proposed to deny to the
people of New Mexico the poor boon of defending-
themselves against the attacks of the savage foes
by whom they are surrounded—I will not extenu-
ate the neglect of the Government, or the conduct
which many of my countrymen in New Mexico
have pursued towards the New Mexicans. I am
here to execute my duty, and I intend to do it
without fear, favor, or affection.
The New Mexicans have been neglected by the
Government, and maltreated and oppressed by
that portion of my countrymen in New Mexico
who are represented by the honorable gentleman
from Missouri,—persons who have not a single
eye to the public good in New Mexico, but an-
other one, also, which squints somewhat towards
their own personal profit or loss, and looks beyond
to the time when, with the money they may be
able to make out of the JVew JWexicans, they will
return to the section in which they do feel an in-
terest. The Governor of New Mexico is op-
posed by these people, and his offense in their eyes
is, that he has stood between them and the people
at whose expense they desired to secure selfish
and personal ends. Among the apprehensions of
the honorable gentleman,is onethat the arms pro-
posed to be distributed by this bill will be sold or
given by the New Mexicans to the murdering and
plundering Indians who are now laying waste
their country. J have not the time, in the few
minutes allowed me, to take up and consider all the
points presented by the honorable gentleman, else
I should be happy to do so.
I have before me a table prepared at the Census
Bureau, showing the loss of stock in the different
counties m New Mexico by Indian depredations,
from August 1st, 1846, to January 1st, 1851, from
which I will read to the committee:
NEW MEXICO.
Counties.
Santa Fe.... 7,713
Taos  9,507
Rio Amba... 10,668
Popula-
tion.
Stock run off by Indians from Au-
gust 1, J8-f6, to January 1,1851,
Sheep. Mules. Horses. Cattle.
Ran Miguel..
Santa Anna..
Bernalillo...
Valencia....
.,074
4,615 ;
7,751 1
14.147 '
16,260
17,080
43,480
50,000
154,915
171,558
Total  61,505 453,293 11,887 1 7.050 31,581
570
1,032
1,960
7,000
749
576
267
3,764
658
3.000
37*2
894
5,600
2,38-2
20,000
1,302
1,403
