530
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb, IK
that Government would scarcely have recognized
the force and validity of the distinction which is
assigned by trie honorable Senator from Michigan.
What would that reason ber 44 We asked you to
interfere in behalf of Smith O'Brien and his asso-
ciates because they were high and meritorious men,
and only sought to destroy the Constitution of the
United Empire, to throw off the connection and
destroy the dependence now existing: between the
parts of that mighty Empire. That was all they
attempted, therefore it was a proper case for our
interposition; but in this ease, these men did not
seek to destioy the Government and Constitution (i
of the country; they only sought to prevent the '■
execution of one of its laws; and therefore they are j i
such-great offenders that it is utterly intolerable ||
that you should-be allowed to interpose your i*ood i'
offices in their behalf, or, at all events, thi t these
good offices can receive the favorable consideration
of this Government." j
There is nothing in th - distinction which the
1 of sympathy—noble patriots entitled to liberty.
England does not think so, or she.would liberate
them. Then v/e interpose, becau.se we have a
view, with regard to their case, diiferent from that
taken by the English Government. Then it is
reasonable that, when political offences may be
committed here, the English Government has pre-
cisely the same right to interpose, by their good
offices, in behalf of those whom that Government
may recognize as champions of humanity—as no-
ble and choice spirits of the earth—but whom our
laws condemn to severe and condign punishment.
That is my objection.
Mr. CASS. The Senate will pardon me while
I say a word more. I wish to go back" to my
; original proposition, which is precisely this:
; That any oppressed people, when they strive to
: change their government—whether the result of
' their effort be revolution or rebellion—are not
gii'lty of moral turpitude in the eyes of God and
| mail.* That is my proposition; and that, is the
Senator urges, which ran have any application to t! prevalent opinion at the present day. Otherwise
the objections \v hich 1 have raised. I do nut undei - • you make the criminality dependent entirely upon
take to decide the question whether Smith O'Brien j| the event. And you can make no cauilo^ue
which will not include Washington and his coun-
try men, and all that host of patriots who de-
voted their lives and fortunes to the service of
then* country. That is my proposition.
JVIy honorable friend usks: For what were these
men sent to Van Dieman's Land, if they were not
and his associates were right or wron^r. I will
assume, for the purpose of this discission, that
they were right: that their country was laboring
under intolerable oppression; and that it was at
once their right and their duty to employ force, in
order to deliver her from the tyrannical conduct of
her oppressors across the Channel. Assuming
that, how completely will it be retorted upon us in
the supposed events to which I have referred, and
which were once supposed hkrly to have hap-
pened? And how easily may Great Britain re-
turn upon us, and say, thai tiie:-"e were noble and
j guilty of mornl turpitude?
j * Mr. BADGER. I did not ask any such ques-
! tion.
' Mr. CASS. I understood my honorable friend
; also to allade to the case of Prance, in support of
his proposition. I can toJI him why men have
generous spirits; vindicators* of oppressed human- !j been sent from France. It is because Louis Na-
ity, rushing forward at their personal hazard, i. poleon has f?ot th* power; and no man will s.iy
without any imliwduu! interest in the qursiion, j] tlmt such men ay young Lafayette ;>r,d L'Estare
and sacrificing their all to prewnt those who h.ul
escaped from jii unjust and barbarous scjvuntie
from being resloied «o the dominion of their m.ms-
were guilty of moral turpitude.
I Mr. jjAnGEn. I never said so.
ter.s. If we set this example, we shall have no
right, as I  >niK"i\e, to consider it an impioper in-
terference on the pert of the Government of Great
Britain, if, und*-r the oircumsianeos I have men-
tioned, she should interpose her good offices.
The honorable Senator says that he knows
nothing about \)w spirit of the for the last fifty
years, who does not understand that political of-
fences are no longer regarded as accompanied by
moral turpitude. 1 do not understand that any
such proposition has gone forth to the world.
We all know this: that political offences tire looked
upon as very venial by all nations in the woild,
except those against which 'hey wc committed.
Hut does the C/ar of Russia look upon a political
offence ;;q;,uifst Ins crown ami government as r e-
eomomu.'d with no nnu.il criminality -
England, a? in this u-ry case of the exiles in Van j
Diemans i^ud' 1)<k s jEnuice, under the model !
Republic, m which has terminate! tlie !onoiiseou- \
sohdaiion of liberty with the nr mi of democracy, |
over which w e sung on r juh it ante* a few years nifu r |
Does her Goveuniu-nr look upon those offences in i
that light 5 I )o^m he gf.vt*rnnif nt look upon poht- !
ical otiencey n« uuniero of tririal concern, not nc- '
Companied with morni rulpnoihiv W!.\ r«re the ■
vessels oj the I'Vt nch iniirui* tiov. pu! i'uo renin- 1
sirion tor the ruu-po^e of carrying nwav hun-
dreds .md thousands of tin* eiti/ens of the i\va< h :
nation—1 had Mmost said Republic ? We know
that some oi ihc br.s; ,<>;d ,hom exccilenr
pie of that country h.i '* hc<*n uepoj-tcd i
aal rolomes—! v);,\lic:{ fro.n ,Sk-it i-'mhi ry.
States Ji-.oti-s-f wn/--h polif'c.i.' o ,,'ic
muted, never record ih in she w hi,'
Senator suppose - I'bertj m:iv* <> ■
history oi snch (aoverumeiits M; v/lnch rhc f<
guilt oi the I'olltieol uii'ence is eoimdete, '
what is supposed to be (.he essence of the crime
wonting; and when theoc case* occur the Go"\r'>rn- ■
inent shows, it by ^xiendmg ,t pardon, or discon-
tinuing i\it prosecution, ()r passing it over.
I wish a tu he understood, m conclusion, that
my objection tc. this measure is not founded on
the deiermined, or asserted, or intimated ground,
that these unfortunate gentlemen were morally i
criminal; that they were not politically justifiable; i
that the condition of things did not warrant, and i
.1.e^U1.re' |*e9r>rt to force to accom
Mr. CASS. 1 am happy that i was mi.-onken.
: F supposed that my friend went upon the ground,
, tfuit tliere was moial turpitude because these men
wero sent away. It was simply nn act of power;
, nothing less, nothing more.
Mr. IJA.DGER. The honoraiile Senator per
sists very strangely in misstating whai I sny. I
know he does not design it.
Mr. CASS. Certainly not.
Mr. BADGER. I have given no expression of
1 my opinion on the question of moral turpitude.
1 I have Miid over and over again, that I gave no
opinion on any such matter. I say that the Gov-
: ernments agumst which political offences are cotn-
I mitted do not regard political offe-ider* as being
patriots influenced by high and lofty motives, and
worthy of consideration and regard. They look
Does i1 upon them aseummnU, and therefore punish*them.
17 That is what 1 have said, and  ii that 1 ho\e said
! on that point. My argument is entirdy thperid-
, ent on that, as 1 have endeavored to explain moie
than once. It depends on the pioonsition which i
have stated, and now restaie, that if v e interfere
in behalf of those whom another Government
! deems vv<niiiy of punishment, because we think
1 them excellent persons, deserving no punishment,
\Uf'V niay interfere in regard io persons they
may deem engaged in laudable efforts to ser aside
our laws for the purpose of setting up a higher
system m obedience to the higher !;nv,'though we
deem them criminals, and wish to subject them
to the severest punishment.
Mr. SHIELDS, i do not mean to f-nter into
this debate on the present occasion, and I sb.-^! not
make any reninrks of my own. Since • uKJie a
few lemnrks on Saturday last. [ have recened a
kttcr from a <on!jeman whf^e Ojanions i think
!!its Senate wni itopcci. He is aSoutliem gtnUe-
n^uj. and peihaps aw sensitive in rcl/uiim to
Soutlnuri ritrhiv n-- my hooor^l-.l^ friend from
Xorfh Carolij)a. J at one time ft It uisj f.sed to
tooch upon rhis very point, _ Were 1 a Southern
man, I shonid be proud of it; but ceitainly, w:th
ail respect for the South, [ should h^ifaV as r >
the propriety ot bringing m tliat very sensitive
question upon ail occasions. I should not fee! that
i was estopped from expressing my sympathy
with the unfortunate, because I happened to be a
Southern man. But I do not mean to touch on
that point.
pen-
> pe- ,
The |
h the
a *h'
inn-d '
i'e
alL^On\hai°l civeno onhuoif^ R T™' &t - -Here is a letter whic!l 1 have received from a
is this; we think many of them wortlfv^lbiects cultivated Southern gentleman—a Virgin- :
vouny subjects Jail, who represented this r.ountry at the Court of i
| St. James. Permit me to say, that while there,
! no man ever represented this country it that
; Court, or at any other Court, who was more sen-
! sitivecs to this very question. I very well recol-
, lect, that at one time a difficulty arose between
i him and a very powerful man of the time.? and of
i the occasion—Mr. O'Connell—on some question
j of this kind. I ask that the letter may be read,
i bccause I think that he presents the matter about
j as forcibly hs H could be presented in a speech.
| The Secretary read the letter, as follows:
OEpRSETOWNj February 1th, 1552.
i1 My dbar Sir: 1 regret tliut I wad unable to g.-ttoth^
1! Senate Cnamber tbis morning, to hear th" whole of your
i; admirable speech upon the resolution m behalf of O'Brien
11 and his associates. What I did hear, pave ine gieat plcas-
l i ure, and did you liisjli honor, not only as a man :md frisli-
I- man, but as "an Auierican Senator. I hope to your
1, speech fully ieponed,and might a«k the favor of you to send
mr <i copy to Manchester, South Carolina, where 1 am go
■ uig for a lew weeks-, on a vi«it. I was forcibly struck with
; the picture you diew of Iielaud and her pio-eni p.tiKition,
' in cjnnection with Great Britain. It wus eloquem'y, ably,
and faithfully done ; and nothing can be more true, ihriii the
1 opinion you expiessed, as to the cflect of your resolution,
, and the course and policy of the British Government on
the subject of it. If it pa^e-4 Conj/re?-?. it will b ad to the
' immediate relief of those unfortunate men, I venture to say.
The Ministry will seize upon it as the means ot extending
elemenev and mercy, winch, without it, they ininht fet!
, some difficulty indoimf. The true policy now, of Kugiand,
. i< to conciliate Ireland; to compose the dissensions of the
Irish people, no? to lart the embers of ^vbdued rebeAHon and
vgUuii'ja; not to array Protestant against Carbolic, and
■ Catholic against Protectant; but by uniting all elasse-of the
: population of this ill-fated country around the Constitution-.
: and extending rncrcy to her deluded and misguided people,
j Justice is satisfied, and the la^s vindicated. The great lie
pealer and Agitator is m his grave. lie and his munoiy are
j buried, and his despotic power and boundlers popularity
. have vanished with him. The great masses now, on both
sides the Channel, believe that union with Great Butam
essential to the treedom and resuscitation of Ireland; cer-
tami> to us future greatness, instead, then, of prosecution *
. and chain* and yibbPt*, England know< and feelsih.it ir i-
! bv kindneav and justice and clemency, rhatthr- Iiish nation
i\tv to be governed and deemed worthy of being die asiy of
' a mmhty Empire. God and nature have mada th" two
countnus ('-.♦eniial to each otlicr, and a anal ^epaoaion
, would be f.ual to each. Tins is my opimmi, an.i I nave
1 some iiirht to form it, fioni a knowledge of both, r know,
tosi, tbnr nunv of the wisest and bestmen in En^iand and
lr< land concir in this opinion. T hope that the resolution
will pass, and that all the benefits you anticipate may re
suit fiom Is.
Veiv ti uly and respcctfullv. vour friend and obedient >-t r-
' vnnr, * " " A. flTJTVJCN'SOY.
: General J. Shields.
Mr. SHIELDS. I have taken the liberty of
; having that letter read, because this gentleman,
i who .Is well acquainted with diplomatic propriety,
seems to regard this as wholly harmless oi this
; respect. He is well acquainted, too, with the dis-
! position of the English Government, and wuh the
j condition of the English and Irish people.
; With re^pct to the amendments to my amend
■ ment which have been submitted by the -Senator
, from jNc\v York, I am quite willing to accept them,
if it can be done consilient!}* with the rule^ of the
Senate.
The PRESIDENT, 'i'be Senator cannot accept
th^-m. The question is on amending the amend*
ment as proposed.
Mr. MASO>", Mr. President, 1 listened with
very great pleasure, on a former day, to the re-
marks which fell from the Senator from Illinois,
who stands here now, I believe, the immediate
patron of this resolution. Nofie c'in doubulun
the interest which he takes in this subject, besides
the general interest c'Ctr.atm^ t'U Amcrieah >: >te^-
1 man, is of a character peculiar and opproprit«te t.-
himself: and he has presented this re^oiu'Vn, and
has sustained it i-i a manner which, while ii reflects
credit on him as a statesman, doe** even greater
, -u-cdit to his heart ib:>n bis head. It is not my
I defci^n a: nil to enter into the merits of these proii
i ositiuns, further thnn to express ruy opinio:1, of
, its policy. It is a measure of kindred cbaracte-
with ihe «iiie thot was discussed yesterday by thc-
honorrl'Ic Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Cass.]
It is a measure which commits this Government to
a step never heretofore taken; to an interference
—a direct interference-—with the policy of foreign
Governments. It is in that light alone that I arn
permitted, as a Senator from one of these States,
to look at it, and to consider it. However freely
I acknowledge that the most deep find earnest
sympathies ot the American people are with these
men, whom we justly call patriots, now in exile
from their fatherland, I feel bound to declare thai
this Government is forbidden from interference.
Sir, we have seen lately a gentleman from abroad
here, on a self-accredited mission to this country,
