1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
144a*
These, Mr. Chairman, are startling figures; but
the table from which I am reading, prepared at
the Census Bureau, goes on and gives the value of
the protection which the Government of the United
States has given to my constituents. •
The Census Bureau goes on> in the table from
which I am reading-, to give the—
V&LUE OF STOCK.
453,293 Sheep, at $1 25 per head   $566,616 25
11,887 Mules, at 3!) 00 "   594,350 0:)
7,050 Horses, at 30 00 "   211,500 00
31,581 Cattle, at 12 00 "   378,97-2 00
$1,751,438
One million and three quarters is, in itself, a
respectable number of dollars, but gives no proper
idea of the actual loss in New Mexico. The esti-
mates are all too low; sheep are, at this time, in
New Mexico, worth from two dollars and a half to
three dollafs per head, and cattle, twenty dollars
or more per head, to say nothing of mules and
horses.
The loss per annum, then, in New Mexico,
since that country has been under the protection of
this Government from Indian depredations, may
safely be calculated to exceed $500,000.
If you, Mr. Chairman, or any member of this
committee, who is fond of calculation, please, you
can amuse yourself by finding out how many
of the children of myconstituents, who'm the hon-
orable gentleman from Missouri has stated to be so
ignorant, might, with this annual sum, be sent to
school and educated.
The table from which lam reading shows the
number of farms in New Mexico. The number
is 3,750. W"ith this additional item the calculation
may be varied, and it may be discovered what is
the value of the protection afforded to each farmer
in New Mexico.
This will give some idea of how far short the
Government of the United States has fallen in car-
rying out the provisions of the treaty of Guada-
lupe Hidalgo, which was entered into in the
name of Almighty God, and by which it was
stipulated that the Mexicans in the original coun-
try should be protected in life, liberty, property, and
religion.
As 1 had occasion to show, in reply to a previ-
ousattack made by the honorable gentleman upon
my constituents, as well as upon the Governor of
New Mexico, the military government, which,
for a long time, this Government neglected to
abate, as administered by Munroe, not only failed
to protect, but actually assailed the liberty, property,
and religion of my constituents, and up to this
hour, savage Indians are permitted to deprive them
of life and properly.
The honorable gentleman from Missouri has, in
the course of his remarks, shown that he is aware
of the great depredations, and the frequent mur-
ders the Indians are committing upon my constit-
uents, and yet he is apprehensive, that if arms
are distributed to the New Mexicans, that they will
put them in the hands of the Indians, who are now
perpetrating all these wrongs upon them.
The statement of the gentleman's proposition is
its own refutation.
By the bill under consideration, it is not made
imperative on the President to distribute arms, but
he is merely " authorized to cause arms to be dis-
' tributed among such portions of the inhabitants
<as he may deem advisable, and under such" regu-
' lations and precautions as may be considered neces-
' sary," &c. The bill is well enough guarded, as
has been shown by the chairman of the Committee
on the Militia.
Though t, myself, am utterly incredulous in
reo-ard to the last rumor to which the honorable
gentleman has alluded, of recent apprehended dis-
turbances in Santa Fe, I do not desire to conceal
from Congress the fact, that the Governor of New
Mexico has paid so much attention to the rumors
circulated there, that, like a prudent man, he has
taken steps of preparation for unexpected emer-
gencies. I have seen the telegraphic dispatch to
which the gentleman has alluded, and tiie Gov-
ernor expressly states his disbelief in the story of
the " war of races," the belief of which those
whom the honorable gentleman represents have
taken so much pains to bring about.
I know something about New Mexican rumors,
or 1 should rather call them stampedes, and distrust
them all; and particularly do I distrust all those
which, by raising a clamor in the towns, tend to-
wards the recall of the troops from the frontier.
They smell too strongly of hay and corn lion-
tracts, and cal tco.
The honorable chairman of the Committee on
Ways and Means, pending the discussion of the
deficiency bill, stated to the House that the ex-
penditure for the army in New Mexico were enor-
mous. The item of house-rents in Santa Fe
particularly struck his attention. The honorable
chairman read from a table of house-rents, ex-
tracted from the accounts of the gentleman who
contested my seat, whose memorial the honorable
gentleman from Missouri presented to the House
when he made his first onslaught on the character
of the people I represent.
The chairman of the Committee on Finance, in
the Senate, has also spoken of the extraordinary
expenditures in New Mexico. He stated that the
expenditures of the quartermaster in New Mex-
ico, for the fiscal year ending June, 1851, was
about §800,000, and that of that amount nearly
$600,000 was for forage. This was under theoM
plan, when Munroe kept the troops in the large
towns, by way of whipping the Indians who were
on the frontiers, and when the gentleman whom
the Committee on Elections so summarily dis-
posed of, and in whom the honorable gentleman
from Missouri took so much interest, was the dis-
burser of the funds which came so easy and went
so easy.
Colonel Sumner, the successor of Munroe, has
changed matters somewhat. He thinks that the
enemies he was sent to New Mexico to subdue are
the Indians, and not the citizens, and he has re-
moved the troops to the frontier for more conve-
nient fighting. It is true, that this idea of his has
rendered him very unpopular with the persons in
whom the honorable gentleman from Missouri
takes so much interest, because when the troops are
moving on the frontier they can get little or no corn
and grass for nothing.
The mode of proceeding adopted by Sumner
has decreased the Gluartermaster General's esti-
mate, for the item of forage alone, §300,000 per
annum. In town, prairie-grass hay is worth from
forty dollars to sixty dollars a ton. On the fron-
tier, you can get twice as much/or nothing.
Such little differences, amounting^ all to (say)
only $1,000 a day, is comfortable picking for the
constituents of the honorable gentleman from Mis-
souri. By constituents, I mean those whom the
honorable gentleman represents quoad hoc, such as
the late dispenser of patronage in New Mexico,
his clerk, the sutlers, contractors, recipients of
quartermaster's jobs, and the gamblers for such
beardless lieutenan ts and disbursing officers' clerks
as desire to bet against his bank, who are now, or
heretofore have been, in this city attempting to
thwart all beneficial legislation for New Mexico.
The gentleman from Missouri acknowledges that
he gets his items from these persons, whom I may
speak of as my escort, though not escort of honor.
A Voice. A dishonorable escort.
Mr. WEIGHTMAN. To show the reckless-
ness of the persons in whose behalf the honorable
gentleman seems so much interested, how little
they care to promote the interest of the Govern-
ment towards whom they represent all others to
be unfaithful, I read from a letter of Governor
galhoun, to the Indian Department:
Executive Department, >
Santa Fe, New Mkxico, June 30,1851. )
Sir: For more than a month pas>t insurrection and trea-
son have been rile. You are awaie, if T mistake nor, that
I visited Anton Chico on the J6tti of last month, in com-
pany with Colonel Munroe and others, lor the purpose of
having a farther talk with the Apaches residing east of the
Rio del Norte, and of distributing among them some corn,
as they complained of being ill a starving condition, feev-
cral days before we leached AntonChieo a Comanche del-
egation arrived, and re«olved to await my arrival On the
14th, two days anterior to our arrival, the Indians dopaited
in areat haste. Subsequent inquiries brought to light the
fact that they were frightened off hy infamous individuals,
who stated to them the Americans were gathering lor the
purpo.-e of murdering all the Indians we could find. Not
an Indian was seen, nor could 1 asceitain who put in cir-
culation the report. Me^engers (runners) were sentin the
dnection of the Bosque Redondo, who fell in with the Co-
manches who came to tins supermtendency on the 28th of I
May. During the ensuing day we had a long talk, in the ;
presenop of Colonel Munroe and a number ol other per- ,
sons. During the atternoon the chief, Eagle Feathers, vis- ,
ited me in my quarters, sold to me a captive, manifested j
peifrct satisfaction at all that had passed, and repeated that I
nothing but death, would pi event his visiting me again, with |
chiefs and others, before two moons should terminate their i
rounds. Between twelve and one o'clock on the morning ■
of the 30th, these Indians fled from the city, leaving behind I
them their animals, arms, robes, and provisions. So soon
as I ascertained the fact, I sent out agents in search of tbem;
one only was overtaken, and he returned and stated that,
about twelve o'clock at night the chief was called out, by
whom he could not tell, and when he returned he stated
they must run without a moment's delay, a* vvc were pre-
paring to have them all killed the next day. I seijt out per-
sons to have their property returned,, a schedule of wucli
you will find inclosed ; this was d<>ne at a heavy cost,,but
I could not do otherwise. The Indians in their flight car-
ried oft'a number of animals belonging to individuals read-
ing between this and Anton Chico; and a widow, who had
lost nine, informed mc on yesterday all had been returned
but one, and ^ine other articles of no great value, forwliieh
she claims indemnification. This return of property was
caused by the receipt of their own, which fhad sent to their*;
since then I have received two messages from them, desir-
ing me to visit them,or to authorize them tocoftie in. The
latter proposition is altogether inadmissible, and will be so re-
garded until insurrectionary and treasonable intents are sub-
dued. Ignorant as I am of thepurposes offhe Government,
and entirely destitute of means, the first proposition cannot
be entertained ; but the end is not yet.
During the present month almost every conceivable effort
has been made to induce the Pueblo I ndians to take up arms,
saying the party in the ascendency in the Territory intended
to take from them their lands and. property, and to drive
them out of the country or exterminate them.
The Pueblo [ndians have besieged, almost, the superin-
tendency during the present month. They held a couacii
heie, which lasted the greater part of three days. This
council was composed of the Pueblos of Sandia, Santa Ava,
San Felipe, Cia, Santa Domingo, Cocliiti; and subsequently
San Udefonso, Santa Clara, Tesuque Nambe, San Juan,
and Taos, sent in delegations, all highly excited. Not one
of the Pueblos at this tune desire to abandon tlieir old, cus-
toms and usages; and you may rely upon it th^?e p«nple
mufct be treated with the utmost delicacy, or bloody sccnes
will be witnessed in this Territory. A delicate induction
will bring these people to anv point you may desire; but it
must be delicate, and protection mu>t be afforded to them.
I have not time to say more, and have the honor to be
your obedient servant,
JOHN S. CALHOUN.
Hon. Luke Lea,
Commissioner of Indian Washington, jD, C,
The Indians were by false representationsfrigjht-
ened out of Santa Fe where they had come to see
the agent of the Government, by false information
conveyed to them for none other than mischievous
purposes. The Indians, as the Governor in his
letter states, fled on the morning of the 30th of
May.
In the Santa Fe Gazette of that identical date
appears the paragraph I now read:
" Query.—Some inquisitive fellow has sent us Qie fol-
lowing quiz:
" < Who ran the Comanches out of town ?'
"The same meddlesome fellow that does nearly all the
mischief perpetrated hereabouts—Gluten Sabe."
Most persons here would consider such conduct
as this very reprehensible; but by the editor of the
Santa Fe Gazette, the organ of the friends of the
honorable gentleman from Missouri, it is consid-
ered an excellent joke—a quiz.
I will mention another piece of recklessness.
On one occasion rumors gathered in Santa Fe in
the ii lostatd&gw tic way that the Mexican inhabitants
of Taos county were in a state of insurrection—
that American lives were in great danger there—
and that the mills of Mr. St. Vrain, a contractor,
had been attacked, and burnt to the ground. These
rumors came to Santa Fe, supported by appa-
rently the clearest testimony. The distance from
Santa Fe to Taos is only seventy miles, and
most respectable persons said it was all as true as
preaching. Under these alarming circumstances
troops were ordered post haste from Santa Fe to
Taos to quell the insurrection, and protect endan-
gered American lives. One company of artillery
marched from Santa Fe to Taos, (perhaps the
force was greater,) and, on its arrival there, found
the inhabitants industriously laboring in their
fields, and the St. Vrain mills—the burnt down St.
Vrain mills—in active operation, grinding flour for
the Government. Although this mistake brought
some expense to the Government, and gave un-
necessary trouble to officers and soldiers, it may
be that some corresponding advantage was gained.
But this is merely suggestion. It is barely possi-
ble that somebody in the county into which the
troops marched may have disposed of some com
or forage which otherwise would have been un-
sold.
Other illustrations of New Mexican rumors
might be given did time permit. But this, at all
events, may be stated: that in the midst of ail the
clamor of" danger to American lives," no two of
the Americans have ever thought it necessary to
come together for mutual protection; but, as has
always been the case, are living where business
or freak may call them—in frequent instances sin-
