1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2307
MARGARET L. WORTH.
Mr. POLK. Mr. Speaker, I have sought the
lioor for a long time, for the purpose of bringing
before the House for consideration a bill, import-
ant in its character. I will not appeal to the sym-
pathy of the House, nor do I desire to do so. I
believe that the mere mention of the case will op-
erate upon the judgment of members of this
House, to induce them to take it up, and pass it.
I move to take up the bill now upon the Speaker's
table, for the relief of the widow of Major General
Worth. I ask the unanimous consent of the
House to take up this bill, anil I hope no member
will object.
Mr. ALLISON. I know my friend from Ten-
nessee will include two orphans, of whose case I
have charge. Their case is a very meritorious
one, and one of great necessity.
Mr. POLK. If there are circumstances con-
nected with that case which inspire the same
patriotism as the case I have presented, I will
most certainly include tike gentleman's case. I
however decline to include it in my proposition.
The SPEAKER. Debate is out of order until
the gentleman"^ resolution is before the House for
consideration.
Objection was made.
Mr. POLK. I move to suspend the rules.
Mr. HARRIS. I will remark that this bill is
not on the Speaker's table. It is before the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the Private Calendar.
Mr. POLK. Then I move to discharge the
Committee of the Whole from the further consid-
eration of this bill, with a view of taking it up
and passing it.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. I object.
Mr. POLK. I move to suspend the rules.
The question now being upon the suspension
of the rules,
Mr. BR1GGS demanded tellers; which were
ordered; and Messrs. Chandler, and Harris of
Alabama, were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers
reported—ayes 96, noes 30.
So (two thirds having voted in the affirmative)
the rules were suspended and the motion received.
The question was then taken, and the House
egreed to discharge the Committee of the Whole
from the further consideration of the bill indicated.
Mr. POLK. I move the previous question on
the passage of the bili.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee- I rise to a ques-
tion of order. I understand the motion of the
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Polk] to have
been to discharge the Committee of the Whole
from the further consideration of this bill. Now,
I do not understand that that brings the bill
before the House for its action. It goes to the
Speaker's table, and must be taken from there be-
fore it can come before the House for its action.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Polk] moved to discharge the Com-
mittee of the Whole from the further consideration
of the bill, with a view of putting it on its passage.
The Chair thinks both propositions werecontained
in his motion, and decides that the bill is before
the House.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. I ask that
the bill may be read.
It was read through by the Clerk.
It provides that the Secretary of the Interior
shall place the name of Margaret L. Worth upon
the pension roll at the rate of $50 per month, from
the 7th day of May, to continue during her natural
life.
Mr. HEBARD. Is there any report accompa-
nying the bill ?
The SPEAKER. There is none in the posses-
sion of the Clerk. It is a Senate bill.
Mr. HEBARD. Then I should be very glad
to hear some statement made as to the facts upon
which the bill is founded.
Mr. POLK. It is a sufficient statement to say
that she is the widow of the late gallant and la-
mented General Worth.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. Is there not an
amendment pending to the bill.
The SPEAKER. There is an amendment
■which will be reported.
The Clerk then read several amendments.
Mr. HARRIS. Will my colleague allow me
to say a word ?
Mr. POLK. I cannot allow my colleague.
Mr. HARRIS. Then I rise to a point of order.
The amendments reported have never been offered
to the bill. The bill was reported from the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions, and has never been
considered in Committee of the Whole. An
amendment was reported from that committee,
but not the one which has been read.
Mr. POLK. Then I make the issue before the
House with my colleague, and I ask the House
to decide whether any construction shall be put
upon this matter by which to prevent the widow
of a man who fell fighting with his face to his
country's enemies, from having this little pittance
upon a mere question of order.
The SPEAKER. The question of order is
merely one of fact.
Mr. HARRIS. It is known to every member
of the Committeeon Invalid Pensions that another
amendment was offered by that committee.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is informed that
a mistake has been made by reading the wrong
amendment. That reported by the Committeeon
Invalid Pensions is the following:
Strike out all after the enacting clause of ttie bill, and in-
sert the following:
" That the Secretary of the Interior be, and ho is hereby,
directed to place the name ot* Mrs. Margaret L. Worth,
widow of the late General Worth, on the pension 10M, at
the rate of $30 per month, to commence on the —— day of
 , to continue for five years : Provided, That in case of
her death, or the marriage of the said Margaret L. Worth,
before the expiration of the said five year-", the pension for
the remainder of the time shall be paid to the children of the
said Worth."
Mr, POLK. I insist upon the previous ques-
tion.
The SPEAKER. The only amendment before
the House is the one reported by the Committee
on Invalid Pensions. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee, [Mr. Polk,] I understand,moves the pre-
vious question. If so, all debate on the bill or
amendment is out of order.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I would sug-
gest to my colleague, [Mr. Polk,] that he with-
draw his demand for the previous question and
admit one little amendment. His feelings seem
to be all alive for the widows of officers who had
served their country and have fallen in battle. I
was in hopes my colleague would permit an amend-
ment to be offered, which would embrace the
widows of all those old soldiers who had fallen in
battle while in their country's service. Many of
them have been allowed a pension of five years'
half pay, which pay has long since expired, and
1 can see no good reason why the widow of the
soldier who has fallen in battle should not be
placed upon an equal footing with the widows of
officers who have died at home.
Mr. POLK. There is no gentleman whom I
would accommodate sooner than my friend and
colleague, but he has not evinced any generosity
himself in regard to such matters.
Mr. JOHNSON. I was in hopes my colleague's
sympathies would extend to the widows of sol-
diers, as well as to those of officers.
The question being upon seconding the demand
for the previous question,
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, demanded tell-
ers; which were ordered; and Messrs. Robbiks
and Molony appointed.
A count was then had, and the tellers reported—
ayes 84, noes 44.
So the previous question was seconded.
The SPEAKER. Before the motion upon or-
dering the main question is put, the Chair would j
remark to the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. ;
Harris,] who reported the amendment from the j
Committee on Invalid Pensions, that there is a
blank m the amendment as to the date when the
pension shall commence.
Mr. HARRIS. Fill the blank with the same
date as that contained in the bill.
The amendment was then again read.
The main question was then ordered to be put.
The question next recurring upon agreeing to
the amendment reported by the Committee on
Invalid Pensions,
Mr. POLK called for tellers; which were or-
dered; and Messrs. Goodenow and Wildrick
were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 72, noes 51.
Before the result was announced,
Mr. CARTTER called for the yeas and nays;
which were not ordered.
So the amendment was adopted.
The amendment was then ordered tQ be en-
grossed, and the bill to be read a third time; and,
having been engrossed, it was read a third time and
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee, moved to recon-
sider the vote last taken and to lay the motion to
reconsider upon the table; which latter motion
was agreed to.
HEIRS OF CAPTAIN PLUMMER.
Mr. ALLISON. I move to take up Senate bUl
No. 454, for the relief of Joseph Morton Plum-
mer and Mary Reynolds Plummer, heirs and
minor children of Captain Plummer of the United
States Army.
A VorcE. I object.
Mr. ALLISON. I move that the rates be sus-
pended to allow me to make the motion.
The question was then taken and decided in the
affirmative.
The bill was then taken up and read.
It provides that the Secretary of the Navy be
directed to place the names of Joseph Morton
Plummer and Mary Reynolds Plummer upon the
pension roll at a pay per month amounting to
one half the sum their father was entitled to, to
continue for a period of five years, commencing
on the 9th day of March, 1852.
Mr. ALLISON. I have but a word or two to
say in relation to this bill.
Several Members. There is no occasion for it.
Mr. ALLISON. As there seems to be a dis-
position to put the bill upon its passage, I will
make that motion, and call the previous question.
Mr. ORR. I hope the gentleman will say some-
thing in explanation of it.
Mr. ALLISON. 1 withdraw my motion,then,
for the purpose of making a statement. Captain
Plummer was on officer in the Army of the United
States, and served with gallantry and bravery in
the Florida war, and also in the Mexican war, in
which latter service he contracted a disease which
terminated his life a few years ago. An applica-
tion was afterwards made to the present Congress
for a pension for his widow, and while that appli-
cation was pendingin the Senate, the widow died,
leaving two children, in poverty and destitution.
One of them is an infant, as I am told by my
friend from Maryland, [Mr. Evans,] who under-
stands this case much better than I do. After the
widow's death, a change was made in the bill,
and the names of the surviving children substi-
tuted in the place of that of the original applicant,
the mother, and that is the bill which is now before
you for considsration.
Several Voices. Let us pass it. That is
enough.
Mr. ALLISON. Then I move the previous
question upon its passage.
The previous question received a second, and
the main question was ordered to be put.
The bill was then read a third time and passed.
Mr. ALLISON moved to reconsider the vote
last taken, and also moved that the motion to re-
consider be laid upon the table; which latter mo-
tion was agreed to.
OBITUARY NOTICES OF HENRY CLAY.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I rise to a
privileged question. The Committeeon Printing
have instructed me to report the resolution which
I send to the Clerk's table.
The resolution was as follows:
Resolve<1, That the Committee of the Hou*e on Printing
be directed to cause to he published ten thousand additional
copies of the proceedings of ihe Senate and House, and
obituary noiiccs upon the death of Henr)' Clay.
Mr. STANTON. I have but very iutle to say
upon that resolution.
Several Voices. There is no necessity of say-
ing anything.
The question was then taken on the adoption of
the resolution, and it was agreed to.
LIGHT-HOUSE BILL.
Mr. DUNCAN. 1 move that the House re-
solve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, in order to take up House
bill No. S12, making appropriations for light-
houses, light-boats, buoys, &c.,and providing for
the erection and establishment of the same, and
for other purposes. The claims of humanity de-
mand that it should be passed.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. Is that motion de*
batable ?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
