532
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 11,
11 question to which I call their attention.
fsay to the House arid the country, that
ara one of those now present who pro-
Free-Soilers. We are ready now, and
i, to discuss the questions of thecompro-
?y shall come legitimately before us. This
ion upon my part was avowed upon the
of the session. I had hoped that we
■e had the privilege of going into a dis-
cussion of the President's message, and there lay-
ing oar views before the country, to whom we
are bound to address ourselves upon this and every
other important question. Let me say to the
House, without intending any disrespect to mem-
bers here, that, instead of adjourning and spend-
ing something like five weeks of our session, hsd
we come here and laid our views, in a statesman-
like manner, before the country and before this
body, we should have improved ourselves in states-
manship, and we should now have the respect of
the people. We should have respected ourselves
better than v.e now do, having spent so much of
our time in idleness. That time has gone by, and
we Cannot now recall it. And now, when business
presses, we shall see gentlemen rising upon this
floor and avowingtheirsentimenis upon important
questions, which should have long since been dis-
cussed upon the President's message. The reso-
lutions from the respected State of .New Jersey
are before us, and what is the position m winch
they place us all? Already the people of .New
Jersey, through their Legislature, aie avowing
their sentiments in favor of these compromise
measuses, while we, the representatives of the
people of this nation in Congress assembled, are
not permitted to speak on the subject, or to mani-
fest our views, or our intentions, in regard to these
measures. These are called compromise measures,
by which the great question of slavery is to be
silenced foievcr. I would say to the Legislature
of New Jersey, Send your resolutions to the other
blanch nfCongiess. tSeml tiiein, where almost from
the Jirst day of our piesent session down to the
present, the agitation has been ^oini;" on upon tins
very question of suppressing agnation—of silencing
discussion upon slavery. That State is sending to
us their determination of maintaining siicnce upon
this question, while they proclaim to tile world
their intention to uphold the fugitive law, and
the sla\e trade in this District, and on our south-
ern coast. Far be it from me to object to the
printing of these resolutions. The Legislature of
New Jersey is certainly entitled to our lespcct,
and so are all other Legislatures. What I protest
against, is this side-bar manner, this insidious
mode of arguing questions from Legislatures, and
from people of dilieient States, while we ourselves
hermetically close our own lips upon the question.
I will not do it lor one. They speak in favor of
the fugitive slave law; and let me say here, that
with these resolutions 1 a:;iee most heartily, so tai-
ns they go Cor maintaining the Constitution of the
United States. 1 stand with thein in that le.qaxt.
And I am tiie last man to ill noli from this po.-ition.
Would to (rod that that State, by her lepresouta-
tives upon this iloor, would sustain the Constitu-
tion. When 1 say that, 1 say what you know weil j
to be my sentiments; and they are, that this body !
has nothing to do with this question of slavery in I
the States—that every attempt upon the part, of
this Government to involve us in ,i discussion of
tliis question is now, ever has been, and ever
will be, a violation of our constitutional rights.
Hands olf! Xnn-nitervention I Keen your s'aveiv
to yourselves! is the motto of the" advocates of
freedom from the iXorlli. It is your business it
is your institution, with all its curse, shame, and
iniquity, or ns glory, whatever you call i<. It is
your business arid not ours, involve us not in
it—keep n to yourselves—maintain it; but do not
involve the freemen of my State, or of the free
?,eSi !n ll' * wl''.take this occasion to repeat
what 1 have often said upon this floor, that in one
instance, and but one, under the Constitution of
the linnet. States, are we authorized to legislate
upon the question of slavery, and that is the qu s- :
tion lor the recapture of fugitive slaves; and
upon taat question I am willing to give to the
South everything that the framed of the Consti-
tution gave them at the time of its formation, or
rather, 1 shah urge no constitutional objection to
such legislation. But when I have done that, I
then take my stand; I move no further. Thus far
slavery, with its proud waves,may eome;but when
gentlemen go beyond that, I meet them. 1 know
how gentlemen carne here with prejudice on their
minds—L know the misrepresentations that have
gone through this nation m regard to my senti-
ments, and the sentiments of those who advocate
Northern rights. Slaveholders, Southern men,
Northern men, men of all parties have read our
sentiments, distorted, misrepresented, and falsified,
and it becomes necessary at every new session of
Congress, that we should avow our doctrines. I
do so now to Southern men; and I assure gentle-
men from the South, that if they come up to the
work and stand by the Constitution, we will meet
them upon its very line, and will stand with them
shoulder to shoulder, and we will act as friends on
that point. Let us repeal your laws involving us
in the support of slavery.
The Congress of the United States never had
the privilege or constitutional authority to involve
the people of the North in the maintenance of
slavery, ur of your slave trade. I say to you, one
and all, membets of this body, that where you at-
tempt to involve us in the crimes and iniquities of
that institution, or of the slave trade, yon can never
settle this question—you might as easily unsettle
(he eternal, enduring principles of justice,-or tear
Deay from his throne, as to settle this question
while the freemen of the North are involved in the
crimes ol this slave trade.
Dut here we stand, and why ? Look at the slave
trade in this District—at your slave prisons in this
District, sustained by laws of Congress, by which
fathers, mothers, brothers and sisters, are now sigh-
ing, weeping in chains, and the Legislature of New
Jeisey sends up resolutions that we shall remain
involved 111 this transcendent iniquity, and sustain
this market in human flesh, and authorize the sale
of lathers and motheis in this city by act of Con-
gress ; that your Southern coastwise slave trade
shall continue, and the Hag of the United States
shall be prostituted to maintain and protect a com-
merce in the bodies of men and of women ; that
the American stais and stripes shall float over car-
goes of mothers, fathers, and children, by virtue
of an act of Congress, and yet say we shall renu.m
'^ilenl upon the subject. I will take this occasion
to say, unit! have prepared a bill, of which I gave
notice early m the session, to repeal the 9th and iUth
sections of the law of 1801, which constituted and
established this coastwise slave trade. "We do
not ask to interfere with it. We ask to wipe it
from the statute-book, and leave your slave trade
wheie we found it, with the people of the slave
States themselves. "Why, sir, the Legislature of
New Jersey asks us to be quiet—to regaid their
compromise measures as a final settlement of the
slave question. Do they wish then- constituents
and themselves to continue involved in the enormi-
ties of that traific in mankind? 1 would hke to
hear gentlemen meet these points, not to evade,
dodge, or cover them up, but to meet these ques-
tions iii a fiunk, open manner, like men—like
statesmen. Reie are the statutes.
Now, when I come to offer my hill, which I in-
tend doing, 1 want to know how many of these
j men, irom the North and from the South, will
j vote to separate the North from the support of
j that, coastwise slave trade? Let the representa-
J tives ol New Jersey say, as stated in the resohi-
t tions before us, that we have no power over it;
; that we never had power over it—and I shall agree
; with them. I desire now to address one word to
I the siaveholdmg portion of this House. When I
j shall present tins bill, it will give a fair opportu-
j mty for gentlemen to meet with us here and test
; this question, and settle it forever by washing our
j hands of it. 1 expect theie will be a mighty
| coming down stairs" about that time. But 1
desire to unite with the siaveholdmg portion of
thus body—for there is some generosity with them,
Dt least they have boldness—and we will smoke
out these dough-faces, and drive them from under
the bush! [Laughter.] Now, I repeat to South-
ern men, that 1 look to them with confidence,
il*\t they will meet us upon the question fairly,
and come up to the work, and permit me in intro-
duce my bill to repeal that law. Let it be under-
stood, I repeat, that there is nothing in that bill
winch seeks to interfere. It is to cease all inter-
ference and repeal the law; not to pass a new law,
but to prevent future agitation, to leave all inter-
ference with the slave trade, and leave it with the
South, where it belongs. This, I believe, is what
New Jersey wants. I go with the people of that
State to effect this object. I go with every man
in this Hall who has sp6ken upon this subject to
effect this repeal, and thereby prevent agitation.
I go with the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Mur-
phy,] when he said we had no authority to carry
slavery where it is not. He then, sir, spoke truth.
I agree with him, although he is a Democrat and
a slaveholder—no, 1 believe he is a Democratic
(Jnion man. But the truth is this: When we
come to this work gentlemen retreat from their
positions. It is the only subject on which we are
authorized, under the Constitution, to legislate
concerning slavery. On that subject we possess
powers to legislate to a certain extent.
We can prohibit Northern men from preventing
you from the capture of your slaves, and that far
1 am willing to go with you; rather, I would spv,
there is no constitutional objection to that. That
is my doctrine. "We have no constitutional ob-
jection to fixing a penalty upon &ny man who
I shall interfere to prevent the slaveholder from ar-
|i resting and returning his fugitive slaves. But
there I stop. The State of New Jersey, by her
Legislature, may proclaim that it is our dut}7- to
take upon ourselves the appointment of officers of
commissioners to run after and seize your slaves
for you, but I deny that position altogether. We
have no constitutional authority thus to degrade
Northern men. Let me say to Southern men, It
is your privilege to catch your own slaves, if any
one catches tliem. It is not our duty to play the
blood-hound for you. It is your duty to meet
the expense of it, and not ours. We will not
tax our constituents, our laboring men, to defray
the expense of chasing down and securing your
fugitives. Catch them yourselves. You have a
constitutional right to do it; but we will not turn
out and play the blood-hound for you. When you
ask us to pay the expense of arresting your
slaves, or to give the President authority to ap-
point officers to do that dirty work, give them
power to compel our people to give chase to the
panting bondman, you overstep the bounds of
the Constitution; and there we meet you, and
there we stand. And there we shall remain. We
1 shall protest against such indignity; we shall pro-
claim our abhorrence of such a law. Nor can
you seal our lius, or silence our voices. Do
you believe that Northern men are ready and wil-
ling to surrender their self-respect, their dignity,
and pay the expenses of giving chase to your
fugitive slaves? If so, let me tell you that there
is a sentiment now passing through the whole
North, and through the whole Union, that will set
your calculations at defiance. You cannot quiet
|j it. Like Banquo's ghost, it will not down at your
|i bidding. Sir, the popular sentiment of this na-
j| tion hurls defiance at this weak and effeminate
I j body, when it undertakes to tell the people that
ij they shall surrender their consciences at your bid-
!j dn)J, and engage in the vile work of seizing their
II ftllow-man, and dragging him to bondage and op-
; pression.
I I had no intention, when I rose, of saying more
I than to enter my protest against the manner of in-
| terrering here on ail sides of this question except
j upon that uf freedom, and that while we, the rep-
resentatives of the North, remain silent, the States,
thiough their Legislatures, should be permitted
to argue this question, and send their arguments to
the people. Having uttered my protest on that
j point, I will resume my seat.
J _Mr. STANLY. The gentleman from Ohio has
; given the House some advice as to how we are to
i improve our statesmanship. If 1 understand him
| correctly, he lectures us for adjourning over from
, Fridays till Mondays instead of staying here to
; listen to the disquisitions which he is in the habit
i of pouring out, whenever he gets the floor, upon
, one subject, jwith a view to improve our states-
: manslup. .Now, how long is it since the gentle-
j, man became so industrious that he undertakes to
I, lecture this House about improving our statesman-
'• shipr Let the dinner-bell rmg, and the first gen-
ii tleman that leaves this Hall to go home and ap-
[. pease his appetite, to the neglect of the business
!. of the country, is the gentleman from Ohio. Vie
, is as punctual in that respect as any steam-whistie
j m a factory in the city, or as any bell in town.
; Who left Congress at the last long session before
| he had performed his public duties here, and went
j off home after he had poured out all he had to say
I upon the subject of slavery, leaving everything in
1 disorder, so far as the nation was concerned, and
