2808
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 24,
The question was then taken, and the motion
was agreed to; there being, on a division—ayes
90, noes not counted.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the "Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Venable in the chair.)
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. Chairman, there is one
more appropriation bill reported from the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, which I hope the
House will take tip and dispose of at this time.
Mr. STUART. 1 rise to a question of order.
By the courtesy of this House, I submit that the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Duncan] is
entitled to the floor, he having made the motion to
go into committee, for the purpose of taking up
the light-house bill.
Mr. HOUSTON. It is very clear that the gen-
tleman's point is not a point of order; but, if the
gentleman desires the floor upon the ground of
courtesy, I yield it to him.
Mr. DUNCAN. I move that the committee
take up House bill No. 312, making appropriation
for light-houses, &c.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to, there being, on a division—ayes 96, noes
not counted.
Mr. DUNCAN. I will not occupy the atten-
tion of the committee, at this period of the ses-
sion, by any extended remarks; but will simply
state, that the appropriations in this bill have re-
ceived the careful attention of the Committee on
Commerde; that the bill is moderate in amount,
as compared with some bills of this character
which have been passed within a few years.
The CHAIRMAN. Will the gentleman give
way until the bill shall have been read?
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I move that
the House dispense with the first reading of the
bill.
The question was taken on the motion, and it
was agreed to.
The Clerk then read the first section of the bill,
upon its second reading.
Mr. DUNCAN. 1 simply propose to say, that
these appropriations are made upon petitions and
recommendations from the proper authorities, and
upon the suggestions of the Light-house Board,
and of the Commissioner on Light-houses, and
from information obtained from the Coast Survey.
The result is, the bill which the committee have
nnw presented to the consideration of the com-
mittee.
Mr. HOUSTON. With the permission of the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Duncan,] I
would inquire if this is the last reading of the bill?
The CHAIRMAN. It is the last reading by
sections.
Mr. HOUSTON. It occurs to me that the first
clause of the bill, if I understand it right, is in-
tended not to let the appropriation that has been
made for the light-houses fall into the surplus fund
at any time.
Mr. EVANS. We will have the clause read
again.
Mr. HOUSTON. My object is to call the at-
tention of the committee to that point. It occurs
to me if there is any defect in the law now, it
exists in regard to this very item. The practice
of the Government has been, in my opinion, very
improper for a number of years, because it has
not rigidly and strictly administered the law, in
regard to the surplus fund. They have not re-
quired the surplus moneys to be carried into the
surplus fund, where Congress can get a kuowl-
edge of them; and it seems to me that this clause
makes the matter infinitely worse, for it proposes
that the moneys appropriated for these purposes,
shall not go back to the surplus fund in conform-
ity to the law, which says that after money has
been lying two years idle and unused under an
appropriation, it shall come back into the Treas-
ury.
Mr. DUNCAN. I believp that clause of the
bill is not liable to the construction which the gen-
tleman gives to it. The provision is, that if a good
title to the land shall not be acquired by cession,
that the appropriation shall not fall into the sur-
plus fund, until two years, after the first meeting
of the Legislature of any State in which such lands
may be situated, subsequent to the passageof this
act.
Mr. HOUSTON, I read the clause rather hast-
ily, but the objection holds nevertheless. The
law now is, that if an appropriation of money is
made for any object, and is not used for two years
after being appropriated, it then goes back" into
the Treasury. Now, this bill proposes that all
appropriations made for purchasing sites for light-
houses, shall not be subject to the law creating the
surplus fund; and that the money shall remain out
not only a year, but two years after the Legisla-
ture of a State meets, in which the lands proposed
to be purchased shall lie. It seems to me that
section of the bill is wrong in this respect.
Mr. DUNCAN. I think the gentleman some-
what misapprehends the meaning of the section.
As the law now stands, moneys appropriated and
not applied within two years go into the surplus
fund. If a title to land cannot be obtained, the
provision of this section is, as I understand, that
the money shall not fall into the surplus fund until
two years after the first meeting of the Legisla-
ture of the State in which the land may be situated.
At any rate, it is a copy of the identical provision
of acts which have passed Congress for successive
years.
Mr. HOUSTON. That is the objection. It
keeps the money out of the Treasury four years
at the shortest, instead of two.
Mr. DUNCAN. The money is never drawn
from the Treasury.
Mr. HOUSTON. It is appropriated. The
mistake is in their saying they do not take it out
of the Treasury. The appropriation act takes the
money out of the Treasury. It puts it where the
law considers it out of the Treasury. The law
in regard to the surplus fund requires that if an
appropriation remains in that condition two years,
it shall go back into the Treasury.
Mr. EVANS made some remarks in favor of a
reform of the light-house system, (which will be
found in the Appendix,) and gave notice of an
amendment which he intended to offer with the
view to that object.
Mr. TAYLOR. I move the committee take a
recess till seven o'clock.
Mr. POLK. I move that the committee do now
rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose, and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the chairman (Mr. Ven-
able) reported that the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union had, according to order,
had the Union generally under consideration, and
especially House bill No. 312, making appropri-
ations for light-houses, light-boats, buoys, &c.,
and providing for the erection and establishment of
the same, and for other purposes, and had come to
no conclusion thereon.
Mr. CHURCHWELL. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to offer the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That there be paid out of the contingent fund
of the House to the widow of its late Clerk, Thomas J.
Campbell, a sum equal to the salary ot the saul Clerk, reck-
oned from the time of his death to the close of the session
of Congress during which he died.
I object.
I move that the House do
Mr. EDGERTON.
Mr. HAMILTON.
I now adjourn.
Mr. WILDR1CK. I ask the gentleman to give
way to enable me to make a report from the Com-
mittee on Enrolled Bills.
Mr. HAMILTON. I will withdraw the mo-
tion for that purpose.
Mr. "WILDRiCK, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as correctly enrolled the fol-
lowing bills:
A bill for the relief of John A. McG-aw, of New
York;
A bill for the relief of William P. Green;
A bill confirming to the State of Michigan cer-
tain lands granted for saline purposes; and
| A bill granting apension to John LeRoy; which
] several bills received the signature of the Speaker,
j The House then adjourned till to-morrow at
| eleven o'clock, a. m.
i PETITIONS.
| The following petitions were prp«sented under the rule,
, and referred to the appropriate committees:
BvMr. MctfAIR: The petition of C. W. Werand and
63 other*, citizens of Lehigh county, m the State of Penn-
, sylvama, praying for a mail route from AUentown to Potts-
i town, in said State.
! By >Tr. JONES, of Pennsylvania: The petition of Samuel
| Freiciiler and others, citizens of Berks county, Pennsylva-
| nia, praviri<* for a mail route from AUentown to Pottstown,
i in said State.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, Jhigust 24, 1852.
Prayer by the Chaplain,Rev. C. M. Butler.
Mr. HALE. I understand there is a Journal
this morning of twenty pages, consisting mostly of
yeas and nays. I move to dispense withtheread-
ing of it.
The PRESIDENT. If such is the pleasure of
the Senate, the reading will be dispensed with.
Mr. MASON. Although the Journal may be
long, I think it should be read. I object to dis-
pensing with the reading.
The Journal was then read.
Mr. HUNTER. I wish merely to say that
after half an hour has been given to the morning
business and reports, I shall move to take up the
civil and diplomatic bill.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of "War, commu-
nicating, in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate,a report relative to theTulare Valley,made
by Lieutenant Derby; which was, on the motion
of Mr. Weller, ordered to lie on the table, and
be printed.
FLORIDA CONTESTED-ELECTION CASE.
Mr. MORTON. I desire to present a commu-
nication from the Hon. David L. Yulee, addressed
to the Senate of the United States, which 1 ask
may be read.
The Secretary commenced the reading of the
communication, but was interrupted by
Mr. BADGER, who said: As the gentleman
who writes that letter is entering into a discussion
of the subject-matter of the report of the commit-
tee, and as that subject is not now before the Sen-
ate, I think it is very unnecessary that our time
should be consumed by reading it. The letter
commences with an application to the Senate to
be allowed to be heard in person when we shall
proceed to the consideration of the subject. Then
immediately follows an argument for the purpose
of showing that the report of the committee is
wrong in point of fact, and in point of the con-
struction of the law. Now, if we choose, wemighfe
say with great propriety that the Senate are per-
fectly willing either to hear the gentleman speak
i his argument, or to hear him read it. Yet I do not
think, at this late period of the session, that we
ought to do more. I therefore move that the fur-
ther reading of the communication be dispensed
with, and that it be ordered to lie on the table, and
be printed.
Mr. MORTON. I hope the motion will not
prevail. I think it is due to the courtesy which
should be extended to my late colleague, that the
communication should be read. Itisnotvery long.
It is addressed to the Senate, and should be read,
at least. His object is that it should go upon the
j Journal, and be published with the proceedings of
1 the Senate. Whilst we are discussing the propriety
j of it, the reading of it might be concluded.
j The PRESIDENT. It will not go upon the
Journal, as the Senator supposes, if it is read.
Mr. MORTON. It will be reported and go
into the papers. I hope the reading will be pro-
ceeded with.
Several Senators. " Let it be read."
Mr. Badger's motion was not pressed,and the
Secretary concluded the reading of the communi-
cation.
Mr. BADGER. As the paper has been read,
and has been heard by nobody in the Senate,
which I expected to be the case, I renewthemotion
that it lie on the table and be printed.
Mr. ADAMS. I ask a division of the question.
I am willing to vote to lay it on the table, but not
to print it.
The PRESIDENT. It lies on the table, as a
matter of course. The question of printing goes
to the Committee on Printing,
Mr. BADGER. 1 hope there will be no objec-
tion to the printing of it.
The PRESIDENT. If there be no objection,
it will be ordered to be printed without reference
to the Committee on Printing.
There was no objection.
Mr. MORTON. I beg leave, in this connec-
tion, to submit the following resolution, which I
ask may be considered at this time:
Resolved, That the Hon. D. L, Yci.ee, who contests the
