1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1445*
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded tellers;
which were ordered; and Messrs. Jones, of Ten-
nessee, and Bayly, of Virginia, were appointed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask that the roll
be called, as there is no quorum present.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that if
gentlemen will vote upon one side or the other
there would be found a quorum present. That can
be ascertained by tellers.
Mr. BROOKS. Will the Chair state the ques-
tion ?
The CHAIRMAN. The question is upon the
amendment proposed by the gentleman from Ten-
nessee, [Air. Jones.]
The question was then taken, and the tellers
reported—ayes 66, noes 51.
So the amendment was agreed to.
On motion by Mr. CLEVELAND, the bill was
then laid aside, to be reported to the House with
a recommendation that it do pass.
SCHOOL LANDS IN OREGON.
The next bill on the Calendar was House bill
No. 260, " to amend the act to establish the Ter-
ritory of Oregon."
Mr. RICHARDSON. That bill only proposes
to give to the Territory of Oregon a privilege
which has been given, I believe, to all the States
to which land has been granted for school pur-
poses. It proposes that where the land has been
taken for any other purpose, orwhere the section
happens to be a fractional one, the people of the
Territory shall have the opportunity of selecting
other land to the amount which is thus lost m lieu
of it. I suppose there can be no objection to the
bill—I can see none—and I therefore move that it
be laid aside, to be reported to the House with a
recommendat'on that it do pass.
Mr. HOUSTON. I wish to ask thegentleman
from Illinois a question. The bill says that " the
' Legislative Assembly of the Territory ofOregon
' be, and hereby are authorized, in all cases where
' the sixteenth or thirty-sixth sections, or any part
' thereof, shall be taken and occupied under the
'law making donations of land to actual settlers,
' or otherwise, to cause the county commissioners
' of the several counties in said Territory, or such
4 other officer or officers as they shall direct, to
' select, in lieu thereof, an equal quantity of any
' unoccupied land, in sections, or fractional sec-
' tions, as the case maybe." I wish to know
what force is intended to be given to the word
" occupied ?"—if it is connected with legal titles ?
Mr. RICHARDSON. Certainly. It can mean
nothing else. When you talk of'/ occupied under
the law," of course you refer to legal titles.
Mr. HOUSTON. But may not the language
there used be susceptible of other constructions?
Mr. RICHARDSON. I will state to the gen-
tleman that the words "or otherwise,"are meant
to cover a different class of cases. It happens every
where that some of these sixteenth and thirty-
sixth sections fall in fractional ones, and thus they
do not get the land that Congress intended to give.
It is certainly right they should have it. That is
the view in which the words " or otherwise " are
used here.
The bill was then laid aside, to be reported to
the House with a recommendation that it do pass.
COLLECTION DISTRICTS IN OREGON. !
The next bill on the Calendar was House bill ;
No. 2G2, " to authorize the President of theUnited !
' States to designate the places for ports of entry 1
'and delivery for the collection districts of Puget s :
' Sound and Umpqua, in the Territory of Oregon, j
'and to fix the compensation of the collector at j
' Astoria in said Territory."
Mr. STUART. 1 think it would be advisable !
to stop the debate upon this bill if we mean to
get through with the territorial business to-day. \
I move that the committee rise for that purpose. ;
Mr. HALL. There is no disposition to debate 1
the bill. ;
Mr. STUART. Then I withdraw my motion.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. I presume ;
there is no disposition to debate this bill. We
have already a bill upon the table from the Sen-
ate, embracing substantially the same provisions
as the one now before us, which emanates from
the Committee on Commerce of this House. It
varies little from the Senate bill, except in refer-
ence to the salaries. I believe there will be no ob-
jection to the bill. I move that it be laid aside, to i
be reported to the House with the recommenda-
tion that it do pass.
The motion was agreed to.
EXTRA CLERKS FOR THE LEGISLATURE OF
NEW MEXICO.
The next bill on the Calendar was House bill
No. 263, "to provide for additional clerks, and
extend the sessions of the Legislative Assembly of
the Territory of New Mexico."
Mr. SCUDDER. I had thehonorof reporting
this bill. It is a bill for the purpose of increasing
the number of clerks in the Legislative Assembly
of New Mexico. In order to understand the bill,
and to understand the necessity of this increase
m the number of clerks, we should consider first
of what the population of New Mexico consists.
It was made to appear to the committee that the
population of New Mexico consists of sixty-one
thousand five hundred and forty-seven people.
Of those, about eight hundred speak the English
language, and about sixty thousand speak the
Mexican or Spanish language. Of course, the
Legislative Assembly, which is elected by this
population, consists of individuals who speak the
Spanish language alone, and of individuals who
speak the English language alone. Hence it be-
comes necessary in their Legislative Assembly
that they shall have clerks who can write not only
Spanish but English. It was made to appear to
the committee that the business of the Legislature
of the Territory could not be carried on unless
they had another set of clerks—two for the House,
and two for the Council. It also appeared to the
committee that the Mexicans and Americans, both
making motions, in the House, it is necessary to
have an interpreter, so that when motions are
made they can be readily interpreted, and thus
communicated to those who do not understand
the language in which they are made. Conse-
quently the committee were of the opinion that it
was necessary, in order to carry on the business
of the Legislative Assembly, that they should
have two sets of clerks—one to record and engross
in the Spanish language, and the other to record
and engross in the English language; and also
that they should have an interpreter. That is the
substance of the first section of the bill.
The second section provides for the payment of
extra clerks and an interpreter that were employed
by the Legislative Assembly at its last session.
Peeling the necessity of it, but without the author-
ity of law, the Assembly did, at its last session,
employ two extra cleiks and an interpreter. Now,
by a general law passed in 1846, the Legislative
Assemblies of all the Territories are confined to
two clerks. The Delegate from the Territory in-
forms us that bills have been made out and seat to
theTieasury Department for the payment of those
extra cietks and of the interpreters employed by
the Assembly at its last session, and the Comp-
troller of the Treasury doubts his authority to
allow the payment. We have, therefore, reported
the second section of the bill, which provides that
the Secretary of the Treasury shall pay the extra
clerks and the interpretei, who were employed
during the last session of the Assembly, in the
same way as he pays the two clerks that they are
jmthorized by law to employ.
The third section of the bill provides for the ex-
tension of the time for holding the sessions of the
Legislative Assembly of the Territory of New
Mexico. The law as it now stands, and as it was
fixed at the organization of the Territory, provides
that the Legislative Assembly shall not extend
beyond forty days. It is probable that when this
organic law was passed, it was not taken into con-
sideration, the delays and inconveniences that
would accrue in consequence of the necessity
which exists of transacting all their business in
both the Spanish and English languages. And
now, notwithstanding, two extra clerks have been
provided for, and notwithstanding interpreters
have been provided, still, it appears to the com-
mittee, that for the purpose of enabling them to
perform their business as it should be performed,
to have it understood by the Spaniards and the
Americans, both of which constitute the Assem-
bly, it is necessary that they should have the lib-
erty of continuing the sessions sixty days, instead
of forty, as is provided for by the organic law of
the Temtory.
Mr. HEBARD. I wish to make an inquiry in
relation to these clerks. I see the bill provides
for additional clerks. I wish to inquire how many.
are allowed now ?
Mr. SCUDDER. The number already eiu-
ploved according to the law, "is two in each house
of Assembly. That is the general law applicable
to all the Territories.
Mr. HEBARD. 1 understand the bill to recont- *
mend the appointmentof two moref6r each House,
two to write English and two to write' Spanish.
Now, I wish to inquire why one to write 'each
language would not answer?
Mr. SCUDDER. It is necessary to h^ve two
in each House,arecordingand an engrossing clerk,
when the business is transacted in English only;
of course it would be necessary to have duplicates
if the business was to be carried on in both lan-
guages.
Mr. Chairman, it may perhaps be well, al-
though it is very doubtful, m my mind, whether
it is good policy, for the legislative business of the
country to be carried on in the English language
exclusively now. The time is probably not very
far distant when it may be carried on in that lan-
guage; but at the present time it would be a denial
of justice, a denial of understanding, to a portion
of those who constitute the Assembly. It is as
necessary that it should be carried on in two lan-
guages, as it is that it should be carried on at all.
1 will merely suggest, in regard to the time for
limiting the sessions of the Assembly, that I believe
the Territories of Oregon and Minnesota both had
their time extended. In their organic laws, the
time for holding these Legislative Assemblies was
confined to forTy days; but since that, it has been
extended to sixty days, in each of these Territo-
ries. Now, it would seem that sixty days should
surely be allowed to transact the business of a
Territory in two languages, when it is allowed to
transact it in one language in these Territories. I
have thus explained the reasons which induced the
committee to offer this bill. If there be no objec-
tion, I move to lay it aside to be reported to the
House.
Mr. HEBARD. Has this bill been printed?
Mr. SCUDDER. It has.
Mr. HEBARD. I have not been able to see it.
If it has been printed, there have been no extra
copies furnished for distribution, for I have not
been able to find one. On this account 1 cannot say
\erv much with regard to the details of the bill;
but I believe it is one which, at least, in some of
its features, is not unimportant. If you leave the
question of economy entirely out of sight, the sug-
gestion of the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Scudder,] in reference to the policy and purpose
for which this recommendation is made, seems to
me to merit some further consideration than has
yet been given to it. I ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts, or any other gentleman on this
floor, when it is that this government ofNew Mex-
ico would become Anglicized so that the translat-
ing clerks, and the clerks required to write in the
Spanish language, could be dispensed with, if in
the inception, we begin by making provisions by
which the laws and the proceedings of the Territo-
ry shall be earned on in both the English and the
Spanish languages? It seems to me that we should-
discourage any such attempts. I ask the gentle-
man from Massachusetts by what means he propo-
ses to remedy the evil if he would grant this facility
from the commencement? I do not believe it is
good policy. I do not believe it is for the welfare
of the people of that Territory, to enact the laws
of the Territory in the Spanish language. It is the
policy of the Government to give whatever en-
courgement may be given to bring the language
into uniformity. I am aware that there may be
some inconvenience and some difficulty, but I be-
lieve that difficulty is not commensurate with the
injury that will result and be entailed upon the
people of that Territory by giving the encourage-
ment which this bill intends.
But it seems to me, even admitting the policy
of keening the records in both languages, that the
recommendation contained in this bill, relative to
the number of clerks is a little extraordinary, and
I am not prepared, as a matter of economy, to
carry it out. 1 cannot see why there should be
that number of clerks employed for that Assem-
bly. That Territory has a small and limited pop-
ulation, and its business is limited, and it seems to
me that the precedent is a dangerous one. But
my chief objection is not that of economy. I un-
derstood the gentleman from Massachusetts, who
