1852;
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
683
regardless of what befell the country, but the gen-
tleman from Ohio ? And now those of us who
have business of our constituents to attend to on
Saturday—the holiday, us it is called, butthe most
laborious day of the session to those members who
do their business properly—are to be lectured by
the gentleman from Ohio, who leaves punctually at
dinner-time, and goes home for three weeks at a
time, leaving the public business to attend to itself.
" Take the beam out of thine own eye, and then
shalt thou see clearly to take the moat out of thy
brother's eye."
Mr. GIDDINGS, (interrupting.) So far as re-
gards my dinner hour—whether 1 go to my dinner
at one, two, or three o'clock—the gentleman re-
gards it as important to the country; He, sir,
may regard it as the most tremendous subject on
which he has been callcd to comment m the coarse
of his statesmanship. 1 shall only reply by say-
ing, that I dine at such hours .is suits my mind. I
had not consulted the gentleman. I am in the
habit of dining regularly and laboring regularly,
unless business prohibits. I had not regarded it
as my duty to consult any one as to my houis of
eating.
As far as regards my absence at the close of the
last long session, I will say to the gentleman, that
no vote was taken then, or ever during my ab-
sence, on which my voice or vote could have had
the least possible eifect, or could have been of any
avail. 1 did leave Washington a few days befoie
the close of the long session of the last Congiess;
but I did not leave until every subject of legisla-
tion was as substantially dHernnned as they now
are. This House had spent seven long months
in the discussion of one question, and it was im-
possible to bring the dough-faces to a vote upon it.
I refer to the California &11. When that bill had
been under discussion three weeks, I called upon
gentlemen from the North and from the South to
meet in this Hall and devise means by which we
could drive the dough-faces to a vote. And, sir,
we had some forty or fifty members here, but we
found it impossible to move them up to the work.
The discussion was prolonged and prolonged, and
for more than half a year we were detained here
by the timidity of members—kept from our busi-
ness at home, from our families, and the treasure
of the nation squandered, for no other reason than
that members dared not vote on that question.
Mr. STANLY. Has the gentleman finished
yet?
Mr. GIDDINGS. I have not quite got through.
I am sorry to see a Southern slaveholder doing the
dirty work of the dou<?h-faees of the Noith. It is
not becoming the dignity of a slaveholder to draw
such argument from the servile press of Northern
dough-faces. I have seen this whole attack of his,
in certain scurrilous papers of the North. Sir, let
the dough-faces copy alter Southern gentlemen. It
is their business. X wish now to meet another im-
portant question. I have been censuied by the
servilepress of my own district, because I did not,
by my own influence, carry through at an earlier
period of last Congress the bill for the improve-
ment of our lakes, harbors, and river navigation.
The loss of that bill has been imputed to my neg-
lect. Now, before this House and the country,
I ask the gentleman, and every other member of
the last Congress, to bear testimony, that 1 used
every possible exertion to hasten the business of
that session. From the commencement of the
session to its close, I never voted for an adjourn-
ment overfor more than one day. From the com-
mencement of this session, I have not objected to
adjourning; over on Saturdays, but I have objected
to spending half our time here for the first eight
weeks of the session in idleness. That is what
I have objected to; and if the gentleman means to
censure me for that, let him come out and say so
like a man. I spoke respectfully. I stated ex-
pressly that I did not intend to censure any one.
That, sir, was the first time that I ever found the
gentleman from North Carolina dodging behind
the bush. When he was a good Whig in for-
mer times, and acted with me, he used to come
out like a man on every and all occasions, and
speak, and act, and vote without delay. I re-
peated at the long session of last Congress, that
instead of speaking here for seven months upon
the one question of admitting California, we should
have disposed of it in three weeks at furthest, and
then have passed our harbor bill,and that instead
of remaining here, that gentleman, and all of us,
should have gone home at least two or three
months earlier than we did. In that way we
would have hud our harbor and river improve-
ments, saved the nation a great expense, and our-
selves the disgrace of such puerile and unneces-
sary waste of time and money.
Is there a Whiff, or a Democrat, or a dough-
face, who was m the last Congress, who can tell
for what—" cui hono"—we remained here for
those seven months? As 1 said before, my voice
was to labor, to act, to legislate, to do our busi-
ness, and go home. And now I come right homo
to the point—will the gentleman meet it? Ought
we not to have done as 1 state? Ought we not to
have given the people a harbor bill, instead of wast-
ing our time5 Ought we not to have disposed of
the California question in at most thiee weeks,
instead of being seven months about it? and then ■
passed the harbor bill m another week 3 Ou ht
not tiie gentleman himself to have aided in doing
this, and then gone home at least two or three
months before he did, instead of attacking me ior
going so early? Let the people answer this ques-
tion. Why, I behc-ve opinions are given very
freeljr here. At home I have to pay for them:
but here I give them for nothing. I believe the
country would ha\e been undfr deep obligations
to the gentleman, and to the rest of the House, if
they had left when 1 did. I believe it would have
been better for the country if we had transacted
our business and returned home to our constitu-
ents at least two months earlier than we did. Let
me say, here, that 1 see gentlemen in this Hall
who are looking forward to the nomination of a
President; and let me worn the country that until
those nominations have been made, and until the
Buncombe speeches shall have been uttered, little
business will be done, and no adjournment had.
Mr. STANLY. This lecture is getting too
long.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Well, I see the gentleman
is impatient under it, so I will give way.
Mr. STANLY. I yielded the fioor to the gen-
tleman for explanation, but he branched off into a
long lecture to the House upon its general deport-
ment. If I yield any longer, it may go on for a
week, for the gentleman seems to think he has
some special gift from Providence,or from someone
much lower than I choose to refer to here, to lee-
lecture all mankind—slave-holders, dough-faces,
WJngs and Democrats.
The gentleman from Ohio admits, that he went
home during the last Congress, and neglected the
public business. We heard none of Ins lectures
i then. Who aided so much to delay the public busi-
i ness hi this House as the gentleman fiom Ohio?
; What ten men aided so much to do it as he ? Were
there any ten men in that Congress who caused
| so much delay, and diu so much to obstruct the
' public business, as the honorable member ?
! Mr. GIDDINGS. I call on the gentleman from
i North Carolina to make his assertion good m the
' face of this House. I pronounce it false.
Mr. STANLY. It is mighty easy for one who
; has no regard for the decencies or dignity of life,
1 and who screens himself from responsibility for !
; directing false charges like this, to leave his public
| business here, and sneak away from this House,
; as the gentleman did at the end of the last long ses-
sion, taking his pay for work he did not do. Is
i he not a pretty gentleman to come here and lec-
. ture any man in this House—any negro outside of
I the House—or any free negro—upon propriety
■ and integrity of character? Does it come with
a good s>rnce for that gentleman to embark in lec-
tures of that character ?
Now, sir, we have had enough of this. Why,
1 when the honorable gentleman some time ago
J' made a speech in this Hall, I called upon him to
:! explain a certain matter, and he refused, be-
1' cause, as he then said, it was not a proper time.
!j Yet, how does that gentleman now regard the
!1 rules of this House ; Why, here, upon a motion
i to print the resolutions of the Legislature of the
[I State of New Jersey he gives a half hour's discus-
i; sion, not upon printing those resolutions, but upon
lj slavery and the slave trade. What has that to do
;! with the subject of printing the resolutions? Why,
1' these resolutions are always printed as a matter of
[' courtesy. But, m this case, upon a simple mo-
ll tion to print, we must be treated this morning to
a speech upon the slavery question by this mileage
H member—this runmng-away member—this mem-
|] ber who goes home to secure his own election,
and leaves the public business to take care of it-
self.
The gentleman calls himself a Democrat. If he
had called himself a free negro Democrat, he
would have come nearer the truth than he does
by calling himscli* a Democrat—for the Demo-
crats wiii not acknowledge him as one of them,
I do not know a Democrat upon this floor who
would do it.
But the honorable gentleman says that his din-
ner hour is about as great a question of statesman-
ship as I ever attempted to discuss. I beg to say
that I have attempted to discuss one subject of
smaller significance than even his dinner, and that
is the honorable gentleman from Ohio himself;
and I hai*o discus&ed thai subject, because it
was forced upon me by his own conduct m this
House. 1 fe is a subject of the least importance of
any that I ever attempted to discuss. Why,
during the last Congress, when he ought to have
been neie attending to his public business, where
was the gentleman ? But he has seen proper to
refer to this internal improvement bill. Now I
say—the House will bear me out in what I
svy, thai every member of the last Congress will
bear me out in saying—that he did more to injure
that bill than any fifty strict constructionists in
the House. His support of anything he touches
in this House is death to it. He is making sla-
very a popular institution, if it ever were unpop-
ular. He is making the people of his district, by
his rant upon this question of slavery, not only
odious to the Southern people, but to a large por-
tion of the North. Yes, the North are beginning
to regard them, on his account, with feelings of
detestation. That honorable member, by his ad-
vocacy of these internal improvement bills, as far
; as his lujluence can go, or has gone, is rendeiing
i them odious to a large portion of the people all
j o\er the country, and gives members upon this
| floor a pretext for voting against them, which
otherwise they would not have. How can your
1 constituents expect to have river and harbor im-
provements when a representative, who comes
here to send forth constantly his infernal nonsense,
vdeness, and abuse upon the whole Southern
country, undertakes to advocate such measures?
Yet that has been the whole course-of the honor-
able member.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Will the member allow me
to say a word upon that point? I want to call the
attention of the House to the vote upon the inter-
nal improvement bill. I rejoice that the honor-
able gentleman from North Carolina has paid me
the compliment to say that I have done more than
any other fifty men in this House to defeat this
bill. It is saying that I possess an influence, of
which I was not aware. I think—though I am
not certain—that there were not fifty who voted
against it in this Hons**.
A Voice. The bill only passed by some six-
teen or seventeen majority.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Well, be that as it may, I
am rejoiced that the gentleman has seen fit to call
up this point. When I took my seat in this
House, this whole system of internal improve-
ments was abandoned. At that time the western
portion of the. district which I now represent, was
represented by another gentleman. Gentlemen
will recollect that the system, so far as our action
was concerned, was rfcvived during the admin-
istration of Mr. Polk. We then passed a bill
which was vetoed. Now, it is for the sins of Mr.
Polk for which the gentleman from North Caro-
lina and certain Whig newspapers arraign me.
At the last session of Congress, a bill was passed
again, triumphantly m this House—at least it
was passed by a large majority—I am suie the
majority was near thirty; yet I am held respon-
sible for the loss of the bill in the Senate. 1 de-
sired to reply thus far to the charges of the gpntle-
man. And I will add, thatby the bill my district
received more than double the amount of appro-
priation it ever received under my predecessor m
any one year.
But as to other matters, I will say that when
the member descends to the vulgarities of bar-
room blackguards, to which he has on this occa-
sion dcsccnded, I cannot follow him. He gets
lower down than a man of honor can go. He
' descends so low that I cannot follow him so far
i as' to throw the mantle of charity over him.
| [Laughter.] I say, I cannot,and I hopethecoun-
I try, as I know my constituents will not, expect
