2310
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 24,
time. The Senator from California makes a prop-
osition to take up the motion to reconsider. If
that should be agreed to, it will then be in order
to discuss the merits of the riuestion.
Mr. CLARKE. I submit to the Chair.
Mr. WELLER. I ask the yeas and nays on
my motion.
Mr. MASON. I trust the Senate will agree to
the motion, and refuse to reconsider the resolu-
tion, so that the committee may be appointed. It
is one of the most important matters that can be
brought before us.
Mr. ADAMS. Is the question debatable?
The PRESIDENT. The question cannot be
debated until the resolution is taken up.
Mr. SHIELDS. 1 ask whether the object is
to debate the resolution and occupy the time of
the Senate?
Mr. WELLER. Not at all. I declined to de-
bate it the other day.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken resulted—yeas 31, nays IB; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Bayard, Borland,
Bradbury, Bright, Brodhcad, Brooke, Butler, Cass, Charl-
ton, De Suu>stuer Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge <>f Iowa,
Douglas, Do\77j-5, Fcleh, Geyer, Gwin, Hamlin, Houston,
Km?, Mason, Memvether, Rusk, Sevvmd, Shields, btoek-
ton, Toucev,'Walker, and Welier—31.
NAYS—Mes^r*. Beit, Clarke, Davis, Dawson, Fish,
Hale, Hunter, James, Jones of Iowa, Jones of Tennessee,
Miller, Pratt, b'mith, Spruance, Sumner, Underwood, ITp-
ham, and Wade—18.
So the motion to take up the motion to recon-
sider was agreed to.
The motion to reconsider was then rejected. !i
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE. ||
A message from the House of Representatives 'j
was received by Mr. Forney, its Clerk,announ- ![
cing that it had passed the following bills from the !
Senate: !j
A bill for the relief of Emily H. Plummer and !j
Mary Reynolds Plummer. j|
Also, that it had passed a bill makingappropri- [\
Rtions for the transportation of the United States
mail by ocean steamers, and otherwise, during the
fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1853.
WHEELING BRIDGE.
Mr. BADGER. I am directed by the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary to report to the Senate the
bill from the House of Representatives, entitled
•* An act declaring the Wheeling Bridge a lawful
structure, and for other purposes," without
amendment, and with a recommendation that the
bill do pass. In reporting this bill to the Senate,
I desire, as it is nnpossiblethatthe committee can-
make a written report on the subject at this time,
to make a very brief statement for the purpose of
correcting a mistake with regard to the nature of
the measure.
It has been supposed that the intention and pur-
port of the bill, and of those who have moved or
reported it, is to exercise, or draw to Congress,
some revising power over the adjudications of the
Supreme Court, and that the purpose of the bill
is in some way or other to overrule, or modify, or
control the judgment of that tribunal. I wish to
say that this is a total mislake. The bill pro-
ceeds, and the action of the committee in this
body proceeds, upon the supposition that the
judgment is altogether right. We propose to
exercise our legislative functions, as the court dis-
charged its judicial functions; and the provisions
of the bill are intended to accomplish this object:
That if there be anything m any law, or laws,
passed by Congress, which makes this Wheeling
Bridge a nuisance, and as such, liable to be abated;
or, if there be any privilege induced under an act
of Congress, m consequence of which it becomes
a nuisance, and liable to be abated, the bill pro-
noses to put the effect of such laws out of the way
by legislative enactment.
Then the bill, in the second place, proposes to
make the bridge a public highway, and to require
vessels that are navigating the stream to conform
the elevation of their chimneys to the height of the
bridge, in the exercise of our undoubted right to
regulate and control the commerce of the river.
It is proper, also, and 1 do it at the instance of
every member of the committee, to take notice of
another thing. Some of the memorials which
have been presented upon this subject, and some
of the papers which we have seen elsewhere, in
reference to this subject—arguments and discus-
sions upon it—have indulged in expressions to-
wards the high tribunal by which this case was
decided, calculated to be disrespectful either to the
learning, or intelligence, or impartiality of that
court. I desire to say, on behalf of myself and
every other member of the committee, that we
sympathize not with any such expressions. We
concur in no shape or sense with them. We look
upon them as highly improper and indecorous,
and we deem them as unjust, invidious, and im-
politic. The action which the Senate committee
have taken on the bill, is founded upon the prin-
ciple which I have stated. In the exercise of our
legislative power, we think it right to put out of
the way any legislation of Congress in virtue of
which it becomes necessary to put down this
structure, which is not only most useful to the
country, but an honor to the age and the land in
which we live.
Mr. President, this bill has been read twice, and
referred to the committee. The session is drawing
to a close. If it is to be acted upon at all, we have
very little time now to dispose of it. I look upon
it, and so do the committer, as a measure of the
very highest importance to the country; and I
move, therefore, that the bill be taken up and
consideied now.
Mr. BRODtlEAD. I ask the indulgence of
the Senate to make one remark on this subject, as
the Senator from North Carolina has been permit-
ted to make a verbal report. I do not concur in
the views expressed by that Senator. He says he
does not desire, and the committee do not desire,
by this report, to call in question the correctness of
the decision of the Supreme Court; but the design
of that bill is to prevent the execution and carry-
ing into etfect of that judgment.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator will suspend
his remarks until the Senate declare whether they
will consider the bill at this time. It being a
House bill, and having been read twice, it is within
the power of a majority of the Senate to take it up
at this time.
Mr. MASON. I presume the Senate are aware
that if the bill is not passed this session, it will be
too late to pass it at all. Unless it is passed, it
will bung the States of Ohio and Virginia in col-
lision with the Supreme Court, or else the bridge
will be abated. It is, therefore, essentially neces-
sary that the bill should be considered this ses-
sion.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I call for the yeas and nays
on the motion to take the bill up.
Mr. DAVIS. I wish the Senator would post-
pone his motion to take up the bill until some more
convenient tune. 1 want to go on with the river
and harbor bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. GWIN. 1 certainly cannot vote to take
up any bill to supersede the civil and diplomatic
appiopriation bill. I hope we will take that up
first, and go on with it. I am perfectly willing to
let this other bill have an opportunity of being con-
sidered this session, if we can.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I would say that my col-
league, [Mr. Cooper,] who feels a deep interest
in this question, is absent from the Senate. I
therefore would prefer that it should go over until
he returns, which will be to-morrow morning.
Mr. BORLAND. Mr. President 
The PRESIDENT. The question is not de-
batable.
Mr. BORLAND. The question is on taking
up the bill for consideration. Heretofore that has
been considered debatable.
The PRESIDENT. It is not in order to go into
the discussion of the merits of the case.
Mr. BORLAND. I do not desire to do that;
but simply to state the reasons for my vote. J am
in favor of this bill, and shall vote for it; but I
shall vote against taking it up for the reasons
stated by the Senator from Pennsylvania, which I
think are entirely satisfactory.
Mr. SHIELDS. 1 hope my friend from North
Carolina will withdraw his motion.
Mr. BADGER. I never wish to have the ap-
pearance of being; obstinate. I shall withdraw the
motion, but at the same time I wish to say that the
gentleman at whose instance I have withdrawn it,
may take the responsibility of losing this great
work to the country.
Mr. MASON. I presume the motion cannot
be withdrawn by the Senator, the yeas and nays
having been ordered.
The PRESIDENT. A single objection cannot
prevent it being withdrawn, even after the yeas
and nays have been ordered. A majority of the
Senate can authorize it to be withdrawn.
Mr. MASON. I object to its being withdrawn,
and, if it ia necessary, let the vote be taken upon
authorizing it to be withdrawn.
The PRESIDENT. The question will then be
whether the Senate will authorize the Senator from
North Carolina to withdraw his motion.
Mr. BADGER. We can decide the question
as well upon the motion itself, as upon the ques-
tion to withdraw. I therefore persist in my mo-
tion, and desire to have the vote taken upon it.
Mr. HALE. I shall vote to take up this bill.
I shall not occupy more than a minute of the time
of the Senate; but I shall say a great deal in that
time. I am going to vote to take it up, because I
have a private bill which passed the Senate this
session and the last, and 1 can possibly see no
other way of getting it passed through both
Houses, than by putting it as an amendment to
this bill, which! shall move to do when it is taken
up.
The question was taken by yeas and nays, and
resulted—yeas 21, nays 33; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Bnvard, Bell, Brooke,
Dawson, I>« Saussure, Downs, Hale/Houston, Hunter,
Jones of Tennessee, Mangmn, Mason, Meriwether, Mor-
ton, Pearce, Pratt, Rusk, ShieMs, and WeJIer—'2!.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Borland, Bradbury, Bright,
Brodbe,id, Butler, Cas«, Charlton, Chase, Clark, Davisy
Dodge ot Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Douglas, Felcb, Pish,.
Foot,Geyer, Gwin, Hamlin, Jones of iowa.King, Miller,
Seward, Smith, SouI£, Spruance, Stockton/ Sumner, Tou-
eey, Underwood, Uphaen, and Wade—33.
So the Senate refused to take up the bill for
consideration.
CIYIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILI,.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 move to postpone all prior
orders for the purpose of taking up the civil and
diplomatic bill.
Mr. DAVIS. I would suggest to. my friend
from Virginia, that we can make but little advance
upon that bill this morning, if it is taken up, a.s it
is neajly one o'clock. If he will permit us to take
up the river and harbor bill at this time, we will
do our best to finish it this day.
Mr. HUNTER. I believe we shall save time,
if we will go on with the civil and diplomatic. bilL
We can dispose of many amendments which will
give rise to no debate. If the Senator will allow
us to go on with it till one o'clock, when it will
give way, he will have less speaking on his bill.
Mr. CLARKE. I would say that the residue
of the amendments from the committee to the
civil and diplomatic bill—one of them at least—
will consume time in discussion. I appeal to my
friend from Virginia whether he had not better let
it go over till to-morrow morning, when we will
probably he able to give it the whole day.
Mr. HUNTER. I have other amendments to
report to the Senate, which I propose to take up,
and which will give rise to no debate. I think
we will be able to dispose of several.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate re-
sumed, as in Committee of the Whole, the con-
sideration of the bill from the House of Repre-
sentatives " making appropriations for the civil
and diplomatic expenses of the Government for
the year ending the 30th of June, 1853, and for
other purposes."
The next amendment of the committee was to
strike out of the clause relating to the increase in
the compensation of clerks, the following:
Resolved further, That the provisions of this section shall
not apply to any person whose salary has twen increased
at the present session of Congress.
Mr. HUNTER. The committee recommend
the striking out of that proviso, because it was
found that it would lead to embarrassment. A
good many clerks have had their salaries raised
just a little above $1,200,and -who would not have
the benefit of the increase with it in.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
insert, in place of the foregoing proviso, the fol-
lowing:
Provided further, That the increase of salary given by
this section shall not extend beyond the present fiscal year
wilhout further legislation.
Mr. GEYER. I would suggest to the chair-
man of the Committee on Finance that under that
the increase of the salary will expire when Con-
gress will not be in session, and the clerks will be
without the increase until Congress provides for
them.
