1446*
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 22,
reported the bill, to recommend the encouragement
of a policy which I consider detrimental to the
interests of that Territory and inconsistent with
the policy of our Government. I therefore hope
that without further consideration, without further
reasons shown, this bill will not be passed; at
least not passed until some of the amendments or
modifications I have suggested shall have been
made.
Mr. STUART. As this bill seems likely to
elicit discussion, I move that the committee do
now rise, with a view of closing debate upon it.
The CHAIRMAN. There is a motion pend-
ing that the bill be reported to the House.
Mr. STUART. Very well; if that motion can
be carried, if no other gentleman proposes to dis-
cuss it, of course I do not insist upon my motion.
Mr. GORMAN. I have an amendment which
I wish to offer.
Mr. STUART. Then I insist upon my mo-
tion, that the committee do now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose, and the Speak-
er having resumed the chair, the chairman (Mr,
Stanton, of Tennessee) reported that the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of ihe Union had,
according to order, had the Union generally under
consideration, and particularly the following bills,
which they had instructed him to report to the
House and to recommend their passage:
Bill (259) to provide for the protection of the
Territories of New Mexico und Oregon, with an
amendment;
Bill (260) to amend the act to establish the Ter-
ritory of Oregon, without amendment; and
Bill (262) to authorize the President to desig-
nate the places for the ports of entry and delivery
for the collection districts of Puget's Sound, and
Umpqua, in the Territory of Oregon; and to fix
the compensation of the collector at Astoria in the
said Territory.
The committee had also had under consideration
bill No. 263, foraddilional clerks, and to extend the
sessions of the Legislative Assembly of the Ter-
ritory of New Mexico, and had come to no reso-
lution thereon.
Mr. STUART. 1 move the usual resolution
to close debate in Committee of the Whole on the
stateof theUnion upon billNo.263, in five minutes
after the committee shall have resumed its consid-
eration.
The question was then put, and the motion
agreed to.
Mr. STUART. I now move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The question was then put, and the motion
agreed to.
So the rules were suspended.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee ofthe Whole on thestate of the Union,
(Mr. Stanton, of Tennessee, in the Chair,) and
resumed theconsideration of bill No. 263.
Mr. GORMAN. I have an amendment which
I desire to offer, to come in at the end of the bill:
That the said Legislature of New Mexico shall cause
to be allowed the commissioners heretofore appointed to
draft a code of Jaws, such compensation as may bo just and
reasonable, and whteb, when so allowed, shall be paid out
of the funds appropriated to defray the expeuse  of j,aid Ter-
ritory.
Mr. Chairman, at the first session of the Le-
gislature of New Mexico they appointed two of
your judges whom you had sent out there, to-
gether with some Spanish gentlemen, to draft a
code of laws,and to look up the, various laws then
in force in New Mexico, and to put them in such
a shape that they could conveniently be referred
to, and understood. These commissioners and
judges, in obedience to the act of the first Legisla-
ture that convened in New Mexico, proceeded to
• perform that duty. But there is no general law
authorizing them to be paid. The commissioners
have transmitted to me a claim to be presented to
the Auditors of theTreasury ofthe United States.
After the proper vouchers had been procured from
the proper authorities m New Mexico, they also
sent the same claim to the Delegate from that Ter-
ritory. I presented the claim to the proper De-
partment of the Treasury. But as there was no
authority by law to pay it, although its propriety
was admitted, although the right of that Legisla-
ture to create the commissioners was not doubted,
yet, there being no law by which it could be paid, t
or any fund set apart for its payment, it has here- j
tofore not been allowed. j
Mr. DUNHAM. I should like to ask if those j
commissioners were appointed by authority of
law ?
Mr. GORMAN. They were appointed by the
first Legislature that were convened in theTerri-
tory of New Mexico.
Mr. DUNHAM. But not by authority of law.
Mr. GORMAN. No, sir; the first Legislature
that met in New Mexico appointed one or two
Spanish gentlemen, residents of the Territory, who
collected together the various laws that were in force
in the Territory, and Avith two of the judges, ap-
pointed by Congress for that Territory, they pio-
ceeded to perform the duty imposed upon them by
the Legislature. The Legislature would have
made an appropriation fortheir payment, but there
are no funds at their disposal out of which they
can be paid. The Committee of Ways and Means
of this House have the matter before them, and
will, in due time, make the necessary appropria-
tion. But it is necessary that some direction
should be given, in order that the Legislature shall
have the authority to act upon an account which
is just and proper to be paid.
Mr. HALL. Why could not the members of
the Legislature do it themselves?
Mr. GORMAN. Three of these commissioners
were members of the Legislature. The judicial
opinion of the judges was highly important and
necessary to form a proper code of laws, and make
them conform to the institutions of the country.
They were selected as being, perhaps, more fa-
miliar with the Constitution and the laws of the
United States, so as to make the institutions and
laws of New Mexico conform more completely
with the institutions of this country. They com-
pleted the laws, and the next Legislature adopted
nearly all of them. This bill only proposes to
give the next Legislature which may convene in
that Territory, authority to make such an allow-
ance as, in their judgment, may seem proper—such
as they may deem reasonable and right. An ap-
propriation by law, furnishing all the means,
which will be made, 1 apprehend, by the Commit-
tee on Ways and Means.
[Here the hammer fell—the time fixed by the
House for closing debate having arrived.]
Mr. DUNHAM made some remarks here which
were totally inaudible to the Reporter.
Mr. GORMAN. One word more.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair must inform
the gentleman that the time for debate has expired,
and this amendment has been spoken against, and
no further debate is in order.
Mr. GORMAN. By making an amendment
to my own amendment can I be heard for a mo-
ment?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman can modi-
fy his own amendment, but cannot offer an amend-
ment to his own amendment, upon which to speak.
Mr. WJKfGHTMAN. I wish to make an in-
formal amendment, for the purpose of saying half
a dozen words.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair cannot hear the
gentleman's suggestion.
Mr. WElGIiTMAN. I propose to ma|fi
some informal amendment, for the purpose of ma-
king a remark to the House. I move to strike
out the last word in the bill. It is certainly in the
power of the committee and the House to make
this allowance to the Legislature in this way or
not, as the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Dunham]
has suggested, and they have also to take into
consideration the exigencies and circumstances
under which this act was done. I want to remind
the House of one single fact: that this is the first
Territory we have ever had of so large a popula-
tion, in which so great a confusion existed, in
consequence of the operation of the war. The
Mexican Government was thrust aside, and all its
means of enforcing its laws cut up by the roots
by the military government. The military gov-
ernment has been put aside, and the territorial
government had but just gone into operation. And
that Territory, with a large population of 61,000,
merely wishes this Government to authorize this
commission for codifying the laws, and drawing
some order out of the great confusion which there
prevails. The Territory of New Mexico, I wish
to say m conclusion, contains a larger population
than the Territories of Utah, Oregon, and Minne-
sota, all added togetherand multiplied by two, as
appears by thelast census. It is double theamount
of all those other Territories put together. Under
all the circumstances I trust Congress will author-
ize it.
Mr. STUART. I am opposed to the amend-
ment offered by the gentlemen from New Mexico,
[Mr. Wkightmast,] and in favor of the original
amendment, and hope that it will pass without
modification. I know one of the gentlemen en-
gaged upon that code of laws. He is competent
and able, and would do that duty well anywhere,
and I doubt not he did it well there, and certainly
they ought to be paid. ThatTerritory was with-
out any laws, except what was known as the
"Kearny Code." This arrangement, modifica-
tion, or whatever you choose to call it, was in-
dispensable. It has been done, and well done,
and there is no earthly reason why those commis-
sioners should not be paid, I trust, therefore,
that the amendmentoffered by the gentleman from
New Mexico [Mr. Weightman] informally, will
not prevail, and that the one offered by the gentle-
man from Indiana, [Mr. Gorman,] will prevail.
It is right, eminently right and proper.
Mr. WEIGHTAJAN. I will withdraw my
amendment, if there be no objection.
No objection was made, and the amendment
was withdrawn.
The question now recurring upon the amend-
ment offered by Mr. Gorman, it was put and the
amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STUART. If there is no other amend-
ment, I move that the bill be laid aside, to be re-
ported to the House with a recommendation that
it do pass.
The question was put, and the motion was
agreed to.
COLLECTION DISTRICTS IN OREGON.
The next bill that came up in order, for the con-
sideration of the committee, was Senate bill No.
283, to authorize the President of the United
States to designate the places for the ports of entry
and delivery for the collection districts of Puget's
Sound and Umpqua, in the Territory of Oregon.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New Mexico. That bill
has not been referred to any committee of this
House. The Committee on Commerce has re-
ported a bill which answers all the purposes of
this one.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would suggest
that, this is a Senate bill.
Mr. SEYMOUR. I can give several reasons
why the bill reported by the Committee on Com-
merce should be retained in preference to this one.
The CHAIRMAN. This is the business in
order. The gentleman can move to lay it aside.
Mr. SEYMOUR. I move to lay it aside, with
the recommendation that it do not pass.
Mr. PHELPS. I would suggest to my friend
that perhaps it would be better to make a motion
that the committee rise. If it is right to pass a
bill of this kind, go into the House, have this bill
referred to the committee, and then get into com-
mittee, and adopt the House bill as an amendment
to this, and send it back to the Senate.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would inform
the gentleman that this bill has been referred to
the committee; otherwise it could not be taken up.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to inquire
if that bill has not been reported back to the
House, with a recommendation thatit be rejected?
Is not that the fact?
The CHAIRMAN. Such is not the fact.
Mr. JONES. I am told that it is a fact.
Mr. SEYMOUR. The bill which has justbeen
read by the Clerk has not, to my knowledge, been
referred to any committee of this House for con-
sideration,nor reported to the House by any com-
mittee. It has merely been reported to the House
by the Senate.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would inform
the gentleman that this bill was referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, by the House. The question is, shall it
be acted upon, or passed over?
Mr. SEYMOUR. I move, then, that the bill of
the House, which has been passed by the com-
mittee for the same purpose, be substituted for this
one. It was a bill maturely considered by the
Committee on Commerce of this House; and, af-
ter consultation with the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Commerce of the Senate, it was understood
