1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2311
Mr. HUNTER. We will be in session again
before it expires. The proviso is, that the in-
crease shall not extend beyond the present fiscal
year without further legislation. We will be in
session next year, when we expect to have a
scheme before us for a reorganization of theclerks.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. The Committee on Finance
have, in pursuance of estimates, directed me to
propose various other amendments, which I will
submit before we go on with some which were
previously reported, and which will lead to debate.
The PRESIDENT. Thatcan only be done by
unanimous consent, as the amendments which
were reported with the bill have not been gone
through.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope unanimous consent
will be given.
There was no objection.
Mr. BORLAND. I desire to call the attention
of the Senate to a part of the bill upon which we
have just acted. X wish to make a suggestion for
the purpose of perfecting the amendment with
regard to the compensation of clerks. The clause
provides that the increased compensation shall
commence " from the first day of the present
fiscal year." I would ask the Senator from Vir-
ginia if he would not be willing to change that,
for reasons which I will suggest to him presently,
and make it for the last year?
The PRESIDENT. The Senator's proposition
will not be in order at the present time. It will be
in order when the amendments of the committee
shall have been disposed of.
Mr. BORLAND. I thought I would make the
suggestion while the subject was before the Sen-
ate, and before they passed to anything else.
Mr. HUNTER. The first amendment which
I propose is to insert in the proper place in the bill
the following:
For compensation of Senators, members of the House
of Representatives, and Delegates, $50,0UU.
That is in pursuance of estimate sent up from
the House of Representatives. The session is
prolonged beyond the.period for which the esti-
mate was first made. They want about $45,000,
which leaves §5,000 for the Senate. That sum i
will probably accomplish the purposes of both
Houses.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. The next is to insert at the
end of the appropriations, for the legislative de-
partment, the following:
For the publication of the Jefferson Papers, under the
direction of the Library Committee, in addition to the bal-
ance of an unexpended appropriation, §3,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. The next is in the following
clause, relating to the office of the Solicitor of the
Treasury:
" For fuel, watching, and miscellaneous items for the
same, $2,500."
—to strike out " $2,500," and insert " $4,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. The next is to add to the fol-
lowing clause, under the head of the Navy De-
partment—
" For compensation of the clerks and messenger m the
Bureau of Provisions and Clothing, ^7,3U0"
—the following:
Provided, That no provision in the fourth section of the
act entitled "An act to supply deficiencies in the appro-
priations for the service of the fiscal year ending 30th June,
1852," shall be so construed as to prevent the payment of
salaries of the clerks in accordance with the estimate for
said bureau of 5th October, 1850.
This change was made according to that esti-
mate originally for the purpose of increasing the
salaries in the office a little. A provision was in-
troduced into the deficiency bill of this session
•which makes it doubtful whether they can receive
them. This is merely to declare that it was not
designed by that act not to give them.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. The next amendment is in
the following clause:
« For additional salaries of the treasurer of the Mint at
Philadelphia, of $1,000. and of the treasurer of the branch
Mint at NewOrleans, of #500, $1,500,"
 to insert after " for'* the words:
The compensation of the treasurer of the branch Mint
#.t San Francisco, California, $4,500,
—and strike out " $1,500" and insert " 6,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. The next is in the following
clause:
" For salaries often additional clerks, authorized by the
acts of August 6,184<j, and August W, 1648, $9,600,"
—to strike out " $9,600" and add to the clause,
the following;
And a clerk for the treasurer of the branch Mint at San
Francisco, California, at a salary of $2,500,
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. The next is to insert the fol-
lowing in the bill:
For contingent expenses in California, under the act, for
the safe-keeping, collecting, transfer, and disbursement of
the public levenue, ot 6th August, 1646, ^li',000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. The next is to strike out
" $5,000" and insert " $7,000" m the following
clause:
'•For compensation to special agents to examine the hooks,
accounts, and money on hand in the .■several depositoues,
under the act of August 6th, 1846, $5,000."
The amendment of the committee was agreed
to.
Mr. HUNTER. The next is to add to the
clause making an appropriation to continue the
survey of the western coast of the United States,
the following:
And the Superintendent of the Coast Survey is hereby
authouzed to extend the reconnoissance of ihe coast of Cal-
ifornia south to Cape S5t. Lucas, provided that no special
appropriation will be required tor such extension.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. The next is to insert the fol-
lowing in the bill :
Forpurchasiny a site, and constructing a custom-house
at Richmond, Virginia, $100,000 : Provided, That the whole
cost oi the building and site shall not exceed $Wt>,000.
That is in pursuance of an estimate from the I
Secretary of the Treasury, who estimates that the I
building could be erected for $100,000. i
The amendment was agreed to. j
Mr. HUNTER. The next is to insert thefol- |
lowing in the bill: |
To enable the Secretary of the Treasury to purchase an !
addition to the custom-house at Baltimore, and to repair
and alter the edifice, $100,000; said sum to cover all ex-
penses of purchase, repair, and improvement.
That is in pursuance of estimate. An oppor-
tunity is afforded now to purchase a portion of
the building adjoining the present custom-house
which might not be ottered again. The estimate
is thought to be a reasonable one, and the Secre-
tary recommends it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. The next is in the clause "for
outfit of ministers of the United States to Great
Britain, Prussia, and Mexico, $27,000," to strike
out "$27,001)," and insert:
Chili, China, and Turkey, $90,OM; it being provided
that hereafter there shall bean envoy cxtruoidiuary and
minister plenipotentiary to conduct diplomatic lelations
with China and the Ottoman Forte, ln&fead of the commis-
sioners now authorized bylaw; and the said ministers to
China and the Ottoman Porto shall be vested with ail tlie
judicial powers now legally exercised by the commissioner
to China and the minister resident at the Ottoman Porte re-
spectively, and for the performance uf the duties resulting
therefrom, shall receive no other compensation than their
salaries as ministers plenipotentiary.
Mr. CLARICE. I had supposed that the ques-
tion as to the appropriation for the mission at the
Ottoman Porte, would have been brought up in
the form in which it passed the House of Repre-
sentatives. But the amendment introduces an-
other provision. I have an objection to the pro-
vision that is now proposed to be made for a full
mission to China.
It will be recollected by the Senate, that when
the treaty was negotiated between this country and
China, General Cushing went out as Minister Plen-
ipotentiary and Envoy Extraordinary to negotiate
a treaty. It was then deemed sufficient to allow the
Commissioner $6,000 a year, without any outfit,
which was adjudged to be sufficient as a compen-
sation. If my memory serves me right, the first
commissioner was Mr. Alexander Everett, of
Massachusetts; a man confessedly of a very high
mind and character. After some considerable de-
lay, he arrived at China, where he died soon after
his arrival. Dr. Parker was appointed secretary
to the commissioner, at a salary of $2,500 a year.
Mr. Everett himself was wholly unacquainted with
the Chinese language, and knew nothing of the
customs and manners of the Chinese, and Dr. Par-
ker, who had resided there for a number of yeais,
I believe, first in the capacity of a missionary, and
who obtained great celebrity, and made himself
acquainted with the Chinese language, was ap-
pointed secretary, and the duties of the commis-
sion devolved upon him. I believe after the death
of Mr. Everett, that an honorable gentleman
from Indiana, Mr. John W. Davis, whom I do
not know personally, but for whom I have a very
high respect, was appointed commissioner, and
he deemed it sufficient for him to go to China with
the allowance of $6,000 a year. He went there,
confessedly on his own part, unacquainted with
the interests and relations between this country
and China—unacquainted with the manners, lan-
guage, and customs of the country; and not per-
fectly acquainted with the trade between the two
countries. He remained there some time and re-
turned. The duties of the commission to China
have been performed by Dr. Parker, secretary to
the commission, at a salary of $2,500 a year.
Except the time that Mr. Davis was there, 1 be-
lieve he performed the duties of the whole com-
mission.
It is proposed now to raise that commission to
an equality with the highest minister from this
country. The bill contains an appropriation of
§5,000 a year for certain consuls at Kwang Cho,
Amoy, Fucho, Ning-po, and Shang Hai, and an
appropriation of $18,000 for the salary and outfit
for the commissioner to China. It is well known
that recently a -commissioner to that country has
been nominated by the President, and, as the
newspapers inform me, confirmed by the Senate.
I believe the Constitution of the United States, if
I recollect it aright, prohibits the increasing of the
salary and compensation of any officer who shall
be appointed to office during the time of his elec-
tion to the Congress which makes the increased
compensation. The clause in the Constitution is
as follows:
j "No Senator or Representative shall, duriiiK the time for
i which he was elected, be appointed to any civil olfice under
tile authority of the United State's, which shall have been
created, or the emoluments whereof shall have been in-
creased during such time; and no person holding any office
under the United states, shall be a member of either House
during lus continuance in office."
1 speak from public report when I say that there
has been recently a gentleman nominated to the
commission for China who was elected to the
present Congress of the United States, whose term
of service would not, if he had not resigned, have
expired until the 4th of March next. I speak from
public report, when I say that that nomination has
been confirmed by the Senate. I also speak from
public report when I say that that individual has
resigned his seat in the House of Representatives.
An appropriation is now put into this bill for in-
creasing the compensation of the office to which
he has been appointed, from $6,000 a year to
$9,000 a vear, with an outfit of $9,000. I hold
this increase of compensation to be totally, di-
rectly, and positively in violation of the provision
of the Constitution which I have read. I have,
therefore, an objection to this appropriation upon
constitutional ground, and I have an objection to
it upon the ground that the mission to China is
rather, than otherwise, a nominal mission, and
that there are no duties to perform.
I, therefore, am opposed to the provision, upon
the ground that it is against the provision of the
Constitution which 1 have read. In the second
place, I am opposed to it, because the mission to
China, although it may be considered a diplomatic
mission, is not a mission which embraces any very
great diplomatic intercourse with the Chinese
Government. The principal function of the com-
mission, if I understand it aright, is to exercise,
in cases of emergencies, certain judicial powers,
conferred upon it by treaty. These powers never
have been exercised; there has never been any
requirement for them; and those gentlemen who
have been there heretofore, have been perfectly
satisfied with the emolument prescribed by law,
because the duties of the office have been so light.
The intercourse between this country and China
is different from that between this country and
any other on the globe. The Chinese, we all
know, are a people who keep themselves retired
within what they consider to be their own special
and Celestial jurisdiction. No foreign minister is
any further recognized than is necessary, accord-
ing to the existing treaties, to give him permission
