538
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 11,
of the motion to go into committee. The motion
to resolve the House into the Committee of the
Whole upon the state of the Union being always
a special one, provided for by the rules, in the
opinion of the Chair takes precedence of any
other privileged motion.
Mr. GORMAN. I will then ask the gentleman
from Alabama to withdraw his motion. The re-
port will not take more than three minutes to be
considered.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am perfectly willing that
my motion shall remain in abeyance until his is
acted upon, if it will not occupy much time.
There was no objection.
FEES OF CLERKS, MARSHALS, AND ATTOR-
NEYS,
Mr. GORMAN. The Committee on Printing
report the following resolution relative to priming
the report of the Committee on the Judiciary:
"Resolved, That five thousand extia copies of the report of
the Judiciary Committee in regard to the fees of clerks,
marshals, and attorneys in the dis<tiicl eoi t-> of the United
Staler, be punted lor the use of the House of Representa-
tives."
Mr, G. said: After examining the matter, I
will .state to the House, that this report speaks
of the difficulties and complexities of this subject
under our existing law. It traces the history of
legislation in regard to this subject, since the or-
ganization of the Government. It points out the
abuses winch have grown up under the present
system in the way of taxes and costs, and shows
the enormous nnfl unprecedented increase of the
expendiUues. There is accompanying it a tabular
statement, and the letter of the Fust Comptroller,
giving some specific charges and abuses in the
courts of the United States in regard to thus ques-
tion, of rather extraordinary impoitance to the
country.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I move to
amend, by adding five thousand copies of tiie
report of the Clerk to this House, upon the con- ;
tinhorn expenses of the Mouse. |
i'lic SpH.'YKI'JR. The Chair is of the opinion !
that the motion of the gentleman from Georgia is '
not in order, being upon a different sol.jeer'; and '
the motion fur the printing of an extra number of '
copies would have to go to the Committee on '
Printing.
The question was then taken, and the resolu-
tion was agreed to.
Mr. GORMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted, and to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table; which
latter motion was agreed to.
rm. owrn's geological report.
Mr. GORMAN". I havcunothfcr lepoit, which
will not ke.-p the attention of the llou.se long,
and \vhi< h it is indispensably necessary should he
passed immediately. It is a lvsohifion upon the
subject of printing the repon of the United Static
Geologist, which has been passed upon a ion"-
time in the Venule. We have not acted upon it^
amMhey cannot prmt it until we do act upon it.
The resolution was then read, as follows:
Tiaolt c<?y That iheje be punted lortheu-e of tins flou^e
three thmix.m.l live Imndml copies ot the final leport ol Hi.
1). J). Owen on the geology ot VViseonsin, Iowa, and Min-
nesota; and that Mich he executed in the same toun and
style and under the one sp< < ml eontinct wbieh has been
aiithonzcd by the Senate to be entcied into by the Com-
missioner oi the Ucneial Land Oihee, and that five him-
clred copies be M-t ap.ut lor the divpo^aioi t^aul office.
The whole of tin's mailer is under tho control of
the Commissioner of the Geneial Land Office of
the IJnited States, and it lequires a lesolution to
provide tor the amount to be printed.
The question was then taken, and the resolution
Was agreed to.
On motion by Mr. IIIEDARD, it was
The SPEAKER. That will be a question for
the committee to decide.
Mr. ABERCROMBIE, by unanimous consent
of the House, presented a joint memorial from
the .Legislature of Alabama to Congress, asking
an appropriation of lands to complete the geologi-
cal suivey of the State; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed.
The qxiestion was then taken upon Mr. Hous-
ton's motion, and it was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr.yOLDa in the chair.)
BOUNTY LAND WARRANTS—FEES OF LAND
yr OFFICERS.
"The CHAIRMAN. The first business before
the committee, in the opinion of the Chair, is the
special order of the House, being the joint reso-
lution No..3 of the House, making land warrants
assignable. The gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Dunham] would have been entitled to his hour,
when this resolution came up the other day, and
he has that privilege now, in the opinion of the
Chair.
Mr. GORMAN. I have a motion to suggest.
I understand that there has been referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, a joint resolution with regard to the public
printing. That resolution being reported to the
House, under a rule of privilege, or what may be
termed a privileged question, i suppose it cannot
be divested of that privilege by being referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. I apprehend that notwithstanding there
may be a special order for the day, that question
comes up in despite of the special order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair supposes the
committee having beenm session uponthe special
order of the House, being not only the Senate
bill, but the joint icsolution of the House, that that
special order is not yet completed, and this ques-
of printing cannot supersede the special
Ordered, That the petition and panrn of Steuben Tin, t
ul",w" >"« files o. ti,fl  ^a^ to,
the Comnntlue on Revolutionary Claims. <ltu
CW °T?S' \ wbh c° make an inquiry of the
Mian. 1 he gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Hors-
tox] moves to suspend the rules, for the purpose
of the Union3°1?,nlttf of the Whole on the Lte
01 the Union. I wish to inquire of the Chair
when we get into Committee of the Wholewhethei-
we will not be compelled to take up the special
Mr. HOUSTON. That portion of my motion
ivas merely an indication to the House
Mr. OLDS. I ask the Chut if we^nn  1
compelled to take up the special order ?
tion
order.
Mr. GORMAN. I will suggest to the Chair
the reason that this question of land warrants was
taken up was, because I never made a question.
[ have been informed that the decisions of the
Chair had been uniform, where these questions
had been put, and it had been decided that the
question of privilege was Dot divested of its tight
hy being referred to the committee. I have not
made the question before, and consequently It was
not necessary to decide it, and as a matter ofcouise
j the bounty land question came up,
j I he Gl-iAIRMAN. The Chair must remind
1 the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Gorman,] that
| the question is not debatable. Does the gentie-
' man desire to take an appeal from the decision of
I the Chair?
Mr. GORMAiY. Does the Chair decide
; that   j
: The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that i
the special order of the House, not being finished !
; yet, and upon which the committee were still en- 1
gaged at its last sitting, has a preference over any
other business of the committee.
Mr. GORMAN. I understood that we had
disposed of it.
The CHAIRMAN.
referred jointly.
Mr. GORMAN. I appeal from the decision of
the Chair.
Mr._ JONES, of Tennessee. If I understand
the point of order made by the gentleman from
Indiana, it is this: that because the Committee on
Printing have a right to report at any time 
Mr. HOUSrON. lsihe appeal debatable?
Mr. JONES. I am not debating it. (merely
wish to know, if I understand the question. The
point the gentleman from Indiana makes is, if I
understand him rightly, that because the Commit-
tee on Printing have the right, under the rules, to
leport at any time, their report should take prece-
■ dence of ail other business, even of special orders
in Committee of the Whole. It loses all its priv-
liege when it gets into the House. j
j The question was then taken upon the appeal, !
i; and the decision of the Chau* was sustained. \
: Mr. GORMAN. I* move to lay the bounty i
! land bill aside. '
j The CHAIRMAN. The Chair supposes the ;
committee have no power to lay aside the special j
There were two matters
orders of the House. The committee is tied down
by the order of the House.
Mr. PITCH. This bill may be laid aside,, to
be reported to th§ House with a recommendation
that it be laid upon the table.
The CHAIRMAN. That motion would be in
order, if the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Dun-
ham.) who is entitled to the floor, waives his right
to his hour.
Mr. DUNHAM. I do not wish to take up the
time of the House, and I will waive my right.
Mr. PITCH. I move, then, that the resolu-
tion be laid aside, to be reported to the House
with a recommendation that it be laid upon the
table.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Is not the
resolution, however, open for amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. Certainly it is.
Mr. MARSHALL. The committee will recol-
lect that many of us weie 
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is closed, but
amendments will be in order under the five min-
utes rule.
Mr. MARSHALL. What is the motion now
before the committee?
The CHAIRMAN. It is that the resolution
be laid aside and reported to the House with a
recommendation that H be hud upon the table.
Mr. MARSHALL. I have an amendment to
offer before that motion is taken, and I design
offering it now.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I barely wish
to state, that there are a number of gentlemen upon
this floor who wish to extend the provisions of
the existing bounty act to individuals not em-
braced in the present bill. As I urged upon the
committee the other day, that we should pass the
bill we had then before the House and take up
this bi!!> I now wish to notify the House, that ah
of us who are in favor of extending the bounty
land act, should not agree to the motion made by
the gentleman upon my left [Mr. Fitch,] but we
should take up this bill and go through with it.
The CHAIRMAN. The resolution wdi be
read through by sections. The first section of the
joint resolution of the House will be now read,
and the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Mar-
shall] can make his amendment.
Section 1st was then read, as follows r
Beit er ucted, &;c., That nothing in the sot approved Sep-
tember twenty-eighth, eighteen hundred and fittv, "grant-
ing bounty land to certain offers and soldiers* wlWhave
been engaged in the inihiaty service of the United State'; "
shall be so construed as to prevent the- sale and transfer of
any cumfieate or wairant isxied by virtue ot said act, prior
to the location of the &ame, or the i&^ue of the patent
thereon.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. We have al-
ready acted upon that subject, and I therefore
move to strike out the first section.
The motion was agreed to. So the first section
j was stricken out.
The Clerk then read the 3d section, as follows:
Sbr.kJ. Jlnd he it farther resolved, That llie rosters
and receivcia of the Urn ted States hind offices shaiHiere-
altei be severally authonzed toehaigp and receive for their
seiviee-, in locating bounty land warrants, the same rate of
compensation or percentage to which they are entitled by
law lor sale*; of the public lands for cash, at the late of one
dollar and iwenty-five cents per acre, the said compensa-
tion to be hereafter paid by the assignee* or holders of such
warrant^, m all ca^e^ where the same have been transferred
by the soldier or h^ Ietra! or personal representative, under
the provisions of the aet of Colore**, and the icgulatiotjb of
the Geneial Land Office on that subject, and to be naJd out
, l^e *'"<^ury of the TJnitPd State*, uoon th<> artju^t'nent
ot the account* of such officers, where it shall be Oiown to
the satisfaction of the General Ln-id Offlce, that the same
located by the soldier or wanantee, or in ea^e of
death by his next of km
gress aforesaid.
as provided by the acts of Cou-
I Mr. GAYLORD moved to strike out the 2<3
: section.
! Mr. CABELL. I desire to amend that section
j before the question is taken on striking- out. I
move to strike out all after the word " warrants"
m the 9th line, as follows:
"In all ca<e-3 where the same have been transferred by
the soidiei or im icsral 01 personal representative, under the
provision* of tiie act, of Cong.es,. and tho lobulation, of
i , !p -h'Md Ofrice on that s«b|ect, and to be paid out
of ie rm.,„y of the United S.ate.', upon tile :ui ul men
of the accounts ot such officers, whe.e it shall be « ,o\vn
to the satislaciinn of tiro General I.rmd Office that the same
vvns located by the soldier or wanantee, or in case of his
death by his next of km, as [aoviijed by the acts of Con
gre^s aforesaid."
Mr. C. continued. When this question was
last before the House, this whole subject of the
payment of registers and receivers was very fully
