2312
THE CONGRESSIONAL GJLQfiE.
August 24,
to remain there and exercise the duties of his
commission, according to the treaties made with
China. Never, before the execution of the treaty,
had any officer resided there with any other power
than that of a consul; and during the whole course
of my own experience and knowledge of the
Chinese trade, I believe there never has been, to
this day, any difficulty experienced with the Chi-
nese Empire in consequence of having no higher
officer than a consul at Hong Kong. But there
are consuls provided for in this bill for five places,
which I have already named. An appropriation
of §5,000 is made for them. The consuls are pro-
vided for, to be paid out of the Treasury of the
United States; and the commissioner is to reside,
I suppose, in China. But the duties of the office
are very light, indeed. There are no diplomatic
relations, no intercourse whatever, except that of
commerce, which is taken care of by the charges
in other countries, unless where very considerable
and important diplomatic relations exist.
Upon the ground, therefore, that such a minis-
ter as is at the Court of St. James—such a minis-
ter as is at the Court of St. Cloud—such a minis-
ter as is at Brazil—such a minister as is in a full
mission to any important Empire or Government
with whom we have diplomatic relations, requiies
totally distinct talents from that of the minister
to China—upon this ground, I say, and upon that
of the unconstitutionality of the provision increas-
ing the salary, I object to it.
Mr. PEARCE. I do not know that the office
of commissioner to China was ever created by !
act of Congress. I think that in 1842, Congress j
voted the sum of $40,000, which was placed at the j
disposal of the President of the United States, to j
enable him to open diplomatic relations with ]
China. Under the general authority thus given, j
the President sent out to that country, Mr. Gush-
ing as Minister Plenipotentiary and Commissioner, J
whose salary was, by the terms of the law, not to
exceed $9,000, besides outfit. Subsequently, by
our appropriation acts, we appropriated $5,000
for the salary of a commissioner to China, and so
far only can the office of commissioner to China
be said to have been created by law.
The committee supposed that the provision of
the House of Representatives in this bill, for an
outfit of $9,000 for the commissioner to China,
might conflict with the provision of the Constitu-
tion mentioned by the Senator from Rhode Island.
That provision is, " that no Senator or Repre-
' sentative shall, during the time for which he was
4 elected, be appointed to any civil office underthe
* authority of the United States, which shall have
* been created, or the emoluments whereof shall
4 have been increased during such time." And
that, therefore, the gentleman nominated and con-
firmed as Commissioner to China, could not avail
himself of the provision for an increase of salary
and outfit, as it came from the House of Represent-
atives. The committee were disposed to avoid
this difficulty,-if possible, and it was suggested
that it could be done by authorizing the salary and
outfit of a minister and plenipotentiary, because
that office is not created by act of Congress. It
exists under the law of nations, which defines its
duties and privileges, our own statutes only fixing
the salary attached to it. Congress does not create
the office, but regulates the salaries and provides
for the expenditure. It was supposed that this
appropriation might be amended in the way the
committee propose, and with that view there
would be no constitutional difficulty in the way of
the acceptance of the office by the gentleman
nominated as commissioner, if the President would
nominate him as minister plenipotentiary.
Some objection has been raised to this on the
ground that China is not in the same situation as
the nations of Christendom, among whom these
ministers are so well known. The Emperor of
China holds no direct intercourse, it is said, with
foreign Courts, although we know that embassa-
dors from Christian countries have been received,
as in the case of Lord McCartney, Embassador
from England, who had interviews with the Em-
peror, as well as Lord Amherst. I will add that
President Tyler, in his message of January, 1845,
stated that England had a plenipotentiary in China,
and Mr. Cushing, in the treaty which he nego-
tiated, described himself as minister plenipoten-
tiary. Whether tho minister we might send out
would be received in that country with the honors
customarily bestowed on such officers in a Chris-
tian country, I do not know. The functions he
would have to perform would be, whether minis-
ister or commissioner, precisely the same. The
on\y difference would be in an outfit and salary,
and the ceremonial etiquette. I think that in this
case the Constitution would not be violated by the
appointment of the present commissioner. The
President, in his message at the commencement
of the present session, recommends an increased
allowance for this functionary, and states that he
had not been able to procure the service of a suit-
able person in this office, because of the inade-
quacy of the usual compensation.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Mr. President, I have
but a word to say. 1 see my friend from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Davis] is anxious to proceed to the
special order. I will not interpose, provided it is
understood that I have the floor when this matter
again comes up.
My. DAVIS. Will the Senator from Kentucky
give way for a moment?
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I will give way, if it is
understood that I am entitled to the floor when
this subject again comes up.
Mr. DAVIS. "The hour of one o'clock has ar-
rived, and I should like the Senate to proceed to
the consideration of the special order. So far as
I am concerned, the Senator from Kentucky shall
have the floor when this subject again comes up.
There is no doubt that it will be discussed, for I
wish to offer an amendmenttothatportionofthebill
—an amendment of some importance, as I regard it,
not touching the question immediately under con-
sideration, but touching other matters connected
with that commission. I move now to postpone
the further consideration of this subject till to~
morrow, in order that we may proceed to the
special order of the day.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
RIVEK AND HARBOR BILL.
The Senate then resumed the consideration of
the bill from the House of Representatives, making
appropriations for certain rivers and harbors,
and its consideration was continued until past six
o'clock, when the amendments were ordered to be
engrossed, and the bill to be read a third time.
The Senate then adjourned.
[For the full report of the proceedings on the
bill, see Appendix.]
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, August 24, 1852.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by the Rev. C. M. Butler.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
[The Speaker has appointed the following gen-
tlemen to constitute the committee "to investigate
all the facts touching the connection of Thomas
Corwin, the present Secretary of the Treasury,
with the Gardiner claim:" Mr. Johnson of Ten-
nessee, Mr. Duncan of Massachusetts,Mr. How-
ard of Texas, Mr. Chapman of Connecticut,
and Mr. Preston King of New York.]
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the further consideration of Senate bill No. 223,
to amend an act entitled 44 An act to provide for
the better security of the lives of passengers on
board of vessels propelled in whole or in part by
steam, and for other purposes." The pending
amendment is the one offered by the gentleman
j from Iowa, [Mr. Henn.]
Mr. SIBLEY here obtained the floor.
Mr. HART. I call for the regular order of
business.
Mr. SIBLEY. I hope the gentleman will with-
draw his motion for a moment, as I want to ask
the unanimous consent of the House to take up
and pass Senate bill No. 540, providing for the
establishment of an additional land office in the
Territory of Minnesota. It is a bill of very great
importance to that Territory.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Hart,] and one or two other mem-
bers, insist upon the regular order of business.
Mr. BOWIE. Is it in order to move to suspend
the regular order of business ?
The SPEAKER. It is not during the morning
hour.
j Mr. DUNCAN. I rise to a question of privi-
I lege.- I find myself placed, by the Chair, upon
; the Special Committee, under the resolution intro-
| duced by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Olds]
yesterday. I ask to be excused from serving upon
that committee, as I am already a member of two
other committees, whose labors will be very ardu-
ous during the remainder of the session.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is, by the
rules, excused from serving upon that committee,
if he desires.
SECURITY OF PASSENGERS ON STEAMERS.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is called for, and the Clerk' will report the
amendment.
The clause under consideration was as follows:
il Provided, however, That when the structure of such
steamers is such, or the artangement ol the boilers or ma-
chinery is such, that the requirement-* aforesaid cannot,
without serious inconvenience or sacrifice, be complied
with, inspectors may vary therefrom, if. m their judgment,
it can be done with safety."
The pending amendment, proposed by Mr.
Henn, was to strikeout the word iS such," before
the word " steamers," and to insert the word
" any" in lieu thereof, and to insert after the word
(< steamers" the words " heretofore built."
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. I think that
amendment is not pertinent, as I understand it,
from the reading of the Clerk. I desire to have
the Clerk read it again.
The amendment was again read.
The question being upon the adoption of the
amendment—
Mr. IIENN called for tellers; which were not
ordered.
Mr. EDGERTON. I move a call of the House.
There is evidently not a quorum present.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in order
at this time. The House is now acting under the
operation of the previous question, and after the
previous question has been ordered, a call of the
House is not in order.
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment, and it was not agreed to.
The third section of the bill was read.
The several amendments of the Committee on
Commerce, striking out the paits in brackets and
inserting the parts in italics, were agreed to:
<1Bec. 3. *&nd beitfurther enacted, That eveiy vessel so
propelled hy steam, and carrying passengers, shall have not
less than three double acting forcing pumps, [of at least six-
inch,] with chamber at least four imkm in diameter, two
tn be worked by band and one by steam, if steam can be
employed, otherwise by hand; one whereof shall be placed
near the stern, one near the stem, and one aimd&hip ; ea< h
having; a suitable, well-fitted hose, of at least two thirds the
length of tlie vessel, kept at all times in perfect outer, and
ready for immediate use ; each of which pumps shall also
be supplied with water by a pipe connected therewith, and
passing through the side of the vessel, so low as to be at all
times in the water when she is afloat, [and shall also have
suitable provision for turning, at any time, a current of
steam into the hold :J Provided, That [m steamers naviga-
ting uvers only, one of the pumps aioresaid roav be dis-
pensed with, if the other provisions for extinguishing fire
are, in the opinion ot the inspectors, sufficient to becure
safety] in steamers not exceeding two hundred Ions mens-
ureinent) two of said pumps may be dispensed with, and w
steamers of over two hundred tons, and not exceeding five
hundred tuns measurement, one of said pumps may be dis-
pensed with 71
The fourth section of the bill was read, as fol-
lows, viz:
" Sec. 4. Jlnd be it further enacted, That every sach ves-
sel carrying passengeis, shall have at least two boats sup-
plied with oars, in good condition <it all times for service,
one of which boats shall bea[mPta!ho] life-boat fire-pioof,
[of approved model, not less than twenty five feet Ion?, six
feet six inches wide, and two feet deep,] and in all respects
a good, substantial, safe &ea-boat, capable of sustaining, in-
side and outride, fitty persons, with hfe-hnes attached [to
the gunwale] at suitable distances. [And every such vessel
carrj mg more than fifty passengers shall also have a similar
boat for every additional fifty passenger*, or, in««rpad thereof,
for every such number a good, substantial, safe, wooden
life-boat of suitable model, fitted with lite-hne& in manner
aforesaid, and capable of sustaining, inside and outfride, that
number of persons: Protided, however, That ferry and tow-
boats shall be exempt from the obligation to carry the life-
boats herein provided for; and Die inspector^ are hereby
authorized to grant a like dispensation to <-mali steamers of
light diaught, navigating small or shallow rivers, and also
to allow any other steamers navigating nvers only to cariy
but one life-boat, tho same being of suitable model and di-
mensions, and made of metal : Provided, They shall be
fully satisfied that such steamers have other piovi«ions for
the preservation of life m case of fiie, which are amply
sufficient for that puipose: *And proiidpd further, Thai
this section shall not be so conMrued as to compel the
purchase or use of any patented life-boat."J
The amendments of the Committee on Com-
merce were agreed to, as follow:
I Strike out all of the above section inclosed in brackets,
and insert u good and suitable" before the word 11 boats,
where it first occurs; insert after " life-boat," where it first
occurs, the words "made of metal."
The next amendment of the committee to this
