1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
537
discussed. The conclusion at which I then arrived
as to die temper and feeling of the House, was,
that there was no possibility of inducing the mem-
bers of this House to pay anything out of the
Treasury of the United Stares to these registers
and receivers. But it seems to me, that the sense
of justice of every member on this floor must
bring him to the conclusion, that the men who ren-
der this service for the holders of these warrants,
should be remunerated in some way. I propose,
therefore, to strike out ali that part of the section
which relates to the past, and requires payment
by the Government for the future, so as to leave
the payment to be made by theholdeis of the war-
rants to the registers and receivers. This 1 would
suggest as a compromise between the two parties
in this House—those who are opposed to any com-
pensation, and those who are only opposed to
compensation for past services.
1 am satisfied that much injustice may be done
to the registeis and receivers ni past time, but I
am in favor of doing justice as far as i can. I
have come to the conclusion, that it is utterly im-
possible to induce the House to pay out of the
Treasury of the United States for these past ser-
vices; and therefore I am for making provision
for payment in future.
1 think that the holders of these warrants, as
well as the assignees, ought to be made to pay
this, and will be willing to do it.
I represent a large number of holders of bounty
land warrants, and the argument that it is wrong
that the soldier should be called on to pay one
dollar for one hundred and sixty acres of land,
does not carry with it any force with me. I am
satisfied that my constituents—the present holders
of these warrants as well as the assignees—are
perfectly willing to pay the men who do this ser-
vice.
Now, I appeal to gentlemen who think some-
thing ought to be done for the registers and re-
ceivers, that they will meet on tins common ground,
and say, that m future the holders of the warrants
shall pay the amount here specified to the registers
and receh ers. A very large portion of these war-
rants have yet to be issued, and so far as any
mere party question is concerned, I will say to the
Democratic, gentlemen who are so confident that at
the next election they will succeed in removing
the Wing incumbents from office, that they will
get the benefit of this provision, because we know,
from the number of warrants to be issued, it will
be utterly impossible that half of them can be lo-
cated within the next twelve months. There will
be equal and just compensation to all the parties
concerned, and I trust the House will adopt the
amendment.
Thcqucstion was then taken on the amendment,
and it was agreed to.
Thequpstion recurring upon the motion to strike
out the second section,
Mr. SACKETT moved further to amend the
section proposed to be stricken out, by striking
out all after the word''warrants," in the fourth
line, to and including the word " acre,"in the sev-
enth line, as follows:
" The tame rate of compensation or percentage to which
they are entitled by law t'oi sale-, of the public hinds lor
cash, at the late of $1 2.) per acio."
And insert in lieu thereof the following:
k< As follow? : for warrants of fort} acje«, fifty cents; for
wariautt* or eighty acre-!, one dollar; and tor Wcnrants of
one hundred and sixty acres, two dollars.51
Mr. S. said: The effect of that amendment will
be to fix a specific compensation for these registers
and leceivers, and to make it just half the present
late, or half per cent. each.
This subject was pretty fully discussed when
the bill from the Semite, of a similar character to
this, was before the House the other day. I am
satisfied the House does not intend to pass a pro-
vision giving to the registers and receivers the
same compensation for locating these warrants
that is allowed them for the location of purchased
lands, for the reason that these warrants are gen-
erally brought to the offices in parcels, and the
labor of locating them is therefore not so great as
is the labor of locating purchased lands. If I un-
destand the general law—and I believe I do—the
compensation proposed by this amendment will be
one half the present compensation.
Mr. DUNHAM here interposed a remark, but
in such a low voice as to be entirely inaudible to
the reporter.
Mr. SACKETT. It will be just half the com- j
pensation. i
I have no disposition to discuss this question j
further. It was cunpiy debated when the bill fiurn
the Senate was before the House. If it is the de-
sire of the House to reduce the compensation of1
these officers one half, this amendment will uc- j
comphsh that object, and preserve a uniform rate :
of compensation. |
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I am opposed I
to this amendment, and to every amendment j
having for its object theallowance of compensation '
to these receivers and registers for duties connected j
with these bounty 'land wan ants. But I would
ask the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Sack- j
ett,] upon what principle he would make this .
compensation a peicentage'* It requires the same '
labor to register a forty acre warrant as it does to
register an eighty or one hundred and sixty acie
warrant. If any compensation at all should be
given them for these services, it seems to me that
it ought to be upon the principle reported by the
select committee, and that is to allow them affixed
compensation for locating a bounty land warrant,
whether for forty or one handled and sixty acres.
It', therefore, gentlemen intend to pay them any-
thing at all, the proper way would be to aliow
them fifty cents for each warrant. There is ji^t
as much trouble m locating a small wan ant as a
taken, however, until the amendment of the gen-
tleman from New York is disposed of.
Mr. HARRIS. To be sure not, butwhen that
amendment m disposed of, the pending question
will be on cue motion to strike out and insert, if
the gentleman is allowed to make the modification.
Mr. STUART. I propose to amend the amend-
ment of the gentleman from New York, so as
to give these officers two per cent, each, instead of
one per cent, for both.
Mr. DUNHAM. I desire, if it is in order, to
move to amend the amendment of the gentleman
from Ohio, which is to strike out the 2d section,
by inserting the 3d section of the bili reported by
the select committee.
The CHAIRMAN. That is the motion of the
gentleman from Ohio; he has modified his amend-
ment.
Mr. STUART. I have some solicitude upon
this subject, but I confess I have also my misgiv-
ings as to my own ability, or as to the ability of
anybody, to arrest the attention of this-committee
so as to induce them to act deliberately upon this
question. But still I ask the indulgence of the
committee, while I submit a few remarks.
I wish to call attention to the fact, that on the
last day when this question was discussed here,
every single member that rose and opposed amend-
ments to the former bill, declared his willingness
to pay these registers and receivers.
[Cries of " Oil! no !"]
Mr. S'FUART. Yes. I have the record, and
large one, and there is no reason for a percentage
in this case. Where the lands are purchased, the
percentage is allowed for the trouble and expense . ? 
of receiving the money and taking care of it, and i! I say that on that day every man who opposed
transmuting it to the Government. But I am op- {■ amendments to the Inll tlien pending, indicated a
posed to giving them anything. These o.'ficei s '' " .......
now have a salaiy of <,500. What other duties
have they to perform but to be there from dav to
day, and from morning till mght, if you please, m
the discharge of the duties incumbent on them as
registers and receivers ? It is for that they reeer. e
willingness to pay these olHcers, but insisted that
| it was out of place; that we should first pass the
; first section of the bill making the land warrants
j assignable, and then make provision for the com-
i pensation of* registers and receivers afterwards.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I was one of
their salaries of #500? Why give them additional jj those who opposed that bill, and yet I certainly
compensation? The original percentage was a!
lowed, because they had to fake care of the public
money, and not for the performance of these du-
ties. I am, therefore, in favor of striking out the
whole section.
Mr. GAYLORD. I wish to modify my amend-
ment so as to strike out the 2d section and in-
sert the 2d section of the hill reorted by the
select committee.
The CHAIRMAN. It is not in order at this
time, as there is an amendment pending.
Mr. DUNHAM. What is the precise posi-
tion of the amendments?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Gaylord] moves to strike out the 2d sec',ion.
The gentleman from New York moves to amend
that section by striking out what was lead, and ni-
sei ting a provision to reduce the compensation
one half.
Mi. DUNHAM. Is it in order now to move
to amend the motion of the gentleman from Ohio,
by adding "and insert the 2d section of the bill
reported by the select committee?"
The CHAIRMAN. That motion will be m
order. It is, however, in order, in the first place,
to move to amend the section proposed to be
stricken out. Such a motion is pending, nnd it is
now in nider to move to amend that portion pro-
posed to be stricken out by the gentleman fiom
New York.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. Isit notinorder
for the gentleman from Ohio to modify his own
motion ' The gentleman from Ohio, if I under-
stand it rightly, moved to strike out the2dsection;
he now proposes to modify his motion so as to
strike out and insert.
The CHAIRMAN. That would be inordei.
Mr. HARRIS. Wel^ that is pi eoisely what!
understand the gentleman from Ohio proposes to
do.
Mr. GAYLORD then modified his motion to
strike out the 2d section of the joint resolution of
the House, and to insert the 2d section of the bill
reported by the select committee, as follows:
"Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further en<tctecJ, That frotri and af-
ter the pa^ase of tin-, act. the rcin-tcu and rocnvei- of
the United fcHate* land offices frhal! each be entitled to
receive filty cent? foi his services in locating each bounty
land wan ant bv hmi located, to be paid bv the person or
person- locating the ?ame; but tin-* act shall not be --o con-
strued as to aliow any resrMoi or leoeiver to receive anv
greater max'unmn of salary and fees than by law he iss now
entitled."
The CHAIRMAN. That question will not be
did not express myself as m favor of this com-
pensation to registers and receivers.
Mr. STUART. The gentleman did not under-
stand me. I did not say that every gentleman who
had spoken in opposition to the bill had expressed
himself in favor of paying these registers and
receivers, but every gentleman who expressed any
opinion upon the subject; and, so far as my recol-
lection goes, such was the fact. There were sev-
eral gentlemen who spoke on the bill who did not
express any opinion, one way or the other, in re-
lation to the matter.
I now wish to direct the attention of the House
to the propriety of paying these men. I desire to
say, m answer to the argument of the gentleman
from Georgia, [Mr. Stephens,] that argument
! wouid be just as good against paying a receiver or
| register for any other business. They had £500
| salary for entering these lands,payable in money,
, and they have it now. But Congress has inter-
i posed and made land warrants receivable, thereby
; taking away a great deal of their pay, and redu-
1 cmg it to a mere pittance in most instances, be-
'■ cause, in a large majority of cases, the receipts
' of the land office would not amount to $500, ex-
i elusive of cleik hire. Now, is it fair for Congress
! to interpose and make an article receivable out of
i which they received their pay, and then refuse to
compensate them for their loss5 Is there any
principle in itJ Is there any reason in it? I think
1 not. If this principle be a true one, you may go
fuither, and make nothing but land warrants re-
ceivable, thereby reducing their compensation, in
all cases, to the §500 a salary merely, which
would leave them bankrupt.
; It was said here, the other day, that a man might
hold a land office and attend to it at his conve-
nience, or that in addition to it he might be a mer-
chant, or practice law, or attend to his farm, or
; anything else. Rut who can tell when a man will
come to enter land? I say the land officer must be
' at his office all the time; and if you desire to have
■ responsible and competent officers, you must pay
, them. The essence of the matter is tins: you have
interposed by law to make an article receivable for
land which was not receivable before, thereby ta-
king fiom youi land officers their )ust compensa-
, tion by altering the basis of their percentages, and
' you now refuse to pay them.
Now, it is sjid, let the holders of the warrants
pay for them. That is all riy;ht when the warrant
has been assigned; but while it is still in the hands
of the soldier, he should not be compelled to pay
