1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2813
section was to insert, after the words "suitable
distances," the following, viz:
" And every such vessel of more than five hundred tons,
and not exceeding eiijht hundred tons measurement, shall
have three life-boat* ; and every such vessel of more than
eight hundred tons, and not exceeding fifteen hundred tons
measurement, {shall have four life-boats; and every such
vessel of more than fifteen hundred tons measurement, shall
have six life-boats—all of which boats shall be well fur-
nished with oars and other necessary apparatus: Provided,
however, The inspectors are hereby authorized to exempt
steamers navigating riveis only fiom the obligation to car-
rying of, the lite-hoat herein provided for, moie than one—
th« same being of suitable dimensions, made of metal, and
furnished with all necessary apparatus for use and safety,
such steamers having other suitable provisions for the pres-
ervation of life in case of fire or other disaster."
Mr. EDGERTON. This is an important
amendment in its character. It exempts some of
the boats from the provisions of the hill.
Mr. HAVEN". Is it competent to divide this
amendment at the word "provided^" and take a
separate vote upon each part?
The SPEAKER. It is not competent to do so.
Mr. HAVEN, The case of the steamer Henry
Clay is an example, showing the proviso had bet-
ter be left out
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. I should like
to say a word upon this amendment.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can only do
so by unanimous consent.
Several Voices. " Agreed !" " Agreed!"
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. The House
will observe that the bill, as it came to us from
the Seriate, provided that the number of life-boats
with which a steamer should be provided was reg-
ulated by the number of passengers she might
chance to carry. The committee looked into that
matter, and consulted with gentlemen of great ex-
perience both upon the western and the eastern
waters, and they came to the conclusion that it
would be difficult to regulate the number of boats
by the number of passengers the steamer should
have on board, because that number was very fluc-
tuating. It was then presented to the considera-
tion of the committee, that as regards river boats
there was not the same necessity of having a large
number of life-boats as there is upon the Atlantic
coast or upon our inland seas, because steamers
navigating rivers have narrow channels to pursue,
and they can more readily be brought to the shore,
and one good metallic life-boat is enough in ordi-
nary cases upon all those rivers, and the decision
of the question as to whether they should have
more is left to the discretion of the inspectors.
Some of these rivers are so very narrow that it
would hardly be deemed necessary that there
should be any life-boats; but the committee were
not willing to dispense with one at least; and they
require that where there is but one upon the steam-
er, that shall be a metallic one, and they left it to
the discretion of the inspectors, as is provided in
the section, to relieve some of the smaller boats,
running upon smaller rivers, from the necessity of
carrying more than one, provided that life-boat is
made of metal.
The House will perceive further, that for the
preservation of life, they are also required to have
life-preservers and floats, and that there is to be
as many of these on board as there are passengers.
Those are smaller articles, which can be provided
in greater numbers, and there is no hardship m re-
quiring that every steamer, whether navigating a
river or an inland sea, should be provided with
them, and with all that kind of apparatus of small
size which can easily be stowed away upon a boat
in sufficient numbers to meet any exigency what-
ever.
As this bill was graduated when it came from
the Senate, it required that there should be an
immense number of the life-boats, for the larger
steamers, capable of carrying eight hundred or one
thousand passengers—so many that there would
be no way of carrying these boats, and they would
be an incumbrance. Hence it was evidently ne-
cessary that some discretion should be left with
the inspectors, in reference to the business which
the boat was doing, to the place to which she is
running, and such"like matters, as to the means
she mi >ht have for securing the safety of passen-
gers in°cases of emergency. We have therefore
provided that the number of life-boats shall be
graduated by the tonnage of the vessel, so as to
require vessels of the largest tonnage to have six
life-boats, and a dispensing power is given to the
inspectors to dispense with all these life-boats, but
one, provided they shall consider it safe for the
vessel to run with that, upon the rivers, and only
u'pon rivers.
Now, one word in regard to the kind of life-
boats. It has been found by experience that you
cannot rely at all times upon wooden life-boats.
A wooden boat, made as a life-boat, may be in
many cases as good as an iron one; but when that
wooden boat has been long exposed to the sun
and to the weather, it is often found to fail when
it is most needed, and passengers have been left
without any reliance of this kind. Everybody
knows, who has looked at this matter for the last
few years, that among navigators there has been
a great call for metallic life-boats.
Mr. HOUSTON", (interrupting.) I understand
the previous question has been called upon this
bill, and discussion is not in order.
The SPEAKER. The House gave its unani-
mous consent to the gentleman to make his re-
marks.
Mr. HAVEN. Of course if the gentleman does
not consent to have a separate vote taken upon the
different parts of the amendment, then, under the
ruling of the Chair, thatends the matter. I should
like to have the proviso stricken out. I think in
the case of the Henry Clay, if they had been pro-
vided with life-boats, it would have saved some
number more of lives, but yet if the gentleman does
not consent to my proposition, we had better pass
it.
Mr. SEYMOUR. I say, in reply to my col-
league, that on the Henry Clay there were boats;
but what could boats have done with such man-
agement as they had on board the Henry Clay,
when the pilot ran it stern foremost upon the shore,
and the pilots and the hands escaped, leaving the
passengers upon the stern? Under such circum-
stances, boats would have done no good. It was
the mismanagement of the officers of the boat that
caused the great destruction of life.
But there are some "cases upon our rivers to
which it will not do to apply that rule, because
you will only lumber up the vessels which do not
need this large number of boats. One life-boat,
in such cases, is amply sufficient, if it be a good
one. I was going to the question of a metallic
boat, and I will say that the experience of the last
few years has convinced all navigators that it is
absolutely necessary to rely upon a metallic boat,
and that at least one such should be upon every
vessel. Now, it has been said that this bill re-
quires a patented life-boat, and that is an objec-
tion, as I understand, urged by some gentlemen.
I do not know how many patented life-boats there
maybe. I suppose there is no more than theie
are patented life-preservers. We all know there
are life-preservers. We know there is one
life-boat patented which is made of metal. How
many more there may be, I do not know; J
but all we have done here is to prescribe that one j
of these life-boats shall beof metal. Now, I have
examined the patent of a gentleman who claims |
to have a patented life-boat made of metal. He
does not patent the fact of making it of metal, nor j
could he do it. Any gentleman acquainted with j
the patent laws, knows that he could not patent j
the right of making a boat of metal, and exclude j
every other person from making another boat of j
metal. He has not done it. He has three pat- ;
ents, of which I have had copies from the Patent [
Office, for the purpose of examining this question !
and meeting this objection. All these patents ap- J
ply exclusively to the air-chest, which gives buoy- i
ancy to the boat, and to the particular mode of1
making the sides by a corrugation of iron, and to j
nothing else. There is no such thing obtainable i
as a patent for making a boat of metal. There is ■
no such thins: in existence, and, therefore, this '
bill accomplishes what the House, I think, de-
sires to have done. They do not wish to exclude j
patentees from making things which should be 1
made most serviceable. If a man has made the !
best life-preserver, and has a patent for it, he may j
enjoy it, and if it is a proper one, it will command j
the approbation and the patronage of the commu- j
nitv. So it is with life-boats; and do not let us |
interfere here for the purpose of legislating for any
man's life-boat, or any man's life-preserver, or
any man's any other notion that he may deem
expedient for the preservation of human life. That
is what we have endeavored studiously to avoid,
and the bill does not now recognize any such right.
Give every man a fair chance to present his inven-
tion before the public; because if we had legislated
for it after having given the man a patent, we
should give him the very worst kind of monopoly.
We should provide that every man, by this law,
should have the thing, and yet, by the patent
laws, exclude any other person from furnishing it,
except the patentee. It is a monopoly, such as
no man in this House would ever think of grant-
ing. I hopfe the amendmentof the committee will
be adopted as proposed.
Mr. EDGERTON. I trust I may be allowed,
by the House, to say a few words in reply to the
chairman of the committee who has just taken hia
seat.
Mr. HART. I object.
Mr. EDGERTON. I think it is unfair that the
gentleman should object. The chairman has made
an attack upon the proposition I submitted, and 1
am not permitted to answer him.
Mr. HENN. I trust that the gentleman from
Ohio will be allowed to proceed.
Mr. EDGERTON. Discussion isallowedonly
on one side.
Mr. HART. If the object of the previous
question was to cut off all debate, I do ocject.
Mr. EDGERTON. I should have objected to
the chairman's making his attack upon my amend-
ments, when they were shut out by the previous
question and not before the House, had I sup-
posed an opportunity to answer him would have
been denied me. There is one word I will say,
as to this proviso, which I am sure the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Hart] will permit.
I think thechairman himself is in error. He pro-
vides for a certain kind of iron life-boat in the first
part of the fourth section of the bill. He stated
in his remarks he had provided that steamboats
upon the rivers should carry one of the same kind
of iron life-boats described in the first part of sec-
tion fourth. Such is not the fact. Steamers navi-
gating rivers are not required to carry the life-
boat which those navigating other waters must
carry. The bill in this section, and in fact through-
out, makes exceptions in favor of river steamers,
which the admitted lesser danger do not justify.
The boat is described in the bill as an iron life-
boat, capable of sustaining fifty persons outside
and inside. There being, as the chairman says,
no particular boat described or provided for,
and it being intended to exclude positively the
only really valuable life-boats now known to the
public, simply because they are patents,it will be
left to the discretion of the inspector to determine
the kind of boat; and whether it will contain fifty
persons, outside and inside, in a sea or the surf,
so as to save their lives, is left to men one half of
whom never saw, and perhaps never will see, a
life-boat. The boat described in the proviso is a
life-boat of suitable dimensions, made of metal.
It may carry fifty, or it may only carry ten. It
is not required to carry fifty persons outside and
in, and is intended to be a boat of less capacity
and inferior usefulness to the other boat. Now,
sir, if a man has to swim for his life, and he
knows not how, it is a matter of perfect indiffer-
ence whether he is in the river or in the lake. He
wants a boat or somehfe-savingapparatus,proved
and tested to be efficient, to get him ashore or keep
him afloat; and these river steamers, if they are
exempted from carrying but one life-boat, should
carry the best one provided for.
Mr. SEYMOUR. 1 wish to call the gentle-
man's attention for a moment to a former provis-
ion of this section. I will say to the gentleman
from Ohio, that by referring to the eighth and
ninth lines of this section, to which the proviso is
attached, he will find it is required that the life-
boat shall be in all respects a good, substantial,
safe sea-boat, capable of sustaining inside and
outside fifty persons. Then thf pro\ iso says that
"the inspectors are hereby authorized to exempt
' steamers navigating rivers only from the obhga-
* tion to carry more than one of the life-boats
(herein provided for." And those provided for
are such as will carry fifty inside and out.
Mr. EDGERTON. There is a qualification in
that " herein provided for." All that the proviso
requires is that the boat shall be of " suitable
dimensions, and made of metal." That is all,
and so the inspector will consider it.
Mr. SEYMOUR. Not at all.
Mr. EDGERTON. A life-boat that will carry
fifty persons, outside and in, is the one ail steamers
should be required to carry; but this is left, as
