1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2315
splves by examination and experimental trials, that the
boilers ai ft well made of good and suitable material; ihat
tlie openings for the passage of water and steam respect-
ively, and all pipes and tubes exposed to heat are of proper
dimensions, and free from obstruction ; that the spaces be-
tween the flues are sufficient, and that the fire line of the
furnace is below the prescribed water-line of the boilers;
and that such boilers and the machinery and the appurte-
nances may be safely employed in the service proposed in
the written application, without peril to life ; and shall also
satisfy themselves that the safety valves are of suitable di-
mensions, sufficient in number, well arranged, and in good
working order, (one of which may, if necessary in the
opinion of the inspectors to secure safety, be taken wholly
from the control of all persons engaged in navigating such
vessel;) that there is a suitable number of gauge cocks
properly inserted, and a suitable water gauge and steam-
gauge, indicating the height of the water and the pressure
of the -team ; that in or upon the outside flue of each out-
side high-pressure boiler, there is placed, in asuitable man-
ner alloyed metals, fusible by the heat of the boiler, when
raised to the highest working pressure allowed, and that in
or upon the top of the flues of all other high -pressure boil-
ers in the steamer, such alloyed metals aie placed as afore-
said, fusing at ten pounds greater pressure than said metals
on the outside boilers, thereby, in each case, letting
steain escape; and that adequate and certain provision i*
made for an ample supply o( water to feed the boilers at all
times, whether such vessel is in motion or not; so that
in high-pressure boilers the water shall not be less than
four inches above the flue: Provided, however, in steamers
hereafter supplied with new high-pressure b.nlers, if the
alloy fuses on the outer boilers at a pressure of ten pounds
exceeding the working pressure allowed, and at tweritv
pounds above said pressure on the inner boilers, it shall be
a sufficient compliance with this act.
The question was put, and the amendment was
agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Commerce was read. Jt was to strikeout the third
clause of section nine, as follows:
["Third, That in subjeenngto the hydrostatic test afore- .
said boilers called and usually known undpr the designa-
tion of high- pressure boilers, the inspectors shall assume one
hundred and ten pound's to the square inch as'the maxi-
mum piessure allowable as a working power for a new
boilier forty-two inches in diameter, madeof inspected iron
plates at leapt one fourth of an inch thick, 111 the best man-
ner, and of the quality herein required, and shall rate the
woiking power of all high-pressure boilers, whether of
greater or less diameter, old or new, according to their
strength coinpaied with thi-s standard : and in subjecting to
the test aforesaid, that class of boilers usually designated
and known as low-pressure boilers, the said inspectors shall
assume fifty pounds pressure to the square inch as tlie max-
imum working power upon a new boiler of medium size,
made of the material and in the manneralbresaid, and shall
rate all low pressure boilers, whether greater 01 le-^s, old or
new, according to their strength compared with this stand
ard: ProiUed, That no such boilers of either description
hereafter made shall be rated over the said standard pre-
scribed; and in all eases the working power allowed shall
be to the test applied a* one hundred atid ten to two hun-
dred: Jlnd jrrovuled further, That the same rule shall be
observed in regard to boiler* previously made, unless the
proportion between any such hoi)pis and the cylinder, or
some other cause, renders it manifest that its> application
would be unjust, in which cases the inspectors may depart
from it if it can be done with safety. And no valve, under any
circumstances, shall be loaded or so managed, m any way,
as to subject the boiler to a greater pressure than the amount
allowed by the inspectois; nor shall any boiler or pipe be
approved which is made of had material, or is unsafe from
its form, or dangerous from delective workmanship, age,
use, or any other cause."]
And to insert in lieu thereof the following, viz;
Third. That m subjecting to the hydrostatic test afore-
said boilers called and usually known under the designa-
tion of high pressure boilers, the inspeetorshall assume one
hundred and ten pounds to the square inch, as the maximum
pres&ure allowable as a working power for a new boiler
forty-two inches in diameter, made of iron plates as herein
required, at least one fourth of an inch thick, in the best
manner and of the quality herein required, and shall rate
the working power of all high pressure boilers, whether of
greater or less diameter, old or new, according to their
strength compared with this standard, and in all cases the
test applied shall exceed the working power allowed, in the
ratio of one hundred and sixty five to one hundred and ten,
and no high-pressure boilers hereafter made shall be rated
above this standard : and in subjecting to the test aforesaid,
that class of boilers usually designated and known ad low-
pressure boilers, the said inspectors shall allow as a work-
ing power of each new boiler a pressure of only two thirds
the number of pounds to the square inch to which it shall
have been subjected to the hydrostatic test and found to he
sufficient therefor, using the water in such tests at a tem-
perature not exceeding sixty degrees Fahrenheit; but should
such inspector be of the opinion, that said boiler, by reason
of its construction or material will not safely allow so high
a working pressure, they may, for reasons to be stated spe-
cifically in their certificate, fix the working piessure of said !
boiler at less than two third® of said test pressure, and no I
low-pressure boiler heieafter made shall be rated in its
working pressure above the aforesaid standard: And pro-
vided, That the same rules shall be observed in regard to the
boilers heretofore made, unl ss the proportion between such
boilers arid the cylinders, or some oiher cause, renders it
manifest that its application would be unjust, in which cases
the inspectors may depart from these rules, if it can be done
with safety; but in no case shall the working pressure al-
lowed exceed the hydrostatic test, and no valve, under any
circumstances, shall be loaded or so managed in any way
as to subject a boiler to a greater pressure than the amount
allowed by the inspectors, nor shall any boiler or pipe be
approved which is made w whole or in part of bad material,
or is unsafe in its form, or dangerous from defective work-
manship, age, use, or any other cause.
The question was put, and the amendment was
agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has ex-
pired.
Mr. POLK. I move to go into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
WIDOW OF THOMAS J. CAMPBELL.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour having
expired, the business before the House is the mo-
tion made by the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Churciiwell] yesterday, to suspend the rules for
the purpose of mtioducing the following resolu-
tion, which will be read by the Clerk.
The resolution was then read, as follows:
Resolved, That there he paid out of the contingent fund
of this House, to the widow of its late Cleik, Thomas J.
Campbell, a sum equal to the salary of said Clerk, reckoned
from the tune ot his death to the close of the session of Con-
gress during which he died.
Mr. ORR. Would it not be in order for the
House to proceed with, and finally dispose of, the
bill which we have been just acting upon, if a
majority desires to do so?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that the
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Ciiurchwell]
has a right to call up the business which he intro-
duced on yesterday.
Mr B1SSELL. If it be in order, I move that
the House proceed to the business upon the
Speaker's table.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that the
motion made by the gentleman from Tennessee
[Mr. Churchwell] on yesteiday, to suspend the
rules, is the first business in order. U is of a priv-
ileged character, and must be put to the HLouse.
The question was then taken, and the rules of
the House were not suspended.
ADDITIONAL LAND OFFICE IN MINNESOTA.
Mr. SIBLEY. I have a bill of considerable im-
portance, which has just passed the Senate, which
1 desire to have action upon. ! do not intend to
trespass upon the time of the House more than is
necessary. I ask that it may be taken up and
passed. It is Senate bill No 540, to create an
additional land office in the Temtory of Minne-
sota.
There being; no objection, the bill was taken up,
read the first and second time by its title, and or-
dered to a third reading; and, according to order,
was read a third time and passed.
CLOSE OF DEBATE.
Mr. DUNCAN". I move the usual resolution
to close debate in Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, upon House bill No. 212, in
two hours after the consideration of the bill shall
be resumed in committee.
Mr. WALSH. Was not the mot ion to pro-
ceed to the business upon the Speaker's table in
order? I submit that motion.
The SPEAKER Some gentleman did propose
to proceed to the business upon the Speaker's
table, when it was not in order to submit any mo-
tion whatever, there being a privileged question
pending. That privileged" question having been
disposed of, the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Duncan] was recognized, and his is a legtti- ;
mate, original proposition.
Mr. DUNCAN. I will modify my resolution,
and say one hour.
Mr. HENN. If it is in order to amend the
resolution, I move to insert five minutes instead
of one hour.
The resolution was then read, as follows:
Resolved, That all debate in the Committee of the Whole
House on the state ot the Union, on the hill of the House
No. 3J2, "making appropriations for lighthouses, hght-
boats., buoys, &c., and providing for the erection and estab-
lishment of the same, arid for other purpose5*," shall cease
in one hour after the Committee shall resume its consider-
ation, (if the committee shall not sooner come to a conclu-
sion upon the same,) arid the committee shall then pro
ceed to vote on such amendments as may he pending: or
offered to the same, and shall then report it to the Hou^e,
with such amendments as may bave been agreed to by the
committee.
Mr. TAYLOR. I move to amend the amend-
ment by inserting two hours. The bill is a very
important one.
Mr. HAMILTON. I move the ptevious ques-
tion.
Mr. POLK. I would ask as a matter of kind-
ness of the gentleman who moved to amend the
resolution by making it five minutes, to allow me
the privilege of one hour at least. I have en-
deavored to get the Speaker's ear all the morning,
for the purpose of making the motion to go into
committee, but I hove been unfortunate.
Mr. HENN. 1 do not wish to deprive the gen-
tleman from Tennessee of his hour. 1 will there-
fore wi'hdraw my amendment.
The previous question was then seconded, and
the mam question was ordered to be put.
The SPEAKER. The question will be first
taken upon the motion of the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Taylor] to strike out "one hour" in
the resolution, and insert44 two hours."
The question was then taken, and it was not
agreed to.
The question then recurring upon the adoption
of the resolution, it was put, and decided in the
affirmative.
So the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted, and to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table; which
latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. DUNCAN. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Wholeon the state of the Union.
Mr. COBB. Will the gentleman yield for a
moment? The Committee on Revisal and Unfin-
ished Business desire to offer a resolution which
I hope wti{ meet, with the unanimous consent of
the House, it is a resolution to keep alive until
the next session of Congress the business which
cannot be reported upon by the committees of this
House the present session, ft is the usual reso-
lution, and if any gentleman objects to it, 1 will
move to suspend the ru'es.
The resolution was then read, as follows:
Resolved, That all the bill*, resolution", and other matter
referred to the standing committees of this Ffou^e, upon
winch no report .'•hall have b«*en made at ihn session, slial)
be returned informally to the Clerk, and shall by virtue of
this resolution stand recommitted at the commencement of
the next session to s.ud committee^ into whose possesion
the Clerk i^ hereby directed to restore them.
The SPEAKER. The Chair hears no objec-
tion, and the resolution will be considered as be-
fore the House.
Mr. BOWIE. I offer the following, as a sub-
stitute:
And that the standing committees of this House have
leave to report on the several matter4? referred to them re-
spectively, by fifing their report* and bill- (if any) with the
Clerk of tins House, and that the said repoits and bills be
printed and entered on the Calendar as if made in the
House upon a call of ihe Speaker.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. The amendment
of the gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Bowie] is
offered as a substitute for the resolution of the
gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Houston.] I
offer the following, as an addition to the resolution
of the gentleman from Alabama:
Resolved further, That fiom and after this dav the House
will hold an evening session at seven o'clock, to be devoted
to receiving reports of committees, provided ttiat all InlH
and.joint resolution* reported with a recommendation that
they pa->s be refeired when reported.
Mr BOWIE. 1 originally intended what I
offered as an amendment to the resolution of the
gentleman from Alabama, but my friends induced
me to offer it as a substitute. I desire to modify
it, and offer it as an addition to the resolution of
the gentleman from Alabama.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. I offer the reso-
lution I *senc! to the Chair as a substitute for the
amendment of the gentleman from Maryland,
[Mr. Bowie.] The resolution of the gentleman
from Maryland is inconsistent with the resolution
of the gentleman from Alabama. I therefore offer
my proposition as a substitute for it.
Mr. STUART. As I understand the proposi-
tion, it is this: The gentleman from Maryland
[Mr. Bowie] offers his amendment as an amend-
ment to the resolution offered by the gentleman
from Alabama.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Harris] moves to amend the amend-
ment.
Mr. STUART. So I understand it. I wish
to make an observation in referenceto the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Maryland. As I
heard it read, it seems to propose that the com-
mittees of this House shall be at liberty to repoi t,
and to have these reports printed and placed upon
the Calendar, without any action or knowledge of
this House. Now, it seems to me, that much
