1452*
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 24,
the practice in many particulars in order to prevent abides,
to provide for a joinder of actions, and prevent an unneces-
sary multiplication of suits—to avoid all useless forms, and
prevent an unnecessary multiplication of papers, order*,
and proceedings—lessen the amount of labor and services
performed, and to pay the officers generally better for ser-
vices which are leally necessary. If the same man has
been guilty of half a dozen distinct offenses of the same
character, which might be joined in an indictment, by virtue
of the bill proposed, under the present practice, h distinct
suit i."? prosocuted for each offense, making the same co^t8?
in each suit. And if the same person is a proper witness
for the Government in half a dozen suits pending at the
same time, afeubpcenai* issued and served on him in each
suit at each term of the court requiring his attendance.
The bill provides that one subpeena shall be sufficient to
command the attendance of a witness on the court, to
tion; then these officers must have compensation; :
but not satisfied with, that, they have been em- I
ployed in the double capacity of officers and wit- I
nesses. These returns show that a considerable !
portion of this deficiency has accrued in this way ■
—by going out into the highways and byways j
and picking up such fellows as are willing to be- ;
come officers to enforce such a law; and then, over j
and above the per diem paid to them as officers, j
they are employed and paid as witnesses. The '
returns in the Comptroller's office will show that
to be the fact. In addition to that, a report I have
just received shows something else; it shows how
these expenses have grown up. I find in this re-
111 i i j . i lilwl c llclvc w 1u vv ii i- ixiivi in
testity in all thecauseam which Ins testimony may be needed ,1 f fnr thp (liVrct of Massa- '
for the United States, and the needless labor and expense h port that—UJ?e, tor instance, tne tusaxtci
of issuing and serving several subpoenas will be saved. |j chusetts—the expenses, exclusive oi the saJanes
aggregate
fourth pa;
would, in my opinion, reduce
what the accounting officer* would alhuv under th<s present
laws perhaps $80,000; and tn the other districts the ex-
penses would be increased on the one hand about a-* much
as tliey would be diminished on the other.
If these estimates aio correct, in ca^e the bill should he-
come a law, there will be needed tor the fiscal year com-
mencing July 1st, 1855, and ending June 30th, id53, an ap-
propriation of §550,000
And for deficiencies tor the present year ending..
June 30th, 135*2  90,000
$640,000
All of which is respectfully submitted.
ELI SUA WHITTLESEY.
Hon. Thomas Corwin, Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. HALE. When 1 asked the Senator from
Virginia [Mr. Hunter] for information, I wanted
to find out, if I could, (but it seems that the letter
of the Comptroller does not give the information
I requiied, and I understand that the chanman of
the Committee on Finance [Mr. Hunter] is not j
able to give it,) what proportion of these '?9(),0()0
was wanted for the darling object of the compro-
mise—for the purpose of carrying out the fugitive
slave law. I understand that this deficiency arises
from the fact that the appropriations of last year
were not sufficient byso much to enforce the fugi-
tive slave law in Massachusetts, and the neutrality
law in Louisiana and New York. How much of
this charge has been caused by the turbulence iri
Louisiana, or the fanaticism in Massachusetts does
not appear; but being two extremes they are
lumped together, and the total amount of what is
required to enforce the neutrality law m Louisiana
and New York, and the fugitive slave law m Mas-
sachusetts and Pennsylvania, is put down without
attempting to distinguish the items. I shall vote
against them both; and before any Senator votes
1 wish that he could read the very satisfactory re-
port on the judicial expenses which has been made
uy the Committee on the Judiciary in the I louse
of Representatives during the present session;
imbodying, as it does, this veiy repoit of the
Comptroller of the Treasury, who is, I believe,
one of the most faithful and vigilant officers we
have ever had in any Department of this Govern-
ment Senators will there see the mode in whicli
the judicial expenses have increased beyond all
precedent.
1 understand, as well as it is possible for me to
understand anything amid this noise and confu-
sion—and 1 do not make that rem.u k in any offen-
sive sense—that the Comptioiler suggests lh.>t if
these bills could be properly audited, and if a lib-
eral allowance of illegal items were stricken out,
$50,000 might he saved, and the amount chargeable
on the administration of the neutrality and fugi-
tive slave law might be reduced to **<90,000. Am I
not right?
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator is in error in
supposing that the Comptroller says these are the i i&io, !?4.723 w.
only two causes of the deficiency. It arises from ;| That is one of a
all the causes to which he has referred in his let- j
ter. He says, however, that the actual amount ;
of the deficit caused by the administration of these ;
laws, would amount to $150,000,as shown by the j
certificates of the judges, but that by a rigid su- ;
pervision of th ; bills, and by the rejection of ille- j
gal items, it might be cut down to $90,000. ;
Mr. HALS. I have but little information on i
this subject; but I will tell the Senate in what way j
this deficit has accrued in part from the adminis- j
tration of the fugitive slave lav/. When the mar- '
shal has had to enforce it at Boston, lie has been !
compelled to employ an extra number of officers— i
a very considerable number—to carry it into execu- j
1832, to $9,000; take it in 1840, and they have ||
got up to £>18,000; in 1845, they are $30,000; and ;!
in 1851, they are $92,000 a year. That shows the i
manner in which these expenses have increased;
and the Comptroller tells you that they have in- >
creased beyond all proper proportion, whether '
compared with the population or the business of
the country.
Mr. HUNTER. I cannot inform the Senator
with precise accuracy as to the amount of defi- ;
ciency arising out of the prosecution of the fugitive
slave law, and the enforcement of the neutrality ■
law. The Comptrollersays that during the present
fiscal year the expenses have been very much in-
creased; and probably they have iiureused to the
amount of thirty or forty thousand dollars by
prosecutions arising out, of the fugitive slave law
in Massachusetts, New York, and Pennsylvania,
and pi oseculions growing out of the neutrality law
m New Yoii: ami Louisiana.
Mr. HALE. That doe.; not account for the
whole defn icncy. Dot 1 made up my mind when
the vote was taken on the amendment relating to
the Nautical Alm.unc, not to attempt again to
correct any abuse upon the Treasury of the United
States, and perhaps it would luue been a wiser
couise to have adhered to that determination. But
if Senators had read fhe report of the Committee
on the Judiciary in the House of Representatives
at tins session, and the very able and searching
letter of Mr. Whittlesey a.5 to the manner in which
this money lias been .spu.it, ami the exp>-u.>es have
nici cosed until they have run upm oiv de[ artment
to 4,02,000, they would bo slow to \ ote any fin th or
sum to ihat fund until they had made a starching
invesi igation, and attempted to cor; ret some of the
abuses which your officers have pointed out.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment, was agi eed to.
Mr. MILLER. J am authorized by the Com-
mittee on finance to ofter the following amend-
ment:
Tn enable the Sect rt.n v nf the Lia-i i"i to ;>,ty u> tin* t let k .
• ( Vt.mj-- ( >!!!<•<■ upon fi ;i thin , ;it r'ie l.i!" ot
ll.ti-* !oi tuN i-es\ ice •, a^coiditi,v to tile office
f to.r.oo.
rmulm «'(! tn t!"
on. hun<iie<I <ln
toll, the 4iiii ol
[ would state that the Secretary of the Interior
recommends this approp; :atioii, and has also fians-
mitted a letter to the committee from theSuperm-
tendent oi' the Census. There clerks have been
employed on extra writing, at night, for which
thev have received no compensation.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEBASTIAN, i have been instructed by
the Committee on Indian Alfairs to oiler the fol-
lowing amendment:
cor expends oi treating with the Mi^i^ippi and St.
IVjci"'*; >S:ou\, ,ia:t r-n the, eUi>c_'U< a.in'Ui oi" i:;im otic to
Kind-! in the Minne-ot.i Tetiiiorj, i>"UiL' :m addition to the
nripiopnation, lor the r.x.ue object, eridc 30th ol Se;>;etrher,
ass of ame ldnsenfs which 1
it to ha\e offered the other day, and is intend-
ed to supnly a deficiency of the Indian service for
rhe present year. It is the amount of outstanding
labilities forfurnishinrprovisior.sto the^e Indians,
and for the extinguishment of tirm* line to lands
in the Minnesota Territory, and, as the amend merit
states, is an addition to the aporopriaiion for the
same object made in September, 1850. That ap-
propriation has been exhausted; and m conse-
quence of the Indians being on the council grounds
longer thou was anticipated, tins amount of ex-
pense has been necessarily incurred in holding
these treaties. The treaty was held under the im-
mediate supervision of the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs, and the estimate comes from the Indian
Department. I have been instructed to offer it,
by the Committee on Indian Affairs.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I am also instructed by the
Committee on Indian Affairs, to offer tbefollowing
amendment, to be insertpd at the end of line two
hundred and fifty-six, page eleven of the bill:
Provided, That after the thirtieth dav of June, 1852, all
payment-* of interest on said awaid shall cea«e ; and that
tin; Secretary of the Interior be. and he is hereby, directed
to pay the paid claimants the amount of piincipni awarded
in each case respectively, and that tiie amount necessary
tor this purpose be, and the same is hereby, appropriated:
Prowledfmther, That the animal payment and satisfac-
tion of «.aid award?, shall be fi;. t ratified and approved as
a final release of ail claims of *nch panics, under the four-
teenth aitiele of said treaty, by the proper national authority
of the Choc taws in snch form as may be prescribed by the
Secretaiy of the Interior.
I should like to have the section of the deficiency
bill, to which the proviso is offered, read,in order-
that its object and effect may be understood.
It was read, as follows:
For intere'tson the amount? awarded Choctaw claim-
ants, under the fourteenth article of the treaty of Dancing
Rabbit Creek, of 97th of September. 1830, for lands on
which they resided, but which it is nnpo^ible to qive them,
! and m lieu of the rip that has b*en awarded under the
! act of 23d of Auscu-t, 1842, not dehverrHe, «*a>t, by the
i third section of '-aid law, pei act ot third Much, 1845, for
| the half year ending the 30th of June, 1853, $31,800.
i Mr. SEBASTIAN. I will offer a word of ex-
! planation, presenting a short history of this claim,
| winch will, perhaps, constitute the best argument
■ in favor of the adoption of this provision. By
i the treaty of September, 1830, the Choctaw In-
! dsans ceded all their territory east of the Missis-
; Rjppi river. By the fourteentharticle of thattreaty,
! provision was made that the heady oi families,
! who might desire to remain east of the Missis-
sippi, and become citizens of the States of Ala-
! bamaand Mississippi, should be permitted to re-
I main.
I At a certain time these reservations were to be
made out and established; hut in consequence of
circumstances, to which it is now unnecessary to
refer, the time elapsed, and owing: to the neglect
of the officers of the Government, and the ob-
structions which wete thrown in the way by the
I white population, these heads of families were
1 prevented from availing themselves of the benefits
1 to whHi they were entitled under this treaty,
i The rights which they held arose out of the
■ treaty, and this state of things continued until
by the act of 1842 Congress authorized in the
: place of the reservations under that treaty that
' scrip to the amount of these reservations should
' be issued to them. It was further provided by
the law of 1842 that one half of the scrip should
! be deliverable cost of the Mississippi river, and
I that the other half should be withheld till the
1 Choctaws finally emigrated west. Tlrs was evi-
1 dentlv intended as a means of compelling their
emulation, and was, of course, a departure from
the original treaty. They accepted this offer of
(opposition for their claims, which Congress
made to them; and after they had emigrated they
called for the other half of the scrip. Congress
asjain mteifered upon the petition of the Choctaw
i council, of the naiion west of the Mississippi,
who asked that the amount might be funded at
j the rafe of'five per cent, interest, instead of being
! deliverable in mass to them. Now, the experience
I of the administration of this particular annuity,
I payable to a particular part of the Choctaw na-
! tion, making a lar^e class of private claimants,
! has been found to be attended with such nus-
' chiefs, and to be so ruinous to the interests of
! these persons, that the Choctaw council has re-
versed' its former determination; and whereas
they have once petitioned that this amount should
be funded, they now ask that the amount should
[ be unfunded asrain, and that the amount winch
I was awarded by the act of 1842 should be paid
• over in mass to the respective claimants. Of the
s policy of this final distribution, the redemption^
! the annuity by the payment of the principal in-
' stead of the interest, I suppose inhere is no Sena-
: tor who will entertain a doubt. These annuities
■ arc already accumulating upon us with fearful
: rapidity. 'In the administration of annuities of
i this class in this way we escape entirely those
! considerations which apply in favor of a general
' annuity system to a nation at lar^e.
The amount payable to each of these claimants
1 becomes a vested right; and on the death of the
