1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2317
I am a Whig to be sure, upon principle, from
the honest convictions of my deliberate judgment.
Unflinching in my exertions to maintain those
cherished principles; ardent in my support and
advocacy of my faith and the men who imperson-
ate it; stiil I am tolerant in my feelings, conced-
ing to those who honestly differ with me, the same
right which I claim for myself. I have insulted
no Democrat for opinion's sake—I never will.
Mr. Speaker, 1 appeal to you and to the House,
and to a refined, enlightened public, to whose ar-
bitrament we must all yield, what necessity there
was for my colleague, in the grave discussion in
this, a nation's forum, or in the advocacy of his
favorite candidate for the Presidency, if he chose
to take the latitude, not only to malign, slander,
and traduce my humble name and fame, and that
of my distinguished colleague in the Senate, but
also the fair fame—and dearly-bought fame—of a
country's greatest living benefactor?
Mr. POLK. The gentleman states that he
cannot'be, and has not been, guilty, under any
circumstances, of offending any one personally or
politically. lalluded,in my remarks, to what my
colleague stated in partat the City Hall, in Wash-
ington, where he charged General Pierce with
cowardice. I said thatthegentleman must stamp
shame upon his own brow when he charges this.
Mr. CULLOM. Exactly. The gentleman
either knows nothing of the facts of which he
speaks, or states them falsely. In my ratification
speech in the City of Washington, of which the
gentleman speaks, I used no such language, nor
made any such charge against General Pierce as
he alleges. I never, upon that, orany other occa-
sion, charged General Pierce with beingacoward;
and the gentleman states falsely when he asserts
that I did. That speech was reported and pub-
lished without my knowledge or consent, or with-
out correction by me; and though it contains inac-
curacies, it as published and delivered refutes the
untruthful charge of my competitor in that speech.
T?pon the point to which the gentleman alludes,
if he had been willing to quote me truthfully, he
would have found this language: "But, gentle-
f men, it is certain General Pierce was unfortu-
' nate. I will not say that he lacked in courage,
* but he was unfortunate on the day of battle—
* some say he fainted. [Sosayslhe official report—
lso says his life.] I will not, however, repeat that,
4 for it may be a slander. I understand that state-
6 ment is entirely a mistake—that General Pierce
'did not faint, but that his horse fainted"—hu-
morously alluding to the strange combination of
untoward circumstances which always kept the
brave General out of battle, or by which either he
or his horse was disabled, at some unpropitious
moment.
Now, Mr. Speaker, not only has shame settled
upon my brow, but the deep blush has lit upon
my cheek; and here, to-day, before this House
and the whole country, in the presence of my col-
league, I say that my Tennessee pride, my Ameri-
can feelings, have been deeply wounded, on ac-
count of the obliquity and grossly ill-behavior of
my colleague, more than once upon this floor.
In my heart of hearts I have commiserated his
misfortune—for the kindness I have always felt
for him—for the reputation of his virtuous con-
stituents, our common State and nation.
The SPEAKER. It will be the duty of the
Chair, as the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Cullom,] is aware, to arrest any personalities.
Mr. CULLOM. I will not knowingly violate
one rule of the House, or of public decorum; for,
as I value my own character, and that of my con-
stituents, I would guard this high legislative fo-
rum from the use oflow vulgarities and Billings-
gate scurrilities. They shall not be perpetrated
by me; but when thus assailed myself, and my
personal and political friend who sits in the other
Chamber, but who has no voice in this Hall; and
when he is assailed who has defended me, my
country, her Constitution and laws, I would be
base to mvself, and my own nature—to my own
darling offspring—to the high obligations of
friendship, and to patriotism itself, if I did not, as
I distinctly do, hurl back these false aspersions
upon the already-devoted head of their author.
This I would do, though the heavens and this old
earth were to come together. Now, my honor-
able colleague, and everv man on this floor, knows
the fact to be—for it has'been a painfully notorious
fact to all who have witnessed the proceedings of
Congress—that he has sought a kind of notoriety
that no decent man would envy; a common meddler
in other men's business, of ringing himself inside,
or edge in almost every debate that has taken place
when he chanced to be present, to cause himself to
figure in the speeches of both Whigs and Demo-
crats, putting what he may imagine shrewd ques-
tions, but which receives the universal reprobation
of all lovers of parliamentary decorum, not to say
common decency.
Now, my honorable colleague, so capable of
being so very amiable at times, has unfortunately
for himself become a sort of Ishmaelite—his hand
against every man, and but for the commiseration
of all good sane men, their hands would all be
lifted against him in self-defense. With all my
compassion and commiseration for the misfortunes
and foibles of my competitor, I am even surprised
at the forbearance he has received. It will soon
cease to be a virtue. But there is a point at which
even my latitudinarian colleague from the Maury
district has got to stop. This point he has reached.
1 will not assail him unwarrantably here, but it is
perhaps my duty to myself, and even my col-
league, to let him know, in the most distinct and
unequivocal manner, that I hold him and all his
braggadocio, bullying, and denunciation, in utter,
supreme, and sovereign contempt. It brings no
terror to me. It does not accelerate a pulse. It
passes as the ravings of a maniac, whose misfor-
tunes I would sooner alleviate than augment. It
produces 'more of shame than fear. His charge
of desertion against me and my distinguished col-
league in the Senate—I suppose, of course, the
allusion is to Governor Jones; of cowardice and
want of patriotism upon the part of General Scott,
in the whole and in the concrete, in mass and in
detail, I pronounce, as when the charge first fell
from the hps of my colleague, that the charges are
a libel, a vile infamous calumny and falsehood. I
have betrayed no interest either North or South,
East or West. I have endeavered to represent
truly and faithfully every interest of my constit-
uents, with what fidelity and zeal I leave for you,
with whom I have served, and my constituents, to
decide, to whom I hope under God's providence
soon to return, before whom, and to whom I am
ready and willing to render a full account of my
stewardship; to them I am accountable,and notto
my colleague. But he strikes an assassin's blow
at my humble reputation. It may wither as a
sprig of grass, butl feel no alarm. I feel perfectly
secure in the consciousness of the entire rectitude
of my course.
But the gentleman comes here as the greater
Magnus Apollo of the Democracy—I hope not
the entire Democracy; for though the gentleman
seems to be prompted by some of them, yet from
the blush of shame which I see resting upon many
Democratic faces, I feel that they do not approve
it; for, however desirous gentlemen may be to de-
feat the election, what honorable man, Whig or
Democrat, here to-day, can approve the means,
foul, 1 must say, which my colleague has resorted
to? Mr.Speaker, can it be possible that Democ-
racy has put forward my colleague as an instru-
ment thus to assail General Scott, and denounce
him here, in language coarse and vulgar, as a
coward, as void of patriotism, void of honor and
love of country?—the man that fought the bat-
tles of the country, a man whom the nation ac-
knowledges as her greatest henefactor now hold-
ing a place amongst the living, who has poured
out his blood that our liberties should be secure,
amongstwhich is the liberty of speech. But what
a sad and lamentable abuse of that high privilege,
for which Scott bled, we have witnessed this day !
I feel no apprehension that the foul, tainted breath
of any man can injure or impair the high appre-
ciation in which the war-worn veteran of so many
sanguinary wars, and of so many brilliant victo-
ries, is justly held by a grateful and patriotic coun-
try; that there is patriotism enough in this free
country to shield and vindicate General Scott
from these calumnies. It will astound the coun-
try when they learn thatthese charges are giavely
put foith in high places by my colleague. Let it
! go to the country; let every mail bear it; let the
lightning bear it to the ends of the earth, that the
man whom Christendom acknowledges as un-
equaled, not only in skill but in valor, for party
sake and party advancement was thus denounced.
Is there no higher argument? Is there no merit
in your principles or in your candjdate which you
would commend? It would be far more.honor-
able to leave a soldier's laurels, dearly earned in
fields of danger and death, through almost a half
century of toil and privation, than thus to rob him
and a nation whose jewel it is. Oh shame! where
is thy blush!
Mr. POLK. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. CULLOM. My colleague must sit down
and keep his choler buttoned; 1 cannot be troubled
with him any more; he must learn to behave like
a gentleman, if possible; he has such a propen-
sity to be upon the floor, speaking and running
around. Let me advise my colleague to get a
little glue and place it carefully on his chair, and
sit himself down on it, and thereby hold himself
to his seat, and try for once to conduct himself
with dignity, if he has to resort to these artificial
means. [Laughter.]
My colleague said much about the Mexican
war, in which Scott and Taylor fought so gal-
lantly. I think it was quite unfortunate and
highly indelicate in the gentleman, sustaining, as
he does, certain relations to the then Administra-
tion. He speaks of Scott and Santa Anna, in
league to betray, and did actually cause the mas-
sacre of a large number of American soldiers.
Now, I propose to discuss that war, the treatment
of the Administration to Generals Scott and Tay-
lor, and how Santa Anna got into Mexico, and
show who gave him his passports.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I rise to a point of
order. I am extremely reluctant to do so.
Mr. CULLOM. As I am speaking by cour-
tesy, as there is obligation, I will give way; re-
turning you, Mr. Speaker, my thanks, and through
you, my colleagues, for thus kindly permitting
me, in this hasty manner, to slate my defense. I
will not trespass longer.
Mr, HOUSTON. I move that the rules of the
House be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
The question was then taken; and it was agreed
to.
So the House resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole, (Mr. Tenable in the chair,) and
again resumed the consideration of the light-house
bill.
The following section was then read by the
Clerk:
" Maine: For alight-house on the Nubble Cape, Neddich,
York, $5,000."
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move to strike
out $5,000. 1 do it for the purpose of making an
explanation, my name having been introduced by
the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Stantom] in
connection with the circulation of li A few Chap-
ters in the Life of General Pierce." The gentle-
man from Kentucky rend a list. I wish to state
that it is true. I did send a very considerable
number of that publication into all parts of the
country. I subscribed to the fund, and I learn,
upon inquiry 
Mr. JOHN W. HOWE. I must make a ques-
tion of order on the gentleman. I understand that
we are acting upon an amendment, and it is out
of order for a member to speak to anything but
the amendment.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I ask to make a statement
as a personal explanation. The gentleman is ex-
ceedingly fastidious.
Mr. JOHN W. HOWE. That same privilege
was denied the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Cullom,] because we were in the Committee of the
Whole, and we went into the [louse to allow it.
If the rule would apply to my friend from Ten-
nessee, [Mr. Cullom,] it must apply to my friend
from Ohio, (Mr. Campbf.lt..]
Mr. CAMPBELL. I ask theunanimous con-
sent of the committee to make my statement.
Mr. JOHN W. HOWE. I insist upon my
point of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is compelled
to rule the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Campbell]
out of order.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I ask to make this ex-
planation, my name being dragged unceremoni-
ously into rhis matter.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I desire to
say that I must object to all this, for the reason
that when impertinent questions and impertinent
topics are introduced into this Iiouso, it is just
as indiscreet and"impertinent to answer them.
[Laughter.] I therefore object.
