1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1458*
head of a. family, it is subdivided, ad infinitum,
until the amounts which are payable to the differ-
ent heirs have dwindled down to sums almost too
insignificant to pay the expense of traveling to
the agency for the purpose of receiving them.
The only question which has been suggested by
any Senator has been as to the competency of
Congress to provide in this mode for the satisfac-
tion of these annuities. It will be seen that this
indemnity for the infractions of the fourteenth ar-
ticle of the treaty of ] 830, is entirely the creature
of the legislation of Congress. It does notarise
under the treaty itself. It is a mode of redress,
giving satisfaction for the violation of the treaty;
and these annuities were not created by the treaty.
If they were perpetual annuities, created by the
terms of the treaty, then it is admitted that we
must have the sanction of a treaty to enable us to
make a good and valid payment of them. The
fourteenth article of the treaty provided that reser-
vations in land should be extended to the Indians.
That they did not get; and the act of 1842 pro-
vided that scrip should be tendered to them; and j
the Indians accepted the proposition voluntarily !
tendered to them by Congress. When it came to ;
the delivery of the half which was payable west l
of the Mississippi, Congress again interfered, and i
by a mere act of legislation funded the amount of |
the land scrip at the rate of $1 25 an acre, and j
made it a perpetual annuity of five per cent., re- j
quiring theinterest to be paid to them perpetually, j
They now ask that the amount shall be paid in !
full, the principal discharged, and the annuities !
stopped; so that the last two acts of Congress j
which have been passed upon this subject pre-!
scribed terms which have been accepted by the \
Indians. They are repealable in their character, ;
and it is just as competent for Congress to repeal j
the act of 1845, which madeita perpetual annuity, |
as it was to change the terms of 1842, which pro- jl
vided satisfaction in place of the fourteenth article ; l
of the treaty of 1830. The whole of this annuity !!
is nothing but a form of satisfaction which the i
Indians have accepted, and it is entirely the crea- I;
ture of legislative sanction. It is as competent !
for the Thirty-second Congress to repeal the act
funding this scrip, as it was for the Congress of !
1842 originally to enact it. ■;
Theamendment which I have offered guaranties j
every kind of security that no further reclamation [
shall be made upon us for the application of this ::
fund, or rather for the erroneous payment of it to !j
improper parties. It requires the receipts and re- 'j
lease of the individual claimants themselves, in |
addition to which, as a matter of precaution, it j[
requires affirmation by an act of national authority j;
on the part of the Choctaws. With this double j;
security, 1 think, it is entirely safe for the Senate
to act in this matter; and, as to the policy of adopt- !
ing this proposition, 1 suppose that no one here j:
for a moment entertains a doubt.
The amendment was agreed to. I
Mr. SEBASTIAN I have one more amend- |j
ment to offer from the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs; but, as I am advised that it will create dis-
cussion, I will merely lay it nn the table, so that
it may be printed and laid on the desks of Sena- j
tors by to-morrow morning. It is to insert the jj
following:
For tlie unliquidated balance found due (he Creek In-
diana, for losses sustained duung the la=t war with Great
Britain, by that portion of the tube that friend)}'and ji
cooperated with the United Stages, in aecoidaneo with the :
proim.se of the Government, and pursuant to a repoit of the j:
Commissioner of Indian Affair-, made to The Committee on ;!
Indian Affairs of the Senat,j, May, 1850, 00. j1
Mr. BORLAND. I abk that the amendment jj
may be printed, so that Senators may have it be- lj
fore them. J1
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Majjgum j|
in the Chair.) It will bejmnted, unless objection ; I
is made to it. ^ j|
No objection was made. jj
Mr. HALE. I move further to amend the bill ! j
by inserting, after the amendment winch was of- ji
fered by the chairman of the Committee on Fi- ;j
nance, and agreed to by the Senate, for supplying jj
the deficiency in the judiciary fund, the iollow- «;
ing: ||
Provided, That no officer m the United States who i* m : i
attendance upon any couit of the United States Miall re- .J
ceive any pay or compensation tor ]tH attendance as a wit- ;.
neiN on behalf of the Government at the same time that he j;
receives compensation as such ortieer. j j
Mr. HUNTER. I am not sure that I under- 1'
stand that amendment. Does the Senator from
New Hampshire mean that an officer residing in
one State shall not receive compensation as a wit-
ness, although he is summoned to give testimony
in another?
Mr. HALE. No, sir; I mean—and I meant to
write the amendment to mean—that an officer shall
not go out and summon in a batch of officers and
pay them a legal per diem during the whole term
of the court, and then let them qualify themselves
as witnesses, and receive pay also as witnesses
during the whole term—that they shall not be re-
ceiving double compensation from the Govern-
ment, as officers and witnesses at the same time,
at the same court. That is all 1 mean, and i be-
lieve that is what the amendment means as it is
written.
Mr. DAWSON, I understand the Senator to
say officers appointed; appointed by whom?
Mr. HALE. By the marshals.
Mr. DAWSON. What officers are appointed
by the marshals?
Mr. ADAMS. Criers are appointed by the
marshals,
Mr. BADGER. It is very obvious that, to
avoid the difficulty suggested by the Senator from
Virginia, it is necessary that the amendment
should be amended so as to make it read that no
officer of the United States, while he is in attend-
ance upon any court in the discharge of his said
office, shall receive compensation as a witness. I
therefore move to insert the words "in the dis-
charge of the duties of his said office," after the
words " any court of the United States," so as to
make the amendment read:
Provided, That no officer of the United States, who is
in attendance upon any court of' the United States in the
mschaige of the duties of his .*<iid office, shall receive any
compensation for ins attendance a-; a witness on behalf of
the Government, at the .same time that he leceives com-
pensation as such officer.
Mr. HALS. I accept that.
Mr. DAWSON. I should like to know if any
officer of the Government has ever charged pay
as a witness?
Mr. HALE. The Senator from Georgia asks
if such things have ever occurred ? I will tell him.
I have a letter—though I have not got it by me—
from the Comptroller of the Treasury, in which
he says such things have occurred, and occurred
very lately, and to a pretty considerable extent.
Mr. DAWSON. Were they paid?
Mr. HALE. Yes, sir; they were paid.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I have an amendment to
offer, upon the subject of paying the laborers upon
the two wings of the Capitol, which is founded
upon an estimate furnished by the Architect, to
the honorable Senator from New Hampshire,
[Mr. Hale.]
Mr. HUNTER. Does an estimate from the
Architect come within the iule? As I understand
it, the rule refers only to estimates from the head
of a Department.
Mr. BRODHEAD. The honorable Senator
from New Hampshire can state whence the esti-
mate came.
Mr. HALE. I have to state, the Senator from
Pennsylvania having appealed to me before—as 1
thought the vote of the Senate was so decisive,
that they had no money to pay workmen—-that I
tore the papers up, and gave up the thing in des-
p nr. I cannot say whether it was an estimate or
not. It was something which the Architect drew
up and put into my hands—a resolution, and then
a statement oi names, and figures to sustain it.
The precise character of that, i do not know; but
I thought the thing was dead.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I ask that the amendment
may be read; I suppose it can be introduced by
unanimous consent, it only provides for thepoor
men who were waiting here all winter for work.
It is an act of justice and chanty.
The amendment was read. It is to insert an
additional section, as follows:
jind be it farther enacted, That the Aieijiiect appointed \
by the Pipfideutof the United States to supeuniewl the |
work on the confirm tion ot th-j addiiM'1? to the Capital be, [
and he is hereby authored to examine the eiann^of tne '
workmen to indemnity to; the Ins* of their time during the j
suspension of the work upon said additions, tor tne want of j
an appropriation ; and that the said Architect allow i > Mich j
of said workmen, ifj^p'CJively, were suspended from ,
labor, durinc the pendencv ot the joint icsohinon making |
s-uch appropriation, w Uh the encouragement that upon Mich [
appropuation being made their lubor would asiam he re-
quned by the Government, and who intermediately had no
opportunity of obtaining employment in the city of Wash-
ington, such reasonable indemnity for loss of wages for,labor
durmg the suspension of the work, as, under the circum-
stances of their respective eases, justice and equity may
require, not exceeding, however, in any case, the average'
rate of the earnings of said workmen in the employment of
the Government tor a like preceding period of time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mi\ Makcwm
temporarily occupying the chair.) In reply to
the Senator from Virginia, the Chair Would Ire-
mark, that the amendment proposes no appropri-
ation in the bill under consideration; therefore,'in
the opinion of the Chair, it is not excluded by the
rule.
Mr. BRODHEAD. It is entirely in order. I
hope the amendment will be agreed to.
Mr. BADGER. The only effect of adopting
the amendment, without making an appropriation
now, will be that the appropriation itself will be
put in some small deficiency bill hereafter, and of
course, will be got through without any difficulty
or delay.
Mr. flALE. This is pursuing the same course
that was adopted in the example set to us by the
Senator from North Carolina the other day, in
voting $3,000 a year to an almanac maker. TJjat
had the vote of the honorable Senator from North
Carolina; so that we are but following his exam-
ple when we support this amendment.
Mr. UNDER WOO D. Mr. President, I am en-
tirely opposed to this movement. We have indi-
vidual claimants all over this wide country of ours,
who are knocking at our doors year after year,
but nobody pays much*attention to them; but
when you get a parcel of workmen here who are
close by you—who can visit you every day, and
talk to you and operate upon you, they become
especial favorites, and, without going through the
ordinary course of petitioning, as other perspns
have to do when they have claims' against the
Government, it is proposed to provide for them in
an appropriation bill. This is justice to all the
citizens of the country !
Mr. BORLAND. Will my friend from Ken-
tucky permit me to say that these men have me-
morialized Congress. I presented a memorial
some time ago from them, stating very strongly and
clearly the justice of the claim which is now made
by them.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Then, Mr. President,
instead of allowing the committee to act upon the
memorial, and to report a bill, if they think it ne-
cessary, we are forestalling it by making an ap-
propriation before the committees have acted.
These, I believe, are the very same gentlemen
whom my friend from Arkansas told us, some time
ago, in one of his speeches, were such a lazy set
of fellows that they did not half do the work on
which they were engaged.
While I am up I wish to put this matter right.
I want to state the facts as they are. When this
subject was up before, I wrote a note to the super-
intendent of the work, asking him if he would be
kind enough to tell me how these persons were
engaged; how they were brought here; and how
they were employed. We were told, when this
matter was under discussion before, that these per-
sons were brought here by an advertisement,
which promised them certain employment, and
held out certain inducements to them. I wanted
to see the advertisement, and therefore I wrote
to the superintendent. He sent me the following
letter in reply:
" In compliance with your request, 1 inclosc a paper
containing the advertisement you speak of. No other ad-
vertisement—no invitation of any kind whatever has been
i^ued ; and the terms of this have been fully complied
with on the p.nt of ihe Government, as ail the men who
e.ime li'-re in puiiim«c<  of it were employed until the last
oi December. Kespectfully.
THOMAS U. WALTER."
Here is the advertisement:
Wanted—At the extension of the United States Capi-
tol, fifty good stone masons, to whom work will be given
to the last of December. Wages 25 per day. Applica-
tion to be made to Samuel Strong, Superintendent.
Washington, September 11, 1851.
Now, here is an advertisement, stating to all
the woi Id, that work was to be given to a certain
number of individuals—stone masons; that they
would be paid $2 25 per day—more than double
ihe price for which we get men of that character
m mv quarter of the country; but I do not object
to tlmt. The advertisement sets forth, also, that
they were to be employed until the last of Decern*
her. The agent charged with the execution of all
this, tells us that every person who made appli-
