1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2319
vey, and can ascertain the proper points at which
to place lights, than one who merely ascertains the
facts from charts. A former report recommended
adistinctplan for marking buoys, but jt was never
carried out. I think it will be seen that all reform
upon the subject, which has been effected, has
been forced into Congress, and has been resisted
in the extreme by those who were ignorant of
what they were doing, and who have listened to
misrepresentation.
Sir, I trust the amendment of the gentleman
from New York may be so far amended as to al-
low the precise expense, and no more, that would
be expended by the Fifth Auditor. As the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Duncan] says,
it only comes out of the contingent expenses for
that department. They will not expend more
than would be expended by the Fifth Auditor
himself; and I can see no reason why it should
not be expended by the Coast Survey. There
will be expended precisely the same amount of
money which the Fifth Auditorhimself would ex-
pend, as I said, and I see no reason why the plan
should not he adopted.
Mr. DUNCAN. If the gentleman's time is not
out, I will say a word. I see no reason for the
passage of this amendment. There is no reason
why the cost of employing a laborer to fix a buoy
should not come out of the light-house fund, for
the same expense would have to be incurred no
matter out of what fund the expense is to be paid.
I think, therefore, that amendment is unnecessary.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment was not agreed to.
Mr. DUNCAN. I move an amendment to come
in in the ninety-ninth line.
Strike out the words "granite light-house," and
insert "light-house of granite, iron, or a combina-
tion of both," so that the section would read as
follows, viz :
"Towards the erection of a light-house of granite, iron, or !
a combination of both, on the outer Minot ledge, at the en-
trance of Boston harbor, upon a plan to be approved by the
Topographical Bureau; a contract for the building thereof
to he made with the lowest responsible bidder who shall
give sufficient security for the faithful performance of the
same, and the work to be executed in strict conformity with
the plan or plans approved by the Topographical Bureau,
under the supervision of such pet son as the Secretary of
the Treasury may designate, $80,000."
I will say a word in explanation of this amend-
ment. This is a very important point for the
erection of a light-house—exceedingly so, to the
navigation of the country. A light-house was
carried away from there, some years ago. The
committee had before them various plans for its
erection. It is a point at which it is very difficult
to construct a light-house which shall insure a re-
sistance against the storms upon the Atlantic
ocean. They had several plans before them for a
structureof granite, and they were inclined to adopt
some of them. However, since the bill has been
reported to the House, they have had a plan sub- I
mitted to them for a combination of granite and
iron, which impressed them favorably, and they
thought it best to leave the Topographical Bureau
at liberty to select any of these plans which they
might think best adapted for permanency and
strength. j
The amendment was agreed to. i
Mr. DUNCAN, under instructions of the Com-
mittee on Commer.e, offered the following amend-
ment:
Insert after line one hundred and seventeen:
For the preservation of the light house and dike-wall at
Goal Isiand, in the harbor of Newport, $3,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. INGERSOLL offered the following amend-
ment:
In line one hundred and twenty strike out" $500," and
insert "$1,500;" so that the clause will read:
" For a light on the Long Wharf, m the harbor of New
Haven, $1,500."
Mr. I. said? Mr. Chairman, the necessity of a
light at that point, indicated by this section of the
bill, is, I believe, admitted by the committee who
had this subject under consideration. It is pro-
Eosed to place it upon the end of what is called j
,ong Wharf, in the New Haven harbor. The j
wharf is, of itself, about three fourths of a mile in i
length, and the point at which it is proposed to .
place the light is a very exposed situation. The
collector of" the port of New Haven was here in
this city when this subject was before the commit-
tee, and I believe he informed the committee that
a suitable light at this point could not be erected
for less than $1,500. I have seen him within a
few days in this city, and he says it is utterly use-
less to put a light there for the amount signified by
the Committee on Commerce in this bill. As I
before remarked, it is in a very exposed situation,
and itappearsto me that$1,500 is barely sufficient
to raise a light there, and to build a shelter for
the person who will have it in charge. I do not
wish to detain the committee upon this subject;
but it seems to me that if anything is to be done
at this point, $500 is too little to accomplish the
object.
Mr. DUNCAN. I will merely state, in the
vindication of the course of the committee in re-
lation to this matter, that the petitions for this
light were submitted to the Fifth Auditor, upon
whose advice and judgment they relied. They
propose to put a mere beacon-light upon the end
of the pier, to guide vessels into the harbor of
New Haven. He recommended, and the com-
mittee inserted, $500. If a further sum is neces-
sary, I have no objection to its being increased.
I only state the facts which influenced the com-
mittee in their action. The Fifth Auditor thought
$500 was a sum sufficient to erect such a light as
was necessary at this point.
Mr. INGERSOLL. The Fifth Auditor knows
nothing about the erection of a light at New Ha-
ven. The collector of that port knows much bet-
ter what is necessary to construct a proper light.
TheCHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Con- j
necticut is not in order. Debate has exhausted i
itself upon the amendment.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER offered the following amend-
ment:
After line two hundred and fifteen insert:
Foi marking Joe Floggar Shoals, in the Delaware Bay,
with fir<t class nun buoys and can-buoys, to be constructed
and placed in their position under the direction of the Su-
perintendent ot the Coast Survey, $:1,000.
Mr. C. said: Mr. Chairman, there is scarcely a
point upon our whole coast, or upon any of our
bays or rivers, that can be said to be more danger-
ous, or that more imperatively demands the atten-
tion of the Government, than Joe Flogger Shoals.
But a year or two ago a foreign vessel, of large
burden, was castaway there,and, 1 think, every i
member of the crew, from captain to cook, were ]
lost. I have now a letter before me, which says
there is a vessel now upon that shoal. It is one
very easily marked, and, if marked, it may be
very easily avoided by any vessel ascending or
descending the bay. It is now so dangerous that
vessels do not think of ascending the bay in the
night, unless it is a very quiet, clear, moonlight
night. I ask, therefore, that this appropriation
may be made, and I appeal to gentlemen of the
Committee on Commerce to assist me in getting
this item added to the appropriation bill. 1 have
several amendments before me which I intended
to offer, but if the committee will pass this 1 will
forbear and take my chance for getting them in,
one at a time, when another appropriation bill
comes up.
Mr. DUNCAN. This is the first time this
subject has been brought to the knowledge of the
Committee on Commerce, and therefore we have
had no evidence, one way or another, about it,
except the statement now made by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Chandler.]
Mr. CHANDLER. I hold in my hand a let-
ter I have just received from the person in com-
mand of a United States steamer. He speaks of
it as one of the most dangerous shoals upon any
coast to navigators, and alludes to the fact that
there is now a brig upon it. I hope it will be the
pleasure of the committee to adopt this amend-
ment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia, offered the follow- I
ing amendment, to come m at the end of the items [
providing for the State of Virginia: |
For two spar-buoys, to be placed to buoy out Occapan- J
nock creek, $160.
Mr. B. said: I desire to state that the papers '
connected with that case were presented before |
the Committee on Commerce too late to be acted ;
on. It is only an appropriation of $160, and is to !
place two spar-buoys at the mouth of Occapan- ;
nock creek. I know personally, irrespective of |
the memorials which have been presented, of the j
necessity there i« for this appropriation. It is at j
a point in which my constituents are Jess inter-
ested than anybody else, because they know the
way to get into this harbor, while coasting vessels
for the Chesapeake Bay, which do not belong
there, find much difficulty. I mentioned this sub-
ject to the member of theCommiuee on Commerce
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Duncan,] and he
agreed with me in the propriety of the amend-
ment. As I said, it is only for $160, and in which
my constituents are less interested than anybody
else. I hope the committee will adopt it.
The question was then .taken on the amend-
ment, and it was agreed to."
Mr. STANLY offered the following amend-
ment:
For two buoy, to be placed at the mouth of Alligator
river, in Albei marie Sound, §200. „
Mr. S. said: I believe the Committee on Com-
merce had presented to them the petition of ship-
owners and sailors in that part of the country,
asking that buoys should be placed there; but
they received them at a late period, and after they
had reported this bill to the House. Some sixty
or seventy vessels are constantly in the habit of
passing in and out of that river, and two buoys
will enable them to find their way in and out with
safety. Two hundred dollars appropriated for
that purpose will be of vast service to that section
of the country, and I hope there will be no objec-
tion to putting that amendment in.
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment, and it was agreed to.
Mr. DUNCAN offered the following amend-
ment, to come in at line two hundred and sixty-
two, at the end of appropriations for North Car-
olina:
For four large buoys to mark the two channels over the
Frying-Pan Shoal, to be constructed and located under the
dnection of the Superintendent of the* 'oast Survey,
For four second cla^ buoy* to mark the Main and Oak
Island channels, leading into the Cape Fear nver, in addi-
tion to the Imovs now authorized, to be constructed and
located under the direction of the Supeuntendent of the
Coast Survey, §1,000.
Mr. DUNCAN. The Coast Survey, in a re-
cent survey on that coast, have discovered a chan-
nel through the Frying-Pan Shoals, and I have
letters from the secretary of the Light-House
Board suggesting the necessity of placing buoys
there.
The question was then taken on the adoption
of the amendment, and it was agreed to.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, offered the fol-
lowing amendment, to come in at the end of the
first clause under the head of appropriations for
"Mississippi:"
To be expended, without delay, under the direction of
the Secretary of the Treasury.
The clause will then read:
For the election of a light house at, or near the entrance
of E<m Pd^cngoula river, instead of a fortnei appropriation,
$5,00ti; to be expended, without delay, under the direction
of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. BROWN said: I will say but one word in
explanation of the amendment. This appropria-
tion has been made every Congress for the last
five or six Congresses, and 1 can never make the
Auditor of the Treasury, who has charge of the
appropriations, understand that Congress is in
earnest about it. Whenever I inquire of him, he
seems to have forgotten about it. I simply want
this amendment inserted, that he may understand
that we want the appropriation expended.
Mr. HOUSTON. Those works, I think, ought
not to be in the appropriation bill, and 1 hope the
gentleman who has charge of it will resist their
insertion.
The question was then taken upon the adoption
of the amendment, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. DUNCAN offered the following amend-
ment, to come in after the last clause of thf appro-
priation under the head of " Mississippi:"
For Lonifiana; For the examination and «nrvev of the
Ship Shoal and Raccoon Point, on the coa-n of Louisiana,
with reference to the location and erection of a light house,
and the procuring a plan foi the vune, $3,000.
The question was taken on the adoption of the
amendment, and it was agreed to.
Mr. MOORE, of Louisiana, offered the foil ow-
ing amendment, to come m at the same place:
For the construction of a lisht-hou^e on said Ship Island
Shoal, or the west end of Last Mand, commonly called
ltaecoon Point, as mav on examination be deemed most
expedient, $30,000.
Mr. MOORE said: I will state the reason why
