2320
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 24.
I offer this amendment. Those shoals are very
dangerous, lying on the outside of the island.
There is no light-house on that coast between the
Southwest Pass and Galveston, that can be seen
by any vessel on the route from the Southwest
Pass to Texas, or to Mexico. "We have two
light-houses upon our coast, but both of them are
situated within bays, a long distance within those
shoals, which are so dangerous. There has been
a memorial sent to Congress by the captains of
steamers, and by a considerable number of the
owners, and by merchants, asking that this light-
house be built. A number of vessels were lost
upon that coast some years ago—one of them a
British ship. Immediately west of that place, a
French ship was lost some years ago. They are
very dangerous shoals, and there ought to be some
provision made either for a light-house on the
west end of Last Island, which is a few miles
north of these shoals, or upon the shoals them-
selves. I am told by a gentleman who is con-
nected with the Coast Survey, that they believe
that alight-house can be erected upon those shoals.
Mr. DUNCAN. I am sorry to rise in opposi-
tion to the motion of the gentleman from Loui-
siana, [Mr. Moore,] but I feel obliged to do it by
the facts of the case. I have no doubt that a light-
house js necessary somewhere in that vicinity.
When petitions in relation to a light-house on
Ship Shoal were referied to the Committee on
Commerce, we referred them to the Fifth Auditor
for such information as he could afford. He had
in his office no chart showing the situation of these
shoals. They are understood to be covered with
water at high tide, and are some miles distant from
the main land. The Fifth Auditor referred the
petitions to the chief engineer of construction of
light-houses for an estimate of cost. And in his
communication, presuming, from the character of
the bottom in that region, that the foundation was
sand, he estimated that it would cost at least
$52,000 to build a light-house on Ship Shoal. The
Auditor objected on another ground: that this
light-house, if erected on Ship Shoal, would be so
distant from land, as to involve the necessity of
keeping a vessel employed to convey wood and
water and provisions for the three keepers neces-
sary to keep that light-house. He suggested
whether a light-house might not be erected on Rac-
coon Point, the nearest land to the shoals, which
would give the needed aid to navigation. "We
sought information of the officers of the Coast Sur-
vey, but they had no accurate charts of the sound-
ings and depth of water, or of the situation of the
shoals, and their distance from the land; but they
stated that parties of the Coast Survey were serv-
ing there—one going down from New Orleans,
and the other coming from Galveston; and that
before the next meeting of Congress, they should
be able to furnish to Congress all the necessary in-
formation upon the subject. The committee, there-
fore, did not feel at liberty, with the limited in-
formation before them, and with the uncertainty
which hung over the matter, to recommend an
appropriation for a light-house, but they preferred
to wait until they should receive the result of the
examination of the Coast Survey. But to insure
the certainty that this point should be properly
attended to, they saw fit to direct me to offer the
amendment which I did, a few moments ago, pro-
viding for a survey. And before the next meeting
of Congress we shall have all the information ne-
cessary to enable us properly to locate the light-
house upon the shoal, or upon Last Island. I did
not believe that by making the appropriation now,
the construction of the light-house would be ac-
celerated at all.
The question was then taken on the adoption of
the amendment, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. MOORE, of Louisiana, offered the follow-
ing amendment, to come in at the same place:
For three =par-buovs, to mark the channel of the haibor
of refuse at Horn Wand Pass, Mississippi, to be placed by
the Coast Survey,
Mr. M. said: I hope the amendment will be
adopted. It is for a harbor of refuge for vessels
coming in, when they do not happen to strike the
pass.
The question was then taken on the adoption of
the amendment, and it was agreed to.
Mr. DUNCAN offered the following amend-
ment, to come in at the end of the appropriations
^Q(ler the head of " Florida:"
For securing the light-house at the mouth of St. John's
river, Florida, $10,000.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD offered the following amend-
ment:
Strike out all between the word tc Pass " and the word
"fifty one," and insert: "or a light-house, as may be deemed
most expedient upon further examination," in the following
clause, under the head of " I'exas:"
" For a light-boat, to be moored at Aransu<? Pass, instead
of a light house proposed by the act of March 3d, 1851, and
for channel-buoys in said channel, and a buoy at Dollar
Point, $15,000."
So that the clause would read:
"Texas: For a light-boat to be moored at Aran&us pass,
or alight house, as may be deemed most expedient upon fur-
ther examination, and for channel-buoys in said channel,
and a buoy at Dollar Point, $15,000."
Mr. H. said: T would state that at the last Con-
gress an appropriation was made for a light-house
at Aransus Pass of $12,500. There has since been
a survey, and the officers of the Coast Survey rec-
ommend that, instead of a light-house, a light-
boat should be moored there; and there is reported
the same appropriation for the light-boat as was
made for the light-house.
I will state that it seems to me that this survey
was not very well conducted. It is so esteemed by
the pilots and the navigators who use that entrance.
All I propose is, that the appropriation shall not
be limited to the construction of a light-boat, but
that the Department shall have power to construct
a light-house, if, upon further examination, they
shall find thata light-house is moreexpedientthan
a light-boat. I learn from the Fifth Auditor, that
a light-house will cost less than a light-boat, and
it costs less to keep it up, for the one is permanent,
and the other is liable to be driven from its place,
and to decay. I hope the discretion will be left
with the Department to build a light-house, if,
upon further examination, they deem it the better
structure of the two. j
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. I wish to in-
quire of the gentleman from Texas, whether the
light placed either upon the light-house or upon
the light-boat will subserve the interests of com-
merce at the same place?
Mr. HOWARD. Precisely at the same place.
Mr. HOUSTON. This seems to propose the
substitution of one structure for another at that
point.
Mr. HOWARD. No, not at all.
Mr. HOUSTON. I understand it to be so.
Mr. HOWA RD. I will state to the gentleman
that this amendment is for a light-house, or for a
light-boat, as the Department shall deem proper.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am speaking of the ori-
ginal paragraph of the bill. This paragraph, as I
understand it, purports to substitute a light-boat
fora light-ship,and appropriates $15,000. A light-
house, as I understand, was authorized by the act
of the 3d of March, 1851, and, as a matter of
course, made this appropriation. 1 would like to
know of the gentleman, [Mr. Duncan,] who has
charge of the bill, what has become of that appro-
priation made on the 3d of March, for building a
light-house at Aransus Pass?
Mr. DUNCAN. The appropriation has not
been expended, and is still liable to be drawn for.
Mr. HOUSTON. That shows that this para-
graph is unnecessary. If the Committee on Com-
merce had proposed to change the character of the
improvement, and instead of a light-boat, to sub-
stitute a light-house, they should have introduced
a provision to make available the money already
appropriated. "Why do they want to appropriate
$15,000 for this house, when there stands now an
appropriation of several thousand dollars, which
is more than enough for it, if it was only made
applicable to that object? it has not gone back to
the surplus fund. These moneys are not carried i
back to the surplus funds, as they ought to be. j
But this money has not been appropriated long j
enough to go back to that fund. It was appro- \
priated in 1851, and is still applicable to this im- j
provement,for whichfthey now propose to appro-
priate this $15,000. I move to strike out the i
$15,01)0, unless my friend [Mr. Duncan] will so I
alter it as to make it applicable to this improve-!
ment. There is no use in making a double appro- j
priation. ]
Mr. DUN"CAN. By the act of 1851, an appro- |
priation was made for the location of a light-house 1
at Aransus Pass. Before proceeding to the loca- L
tion of the light-house, it was thought necessary,
by the Secretary of the.Treasury, to have an ex-
amination. He intrusted that examination to the
proper officers, and they reported that a light-boat
was preferable, and a more suitable aid to naviga-
tion, than a light-house at that point. They also
recommended thata channel buoy should be placed
in the channel at that pass, and also at Dollar
Point. The appropriation was therefore changcd
in conformity with their recommendation, and a
small addition made to the amount appropriated,
in order to enable them to fix those buoys in the
channel, and at Dollar Point.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman does not
seem to understand my point, and perhaps I am
not understood by the committee. The law of
3851 made an appropriation of $12,500 for alight-
house at Aransus Pass. Now, why not make
that $12,500 applicable to the erection of that light-
boat, instead of making another appropriation of
$15,000? By doing that, you would make the
appropriation for Aransus Pass $27,500, and I
presume srentlemen do not want that.
Mr. DUNCAN. I ""
would not be necessary, in the alteration of the
phraseology, to insert the words, " instead of the
appropriation proposed by the act of March 1837?"
Mr. HOWARD. I will adopt that.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not remember where
the amendment of the gentleman fiom Texas
comes in, but I would suggest that the section be
modified, so that it would read as follows:
u For a light boat to be moored at Aran«ns Pass, instead
of a light house proposed by the act of March 3d, 1851, and
for channel buoys m said channel, and a Imov at Dollar
Point, in addition to the appiopriation of March, 185],
$2,500.
Mr. HOWARD. The amendment of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts is the same thing.
Mr. HOUSTON. It is not the same thing.
This appropriation leaves the other outstanding.
It does not go back into the Treasury. The com-
mittee ought to know exactly what it appropri-
ates.
Mr. SEYMOUR. Does the gentleman from
Texas accept the modification that has been pro-
posed—that in addition to the appropriation of
March 3d, 1851, there be appropriated $2,500?
Mr. HOWARD. I have accepted it. Let the
Clerk read the amendment as it now is.
The Clerk read the modified amendment, as fol-
lows:
<£ For a light-boat to be moored at Aransus Pass, or a
light house, as may be most expedient on further examin-
ation, and for channel buoys in said channel, and a buoy at
Dollar Point, jn addition to the sum appropnatedforalight-
iiouse at said point, §2,500."
The question was taken, and the amendment
was adopted.
Mr. EASTMAN. I move at the end of the
first section of the bill, the addition of the follow-
ing:
For a light-house at the harbor of La Pointe, on Lako
Superior, {£5,000.
I will state, for the information of the commit-
tee, that the harbor of La Pointe is the only one
at the west end of Lake Superior. There is no
harbor nearer it than about two bundled miles.
It is very important as a place of refuge for vessels
in a storm. At night, as there is no light-house
there, vessels cannot tell where the harbor lies,
and consequently have to stand off ail night. The
object sought to be accomplished by my amend-
ment is a very important one to the navigation of
that lake.
Mr. DUNCAN. I can only say that the com-
mittee have not sufficient evidence of the necessity
of it to recommend the appropriation.
Mr. EASTMAN. There has been no survey,
f was never called upon to furnish any evidence.
I had the assurance of the chairman of the com-
mittee that it would be put in. I could furnish
testimony of the necessity and importance of it.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was adopted.
Mr. DUNCAN. For the perfection of the
fourth section I move, after the words " March
3d," to insert the words " for the erection of alight-
house on Flynn's Knoll," so that it will read as
follows:
"Sec. 4. JinS be it further enacted, That the sum of
$30,000, appropriated by the act approved Maioli 3d, 1851,
for the erection of a hghf-housc on F!yr.n'< Knoll, be, and
thesame i-* heieby, authorized to beapplied to the erection
of mo-range beacon lights, for Gedney'.- Channel, lo bo
placed near Point Comfort, in the State of New J eraey; and
