1456*
•THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 24.
right to report, carries with it the right to dispose
of the matter reported. What would the gentle-
man-propose to do with the matter reported? The
matter reported must be disposed of, under the
existing rules, as in ordinary cases. About this,
the Chair has no doubt, and iie, therefore, over-
rules the point of order.
Mr. CLARK. With the permission of the
gentleman from Missouri, I will ask him a ques-
tion. Do I understand the gentleman to say, that
the apportionment is to be according to represent-
ation in the House of Representatives?
Mr. HALL. I will reply that the original bill
proposes to apportion these lands among The States
m the compound ratio of geographical area, and
the representation in this House according to the
last census. It provides further that no State shall
be rated at more than 50,000 square miles.
Mr. CLARK. Will that do justice to the new
States ?
Mr. HALL. I think it would; but the Com-
mittee on Public Lands propose an amendment to
the effect, that these lands shall be apportioned*
among the different States, at the rate of 50,000
acres foreach Representative. That is more favor-
able to the old, and not so favorable to the new
States.
Mr. CLARK. It seems to me there is no more
justice in it, than to confine Wisconsin to three
Representatives in all time to come, and Iowa to
two.
Mr. HALL. I think that the original bill does
justice to the new States, that the amendment of
the Committee on Public Lands does not; and
hope, therefore, that the amendment will not be
adopted.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois. This appears
to be a very important bill, and one not very
easily understood. I, for one, desire to have that
bill printed that I may see and read it myself; and
I would suggest to the gentleman to make the mo-
tion that the bill may he printed, so that we all
may have an opportunity of examining it, for, sir,
very important principles are involved in it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I rise to a question
of order, and that is, that one member has no right
to hold the floor and farm it out to whomsoever
he pleases, and to permit them to make speeches
within his hour.
The SPEAKER. The right of the gentleman
from Missouri [Mr. Hall] to receive explanations
and suggestions from members around him, the
Chair once before decided is in order.
Mr. HALL. If there are no more inquiries to
be made 
Mr, MOREHEAD. I wish to know of the
gentleman if this bill has ever been printed?
Mr, HALL. I will state to thegentleman, that
the bill was printed at the last session of Congress,
but has nor been printed at this session.
Mr. MOREHEAD. i wish further to make
an inquiry. It is not my pmpose to embanks
the bill, or impede the wishes of its friends. It
may be that I shall vote for it. I would ask itx
friends to have it laid on the table and printed.
Mr. HALL. If this bill be postponed to a
day certain, and be made the special order, it will
not embarrass it; but to postpone without making
it a special order, it would kill it.
Mr. MOREHEAD. I hope the gentleman will
make the motion to postpone to a day certain.
Mr. HOUSTON. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Missouri [Mr. Hall] a question. This bill
proposes a distribution of the public lands within
the States. I desire the gentleman to inform me
whether there are any provisions which regulate
the selection of lamP For instance, where will
Maryland select her lands?
Mr. HALL. In the Territories of the United
States.
Mr. HOUSTON. Where will Ohio select?
Mr. HALL. There is a provision of this kind:
that if any of the States in which public lands are
situated, do not have lands which, m the ooinion
of the Governor, are worth $1 25 an acre, then
that State may also select her lands in the Terri-
tories. It depends entirely upon the Governor,
where she may select them.
Mr. HOUSTON. That is the point I wish to
get at. The lands are better in some States than
in others. In Alabama, there are no Government
lands worth selecting under this bill.
Mr. BISSELL. With the view of affording
every gentleman a fair opportunity to give this bill
| as full attention as can be desired—as I am satis-
j lied that is the way to secure friends for it—1 move
I that it be made the special order for this day two
j weeks, and from day to day until disposed of.
j The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot make
j that motion unless the gentleman from Missouri
| [Mr. Hall] yield the floor for that purpose.
! Mr. BISSELL. I understood the gentleman to
: have yielded me the floor to make the motion I
! desired, that this bill be made the special order for
j this day two weeks, and from day to day until
{ disposed of, and that in the mean time it be printed
with its amendments.
| Mr. HALL. I hope the gentleman will give
i me his attention. I will have no objection to the
: gentleman making such motion, provided we can
' keep the bill from the Speaker's table. If his
: motion be made, and the bill be not disposed of
I to-day, it will go upon the Speaker's table. I move,
■ with a view of keeping this bill alive, so that the
■ gentleman may make his motion, that the bill be
: committed to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. BISSELL.
before.
Mr. KING, of New York. I rise to a question
of order, that it is not in order to move to make
this bill a special order.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order, if objec-
tion is made.
Mr. KING. I am opposed to making it a spe-
cial order. I will have no objection to any other
disposition which gentlemen may propose to make
of it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the ob-
jection, that it is not in order to submit the motion
j to make this bill a special order.
Mr. BTS3ELL. 1 wish to mquhe of the Speak-
er, whether it will be m order to make a motion to
I postpone the further consideration of tins bill two
weeks ?
The SPEAKER. It is in order.
Mr. HISiSELL. I would inquire, whether it
; will require more than a majority to take up the
bill at that time ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is inclined to the
opinion that it will be competent tor a majority of
I the House to proceed to its consideration when
| that day arrives, unless by some privileged motion
i it be set aside.
1 Mr. BISSELL. Then I make the motion, and
; hope it will be put.
! Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois. I ask if it be
j in order to make amotion to commit this bill to
i the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
i Union ?
i The SPEAKER. It is in order. The Chair
I understood the gentleman from Missouii [Mr.
: Hall] to make a motion to commit.
| Mr. HALL. I did.
! TheSPEAKEIi. Themotion to commit to the
' Committee of the Whole Hou.se on the state of
the ITii'Oii aw! print is pending. Another motion
is submitted, that if be postponed to a d.iy cei tain,
; (this day two week.?,) and that it be pwnied. The
: question is first upon committing it to the Commit-
tee of the Whole.
Mr. CLJNGMAN. I would suggest to the
Chair that a motion to postpone to a day certain
will take precedence and carry with it the motion
to commit.
The SPEAXCEU. The recollection of the Chair
is, that, according to the practice of the House,
tlie motion to commit takes precedence of a mo-
tion to postpone to a day certain.
Mr. CLINGMAjNT. My impression is differ-
ent.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The Chair will
see by referring to the 46fh rule, that " when a
* question is under debate, no motion shall be re-
' ceived but to adjourn, to lie on the table, for the
' previous question, to postpone to a day certain,
4 to commit or amend, to postpone indefinitely;
'which several motions shall have precedence m
< the order in which they are arranged." The
question to postpone has precedence. I hone it
will be voted down.
The SPEAKER. The question will betaken
first upon the motion of the gentleman from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Bissell,] to postpone the bill to this
day two weeks.
Mr. BISSELL. I trust that this motion will
not be voted down, unless gentlemen are going to
defeat the bill.
Mr. STANLY. I hope the motion will pre-
vail.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Bis-
sell's motion, and there were—ayes 80, noes not
counted.
Mr. ORR demanded the yeas and nays; which
were ordered.
The question was then taken, and there were—
yeas 115, nays 49; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aberciombie, Willis Allen, Allison,
Ashe, Barrere, Bell, Bennett, Bibighaus, Bissell, Bowne,
John H. Boyd, Brags, Breckinridge, Brenton, Biigg*,
Brooks, Albert G. Brown, George H. Brown, Buell, Bui-
rows, Bu by, E. Cawington Cabell, Caldwell, Lewis D,
Campbell, Cartter, Chandler, Churehwell, Claik, Cleve-
land, Chngman, Cobb, Curti>, John Or. Davis, Dean, Dis-
ney, Dockery. Duncan, Ewing, Faulkner, Ficklm, F'ltcli,
Florence, Floyd, Fowlei, Henry M. Fuller, Gaylord, Gen-
try, Giddmgs, Gorman, Grey, Hall, Haipei, Hait, Hascall,
Hebard, John W. Howe, Thomas M. Howe, Inger-soll,
John Jolinsnn.Geoiffe G. King, Preston Kwe, Kurtz, Lan-
dry, Letchei, Edward C. Marshall, Humphrey Marshal!,
McCorkle, MtiYair, Mcacham, Miller, Miner, Molonv,
John Moon?, Morehead, Murrav, Newton, Olds, Outlaw,
Samuel W. Paiker, Peas-lee, Penn, Peiiiuinan, Perkins,
Phelps, llantoul, Richardson, Itobie, Robinson, S<ickett,
Schoolcraft, Schoonmaker, Scudder, David L. Seymour,
Onsren S. Seymour, Skelton, Smith, Snow, Stanly, Fred-
eriek P. Stanton, Jr?t. Martin, Stratton, Stiother," Stuait,
Taylor, Thurs-um, Toombs-, Tuck, W.iWi, Ward, Wash-
burn, Watkin«, Welch, Addi-son White, Alexander White,
and William^—115.
NAYS—Messrs*. Averctt, Joseph Cable, Thompson
Campbell, Ca^kie, Cba-tain, Colcoek, Congei, Darnel,
Dtnkee, JOa-tnnn, Freeman, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Grow,
Hamilton, IshamG. Harris, Hendricks, Hibbard, Hillycr,
i. Holladay, Houston. Howard, Ives, Jackson, Jenkins, An-
drew Johnson, Daniel T. Jone^, George W. Jones, J.
Glaney Jone?, Mason, McDonald, McMulhn, McQueen,
Millsffh, Orr, Polk, Powell, Pnee, Bobbins, Eo?x, Ru^se.U,
Seuny, Alex'r II. Stephens, Stone, George W. Thompson,
Wilcox, Wildnek, and Woodward—49.
So the bill was postponed, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. HALL was still entitled to the floor.
Mr. SIBLEY. I wish the gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. Hall] to allow me to propose the
following amendment as an additional section, and
that it be printed with the other amendments:
il ,Qnd he it farther enacted. That in lieu of the land
heieinbefore granted to those States, m which there is no
public domain, there shall be is*ued to s-aid States, under
the direction of the Secretary of the Interior, land senps for
an amount equal to the distributive .share granted to such
Suites respectively, under the provisions or" thN act, to be
disposed oi'for the uses and purposes prescribed hi the fore-
going sections of this act."
Mr. STANLY moved to reconsider the vote
just taken, by which the bill was postponed, and
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table, which
latter motion was agreed to.
On motion by Mr. HALL it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Public Lands be dis-
chaiged tiom the further consideration of the following pe-
titions, and that they do he on the table, viz :
The petitions of citizens ot New York pity, and of Day-
ton, Ohio, in iavor ot a grant ofland to the members of the
Western l\um and Village Association ;
The petition of 4f>0 citizen*, of Wisconsin, pravin* for a
grant ot land to aid iri the con tiuctiou of a railroad from
Chieajjo to Junesville, and hum'-he-1 thereof;
The petition of I'liWin Camp fot aid m completing a lail-
ioad fiom Sackett'-1 IIrubor to ^Ihsbui^h, XmvYo'k ; and
; The p"tition of citizens ot New York, pra\ni<,r !br aid in
the conduction of a railroad fiom Saratoga to Saekotfs
Ilarboi in s-aul State
Mr. HALL, from the Committee on Public
L \nds, to which was referred the petition of Joseph
j M. Wilcox, of the State of Missouri, made a report
J thereon, accompanied by a bill (JNrn. 265) for his
j relief, which bill was read a first and second time
j bv its title, committed to a Committee of the
Whole, made the order of the day for to-morrow,
jj and the bill and report o'rdered to be printed.
|| Mr. HALL, from the same committee, to which
was referred the bill of the House (No. 123) "to
'relinquish to the State of Missouri, on certain
' conditions, the two per cent, of the net proceeds
4 of the sales of public lands sold in said State since
' the 1st day of January, A. D. 1891, and reserved
' by the act of Congress of the 6th day of March,
4 A. D. 18*20;" reported the same with an amend-
ment in the nature of a substitute therefor.
Ordered, That the said bill be committed to the Commit-
tee of the Whole Ilouae on the state of the Union and be
printed.
On motion by Mr. HALL, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Public Lands be dis-
charged from the considei aiion of the petition ot the settlers
on the Meuomonee purchase, m the State of Aikansas,
praying toi an extension of the preemption laws, and the
time of payment under them, and that the same be laid on
the table.
Mr. HALL, from the Committee on Public
