544
order of business, bemg the call of committees for
re'iorts, commencing with the Committee on Fub- I
lie Buildings and Grounds.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, from the Com-
mittee of Public Buildings and Grounds, moved
that said committee he discharged from the further
consideration of the memorial of the President and
Directors of the Navy Yard Bridge Company;
and that the same be referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.  
Mr. VENABLE. I should like to know why
that memorial should be referred to the Judiciary
Committee. That committee is quite willing to do
anything that properly belongs to it, but I do not
know that there is any legal question involved in
this memorial, or any reason why it should be re-
ferred to the Judiciary Committee, rather than to
the Committee of Claims.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
North Carolina submit any motion ?
Mr. YENABLE. No, I will let it pass.
The question was then taken on Mr. Stantox s
motion, and it was agreed to.
Mr. DANIEL, Horn the Committee of Claims,
reported back the bill from the Senate for the relief
of William P. Greene, without amendment, and
with a recommendation f hat it do .pass.
The SPEAKER stated the question to be upon
ordering the bill to a third reading.
Mr. FLORENCE called for the reading of the
bill; and it was read by the Clerk.
Mr. MILLSON. I move to refer that bill to
the Committee of the Whole House.
I make that motion, because 1 think it right
and proper that all bills of this description should
be referred to the committee. It may be that this
is a very meritorious claim, but how do wo know
it? To be sure, we have the assurance of the
Committee of Claims; but if the bill is regularly
referred, and the report printed, that report will be
put in our boxes, and members will come to the
House prepared, not only to receive information
from the committee which reported the bill, but
perhaps to give information, and those who take
an interest in the subject will have an oppoitunity
of examining it.
I dunk the proper and regular course is, that all
bills should be referred either to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union or to the
Committee of the Whole House. This custom of
passing bills as soon as they are reported from the
committee, gives an unjust precedence to claims
which moy have been "presented at a much later
period of the session than some others which were
presented at a very eaily period of the session,
and referred to the Committee of the Whole Mouse,
and which lose their opportunity of consideration
because a case subsequently matured is asked to
be put upon its passage. 1 think the proper rule—
a rule from which the House should ne\er depart,
except I'or some strong reasons—a rule from which,
I think, 1 myself have never departed—is to refer
every bill either to the Committee ot the Whole
on the state of the Union, or, if it is a piivute bill,
to the Committee of the Whole House.
Mr. KING, of Rhode Island. This bill comes,
as I understand it, fiom the Committee of Claims,
with a recommendation that it be put upon its
passage.
Mr. DANIEL. No; that is not the recom-
mendation of the committee.
Mr. KING. I thought that was*the substance
of the gentleman's report.
Mr. DANIEL. The recommendation of the
committee is, that the bill do pass, but not that it
be put upon its passage now.
1 will state to the House, that the facts of the
case are vet y simple, and that the amount is small. I
But I have not asked that the bill be put upon its i
passage now, nor have the committee instructed j
me to ask that any other course shall be pursued
in regard to it than that adopted in regaid to all '
claims. My motion should have been to refer the
bill to the Committee of the Whole House. If, i
however, anybody is disposed to put it upon its
passage, I have no objection to it. The amount !
is only $<350; there is no doubt about the facts, and !
they say at the Treasuiy Department thatit ought i
to be paid to this individual as the measurer of i
salt.
Mr. KING, of Rhode Island. This bill passed
the Senate at the last session, but failed to be acted '
on m tins House for want of time. It has passed j
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 12.
the Senate again at this session, I believe, by
a unanimous vote; ami the simple question is,
whether we will pay this officer for the services
which he performed.
Mr. DANIEL. Upon reflection, I find that the
bill must go to the Committee of the Whole
House. It makes an appropriation.
Mr. KING. Well, I have no objection.
The bill was then referred to the Committee of
the Whole House, made the order of the day tor,
to-morrow, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. DANIEL,from the Committee of Claims,
made an adverse report on the petition of Henry
McLaughlin, of Vermont; which was ordered to
lie on the table aiid be printed.
Air. D. also, from the Committee of Claims,
reported the following bills, wluch were severally
read a first and second time by their titles, ie-
ferred to a Committee of the Whole House, made
the order of the day for to-morrow, and ordered
to be printed, together with the accompanying re-
ports, viz:
A bill for the relief of John B. Rogers, of South
Carolina; and
A bill tor the relief of Joseph Arnow and Peter
Arnow.
Mr. BOWIE, from the Committee of Claims,
reported a bill for the relief of the legal, representa-
tives of Bernard Todd; which was read a firstaiul
second time by its title, referred to a Committee ot
the Whole House, made the order of the-day for
to-morrow, and, with the report accompanying,
ordered to be printed.
Mr. EDGERTON, from the Committee of
Claims, reported a bill for the relief of the legal
lepiesentatives of John II. Pratt, deceased; which
was read a Jirst and second tulle by its title, re-
ferred to a Committee of the Whole House, made
the order of the day for to-morrow, and, with the
report accompanying, ordered to be printed.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of Connecticut, from the Com-
mittee of Claims, reported a bill for the lelief of
Captain George Simpton, of Galveston, Texas;
winch was read a first and second time by its title,
referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
made the order of the day for to-morrow, and, with
the report accompanying, ordered to be printed.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to take up the bill from the
Senate, now upon your table, relative to making
an appropriation for finishing the repairs of tlie
Library. Time is fast passing away, and pro-
posals must be issued for the work.
Mr. KING, of New York. I desire that we
shall go through with the call of committees.
Mr. ORR. I object to the taking up of that
bill. Let us go tlnough with the regular order of
business.
Mr. SACKETT, from the Committee of
Claims, icported back Senate bill for the relief of
Theodore Oilutt, without amendment, and with a
recommendation that it do pass; winch was re-
ferred to a Committee of the Whole House, made
the order of the day for to-morrow, and ordered i
to be pi inted.
Mr. S., also from the same committee, made
an adveise report on the memorial of William
S. Poole and Charles Wellington, owners of the
ship Hylon, asking compensation for losses and
damages sustained m consequence of the action of
certain United States officers; which was ordered
to lie oivthe table, and be printed.
Mr. PORTER, from the Committee of Claims,
reported a bill for the relief of the widow and
orphan children of Colonel William R. McKee,
late of Lexington, Kentucky; which was read a
first and second time by its title, referred to a
Committee of the Whole House, made the Older
of tlie day for to-morrow, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York, from the Com-
mittee on Commerce, reported back without
amendment, and with a recommendation that it do
pass, Senate bill No. 142, being an act for admit-
ting the hermaphrodite brig Sylphide to registry.
Mr. S. moved to leier it to a Committee of the
Whole House.
Mr. KING, of New York. That bill is very
simple in its provisions, and I hope it maybe put
on its passage. It meiely asks the privilege of a
registry for a vessel.
Mr. SEYMOUR. I certainly prefer that it
should be put upon its passage. I will state, that
it.merely recognizes the privilege of registry for
that vessel under the direction ot the Secretary of
the Treasury. I withdraw the motion to refer,
and move that the bill be now put on its passage.
Mr. KING. I ask that the bill may be read.
The bill was read through by tlie Clerk.
The bill was then ordered to a third reading,
and, having been read the third time, it was passed.
Mr. SEYMOUR, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported back without amendment, and*
! with a recommendation that it do pass, Senate bill
i 170, being an act making an appropriation in part
j for the erection of the light-house at Sand Key,
! Florida.
! Mr. S. said: By our rules, that bill should go
I to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
i Union; but there are special reasons why the bill
] should be put upon its passage now, and I ask the
1 unanimous consent of the House for that purpose.
, It makes an appropriation of only $5,000 for the
i purpose of defraying, in part, the expense of un-
' lading a vessel laden with iron, and lying at the
! place where this light-house is being built, and for
: which the Government has no funds. It does not
j go beyond that. The Government will be obliged
i to pay demurrage upon the vessel unless this
| money is supplied. As I remarked, the bill makes
! an appropriation of §5,000 for the purpose indi-
j cated. I ask that the bill may be put upon its
passage.
The bill was read through.
Mr. HUNTER. I move to refer the bill to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Unior^
] Mr. SEYMOUR. As objection is made I will
I withdraw my motion to put the bill upon its pas-
I sage.
! The bill was then referred to the Committee of
, the Whole on the state of the Union.
| Mr. ROBBINS, from the Committee on Com-
: merce, reported a bill for the relief of the trustees
! of the Philadelphia Gas Works; which was read
: a first and second time by its title, referred to a
Committee of the Whole House, made the order
| of the day for to-morrow, and, with the accom-
j panying report, ordered to be printed.
I Mr. R. also, from the same committee, made
an adverse report on the memorial of Charles
! Massey, jr., the representative of Messrs. Eyre&
Massey, asking for the refunding of an excess of
duty erroneously exacted upon certain brown
sug<y; which report was ordered to lie on the
tahre, and to be printed.
GRANT OF LAND TO MISSOURI.
Mr. HALL, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported a bill granting to the State of
Missouri the right of way and a portion of the
public domain, to aid in the construction of cer-
tain railroads therein.
Mr. H. said: 1 hope that this bill will not go to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. I ask that the bill be read.
It was read through by the Clerk, as follows:
A Bill granting to the State ot Mis&ouri the right of way
and a portion of the public domain to aid m the con-
stuiction of certain raihoads therein.
j Be it enacted, That the right of way through the
public lands be, and the same is hereby granted to the State
| of Missouri, for the construction of raihoaiN from the city
1 of St. Joseph to Hannibal, and fiom St. Louis to some point
| on the western line ot said State; and said State shall have
j the ri:?ht, also, to take nccea.-aiy materials of earth, stone,
i timber, etc., for the constinction thereof, fiorn tlie public
lands of the United States adjacent to said railroads: Pro-
tided, Tii.it the right of way shall not exceed one hundred
feet on each *ide of the line of *aid roads, and a copy of
thesuivey of said roads., made under the direction of the
Legislatuie, shall be toi warded to the proper local land offi-
ces ic*pecuvely, and to the General Land Office at Wa*h-
ington city, within ninety days after tlie completion of the
! same.
j Skc. 2. Jlnfl be it further enacted, That there be, and is
, hereby granted to the State of Mwsoun, for the puipu>e of
aiding m making the railroads aforesaid, every alternate
, section ot land designated by even numbers, for six sections
in width on each &ide of said roads; hut in case it shall ap-
pear ttiat tlie United States have, when the lines or routes
\ °t *ai,l loads are definitely fixed by the authority aioresaid
sold any section or any parttheieof granted as afoiesatd,or
, that the light oi preemption has. attached to the ^ame. then
• it shall be lawful for any agent or agents, to bp appointed
j by the Governor of said State, to select, subject to t'ie ao-
I proval oj Hie Secretary of the Inteuor, trom tne lands of the
United States nio-t contiguous to the tier of sections above
, specified, so much land m alternate sections oi prut-* o*'
1 section^, as shall he equal to such lands as the United State*
, have sold, or to which the right oi'preemption has attached
] as aforesaid; which lands (thiw selected in lieu of those
sold, and to which preemptions have attached as aforesaid
f together with the sections and parts of sections designated
