THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS
32d Congress, 1st Session.
FOR THIS SESS.lO.hu
THURSDAY, AUGUST 26, 1852.
New Series....No. 146.
two-range beacon iiiiHts for the Swash channel ofthe harbor
ot Now York, to be placed on Staten Island, near the Elm
Tree beacon, and to be constructed under the direction of
the Topographical Bureau, and according to the recom-
mendation ot the Light House Board and the Superintendent
of the Coast Survey; and for a large iron floating bell-
bcacon, to be mooted off Flvnn's Knoll, under the direc-
tion of Uie ftupeuntcnrient ofthe Coast Survey."
The question was taken, and the amendment
was adopted.
The Clerk having read the following section:
" Sec. 7. A ad be it further enacted. That all such reports
shall, a> speedily as may be. be laid before the Secretary of
the Treasury, and if such as to authorize the work without
further legislation, ho shall forthwith proceed with it, other-
wise such rcpoits -diall be laid before Congress at the next
ensuing ses-ion; but in all crimes where the person desig-
nated by the Secretary ofthe Tieasuiy, under the fifth sec-
tion of thi=s act, docs not icpoit such piebnnnary examina-
tion as expedient, the provisions of this act shall, without
delay, be earned into execution"—
Mr. HOUSTON said: I should like to know of
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Duncan]
the application intended to be made by the seventh
section? it seems to be conferring a very im-
poitant power upon the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. DUNCAN. I will say, m reply to the
gentleman, that the section is identical with the
one passed in the liglit-house bills for the last two
or three years. The object is, I presume, as ap-
propriations may sometimes be made without
sufficient knowledge ofthe subject, that the Secre-
tary of the Treasury being, by law, at the head of
the light-house establishment, if he questions the
propriety of an appropriation, he may, before
proceeding with the work, have the site examined
and surveyed. If it be deemed a proper one, it is
proceeded with; and if it is required, he shall
report to Congress at their next session.
Mr. HOUSTON. It applies to the appropria-
tions generally in the bill.
Mr. DUNCAN. To all the appropriations, I
presume.
Mr. EVANS. I offer the following amend-
ment as an additional section. It is to carry out
the act of March 3, 1851:
And be it further enacted by the Senate and Ilouseof Rep-
resentatives of the United Stnta of America in Congress
assembled, That the Pie*uk>ut bo, and he is hereby, author-
ized and required to appoint, immediately after the passage
of this act, two officers ot the JVavy, of high rank, one
officei ofthe co) pa of Engmeci-s ol the Aimy, one officer of
the eoips of Topographical Engineers ofthe Army, and two
civilians of high scientific attainments, whoso sen vices may
be at the dixpo.-al ofthe Pre.-uient, and an officei of the Navy
and an officer of Engineer* of the Annv, a-; Secietanos, who
shall constitute the Light-House Board ofthe United States,
and shall have power to adopt ^ueh rules and regulations'
for the govci nmcnt of their meeting- a-5 they may judge ex-
pedient ; and the boaid so constitufd shall be attached to
the office ot the Secietaiv of the Treasuiy, and undei Ins
superintendence shall dnchaige all the administrative duties
of said office relating to the eoiir-ti notion, illumination, in-
spection, and superintendence of light-houses, light-vessels,
beaqpns, buoys, sea-maiks, and their appendages,arid em-
bracing the security of foundations of woiks already exist
mg, proeunng illuminating and other apparatus, supplies
and matenals of all kinds for building and for rebuilding
when necessary, and keeping in good repair, the light-
houses, light--vessels, beacons, and buoys of the United
States.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That the Secretary of
the Treasury shall be ex officio President ot the Light-House
Board of the Unjted States; and the said Boaid, at their
lirs-t meeting, shall proceed to ballot for one of their mem- ;
beis as chairman, and the member who shall receive the !
majority of ballots of the whole boaid .-hall be declared by 1
the president to be chairman ofthe Light-House Board, ,
who shall, in the absence of the president of the board, ;
preside over llitir meetings-, and do and perform such acts !
as mav be lequned by the inle.s of the board. 1
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That the Light-House
Board shall meet four time® in each year for the uansaction .
of general and special business, oachmeetmg to commence
on the first Monday m Match, June, September, and De- 1
comber; and that the Secictasy of the Treasury is hereby
authorized to convene the Liiht-IIou-e Board whoncvet, I
m his judgment, the exigencies of the sei vice may require it. |
Sec. 11- And be it fmthzr enacted, That the Secretary j
oftheTieasury be, and he is heteby, requnedtoeau.se such !
clerks as are now employed on huht-house duties in the ,
Treasury Department, to be transieried to the Light-Home ■
Board without any change of salaries, and to provide the ,
necessary accommodations for the seor^jtaiies and clcrks,
for the preservation of trie a.chives, models, diawings.&c.,
&c., and for holding the meetings of the board ; and that j
he cause to be transfened to the proper officeis of the j
Light-IIouse Board, all the archives, books, documents, j
drawings, models, returns, apparatus, &c., &c., belonging I
to the light-house establishment ofthe United States,
Sec. 12. And be it Jurther enacted, That it shall be the
duty of the Light-House Board, immediately after being or-
ganized, to arrange the Atlantic, Gulf, Pacific, and Lake
coasts of the United States, into light-house districts, not
exceeding twelve iu number; and the President is hereby
authorized and required to direct that an officer of the Army
or Navy be assigned to each district, as a light-house in-
spector, subject to and under the orders of the Light-house
Board, who shall receive for such service the same pay
and emoluments that he would be entitled to bylaw for the
any others in our archives. Tn 1846, Mr. Walker,
then Secretary of the Treasury, lent all his power
to bring about the very reform in the light-hoibse
system which I now desite to effect, and was only
prevented from the accomplishment of his purpose
by the Mexican war, as is well known to many
gentlemen within hearing. By the amendment,
not one dollar of appropriation is needed. Addi-
performance of duty in the regular line of his profession, i tibial salary is m-onosed to be enven to no one
and no other, except the legal allowance per mile when l \\ p^pobcu to oe toiven to no ont.
traveling under orders connected with his duties. ' u °,nl Y provides for a proper superintendence of
Sec. 13. And be it further enacted, That the said Light- i
House Board, by and with the consent and approbation of j
the Secretary ot the Treasury, be authorized and requited 1
to cause to be prepared and distributed among the light- i
keepers, inspectors, and others, employed in the light house t
establishment, such rules, regulations, and instructions, as j
shall bo necessary for secunng an efficient, uniform, and !
economical system of administering the light-house t«?tab- i
lishnient of the United Stales, and to secure responsibility
from them; which iules, legulations. and instructions.
when approved, shall be respected and obeyed until altered
and annulled by the same authority.
Sku. 14. And be it further enacted, That it shall be the
duty of the Light-House Board to cause to be piepawl by
the engineer, secretary of the boaid, or by such othcer of
engineers of the Army as may be detailed for that sun-ice,
all plans, diawings, specifications, and estimates of cost ol
all illuminating and other apparatus, and of construction
and repair of towers, buildings, &c., connected with the
light-house establishment, and no bid or contract shall tie
accepted or cntcied into, cxccpt upon the dcci.-ion of the
board at a regular or special meeting, and through their
propeily-authorized officer.
Sec. 15. And be it further enacted, That lieieatter all
matenals for the construction and lepair of light-houses,
light-vessels, beacons, buoys, &e.. &c., shall bo procuied
by public contracts, under such regulations as the boaid
may fiom time to time adopt, subject to the approval of the
Secretary of the Treasury, and all woiks of construction,
renovation, and repair, shall be made by the orders ot the
board, under the immediate superintendence of their engi-
neer, secretary.or of such engineer of the Aimy as may be
detailed for that purpose.
Sec. 16. And be it further enacted, That it shall be the
duty of the Light-House Board to furnish, upon the requi-
sition of the Secretary of the Treasury, all the estimates of
expense which the several branches of the light-house ser-
vice may require, and such other information as may be
required, to be laid before Congress at the commencement
of each session.
Sec. 17. And be it further cnai ted, That all acts, and
parts of act.-, inconsistent with the provisions of this act,
are heieby tepealed, and all acts, and parts of acts, relating
to the light-house establishment of the United States, not
inconsistent with the provisions of this act, and neeessaiy
to enable the Light-Hou«e Boaid, under the superintend-
ence ofthe Secretary ofthe Treasury, to perfoim ail duties
relating to the management, construction, illumination, in-
spection, and superintendence of hsrht houses, hght-ves-
sels, beacons, buoys, sea marks, and their accessories, in-
cluding the procuring and testing of apparatus, supplies,
and materials of all kinds tor illuminating, building, and
rebuilding, when necessary, maintaining and keeping m
good repair the light-houses, light-vessels, beacons, buoys,
and sea-marks ot the United States; and the second and
third sections of the act, making appropriations for light-
houses, light-vessels, buo>s, &c., appioved Match 3d, ltff>l,
are hereby dccbucd to be m full force, and shall have the
same effect as though this act had not parsed: Fronted,
That no additional salary shall be allowed to any civil,mil
itary, or naval officer, who shall be employed on the Liirlit-
House Board, or who may be in any inannei attached to the
light-house seivice of the United States under this act:
And provided further, That it shall not be lawful for anv
our lights, and the remarks of gentlemen to-day
demonstrate the necessity for the provision. The
Committee on Commerce has heretofore acted
without sufficient knowledge as to the proper
location of lights. Congress cannot legislate with-
out this necessary information. My proposition
gives no power to this board to expend money
| without the authority of Congress, and fhen only
under the direction of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury. It does not prescribe any system of lights.
Yesterday I spoke in regard to what ought to be
the system of lights to be up to the requirements
ot the age; but the amendment adopts no plan. I
knew, when I addressed the committee on yester-
day, what lights men of science, practical mathe-
maticians and opticians, on becoming connected
with this establishment, would adopt. I knew
they would adopt lights which would cost little,
and be efficient, instead of inefficient and expen-
sive ones. It was my desire on yesterday to spare
the feelings of those connected with the bureau
here, and who have the control of our light-house
system; but 1 shall be justified tn being less par-
ticular now. Opposition from bureaus comes up
here to every proper act of reform.
I have only connected myself with this measure
out of humane and philanthropic motives, and
with the intention of carrying out the express
design of the laws before me, for the benefit of the
whole commercial and navigating interest of the
country. I want extravagant expenditures re-
duced, the corruption which has so Ions existed
here rooted out, and an end put to that set of con-
tractors m the northern cities who plunder the
Treasury out of hundreds of thousands of dollars.
I want this system placed, as it is m other coun-
tries of the world, under the superintendence of
scientific gentlemen without salaries. For my dis-
interested efforts, 1 have been accused of being
under theiniluenceof certain persons. Those who
make the charge are, unfortunately, destitute of
all mathematical,chemical,and optical knowledge,
as their own public reports evidence. They have
made very unfortunate public mistakes in figures,
such as arithmeticians do not make.
It behooves, then, those anxious for economy
and improvement to adopt this great measure of
proper reform. It still leaves with the Fifth
Auditor the ouditiny; of the accounts ofthe system.
He now audits his own accounts, and T only want
that our system shall be reduced to uniformity in
vj. iw jit i/i/Micii j i<-i tit ci , x uai it snail m/i wv iu n i i i iui an y
member of tne Light-House Board,inspectoi, hglit-keeper, !j that respect. 1 attack no one. 1 have no interest
or other person in any manner connected witl. tl.e l.ghi- t,)e matter. j propose no ,)lun t0 ex(entl gov_
liou*e service, to be engaged, either directly or indirectly
in any contract for labor, matenals, orsupphes for the light-
house service, nor to possess, eithei as principal 01 agent,
any pecuniary interests in any patens, plan, 01 mode of
constiuction, or illumination, 01 hi any at tide of supply for
the light-house service of the United States.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. I rise to a
question of order upon this amendment. We are
upon a general appropriation bill for the service of | nnp m. .wf)
the light-house establishment. The amendment
offered by the gentleman from Maryland is for the
organization of a light-house board going into all
the details. It is foreign to the subject of the
appropriation upon which we are now engaged.
Mr. EVANS. I will merely remark that that
board was appointed by a clause in a similar act
last year. This is to prescribe the duties of that
board.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
question of order. He considers the amendment
germane.
Mr. EVANS. Mr. Chairman, there has been
no subject so long before Congress, and so much
written upon as this one. The documents con
ernmental patronage, but only ask a board of sci-
entific men who aie acquainted with the recjtrre-
ments of the ai;e, sei vmg without pay. Officers
of the Navy can be sent to inspect our light?? with
half the money now paid to collectors of your
poi ts. You \K\y the collectors tu o and a half per
cent, for that service, but they do not visit more
s, and there are hundreds that
■ are not v'sited at all. They never thoroughly m-
i spect the lights—whether they illuminate the whole
1 or only part of the horizon, whether the oil be of
proper quality, and a thousand and one other things
j that should be strictly attended to for the proper
i superintendence of that <?reot interest, which has
for the last twenty years attracted the attention of
j the world. Every maiifime cmnHty has adopted
! the system as recommended in my proposition.
! It should be adopted here. This b^ht-honse re-
port has been pruned for the last six months, and
' there is no excuse for tiny gentleman not having
! read it. Documents treating of the S3me subject
i have been before us for the lost ten years. Mr.
' Secretary Walker's report—a model of inteOi-
nected with it are more voluminous than almost u gence—has been before us for the last six years.
146
