1458*
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 24,
necessary to the business of the country. Let us
act upon them, and act promptly. And, sir, 1
desire to submit a motion that the committee rise,
in order that we may limit debute, unless, indeed,
the committee, by unanimous consent, will adopt
the suggestion which I make. I do this not for
the purpose of dictating to any gentleman, or to
the committee, but for the purpose of ascertain-
ing the sense of the House. If the House will
agree to this, I then propose to go to the business
that has been reported from the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union in regard to the
Territories. We can take up that business in
tbe House, and probably dispose of it all to-day;
at any rate we can do it to-day and to-morrow.
Mr. HOUSTON. With the permission of the
gentleman I will say this m reply to his sugges-
tion, that if the committee will allow the Chair to
report both these bills—Nos. 44 and 45—to the
House, I am perfectly willing, as far as I mn con-
cerned, to take up the territorial bills. The same
explanation applies to both of these bills; and the
estimates are here,-with the written explanations
of the Department.
Mr. STUART. I should be very glad to adopt
any plan that would bring about the object I have
in view. As I said before, 1 merely wish the at-
tention of the committee, that they may decide
this question;and I will abideas cheerfully as any
gentleman by whatever seems to be the sense of
the committee. I wish gentlemen to determine
now whether they will take this course in refer-
ence to these two small and comparatively unim-
portant bills, and let us take up the territorial
business that has been reported to the House, in
the House, and dispose of it, so that it mny go
early to the Senate, and meet with final action
there. For the purpose of effecting that object, I
move that the committee do now rise.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. The gentleman
from Michigan says that these are very small bills.
One of them appropt iates in the neighb<nhnod of
f2,000,000, and I wish to make a speech upon it.
hope, therefore, that the gentleman will allow
me to make tiie motion to rise.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the gentleman from Vir-
ginia wants to make a speech—if he is gong to
discuss the bill—it is better that the discussion
should go on this evening. I hope the gentlemnn
from Virginia is not to be the first gentleman to
lead olF m promiscuous debate on these appropri-
ation bills. I do not think it usual. I appeal to
the gentleman to let the ireneral debate lie post-
poned*, and the first dny ( <• tn do ^o—to-morrow,
if the House will allow me—I will brin;  up the
general appropriation bills. They ore ready, and
have been for months, to be discussed; and if the
gentleman wants general discussion, [ do not, in-
tend to endeavor to restrict it on those bills; but
do M us report these small bills.
Mr. HAYLY. I will deal with the gentleman,
and with the committee, with perfei t fi .inkne«s.
I do wish to make a speech on other subjects than
this bill, and I prefer to make it on this bill rather
than upon others, to which I may feel it my duty
to xpenk. The House knows that a member can
speak but once to a bill. Now, I may have to
speak to the other appropriation bills themselves;
and as I fancy that, on these pension bills there
will be but htHe debate, and as I have not troubled
the House with a speech on politics generally
this session, or even at the last Congress,"! should
be sr\;d to have an opportunity of beincr heard.
[Loud cues of "Agreed!*5 "Agreed!,J]
Mr. HOUSTON. The motion of the gentleman
from Michigan is thnt the committee do now rise,
with a view to limit the debate. If the gentleman
from Virginia forces me to it, I must insist upon
the question being taken.
Mr. BAYLY. I will state to tbe gentleman
that i look the door, supposing that we were going
to the business on the Speaker's table. T have not
got the papers and documents that I wish to use,
and I move that the committee do now rise, that
we mnv go to the business on the Speaker's table,
so that J mnv hove a chance to be heard to-mon-ov/,
The PH_A iTJYIAN. That moiiou lias aueady
been made by the gentleman from Michigan. Has
the oentlemon from Michigan withdrawn that mo-
tion ?
_ Mr. STUART, i have not withdrawn the mo-
tion. I made it from a desire to take the sense of
the House upon this question, whether they will
occupy this week in talking about something that
is of no earthly consequence, or proceed with the
territorial business.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order. :
The question was then taken on Mr. Stuart's
motion, and on a division there were—ayes 44, I
noes 37.
TheCHATRMAN. Thereisnoquorum voting.
Mr. ROBB1NS. I ask for tellers.
Tellers were ordered.
Mr. ORR. ltdoesnotrequireaquorumtorise.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from South
Carolina is correct. It does not require a quorum
to rise.
Mr. RQRCINS. Then I withdraw the demand
for tellers.
The CHAIRMAN. The motion that the com-
mittee do now rise is decided in the affirmative.
The committeeaccordingly rose,and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the chairman (Mr.
Skymour, of Connecticut) reported that the Com-
| mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union had
• had under consideration the state of the Union
. generally, and particularly House bill No. 44, and
, had come to no resolution thereon.
1 Mr. STUART. I offer the usual resolution to
| close the debate upon bill No. 44, now pending
: befoie the Committee of the Whole on the state
1 of the Union, in five minutes after the committee
| shall resume the consideration of the same.
! Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I move to amend
J that resolution by striking out "five minutes,"
j and inserting Ci two hours5' in lieu thereof."
] Mr. HOUSTON. Why, the gentleman from
| Michigan still has the floor, and may intend to i
I move the previous question on his resolution. The
'gentleman from Virginia cannot set the floor. |
i Mr. TOLf\. I cull the gentleman from Ala-
i bama to older. He has no right to the iioor then.
; [Laughter. 1
i Mr. STUART. I ask for the previous ques-
tion.
i The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Rayly] moves t<j amend the resolu-
' tion by striking out " five minutes," and msert-
i ing " two hours."
1 Mr. STUART. The gentleman from Virginia
! has not had the lioor.
| Mr. BAYJA*. Yes, ] have had the floor,
i The 8PEA KER, (Mr. Joniis of Teime'see oc-
1 copying the chair temporarily.) The gentleman
i from Michigan offered hid lesolution. The geo-
; tleman f.om Virginia rose nnd was recognized 'ov
, the Chair, and the gentleman from Michigan did
i not then contest the right of the gentleman from
' Virginia to the floor. The gentleman from Mich-
j igan could not huve said anything upon the mo-
tion which ho made, except to have moved rlie
i previous question, and that he did nor, do.
| Mr. STUA RT. It is no unusual thing for some
' one uUe to v.et, the floor whilst 1 am upon it.
i Mr, CLL\GMAN. I move to lay the resolu-
! tion unon (he t ?b!o.
Mr. HOUSTON. Upon that motion I call for
the vcas and nays.
I! The question was put v))>m ordering the yea:*
; and nnys, and there were 17 voting in the afflnn-
i ative.
i Mr. CL' NGMAN. I insist that there are not
1 enough. I
| Mr. OLDS. That is not one fifth ofa quorum. ■
j The negative side being then counted, there were 1
j 52 noes. i
I The SPEAKER. The yeas and nnys are not
; Mi\ CLINQMAN. I ask the gentleman to ]
if modify his resolution, so as to allow a few hours' I
i debate.
1 Mr. BAYLY. There :s such a motion now ;
pending. j
Mr. STUART. The gentleman from Vuginia
has moved nn amendment to allow two home. ,
! Mr. CL1XGMAN. That js not long enough. ,
i The SPEAKER. On a division there were not
; one fifth of those present voting in favor of the
> yeas and nays; and, consequently, they were not
ordered.
| Mr. ORR. Oh, yes, they were ordered. The
' vote wa^—ayes 17, noes 5:2.
1 Several Voices. " No, no," and " They were
■ not ordered.*'
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from South :
I Carolina is right. One fifth of those present did 1
j vote for the > eas and nays, and the roll will, there-
I fore, be called. ^
Mr. CLINGMAN. I use to a point of order,
j It has been decided again and again that on a mo-
} tion to adjourn you may have the yeas and nays
; with less than a quorum, but that you cannot take
j the question cn doing business of a legislative
j character with less than a quorum. Every one
I knows that there is a quorum in the Ho#se, and
j that if the question had been taken by tellers that
i fact would have been shown. But'I insist that
; you cannot proceed to take this vote by yeas and
( nays upon the showing of the count just now.
i The SPEAKER.- The pre? ent occupant of the
i chair isof opinion that this is a constitutional right,
and that when one fifth of those present order the
; yeas and noys, they have a right to have them
I entered on the Journal.
Mr. STANLY. Does not this same Constitu-
, tion provide how many members shall be neces-
! sary to transact business?
! Th§ SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that if,
, upoi^the call of the roll, there should not be a
| quorum voting, it would be no decision of the
i question. The Chair thinks further, tlint taking
: the question by a division—calling the ayes first,
I and then the noes, or by tellers, is as much the
| doing of business as is the taking of yeas and
1 nays.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I dislike to have the rules
and practice of the House changed by these new
lights, and I therefore appeal from the decision of
the Ch.ur.
Mr. DEAN. I move to lay the appeal upon
; tlie table.
, The SPEAKER. A motion was made to lay
j the resolution to close debate upon the table. Upon
' that question the yeas ami nays weie called, and
, on a division there were 17 in favor of taking' the
yeas and nays, and 52 against it. Seventeen
! bems; one fifth of those present, or voting, the
Chair decides that it was a sufficient number, un-
' der the Oonsfitniion, to order the yeas and nays.
From that decision the gentleman from North
Carolina [Mr. Ci.kgsi\x] takes an appeal, and the
I gentleman from New York [Mr. Dean] moves to
lay the appeal upon the table. The question now
is 011 the motion to Jay the appeal upon the table.
^ Mr STEPHENS, of Georgia. This is an im-
' portant question of pai liauieiUary law. T believe
the decision of the Chair is perfectly rii'/hi, and I
ask for the yeas and nays on laying the appeal
1 upon the table.
i Mr. DEAN. I ask that the provision of the
Constitution which regulates this matter, may be
: read.
i The SPEAKER. It will be read, if there be
no objection.
, AFr. kSTUART. I object,
j Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I move that
j the House do now adjourn, and upon that motion
j I demand the yeas and nays.
| The House refused the ycap and nays.
i The question was then taken upon the motion
1 to adjourn, and upon a division theie were—ayes
; noes not counted.
! Wo the House refused to adjourn.
1 _ Mr. STUART. 1 demand tellers upon order-
ing the yeas and nays, upon the motion to lay the
, appeal upon the table.
^TeHers were ordered, and Messrs. Fuller, of
1 Mrnne, and Goodrich were appointed.
j The House was then again counted, upon or-
' dermg the yeas and nays, and the tellers reported
; —ayes S.'J, noes 06.
I J
So, more than one fifth having voted m the af-
firmative. the yens and nays were ordered.
. Mr. LAYLY, of Virginia. I rise to a question
■ of Oidei-,
The SPEAKER. One question of order is still
pending.
Mr. BAYLY. "Well, my point is in reference
to that question.
^The SPEAKER,. The gentleman from Vir-
ginin, nevertheless, cannot make one question upon
another.
Mr. JjAYLY. I want to call the attention of
the Chair to his own decision, which, in my judg-
ment, is a correct one. The House certainly ha\e
the power to order the yeas and* nays, with less
thnn a quotum. But I submit that less than a
quorum cannot decide the question of order.
The SPEAKER. There has been no voting
upon the question to show that there was not a
quorum present. The Chair, therefore, overrules
