546
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 12,
the state of the Union, it will be the last of it—
that it will never be reached agajn this session •
Mr JONES. No, sir. I say, for the informa-
tion of thegentleman—though thatisunnecessary,
b~e£ause he is apprised of the fact—that the rules
of thia House require the Committee of the Whole
upon the state of the Union to take up the Calen-
dar in its order, with the exception, perhaps, of
appropriation bills; and you must call the first bill
upon it, and to lay it aside a motion must be made,
and sustaine<Tby a vote of a majority of the com-
mittee. But there will be important bills—not
appropriation bills—reported to this House before
the termination of this session, which will go to
the Committee of the Whole upon the state of the
Union; sM, in order to get at them, this House,
or the Committee of the Whole, will be compelled
to pats to the consideration of this bill in order
to reach them.
Mr. HALL. Do not the special orders take
precedence of these bills?
Mr. JONES, The special order overrules ail
other business, because it is a suspension of all
your rules which prescribe the order of business.
But let the gentleman and the House oppose the
making of special orders); and, in my opinion, un-
less there be some good, sufficient, and urgent
reason why special orders should be made, we
should not make them, but rather let the ordinary
business of the House take its course according to
the rules prescribed for the government of this
House.
That bill, I believe, has been printed; but I sup-
pose there are but few members of the House, ex-
cept those upon the Committee on Public Lwids,
and those particularly interested in getting these
lands appropriated for their roads, who have ex-
amined it or know its provisions.
ft is impossible thnl members, sitting in iheir
places in this Hou^e, '■ ;ui understand, by the mere
reading of a bill by the Clerk at vmtr desk, the
provisions contained in it, pspeefally sin'lj im-
portant ones us are found in this. I think the
gentleman himself, upon reflection, will withdraw
his request to pass the bill, and ask the House to
refer it to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, and Unit it be primed. In that cese
we shall all have an opportunity to examine it,
and determine for or nguinst it, upon its merits.
Mr. PHELPS. It was mv intention to have
proposed an amendment to the amendment sub-
mitted by my colleague, but 1 suppose, in the
present sttige of the question. I am precluded from
doing so, 1 will inquire of the Chair if ail amend-
ment I'.iui now be offered?
The SPEAKER.. iVn amendment is in order,
if pertinent.
Mr. .TONES, of Tennessee. I will withdraw
the motion for reference until the gentleman ran
submit his mufiuiiueniN, ami llien will renew my
motion.
Mr. I'lfKLl'iS. I then submit the following
amendment, to come in at the end of that pro-
posed by my colleague:
"For the support of common schools in said
State.-'
Mr. JONES. I renew my motion to commit the
bill and amendment, and that tliey be printed.
Mr. Pl-IELPS. I hope tht^Jll winch is now
before the Houhc may not be^Wmmitreil. 1 nm
convinced in my own mind that if it is referred to
the Committee of the Whole upon the state of the
Union, owing to the press of biiMtiess and the
urgent necessity for the consideration of important
appropriation bills that will hereafter come up, it
will never be reached. It may become necessary
at some time then to discharge (lie committee
from its consideration, mid it will then be brought i
before the House for action. There is no dispo- j
aition on the phrt of those who advocate the pus- I
sage of this measure, or others of a similar de- I
scription, to stifle inquiry, or discussion. At the '
commencement of this session, when a discussion j
took place upon the reference of the President's
message, my colleague took occasion to develop
his views inremtion to bills of this character, and
the reasons why they should be adopted. I wjs
in the hopes then that those who oppostnl these
measures would have debated the public land sys-
tem generally, and that we should then have had
presented to us the various propositions which
were intended to be submitted, in relation to the
disposal of the public domain and the peculiar
views of gentlemen. In this I was disappointed
t say that a referenc^of thftmeasure to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, I
consider equivalent to its defeat. Cannot we dis-
cuss this bill as well iri the House as in the Com-
mittee of the Whole? In the committee mem-
bers are not confined to thedisoussion of the ques-
tion pending, and I think, therefore, in point of
economy, so far'as time is concerned, that it is
best the measure - should be discussed in th'e
House.
But the gentleman from Tennessee assails the
proposition, and wishes to know how' we can ad-
vocate the disposal of the public land in the way
proposed in this bill, when opposed to the appro-
priation of money for the construction ot works of
internal improvement by the Federal Government.
By the granting .of lands to the character of works
indicated in this bill, the value of the Government
land contiguous is enhanced and its sale rapidly
accelerated. Not only are individuals benefited
by such grants, but the States also. The State in
this case aids in the construction of works which
improve the value of the land belonging to the
United States. The Government of the United
Slates is the proprietor of a large portion ot public
land through which this road passes.
Mr. FULLER. If that is the giound upon
which the gentleman bases this claim, why is it
this bill provides that in case there is no public
land of the Government within the range of six
miles on each side of the road, other distant lands
may be selected?
A recognizance was' made of the road leading
I frofti St. Louis to the western line of the State.
Some two or three different roads were surveyed.
After having gone westward some hundred miles
or upwards through a section of country where
the land was some ten miles from timber, the
Government lands on each side were all taken
up in consequence of that survey. The expecta-
tions of those purchasing the lands, was, Chat the
road would be constructed upon the line of that
survey. I hold in my hand a statement of the
receiver of public moneys of the Clayton land dis-
trict, in my Congressional district. It is the dis-
trict through which this survey was made. The
total receipts of that land office for the year 1849,
for cash sales, were §36.270. In 1850 the sales
amounted to $59,425; and for three quarters of the
j year 1851, the sales amounted to £101,000. These
I increased sales are to be entirely attributed to the
l fact, that it was expected the road would pas-;
| through that district. Itis true that there wasa great
| sale of public lands to emigrants who came to that
I State to settle there. The number of emigrants to
\ that State is about, the same each year, and hence
! you cannot account for the accelerated sale of these
; lands except by the fact that the persons purchns-
| ing these lands believed that they would be greatly
1 enhanced in value by the construction of thaL
road, and that the road was to be constructed upon
< the survey thus made. I say, then, if gentlemen
I will take upon themselves the trouble to make a
i calculation of the present value of lands, consider-
Mr. PHELPS. I will answer the inquiry of j! ing that we have public lands which have been in
the gentleman. It provides that if the sections 1] market tor twenty-live or thirty years unsold m a
donated to the State have been sold, that the agents | certain district of country, they will find that the
of the State shall have the right to select other !j Government wdl be the gamer by giving-away one
lands in lieu of them within fifteen miles on each jl half for the purpose oi selling the other halt in
side of the road. What are the oth*r provisions \
in that bill? They are, that upon these railroads !
shall be tiunsported the mails at prices to be de- j
termined upon by Congress. The whole question !
of compensation is left to the discretion of Con- j
gross. It also provides that the munitions of war |
shall be transported upon these roads free of cost. ■
The amount that the Government would be com-
pelled to pay for the transportation of munitions of;; agreed to.
war and of troops over these roads, otherwise, an- j.
nnally would greatly exceed the interest upon the
proceeds of the lands which itis proposed to grant [j
to the State of Missouri, were they sold. How |i
is it that supplies to New Mexico and (Itah are ::
forwarded? They are now carried entirely through ;
Missouri. The expense for the Transportation of \\
property of the United States upon that river dur- j'
ing the* Mexican war were enormous. I think |j
there were some steamboats laden with munitions ;j
of war belonging to the Government of the United ji
States which became a total loss. The amount of |!
Government properly lost was estimated at some- >
thing like $200,000. ji
I again say, that there is ample remuneration to j'
the Government of the United States, for the !'
privilege given to the State of Missouri for these- ;;
lection of other lands within fifteen miles of the ji
road, should those along- the line of the road have 1
been disposed of.
one, or two, or three years. It is a question which
every man may calculate for himself, and 
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, (interposing.J
i ask the Chair if the morning hour has not ex-
pired.
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. STANTON moved to proceed to the busi-
ness upon the Speaker's table; which motion was
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The Speaker laid before the House the follow-
ing* messages heretofore received from the Presi-
dent of the United States, viz:
To the lloui,e of Representatives of the United States:
1 transmit herewith a copy of the annual report of the Di-
rector ot* the Mint at Philadelphia, showing the operation
of the JVi int imd its brandies for the year 1851.
MILLARD FILLMORE. *
Washington, February 10,1852.
On motion, the said message and accompany-
ing documents were ordered to lie on the table,
and be printed.
To the Senate and House of
jlepre>eiit</tiLCS cf the United States:
} transmit heievnth a report from the Secretary of the
Interior, containing:a lepoit from Thomas U. Walter, Archi-
tect for tne erection ot the Capitol.
MILLARD FILLMORE- m
Washington, Febniury]0, 18.12.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, moved that the
message be referred to the Committee on the Pub-
1 trust that the inquiiiesof my friend from lie Buildings and Grounds.
Maine are now answered. It is upon these prin- ] Mr. HOUSTON. This communication is upon
' the subject of expenditures upon the Capitol. ft
should therefore properly go to the Committee of
Ways and Means, who have ehurge of ihc subject
already. I make that motion. *
eiples that we justify it. I will proceed now to
remark, that as the Government of the United
States i* tlie proprietor of the greater part of the
public land through which these roads will pass,
and iliMt as the construction of these roads will
enhemee I he value of those hnds, and accelerate
their sale, that it is the duty of the General Gov-
ernment to make the donation of lands proposed.
I recollect well the time when it was proposed in
this House, to graduate and to reduce the price
of the public lands. Instead of diminishing the !
revenue, which would be derived by the Govern- ,
uient from the sale of these lands, it was on the ;
contrary increased. We had a remarkable exam- I
pie of thai in the ca^o of the Indian reservation
within the limits of the State of Mississippi. Cer-:
t.un lands wete reserved rhere for the Indians, no '
better than the other lands belonging to the Gov- ;
eminent of the United States, the price of which :
was graduated and reduced after being offered for
a certain length of time in the market. They were ;
in the course of some five or six years ail sold,
realizing to the Government an average amount of
$1 25 per acre.
of these roadsw
the line of that'road.
Mr. STANTON. The gentleman from Ala-
bama is mistaken. The communication belongs
properly to the Committee on the Public Buildings
and Grounds.
The question, was taken first on the motion tu
refer to the Committee on the Public Buildings
and Grounds, and agreed to.
THE STEAMER PROMETHEUS.
To the Senate and House of
Representatives of the United States:
I transmit lo Congress a copy of the instructions dis-
patched Jrom the Deparment of State to the Minister of the
United States at London respecting the attack on the Umled
States steamer "Prometheus," m the harbor of San Juan
delNicaragua. by the British brig of war "Express," andaho
a copy ot the dispatches of Mr. Lawrence to that Depart-
ment. and of hi- coneapondence with Tier Britannic Maie*
ty's Principal Secretary of State toi Foreign Affairs on the
same subject. MILLARD FILLMOKK,.
Washington, February 10, 1852.
On motion of Mr. ilousTON*, it was ordered,
i then say, that the construction [[ ihat the message and accompanying documents
'ill accelerate the sale of lands upon ^ be referred to the Committee or Foreign Affair*
1 and be printed.
