1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2323
is a great waste of oil and a want of care of the
public property.
It further appears from the same report, that the
fighting apparatus is badly constructed and has
frequently to be renewed at great expense. The
report states, "that the floating lights of the Uni-
ted States are comparatively useless, for want of
efficient lamps and parabolic reflectors." The
report also shows that many of these light-houses
and light-ships are so improperly located and con-
structed, that they mislead instead of guiding the
mariner. It shows that our system of beaconage
and buoyage is inefficent, and not legally nor
properly managed.
The imperfect state of our light-house system
attracted the attention of Mr. Walker, while Sec-
retary of the Treasury, and he sent an agent to
Europe, to examine into the lights of other coun-
tries; and the result was, that he recommended,
in a report to Congress, the adoption of the French,
or lenticular system, instead of the reflectors now
in use. The "Light-House Board, in their late re-
port, say:
" That if all our present lights were fitted with iens ap-
paratus of equal power to the reflectors now m use, the
annual expense for supplies of oil and cleaning materials
would cost little more than one fourth as much as is now
expended for these articles of supply annually : that is, that
the supplies now costing upwards of £152,000, would not
exceed $38,000 to $49,000, making an annual saving of
$110,000 to $115,000. That m addition to the greater sil-
perionty in bnllinncy, power, and economy of the lenses,
compared to the reflectors, they possess the l'i eat advantage
of durability, to the extent of never requiring to be re-
newed."
Not only is the lenticular system the cheapest,
but it furnishes far the most brilliant light, which
can be seen at the greatest distance. I find that
the advantage of the new system is thus summed
up on page 602 of the report:
" That if we take into account the first cost of construc-
tion, and the expense of their maintenance, we shall timi,
in respect to the effect produced, the new system (dioptric)
is still irom one and a half to twice as advantageous as the
old.'*
Our present system is far behind that of England
and Prance, both in science and economy.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. My friend from
Alabama [Mr. Harris] asked me to throw some
Sight upon the subject. [Laughter.] I will not
do it, as it might be reflecting upon the commit-
tee, if he will excuse me. I spoke upon this point
a short time ago; and I say here, frankly, that I
am not prepared to take issue with the gentleman
from Texas, [Mr. Howard,] nor with other gen-
tlemen who have spoken upon the same side of
the question. Not at all. The point I make is
this: that this amendment proposes a radical
change in the light-house system,and wehavenot
sufficiently considered it. 1 have turned my at-
tention somewhat to this matter, and I am free to
say that I am not prepared to vote for a radical
change in our system of light-houses, until the
matter has been investigated more fully than it
has been. I am not one of those members of the
House, I hope, who come in here and object to
every improvement proposed, upon the ground
that I have not had time to look at it. I am one
of those who are of the opinion that a radical
change in a system of long standing ought not to
be made, without a pretty thorough investigation
of its necessity and propriety.
Now, sir, if I know anything about Congress,
I do know that the session preceding the presi-
dential election is precisely, of all others, that ses-
sion when questions of practical utility are least
attended to; and I am, therefore,at this session of
Congress, opposed to this House making any rad-
ical change in respect to our light-house system,
which is so much connected with the whole of our
navigation, without a thorough investigation of
that subject.
Well, they tell us that the report of this Light-
House Board has been communicated to us; but
when?
Mr. MOORE, of Pennsylvania. Five or six
months ago.
Mr. EVANS. The substance of it has been
here for ten years.
Mr. BAYLY. I know when it was communi-
cated; but when was it put into the hands of any
of us ? . .
Mr. EVANS. I have had it m my possession
for several months.
Mr. BAYLY. I know I had one of the earliest
copies, and that it was placed in my hands a long
time before it was communicated to the House.
I had one of the proof-sheets.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. With the per-
mission of the gentleman from Virginia, I wish to
say that this matter, which was properly before
the Committee on Commerce, was not laid before
us in its present shape, printed, until the middle
of June.
Mr. BAYLY. Yes, that was about the time.
Mr. EVANS. I wish merely to state to the
gentleman, that the same matter was here in 1846,
and in every one of Mr. Walker's reports, and
although not in this shape, all the drawings and
letters were here in February; the report was not.
Mr. BAYLY. Well, it is not a very enviable
thing for a man to have to confess his ignorance,
but I do say that this report has come in at such
a late period of the session that I have not had
time to master it, and I believe that 1 have as
much diligence as most lazy men. [Laughter.] I
have not mastered it, and I say that I stand by
the chairman of the Committee on Commerce 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HOWARD. If there be no objection, I
will now withdraw my amendment.
There being no objection, the amendment was
withdrawn.
Mr. CARTTER. I move that the committee
do now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose, and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the chairman reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union had, according to order, had under con-
sideration the state of the Union generally, and
particularly House bill No. 312, " making appro-
priations for light-houses, light-boats, buoys, &c.,
and providing for the erection and establishment
of the same, and for other purposes," and had
corne to no resolution thereon.
Mr. STRATTON obtained the floor.
SPECIAL COMMITTEE.
Mr. HOWARD. I rise to a question of privi-
lege. I was on yesterday or to-day appointed a
member of the committee raised to investigate
certain charges against the Secretary of the Treas-
ury. I ask to be excused from serving on that
committee. My engagements are such as to make
it impossible for me to attend it.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Before that
question is put, 1 would beg the privilege of say-
ing to the House that I am appointed on that com-
mittee, also. I wish merely to say, that at this
late period of the session, and with the mass of
business of a public and private character press-
ing upon me, it is physically impossible for me to
undertake the discharge of the duties of that com-
mittee, and I must therefore ask to be excused.
Mr. HOUSTON. Is thata question which can
take the floor from the gentleman from New Jer-
sey, [Mr. Strvtton?] I do not so understand it.
The SPEAKER. It may become a question of
privilege, provided the gentleman from Texas is
already on two committees.
Mr. RICHARDSON. It may become neces-
sary that this committee should sit during the re-
cess, and I hope that the gentleman from Texas
will not be excused, if the House will give the
committee that power. Until that fact is ascer-
tained, I hope the gentleman will withdraw his
request to be excused. If the business is to be
done during the session, I shall vote to excuse the
gentleman; but if it is to be done during the recess,
I shall insist on his serving.
The question was then taken on excusing Mr.
Howard from serving on the committee, and it
was decided in the negative.
JOHN MOORE WHITE.
Mr. STRATTON. I am anxious to leave
Washington to-morrow morning; but there is a
bill from the Senate upon the Speaker's table for
the relief of an old gentleman, in my district, now
in his eighty-third year, whose claim has been be-
fore Congress for four or flve years, and I am very
desirous that the House shall pass it before I
leave. I therefore ask the unanimous consent of
the House that it may be taken up. It is Senate
bill No. 318, " for the relief of John Moore
White."
[Cries of " Agreed !"]
Mr. MEADE. There have been cases of hard-
ship pending here for thirty years, to my certain
knowledge.
The SPEAKER. Is there any objection to the
proposition of the gentleman from New Jersey?
Mr. MILLSON. I feel constrained to object.
Mr. STRATTON. Then I move that the rules
be suspended, for the purpose of taking up that
bill.
Mr. STRATTON. I desire, in a single remark,
to state to the Ho.use what the character of the
bill is. It is for the relief of the son of a revolu-
tionary officer 
[Loud cries of " Order!"]
The SPEAKER. Discussion is not in order.
Mr. STRATTON. I ask the indulgence of the
House to make a single remark.
Mr. LETCHER. I object.
Mr. STRATTON. I hope the House will per-
mit me to make a brief statement of this case. I
have not occupied five minutes of the time of this
House this session 
[Cries of " I object!"]
Mr. CABLE, of Ohio. I ask for tellers on the
motion to suspend the rules.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Chandler,
and Jones of Pennsylvania, were appointed.
The question was then put; and the tellers re-
ported—aves 58, noes 14; no quorum voting.
Mr. HfiNN. I move to reconsider the vote
taken on yesterday, by which the House refused
to refer the steamboat bill to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The motion will be entered.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. 1 ask for a recount
on the motion of the gentleman from New York.
I think there is a quorum present.
The SPEAKER. If there is no objection, a
recount will be had.
Mr. DUNHAM. I object.
Mr. SACKETT. I have been trying for sev-
eral days to get the floor upon some bill with a
view of addressing the House upon a subject on
which I desire to publish my views. The session
is so far advanced, and the probability that I may
be able to get the floor is so small, that I desire
the leave of the House to publish my speech.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I rise to a question of
order. Is the gentleman from New York in order?
The House is dividing.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. MEADE. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to make a sugges-
tion to the gentleman from New York.
The SPEAKER. Remarks are not in order
while the motion to adjourn if pending.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I was upon the floor,
making a point of order, plow, then, could the
motion to adjourn be made?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia, however, was recognized by the Chair.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I rose when the gentle-
man from New York was on the floor, and made
a point of order on him, that he was not in order
in proceeding with remarks whilst the House was
dividing.
The SPEAKER. The Chair responded to that,
that it was not in order for the gentleman from
New York to make a speech.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I object to any gentle-
man publishing a speech that has not been deliv-
ered in the House. I want to hear what they have
to say.
The SPEAKER. Objection is made to the re-
marks of the gentleman from New York.
Mr. AVERETT. I would respectfully inquire
of the Chair, whether there is a quorum present?
The SPEAKER. There is not, and a motion
is made by the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Meade] that the House do now adjourn.
WIDOW OF THE LATE COLONEL MeKEE.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I ask the gentleman
from Virginia to withdraw that motion for one
moment, as a personal favor to myself. I have a
small favor to ask of the House, and now is a good
time to do if. The House can grant an act of jus-
tice in two minutes, before they adjourn.
Mr. AVERETT. I must insist 
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I hope the quorum
question will not be raised.
The SPEAKER. Nothing in the way of busi-
ness can be done, except by the unanimous con-
sent of the House, a quorum being present, until
the motion of the gentleman from New Jersey
[Mr. Stratton] is disposed of.
