548
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb 12,
Government defended the case by the ablest coun-
sel that could be'obtained—Governor Marcy, and
a verdict was obtained against Mitchell. A. copy
of. the record was then carried to St. Louis, and
there again the United States District Attorney
defended' the ease, but judgment was recovered
against Mitchell a second time, and the whole of
his property is under execution. So that it will
amount to the entire confiscation of the property
of a deserving man for simply obeying his superior
officer If any gentleman will take the trouble to
examine the report of the Senate, or the papers in
the case, they will find that this meritorious gen-
tleman, Colonel Mitchell, Was, by the command
of Colonel Doniphan, placed in a position in
which he must either be broken for disobeying
his superior officer, or crushed and sacrificed for
obeying his orders.
Mr. BISSELL. What the gentleman from
North Carolina has stated in regard to the facts
of this case is strictly true. I chanced to be in
New York myself during the progress of the trial,
and I know that the suit was contested inch by
inch, and that judgment was obtained against
Mitchell in spite of the most able and energetic
defence
Mr. PHELPS. In addition to the statement
made by the gentleman from North Carolina, 1
will say, that whilst the suit brought by Harmo-
ny against Mitchell was pending in the city of
New York, under the direction of the District At-
torney of the United States, who was engaged in
the defence of Mitchell, commissioners were sent i
to Missouri for the purpose of obtaining the depo-
sitions of witnesses who were in Doniphan's regi-
ment at the time of the alleged impressment of the
property. Every opportunity was afforded to
enable a proper defence of the suit to be made, ami
after judgment was rendered in the United States
court in the c.ity of New York against Mitchell,
the advice of the present. Attorney General of the
United Stotes (Mr. Crittenden) was taken upon
the question, whether it wns advisable to lake
(he ease to the Supreme Court of the United States
or not,> and i am informed, that on an examina-
tion of the matter, the Attorney General gave itas
his opinion that it was useless to prosecute the
rase further.
Mr. BISSELL. I hare very little to add to
what has already been stated,and I shall be very
brief.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Georgia, (interrupting.) 1
desire to know whether any bill of exceptions was
taken during the progress of the trial, either to the
ntlmission or rejection of testimony or to thcrulin 
of the court below ?
Mr. BISSELL. 1 cannot inform the gentle-
man whether any bill of exceptions was taken or
not.
Mr. PHELPS. If not, it was the fault of the
District. Attorney.
Mr. BISSELL. If not, it was the fault of tile
very ablest of counsel. I presume that if there
was any propriety in taking such a bill of excep-
tions, it was done.
But, sir, I was going on to say, that if there has
been any bill before us on which we ought to take
prompt action, it seems to me this is one. There i
never was a more honest man, more despmn<* I
officer than Colonel Mitchell,1MR his fidelity to
his country alone has placed hiin in a position
woere he is m imminent hazard of being utterly
ruined pecuniarily. The passage of this bill can
alone save him. That is all I have to say.
Mr. SWKGTSIiU nexit obtained the door
yielded to ' "" j
Mr. RICHARDSON, who said: I desire to
H'iy, that in the remarks which I made a few mo- '
riu-nts ago, I intended to express no hostility to i
"us bi.l. "he claim of Harmony was not a good '
'"'C against this Government. That is perfectly
•'ear. 1 he claim, except for some $1,900, the ;
Mr. BISSELL. ftisk my colleague, ifUit was
sot proved that the goods were so damaged as to
be nearly or quite worthless?
Mr. RICHARDSON. 1 ,think not. He re-
ceived them from Mitchell under protest, not be-
cause they were damaged, but because he was not
permitted to take them where he desired to go.
I wish to add, in connection with this matter,
that under all the circumstances, I think. Mitchell
ought to be indemnified. Judgment has been ob-
tained against him for the discharge of his duty
as an officer of the United States, and the Govern-
ment cannot do otherwise than indemnify him.
Mr. COBB. Will the gentleman from Ohio
aij^v me to propound a question to him ? I am
djBrous to vote for this bill, if I can get a little
difficulty removed out of my way.
Mr, SWEETSER. Mr. Speaker, I do not rise
for the purpose of opposing this bill, so far as the
gallant Colonel Mitchell is concerned; on the con-
trary, I am in favor of affording him the most
prompt and ample relief.
[Here a number of gentlemen rising for the pur-
pose of making remarks, and asking questions,
Mr. Swbetsek said that he would yield to his
friends in due time; but they must permit him first
to call the attention of the House and the country
to the alarming principles involved in the assump-
tion of facts upon which this bill is predicated.]
It is assumed that Colonel Mitchell, a lieuten-
ant-colonel in the army of the United States in the
war with Mexico, was ordered by Col. Doniphan,
his superior officer, to take possession of certain
merchandise, the property of a trader, in order to
Si prevent the same from falling into the hands of
11 the Mexicans ; that he obeyed the order of said
j1 Doniphan, and took the possession of the property,
; amounting to about seventeen thousand dollars,
which property was abandoned by the owner, and
destroyed, or lost, by the army, and that the owner
u' bus prosecuted Colonel Mitchell, m the circuit
j j court of the United States for the district of New
;j York; that said A'litchell gave the Government at
II Washington notice of the prosefction, and that
Governor Marcy, late Secretary of War, was em-
ployed, and conducted the defence on the part of
Colonel Mitchell, and that the case was pertina-
ciously litigated, under the direction of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury; that a judgment has been
lecovei ed against Colonel Mitchell for the enor-
mous sum of ninety-seven thousand dollars, or there-
abouts, a transcript of which judgment has been
taken to Missouri, and a judgment there rendered
upon the record; that execution has been issued
and levied upon Colonel Mitchell's property,
which is about to be sacrificed, in discharge of
said judgment, &c., as aforesaid rendered; that the
rebel sought by this bill is absolutely necessary in
order to save Colonel Mitchell's property from sale j
and sacrifice; that the necessity for the passage of I
this bill is so urgent that all the usual forms of
legislation should be dispensed with; and that the
I House, by unanimous consent, should now put
this hill upon its passage; and that all remedy by
appeal or writ of error is lost to Coionei Mitchell.
J 'lflt he must be sacrificed for an act which was
done in the line of his duty, in strict conformity
with toe order given by his superior officer, in a
time of wav, in an enemy's country.
This bill involves a grave and important ques-
rut ■ ifl nnnct invi ll, o*       _ .i ^
«M«e of mules taken by the-Governm.
in tiie wagon trains, is not a g.
reason the goods tiiat he alleges were tak
. - ,  —per-
! nuked to expiess my surprise and alarm at the
principles it involves. Sir, I call upon the le<*al
talent of this House to scrutinize this matter and
speak out upon the principles involved. '
Has this Administration been guilty of SUch
neglect, a want of proper care and attention to
the interests of its officers in a time of war as to
permit a subordinate niheer to be sacrificed in the
manner indicated? If it has, I charge the Admin-
Jvernmcnt and put lstration with a neglect of its duty to the G-overn-
.1° „C'am!', ''tms meiU,' lo tbe i jurcd citizen> and as unfit to man-
■'!' h"! Pnf«ssion by Colonef Mitchell 'were
.*>:ored to him wh— - • • - 'were
T , -    — ^ man-
age the afuiirs of the country m accordance with
*'wMe o°™veXdckiE '' k"0Wn f"d r1'-Se,t!ed ^ which are
™ed the oWners\rof them fortr; ^ If? ^ *e Govern-
determined that the army should leave thereThe
tiespas-j by assuming the ownershm if tv,. <-00ds
and disposing of a pSrlionTfTe^ °f
I call upon the legal gentlemen upon this floor
to sustain me m demanding for an officer in the
aimy, m a time of war, who executes and obeys
the orders of a superior, the same immunity which
attaches to a judicial officer in the honest discharge
of duty, within the scope of his jurisdiction. I
assert and'maintain, that in the case admitted be-'
forelbe House, no judicial tribunal on the face of
the earth, of any character, could have mistaken
the well-settled law on the subject ®f military and
judicial immunity-. There is- no principle so im-
portant and vital to the well-being of a country as
the sustaining of all officers, either military or judi-
cial, in the discharge of high and important mili-
tary and judicial duty,
Mr. Speaker, I confess I feel alarmed when I
reflect, that at this time, we have presented to an
American Congress a case like tht one now be-
fore us. It strikes at the very foundation of all
government, and, if permitted, will subject men
m the honest discharge of public duty, to pains
and penalties which, in their consequences, will
render all such functions hazardous in the extreme.
It cannot be that this case has ever been fairly
presented and litigated as it should have been, con-
sidering such important considerations.
Sir, I cannot believe that the highly-respectable
tribunal referred to, have adjudicated such grave
questions, and determined the law as seems to be
admitted on this floor. This Administration be-
ing charged with the defence of this case, are re-
sponsible to the country for any and all violations
of duty or principle in relation thereto. I call
upon them to vindicate themselves to the country,
and to vindicate theprinciple of military and judi-
cial immunity. I call upon them to answer to the
country, for permitting Colonel Mitchell to be ha-
rassed by a lawsuit, for an act which was done in
the discharge of duty,and in obedience to the com-
mand of a superior officer.
Why has this matter rested for so long a time,
until a bill is predicated upon a recovery of a
judgment for $97,000, in a case where but about
$17,00t) of property was lost ? Why has this Ad-
ministration suffered the dignity of the Govern-
ment, the majesty of the law, to be thus prostrated
and outraged in the person of a gallant officer,
who sustained the flag of his country in time of*
war? I demand, why all this, with some of the first
legal men of the country at the head of that Ad-
ministration ?
Sir, the blunders of the Administration were
sufficiently apparent in theunfortunate Cuhmproc-
lamation; in the prosecution of the Christiana mur-
derers for high treason. I will not suffer this oppor-
tunity to pass without calling the attention of the
House and the country to these matters.
I again invoke the attention and aid of the legal
gentlemen of this House to the consideration °of
these momentous questions, and roustbe permitted
to say, that since I have been honored with a seat
on this floor, I have not witnessed with so mucli
surprise and alarm any question that has come be-
fore the House for its action.
Sir, let us pause and consider well what we are-
doing, before we sanction the doctrines imbodied
in this bill; at least, let us raise our voices anc?
call the attention of the country to the facts and
principles involved, before we sanction even a bill m
for the relief of Colonel Mitchell, to be regarded
as an acquiescence in the action of the Govern.
I went.
I It has been said by the honorable gentleman
from Kentucky, [Mr. Marshall,] that Colonel
j Mitchell has no remedy other than the passage of
I this bill.
! The gentleman is mistaken; there is not a re-
I spec table judge in Christendom who would not
i order a stay of execution in the case admitted,
if an appeal had been perfected or a writ of error
allowed. I do not know how this matter has been
j litigated if the facts are as stated. A plea in bar
| would have raised the legal defence, or if the
; judge ruled erroneously on "the trial, a bill of ex-
j ceptions would have laid the foundation for ade-
quate relief And, sir, I repeat, there is not a
respectable judge in Christendom that would not
have ordered a stay of execution upon the judg-
ment m Missouri, until the appeal or writ of'error
had been disposed of.
The gentleman is mistaken. I cannot believe
tfiat this case is one that should be summarily dis-
posed Oi. Let us have a full hearing, and place
i esnonsioiiity where it properly belongs.
Above all, let us vindicate the principles of law
winch are essential to the maintenance of Govern'
belonV-nd plaC6JUSt resP°«sibility where it justly
Sir, I shall shrink from no responsibility in
placing upon the heads of delinquents proper cen-
