4460
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 25,
Mr. SHIELDS presented a memorial.of the
Lieutenants of the Corps of Engineers, Topograph-
ical Engineers and Ordnance, asking promotion
more nearly approximating to that of the line of
the Army; which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
PETITIONS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. I3EARCE, it was
Ordered,'That the petition of Ilichani B. Carmiehael,
administrator of Alphonso J. A. Blake, deceased, on the
files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. BRODHEAD, from the Committee on
Claims, to which -was referred the documents re-
lating to the claim of Richard Fitzpatrick, sub-
mitted a report, accompanied by a bill for his relief;
which was read and passed to the second reading.
The report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. DOWNS, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, to which was referred the petition
of John Boyd, submitted a report, accompanied by
& bill for his relief; which was read and passed to
the second reading. The report was oideied to
be prmted.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the petition of Aaron Livingston and
Randall D. Livingston, submitted a report, ac-
companied by a bill for their relief; which was
read and passed to the second reading. The report
was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the bill for the relief of Leonard Dyson,
as assignee of Edward McLaughlin or his'legal
representatives, reported back the same without
amendment, accompanied by a report, which was
ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the bill to provide for the issuing of pat-
ents for a certain class of confirmed puvate land
claims in Louisiana, reported back the snine with-
out amendment.
On motion by Mr. DOWNS, the bill was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole; and no
amendment being offered, it was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading. 11 was subsequently
read a third time, and passed.
Mr. DAWSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to which was referred a joint resolu-
tion authorizing the closing of the accounts of cer-
tain officers of the Army, reported the same with-
out amendment.
On motion by Mr. DAWSON, it w.is consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole; and no
amendment being offered, it, was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading:. It was subsequently
read n third lime and passed.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Piint-
ing, to which was referred the motion to prmtlive
thousand additional copies of tin: report of the
Postmaster General, in relation in the postal oper-
ations of the United States, reported m favor of
printing 3,500 copies of the same, together with
the annual report of the Postmaster General, and
the documents accompanying it—live hundred to
be for the use of the postmaster General; which
was agreed to.
Mr. SOULE, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to which was referred the memorial of Jo-
seph Mitchell, asked to be discharged from the
further consideration thereof, and that it be re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. FOOT, from the Committee on Pensions,
to which was referred the bill from the House of
Representatives for the relief of Isaac Cobb, re-
ported back the same without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the bill from the House of Repre-
sentatives for the relief of William Du-elley, sub- '
mitted an adverse report thereon; which was or-
dered to be printed. !
He also, from the same committee, to which
was refei red the petition of Azet Spauldin.?, pray-
ing compensation for services as pension ,.sent, !
asked to be discharged from the further consider-
ation thereof, on the ground that the committee
have under consideration a general act with *
view to make provision for all pension sgentr;
which was agreed to.
Mr. ADAMS, from the Committee on Claims, j
to which was referred the petition of Richard b! i
Lee, submitted a report, accompanied by a bill for '
his relief; which was read and passed to the second
reading-. The report was ordered to be printed.
RAILROAD IN LOUISIANA.
Mr. DOWNS, agreeably to previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill grant-
ing the right of way and making a grant of land
to the State of Louisiana, for the construction of a
railroad from opposite New Orleans to Opelousas,
thence to the Sabine river; which wSs read a first
and second time by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
THE NAUTICAL ALMANAC.
Mr. HALE submitted the following resolution
for consideration:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be instructed
to inform the Senate, where and at what Observatoiy the
observations and calculations for the '• Nautical Almanac"
are made ?
Why the same aie not made at the National Observatory
at Washington ?
What expenses are necessary therefor, cxcept the pay of
the Superintendent?
What progress has been made towards making a Nauti-
cal Almanac ?
For how tonga period of time the calculations of the first
almanac are expected to extend?
Whether it is necessary to the perfection of the " Nauti-
cal Almanac" to make observations at more than one Ob-
servatory, ami if so, are they made at two Observatories,
and if so, at what two ?
Whether any persons except the Superintendent, have
been paid for services in preparing the iYatitical Alma-
nac," and if so, how many, and what compensation have
they received ?
When it is expected that a Nautical Almanac will be
prepared tor publication?
What improvement, if any, is it expected the American
"Nautical Almanac," when published, will have over the
English ?
Id it expected that any errors of former astronomers or
obsoivers are to bp coriected, or any new meaus ^usjjrested
bv vyhirJi more precision is to be given to astionoimcrd
science i
After the Hr^t Americant: Nautionl Almana^' is pub-
hshed, will till-* succeeding numbers probablv cost as much,
or more than the first?
Will the same time be neces-ary for the second and sub-
sequent number? respectively, as for the first ?
ST. CLAIR FLATS.
Mr. WALKER submitted the following-reso-
lution; which was agreed to:
Rejoiced ^ That the Secretary of War report to tin* Senate
the best plan, in his opinion, fur the nnpioveincrit ot' the
St. Clair Plats, in Lake St Clair, nnd State of Michigan;
together v\ ith an estimate for the execution of such plan.
OBSTRUCTIONS IN THE TENNESSEE RIVER.
Mr. BELL submitted the following resolution;
I which was agreed to:
! i Retired, That the S/Vretary of War oommunicato to the
,j Senate the estimate of the cost of impioving the navigation
;; of the Tennessee nver, heretotoie made by Colonel Long,
j| of the Corps of Topographical Engineer, and any luitlior,
] or additional estimates, which may he suggested hy recent
| examination* of the obstiuctions to the navigation ot that
[ nvei.
| DEPARTMENTAL PRINTING, BINDING, ETC.
j The Senate proceeded to consider the resolu-
tion hubnntted hy Mr. Borlavu, April 26th, in
| relation to printing, binding, nnd advertising exe-
1 cured hy order of the seveiai Departments, which
; was agreed to, as follows:
;j Resolved, That the Secretaries of the Departments, re-
, ppectnely, of State, Treasury, War, Navv, and inferior,
,| and the Postmaster General, be directed to communicate to
, the Seriate statements of the quantity of printing binding
and public advertising, winch has been done for, or by order
j of the Dep.rto-ent over which he preside-*, and on what
, account, and the amounrof money paid for the same, and 10
i whom paid, for each jenrsinee the 4th dayot March, ItMD,
, up to thus tunc ; and what remains to be" done, and how
, much is to he paid for it under arty exiting contracts, ar-
; tanjrements. or agreements, written or veihal. Also, copies
; of tii«' several contracts under which said printing, binding,
i and advertising, has been oris to b<? done ; and, al-n, -t;ite-
| merit* whether t-aid contracts, arrangements, ora<;reenn nt>,
I bav been made m pursuance of public advertisement; or
1 otherwise.
j SALT SPRINGS IN IOWA.
, A message from the House of Representatives
] was received by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announ-
cing that it had passed the Senate hill to relinquish
to the State of Iowa the lands reserved for salt
springs therein, with an amendment, in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate.
On motion by Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, the Senate
proceed eJ to consider the amendment of the House
of Representatives to the above-mentioned bill,
and it was concurred in, as follows:
Provided, That nothing in this act contained shall be so
construed as to interfere with the rights of third parties:
Jlnd provided, further, that li'any of the lands which have
been selected by the authorities of the State of Iowa, un-
der the act aforesaid, shall have been legally claimed by
preemption or otherwise, the State ah&U be euUionzed to
,elect other lands m lieu thereof,
RfGHT OF WAY FOR RAILROADS.
Mr. FELCH. I desire to ask the Senate to
take up, this morning, a bill which will occupy
but a few moments. It is a general bill, granting
the right of way through the public lands to rail-
road companies, t ask that it may be taken up
and passed, because individual companies are
making applications, and this bill will supersede
the necessity of legislating upon each case sep-
arately.
Mr. DAWSON. Do I understand the Senator
from Michigan to say that he wants this bill
passed in order to prevent companies of individ-
uals constructing the same roads?
Mr. FELCH. I will state that the bill author-
izes the proper Department to grant the right of
way, upon certain specified conditions, through
any of the public lands, to railroad companies or-
ganized under the State authorities. We have
been m the habit of granting the right of way upon
the application of individual companies whenever
it has been asked. _ We have passed one or two
such bills at the present session. We have now
before us applications from a ^reat number of
companies for that purpose. This is a genera!
bill, which will supersede the necessity of special
legislation in each case. Itgives no land—nothing
but the right of way.
Mr. DAWSON. Does it give the right of way
for one hundred feet on each side of the road ?
Mr. FELCH. Only for seventy-five feet.
The motion was agreed to.
The bill to authorize the construction of rail-
roads through the public lands in certain cases
was read a second time, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole. No amendment being
made, it was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading. It was subsequently read a third time
and parsed.
THE DEFICIENCY BILL.
The Senate resumed, as m Committee of the
Whole, the consideration of the bill from the
House of Representatives, entitled "An act to
supply deficiencies in the appropriations for the
service of the fiscal year ending 30th June, 1852."
The PRESIDING- OFFICER, (Mr. Mastoum
in the chair ) The Senator from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Brodhead] yesterday offered an amendment
in relation to the payment of workmen employed
on the Capitol. The Chair then intimated that,
under the rule, he regarded it as out of order. The
Chair reaffirms thut opinion, and decides that, un-
der the rule, the amendment is cot in order.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I am sorry that it is so de-
cided, but J do not feel disposed to argue the ques-
tion with the Chair; nor do I knosv that it would
be in order for me so to do.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It would be in
ord^r to debate the question upon an appeal taken
from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 wish to oHeran amendment
which merely allows the transfer ofan existing ap-
| propnatum. When the fire which destroyed the
library occurred, a certain sum was appropriated
to repair the damages occasioned by that fire. It
was more than enough for the purpose. Since
that time, there has been afire in one of the apart-
ments used by the Supreme Court. A transfer of
the balance of the former appropriation is asked,
in order to repair the damage done to that apart-
ment. The amendment is, to insert the following:
^Ve. — • J?e if. further ouftpd, That the Commis-
siortei of Public Building- bp, and he is hereby authorized
to apply an} unevpenued portion of t;>e money appropriated
by the act ofCongies* entitled '  An act making appropria-
tion to meet the expenses incurred m eon-equenoe of the
late fire at the Capitol.'1' approved January 13, 185^, to the
payment of the expenses nece^sanly incurred in repaid;,g
the damage Jate!y done, by the, m the oriice of the eleik
ot the Supreme (Joint, and in making other repairs about
die Capital.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I will now offer theamend-
ment which I sent to the Chair yesterday evening,
and which the Senate ordered to be printed. I see
that the amendment has not been laid on the ta-
bles of Senators; and, therefore, I ask that it may
be read for the information of the Senate.
The amendment was read, as follows:
For the liquidated balance found due the Creek In-
dians, tor losses sustained during the last war with Great
Britain, by that portion of the tube that was friendly and
