2326
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 25,
now exceeds $50,000 per annum, requires the su-
perintendence of two persons, one to prepare the
blanks, and the other to circulate them through-
out the country; and it is impossible that the su-
perintendence of the Congressional and depart-
mental printing could both be performed by one
man.
These are my objections to the bill. I think the
whole system is wrong. I think it is wrong in
principle*, and for the purpose of testing the ques-
tion in the Senate, I will move to insert the fol-
lowing, after the word "printing," in the second
section:
To be elected by a concurrent vote of the Senate and
House of Representatives.
It will then read:
i(j3nd be it further enacted, That there shall be a Super-
intendent of the public printing, to be eleetcd by a concur-
rent vote of the Senate and House of Representatives, who
shall hold his office for the term of two years, who shall
receive for his services a salary of $2,500 per annum," Ste-
in that way the Superintendent will be within
the control of Congress, and will not be appointed
by the sole authority of the President. I hope
that a vote will be taken on the question without
discussion.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I would like to know
whether it is in order to make speeches before
we know what we are acting upon ?
The PRESIDENT. The bill has been read
twice and is now under consideration as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I have never heard the
bill read. I wish to have it read through.
The bill was accordingly read.
Mr. RUSK. It seems to me that the amend-
ment would introduce a new rule which it would
be difficult to carry out. If by a concurrent vote
he means a vote of both Houses in convention,
that could not be done; or if it is a vote of each
House separately, there would be a difficulty in
getting at the object. One House might vote for
one man, and the other for another.
The question being taken, the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. BAYARD. I cannot vote for this bill as
it stands, because I am opposed to its principle as
a permanent measure; but inasmuch as we must
necessarily make some provision for the printing
of Congress at the commencement of the next
session, 1 am willing to take the bill if the pro-
viso which I now offer to the twelfth section be
adopted. The eilect of the proviso will be to
limit the duration of the lav/ till the 4th day of
March, 1853, and will necessarily compel Con-
gress, after discussion, at their next session, either
lo reenact this law with alterations or amendments,
or to permit it to stand as it is, or to adopt some
other measure. What I mean to express is, that j
my own opinions are decidedly in favor of a na- j
Uonal printing press, after a good deal of thought I
wh'ch I have given to the subject. 1 am willing !
to hear the views of others on the subject, and I j
desire to express my own when a suitable orca- j
sion may arise. It is too late to do so now, and '
1 am willing to accept this measure as a temporary
measure, until Congress shall again meet. 1
shall, however, vote against the bill as a perma-
nent measure, because I am well satisfied that if it
should pass, whatever may be its merits or its de-
merits, the bill will be continued for at least four
or five years. 1 therefore move to amend the bill
by adding at the end of the twelfth scction, the
fo'lowins proviso:
Provided) That tho preceding provisions of thi^ act «hall
continue m loiceull the 4th day of March, 1853, and no
longer.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I rise to express the hope
that the amendment will not be adopted. If the
bill be tried as it is, we can, in the mean time, se-
cure a well-digested system of public printing. Of
course, this measure will only last until that time.
The amendment will render it necessary to send
tins bill back to the House of Representatives, and
if there were no other difficulties in the way, that
would be enough. Inasmuch, therefore, as this
amendment would appear to have no beneficial
eileot, it, seems to me to be unnecessary to pas^ it.
Mr. T>ATc ARD. The amendment has its effect,
ft js not merely to have a printer elected, but the
law will remain a permanent law; and jt requires
the election of a printer, if you pass it m the shape
in which it stand*. J am opposed to the principle
of the law. There is no time to discuss it now,
but I am willing to take it with this proviso, in
consequence of the exigency of the public service.
That exigency, however, does not require that we
should swallow what is wrong in Us principle; and
L believe that Congress, during the next session, will
be able, after discussion, to say whether they will
modify, or alter, or abandon, the system alto-
gether. 1 therefore must persist in my amend-
ment.
Mr. SMITH. I ask for the yeas and nays on
the amendment. It is a very important amend-
ment.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and taken,
with the following result:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Bayard, Bell, Bor-
land, Brooke, Butler, Chase, Clarke, Coopei, Davis, Daw-
son, De Saussuic, Fish,Foot, Geyer, Hale, Hunter, Jones
of Tennessee, Mangum, Miller, Morton, Pearce, Pratt, Sew-
ard, Smith, Soul£, Spruance. Stockton, Sumner, Under-
wood, Upliam, "VVade—33.
NAYS—Messrs Adams, Bradbury,' Bright, Brodhead,
Cass, Charlton, Clemens, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of
Iowa, Douglas, Downs, JTelch, Gwm, Houston, James,
Jones of* Iowa, King, Mallory, Meriwether, Norris, Rusk,
Shields, Toucey, Walker, and Weller—25.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN. I desire to move an amend-
ment in the second section, simply forthe purpose
of testing the question whether the Senate will con-
nect the printing of the Departments with the print-
ing of Congress, or whether they are willing to
separate these two kinds of printing. If that
amendment is adopted, 1 shall propose another one
for the purpose of separating these two kinds of
printing. 1 propose to strike out of the twelfth and
thirteenth lines the words, " or of any Department
or Bureau of the Government of the United States."
And upon that I ask the yeas and nays.
Mr. BORLAND. I have to differ with my
friend from Maine on this proposition. I think,
if we elect a public printer, we ought to include
all the printing, bring it all into one system. The
effect of that would be, to make fortunes very
rapidly for somebody; and I desire to make the
fortune of one at a time, and let him retire for
some one else to take his place.
Mr. SMITH. The amendment proposed by
the Senator from Maine is one of very great im-
portance. I desire to call the attention of the Sen-
ate to the subject, though I shall endeavor to be
as brief as possible. There is no member of the
Senate who is more familiar with this subject than
is my friend from Maine, and I regret very much
that "he did not lay before the Senate the facts and
considerations which I am certain would ensure
the adoption of his amendment by a very large
majority of the Senate. He did not think it
; proper, however, to go into the merits of the sub-
ject, probably relying on the assurance that we
have heaid from several quarters, that every mem-
ber of the Senate is perfectly familiar with the le-
gislation of Congress, and with all the facts that
pertain to the question. If I were sure that they
were so, I certainly would not trouble the Senate
with any remarks.
But, Mr. President, we have one system, or
rather one principle, which rules and governs the
printing of the two Houses of Congress, and
another in each and every department of the Gov-
ernment; and that is, that Congress, or rather the
officeis of Congress, in one case, and the several
heads of the Departments in the other case, shall
let out the public printing to the lowest bidder.
So far as the Congressional printing is concerned,
I will admit that this system has not operated well, i
and for the reason that was adverted to by my j
honorable friend from New Hampshire, [Mr. i
Hale,]—not that there is any real defect in the [
system itself, but because Congress has not, and j
probably will not, carry into effect the provisions {
I of the law. But I have to say to the Senate, that!
as far as the departmental printing is concerned,}
this business of letting it out to the lowestbidder
has operated well, and proved satisfactory to the [
heads of the Departments, and highly profitable :
to the Government, as is suggested by a friend i
near me. The printers under it get fair profits, '
although they do not get those suggested by my
friend from Arkansas. They do not make enor-;
mous fortunes in two years,as the public printers ;
did when the printing was dealt out upon political I
considerations and principles of favoritism. Rut !
Congress got tired, several years ago, of dealing !
out departmental printingand Congressional print-;
ing to party favorites, to enable them to make ,
large fortunes; and, therefore, they went into this
system of letting it out to the lowestbidder. And
1 say, that so far as the departmental printing is
concerned, it has operated very well. I have at
my room letters from each and every one of the
heads of the Departments, which 1 should have
brought into the Chamber, if I had supposed that
the subject was coming up for consideration to-
day, in which they bear testimony to the admira-
ble operation of the system of letting out the
departmental printing to the lowest bidder. The
honorable Postmaster General is particularly em-
phatic on this subject.
It will be borne in mind that the large portion
of the public service pertaining to the post office
of the united States islet out to the lowestbidder;
and the Postamster General tells me in his letter,
which 1 have not at hand, that he knows no rea-
son why the printing of the Post Office Depart-
ment should not be let out to the lowest bidder, as
much as the transportation of the mails is let out
to the lowest bidder; and he is decidedly in favor
of maintaining the system. That also is the tes-
timony of the Secretaries of the Treasury, of the
Interior, of War, and of the late Secretary of the
Navy, (Mr. Graham.) They all bear testimony
to the economical operation of the system. These
gentlemen say they not only obtain the printing of
the various Departments well executed, on good
paper, and commensurate to the wants of the
public service—at what rates I will not undeitake
to say, but at rates a great deal lower than they
otherwise would—and unless Congress, as the
House of Representatives seems to be, are pre-
pared to return to the old system of giving it out
upon political considerations—to the old, wasteful,
prodigal, and extravagant system—I am entirely
sure that a majority of this honorable body will
concur in the amendment proposed by my honor-
able friend from Maine.
But here, Mr. President, is a most extraordi-
nary state of things. I have no doubt that the
two Houses of Congress have the right to appoint
an officer, under the name of a public printer, to
execute the printing that is required forthe two
Houses; but has Congress the right, or, if it has
the right, is it expedient for Congress to seize hold
of the printing of the various Departments of the
Government? Upon what principle is it that we
elect the public printer to do the printing of the
two Houses of Congress ? It is exactly upon the
principle that we appoint a Secretary of the Sen-
ate—it is exactly upon the principle that we ap-
point a Sergeaot-at-Arms—it is exactly upon the
principle upon which we appoint all other officers
of the two Houses of Congress—to do what? To
exercise certain functions—discharge certain duties
which are absolutely necessary to enable us to
perform our duties under the Constitution. The
public printer, therefore, is an officer of Congress,
and has ever been recognized as such; but if we
do usurp (for 1 think it is of the nature of usurpa-
tion) the power of executing the printing for the
Departments, I want to know what sort of func-
tion that is r Is the Superintendent to exercisehis
functions and perform services necessary to enable
us to discharge our legislative duties here ?
I desire to know of honorable Senators whether
we are to elect a public printer not to serve Con-
gress but to serve the Departments ? But to what
extent is it to be carried ? I say it is highly im-
proper for the two Houses of Congress to under-
take to lay their hands on printing that has nothing
to do with our duties here as members of Con-
gress; and how is this to be done ? At what ex-
pense ? At a very great sacrifice to the Treasury;
and to what end ? My honorable friend from Ar-
kansas [Mr. Borland] has announced the end, or
rather the result—I will not say the end contem-
plated by honorable Senators, because that would
involve possibly an imputation on their motives—
but I say the result of the system proposed has
been announced to us by the Senator from Ar-
kansas. He says he wants to put into the hands
of the printer to be elected by the two Houses of
Congress all the Congressional printing. If that
is done in conformity with the provisions of the
bill, I have no manner of doubt that its effect will
be to accumulate aconsiderable fortune duringone
Congressional term. But the honorable Senator
says he wants to have them accumulate a fortune
rapidly. He wants these men to grow rich at the
expense of the laboring industrious people of the
country. He wants to have them succeed each
