>0
THE- CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 12,
Now, is the position true or not, that if an officer
acts in obedience to the lawful instructions of his
Government, he is liable to a suit, as an individual,
foracts committed under these instructions? .The
inferior officer is bound to obey the commands of
his superior. The superior officer is presumed to
act with authority: and if he acts by authority, I
undertake to lay down t! e position that he is in-
demnified against the consequences arising out of
his obedience to his orders.
A Voice. Suppose a superior exceeds his au-
thority ?
Mr. MEADE. If a superior exfeeeds his au-
thority, then the case is a different one. Do 1
understand this is the case at .bar? If Colonel
Doniphan exceeded his authority, and thereby
get Colonel Mitchell into a scrape, I should vote
to relieve Colonel Mitchell.
Mr. PHELPS. That was the case.
Mr. MEADE. The question arises, was Colo-
nel Doniphan authorized to issue the order to Col-
onel Mitchell? If he was, then I say the United
Slates is responsible for the trespass, and not the
officer.
A Voice. That is the case.
Mr. MEADE. If he did not, and if the judg-
ment of the court is an erroneous one; if they
ought to have found in favor of Mitchell, upon the
ground that he was acting in obedience to author-
ity, I should be in favor of relieving Colonel
Mitchell, and in favor of this bill, unless it be
made perfectly manifest that he acted wrongfully,
without authority, and under circumstances which
did nfa justify him.
I believe I shall vote for the bill after investi-
gating the facts and merits of the case. But there
seems to be u difference of opinion in regard to the
facts and merits, and I am in favor of inquiring
into them, as they have been imperfectly related
by the different speakers, and not with that detail
which is nccessaiy to enable us to come to a cor-
rect decision. I would rather look into the cir-
cumstances of this ease before I vote, because I
do not wish, by hastily passing- a bill of this sort,
set the example, and say that an officer, who, in
obedience to his instructions, commits a trespass,
and is afterwards sued for it, and make some loose
defence of his case, or neglects it, is justified in
coming before the Congress of the United States
for indemnity. I wish by a scrutiny of this case
to put those officers upon their guard, and require
them to mke every defence that is necessary, and
that theyWn possibly make. If Colonel Mitchell
has done this duty which he owed to himself and
to the Government, f will vote for this bill.
Mr. COBB. 1 am inclined to vote for the bill,
if I can, by one or two appropriate answers, get a
liulo ui/ficuUy out of the way. I want to vote
knowingly. "I think tlmt by asking one or two
questions ( can get the information I desire. Did
I understand—I regiet that the honorable ren-
tleni.m from Illinois [Mr. Richardson] is not in
Ins seat—did I understand him to say that this
man was before the last Congress for relief
Mr. PHELPS. Wo.
Mr. COBB. I hope 1 misunderstood him. iMv
understanding was, that Colonel Mitchell askeil
relief at the last Congress
Mr. VEiNTABUi
for rehef at the last Congress, not Colonel iMi'tXll!
Mr. COBB I hat is the mam That is one of
tne blanches I would like to have cMutniiiprl
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. ?will Lwer
as I understand it He applied to Congress for
relief. He thought lie had been outraged
Mr. COBB. Not Colonel Miti:hel)>
■ ^r' p£§IHIPS- N"; Mr- Harmony.
™ £255' 1 ain s!"d ,o hpav
Mr. SI EPHENS. Harmony would nor
now to know that it was, for without the infor-
mation I have obtained from the inquiries [ have
propounded, i should have been obliged to vote to
refer the bill for the purpose of getting further in-
formation. Gentlemen "will allow me to say it is
my policy, whenever, a .case is presented here—
one which I believe to be meritorious—to give it
speedy consideration, rather than to throw it into
that vortex whence nothing comes out. I want
direct action upon the bill and 1 will vote for it.
Mr. WALSH. Allow lme to say that a point
of law was raised in the case of Harmony vs.
Mitchell, which was fully discussed, and 1 do not
understand the court as sanctioning the law*aslaid
doVn by the learned gentleman from Georgia,
[Mr. Toombs.] The case was this: It was not
one of immediate pressing necessity. This man
Harmony was on his way to Mexico with goods,
contained in wagons, and Colonel Doniphan, in
the cxercise of his military discretion, decided that,
if those goods should come into the possession of
the Mexicans, as they would be likely to do, they
would aid them essentially in their defence, and
he ordered Colonel Mitchell, with his command,
whatever it was, to take possession of the goods
in order to prevent that catastrophe. The justifi-
cation was a military one. Every military man
considered it a justification. He was doing his
duty as a soldier, and he would have been liable
to punishment and rebuke if he faltered. But the
court says this is not—looking at it in a technical
point of view—a case of immediate necessity, and
that that is the test of the responsibility of the
party. The ..question of law is raised before the
court, argued before them, and decided upon that
ground, i suppose it is technical law, and it is a
hard law, against the effects of which this gentle-
man ought to he saved, and saved at once. It is
perfectly manifest, let me say in addition, that the
Government took the responsibility of this pro-
ceeding, and if the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
StvEETSEitJ is right in saying that ihe Administra-
tion is m fault, the sins of the Ad frustration ought
not^to be visited upon this military oificer.
The (iovermnent recognized the n^ht of this i
man; recognized the propriety of his petition, and j
authorized the legal officer to appear before the '
JNew York tribunal, and make a defence. If there '
is any fault in not taking a biii of exceptions, it is
not that of this soldier, who should not be visited
with the faults of the lawyers or of the Adminis-
tration.
If we do not defend this man, if will he very
much like a casein the English books, where a very
giave matter was debated, before the courts in
regard to a capital oflence, and the authorities say
the judges never publicly proclaimed i heir opinion
but the prisoner was hung.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. The decision of.
this cute by the court, 1 understand to be upon the '
ground stated by my colleague, [M -
I made to refer, but X did think that in a case in-
volving so large an amount of money the House
should have the responsibility of a committee as
to the facts. Gentlemen think they know some-
thing about the facts, but they may be mistaken.
One of my objects was to have all the facts rela-
tive to the bill placed before the House. If those
stated here should be ascertained to be true by a
committee, I would not oppose the bill; on the con-
trary, I would willingly, vote for it. Therefore
it is that I cannot withdraw my motion. ' In ac-
cordance with the promise I made the gentleman
from Alabama, I will call for the previous ques-
tion.
Thecall for the previous question was seconded,
and the main question was ordered to be put.
The question was taken upon the motion to refer,
and it was disagreed to.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to order-
ing the bill to be engrossed, and read a third time?
Mr. MEADE. Is it in order to move to refer
the bill to the Committee of the Whole upon the
state of the Union ?
Several Members. Let us vote! Let the bill
be put upon its passage!
The SPEAKER. In the opinion of the Chair,
objection having been made to the engrossment
of the bill, under the rules, it mustr^o to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. MEADE. My object in rising just now,
was to enter a protest against hasty legislation in
matters of this sort.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks debate is
out of order.
Mr. MEADE. The testimony around me is
so great in favor of the equity of this claim, that
I will not make the motion I had intended. I am
willing that the bill shall be passed.
s Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. Knowing as Jittle
j as we do about that bill, I am not willing that it
, shall be passed, and object to its being engrossed.
Mr. MEADE. I ask the gentleman who has
made the objection, to move it be the special order
for some day.
Mr. STEPHENS. It cannot be done except
by unanimous consent.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opinion,
that the bill must go to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. STANTON. I withdraw my objection.
The SPEAKER. It is objected to by several
members. The bill will be referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
CONGRESSIONAL LIBRARY ROOM.
The SPEAKER laid before the House, Senate
bill No. 184, entitled " An act to provide for the
repairing of the Congressional Library room lately
destroyed by fire."
Mr. CHANDLER.
I ask the general consent
, ,  ..., L...r. Toombs,! and '! 01 tfle , ouse that that MI be put upon its pas-
wlnch the gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Walsh) '' sa°e; 18 al'soiutely necessary that the comrnit-
  •* if tee should be authorized in some form or the other,
at the present time, to issue their proposals.
Mr. ORR asked for the reading of the bill, and
it was read.
Mr. OUR. I have heard enough of it to insist
that it be referred to the Committee of the Whole
011 the state of the Union.
.Mr.^STANTON, of Kentucky. I hope this
seems to tlnnkwas ai, error, as also the gentleman
from Virginia, [Mr. Meadu.J Mr. Mitchell was
there and pleaded the instructions under which he
acted, anil the court in New York held that such
a plea was no justification, and overruled if. and
I jirF
plea, and no justification, and that heis liable alone
as an individual.
I did not intend, in the remarks T made, to be
diverted into an argument upon the merits of this
case. Hence 1 arose barely to present to this
House a naked case to let them look at. Here is
a man injured, whether rightfully or wrongfully
and he comes here with clean hands himself, and
flip flMMfinn Jo FT 
bill wiil not be committed.
Mr. ORR. It must go there when objection is
I hope you will withdraw
made.
Mr. STANTON.
your objection.
Mr. ORR. I cannot.
Mr. STANTON. 1 will then state a few rea-
the^action of Congress but sued Colonel Atitcl'i'eii,"
and recovered against him.
Mr. COBB. Another question. 1 nm l^r? ^
feKf!rIM,,c.he"obtained
Is thai so ? °f theSe S°0,Js a,Kl made « e of them.
It COBRPS,' No.no-thatisnot*,. .,    
lve a'way  been 'I l'ler f'el)ate
f could not see the JjK tr^d, !lPMy wll  :! Mr. DANIEL.
the question is, Shall this House ^rant relief' I >' sonswhyit ought not to go there, in thehope that
nope tins bill may be put upon its? passage, and M • ,ru'u<'e members of the House to consent to
te as we please. ° j j it u^at an early day.
then we can v
Mi. HOT.1 STON. 1 call for the previous ques-
tion upon the motion to refer.
Mr. STHiPHliNS. Let the Chair first ask the
unanimous consent of the House to put the bill
upon its passage.
Mr. HOUSION. My object mo prevent fur-
to tread. When S°!n? II 1 1 T fallowed IwoM'
As 1 made the motion to refer.
my impulse 1 tl ^ H0U"ST0N-. 1 will withdraw my call for
itiT'Z '"OT comine Lre^ i .SrevloU8 if thp gentleman wiil re-
for relief-U
ouslv. My mind was misdirected.'and
T am £lad
Mr. DANIEL. I will, sir. I did no
intend ,
to commit myself against the hill by the motion l! follo™^' SS^t^te
jl Mr. ORR 1 rise t0 a question of order. 1
;t haut objected to the consideration of the bill,
j; Ihe SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opinion,
wi f bl1 must SO to the Committee of the
!; Whole on the state of the Union,
j; Mr. CHANDLER. I move that it be made
f| the specinl order for Monday next.
, Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I object I
am opposed to all special orders. A majority of
,■ the committee can take it up whenever they wH,
without its being made a special order.'
! THE ADDITIONS TO THE CAPITOL.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House the
No. 11
