1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2327
other in the accession of these fortunes in rapid
succession; and I believe they will do it if the bill
Now, I am totally opposed to drawing within
the vortex of the Congressional printing, the print-
ing of the Departments. We have a system now
that operates well; it is an economical system,
satisfactory to the Departments, and not oppres-
sive to the Government. Nobody complains of
it. Why, then, is it proposed to lay violent
hands on that branch of the public printing, and
draw it under our jurisdiction, and undertake to
execute it by our authority?
I have other views to express in connection with
this entire subject, but I mean to limit myself pre-
cisely to the question before us. I will not travel
into the question of the merits of the bill. I in-
tend, in addressing myself to the Senate—and I
fear I shall be compelled to do it more than
once—to confine myself strictly .and rigidly to the
point before it. I do, therefore, most strenuously
resist in limine the idea of breaking down the sys-
tem of letting out departmental printing to the
lowest bidder, when it operates well and nobody
complains of it; when it is satisfactory to the
heads of the Departments; when nobody calls for
the change; and when it is, apparently, to draw it
within our jurisdiction, upon an idea such as has
been suggested by the honorable Senator from
Arkansas. As it is an important question, I ask
for the yeas and nays on the amendment.
Mr, WALKER. I think there has been an
amendment adopted which destroys the utility of
this bill. It is that which limits its operation to
the 4th of March next. Considering that that
amendment destroys the efficiency of the bill, and
that there is no longer any use in considering it,
i move that it lie upon the table.
Several Senators. " Oh, no !" " Oh, no !"
Mr. DOUGLAS. I must ask the yeas and
nays upon the motion.
Mr. WALKER. If the friends of the bill, upon
this side of the Chamber particularly, do not want
to lay it down, I withdraw the motion; but I think
there is not much use in considering the bill any
longer after the adoption of that amendment.
The PRESIDENT. The motion to lay on the
table having been withdrawn, the question is upon
the amendment of the Senator from Maine.
Mr. BAYARD. I shall vote against this, or
any other amendment, because it seems to me,
that in accordance with the amendment which I
had the honor to propose, and which the Senate
sanctioned, a principle has been adopted that this
measure is one of a temporary character. I un-
derstood my amendment to be adopted upon the
ground that there was no time now to discuss
the principles of a bill of this kind, to settle a per-
manent system. I had objections to the bill on
one ground, the honorable Senator from Maine on
other grounds. We could not have an oppor-
tunity now to discuss them, and I thought it was
right that a permanent system should not be
adopted without discussion. But I also thought
it would relieve Senators from their objections to
the bill as it stood, if it were made temporary in
its character. The provision making it temporary
having been adopted, it certainly removes my ob-
jection. Though I am decidedly opposed to the
bill as a permanent system, yet as the Senate ac-
ceded, with the statement of those views, to the
amendment which I proposed, I presumed that the
object was to let the bill pass as a temporary meas-
ure, which the exigencies of the public service
demanded, with regard to the printing of the next
session.
Mr. BRADBURY. Mr. President, the sweep-
ing, and 1 had almost said suicidal amendment
offered by the honorable Senator from Delaware,
which has been adopted by the Senate, renders
the present amendment inoperative and unneces-
sary. By the amendment already adopted, the [
provisions of the act are to terminate on the 3d of
March next; and now it is proposed to exempt the
printing of the Departments from its operation.
I presume that contracts have already been entered
into for all the printing of the Departments up to
that time; and as I think the amendment already
adopted practically makes this exclusion, this
amendment would seem to be unnecessary.
Mr. PRATT. The Senate will observe that
the second section of the bill provides that " there
shall be a Superintendent of the Public Printing,
who shall hold his office for the term of two
years." Now, the section does not provide, quo
modo, how the Superintendent is to be appointed.
On looking to the Constitution, I find that it pro-
vides that the President, by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, shall appoint the officers
designated, "and all other officers of the United
'States, whose appointments are notherein other-
i wise provided for, and which shall be established
' by law; but the Congress may, by law, vest the
' appointment of such inferior officers, as they
4 think proper, in the President alone, in the courts
' of law, or in the heads of Departments." The
Superintendent then here provided for by this bill,
is to be appointed by the President, by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate, inasmuch as
the bill does not provide for the appointment by
the President, without that supervisory consent on
the part of the Senate.
Now, I want to suggest to my friend from
Maine, that the amendment which he proposes
should not be made a test question, as to whether
we are in favor of taking from the bill that part
which gives the printing of the Departments to
the printer to be elected by the two Houses of
Congress; for the provision which he proposes to
strikeout only requires that the Department print-
ing should be supervised by the Superintendent to
be appointed by the President, by and with the ad-
vice and consent of the Senate. I can see no earthly
difficulty; on the contrary, I can see a much
greater propriety in the printing of the public offi-
ces being supervised by the appointee of the Pres-
ident than that the printing of Congress should be
so supervised. I can see no reason for the amend-
ment now proposed by the Senator from Maine;
and therefore I hope that it will not be made a test
question with regard to the sense of the Senate as
to separating the Department printing from the
Congressional printing.
In my judgment, there is every propriety that
the Superintendent so to be appointed should super-
vise the departmental printing; and I have certainly
heard no objection to that. But when it comes
to the other question of separating the depart-
mental from the Congressional printing, I shall
vote with great pleasure with the honorable Sena-
tor from Maine. The suggestion which he has
made to me in conversation is conclusive that the
provision uniting the two ought to be stricken out;
for you are to have under this bill two public
printers—one appointed by the Senate, and one
appointed by the House; and the bill does not
provide which of these printers is to do the Depart-
ment printing. I shall, therefore, vote with the
Senator from Maine, when he comes to the amend-
ment to strike out the departmental printing; but
I shall vote for keeping in the bill the supervision
of the Department printing by the Superintendent.
Mr. HAMLIN. In order to meet the sugges-
tion of the Senator from Maryland, 1 withdraw
my amendment and offer another; to strike out of
the third section the words:
" And from the several chiefs of Departments and heads
of bureaus, all inatteis ordered by them, respectively, to be
printed at the public expense."
That presents precisely the question of discon-
necting the Congressional from the departmental
printing.
Mr. SMITH. I ask for the yeas and nays on
the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 26, nays 28; as follows:
YEAS—Me>-«rs. Badger, Bell, Ciia^e, Clarke. Cooper,
Davis, Da\v>on, Fish, Foot, Go) er, fiuinhn. IIinit«;r, Jones
of Tennessee, Mangum, Miller, Morton, Pearee, Piatt,
Seward, Smith, Spi nance, Stockton, Sumner, Underwood,
Upham, and Wade—;2t). *
NAYS—Jlei&r*. AdairH, Bayard, Holland, Bradbury,
Bright, Brodhead, Butler, Co^, ChaiHon, Clemens Be
Saussure, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge ot Iowa, Douglas,
Downs, Felch, Gwm. Houston, James, Jone-> of Town.,
King, Mallory, Meriwether, Noiris, Rusk, Shield^, Sonl<>,
and Weller—28.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. SMITH. It must be manifest, I think, to
the members of the body that the details of this
bill cannot be considered without encroaching on
other business that is pending before the Senate.
The bill is now heie to the interruption of the
consideration of the river and harbor bill.
Several Senators. That has been passed.
Mr. SMITH. I think not.
Mr. DAVIS. The river and harbor bill has
been ordered to a third reading. It has not yet
been finally passed.
Mr. SMITH. That was my understanding.
I therefore move to lay this bill on the table, and
I ask the yeas and nays on that motion,
Mr. DAVIS. I was about to ask .for the order
of the day, but the Senator from Connecticut has
made a motion to lay the bill upon the table.
Mr. SMITH. I withdraw that motion.
Mr. DAVIS. Then I move to postpone the
further consideration of the bill until to-morrow.
Mr. BRIGHT. Will the Senator withdraw
the motion for a moment?
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly, sir.
Mr. BRIGHT. The honorable Senator from
Connecticut manifests great indignation at what
he regards as an effort to reward a partisan press.
He insists that the effect of passing this bill will
be to reward a partisan editor, and that the con-
tract is the only system that ought to be adopted
by Congress. He further argues, that unless the
contract system be adopted, the public interests
will be jeopardized, and money will be appropri-
ated out of the National Treasury without a fair
consideration. Now, that honorable Senator must
excuse me for saying that I am unwilling to be
taught by him upon this subject, for the reason
that he is grossly inconsistent. He advocates one
policy in reference to the public printing to-day,
and another to-morrow. He has boxed every
point of the compass in discussing this question,
since taking his seat as a Senator, as I will show
from that honorable Senator's speeches. Some
two years ago, when I introduced a proposition
here disposing of the printing of the Seventh Cen-
sus to the lowest bidder, that honorable Senator
took decided ground against it, and alleged that it
was a vicious system, fraught with mischief, and
would again, as it had in times past, prove a fraud
on the Treasury, and an entire failure. I desire
to read a few extracts from a speech that the hon-
orable Senator made on the occasion I have re-
ferred to. In the Congressional Globe of the first
session of the Thirty-first Congress, page 687, I
find that the following remarks were made by that
Senator on the 10th of April, 1S5U:
"In addition to this, even if there was: time to carry any
measure, such as. is contemplated by the honorable member
fiom Indiana, I do not believe that any contract you could
make upon the principle of giving it to the lowest bidder,
would be executed m such a manner as the public service
requires. I carc not what may be the stipulation of the
contract; I care not what guarantees you may demand of
the public printer—ot any man who may give the lowest
bid for the public printing—you never can get the contract
executed in such a manner as the public interests require."
To-day, according to the theory of this same
Senator, the contract system is the only method
known to him whereby the public Treasury can
be protected and the public printing done in a
proper manner. But the honorable Senator went
further, and said:
" You would get an infeiior quality of paper. The pa-
per, which is now in the hand*: of ihe contiactors with the
Census? Board, n vety neaily of the strength and quality of
bank paper. It ts a veiy hupcuor kind of paper. I believe
specimens of it have been laid on the table* of honoiable
Senators. Now, you may stipulate in the contract that the
printers shall furnish paper that has all the strength ol hank
paper; but I deny that you could have any guarantee that
the contract would be fnlrilled. The paper will be of an
mfenoi quality, and, by the time the blanks reach Wash-
ington fiom the hands of the marshals and their deputies,
the documents will be in tuch a state as- to he illegible, and
ot no u->c for the purpose of making up the abstiact that is
ultimately to constitute the census.''
On another occasion, when there was a propo-
sition before the Senate to let the contracts for the
public printing to the lowest bidder, the Senator
used the following language:
"Thetiuth l^Mr President, that the real difficulty is
with the system that we have adopted of public printing,
it is a vicious s-ystem/'
In another place he says:
Ci I am fully satisfied that the honorable Senator from
Mississippi purposes to act with all tine courtesy ; and ] beg
pardon of the Senate for having tiespa-sed upon then at-
tention on tbisMibjeet. i was about to explain what was the
leal caus-e of the delay. It is this vicious >y«tem of punt-
ing ; and I contend that it is mteily impossible, under this
s\>tem, that we should have public documents ready in
tnue."
That is, under the " contract systemI leave
such inconsistencies as appear between the speech
made to-day, and those made by the honorable
Senator on former occasions, to be reconciled by
him. 1 do not wish to be considered as arraign-
ing the honorable gentleman for his course, but
have felt it to be my duty to hold up his former
course as a reason against giving any influence
whatever to his opinions to-day. He had a right
to entertain these opinions, and to publish them at
the time he did; and I do not question his right
