1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
If it should turn out that whole families have died |
out, and that there is no living person to represent,
them, or to receive the sums due, as a matter of
course, the money appropriated will remain in the
Treasury of-the United States. But he asks
whether there is any schedule of the claims, wheth-
er there is a list of the persons to whom this
money is to go? As I before stated, by a refer-
ence to a printed document, it can be ascertained
not only what is the amount originally due, but
the name of the Indians to whom it was due, and
the amounts which have been paid to each.
I have a list styled—
i( Claims of the friendly Creek Indians for looses sustained
by them in their civil war, agreeably to the teims of peace
oifered by Major Geneial Pin'ckney, the 23d of April, lr!4,
and the preliminary to the treaty of fort Jackson in that
yeai; presented and liquidated at Fort Hawkins, in July,
1817." -
I find by this list that there was due to James
Lovell, $250, of which $100 has been paid; to
AndiewLovell, $103, of which §41 has been paid;
to George Loveli, £1,652, of which $>661 has been
paid, &.c.
This schedule of these claims and other claims,
showing1 the amounts due and the sums which
have been paid, runs through some twenty or
thirty pages of this printed document, presenting-,
probably, the most accurate estimate upon which
this money can be disbursed, more accurate than
is afforded for any other appropriation in this
whole bill.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. What is the date of that
document?
Mr. SEBASTIAN. It was dated in July,
1817. It is a detailed account of the losses, and
was made out by Colonel Mitchell, the successor
of Colonel Hawkins, reporting1 the amount he had
paid to each Indian, and the amount remaining
unpaid at the date of this report, i have not read
the whole document through, bemuse it is very
voluminous; and I submit it to the Senate because ;
it answers the interrogatory which has disturbed !
the Senator from Virginia so much; and I have !
further to say, m answer to his difficulties, that I 1
am informed by the present agent of the Creek '
Indians, that he has seen that document among j
the Indians, and that there are many living yet
who were among the Creeks who followed the :
fortunes of the United States in the war withEng- '
land, and that the neglect to satisfy the claim is a .
constant and ceaseless cause of complaint among ;
them. One of those old chiefs is yet living, and ]
when the Government of the United States sent a |
special mission there to ascertain the causes of j
their complaint in 1842, this old chief referred to '
these unpaid balances on this very class ofclaims,
and reproached the United States lor theirwant of ,
justice in not attending to their payment sooner, j
The next giound is, that the Committee on '
Ways and Means, in 1817, had nil the documents •
before them. They had not as many documents
as we have now, and there is nothing in the facts
which were before them which we have not. It.
will be seen that the Committee on Ways and |
Means, of 1817, called upon the War Department !
to furnish them all the information on file in that '
office. They are furnished with Colonel Haw- !
kins's report, which Mr. Calhoun says was im- j
perfect; and this report of the committee was the
basis of the appropriation in 1817, and not the
report of Colonel Hawkins.
1 intend to show that that $60,000 to which Col-
onel Hawkins alludes, as being a sum which
would cover all "the just expectations of the In-
dians, at that time, growing out of the drawing .
of the line according to the treaty, referred to '
claims for lands taken from them by the terms of
that treaty, and did not include claims for losses in
consequence of depredations of the hostile Creeks
among them. That being ihe fact, the allegation
that the}'" were satisfied with that amount for all
their losses must fall to the ground. ;
But I will read from a document which was
the basis of the report of the Committee on Ways
and Means, in the year 1817. It is the report of ,
Colonel Hawkins, who was resident in the coun- ;
try during the war, who was mainly instrumental, >
and on whom the Government relied, in bringing j
about a peace. i
It is dated, "Coweta, April 1st, 1816/' He;
1403
" I herewith transmit, m obedient to the orders of your
department, a report on the claims of the friend'v Indians
for losses sustained by them in their civil war, agreeably to
the terms of peace offered by Major General Pinckney,
'23d April, 1814, and the preliminaries to the treaty of Fori
Jackson, of August following. It is imperfect, from the
peeuhai situation of affair* here, and cannot be otherwise
till ay the hunters are in, which is not expected Ull the last
ot next month."
Here is the claim, admitted on the basis to be
imperfect, from the peculiar state of affairs then'
existing; and that was the only document which
reached here prior to the appropriation of 1817.
He further says:
"I believe, from the be&t information J have obtained,
the whole amount t>f just claims will not exceed $100,000;
and it i-a piobable, uponarevision in presence of the claim-
ants, there may be a deduction in some of those repoited
on. ifit should he deemed advisable to take oider on this
report, and appropriate money for the puipose, a sum not
exceeding $11)0,000 will be sufficient."
Then, sir, if £60,000 was all that was necessary
to meet this claim, the committee reported an ap-
propriation of $25,000 more than the Indians
claimed—a species of generosity on the part of our
Government of which it is not commonly guilty.
If they had the estimate of Colonel Hawkins then
before them, that estimate was §>15,000 less than
these reports make it. This must be based on the
coming m of the hunters in the fall season.
Now, sir, so well satisfied was the War De-
partment that this report was imperfect, that it
did not embrace the whole of the claims to be cov-
ered by this general appropriation, that in the in-
structions transmitted to the successor of Colonel
Hawkins they direct a pro rata distribution of this
amount among all the different claimants. In
answerto the instructions of the War Department,
General Mitchell, in a letter dated Men ch 18, 1818,
says:
u I have now the honor to inclose a concho statementof
the account-* pies-ented by the fiiendlv Jmhans for lo*--cs
durum the late war, and of the application of the sum ap-
piopruiled by C'oiigrii-s lor their pa\meul, by which it ap-
pr>ar«that a little upwards ofAl00,Ui'K) f-ttl} due.
"Thegtoss amount of tin* claims presented, including
the abstract made by Colonel Hawking is very little over
or undci >3j0,00(); but they were i educed br the chiefs to
$105,-117 90."
I have thus shown that the committee in 1817,
when they made this general appropriation, based
it on an estimate which was admitted on its face to
be imperfect; that the War Department, in making
tins estimate, recognized the fact, that the appro- :
priationwas not expected to amount to a full sat-
isfaction of the claim, and directed it to be distrib-
uted pro rata among the claimants; and that Mr.
Mitchell, who responded to the orders of the War
Department, stating- the manner in which lie had
distributed the money appropri ted for this claim,
stated also what amount was still due, and says
that there is the same evidence tn prove a claim
for ^105,000, as there was to prove tlx at <^5,000
were due. There is no kind of rule by which th s
can be scaled down; there is no kind of evidence
! by which we can teil that tha-% claims were ex-
1 cessive, because Mr. Mitchell vras go\enied in the
! distribution by the amount to be appropriated, and
not by the extent to which they were liquidated.
I apprehend that ample allowance was made for
all such losses when he prepared the schedule of
the claims. The 2'ross aggregate amount of these
claims he estimated at £,300,000; but he says that,
in view of all the circumstances, he ha'1, prevailed
on the chiefs to reduce the sum to £,195,000; and
then that amount was scaled down by another
process, and ^5,000 were appropriated; but it
was not expected that that appropriation would
prove sui)i"ient; it was known by the War De-
partment ihat it was not sufficient,and, therefore,
they ordered a distiibution to he made, not as a i
final satisfaction of the clann, hut pro rata at the '
rate of forty cents to the d-ilhir.
The chairman of the Committee on Finance
has relied upon the fact, that, in a communication
of the 2'Kh of August, 1815, from Colonel Maw-
kins, he stated as his opinion that the Indians
wouM have been satisfied with ft60,000 at the date
of drawing the lines of the treaty. I will now
refer to the capitulation of 1814, and the subse-
quent history of this transaction of Colonel Haw-
kins, to show that this had reference wholly to the
claim for lands, and not for spoliations. 1 will
call attention to a part of the letter of .August 15th,
1S13:
" 1st. A«! to the nature and extent of the indemnity winch
the fnendly chiefs claim, m consequencc of the l'Mtm ad-
ds es-ed byGcneial Pinckney, of the 23d of April, 1814:
" As soon as the terms of peace were offered, as ex-
pressed m the letterreterred to, T took measures to explain
them literally to the friendly Indians, and, through them,
and the prisoners in our possession, to the hostiles who had
lied, or were flying, to PensacoJa.
'■ When General Jackson arrived as sole commissioner,
he addressed a speech to the chiefs, among whom there
was but a single hostile one; marked his line, which, he
said, should not be altered; he altered it, notwithstanding,
to accommodate Tookaubatche. The chiefs replied to
him, which the General's secretary and the agent took in
writing for him. '.They, in conference, repeatedly urged the
justness of their claims to losses, as promised in the terms
<>f peace offered j and the General as often denied having
powers to act upon it. Upon being asked, among other
things, as his powers extended only to retaining as much
land conquered from the hostiles as would indemnify the
United States tor the expenses of the war, upon what priu-
ciples he took the lands eastwardly to Georgia, belonging
obviously to the friendly Indians ? The General answeied,
he did it from political motives—to prevent an intercourse
between the Indiana and the Spaniards and English in tin*
1 Fioridss; to have a border, to know and separate his ene-
j mies Jrom his friends, winch was as beneficial to friendly
! Indians as to the United States; and also gave the friendly
I Indians the lands in the fork of Tallapoosa and Coosa.
I The speaker asked where the hostiles were to be placed, if®*
; he took all their lands ? His answer was, vou have room
! enough to take them among you. The speaker said the war
j was not yet settled, and they were called on for lands to
: pay the expense of it; andbeforeitwassettIed,hesupposed
j there would be .mother call. The General replied, he would
1 take it upon himself to settle it, if it lasted twenty years,
| without calling on them for any more land.
j il It struck me forcibly, at the tune, that the General, who
! was authorized only to main lands conquered from the
| hostiles, to indemnify the United States for the expanses of
the war, should take nearly eight millions of acres from the
; ft tojitl 1 y Tndtaus. over and above all the hunting grounds of
i the friendly (Tppci Cieek^,giving, withoutconsultnigthera,
i what he called an equivalent, which they did not deem
I such, and did not feel himscK authorized to adjust this
I equitable clann of theirs. T suggested to the General, upon
! extending the line eastwardly, lor the motives assdsned by
hun.ii'he could, for a reasonable equivalent, wheie that
line touched Flint nvei, go up the same, it would be a great
accommodation to Georgia. Upon which, after some re-
flection on the subject, and making inquiries as to how far
up the line should go, and at what creek it should leave the
i ivcr, lie said his powers would not justify it, and he would
adhcie to Ins first line.
" The speaker, after conferring with the chiefs about him,
stated to the General thai there were no hostile chiefs there;
but the heads ofthe nation—masters of the land—were; they
were, friends, met to settle matters, and not to quarrel; they
wcie talking for infoimation ; he would be ready in a day
oi two to do what was demanded of them; but, before he
signed any papers with him—as he would not admit their
chimin in the treat}'—he should make and sign a treaty ex-
jjfi'Niive of them, and who were masters of the land.
" On the 8th of August, they sent for the assent and General
Jackson, and expressed a determination,before they yielded
up and signed away their lands, to grant, as a mark \>f na-
tional gratitude, a donation, for his distinguished sei vices,
to the General ; and to Colonel Hawkins and his family, to
whom they owed n:'jr*h, and whose children were natives
of then land; to the two interpreters, one of whom had all
hw propcity destroved, [VIi Cornells;] and, m the wstru-
!, meat winch they would sign, to express their claims under
I thetennsof peace offered.' '
i The letter from which I have caused an extract
j to be read, was a letter written by the agent of the
! United States on the 1st of August, ls!5, in an-
swer to an inquiry made by the War Department
' for the purpose of ascertaining the character and
nature of this very claim. He there gives the
history of the negotiation, the prominent point of
: which is the construction given to the treaty by
j General Jackson extending his powers to taking
1 lands, not only from the hostile Indians, to bear
j the expenses of the war, but for political purposes,
1 takiosr eight millions of acres from our allies, the
; friendly Creeks. Tins was meting out to the )n-
i dians a strange kind of justice; it was a'strange
; method of complying with what was agreed upon
, with General Pmckney, that their rights should
be respected. It was the kind of respect paid by
the stronger to the weaker party, where it is the
misfortune of the weaker party to have its rights
and fortunes determined by considerations of the
interest or policy of the stronger parly. Here was
a case in which lands were taken from the Creeks
notoriously for the purpose of indemnifying us
for the expenses of the war, and in running the
line, we usurp and take by force, for a political
purpose, the hmds of our allies. Genera! Jackson
said he would give lands between the forks of the
Coosa and Tallapoosa as on equivalent. But
Colonel Mitchell says they expressed themselves
dissatisfied with this. That was the cause of
complaint, and it was this equivalent for the
$ 60,00l) to which t':e drawing of the lines has
reference. There is another tiling shown by the
letter of General-Pmckney of April 22f3, 1814.
There was then no question about the object of
the treaty of IB]4, and that the Government was
under obligations to indemnify the Indians for
lands. But as the powers of General Jackson
did not extend to making them an equivalent for
the eight millions of land taken frojn them, they
stated that they wanted a document signed which
