1464
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 25,
would express their dissatisfaction with that ar-
rangement; and the agent said it struck h>m as
strange that he should take eight millions of acres
from the friendly Creeks. They said they re-
garded the lands in the forks of the Coosa ana
Tallapoosa as not an equivalent for the lands taken
from them. I will refer to the document of 1814
as illustrating the same idea.
Now, Mr. President, it must be remembered
that during the whole time of the negotiation which
finally did not assume the form of a treaty, !iut of
an ordinary military capitulation, it was statad on
its face, in the arrangement made between the Uni-
ted States and the hostile Creeks, when, in point
*of fact, it was known that but one hostile chief
was present at the negotiation. They sa*
"Finding that General Jackson, in drawing t'io imes
around our country, to retain so much of that conquered
* from the hostile Indians as he deemed just, found it neces-
sary, for political motives and purposes, to run a line within
which there is a great quantity of lands, actually our prop-
erty, for which he, as an equivalent, leaves to u-* the con-
quered Indiana3 lands between Coosa and TaIlapoo:-a. We
do not deem the exchange as an equivalent. It shall not,
however, interfere with running the line, as we relvon the
jusiiec of the United State* to cause justice to be done us.
And, on these conditions, we request that General I'inck-
iiey's letter of the 23d of April, to Colonel Hawkin®. and
the answer theieto, of the 2oUi, be sent on with the treaty,
which we will sign after delivering thin instrument.'*
With regard to these reports of the committees,
the first was that based on the letter of the 23d of
April, referring to the different classes! of claims.
It stated the two conditions on which they sus-
tained the treaty of August, 1814. It is plain,
therefore, that the $60,000 which it was supnosed
the chiefs would have taken at the date of the
treaty, had reference to the land claim, and not to
any claim for spoliations; and this is the claim
which the Committee on Claims, in 1824, thought
had been submitted to them instead of th*- claim
for spoliations. The Committee on Claims in
1824, say:
That the claim, on the part of the friendly Cr^ek In-
dians, is to an indemnity lor certain lo-^e* which thev sus-
tained from hostile Indians of their own tube during the
Creek war, ami is founded upon an instrument delivcied
by them to General Jackson, on the Uth ot August, ]RJ4;
by which thev complain that in ; urniing the line to retain
lands conquered from the hostile Indians, he iun it in such
a manner as to Jake a quanritv of the lands of the friendly
Indians, for which no equivalent was afforded ; and ex-
press their reliance on the justice of the United States to do
them justice."
I stated that the committee, in 1824, did not un-
derstand the character of the claim submitted to
them. The claim submitted to that committee was
one which asked indemnity for spoliations. Their
houses were burned, their cattle were driven away
and destroyed, and here, as I have shown, the
committee of 1824 state that the land claim was
the claim which was considered before them, and
it was for this land claim that the Indians them-
selves were satisfied with $00,000. But it is ex-
ceedingly strange, that if the committee of J824
relied upon the Jrtterof Mr. Hawkins, they could
not also ha\e taken a statement which went far
over the $60,000, especially considering that the
report was admitted to be imperfect from the na-
ture of the case, and requiring his successor to
complete it. I>y the letter of Colonel Hawkins,
it was shown that, instead of this claim amount-
ing to only $00,000, the amount was $195,000, on
which was paid the sum of $85,000. From the re-
port of the committee, in 1824, it appears that that
committee totally misconceived the character of the
claim which was submitted to them. The Creeks
had two claims—one for indemnity for their lands
which were taken, and for which they accepted
$60,000 as an equivalent: and the otherartsingout
of spoliations to their other property*, and they
ask that they should be indemnified for the loss
sustained in the destruction of that property during1
the war. It was by the committee of 1824 con^
founding these two claims together, that the chair-
man of the Committee on Finance has fallen into
the misconception of the case which he has.
Sir, there are many other documents winch
would fortify this view of the case, but these
claims are proverbially of so little general interest,
and it is so difficult to command the attention of
honorable Senators upon claims which possess so
little general interest, that I will forbear further to
press upon the attention of the Seriate other mat-
ters. Having adverted to the known facts of the
case, to show that it was originally founded upon
the promise pf the Government that the stipula-
tion of J8J4 was made on the faith of this promise;
that an agent was sent, for that purpose, to ascer- t.
tain the amount of the claim due, and that Con- ;!
gress had paid forty cents upon the dollar on the jj
claim, leaving an unliquidated balanceof $110^,000. i<
' I haveshown that the reportof thecommittee, m ||
1824, was founded on agross misconception of the jj
character of the claims referred to them; that the ;i
Indians had two claims; that the claim for land !|
was submitted to Congress, in 1824, but that the
claim for spoliation was not; that the Govern-
ment recognized the appropriation, made in 1817,
as an imperfect satisfaction, and ordered a pro rata
distribution of that sum. These constitute the
leading and prominent facts of the case, and, in
my opinion, are unanswerable.
"Without detaining the Senate further with the
consideration of the case, I shall now submit the
amendment.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 desire to say one word as j
to the fact upon which the Senator from Arkan- 1,
sas rests his argument. He says the allowance j,
was made, and the estimate of Colonel Hawkins jj
was made, on the supposition that it was to com-
pensate the Creeks for their lands only. On the
contrary, it appears by the letter of Colonel
Hawkins, referred to in the report of the Commit-
tee on Ways and Means, in the House, in 1824,
that he referred to their claims of every descrip-
tion. He says:
"I believe, at the time of drawing the lines of the treaty,
$60,000 would have been leccived as an equivalent. The
Indians of Tookaubatchee were the mo^t taithlul, and the
gieatest sufferers; their town was besieged for eight days,
and, when they had to retreat, it was destroyed with "ail
their property but what they could carry off when they re-
treated to Coweta. Home ot Coosaude, Tuskegee, Coweta, j ]
and Tallahassee had their houses hui tied, and their Ptock j
and provisions debtiojed; some tew to a considerable j
amount, but mostly to a tuvial one." j |
I refer to this, to prove that the estimate was \
designed tb^cover claims of every description; be- j>
cause it is not a very certain and clear matter that 'j
they were entitled to indemnity for the land. If! I
it was, who would say that $60,000, or even
$85,000, was a sufficient indemnity for eight mil- ;j
lions of acres? Here was a "war in which the ij
tribe engaged, and when the United States made ji
peace with them, they ordered the commissioners j!
to exact an indemnity in the shape of lands, and j i
in exacting it some losses fell on the friendly In- ij
dians; and for the purpose of satisfying them, not ji
perhaps because the Government thought the tribe, j!
in its tribal character, was not responsible for the ]|
injuries inflicted, but for the purpose of satisfying
and compensating that portion of the tribe which j1
was friendly to this Government, it was disposed !i
to give them such amounts as it thought would be jj
enough to settle all their claims of every descnp- ;;
tion. That was estimated at $85,000, and that;
sum was appropriated. Colonel Hawkins thought r
a less amount would have satisfied them. 1 think !'
some further evidence as to some larger claims -
came in, after the report of Colonel Hawkins was j
made, and the committee determined to bi- libeial '
in the matter, and thought they were making <i
liberal settlement when they appropriated £85,000
to be paid to those Indians.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. The very language m
which Colonel Hawkins alluded to that claim, '
shows that it had reference to the land,and not to
the claim for losses. He says, " i believe, at the
time of drawing the lines of the treaty, $60,000
would have been received asan equivalent." Now, i
this expression, "asan equivalent,"occursin two ,j
other documents. It occurs m a previous part of
this letter, and shows to what it applies. He says
that they complamcd that the exchange of land !;
for the 8,000,000 of acres which were taken from
them, was not an equivalent; and this was an ob- '
struction which they urged against the signing of
the treaty; and it will appear from the letter of
Colonel Mitchell, that months before the signing I
of the treaty, they had been taking an inventory ,
of these very claims, so that they constituted no
cause of complaint at the time of the treaty. But '
the fact that 8,000,000 of acres of land had been
taken from allies and friends of the United States, i:
for which they did not think they had received an ::
equivalent in the lands given in exchange, was the
cause of the murmurs which delayed the treaty
from the 8th to the 9th of August, before they ■,
finally signed it. It is further shown in the in-
strument which they signed on the 9th of August, !,
and which 1 have read to the Senate, and in which 1
they say it is for the purpose of expressing their ii
dissatisfaction at thatpointof the treaty, that they
did not regard the exchange as an equivalent.
Here is the very phraseology used in the letter of
Colonel Hawkins, in which he says that $60,000
would have been taken as an equivalent at the
time of drawing the lines of the treaty, showing
distinctly that it was the spoliations upon their
lands,taking 8,000,000 at one fell swoop, for which
they supposed they received no equivalent at all,
in the forks of Coosa and Tallapoosa, to which
they had reference when they speak of $60,000 as
an equivalent. These other claims were based
upon a letter of April 23d, and that was not the
subject of contest at the time; so far from that,
for months preceding, under instructions of Mr.
Pinckney, the agent of the United States, they had
been making an inventory of their claims, prepar-
atory to the capitulation of Fort Jackson, in 1814.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I desire to make an-in-
quiry of the Senator from Arkansas. I wish to
ascertain what commission, or what individual,
made the assessment of damages for each indi-
vidual, according to the document to which he has
referred, of 1817; and, further, to ascertain, if I
can, whether the assessment of damage for these
various Indians had been made before or subse-
quent to the appropriation of the $85,900 that was
made to satisfy their claims. If the gentleman
can give me information on these points, I will
thankfully reccive it.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I can answer the Senator
on these points. The schedule by which the
amount of loss sustained by each individual was
ascertained, was, in part, accomplished by an
agent residing in the country during the war, who
was Colonel Hawkins. He made a report, which
was on the files of the Department at the time of
the appropriation, by which he estimated that
$100,000 would probably be sufficient. He states
that his report was veiy imperfect, from the na-
ture of the case, because many of the Indians had
not come in from their fall hunt, and the estimate
could not be completed until they had come in. In
1817, by the law of March 3d, the appropriation
was made. On the 20th of March of that year,
the Department transmitted the amount of money
to the successor of Colonel Hawkins—Colonel
Hawkins had died, and Colonel Mitchell was ap-
pointed his successor—and instructed him to with-
hold the money until he should take an inventory
of ail the claims, and then to distribute it pro rata.
among them, bceause, say the Department, it is
possible that there are other persons entitled to the
benefits of the law whose losses may not have been
ascertained at the time of the appropriation. I
have the reports of the agents, and the instruc-
tions issued to them, establishing these facts. The
report of the successor of Colonel Hawkins was
made in April, 1818. I can now answer the Sen-
ator from Kentucky precisely. For the purpose
of making this abstract of claims, it appeals that
the Indians had been assembled together at three
different councils; one was before the date of this
report, the second was upon the first of July, 1847,
and the other was upon the first of January, 1818.
The different agents, it appears, had to resort to
three different councils before they could get all
the warriors and braves of the nation to come be-
fore them and make out a schedule of the claims.
From the list furnished, it appears that it was
made out nt three different times; nnd the entire
aggregate of the claims thus ascertained was the
basis upon which was distributed, rateably, the
generrl approprirtion of 1817. It was confined
neither to the class of those who first, second, or
third in order assembled, and gave in their claims,
but was distributed among the whole batch of
them nt different times, so that each one of the
claimants received upon his claim forty cents to
the dollar.
Mr. DAWSON. Will the Senator, at this par-
ticular point, explain what influence the treaty
which was made with this friendly tribe of In-
diansun 1821 or 1822 had upon the claims of the
Indians against the Government of the United
States ?
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I can answer the question.
The treaty of Indian Springs was made m 1825.
It was the first made by the Government, with the
Creeks, in which they ceded all their territory east
of the Mississippi. It was made by that portion
of the party that h&d generally adhered to the for-
tunes of the United States in the war of 1814. It
caused such dissatisfaction to the hostile Creeks
