1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1465
that they rose and murdered a great many of the
friends of General "William Mcintosh. A treaty-
was then made, in 1826, in which the United
States se't aside the treaty of Indian Springs,as
having been made without the authority of the
nation, but still stipulated for a cession of the ter-
ritory, and in the fourth article $100,000 was stip-
ulated to be paid to General Mcintosh and his
followers. That appropriation was paid—a por-
tion of it at the time, and a portion about two
years since—and has been distributed among them.
Mr. DAWSON. The question which I asked
was, whether this claim was not then presented
and adjusted under that treaty?
Mr,"SEBASTIAN. I have examined all the
treaties made between the Government and the
Creeks since then, to see if this claim was alluded
to in any shape at all.
Mr. DAWSON. Was it ever presented ?
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I find that it does not ap-
pear on the face of any treaty made since that time.
I will further state to the Senator from Georgia,
that the treaties made between the United States
and the Creek Indians since 1817, when this ap-
propriation was made, have always been made—
except the solitary treaty of 1825—with a large
majority of the nation who have never been friend-
ly to, or taken any active influence in, prosecuting
the claims of the friendly Creek Indians. These
claimants have presented themselves before Con-
gress, but could not awaken any interest among
the majority of their nation, for the purpose of in-
sisting on their claims at the time of the formation
of the different treaties.
Mr. DAWSON. What I desire to know is,
whether, in trhe treaty made at Indian Springs with
Mcintosh and his portion—the friendly portion—
of the tribe, this claim was then presented by Mc-
intosh, the chief of the friendly Indians, to the
commissioners, and asked to be considered?
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I have no evidence that it
was then presented. It is not alluded to on the
face of the treaty.
Mr. DAWSON. No evidence that it was ever
asked for by them r
Mr. SEBASTIAN. No evidence at all. On
the contrary, since 1825, when the treaty of Indian
Springs was made, I find, by reference to a report
from the Indian Bureau, that the Indians have been
pressing this matter before Congress at several
times since that period, showing that they have
never received satisfaction for, and have never
abandoned the claim.
Now, Mr. President, a solitary fact to which I
wish to call the attention of the Senate, and upon
which the Senator from Virginia relies so strongly,
is this, tint m the statement of Colonel Hawkins
we are told that $60,000, paid on the drawing of
the lines of the treaty, would have been taken as
an equivalent. That it had no reference at all to
the claim now before the Senate, is evident from
the fact, that whatever credit may have been given
to this agent of the United States—and I admit he
had most ample means of information, for he had,
as the Indians t?ay in the solemn declaration which
they signed previous to the signing of the capitula-
tion, grown gray in their service, and they wishing
to give him some testimonial of their gratitude had
a reservation made for him of three square miles,
which was stipulated in the treaty—this statement
of his was made on the29th of August, 181.V, and
in April, 1816, but a few months afterwards, he
made the estimate by which he said $100,000, he
presumed, would be enough, and advised that
amount, at least, to be appropriated, but stated
that the schedule of claims was necessarily imper-
fect on account of the hunters and warriors not
being in from the fall hunt. So that whatever
credit mav have been accorded to the statements
of this agent, on account of his great experience
and thorough knowledge of all the facts, we have
a ri^ht to resort to his subsequent declarations, in
which he estimates the amount as still larger, and
the statement of the subsequent agent of the Uni-
ted States, who completed and finally made out a
complete return and schedule of these claims. The
latter estimates the amount at $195,000, a d this
is the amount upon which the pro rata distribution
was made. I can, therefore, admit all that is con-
tended for by the Senator from Virginia, and the
utmost that could be mode out of the state of the
facts which is presented to the Senate would amount
to this: that one estimate amounted to £60,000;
that five months afterwards the same agent esti-
mated the amount at $100,000; and that, in a few
months after that, by the successor of that agent,
upon an actual statement of their claims in the pres-
ence of their chiefs, in which they were required
to state the articles destroyed and their value, the
whole amount of the claims was found to be
$195,000; and this is the only, the first and the
last, statement of the claims which was ever intro-
duced here as full and complete in its character. I
believe I have answered all the questions to which
the Senator from Virginia has alluded, and shall
not trouble the Senate any further.
Mr. BRODHEAD. 1 ask for the yeas and
nays on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HA^E. I propose the following as an
amendment to the amendment:
Provided, That no pait of tins appropriation shall be paid
to any one except to the Indian in person who may be
entitled to the same m cas o he or bhe be now living, or m
case of death to Ins or her children.
Mr. BORLAND. I approve of the object of
that proviso. 1 am in favor of having such a pro-
viso attached to all appropriations for the payment
of Indians. I do not think, however, the Senator
has made it sufficiently comprehensive. It pro-
vides only for the payment to the Indians them-
selves, or in case of death to their children. Now,
this is a debt due to the Indian, and is part of his
estate; if he should be dead, of couise it goes
to any of his heirs, no matter who they may be,
whether his children or any one else. If we un-
dertake to pay it at all as a debt, of course we must
pay it to any of the heirs who may be living. If
the Senator will say, instead of to the child, to
the legal heirs," I think it will meet the case.
Mr. HALE. 1 have no objection to saying
"his widow or child." My object is to prevent
this constituting a fund to be bought up by spec-
ulators and agents. That is all 1 have in view.
I would modify it by saying "to his widow or
child."
Mr. BORLAND. Say " to his heirs."
Mr. BRODHEAD. Say " heirs-at-law."
Mr. HALE. 1 object to " heirs-at-law." That
would bring in a set of persons whom I want to
keep out. 1 suppose assignees are heirs at law.
Several Senators. No ! no !
Mr. HALE. They would be legal represent-
atives; I do not want to put them in.
Several Senators. Put in " to his widow,
children, or hens-at-law."
Mr. HALE. Well, I h ave no objection to
that.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I have not the slightest
objection to the proviso which the Senator pro-
poses. I hope it maybe adopted. It can have
no practical application, however, in this case;
and I rneiely avail myself of the occasion which
the Senator "has oilWed to say tliat this claim is
piesented here by the intervention of no agent or ;
attorney whatever, except the agent of the United 1
States; and 1 shall regard the vote upon this amend- j
ment as at least solving one problem, and that is, '<
whether it is possible for a claim of this character ;
to get through without the intervention of paid 1
attorneys or agent^ for this has hren presexited
under other auspices altogether.
Mr. BADGER. 1 am exceedingly i^lad that
the Senator from New Hampshire has offered this ■
amendment to the amendment. I am decidedly ;
in favor of the original amendment; and the pro- .
posed modification of it which he offers will re- j
move the only objection I can ha\e to it. It will
then be put in a shape that the money will be in-
sured to the parties who are entitled to it, whose
fidelity the Government intended to reward; an
engagement which T think we ought to carry into
effect: but we should adopt measures to pi event ,
any portion of it—and certainly to prevent the j
larger portion of it, which happens to he the case !
nowadaj'S—from stopping, in its transit, in the ,
hands of agents.
The amendment to the amendment, as modified,
is as follows:
Provided, Tnat no pa:tof tins appropriation shali be paid
to any one except to the Indian in prrson who may be en-
titled to the >-ame, m ea^e lie or she be now hvnis, or, in ,
ca-e oi death, to his widow, children, or heirs at-iavv. :
The amend ment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PEARCE. I do not mean to occupy the
attention of the Senate long; but I am unwilling
that the vote shall be taken on this amendment
without stating briefly the reasons which induce ,
me to oppose it. These claims are not founded j
upon any treaty. They rest on a demand made
by the claimants at the time of the execution of
the treaty; which demand Congress  eemed to
consider as constituting an equitable .claim upon
us, and that equitable claim they seem to have
fully satisfied by the appropriation - which they
made in 1817, to an amount exceeding that which
the then Indian agent thought the Indians would
be well satisfied with at the time they made the
demand. Now, these claims are spoken of as
liquidated claims.
Mr. BORLAND. Will the Senator from Mary-
land permit me to make one remark ? I desire to
call his attention to one fact. Theanpount of
$60,000 which Colonel Hawkins states to have
been the amount with which the Indians would
have been satisfied when the lines of the treaty
were drawing, refers altogether, as my colleague,
I think, has clearly shown, to any claims they
might have had with regard to the amount of
lands given them in exchange for those which
they had given up. If the Senator will refer to
the treaty—he will perceive Colonel Hawkins's
letter refers to it—he will find nothing said about
any claims except with regard to the lands. It
does not refer to any other claims whatever.
These claims for losses of property are not men-
tioned in it. It provides only for the disposition
of the lands.
Mr. PEARCE. I think it appears from the
document whicft the Senate have before them,
that the £>60,000 does refer to the claims for in-
demnity.
Mr. SEBASTIAN- Will the Senator allow
me to correct him in one mistake. This claim
was made at the date of the treaty. It was not
founded upon the treaty, but was urged as an
equitable claim againsttheGovemmentafterwarde.
I wish to remind the Senator that the treaty was
made August 1, 1814. This claim is founded on
the letter of April 23d of that same year. It has
the sanction of the treaty, for it was a letter of
General Pinckney to Colonel Hawkins, who was
in the confidence of the friendly Creeks, stating
the terms on which peace would be made, and
asking the intervention of the friendly Creeks as
messengers to the hostiles to get them to come up
and capitulate, telling them for that purpose, and
as an inducement to these new exertions of theirs
in favor of peace, that in the arrangement of the
ceded territory their claims for land would be re-
ceived, in addition to which their warriors would
be pensioned, and all their property lost or de-
stroyed during the war, would be paid to them.
That was some five or six months before the cap-
itulation. As soon as they received these terms,
they set about to bringing in the hostile Creeks,
and they resulted in the capitulation of 1814.
They relied on the letter of Colonel Hawkins so -
exclusively, that they never mentioned it, except
to have it attached to the treaty. The claim they
urged was a claim for an equivalent for the differ-
ence between the eight millions of acres of land
taken from them and that which they received,
which they repudiated as such. The claim for
which this appropriation is asked, arises from the
letter, previous to the treaty of General Pinckney
of April 23d, and did not form the subject of con-
troversy at the tune of the treaty.
Mr. PEARCE. That makes no difference in
the view which I take of the matter. I only want
to show that these claims are not founded upon
a freaty stipulation. In relation to the claims to
which the $60,000 are applicable, I find in the
letter of Colonel Hawkins this language:
" Fart of the vouchers were tr.ken by Mr. Ca$peday,th<?
General's secretary, and the remainder, ?iven in since to
a^i?tant atrynt at Coweta, which I have ordered on
her''. Whatevr they may bt, I wi!i forward them as
soon a? le^eived. I believe, at the time of drawing the
line? of tiiC treaty. £60,000 would have been received as an
equivalent "
As an equivalent for what3 For these claims
for which vouchers had been given, not as an
equivalent for the eight millions of acres of land,
which had been taken from them. Certainly, it is
not to be considered as an rquivalent for that land.
I understand that the lands situated in the fork of
the rivers mentioned by the Senator from Ar-
kansas, were granted to the friendly Creeks as an
equivalent for the lands belonging to them, which
were included in the cession of the whole tribe. I
think it is verv clear from, this letter of the Indian
agent, who speaks of the destruction of the prop-
erty in their towns, that it was not land for which
