2330
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 25,
tieth, of what would go through the mail by a
regular system, now goes through it. It is car-
ried by private conveyance along the route. The
consequence is, that the revenue derived by the
Department from the route, is very small; and as
the Department considered it to be its duty to
regulate the amount paid for transportation by
the amount raised as revenue, it has considered
that,the amount raised in this case was so small,
under the present system, as not to justify their
entering into the new system; and it has declined
to contract for the service. The amendment pro-
poses to give the Post Office Department the au-
thority of law, and to require the exercise of that
authority, in overcoming the difficulty under which
we all labor so much in the West; for the Missis-
sippi river, and that portion of the Ohio below
Louisville, being the great trunks from which we
draw the mails to our interior, let us have as good
a system as you may in the interior, let the mails
there be carried as regularly as you please, yet if
the service upon the great trunks is irregular, the
interior supplies must necessarily be so.
There can be no question—for it is, I believe,
the unanimous opinion of practical men in all that
region 'of the country:—that if the system was
changed, in accordance with my proposed amend-
ment, the revenues of the Department would not
only become doubled in less than a year, but
quadrupled, and perhaps increased tenfold. Asl
stated some time ago, we have no mail line upon
this route at all, but merely agents at different
points on the river.
Mr. SEWARD. I desire to ask the honorable
Senator if there is any mail carried on the river at
all, and to what extent?
Mr. BORLAND. The mail is carried upon the
rivers upon a system which makes it exceedingly
irregular, and confuses the correspondence and
business transactions of that region of the country
in this way: Instead of putting out the mail ser-
vice, as is usual upon all other routes, to contracts,
mail agents are appointed who reside at particular
points on the river, and they contract with boats
as they pass along for the transportation from
point to point. Irregularity results in the follow-
ing manner: The boats on the Mississippi run
irregularly; that is, some run fast and some
slow. Some are engaged in the coasting trade,
and some rapidly pass from point to point. The
mail agent, therefore, puts the mail to-day upon
a slow boat which coasts along. Two or three
days a fast boat passes directly from one point to
another, and he puts the mail on it containing let-
ters written some three or four days subsequently
to the former, and they reach their destination
first.
Mr. SEWARD. I take an interest in the sub-
ject, and desire to know what remedy the Sena-
tor proposes ?
Mr. BORLAND. The remedy is to require
the Postmaster General to put the mail on this
route on the same footing as that on other routes.
Mr. BELL. I ask the attention of the Senate
for a moment or two upon this subject. I observe
that the amendment proposes to include a daily
route between Nashville and Cairo. I suggest to
the honorable Senator from Arkansas to strike
that out, because, in speaking upon this subject,
I want to seem to stand totally disinterested. I
suppose he wilt have no objection to doing that.
Mr. BORLAND. I have no objection to it.
That more directly affects the State which the
Senator represents, and he is better acquainted
with the necessities of that portion of the country
than I am.
Mr. BELL. I undertake to be responsible for
striking out that part of the proposition; but I
hope to win the favorable attention of honorable
Senators here to the amendment.
Mr. BORLAND. Then I will modify my
amendment by striking out the words " from
Nashville to Cairo."
Mr. BELL. I desire to say a few words in
relation to this subject. I desire that clause to be
stricken out, not because we have no interest in
such a line, for we have a considerable interest in
having it; but there is a considerable trade between
middle Tennessee and New Orleans, the great
depot and metropolis of the southwestern States,
and a pretty large trade between Nashville and
that section of the country. That is a trade in
which we have a direct interest, and hence we
have a very considerable interest in having some
regular line of communication between the coun-
try on the waters of the Cumberland, or in Middle
Tennessee, and the city of New Orleans, for the
purpose of carrying on our trade with safety and
dispatch, and to have our communication regular.
But, sir, the whole country on the Mississippi
river, from St. Louis to New Orleans, has a deep
interest in this measure; and we in Tennessee are
not so much interested in having a daily mail from
Nashville to Cairo, as in having a semi or tri-
weekly mail to Cairo, if we can have an assurance
that it will get from Cairo to New Orleans regu-
larly, and that our communication from New Or-
leans will be received at Nashville in any reason-
able time, or any time to be calculated upon by our
business men—the planters and farmers, &c.
Our communications now between that whole
country and New Orleans by mail, are at some
seasons liable to be delayed three weeks, and even
a month, before we can have any communication.
Our overland mails are obstructed by deep
waters, not only in Tennessee, but in the State of
Mississippi; and if you happen to reach Mem-
phis, you have no regular communication between
that place and New Orleans, or any intermediate
port below. Here is this great inland sea, I may
properly call it, where it is perfectly practicable
to have a daily communication from Louisville to
Cairo, and from St. Louis to Cairo, and then to
New Orleans. Leave out the country I am imme-
diately interested in, and I repeat, although we
should have only a mail to Cairo twice a week, it
would be a great boon to know that when the
mail reached Cairo, it would connect with a daily
line to New Orleans, and that the mail from New
Orleans to Cairo would regularly arrive there daily.
We could then well wait two or three days, where-
as, as the thing now stands, we have to wait
sometimes three or four weeks.
I call upon honorable Senators to say, whether
there is any other portion of the country, where
such an extensive commerce is carried, which is
similarly situated with regard to the mails, or is
there anything like it? No, sir; it is unparalleled
in the condition of the country and postal arrange-
ments. It is eminently unjust, if it be in the power
of the Government, by a reasonable expenditure,
to supply greater mail facilities to the commerce
of that portion of the country.
It is said that the Postmaster General is opposed
to this proposition. I should like to have the au-
thority of any gentleman to say that he is opposed
to it. I have heard it said that it is known to hon-
orable members of the Senate that the Postmaster
General is opposed to it. I undertake to deny that
he is opposed to any such establishment of any
such a line. I undertake to deny it, not that I
have had any communication with that officer
recently upon the subject; but a year or two ago, I
know 1 urged upon him, in the strongest manner,
the facts which I have alluded to to-day, and my
recollection is, that he admitted the truth of all I
said, from the information which he had. He
admitted that the mode which was adopted, of
putting the mails upon any transient boat that
came along, did not afford regular and daily com-
munication, or even a communication every two
days upon the Mississippi. It depended upon
whether the boat got along at the proper time, and
whether it made the trip without accident or delay.
But the Postmaster General said it is too large a
discretion; that it will require too large an allow-
ance of funds; that he had estimated a fair propor-
tion for the mail facilities already-given to the
West and Southwest; that it would be going be-
yond his limit to enter into this plan; and he
thought proper to exercise his discretion in favor
of all sections of the country, but he must have a
warrant of law for this. What he wants is to be
authorized by law to make the expenditure that
may be necessary to establish such a line.
Suppose it should cost $5,000, or $100,000, or
$150,000 a year—I do not know what it would
cost; I did at that time have some estimates fur-
!; nished me by practical men—would not the object
i1 to be accomplished be worth more than that? I
i| repeat, that all the Postmaster General wants, is
■j the wanant of law to establish the daily line, and
j] then he will do it as an act ofjustice to the West,
i I propose to strike out the route from Nashville
j| to Cairo, not because it does not contain what we
j! would like to have, but I want to show that the
j! great thing#we want is a daily line upon the Mis-
il sissippi, even if we have none upon the Ohio.
You may leave out Louisville. If we only get
the daily line upon the Mississippi we shall feel
secure. Our letters then would be received from
New Orleans in something like an approximation
to the true time in which they could be brought.
I appeal to every gentleman from this section of
the union, whether the mails are not often de-
layed three and four weeks in getting from New
Orleans to some of the principal towns upon the
interior waters—I mean the tributaries of the Mis-
sissippi—where there is no regularity, no certain
reliance upon getting your communication regu-
larly at all ? We have overland mails, but they
are liable to the interruptions which I have stated.
I trust, in view of the enormous amounts al-
lowed from time to time in the establishment of
lines upon the sea, upon the Atlantic ocean, be-
tween ports upon the Atlantic ocean—we do not
scruple, we do not stintour appropriations and limit
them to $50,000, or $150,000, or $950,000 there,
but we go the length of millions—that we will pro-
cure better facilities for the Mississippi. But I do
not put it upon that ground. I appeal to the com-
mon justice of the members of the Senate to say
whether, upon such a great line of communication
as the Mississippi, where it is perfectly practica-
ble to have a daily conveyance of the mail, we
ought not to have a daily mail? I make this ap-
peal from my personal knowledge and deep inter-
est in this matter—I do not mean personal as
regards individuals, but I allude to my personal
knowledge of the country. The interests of the
States on the Mississippi, Ohio, and Cumberland,
and Tennessee, from St. Louis downwards, re-
quire that we should have the daily communica-
tion proposed by the amendment; and I suppose
even beyond St. Louis it would be a great desider-
atum in the facilities to the trade and commerce
of the country. I care not what may be the cost
of establishing it, providing it be within a reason-
able sum. I think $100,000 or $200,000 a year
ought to be granted for the purpose.
Mr. BRADBURY. I understand the law au-
thorizes the Postmaster General to make the con-
tract for the transportation of the mail over the
route proposed. If it is wrong for him to make
the contract, he ought not to do it. If he ought
to make it, and refuses to do it, it would seem
that it was maladministration; and I would sug-
gest to the honorable Senator from Arkansas, that
we expect, when the new Democratic Administra-
tion comes into power on the 4th of March next,
that actual evils will be removed. If this is one
of those evils, a remedy will be found.
But the amendment will introduce somewhat a
new principle on the subject of post routes. At
any rate, I think there would be danger in passing
a law compelling the Postmaster General to make
a particular contract. It would then place the
Department in the power of steamboat owners,
who would fix their own terms; for no limit is
prescribed in the amendment. Now, I submit
whether we are prepared, in the haste of passing
a bill of this kind, to ingraft a principle by which
we place the Department at the feet of steamboat
owners. Again: if we commencethe introduction
of a compulsory obligation of this kind into the
bill, every Senator, and every member of the
House, who has a road where he has been denied
what he regards as a privilege which ought to be
j granted, will insist upon a like provision, and we
i shall thus load down the bill. I think the proposi-
tion had better be considered at a time when we
shall have a better opportunity to consider it.
Mr. BORLAND. I dislike to consume the
time of theSenate, but I do think that two orthree
words will satisfy the honorable Senator from
Maine on this point. I expressed the opinion
that the general law, as it exists, does confer this
power upon the Postmaster General. There is
this objection which is made at the Department
to his exercising the authority: That the amount
of revenue derived from the mails upon these
routes has not heretofore justified the Department
in paying the amount of money which would be
required to have the servicc performed in the man-
ner proposed. I thought the Department was
mistaken, and I have undertaken, from time to
time, through three Administrations, to get them
to take a different view of it; but, under what the
Department considered to be its duty when the
revenue is so small, they have felt unwilling and
unauthorized to change the system. But, as I
stated, the small amount of revenue has been the
