1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
555
estimates made bv the Department in November and De-
cember laot: And provided, The Secretary considers the
estimates tail and reasonable ; and so much of said law as
authorizes the construction of a basm and railway is hereby
repealed: Provided, That, before making any contract, the
Secretary 01 the Navy shall give at least sixty days notice
by advancement in the usual way."
So, sir, this question with regard to a basin and
railway was decided at the lastsession. Sir, what
does the Secretary of the Navy say in his report to
the present Congress upon this matter?
''Agreeably to the act of the last session of Congress, a
modified contract was entered into with Messrs. Dankin &
Moody, and Gilbert & Secor, for the construction of a
floating sectional dock on the Bay of San Francisco, to h«>
completed and delivered for the sum of $610,000. This
work is understood to be in a course of speedy execution,
the contract requiring its completion in two years, from the
month of May last. Its prucise location cannot bo detei-
mined until the selection of a site tor a navy-vard on the
waters of that bay, for which purpose a commis&ion will
be sent out early m the ensuing spring. It vill be neces-
sary to provide a pier or basin to render this dock capable
of use. The location of the dock not yet being determined,
TSit Department histpones the question ok p refer.-
ENCJ? BETWEEN THESE TWO STRUCTURES UNTIL THE RE-
PORT OF THE PROPOSED BOARD SHALL BE RECEIVED AND
FULL LOCAL INFORMATION OBTAINED."
Yet this bill, without this proposed local inform-
ation, authorizes the construction of this basin and
railway, and the location of this navy-yard and
depot, with reference to its construction.
Mr. CLARKE. If the honorable Senator from
Pennsylvania will give way, as the time for the
consideration of private bills has arrived, I will
move to postpone the further consideration of this
subject.
The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator from
Pennsylvania give way ?
Mr. BRODHEAD. I would rather finish my
remarks now, if such is the pleasure of the Senate.
It is, however, immaterial to me.
Mr. DAVIS, (in his seat.) Let him go on.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from Penn-
sylvania will proceed.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Why, therefore, enter into
these contracts 
Mr. SHIELDS. If the honorable Senator will
permit me, I will suggest that I fear tins will occu-
py the whole day. j
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from Penn-
sylvania has the floor.
Mr. BRODHEAD. There seems to be a desire
to proceed to other business, and I 
Mr. SHIELDS. I am verv anxious to hear
the honorable Senator from Pennsylvania give
this subject a full investigation at an early day,
and if he will permit me, 1 will move its postpone-
ment for that purpose.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from Penn-
sylvania is entitled to the floor, and must not be
interrupted.
Mr. COOPER. I hope my colleague wil) give
way. _ ;
Mr. BRODHEAD. It is a matter of very great !
indifference to me, but perhaps what few remarks !
I have to make may as well be made now. j
Whv should Congress undertake to order {his !
dry dock to be constructed, and byceitain gentle- !
men who have a pment-right for it* We have a ;
Secretary of the Na\y; we have a Bureau of
Docks and Yards; we have a Bureau of Construe- 1
tion and Repairs; we have all the materiel and per-
sonnel necessary; and yet, whenever a dry dock is
required we must have a contractor to do it, while
the pay of our own officers goes on. We have :
engineers, artisans, constructors, everything of:
this kind, and yet, sir, contractors must be em- !
ployed. Why, one hall'of the time we do not
find out what is necessary for the naval service,
unless we are informed by gentlemen who desire i
contract*. I am opposed to all acts of Congress
providing for making contracts. Why, sir, this
contract system and these contractors have become
a kind of fourth estate. We ha\e now the three (
departments—the legislative, executive, and judi- !
eial; and I think we ought to have a fourth, and
that h, the contract department.
Mr. President, 1 have stated that this bnsin and
railway is wholly unnecessary and useless. We ,
have now more docks than tlaere is any necessity
for. How many ships have we to be repaired at
these docks—beta^se it is well known tnat they
are not constructed for building vessels, but only
for their repair—they were originally authorized,
in 1848, for the purpose of repairing ships of the
line? We have eleven ships of the iine,and dur-
ing the last three years we have expended three
millions of dollars for building these docks. Eleven
ships of the line to be repaired, once in three
years, and we have spent nearly a million of dol-
lars at Kittery, in Maine, nearly a million at Phil-
adelphia, and nearly a million more at Pensacola,
for these dry docks, and now a million and a half
more is asked for a basin and railway connected
with n dry dock in California. It is unnecessary
in California, because oar vessels will be repaired
upon the Atlantic coast. There are no materials,
sir, for constructing dry docks or repairing ves-
sels in California. They will all have to be taken
from the Atlantic border. Besides, provisions and
labor aie three or four times as dear in California,
and our vessels should therefore be repaired upon
the Atlauuc coast, and not upon the Pacific siae.
Mr. President, I ha\e some statistics upon the
subject o! these dry docks, by which I wish to
show to the Senate how much we have paid for
dry docks during the last three years, in fact since
the organization of the Government. Up to about
ten years ago, we had expended $1,652k£46 47 for
docks. We spent prior to the commencement of
the stone dock at New York that amount. We
then paid $2,146,255 36 for the stone dock at New
York, making, together with what had been pre-
viously expended, $3,798,701 83. Thus it appears
that previous to 1848 we had spent upwards of
three millions of dollars, nearly four millions, for
docks. Well, sir, in 1848 this new system com-
menced. Certain gentlemen had obtained a patent
for the kind of dock mentioned in this bill, and we
havepaidthem since thattime,$3,078,594. So, sir,
; we have spent, and given to this particukir set of
contractors, for this particular kind of dock, in op-
position to the decisions of the Navy Department,
nearly as much money ob has been spent from the
time of the organization of the Government up to
1848. We have expended %ix millions since the
commencement of the Government for docks, and
of that sum over three millions have been given to
these contractors, and that since 1848. These are
statistics which are taken from the Navy Depart-
ment, and I believe them to be correct, and they
are unanswerable.
Mr. President, it is said that it is necessary to
have tins work for our protection in time of war.
In time of war! What nation wants to go to
war with us ? We fought the battles of the Revo-
lution with three millions of people; snd we did
very well during the war of 1812 with about ten
millions, and without these dry docks, bosms and
railways. We arc not about to become armed
propagandists, saying to other people, " Ome, and
adopt our principles and institutions—come, be
brethren ot ours, or we will cut your throats!"
I do not think that is any part of the policy of this
Government. Our danger is nor from without,
but from within.
Mr. President, I have stated that these docks are
not only unnecessary, but useless. We have a
dry dock at Philadelphia. It was to be completed
and tested with a ship of the line last June; and
what does the Secretary of the Navy inform us?
Why, m December he said they had a dredging
machine for the purpose of preparing the dock to
receive a ship of the line, in order to have it tested.
And when it was taken off the bunds of the con-
tmctors, notwithstanding the work was so ob-
structed bv want of water, they said, "Givf; us
the money, it js not for u* to find Wi'ter." They
were right in what thev said, (*nd were not to
blame. Now, what 1 want to know* i<, whether a
dredging machine will not be constantly nffc-ssaiy
there to make the di y dork of any and whether
it will not be constantly filling up-«.fter u is dredged
out.
1 have stated, Mr President, that more than
three millions of dollars have been paid to tliese
contractors for this particular kind of dock, and
that, too, within the lost three years—since 1848;
and I will now (iive the item** in detail. They re-
ceived for budding a dry dock, basin and radway
at Kittery, in Maine, -£732,915; for building a
similar one at Philadelphia, $813,742; for building
one at Pensacola, f3921,937; and for a floating dry
dock alone at, San Francisco they are to receive
$•610,000, according ro the report of the Secretary
of the Navy ot the present session.
Now, sir, it is said that this floating dry dock
is useless without a connection with a basin and
railway. I deny that statement. I say that basins
and railways are entirely unnecessary in connec-
tion with a'dry dock; and I am sustained in this*
j position by the Secretary of the Navy. He says
that a pier is all that is necessary; and that alone
will cost only $50,000. A basin and railway will
cost from a million to a million and a half.
But there m anotiier fact which I wish to bring
to the notice of the Senate, to sustain the position
which I have assumed. This kind of dry dock
has been in use and patented for ten years, and a
basin and railway has never been connected with
one for the merchant service. This is an unan-
swerable fact. Merchants never think of making
use of the basin and railway. They use a pier,
which costs $50,000, instead of a million or a
million and a half. These, Mr. President, are the
large objections which I have to connecting basins
and railways with this dry dock authorized at the
lost session of Congress.
Another thing, Mr. President. This bill not
only proposes that these officers should receive
their regular pay, but that that pay shall be
doubled, and their expenses paid also. Sir, if that
is the way you are to pay the officers of the Na-
vy, who receive their pay whether they are on duty
or not, I shall be much mistaken. This bill also
provides that we are to pay for the land and for
the location the amount which may be awarded
by a jury in California. A jury in California is
to say not h.ow much the State of California is to
pay for the location, but how much the United
States is to pay for it. I rather think, sir, that it
will be a pretty large sum. It is true that the bill
provides that the district attorney shall approve
the award, and also that it shall be approved by
the Attorney General of the United States. Sir,
the district attorney lives in California, and the
Attorn y General of the United States Ihes here.
The bill also provides for a marine barracks.
What necessity is there for a marine barracks in
California? Iiow many marines will you have
to send there? Sir, we have only about nine or
ten hundred marines—perhaps eleven hundred
with the officers of a brigade—and we havealready
a marine barracks at Portsmouth, another at Bos-
ton, another at New York, anotiier at Philadel-
plia, another at Washington, another at Norfolk,
and another at Pensacola; and we are to have one •
more at San Francisco, although we have but
eleven hundred mariners, and more than three
fourths of them are on board our national vessels.
Sir, if this barracks is established at San Fran-
cisco, we will not have ten men to put into it.
These, however, are objections of minor import-
ance. My main objection i* to the amendments
proposed to this bill. I object cspeciolly to the pro-
visions of the amendment authorizing the construc-
tion of a basin and railway in connection with a
dry dock. We have expended money enough in
constructing docks recently. I have some objec-
tion to the details of this bill. They are of minor
consideration, it is true; but I will state them. I
have already shown that the Secretary of the Navy
has informed us that he has already the power to ,
appoint this board of officers to make this loca-
tion. A navy-yard may be necessary in Califor-
nia. I believe that it is; but we need not provide
for the appointment of a board of officers. The
Secretary of the Navy now has power to appoint
them.
Mr. CrVVlN. 1 will not continue this debate
now. I do not intend to intrude on the private
business set apart for this day; but I give notice
to the Senate, that if this bill goes over until Mon-
day. I will thc-n call it up, m order that I may
have an opportunity of replying to the speech of
the Senator from Pennsylvania. If it is the wish
of the Senate, 1 will proceed now; but I do not
wish to intrude on this day, which lias been set
aoart for private business. When 1 do speak, I
pledge myself not to leave the Senator from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Brophead,] for the argument
brought forward this morning, and which has
been so laboriously prepared, an inch of ground to
stand on; or, if I do not do this, some other mem-
ber of the Committee on Naval Affairs, much
more able than myself to discharge the duty, will.
The Senator's speech is a mere rehash of argu-
ments which have belln brought up time and again
in opposition to this system, and discredited by
both Houses of Congress. Why is it that the
Secretary of the Navy should know more in re-
gard to tins question than the Congress of the
United States, which has laboriously and thor-
oughly examined this question, and always over-
ruled their views, which, in my opinion, are nar-
