1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2831
result of the system which is in operation, in con-
sequence of the communication being so irregular
and so confused that the business men will not
send their correspondence through the mails, but
seek private hands for its conveyance; and, as I
am informed by persons connected with the ser-
vice upon the river, men whose interests are at
stake, at this time and for years past, not more
than one tenth or even one twentieth of proper
mail matter has gone through the mail. They
seek the communication by private hands; and, in
that manner, a large amount of revenue is lost
which would be derived, if the mails were carried
regularly, in which case everybody would seek the
mails as the most proper means of communication.
But the Senator from Maine says that there is no
limitation in the amendment. There is a limita-
tion. The PostmasterGreneral is required to issue
proposals, as he does in all other cases.
Mr. BRADBURY. There i-s no limitation in
regard to the amount of money he is to pay for the
service.
Mr. BORLAND. It is impossible to tell what
the price will be; but this I will say, proposals were
made long ago, and have been repeated from time
to time, to do the service for $100,000. In one
instance, I know the proposition was made to
carry the mail daily from Louisville to New Or-
leans for §40,000. It was refused, because, as the
Postmaster General said, the revenues from the
route were not sufficient to justify the payment of
that amount, though there is no doubt upon the
minds of business men on the routes, that if the
system was changed, and the proposition v/hich I
submit adopted, the revenues would be increased
tenfold within a year. The limitation is sufficient
that the service is to be put out under contract. A
competition will necessarily spring up at once, and
the service will be obtained for the lowest price.
The consideration which I have stated as weigh-
ing with the Department deprives us of the ad-
vantages which every other route in the United
States has. The Postmaster General does adver-
tise in other cases; this stands as an exception;
and as the Senator from Tennessee well said, if it
should cost $300,000, why object to it when you
are paying millions for the transportation of mails
elsewhere? The Postmaster General did not put
the service along the coast and upon other navigable
streams under a general law. You had to pass a
special law requiring and authorizing the service.
We now simply ask that the Mississippi river and
the Ohio river may be placed upon the same foot-
ing with all other streams and land routes in the
country, and nothing more. It proposes to put it
out at contract, not by a private arrangement, but
in a manner that will bring about a competition,
and secure the service at a reasonable rate.
Mr. Borland's amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
the amendments were concurred in and ordered to
be engrossed, and the bill was ordered to be read
a third time.
REMAINS OF WILLIAM T. BARRY.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I desire to ask the unan-
imous consent of the Senate to introduce a joint
resolution authorizing the President of the United
States to bring the remains of William T. Barry,
in a public vessel or otherwise, from England to
his late residence at Lexington, Kentucky. Barry
died very poor. He went out as Minister to
Spain, but when he got to England he died very
poor. Although he and I differed as wide as the
poles in politics, he was my personal friend and
my patron when I entered life. I always admired
and esteemed him as a man. In consequence of
a letter which I have received stating the facts, I
conferred with the President on this subject. He
says a resolution will be necessary to authorize
him to bring the remains to this country and trans-
port them to Lexington. I therefore ask the unan-
imous consent of the Senate to introduce the fol-
lowing joint resolution:
Resolved, $c., T3iat the Piesident of the United States be,
and hem hereby, authorized to have the lernains of Wil-
liam T. Barry, late Minister to Spain, brought to the United
States in a national ship, or otherwise, aRd to have them
tianspoited to Lexington, hi Kentucky.
licsoired. That the President he authorized to pay the
necessary expenses of executing the present resolution out
of any money m the Tieasury not otherwise appropriated.
No objection was made to the introduction of
the resolution, and it was read a first and second
time, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole. No amendment being proposed, it was
reported to the Senate, and ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading.
THE RAZEE INDEPENDENCE.
Mr. HALE. I desire to offer the following
resolution for consideration:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be directed to
inform the Senate the number of days the United States
razee Independence, the flag-ship of the Mediterranean
squadron, commanded by Charles VV. Morgan, was at sea,
atter her arrival at Naples on the 14th of September, 1849,
until she sailed thence for the United States on the 29th of
March, 1852; liovv many days said ship was at anchor in
the bay or harbor of Naples, and how long at Spezziaor
other ports during that period ; what portion of the aforesaid
two and a half years was parsed on shore, and how much of
it on board ship, by said Moigau; what is the estimated ex-
pense of a ship of the class of the Independence, properly
officered and manned, per day or per year; whether said
Morgan, without authority from the Department, while Ins
ship was lying at anchor in the Bay of Naples, chartered or
employed a merchant vessel to transport supplies for his
squadron from Spezzia to Naples, and whether the cost of
such transportation has been charged to the Government by
the order or approval of said Morgan; whether instructions
were given to said Morgan by the Department, or by any
bureau thereof, to practice his squadron in naval evolu-
tions or fleet-sailing, anil if so, whether said instructions
were obeyed ; whether he was duected to exercise his men
m target-firing, and if so, whether he complied with such
diiections, and to what extent; whether there is any tule
or regulation of the Department against naval officers trans-
posing female^, members of their families or otheit-, on
hoard ships-of-war of the United .States, and if so, whether
Commodore Morgan, or any oiticer under his command,
was guilty of a violation of such regulation ; whether the
broad pennant of Commodore Moigan was kept flying
during the peuod of his command m the Mediteiranean, or
was at any tune taken down, and if so, for what length of
time; whether Commodoie Morgan has been held to an-
swer for disobedience of ordeis, violations of regulations,
or neglect of duty, while in command ot the naval forces
of the United States in the Mediterranean, during the past
three yeais.
Mr. WELLER. The Senator seeks that in-
formation either for the purpose of sustaining a
spcech made in the other House a few days since,
or for the purpose of defending Commodore Mor-
gan against it. In either event, I object to its con-
sideration at this time, as I desire the printing bill
to be taken up.
MESSAGES FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives
was received by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announ-
cing that it had passed the bill from the Senate
entitled " An act to create an additional land of-
fice in the Territory of Minnesota."
A subsequent message announced that the
House of Representatives had passed the follow-
ing bills from the Senate:
An act granting to the State of Michigan the
right of way and a donation of public land, for
the construction of a ship-canal around the falls
of St. Mary, in said State; and
An act for the relief of John Moore White.
SECURITY1 ON BOARD STEAMERS.
A message was also received from the House
of Representatives, announcing that it had passed
the bill to amend an act entitled " An act to pro-
4 vide for the better security of the lives of pas-
' sengers on board of vessels propelled in whole
' or in part by steam," with various amendments.
On motion by Mr. DAVIS, the bill, with the
amendments, were referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. PRATT presented a memorial of citizens
of Baltimore, interested in vessels propelled by
steam, protesting against the passage of the bill;
which was also referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
PUBLIC PRINTING.
The hour of half-past two having arrived, the
Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, resumed
the consideration of the bill to provide for execu-
ting the public printing, and establishing the prices
thereof, and for other purposes.
Mr. SMITH. Three separate and distinct ac-
cusations—I call them indictments—werepreferred
against me in the*debate of this morning; and I
ask now, Mr. President, that I may be heard in
reply.
In that debate, I rose for the purposeof address-
ing the Senate on the merits of this bill; and I
meant to confine myself strictly to the considera-
tion of its merits. I did not travel out of the
record. I did not occupy the time of the Senate
by bringing charges of inconsistency against any
member of this body. But the Senator from In-
diana [Mr. Bright] chose to pursue a different
course. That Senator was in a great hurry to get
this bill through; he wanted to hush it up; and,
by way of expediting its passage, he undertook
to arraign me before the Senate, and before the
country, with having been guilty of gross incon-
sistency of conduct with respect to this bill. Th e
first inconsistency with which he charges me, is an
old acquaintance of mine. This is not the first
time that the Senator from Indiana has stood up
in his place, and made the same accusation against
me on that very point.
The first accusation is, that I, in the first session
of the last Congress, took the ground, in the
broadest terms, that the whole system of letting
out the printing of Congress and of the Depart-
ments, by contract, to the lowest ^bidder, was a
vicious system, and that it ought to be entirely
repudiated. I think it was no longer ago than
January, 1852, tnat the Senator made this very
charge against me; and I believe that he then read
the same extracts which he has read this morning
from the Congressional Globe, for the purpose of
supporting it. I replied to the charge then, and
I believe that my reply was satisfactory to every
one, except the Senator from Indiana. I conclude
it was not satisfactory to hjm, as the Senator re-
peats that accusation now, and exactly upon the
same grounds as upon the previous occasion. This
is what I call indictment number one. Then, not
satisfied with this accusation, the Senator, by way
of expediting the passage of the bill still further,
brings forward another charge of inconsistency.
He says that, as a member of the Committee on
Printing, I was willing to contract, and did con-
tract to let out the printing of the House of Rep-
resentatives and of the Senate, for the residue of
this Congress, on just about the same terms which
are mentioned m this bill, and that I now turn
round and state that those prices are exorbitant.
This is indictment number two. To support this
charge, he calls on my friend, the Senator from
Arkansas, [Mr. Borland,] to give his testimony;
and the Senator from Arkansas stands up and de-
livers his testimony in presence of the Seriate.
When I intimated, as I did, that I intended to ask
for a hearing on this second indictment, as well as
on the first, I thought it would take a consider-
able time to go into the whole question; and I be-
lieve I said that it might occupy half a day, as there
is very little doubt that it would, if I went into all
the facts. And then we have thrust on the country
and on the Senate another charge—that I am
making speeches here, not for legitimate discus-
sion , not for the purpose of referring to the merits of
the bill, not for the purpose of vindicating myself
from unfounded accusations, but that I am ad-
dressing the Senate merely for the purpose of pre-
venting action on this particular bill. This is indict-
ment number three. Well, if 1 am compelled, by
the circumstances of the case, to occupy some little
time—and I shall not occupy an unreasonable por-
tion of the time of the Senate in showing that all
these three charges are utterly unfounded;—and if
action on this bill is delayed, I ask, who is to be
held responsible for it? I shall ask whether that
Senator is to be held responsible who charges me
with misconduct as a member of this body; or
whether the responsibility rests on me, because I
stand up here to answer in my own defense?
I will now take up indictment number one. The
indie tor is the Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Bright,]
and the party accused has pleaded " not guilty
to the charge. We have heard it made by the
Senator from Indiana; we have heard the proof
that he adduced, and let us now hear the proof on
the other side. I have said that this accusation
is an old acquaintance of mine, and to show that
such is the case, 1 will read an extract from the
report of the Senate debates on the ] 3th of January
last. I addressed myselfto theSenate, on the ques-
tion of the disposition that we should make of the
printing of the returns of the last census, and I
insisted that it should be put into the depart-
mental printing, and let out to the lowest bidder.
My remarks were not very protracted; but, after
they were completed, up rose the Senator from
Indiana, and he told theSenate, and the country,
that the Senator from Connecticut was inconsist-
ent in his mode of treating this subject, and read,
as he lias done to-day, a portion of the record of the
debates in the first session of the last Congress.
Let us see what he said on that occasion:
"The honoiable Senator [Mr. Smith] certainly forgets
that at the last session of Congress he himself proposed to
the Committee on Printing to give this very work to the Re-
