1468
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 25,
I wish to offer. It is to add at the conclusion of
the appropriation for the Collins line of steamers
the following: 4
Provided, That the proprietors of said line of steamers
shall receiv« on board of each ship of said line an officer of
the United States Navy, whose duty it shall be to have en-
tire charge of ths United States and Roja! mails* carried on
board of said ship to and from the United States and Eng-
land; that said proprietors shall support, free of all charge
to the United States, the above-named officer duiing the time
he shall be attached to said ship; thatthp officer &o acting
as mail officer shall be selected from the list of passed mid-
shipmen by the Secretary oftheNavy; that said pioprietors
shall provide accommodations in every respect equal to those
provided for first-class passengers, for the above-named of-
ficer; and he shall have, further, for Ins exclusive use, a
mail room, with securc lock and kov, and a mail boat, both
of which shall be subject to his orders; and that the said
officer shall receive no pav in addition to his regular pay for
nea service, but while acting as mail officer as aforesaid,
satil officer shall be allowed the pay of sea service.
I have a few remarks to make upon this sub-
ject, but I suppose the Senate &is somewhat fa-
tigued, and I therefore move an adjournment.
Mr. BADGER, -i hope the Senator will move
to postpone the subject, so as to allow me to have
the opportunity of laying a resolution on the table.
Mr. BORLAND. Then I withdraw my mo-
tion, and move to postpone the further consider-
ation of the bill until to-morrow.
Mr. HALE. I hope that motion will not be
agreed to. I think the Senator from Arkansas
does himself great injustice if he thinks the Senate
can be frightened into adjourning by being threat-
ened with the infliction of a speech from him. I
know that we shall listen to him with a great deal
of pleasure; and I can assure the Senator that I
would rather hear aspcech from him to-night than
to-morrow morning. I hope we shall have the
speech now.
[ think we ought to get through this deficiency
bill. I think we ought to get rid of it before the
Baltimore Convention sits. [Laughter.] I beg
to assure Senators that I am in earnest about this.
[Renewed laughter.] I say it for this reason: If
we do not get nd of this bill before the meeting of
the Baltimore Convention, we shall not ^et rid of
it befoie some time in July, because there are a
good many of us—some of us who are not candi-
dates, us well as some who are—who will go down
to Baltimore during the sitting of the Convention.
Theie will be nothing done that week.
Mr. BADGER. Then there will be the Whig
Convention afterwards.
Mr. HALE. Yes, sir; then the Whig Con-
vention will soon come on. I did not know that
my friend from North Carolina felt so anxious
about that, but it seems that he does. Some of us
will go down there too; so that, if this bill is not
disposed of before the Baltimore Convention sits,
there ia  no knowing what will become of it.
Aside from these general considerations, 1 see
that the Democratic Review, which is the organ,
par cmwnirr, of the Young Democracy, has is-
sued, m advance, some sheets upon this subject,
in which there is an admonition given to the Sen- .
ate and to Congress, how they should dispose of ,
this matter.
Mr. BUTLER. What m the question before ;
the Senate? '
The PRESIDENT. The proposition pending '
is to postpone the further consideration of the bill '
until to-morrow. i
Mr. BUTLER. Ts that proposition debatable ? 1
The PRESIDENT. U is.
Mr. HALE. I knew very well that South .
Carolina does not take much interest in these Con- 1
ventions. [Laughter.]
Mr. BUTLER. That is true.
Mr. HALE. Hence, I can understand why the
honorable Senator wishes to cut me short. But I |
appeal to the Senate if these suggestions are not
pertinent to the question of postponing this bill
further. I do hope that we dhall have a vote upon :
it at an early day. I care as little as any Senator ■
how it is deposed of. But I think it is due to the ;
f^ove/nut u, and due to the country, that we !
shou'd vote upon it at some time or other,
Sor.ie nf us middle-aged men do not know ex- i
act<y  vheie we belong—whether to the " Old Fo- •
giev5 or to Voting America." But I was about ,
to say to the Senate, that tins matter of the Collins
line of steamers had entered so much into the pol- '
itics of the country, that the Democratic Review, '
which is the organ par eminence of "Young Amer- !
ica," l as issued, in advance of its regular day of
publication, some sheets, which have been sent I
on here in relation to it. We had no premonitory
symptom that that was about to come. Unlike
the Senator from Arkansas, who has given us
notice that he proposes to enlighten us upon the
subject, they come right down upon us, and inti-
mate that this matter enters very largely into the
politic® of the country. If it be so, 1 ask if it is
not necessary to a fair settlement of these matters
that they be disposed of before the Conventions
sit? because if the bill is not disposed of by that
time, there is no knowing when it will he disposed
of. There is no knowing how some of us will
feel after these conventions adjourn. There is no
|l knowing whether we shall all feel as disposed to s;o
!j to workjn earnest, and accomplish the business of
|j the country as we do now. Some of us, who are
;; full of buoyant hopes, may come back with the
weeds of disappointment hanging about us. I
think, that while we are in this city, we had better
j j settle this bill, and we can do it more easily at this
i: time than at any other. For this reason, I hope
j! the chairman of the Committee on Finance, who
H has charge of this bill, will urge a late sitting to-
ll day, and to-morrow, and the next day, so that, to
ll say the least of it, we may dispose of this matter
!| this week. For myself, I am willing to sit as
!! late as anybody, and I shall vote against adjourn-
ii ments just as long as the chairman of the commit-
j! tee who has the hill in charge, will stick to it.
;| The motion to postpone was not agreed to.
The PRESIDENT. The question is upon the
amendment of the Senator from Aikan&as.
Mr. BORLAND. Mr. President, I have but
very little to say on this amendment. I stated,
; in the course of my remarks the other Hay. that
iS this company had failed to comply with its con-
i! tract in several particulars, and thereby had saved
j j a considerable amount in their expenses. Among
| the items mentioned by me at that tune was that
l' of failing to receive and carry upon each of their
j' ships four passed midshipmen, as the contract
;! required, and one mail agent; and that they had
i; failed also to furnish an apartment on b<uud the
,j ships for the proper conveyance and care of the
I mails. Now, I have been unable to learn why
,1 they failed to comply with their contract in these
il particulars; and I propor.e this amendment for the
i j purpose of remedying, to some extent at anv rate,
.j what I consider a wrong done by them in failing
ij to comply with these conditions of their contract,
j; In thecoinmencemcnt of the service of these ships,
|i some officers of the Navy were received on board—
j] how many I do not know. But very soon that
jj was discontinued. I learn, from art officer of the
'! Navy who was on hoard one of these ships, that
j the company failed to pro\ide a room for the
, mails, and that the mails were thrown carelessly,
! without much attention, into a common room with
; the baggage, where the passengers and every one
' else had free and common access; anu that there
was no one on board the ship to lake special care
, of the mail, and see that it was propc-ily and faith-
i fully canied across the Atlantic. I consider this
, wrong, and I haveolfeied this amendment to rem- !
edy to a certain extent that wrong. !
! The amendment requires that the company shall j
!recei\e on board of each of these ships, a mail j
' agent, who shall be an officer of the Navy of the j
; United States, to superintend and take charge of i
carrying the mail in these ships; and it requires j
the company also to provide a suitable and con- j
venient apartment for the keeping of the mail. It j
was urged at the time when the first appropriation !
was made—when the contract was made for these I
vessels, that, a certain number of officers of the
Navy should go on board them, that they should
be trained to the management of steamships such
as they would have to manage in the event of war.
It was deemed a very important provision, that
ca< h ship should take four officer-" of the rank of '!
passed midshipmen on board of them: and at the
discretion of the Secretary of the Navy, these nf-
fibers might be changed from time to "time, so as
to allow all the officers of that ^racle to have a
proper and efficient training in the management of
\ thevse ships, preparatory to their use and manage- :
| rnent by our officers, if they should have u/be i
! taken foi war purposes. The f.iihire to comnly 1
; with that part of th* contract—the failure to ohv.e \
' these officers on board of these whips, has been an
i important element in the estimate which has been |!
1 made of the character and value and purposes of !■
these ships. I consider it next in significance to !'
the proposition of the Senator from North Caro- j!
lina, to show that these ships are not now regarded
as ships-of-war, or capabie of being made such,
and are not looked to for any such purposes. 1
consider the failure to comply with this part of the
contract, as next in significance after the proposi-
tion of the Senator from North Carolina, to show
that the object is to cut off even the seeming con-
nection between these ships to the Navy. They
do not now provide for the training and disci-
plining of our officers, fo take charge of them in
case of their being used for the purposes of war.
This amendment does not go to the extent of
supplying that defect, or remedying that wrong;
but it goes to the extent of doing ail with regard
to them that I think now is seriously intended to
be done, and that is, to make use of them as mail
steamers only, and to provide for the proper and
safe conveyance of the mail, under the direction of
an officer of the United States. The failure to
comply with the contract in this particular, I have
been utterly unable to understand. There stands
the contract, in itself equal to an act of Congress,
because it was made under the authority of an act
of Congress, and not subject to be changed, ex-
cept by the same authority that brought it into
existence. No such authority has been given by
an act of Congress, that I know of. I can see,
therefore, no objection that can or ought to be
urged to this amendment by the friends of this
line—those who desire to sustain it; because even
with this provision, it exempts the proprietors
from the expense of carrying on board of each
ship, four officers of the Navy of the United States.
It goes to the extent of recognizing them as mail
steamers, and provides for the safe carrying of the
mail upon them as such, and so far as an act of
Congress can negatively do so, it recognizes their
exemption from that part of the contract which
requires them to carry four officers, and will give
them at least some color of lawful authority for
disregarding their contract to the extent to which
they have already disregarded it.
Mr. RUSK. The original contract provided,
that the officers of the Navy should be received on
board these ships. It was found very soon that
the provision answered no good purpose. Dis-
agroementsgrew up naturally, as every man could
see they would grow up, between the managers of
these ships and these officers Hence, the Secre-
j tary of the Navy was authorized by law to dis-
' pensewith that provision of the contract, if he "
chose to do so; and he did dispense with it.
i Mr. BORLAND. Will the Senator refer me
i to the act of Congress authorizing the Secretary to
I dispense with it r
: Mr. RUSK. I would do so if I had the act by
j me. I am certain, however, that authority was
| given, and this requirement was dispensed with.
| Now, it is sought by this amendment to make it
> obligatory upon the company to carry a midship-
1 man in every one of these ships—to do what? To
i take charge of the mail.
.Mr. BADGER. A traveling poc'master.
Mr. RUSK. What will this traveling post-
i master have to do? The mails are put on board
I the ships; they are locked up there; thev remain
! in safe custody of the officers of the ships*. Now,
; what object, in the name of God, can be accom-
j plished by putting these midshipmen on board the
1 ships* They will have nothing on earth to do;
i but they will remain there in perfect idleness. A
! room is to be fitted up for each of them. They
j are to be made a sort of aristocrats in the ship"
[What will be the consequence? Is it neces-
: sary to raise up your midshipmen in idleness,
j requiring them to perform no service at all, and
: giving them aristocratic notions, by putting them
; in sepaiate rooms on the first footing: If that is
I the case, why then these would be somepropriety
! in the amendment. If it i« eidop'ed, it will create
great embarrassments, hut it will be no benefit 1o
; the steamships, no benefit to the midshipmen, and
, certainly no benefit to the officers.
Mr. BORLAND. Mr. President, I have no
reply to make to that portion of the Senator's re-
marks with r'gard to the aristocratic feature of
this proposition. If 1 believed there was any such
, feature in it, I should be very willing to strike it
, out, and let the aristocracy of the concern rest
alone with this company, whose o!«*un seemo to
be regarded as paramount to the interests of the
Government and the Post Office Department. An
officer of the Navy of the United it seems
to me, cannot he considered as being placed in a
