2882
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 25,
public. Hot haste! It was not too early at the last session
of Congress to agitate the question."
Here the accusation made by the honorable
Senator is, that I, in the Committee on Printing,
in the last session of the last Congress, proposed
that Congress should give the printing of the cen-
sus returns to the Republic. To this I replied as
follows:
"As the honorable Senator has never attended any of
the meetings of the Committee on Printings X presume he
makes the statement that I was in favor of giving the print-
ing of the census returns to the Republic on the authority
of others. All 1 have to say is, that the gentleman is en-
tirely misinformed.
" Mr. Bright. If I am not correct, I hope the chairman
of the Committee on Printing will correct me.
" Mr. Borland. I presume ttie statement of the Sena-
tor from Indiana was made on information received from
me. He is mistaken, however, in supposing that I said the
Senator from Connecticut proposed to give this printing to
the Republic. I did say that the Senator from Connecticut
was in favor of the proposition made by the Superintendent
of the Census to leave the printing to him. and have it ex-
ecuted at that time. Whether he would nave had it done
at the Republic office oi elsewhere, I do not know. But
the Superintendent of the Census did express a wish—and
that subject came before the committee—to be permitted to
have the printing executed as he might thmk proper at that
time. The committee decided that an arrangement of that
sort could not be entered into, because the cen-su^ bill itself,
after providing for the execution of the preliminary printing,
required that The report of a plan for publishing the cen&u;s
should be made to Congress at the present session, and that
the printing of the census returns should be done as this
Congress should direct. Therefore they did not feel au-
thorized to enter into any arrangement, or give their assent
to anything of that kind. I then undeistood the Senator
from Connecticut, and I now understand him, to have been
in favor of the arrangement proposed by the Superintend-
ent of the Census.
"Mr. Smith. I wish to say a word on this subject. It is
very unusual, I believe, to bring into the Senate eonversa- ;
lions in the rooms, of the committees of this body.
Mr. Bright. I rpfer for my information to a debate that ;
came up on a collateral question at the last session. I have 1
not the debates bpfore me, but I think that I ca^ turn to i
them, and show that the honorable Senator front L'onnecti
cut expressed a preference at that time for giving to the j
gentleman who has charge of the Census Bureau the privi- j
lege of making a contract for tins printing. The inference
follows as a matter of couise that it would have taken the ■
direction which I indicated. 1
"Mr. Smith, t do not know what the gentleman may !
find recorded in the debates of the Senate, as having been 1
said by me, but I know that I never entertained any such |
view as that. T must also say, in very broad terms, that :
my friend from Arkansas [Mr. Borland] is entirely mis- 1
taken. I do not know but that I may have used language !
from which he properly inferred what he seems to have in- |
ferred, but I have never entertained any such views, but I j
have been from the beginning totally opposed t<> bieaking
up the contract system." j
I was taken quite by surprise then, as 1 am now. \
I had not the debates to refer to, but I went and
searched the records; and on the succeeding day i
I came to the Senate Chamber, and made the fol- i
lowing remarks: !
'•Mr. President, f wi>h to make a very few reinaiks !
m reply to my honorable fiietid from Indiana, and 1 am '
prompted to do so on account of the personal i-ucwhieh
my honorable friend made with me last even <ig. That !
honorable Senator saw fit to remark, that at tliei i-t session j
of Congress he understood me to take ground in ic Senate 1
in favor of giving the printing of the census retii: -stoapo- !
litical press in this city—t think he named the public. [ j
then suggested that he was under an entire mi apprehen-
sion upon that vubjeet. 1 do not suppose that ay honor- 1
able friend intended to misrepresent my pos-m a m that
regard. The truth i:-, that from the very outset o' this busi-
ness, I have boon uttcily opposed to the reintrod'. tion into
Congress of the old practice of dispensing the pn'-hc print- i
ingontbe principle of political favoutism; and it >0 hap-
pens that I find myself on record, 111 a train of i^.nrks sub-
mitted to the Senate, in relation to this very >ul>j<j.S of print- ■
ing the census returns, in which views ate expressed such
as f had the honor to lay before the Senate yc-deiday: and
I hope the Seriate will indulge me in reading from these re-
marks a few extracts, ^bowing what I said, hi the first
extract which I will read, I remarked as follow-:
"'I fully accord in the opinion which has been expressed >
* by my fuends on the other Mdc of the Chambui, that the •
i time has gone by for rnvestmi; the head of anv Depart- ,
'mentwith an arbitraly discretion upon this -'ubiect of 1
' printing.'"
This is an extract from some remarks made by
me during the first session of the last Congress,
to which the honorable Senator from Indiana
referred.
And then again:
" Now, then, this committee lias repoit.-d thi:-mil, as t '
have before remained, containing the provision nf the ohl '
law, and comerrm^ on tbe head ot the Dcuaitnn'ut ot the
Interior the arbitrary power ot making a contiart with anv .
individual that he pleases, and upon any terms that he mav !
! ee lit, without adwrti-mg, without competition. To any
such provision m tins In!). I am utterly opposed not that f
bcheve the honorable gemlem.m at the head ot tli.u I/epait-
meut would abuse the trust thus confided in Inm; f am con- 1
vmced he will execute it with a.s much fidelity a- anv oih-r
of the distinguished ciir^rss of the country.
"Now, sii,in order to realize, or rather to carry out what
has been the policy of tbe Government for several years
past, to wit: to have all the printing let out at contract, and
given to the lowest bidder, all that is required is the addition
of a few words to the clause ot the twentieth section."
The last clause reads thus:
" And further, as the returns are made, to cause the same
to be classified and arranged in the best and most conve-
nient manner for use; and thousand copies thereof to
be printed for distribution."
That was the proposition of the Committee on
the Census for giving arbitrary power to the Sec-
retary of the Interior to cause the census returns
to be printed.
The extract further proceeds:
"Now, sir, if the amendment of my honoiable friend
shall fail, I shall propose to add to that clause these woids:
' On contract, as now provided by law.' That i-> to bay, to
the lowest bidder."
That is, to let it out by contract as now provided
bylaw, by advertising in the newspapers, and sub-
jecting the matter to fair competition. Here was
a bill that would have given an absolute discretion
to the Secretary of the Interior, and I came for-
ward and said I would agree to no such thing. I
could not offer the amendment just at that time,
because there was an amendment pending to an
amendment; but I said that when that obstacle
was cleared out of the way, T would propose an
amendment requiring the printing of the census to
be let out by contract in conformity with law.
But furthermore I remarked—
" J would say that I am not for subsidizing the press of
the city, either the Whig or the Detnociatic piess—eithei
the one or the other."
And again:
! " As to the scheme of giving the printing, at this late
day, to the political press of this city, u is a proposition that
I shall resist to the uttermost, and at all tunes "
And finally, 1 remarked:
" I intend, sir, to i Cdist now, and at all time-' hereafter,
the connection of the public printing with the political press
of this city, whether upon the one side oi the other i
therefore insist that the 2Ut hection exactH right; and
with respect to the piecedmg section, all that is ie<pured is
simply the addition of four or five words &uch as f have al-
ready suggested to the Senate."
Now, what was this twenty-first section? It
was the section which related to the preparatory
printing, and it did give discretionary power to
the Secretary of the Interior. And I said that was
all right, for a special reason. But with regard
to the other section, regarding the printing of the
returns, I said that it was not right, and that it
ought to be so framed as to compel the Secretary
of the Interior to let it out to the lowest bidder,
and upon full competition.
The Senator from Indiana [Mr. Huron r] merely
reads what I said in regard to this twenty-first sec-
tion, relating to the preparatory printing, while
he leaves entirely out of sight what I said on the
question now before us. Theie were special rea-
sons, as I then stuted, why the pieparatory print-
ing should not be let out to the lowest bidder; and
there were other reasons which I will not now
repeat.
Now, after I had brought, before the Senate and
the country, and the Senator himself, the facts
and considerations to which 1 now refer, the hon-
! orable Senator rises up and renews the accusation,
1 and all, 1 suppose, by wnyof expediting this bill
I through the Senate, lie is in a great hurry to get
I it through. All I htue to say is, that it is'rather
a novel way of managing a matter of this sort,
i But not content with this display of diligence in
I coming over the record, by way of hearing up
f inconsistencies, of which 1 may have been guilty
I at some time or other, the honorable Senator in-
[ troduces to the Senate a new mdictmer.l. He says
; that I insisted upon it that the prices named in
1 this bill are extravagant; and he farther .says, that
i as a member of the Comrnhk-o nn Printing, I
have quietly acceded m a eo' ?-vct to have the
printing of the Senate and House of Kcoresenta-
, lives done at the tame prices, if ,'ot higher prices,
which the chairman of th^ Commotee o:i Printing
[Mr. Hamlin] says aie extravagant. I have been
a long time associated with th't gentlt-nian on the
Committee on Printing, and I most sr vthat I
ne\ er knew him to swerve one hair 's-bre^ub from
the strict line of his duty as chairman of that com-
mittee^ neither for party purposes, nor personal
favoritism. He lias been much more rigid in
dealing wuh these contracts than I would be dis-
posed to be, and I am ra'her inclined to think that
he was right and that J was wrong.
I have no occasion, Air. President, to controvert
the statement made by the Senator from Arkansas
[Mr. Borl\ni>.] I have said nothing about the
prices named in this bill. I recollect that I did
say something to the Senate on the impropriety
of our laying our hands on the departmental print-
ing. I objected to it most decidedly, although I
was overruled by a majority of the Senate. 1 will
not enter into the details of the prices we have
here. I do not know what they are, or whether
they arejust or unjust, extravagant or otherwise;
but if they somewhat correspond with the prices
which the committee agreed to pay to Donelson
& Armstrong for the printing of the House, and
to Gideon &> Co., for the printing of the Senate,
I have no doubt that the prices will yield a pretty
large profit. I desire, however, to ask the Sena-
tor from Indiana whether he supposes that the
Committee on Printing could make a contract for
a mere fragment of the printing upon the same
terms, and as at low a rate as they could make
for the whole of the printing for a whole Congress?
Sir, we never agreed that Gideon & Co. should
have the whole of this printing. We entered
into no such stipulation 
Mr. BRIGHT. Does the Senator from Con-
! necticut desire an answer to his question now ?
Mr. SMITH. The Senator can answer now,
j! if he chooses?
•! Mr. BRIGHT. I understand that the contract
ji which has been made requires the party under-
taking the work, to do just such printing as may
; be referred to them to execute by either branch of
ij Congress during the present session. It may be all,
li or a portion only, as Congress maydecide.
I! Mr. SMITH. The Senator from Indiana does
' ; not state the matter accurately, though, doubtless,
'j he intended to do so. The contract amounts sim-
!; ply to this: Messrs. Gideon & Co., and Messrs.
| Donelson & Armstrong, shall have so much of the
:| printing of this Congress as it is impossible for
I, Mr. Hamilton to execute. That is all. Now, I
ji desire to know from the Senator whether he sup-
i1 poses that as favorable a contract can be made
|i with any printer on the face of God's earth for a
;j mere fragment of the session of Congress, as if
i; the contract were for the whole time? Remember
[ that the contract was not made for the entire print-
!j mg of the House of Representatives, or for the
entire printing of the Senate, but merely for such
part of the printing as Mr. Hamilton could not
i execute during the residue of the session, in con-
\ formity with his contract. I will ask the Senator
Ij if he, as a business man, supposes that any prin-
[\ ter can come forward, and get his presses, his pa-
il per, his hands, his letter, for the execution of the
j printing during a small portion of one session, and
then make a contract on as low terms as he would
be willing to take, provided that he was going to
do the printing of the two Houses of Congressfor
two entire sessions? Here I will say, that the
prices we agreed to give Donelson & Armstrong
| and Gideon & Co. would be exorbitant in such a
i case. 1 should, certainly, not agree to pay such
! prices-for the whole printing. The chairman of
^ the Committee on Printing [Mr. Hamlin] was of
; opinion, that the prices were too high, even for
i the limited time for which the contract was made,
: and refused his assent to it. The decision was
carried by my vote, added to the three votes of
the members of the House of Representatives,
who were on the committee. 1 did not think that
the prices were too high, as Messrs. Gideon, and
: Donelson & Armstrong, were only to have a rem-
: nant of the printing for a fragment of the session.
I I am going somewhat at, length into this state-
; ment, because it appears to me to be necessary to
j do so, in reply to the charges of the Senator from
1 Indiana, hut I do not wish to occupy the time of
the Senate unreasonably, as another honorable
Senator [Mr. Douglas] would wish to make it
appear. I never had such a purpose for a mo-
ment.
What are the facts connected with this transac-
tion ? Although the contracts were made at these
rates which the chairman of the Committee on Print-
ing [Mr. Hamlt\tj thought to bealtogethertoo high,
the contractors have not as yet received a single
cent. They got their paper and other necessary
' materials, and made their arrangements for doing
! the printing of the two Houses of Congress, but,
1 up to the present d\y, not a single Congressional
document has been put into their hands. I repeat
that, from the day the contract was entered into
up to tbe niesent time, neither Donelson &■ Arm-
strong nor Gidcc-n & Co. have derived the slight-
est benefit from if. ] think that the.>e two estab-
