556
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
Feb. IB,
row and contracted in this respect, in regard to
our progress in naval affairs ? I am prepared to
meet and overcome every argument which has
been brought forward by the Senator from Penn-
sylvania; and if this pledge is not redeemed by
myself or some other member of the committee,
then I expect the bill to be defeated. I will not go
into the argument to-day, but it is due to myself to
say, that I am not in the habit, either as amember
of this body or as the organ of one of its committees,
of connecting my name with any measure which
can be so easily overthrown. This bill has been re-
ported from the Committee on Naval Affairs unan-
imously; and I do not think that a single argu-
ment brought forward by the Senator from Penn-
sylvania is so unanswerable as he seems to think,
and as he will find out before the bill is disposed
of. Without giving up my right to the floor, I
move that the further consideration of this subject
be postponed until Monday.
The motion was agreed to.
RAILROADS IN IOWA.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I gave notice yesterday
that I should to-day ask the Senate to take up the
bill making a grant of land to the State of Iowa,
in aid of the construction of certain railroads. At
the suggestion of the chairman of the Committee
on Public Lands, who is a friend of my bill, and
at the suggestion of other friends, as well as in
consequence of the general disposition of the Sen-
ate to proceed to the consideration of private bills,
5 will not make that motion; but I desire to give
notice that I shall on Monday ask the Senate to
take up that bill. I have been assured by gentle-
men, friends and opponents of the measure, that
when the Senate next takes up the bill, they will
dispose of it.
NOTARIES PUBLIC.
Mr. CHASE. A bill, at its third reading, in
relation to notaries public, was yesterday, on my
motion, postponed until to-day. I was then act-
ing under the supposition that the bill required an
amendment, for I thought it was the same bill
which had been passed by the Senate two years
ago; but I find, upon inquiry, that the amendment
which was proposed last year by the Senator from
Georgia, [Mr. Berrien,] and then modified on
my motion, has been substituted for the bill upon
the motion of the chairman of the Judiciary Com-
mittee. I therefore ask that the bill may now be
taken up and passed.
The bill was accordingly taken up and passed,
and its tittle was amended so as to read:
u An act, to authorize notaries public to take and ceitify
oaths, affirmations, and acknowledgments, in certain
cases."
ENUMERATION OP FIRE-ARMS.
On motion by Mr. CASS, it was
Ortlcreil, TImt the report of the Seoietury of War, made
the 25th ot' February, 1351, exhibiting the number of fire-
arms belonging to the United States, be punted.
CLAIM FOR THE OCCUPATION OF KEY WEST.
The Senate resumed, as in Committee of the
Whole, the consideration of the bill for the relief
of John \V. Simonton. It provides that the proper
accounting officer of the Treasury, under the direc-
tion of the Secretary of the Navy, audit and settle
the claim of John W. Simonton and others, own- i
ers of the island of Key West, Florida, upon prtn- !
ciples of justice and equity, on account of its occu-
pancy by the Government of the United States as j
a naval and military post during the years 1823,
1824, 1825, and I82(i; and that in settling-it upon
these_ principles they shall ascertain, as nearly as j
practicable, the benefits and advantages which ac- !
cvued to the United States from the occupancy of
if, and also the injuries which resulted to the
owners of it; and to pay the same out of any ,
money not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, I feel myself
compelled to oppose this bill. I object to it on ac-
count of its form, and also on the ground that the '
claim itself is utterly worthless, and forms no just
demand against the United States. I shall en- '
deavor to show satisfactory%easons for my oppo- I1
sition to this bill. I object to the form of this bill I
on this ground: Congress has uniformly adhered
to the determination not to establish a board, or
court of claims, or any tribunal for the purpose
of deciding upon claims made against the United
States. Yet this bill is intended to effect, in a par-
ticular case, what you haye refused to pass as a
general law. I can see no reason which shows
this course to be necessary in this case. It is a
case of contingent damages—damages exceedingly
indefinite in the grounds on which they are claimed.
And if it be true that you are unwilling to intrust
a tribunal established for the purpose, where the
power of the examination of witnesses, both on
the part of the United States and on the part of
the claimant, would exist, and where the power
-of cross-examination would exist—if you are un-
willing to constitute such a tribunal, and such has
been hitherto the determination of Congress—on
what principle is ft that you can sanction a bill
which refers to the accoun ting officers of the Treas-
ury Department the settlement of a claim for con-
tingent damages, founded upon a very indistinct
statement of the grounds upon which these dam-
ages are claimed? It seems to me that this is en-
tirely inconsistent with the legislation of Congress
on the general subject.
The bill proposes to refer to the accounting offi-
cers, undeij,ihe opinion of the Attorney General,
the settlement of the claim of Simonton and oth-
ers, on principles of justice and equity. If there
is no rule prescribed in the bill by which the judg-
ment of these officers is to be governed, it becomes
a question of arbitrary discretion on their part as
to what amount of damages they will allow. This
is an objection, and-1 think a sufficient objection,
to the bill as it now stands. There are no adju-
dicated principles that I know of which can be
applied to govern orcontrol the accounting officers
in the amount of the allowance they shall make
under this bill.
But the bill goes further. It does profess to
point out a rule for the ascertainment of damages,
which is, in one branch of it, correct. The bill
says that, in the settlement of this claim upon the
principles of justice and equity, " they shall ascer-
' tain, as nearly as practicable, the benefits andiid-
' vantages which accrued to the United States from
1 the occupancy of it; and also the injury which
' resulted to the owners of it; and to pay the same
' out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
' appropriated." Is that a sound principle for the
assessment of damages, taken altogether ? I would
ask the Senate, Was such a mode of the assess-
ment of damages ever before heard of, as thjs first
part of direction, that the accounting officers are to
ascertain the amount of damages to these parties
upon the principle of the advantage to the United
States from the occupation of the island ?
No such principle has ever obtained in reference
to the United States, nor could it in justice obtain.
The benefit of the United States is not a source of
injury to the claimants. If the United States take
the property of a citizen for any purpose what-
ever, though that purpose may prove fruitless,
and though it may be a wasteful and extravagant
expenditure on their part, they are bound to com-
pensate him to the extent of his loss. But on
what principle is it that, because it may become
important to the United States to take possession
of private property, the United States are to make
compensation according to the benefit which they
received, as well as according to the injury of the
party ? The value of the property, the real dam-
age to the party, should be the sole measure of the
injury in every case. Take a common illustration
of this: In almost all the States there are internal
improvements, railroads, which are made by rail-
load laws, for the incorporating of individuals
in order to enable them to make railroads, and
givinafcyncrally a power, where the parties are
incompetent, from minority or any other cause, or
are unwilling to agree as to the sale of their land,
that the damages may be assessed by a jury. But
do those laws contain a clause which authorizes a
jury to ascertain the advantage which will flow to
the company from the occupation of the land, as
well as the damages which the party will sustain ?
Did any man ever hear of such a proposition as
this, that the importance of land to the company
which is to make the road was to be taken into
the account in ascertaining the damages ? Yet
this is the principle upon which this bill'goes. If
it is recognized as a correct principle, wherever
there is, on the line of a railroad, some portion of
land absolutely necessary in order to lay out the
road, the individual holding it will only have to
say that it is absolutely essential to the company,
they cannot get along without it, and therefore the
measure of my damages must be the benefit to the
company.
I submit that it is no true measure of damages
recognizable on any principle either in the case of
an individual or in tii'e case of the Government.
The bill, therefore, in point of form, in my judg-
ment, enacts an unsound rule for ascertaining the
damage sustained by the party, and that, being
unsound in principle, it ought not to be retained
in the bill. Secondly, I am opposed to the bill
on the ground that it gives a discretionary power
to ascertain damages under, as I have said, a false
rule; but whether with or without the rule, that
discretionary power ought not to be given. If
we are to compensate these parties for the injuries
they have sustained, let Congress do it; but as
long as Congress refuse to establish a tribunal by
which claims against the United States can be prop-
erly adjudicated, and settled upon some recog-
nized and known principles, there can be no rea-
son for making these the exceptional ones to the
action of Congress in reference to a general prin-
ciple. On either ground I am opposed to this bill
in its present form; and unless it is put into a dif-
ferent shape, I shall oppose it oh these grounds;
but waiving these objections, I will now proceed
to state my objections to the claim for relief on
which the bill is founded.
I have .had my attention called to the bill in con-
sequence of the mode in which the damages were
directed by it to be estimated, and I have taken
the trouble to read over all the papers which are
printed, with the report of the committee in the
previous report of the committee of the House of
Representatives. The conclusion that my judg-
ment has come to from this examination is, that
this is a speculative claim from the beginning to
the end; that the parties who have prepared it
(and they have prepared it well) have done it on
a speculation upon the Government, and that there
is no just claim against the United States for a
single dollar. It appears that in 1821, Simonton,
who resided in Havana, knowing (and I presume
that he knew it, for the papers are very indefinite
in their information on many points) that he could
probably obtain an old Spanish grant in the hands
of a man by the name of Salas, on the 7th of De-
cember, of that year, addressed a communication
to the Government, (whether or not to the Naval
Department does not appear,) calling their atten-
tion to the importance of Key West, then a deso-
late and uninhabited island, as a naval station.
He did not do this as the owner—not as a claimant
—not as a person having any individual interest,
but with a view to the benefit of the country; and
within thirty days after he had sent this notice to
the Government, which they immediately acted
upon by surveying it, he purchased it. This was
at the time when there were a great many pirates
in the neighborhood of the West Indies who
preyed upon our commerce. Within thirty days
after he had done this, he purchased from Salas,
for two thousand dollars, lus Spanish grant. The
papers in the case show that there was a con-
test in reference to titles between the Governor,
Gidney, of South Carolina, and Mr. Simonton.
None of these titles had been acknowledged under
the treaty of Florida—none of them had been pro-
duced. There was no law till 1832 to authorize
any adjudication upon them. As to possession,
the evidence is exceedingly imperfect. The United
States in 1822 had a survey made of the island
under Commodore Perry, and left there a guard
with a view to the protection of the Island, which
was then, and had been hitherto, according to that
officer, a resort for smugglers and pirates, and
utterly unsafe as a residence. Being found to be
admirable for the purposes indicated in this com-
munication, the Government subsequently, in
1823, directed Commodore Porter to establish a
naval depot and barracks there, when he was put
in command of the squadron for the purpose of
suppressing piracy in these seas. Underthese or-
ders he made the establishment, and he reported
that he had so made it in April, 1823. Immedi-
ately there commenced a scene of constant disputes
between the commanding officer and the alleged*
owners of the land, whose title had not; yet been
established, and was not established until 1825.
These disputes were in reference to their rights in
relation to a plan of the town, and in reference to
the preparations alleged to have been made by
them for the purpose of carrying on the manufac-
ture of salt. There were various other difficulties
existing between them. They alleged that Com-
modore Porter exercised arbitrary power as to the
