1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1469
very aristocratic position, when he is placed on
the same footing with the first-class passengers
■who go on these steamships. Certainly, if he
goes there as an officer of the Government at all,
he is entitled to be treated as a gentleman—
treated as other passengers of respectability on the
ship are treated. I cannot see how it would make
him an aristocrat.
The Senator says there is no use for these offi-
cers on board these ships. I beg leave to differ
with him* in regard to that; and I wish to state the
reason why I think there is use for them. I have
stated that there is no secure room fitted up on
board these ships, with lock and key, for the pur-
pose of carrying the mails safely. I have stated
this on the authority of a respectable officer of the
United States Navy, who knows it personally.
A room of this kind is not prepared; the mails
are thrown in loosely with the baggage; and free
access is had to these rooms, backward and for-
ward across the Atlantic, by any one on board
the ship who has any baggage or anything in the
room. And the same officer states another fact,
that so far from all the mail matter being carried
as mail matter in these ships, the pursers of these
ships receive and carry mail matter as individuals;
packages of various kinds are placed in their
charge, and carried backward and forward, and
delivered.
The object of the amendment is to correct these
evils; to provide for the safe-keeping and carrying
of the mails; and to see, also, that all the mail
matter is put into the hands of the proper officers,
and carried in the mail; and that other people do
not violate the Post Office arrangements, and
thereby deprive the Department of the full amount
of revenue to which it is entitled.
The Senator from Texas says that the law au-
thorizes the Secretary of the Navy to dispense
with the services of these midshipmen on board
these ships. I stated that, if there was such au-
thority, I had never seen or heard of it. If the
Senator can refer me to it, I shall be very glad to
hear it.
Mr. BADGER. The Senator from Texas states
the fact.
Mr. BORLAND. It may be so; but I am not
aware of it; I looked at the contract, and saw its
provisions, and I have seen no legislation in re-
gard to that point since. Was there any special
act of Congress passed for this purpose?
Mr. HUNTER. That provision was inserted
in one of the appropriation bills last year.
Mr. BORLAND. Then, sir, I am wron^ upon
that point, but I am not wrong in this, that it adds
to the value and force and significance of the prop-
osition of the honorable Senator from North Car-
olina to separate these ships from the Navy. It
cuts the last link, and fully establishes, as far as
an act of Congress can establish, the fact, that they
are not a part"of the Navy, and that they are not
intended to train our naval officers to the duties of
managing and commanding steamships of war,
but that they were to be put into the hands of
civilians altogether, having no connection with the
Navy or any duties performed by the Navy. It
shows that they are to have no influence in train-
ing the officers of our Navy, and, as I think I did
show, at least to my own satisfaction, the other
day, they are not capable of being converted into
ships of war. I ask for the yeas and nays upon
the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and being
taken, resulted—yeas 11, nays 31; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Borland, Brodhead, Brooke,
De Saussure, Hunter, Jones of Iowa, Mallory, Sebastian,
SouiS, and Lndenvood—11.
nays—Messrs. Badger, Bell. Bradbury, Bright, Chave,
Clarke, Cooper, Davis, Dodge of Wisconsin, Downs, Fit h,
Foot, Geyer, Hale. Hamlin, Houston, Jones ot Tennessee,
King, Mangurn, Miller, Nnrris, Pearee, Rusk, Seward,-
Shields, Smith, Spruance, Sumner, Touecy, Upham, and
Wade—31.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. JONES, of fowa. I have an amendment
which I wish to offer now. It is a very small
matter, and I should be very much pleased if the
Senate would now adopt it. I offer it with the
consent of the Committee on Indian Affairs, be-
fore whom the matter has been investigated, who
have unanimously reported in favor of it, both at
the last and at the present session.
The amendment is to insert—
For payment to James M. Marsh, to cover the loss of his
property, destroyed by a band of Sioux Indians in the
month of July, 1849, while extending the second connec-
tion line of the public surveys in the State of Iowa to the
Missouri river, under contract with C. H. Booth, Surveyor
General of the United States, $1,200.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Mangum
in the chair.) The Chair is under the impression
that, under the rule, this amendment is excluded,
as it provides for a private claim.
Mr. JONES. This gentleman was a Govern-
ment surveyor. He was executing a contract un-
der the Government of the United States. His
property was taken from him by the Indians while
m the discharge of his duties as Government sur-
veyor, and this payment is guarantied to him un-
der the intercourse law of 1834. Under these cir-
cumstances, I think this ought not to be considered
as a private claim. If it is ruled out upon that
ground, I shall not press the matter now, but I
shall offer the amendment when the rule is changed,
which I hope will be done to-morrow, as I under-
stand that my friend from North Carolina [Mr.
Badger] intends to offer an amendment to the rule.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If the case came
within the principles of the intercourse law it might
come within the provisions of the rule which says
that—
" No amendment proposing additional appropriations shall
be received to any general appropriation bill, unless it be
made to carry out the provisions ot some existing law."
But the impression of the Chair is, that this is
strictly a private claim, and that it is therefore ex-
cluded by the rule.
No further amendment being offered, the bill
was reported to the Senate as amended.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on con-
curring with the amendments made in Committee
of the Whole.
Mr. BADGER. I move to postpone the further
consideration of the bill until to-morrow.
Mr. CHASE. If the Senator will allow me, I
desire to lay on the table informally, and have
printed, an amendment which 1 intend to offer, in
regard to the Collins line of steamers. It is the
same amendment which I offered in Committee of
the Whole.
The amendment was ordered to be printed in-
formally.
The motion to postpone was agreed to. I
On the motion of Mr. BADGER, the amend- !
rnents made as in Committee of the Whole were ]
ordered to be printed.
AMENDMENT TO THE RULES. ;
Mr. BADGER submitted the following resolu- ;
tion for consideration: j
Resolved, That the thirtieth rule be amended, by striking I
i out therefrom the following words: "and no amendment !
| shall be received whose object is to provide for a pnvate
' chum, although the same may have been previously banc- 1
1 lioa*-d by the St nate." '
RAILROADS IN MISSISSIPPI AND LOUISIANA.
On motion by Mr. BROOKE, the Senate pro-
! ceeded to consider, as m Committee of the Whole, :
i the bill granting lands to the States of Louisiana :
| and Mississippi, in aid of the construction ofcer- !
| tain railroads therein; and having been amended so j
! as to conform to similar bills heretofore passed, it 1
| was reported to the Senate, the amendments were >
i concurred in, and the bill was ordered to be en- >
i grossed for a third reading.
EXECUTIVE SESSION. . |
On the motion of Mr. ATCHISON, the Senate i
proceeded to the consideration of Executive busi- i
ness; and, after some tune spent therein, the doors
were reopened, and the S^natp adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, May 25, 1852.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Rev. Littleton F. Morgan'.
'The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER. The business first in order
is the call of the committees for reports.
,Mr. OLDS. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to submit a motion to discharge the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
from the further consideration of House bill No.
144, for the purpose of having it referred back to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. To what does
the bill relate ?
Mr. OLDS. It is to regulate the postage on
newspapers.
There being no objection, it was accordingly
Ordered, That the Committee of the Whole on the Btate
of the Union be discharged from the further consideration
of House bill No. 144, to amend an act entitled " An act
to rsduce and modify the rates of postage in the United
States, and for other purposes," passed JVTarch 3d, 1851,
and that the same be referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. DISNEY. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce a resolution, which I
ask may be read for information.
It was read, as follows:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representative*
of the United States of America in (Congress assembled,
That if, at the time of the liberation of the Irish exiles, a
national ship happen to be m the neighborhood of Australia,
the President is requested to proffer it to them as a benefice
to them.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object, and ask
for the execution of the regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the call of committees for reports, beginning
with the Committee on Publio Lands.
Mr. HALL. I wish, before proceedings pre-
sent reports from the Committee on Public Lands,
to enter a motion to reconsider thd vote by which
the House bill No. 120, authorizing certain soldiers
in the late war with Great Britain to surrender the
bounty land drawn by them, and to locate others
in lieu thereof, was yesterday referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
I do not wish to consider the motion now, but
only to enter it for future consideration.
On motion by Mr. HALL, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Public Landfc be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the following pe-
titions, and that the same be laid on the table, viz: Oi' Re-
becca Davis ; of John Edgcomb and William Davis; of
Joseph J)«cr^j on behalf of the heirs of Y. J. Thoron ; of
Samuel Lake and other citizens of New York, praying that
land warrants may be made assignable ; of Nathan AveriJI,
for a grant of land; of citizens of Montgomery, Philadel-
phia, and Cumberland counties, Pennsylvania, piaytng for
a modification of the bounty land act; of citizens of Wyo-
ming county. New York, of citizens of Michigan, of citi-
zens of Wyandotte county, Ohio, of citizens of German-
town, Pennsylvania, of citizens of Delaware county, Perm-
hylvania, of citizens of Plnladelphiacounty, Pennsylvania,
of citizens of Onondaga county, New York' in favor of a
modification of the bounty land act; of officers and soldiers
of the war of 1812, of citizens of Maryland, praying that the
benefits of the bounty land act be extended to the men of
Barney's flotilla; of sundry other petitions relative to a
modification of the bounty land act, viz: of officers, sol-
diers, seamen, marines, &c., ofUie war oflSlQ, from Phil-
adelphia, of citizens of Morgan county, Virginia, of the
Pennsylvania Volunteeis m the war ofl812,of citizens of
Union county, Pennsylvania, of citizens of Berks county,
Pennsylvania, of citizens of Oswego county, New York,
and of Northampton county, Pennsylvania.
On motion by Mr. HALL, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Public Lands be dis-
charged tromthe further consideration of the petition of
Matthew Peppey, and that the same be referred to the Com
mittee on Private Land Claims.
On motion by Mr. HALL, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Public Lands be dis-
charged fiom the further consideration of sundry petitions of
citizens of the States of Pennsylvania, Maine, Connecu-
cut, New York, Wisconsin, Massachusetts, Delaware, and
Ohio, in favor of a grant of public lands to actual settlers ;
and the petitions of sundry citizens of the States of Massa-
chusetts, Wisconsin, New York, Illinois, and New Hamp-
shire, id hohnlf of the Western farm and Village Associa-
tion ; and that the said petitions be laid upon the table.
On motion by Mr. HALL, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Public Lands be dts-
chaiged from the further consideration of th* petitions of
citizens ot Oregon, praying the puichas-e and survey of a
portion of the country ea^t of the Cascade Range : of citi-
zens of Illinois, piaying for a grant of land m aid of a rail-
road from Chicago to Lake Superior; of cm/ens of Indi-
ana and Illinois, praying for a grant of land m aid of a rail -
road from Lafayette, Indiana, to intersect the eastern
branch of the Illinois Central Railroad; of citizens of Sr.
Louis, Missouri, relative to the public domain Miiilh of the
River de-j Peres, and adjacent to the Jefferson Barrack-. ; of
citizens of Ohio, m favor of a grant of land in aid of the con-
stitution of a ceitam plank or macadamized road in Moi-
gan county m .-aid *3tato  ; of Edward Moran ; the rot-olu-
tions of tin- Mayoi and Aldermen of Savannah, Georgia, in
favor of a giant of land <br the benefit of the insane ; the
petition or citizen5! of Hamilton county, Ohio, relative to
the organization ofeompaniesof military co'oate^s ; and the
petition of William William'', of Johnson couuty, Indiana;
and that the Mud petitions and resolutions be laid upon the
table.
On motion by Mr. HALL, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Public Lands be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the petition of
citizen^ of Washington county, Ohio, in favor ofagrantof
land to the Independent School Association of the Common-
wealth of Wesley ; the pcution of citizens of Wisconsin,
relative to an extension of the right of preemption on th«
Menomonee tract; and the petition of citizens of Pennsyl-
vania, in favor of a grant of land in aid of the Pittsbuig
and Erie Railroad Company; and that the said petitions be
laid on the table.
