2334
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 25,
Mr. DAWSON. I was about to call for the
yeas and nays on that last question. As I am up,
I will make an inquiry for my own information.
It was stated by the Senator from Maine, [Mr.
Hamlin,] that the printing of the Departments
could be done for one half the cost of the printing
for Congress. That declaration having been made
by a friend of the bill 
Several Senators. Oh, no, no. He is no friend
of the bill.
Mr. DAWSON. Well, he is by no means
desirous of preventing the object of the bill from
being carried into execution. The matter will
create an impression on the public mind that we
are intending to impose on the country. It is now
announced publicly to the country, by a Senator
who is fully informed upon the subject, who is
chairman of the Committee on Printing, that we
are to pay double the amount which we would
otherwise have to pay, and double the amount for
this printing which Government has usually paid.
I do not know thatthisis actually so. My atten-
tion has been called to it; the impression has been
made upon my mind, and it will be made upon
the mind of the country. The interrogatory will
be propounded, " Why is this done?" Is it to
make an appropriation of the public money to a
printer who is to be elected without any con-
sideration for such money ? If that be so—and
it has been so announced, and has not been con-
troverted or denied—will it not be a strange fact
to present to our constituents?
Several Senators. No, no!
Mr. DAWSON". Gentlemen may say " No;"
but I say, " Yes;" and I have come to that con-
clusion, not from any disposition to embarrass the
bill, for in that respect I have not opened my
mouth. I wanted to know whether the fact is as
I have stated, or if any friend of the measure
will deny the assertion. If there be any such, let
him rise, and give his reasons for stating that it is
not true. I desire to vote understandingly upon
the subject, for I am not going voluntarily to give
a vote which may take money out of the Treas-
ury, without any adequate consideration for the
same. I do not say that this is so; but the decla-
ration was made by the Senator from Maine, and
it has not been controverted.
Mr. RUSK. I know that every question which
comes up at this time—near as we are to the
month of November—will be something like the
Indian's barrel of whisky. I was present on one
occasion at an Indian " talk," when a man drove
up with a barrel of whisky; an old Indian who
was sitting by, lixed his eye on the barrel, and
after looking earnestly for some time, asked me if
I knew what was in that barrel. I said it was
whisky, I presumed. No, said he; there are
about a thousand songs and fifty fights in that
barrel. I do not believe that any proposition can
be brought here about this time, which will not
contain a vast number of political speeches, and a
lar^e amount of party and presidential capital.
I know very little about printing. I was placed
on the Committee on Printing by the Senate, and
what little knowledge I have has been acquired
amidst many other pressing duties. When I
went upon the committee, I was anxious that a
tariff of prices should be fixed. I wished that that
point should be settled, so that there might be no
mistake, and that every one might have an oppor-
tunity of seeing what was done, and what was
paid for it. I did not care how many stump
speeches were made, or how much political capital
was manufactured on the subject. I desired thp.
printing should be promptly done, and I was will-
ing that a fair, liberal, and remunerative price
should be paid for it. I knew that it was all-im-
portant that the printing should be done well, and
should be done promptly; and I knew that the
public printer frequently stands by, and has noth-
ing to do for weeks, and that, suddenly, a larg^e
quantity of work is forced upon his hands, to be
executed before the next morning. I knew, also,
that public printing was no ordinary system of
printing, and that the person who took the con-
tract was exposed to much trouble, and heavy
expense—he must have hands whether he had
work or not.
My object, then, was to ascertain what would
be a reasonable and remunerative price, and to
pay that price. I had no wish that the Govern-
ment of the United States should employ men to
do its work at a ruinous loss, for I have always
been of opinion that the "laborer is worthy of
his hire." A few days after I went on the com-
mittee we fixed on the tariff of prices that was to
be paid on the contract entered into with Gideon
& Co., and Donelson & Armstrong, and about
which so much has been said. We sent for sev-
eral persons, disinterested printers—for, as I have
said, I knew nothing about printing myself—and
we made an attempt to fix fair and remunerative
prices. We did so. Subsequently, the whole
matter was brought up in the House of Represent-
atives. I had nothing to do with that; but a
special committee was appointed by the House of
Representatives, and at the head of that com-
mittee was an honorable gentleman from Ken-
tucky, a man of great intelligence, above the sus-
picion of being influenced by party considerations.
Being a member of the Senate Committee, 1 was
invited to be present when they attempted to frame
a bill. I accepted the invitation, and went, and
listened to the discussions. I found several high-
ly-intelligent gentlemen there, Whigs and Dem-
ocrats, men of high character and great intelli-
gence. 1 think the majority were Whigs. There
were also several Whig and Democratic printers
present, perhaps half a dozen in all. Every item
was taken up and discussed, and, after a good
deal of consultation, rates were fixed upon, which
were regarded as being perfectly fair and reason-
able.
It is now said that this bill is introduced for the
purpose of making the fortune of some especial
favorite. I am not a participator in any such pro-
ject. I never intend to give votes with such an
object in view, and never shall give such votes. I
belong to the Democratic party, and shall always
give to the members of that party such patronage
as I have in my power fairly and justly to give,
but will never give anything which I may regard
as unjust. I have described the manner in which
the tariff of prices was formed; and, from what I
saw, I was induced to believe that it was reason-
able. It was framed in accordance with the best
information that could be obtained; and in sup-
porting it now, 1 do not conceive that I am open
to the charge of voting a fortune into any man's
hand. At the time those prices were agreed on,
no one supposed that it would produce a fortune
to any one; all Whigs and Democrats viewed it as
a fair and reasonable compensation for the work to
be done. But I am aware that the exact amount
to be paid is immaterial to the views of some per-
sons, and I am aware that if that amount was in-
creased twenty-five or fifty per cent, there would
be no more political capital made out of it than
there will be now. All this outcry, I think, will
die off after November next.
Mr. PRATT. I do not think that the anecdote
of the barrel of whisky, told by the Senator from
Texas, is entirely applicable to my amendment.
Mr. RUSK. I was speaking to the bill, not to
the amendment offered by the honorable Senator,
[Mr. Pratt,] which had been acted upon by the
Senate.
The PRESIDENT. That amendment has been
decided in the negative.
Mr. PRATT. Then I do not understand what
we are discussing. I thought the question on the
amendment offered by me was still pending.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on the
general provisions of the bill.
Mr. RUSK. Allow me to say that I spoke in
reply to the Senator from Georgia [Mr. Dawson.]
I made no reference to the amendment offered by
the Senator from Maryland, [Mr. Pratt,] for
that was decided.
Mr. PRATT. I understood that the yeas and
nays were called for on that question.
The PRESIDENT. Not until after the Chair
had announced the decision.
Mr. DAWSON. I rose to call for the yeas
and nays.
The PRESIDENT. Yes; but not until after
the vote was declared.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I merely wish to mention
one fact, iti addition to what has been said by the
Senator from Texas: After the tariff was framed
by the committee, composed of Whigs and Dem-
ocrats, and sanctioned by the House of Repre-
sentatives, on the motion of a Democratic member
of the House of Representatives, twenty-five per
cent, was deducted fiom the prices agreed upon
by the committee for the greater part of the work.
So that the bill has actually come to us with a
ieduction of twenty-five per cent, on the prices
agreed on by the committee of the two Houses.
In view of this fact, I think it will appear that we
have ample security that the prices proposed in
the bill are not too much for the work.
Mr. SMITH. I wish to inquire from my
friend from Texas, whose fairness in regard to
this matter 1 never doubted in the least, whether
he understood that, when the committee had gen-
tlemen before them for the purpose of making an
inquiry into the prices of composition, press-work,
and so forth, the committee had this specific bill
under consideration?
Mr. RUSK. By no means. I said that we had
fixed on a tariff to apply to the temporary con-
tract which was made with Messrs. Gideon &
Co., and with Messrs. Donelson & Armstrong;
and I said that we had some practical printers
there, who agreed about the prices that should
be paid on that contract. I think that the Com-
mittee on Printing had nothing to do with this bill,
except that two of the members were present at
the meeting of the special committee, to which I
have referred.
Mr. SMITH. I wish to inquire whether the
Senator from Texas has compared all the items of
the contract that was made with Gideon & Co.
and Donelson & Armstrong?
Mr. RUSK. No, I have not.
Mr. SMITH. Nor have I. I have not had the
opportunity to do so; and thus, it appears to me,
that we are legislating entirely in the dark. No-
body knows what the prices of this bill are; and
if it passes, I am perfectly certain—admitting
that it is not the intention of the honorable Sena-
tor to confer exorbitant profits on anyone—that
it will put an enormous fortune into the hands of
the printer, the very first Congress that it goes
into effect. I deeply regret that the chairman of
the Committee on Printing [Mr. Hamlin] is not
present; he is more conversant with these details
than I am, and would be much more able to point
out to the Senate the probable results of the meas-
ure. He totally objected to give to Donelson &
Armstrong and Gideon & Co. the prices which
the committee agreed to give. He considered that
it was exorbitant—altogether too much. „Why,
sir, during the first Congress that such prices were
given for the whole work, it would realize to any
man a fortune of §100,000, and the system would
break itself down by the weight of its own corrup-
tion.
I do not wish to obtrude myself unreasonably
upon the Senate on this subject. I had a series
of amendments which I contemplated to propose
to this bill, with the view of changing its charac-
ter in several essential particulars; but I see clearly
that a majority of the Senate are determined to
take the bill anyhow, and therefore I will not un-
necessarily consume the public time by proposing
amendments here which I know will be unavail-
ing. Still I desire to say, m all candor, thatl re-
gard this as an improvement upon the old system—
I mean the system which existed prior to the con-
; tract system. The separation of the supply of
1 paper from the composition and press-work is a
very great improvement, and I am inclined to
think that the appointment of a Superintendent is
a great improvement. There is much in the bill
that I really approve; and if we only had time for
its consideration, which we might have taken since
last December, we might have had a well-matured
system of printing now in operation. But, sir,
I see no necessity for passing this bill during the
present session; and if the honorable Senator will
consent to let it he over until the next session, I
will undertake to satisfy him that it is wrong in
many essential particulars.
There are features in the bill, which I admit,
are a decided improvement. I admit that, as we
manage the contract system now, it has proved a
failure; and, I will admit further, that the existing
state of things is absolutely intolerable. But there
are some features in this bill which I regard as
downright enormities. When I use that word I
do not impeach the motives of any honorable Sen-
ator. But here is the departmental printing let
out to the lowest bidder, and is done satisfactorily
to the head of every Department; and I give no-
tice that I will insert in my published remarks the
letters which I have from all the heads of Depart-
ments, or I will have them brought in here and
read. Here is a system in operation, which is an
admirable system, a system free from every impu-
