558
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 13,
such occupation of the whole of the.islimd was continued
until'some time in 1827, and of part of it until thy year
*^"*33 The memorialists complain that the naval officers
interfered with their plans ^pf building and arranging their
town Jots, and built their store-houses without any regard
to such lots; that they exercised exclusive authority over
the island, in the name of the United States, and did not
permit the memorialists to do in all things as they pleased.
"4th. That three hundred cords of cut and piled, wood
were taken and used by the officers of the Navy, and an
unknown quantity of wood was cut and used by them.
" 5th. That the memorialists owned a large stock of hogs
and sheep, which ran at large on the island, which they
were compelled wholly to abandon.
"6th. That the very large profits which might have ac-
crued to them from the commerce of the place, were lost by
the transformation of the port of entry into a military tri-
bunal. A
" The items of clairiwet up by the memoralist*, are as fol-
lows, viz :
" 1st. For the forcible occupation and use of Key West
for a period of three and one half years.
"s.Jd. For damages in consequence of their inability to
induce the employment of capital there in salt-making.
« 3d. For depreciation of the value of Key West to its
proprietor, growing out of its use, by the United States.
" 4th. For three hundred cords of wood forcibly taken.
"5th. For live hundred cords of wood forcibly cut and
used.
"6th. For three hundred sheep.
«7th. For two hundred hogs.
"Florida was ceded to the United States in 1819, and
possession was taken of the territory on the 10th of July,
1821; the memoralist says that he took possession of the
island of Key-West, in December, 1823. The principal
part of the claim of the memoralist is bottomed upon the
hypothesis that in Decmber, 1P93. ho had a lawful right to
take possession of the island without waiting to have his
claim admitted and recognized by the Government of the
United States, and that, of course, the interference by the
officers of the Government with his possession was illegal.
In both these positions the committee are of opinion that
the memoralist is mistaken. The grants, made by the Span-
ish Government of lands m Florida before the treaty of ces-
sion, unless the grantees were in actual possession at the
time the territory was delivered to the United States, were
not acknowledged as valid until they had been so recog-
nized by the appropriate tribunal, and did not give any legal
right to such grantee to place himself m possession.
" The memoralist produces no evidence of title to the inl-
and in question, but Uu: committee have taken it for gj anted
that his claim is as he states it, one not yet patented,
and therefore not definitively acknowledged by the United
rttatcs; and with tin* view ofit, they are of opinion that the
jirst three items in the specification of his claim cannot
be allowed.
If the law did allow claimants und< i Hpam^h grants,
standing in the situation of the memorialist, to liilce posses-
sion and^urvey out for ih ?mseJve«* the territory granted, and
so the memorialist had u right to take and hold exclusive
possession of the island in 1&23, it la admitted by the me-
morialist that it was made a naval station, and uf-ed by the
naval department as such, at the piessing instance and re-
quest of the memorialist, and that the inemorialisthas been
paid his own price tor such giounds as were occupied for
the public service; nor docs it appear that the officers m
command on that station interfered in any way with the
occupancy and use of the residue of the island by the me-
morialist and his associates, or prevented them fiom using
the natural advantages of the island in the maunfacture of
salt. There is, therefore, no equitable claim against the
Government for those specifications.
As to the claim for the use of the memorialist's shepp,
hogs, and firewood, the evidence adduced is extieinely loose,
indefinite and eontradjctoiy: but in* unnecessary for Cou-
gres* to legislate upon this part of the claim, for if the me-
morialist has tuinished three supplies for the Navy, upon
application and due pjoof of the /.icl  to tin* piopei'depait-
nient, the existing laws authorize payment tu he made for
them.
Your committee, ihereioie, lepon the lolloumg resolu-
tion:
Resolved* That the praver of the memoi ia!i-r uniett-
Honable, and cannot be granted."
Unreasonable, indeed, the claim was then, and
it is not. less unreasonable now.
Mr. FISH. When was thru report m d«?
Air. hATAHD. In 1840, when all the facts
which now appear in the papers were brought he-
fore the BotMtt', ami were in existence and m the
knowledge ot the parties, f presume, therefore,
that they were brought before the committee; hut
if they were withheld it was the fault of the claim-
ants.
As I said before, there is no ground of claim for
any damages arising out of any legal order. The
wood which wi:h taken has been paid for. The
land which was occupied has been paid for. As
to the occupation of the island under martial law,
ur asi the place for the sitting of a military tribu-
Commodore Porter did that, he went be-
yond the warrant which his orders allowed him to
£0: and it an officer transgresses the orders which
are given him by the Department, and inflicts
injury upon a citizen as regards his rights of prop- ,
my, he puts tne Government under no responsi-
oihry, but is himself responsible. No order was ,
Hiven to him to establish there a military tribunal5 ,
no order was given to him to put the island under i
martial law; but simply to establish a deodt and >
naval static# there. That was all- And for the
land which was taken to fulfill that order the claim-
ant has been paid. If the opinion of Mr. Legare
be correct—and I hold it clear that it is so—there
can be no responsibility on the part of the Gov-
ernment to pay these individuals for any alleged
acts of injury inflicted by the arbitrary orders of
Commodore Porter.
For my own part,! give' but little credence to
the ex parte testimony now brought forward and
pftmulgated, when Commodore Porter is not here
to answer it, and when it is not corroborated by
the reports he made to the Government in the
course of his official duties as commander of the
post. Therefore I cannot sanction such a claim
by my judgment and my vote. For these rea-
sons I am opposed to the claim altogether. I think
it appears, oft examination of the papers, that this
is a speculative claim. The parties, having no in-
terest in the island at all, invited the attention of
1 the Government to it at a time when they were
| probably negotiating for its purchase. They asked
! the Government to establish a naval station there,
| so that the island might grow into importance.
1 They then purchased an old Spanish claim for
1 $2,000, The Government, after the recommenda-
tion was made by them, sent an officer ttfte and
established a depot. Thus these parties^firived
advantages from that. They were enabled to
settle the island, fthich had before been a resort
for smugglers and pirates. This they could not
have done without the establishment of the depdt
by the Government. Having received all thesead-
vantages from the Government, they immediately
began to quarrel with the officers as to all their
acts. But now, conceding that some of these acts
were arbitrary, we do not know the exigencies of
the case. We cannot judge of thenccessity of the
ease, because the officers are not here to explain,
and he who had the chief command has passed
away from earth.
I submit, then, that under these circumstances,
there is 110 ground of claim at all upon the Gov-
ernment; and that the parties have really received
from the Government $17,000 for what cost them
but $2,000. This is a claim for contingent dam-
ages; not legal damages—not damages growing
out of any recognized principle of liability. If the
facts which they allege be true—and they are sus-
tained only by some?# parte testimony—theparties
would unquestionably have brought a civil suit
against Commodore Porter, in his lifetime, in
order to determine to what extent his authority
went. Then there would have been a decision as
jj to how far the powers of a military or naval officer
;j of the UnitW. States under such circumstances ex-
tended.
'\ Mr. MALLORY. I have always been accus-
!j tnmcd to hear that any private claim upon the
'< Government, however justly founded, might very
!| well he handed over to one's heirs, executors, and
j administrators, and that an appeal to Congress for
■j indemnity for the acts of the officers of the Gov-
,, eminent was about the last resort which a wise
j: man would ever attempt. 1 am somewhat con-
i' fumed in this idea by the opposition to this bill. ]
:! 1 am very happy to have an oppoitunity to record 1
my vote in its favor, nnd to answer presumptions i
1 of fact and law which have been here made against '
it. And first, T know that tl^phonorable Senator
who opposes this bill, when he finds he has totally
misapprehended nnd totally misstated thefacts, will
be the first to say so. 1 will commence where the
hon^able Senator left oil—that this is a specula-
; tive^Bkiin. This idea, I suppose, is based upon
,j the presumption, that an individual has no right to
compete with the Government, has no right to
'  make a purchase with the view of selling to the
Government. T will not discuss that proposition
for n moment, f do not suppose that any senwi-
: bie r.ian denies the ri^'lit of a private individual to
' iiKike a purchase in view of the value of his prop-
j erty being enhanced by the wants of the Govern-
ment; but the iact that years before the propo-
sition was held out to the Government by our
, merchants and citizens to suppress piracy in the
GuIfofAJ<'\ieo, thepurchase was negotiated. This
purchase was undertaken upon private account for
one gentleman, who sold out to three others, ma-
king tour proprietors long before any suggestions
, of its occupancy by the Government'of the United
| States was indulged in. Instead of these parties
. giving $2,000 for this property, it has cost them
i at least $50,000. Instead of tRe island being over
seven hundred acres, it is four and a half miles long
by a little over a mile wide.
It appears that in 1821 and 1822 the Govern-
ment became impressed, through the memorials of
merchants, ship-masters, and others, with the ne?
cessity of suppressing piracy in the Gulf of Mex-
ico, and on the shores of Cuba. A depot and
rendezvous for this purpose were absolutely es-
sential, and no ottier point in that vicinity could
by any possibility be selected as a rendezvous.
The wants of the Governmeut therefore compelled
them to take Key West. It was at that time pri-
vate property. It was a valuable Spanish grant,
which was confirmed under the treaty with Spain,
and subsequently recognized as legal by the prop-
er tribunal. The purchase of this grant, and the
necessary steps in order to have their title con-
firmed, cost these proprietors over $50,000. What
orders did the Government give to Commodore
Porter? *A great deal has been said about the
injury to private property, and suits to be brought
against the ofiicer. The orders of Commodore
Porter were, to proceed to the island of Key West
and occupy it. How could he occupy it without
excluding those already in occupation ? So far
from that island being then a resort for smugglers
and pirates, it was inhabited by respectable citi-
zens of the United States, men of wealth and prop-
erty, who had moved there knowing that it was
one of the most salient points in that part of the
country," knowing that it must become the great
depot for the southwestern trade, and for the
manufacture of salt, then paying a duty of "ten
cents per bushel; who had established commission
houses, large warehouses, and made great prepa-
rations for carrying on trade with Cuba, Porto
Rico, and the West Indies generally. Commo-
dore Porter went there, and found the island pop-
ulated; he found municipal authorities there, and
he took possession of the island. We are now
told that if he exercised his possession to the in-
jury of private property, the parties must look to
him for indemnification. From whom did his
orders proceed? From the United States—from
the sovereign power—he had orders to occupy
the island.
Mr. BAYARD. Will the Senator be kind
enough to refer me to those orders? I got them
from the report of the committee of the House of
Representatives in 1848, and lam at variance with
him as to the question of fact. There is no order
to occupy the island as I understand it. "
Mr. MALLORY. The order was to establish
a depot and rendezvous, and wh© ever heard of a
depot and a rendezvous without the occupation of
land? Can there be such a thing? Not at all.
It is absolutely necessary to occupy the land.
The officer did occupy the land. He erected his
hospital—he erected his barracks—he erected his
prisons—he erected his repairingandrefitting-yards
there—he had. his galleys there. The inhabitants
were excluded from the occupation of their own
soil—they were precluded from selling their own
property. The Commodore only confirmed such
grants as he chose, and he exercised all the rights
of eminent domain. All this was done under the
authority of the Government. It was continued
for a period of three years. Now, does such
occupation, independent and apart from all ad-
vantages derived by the Government from it, in
defiance of private rights, give any right to in-
demnification ? I presume there can be no doubt
upon that subject; but the idea is sought to be sec
up, that because, perhaps, the island itself derived
a benefit from such occupation, that might be put
as an onset against the use of private property in
opposition to the wishes of the owners. The re-
port of the Committee on Naval Affairs, which
has been unanimous, expressly sets forth all this
evidence of occupancy, and all the injuries, or
most of the injuries done to prhate property.
And there is no idea set up there, that the island
was enhanced in the slightest degree by the occu-
pation. On the contrary, being somewhat familiar
with that part of the country, I am free to confess,
that absolutely more injury than the United Sta
can ever pay for by their occupancy, occurred in
consequence of that occupancy. I know the fact,
that many had to leave the island in consequence
of its occupancy by the Government. I know
the fact, that citizens were tied up and punished
under martial law. The law of Commodore Por-
ter was military law—he occupied the island from
the necessity of his order to establish a naval deoot
