1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2385
tation of corruption, a system in the highest de-
gree economical, a system which is satisfactory
to the Government—and why is not that system
permitted to remain as it is ? I shall take the
sense of the Senate on this point. If I had a fa-
vorable opportunity, and there were time, as there
is not, I would endeavor to shape the bill in con-
formity with what I think it should be, entertain-
ing as I do opinions in substantial coincidence
•with the chairman of the Committee on Printing,
[Mr. Hamlin.] I say that if I were encouraged
to make the effort, I would propose a series of
amendments, and I would explain precisely the
grounds on which I would put the subject.
But, as I have already said to the Senate, it is
not my practice to make efforts which I know be-
forehand will be useless. I will therefore content
myself with asking the yeas and nays on the
question, whether the majority will really insist
on breaking up the contract system, when it is
not desired by the Departments, when it is eco-
nomical and satisfactory to everybody who has
anything to do with the subject. I will content
myself with the yeas and nays, and if the Senate
choose to lay hands on the whole, why then, with
the whole, they will take the responsibility.
Mr. BRIGHT. I regret that I am compelled
to consume a moment of the time of the Senate;
but the remarks of the Senator from Connecticut
call for a reply from me. They would convey
the impression abroad, that some of the members
of this body are prepared to vote for the bill
blindly, and without any consideration as to the
amount that it would be necessary to pay out of
the public Treasury for the work. Now, I give
notice to that Senator that I do not give my votes
here in that manner, and I will tell him that be-
fore I determined whether I should vote for this
bill, 1 made inquiries relative to the scale of prices
contained in it, of a gentleman who may be con-
sidered an authority on such subjects, and whose
name I will give to the honorable Senator—it is
Mr. J. C. Rives. He informed me that the bill,
taking it as a whole, was a fair bill, and that the
prices were not too high.
Mr. HALE. 1 have here an amendment which
I offer as a substitute to the bill, striking out all
after the enacting clause. I ask that it may be
read by the Secretary.
It was accordingly read, as follows:
That there shall be appointed by the President, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate, a Superintend-
ent of the Public Punting, who shall be a piaetical printer,
of education and experience iji the business of printing, the
teitn of whose office shall be four years, unless sooner re-
moved by the President, or by jointresolution of the Senate
and House of Representatives; who shall receive an an-
nua! compensation for Ins services, of .$2,500, andgivebond
to the United States m the sum of $10,000, with sufficient
sureties, to be approved by the Seciefary of the Interior, lor
the faithful performance of the duties of hjjs office.
Srcc. 2. Jintl he it further enacted. That the said Superin-
tendent shall take charge of and be responsible for all ori-
ginal or other mattei duected by the proper authority to be
printed, and cau«e the same to be promptly executed, as
required, and shall return it in good order to the officer
from whom it was received, as may be required by such offi-
cer; and purchase for the United States, as the same may
be requned, at th« usual ond at reasonable prices, such
presses, type, and other printing materials as may be neces-
saiv for the execution of all the printing required at the seat
of 'Government, by, or tor the use of, either of the Execu-
tive Depaitmcnts of the Government, or by either or both
Houses of Consress; to employ, at the u^ual and proper
wages,such foremen,compositors, pressmen, proof-readers,
and other persons, as he shall deem indispensably neces-
sary for the accuiate, speedy, economical, and faithful exe-
cution of the public printing, and to discharge either of them
for mcompotency or other sufficient cause, to be stated by
him on the records of the office ; to purchase by contract,
after due notice for sealed proposals, of the lowest and best
bidder, and according to the quality of the samples to be
exhibited by him, all such paper as may be necessary for
said punting; and to render an account annually to each
House of Congress, (or oftener if required by eithei House,)
of nil of his expenditures for the purposes aforesaid.
Sec. 3. Jlnd be it further enacted, That it shall also be
the duty of the said Superintendent to pay, on the fiist day
of eveiy month, all bills foi the purchase of materials for
the use of the said office; and all wages due to the peisons
employed in and about said establishment, for thou labor
during the preceding week; and for that purpose he shall be
autlionzed to diaw,"monthly, from the Treasuiy of the Uni-
ted (State*, all <uch sums of money as may be required there-
for. to be ascertained by a statement thereof to be made by
him, and presented to and approved by the Secretary of the
Interior; and on such approval he shall be authonzed to
receive the taid «ums from the Treasuiy.
See. 4. Jlnd be it farther enacted, That the said Super-
intendent shall appoint a practical bookbinder, pos*es*ing a
thorough knowledge of the business, who shall receive
$1,000 a year for liis services. And the said bookbinder
may, with the appiobation of the Superintendent, employ
such bookbinders and other persons as may be indispensa-
bly necessary to a neat, prompt, and economical execution
of the folding, stitching, and binding, that may be directed
by law, or by the order of either House of Congress, or be
necessary to secure together the several sheets of which a
d^ument may consist; the wages of such bookbinders and
other persons to be regulated by those paid for similar ser-
vices in other binderies in the United States, and be paid by
the said Superintendent; and the said Superintendent shail
have the power to discharge the said binders and other per-
sons whenever the public mterestshall require, and he shall
purchase all the materials required for said binding in the
same manner as is hereinbefore directed for the purchase of
paper.
Sec. 5. Andbeitfurther enacted, That all printing di-
rected by law. or by either of the executive departments of
the General dfovernment in pursuance of law, or such as
may be necessary to the execution of law, and all other
printing directed bv the Senate or House of Representatives,
or both, and all folding, stitching, and binding required for
the same or directed by law, shall be executed at the said
public printing office, and in the manner required; but no
private printing or binding of any description whatsoever,
or for any person or persons whomsoever, shall be received
at or executed in said office; and any infraction of this pro-
hibition, by any person belonging to either of said offices,
shall be deemed and acted upon as a good cause for the
removal of such person, so offending, from public employ-
ment.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, Thatfor the regulation
and government of the persons, business, expenditures,
and every other object or matter connected with the said
public printing office, rules shall be prepared by the said
Superintendent, the Secretary of the Senate, and Clerk of
the House of Representatives, which, when confirmed and
approved by the Committees on Printing of both Houses
of Congress, &hall be binding, and shall be observed and
enforced by the said Superintendent.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That the resolution
entitled " Joint resolution directing fhe manner of procunng
the printing for the two Houses of Congress," appioved
August 3d, 1846, shall be, and the same is hereby rescinded.
Mr. HALE. This amendment, it will be per-
ceived by those who have taken the trouble to
listen to it, proposes the establishment of a Gov-
ernment printing office. In all essential improve-
ments it goes as far as the other bill does; only it
does not provide for two or three middle men be-
tween the Superintendent and the printers who
are to receive the profits. It authorizes the Super-
intendent to employ printers to do the work; it
makes the printing to be done under a bureau of
the Government. In other words, it is to have the
printing done in such a way that nobody loses on i
it. The wages are to be paid to those who do the
work. I submit the proposition to the Senate,
and ask the yeas and nays upon it.
Now permit me to say a single word in regard
to the provisions of the other bill, for which this
is a substitute. I suppose it is not worth while
for us to affect to be a great deal purer than we
are, and we might as well look at the matter as it
exists, as to pretend to mystify it. What, then,
is the fact? There are published in this city a
certain number of daily papers, and i believe that
of all the papers published in the city there is but
one that has brains enough to live upon its own
resou rces.
A Senator. "Which is that?
Mr. HALE. It is one that is not knocking at
the door of Congress for Treasury pap. But,
sir, there has been one paper which was made the
special organ of the great interests of a great por-
tion of the country, and yet it could not live. It
died; and the others are suffering under the same
complaint—a sort of collapse of the stomach; and
unless something be done for their relief, they
must follow the fate of their illustrious predecessor.
It had no brains, and therefore it could not think;
it had no heart, and therefore it could not feel; it
had no cash, and therefore it could not live.
[Laughter.] With this complication of disorders
it has gone the way of all the earth, and has left
a mournful valedictory behind it. Wei!, Mr.
President, there is danger that this complaint is
contagious, and unless something is done for the
relief of the other papers they will be apt to go
the same way. This bill is intended to subserve
great public interests—no doubt that is the object,
the highest motives of patriotism which impels
them to pursue the course they are taking—but
we cannot help looking a little at the incidental
consequences which follow their patriotic action.
I take it, sir, that without any impeachment of
the patriotism of those gentlemen who urge the
adoption of this bill, we may take a glance at
some of the incidental consequences that may re-
sult from it. I believe that is unquestionably in-
tended for the relief of some of those newspaper
establishments in this city, which cannot live
without aid. They cannot do it, Mr. President.
The experiment has been repeatedly tried here
both by Whigs and Democrats, and it has always
failed. There is something unhealthy in the air
of this District for these party organs. They can-
not live without such aid as this bill is intended to
confer. And when that is the fact, when we all
know it, what is the use of pretending ignorance
of what is obvious to all ? For my part, I think
that newspapers should live here as they do every-
where else. If they can commend themselves by
their own resources, their talents, and their in-
genuity and enterprise, to the community, so as
to be supported, it is an evidence that they are
worthy of support, and do not need our assistance.
It is only those sickly, rickety things which are
not worth raising that come and ask for aid, sim-
ply because they are unable to support them-
selves. For this reason I propose that we do our
own printing, and that we appoint a Superintend-
ent, who will know when the printing is done
well, and who will be able to act without the in-
tervention of two or three contractors. What
necessity is there for these contractors ? Suppose
you pass this bill, and it becomes law, a Super-
intendent will be appointed; if my amendment
passes a Superintendent will also be appointed.
If this bill passes, you will pay him a salary of
$2,500 a year; my amendment proposes exactly
the same thing. What, then, is the difference?
Simply this: My amendment will cause every
cent tnat is paid out of the public Treasury to
go directly into the hands of those who do the
work; but pass the bill for which this is a substi-
tute, and you will have a person elected for Su-
perintendent. You will have printers elected who
probably know as much about printing as of any-
thing else which they do not understand, and
they will stand between the Superintendent and
the workmen, for the purpose of receiving the
profits. What necessity is there for these con-
tractors? If profits are to be made, let them go to
those who have the labor to perform. But it seems
to be very much the habit of thinking with some
gentlemen who are in favor of this bill,to suppose
that it is impossible to execute any labor without
the intervention of an overseer. I do not see the
necessity of it myself. Suppose that the printers
who do this work are competent, and that the
Superintendent is competent, and able to take
charge of the establishment, what use is there for
these gentlemen contractors to come and stand
between him and the men who do the work?
There may be some object to gain, some purpose
to serve, but I am very much afraid that it does
not now meet the public eye. If we are merely
desirous of getting the public printing done prop-
erly, let us adopt this amendment, and then we
can appoint our own officers; and if they do not
perform their work properly, we can grumble to
our heart's content, and replace them by those
who will.
We have tried the contract system, and it
failed—that is conceded. We have tried the plan
of electing a public printer, and it failed—that is
conceded. Let us now, then, take the thing into
our own hands altogether; appoint our own Su-
perintendent; hire our own workmen; buy our
own paper and presses; and in that way we can
do the work to our own satisfaction, and as
cheaply as by any other mode. The only real
and substantial difference between the plan pro-
posed by the bill, and the plan proposed by my
amendment, will be that, by the latter, there will
be no middle man, no daysman, to come in be-
tween the Government and the laboiingmen. For
these reasons, I think the amendment is prefer-
able.
I beg pardon for having occupied so much of
the time of the Senate; but I have not spoken be-
fore on this subject; 1 have listened in silence to
the admonitions which Senator? have given each
other. I will not follow the example set me, by
inflicting an admonition on any one, but shall con-
tent myself by asking the yeas and nays on my
motion.
Mr. WELLER. There are many of us here
who are satisfied that the contract system, after
an experiment, has most signally failed. We are
desirous, therefore, of resorting to the old plan of
electing a public printer, who shall be responsible
to Congress for the manner in which he discharges
his official duties. Being satisfied of that, the
first question which naturally presents itself is,
what compensation shall be allowed to this public
printer? Now, Senators who have no knowledge
whatever upon the subject of piinting, would very
naturally inquire with regard to it of those whose
