1472
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 25.
efit themselves, and they render services which j
this Government has always been bound and i
happy to recognize. That isthe way they go. 1
Mr. SUTHERLAND. What is the use of
surveying lands?
Mr. HALL. I will tell the gentleman what is
the use of surveying the lands ? It is in order to
fix exactly what amount each man will have with-
out controversy and without litigation.
Mr. SUTHERLAND. Do they have it by
settlement ?
Mr. HALL. Yes, by settlement and purchase.
Mr. MOREHEAD. I wish the gentleman
from Missouri [Mr. Hall] to give me some in-
formation, as he is well informed upon this sub-
ject of public lands. I wish to ask the gentleman
if a settler should have a dwelling upon one quar-
ter section of land, and his plantation upon an an-
other, and some one should go and settle between
them, whether he would be entitled to both quar-
ter sections ?
Mr. HALL. I will answer the gentleman. In
the first place, it confers upon the settler, upon
unsurveyed public lands, precisely the same rights,
and no other, which the act of 1841 confers upon
the settler upon surveyed public lands. The pro-
vision of the act of 1841 is, that no man shall have
more than one quarter section of land. As to the
case put by the gentleman, if a settler shall have
his dwelling upon one quarter section, and his
fields upon another, he will be compelled to take
the quarter section upon which his dwelling is.
[A message was here received from the Senate
by the hands of their Secretary, Asbfry Dickiks,
Esq.]
Mr. HALL resumed. The gentleman trom
New York [Mr. Sutherland] says that the true
policy of this Government is to settle land** in a
solid column, and not to have the sparse settle-
ments which have heretofore prevailed m the set-
tlement of the West I do not know what sonof
law, and what sort of arrangements may be neces-
sary in ordfr to accomplish the object which the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Sutherland]
has in view. I do know, however, that under the
arrangements we have heretofore had—notwith-
standing the argumentof the gentleman from New
York has been always urged against a liberal sys-
tem towards the West—for his argument is noth-
ing less, and it was urged when the first preemp-
tion law was pressed upon the consideration
of the House—the settlement of the West has
gone forward; and we know that, notwithstand-
ing the evils which he says are incident to this
state of things, the West 1ms prospered more than
any other country on the face of the earth. I am
not, therefore, willing to abandon this system, and
adopt another, in order to accommodate the views
of the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Suther-
land.] ft is too late to adopt his doctrine now.
Mr. ALLISON. I wish to ask the gentleman
a question, and it is this. Theieare now pend-
ing before the Senate three or four propositions
by which, if they are confirmed, we will a<-quiie
a very laige territory from the Indians in Minne-
sota. I wish to ask the gentleman if these trea-
ties are confirmed, if this bill does not open the
whole of these lands to settlement before they are
survey wl?
Mr. HALL. It does." f will state, however,
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, that f pre-
sume the object of acquiring those lands and ex-
tinguishing the Indian title, is to open them to
settlement: and as soon as the Indian title is ex-
tinguished, we will have them surveyed; and as
soon as they are surveved they are subject to the
right of preemption. The only effect of this bill
will be to protect those who settle upon the lands
before they are surveyed---who are just as merit-
orious as those who settle upon th^m subsequent
to their survey. Gentlemen inquire if lands in
California wtil be subject to the operation of this
bill ? 1 answer, that the lands in California, which
are not mineral lands, will be subject to the pre-
emption under this bill, and this b'lll confers the
right of preemption upon the terms conferred by
the act of 1S41. That expressly excludes from its
operation mineral lands; and all lands in Califor-
nia, therefore, in which the gold mines are situ-
ated, and containing- any other mineral, are not
embraced in the provisions of the substitute pro-
posed by the Committee on Public Lands. One
word in reply to the inquiry made by the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Bell,] why it is, if our ob-
ject be to protect settlers in Wisconsin, that other
persons are included. I will tell the gentleman
why. The Senate bill proposed to include nobody
but the settlers upon lands in Wisconsin. The
Committee® on Public Lands thought that if it
was right to protect settlers upon the unsurveyed
public lands in Wisconsin, it was right to protect
settlers upon the unsurveyed lands in Minnesota,
Oregon, California, and Iowa. If the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Bell] does not like our amend-
ment, let him vole it down, and vote for the bill
of the Senate, and he will greatly protect the set-
tlers in Wisconsin.
Mr. STUART. As the gentleman intends to
move the previous question, I wish him to give
me an opportunity of offering an amendment to this
bill, that its provisions shall not extend to the
State of California. Our whole system in regard
to this State is undetermined. I have been look-
ing to the act with regard to the effect of the pre-
emption laws upon the mineral lands. The lan-
guageis that the right shall not apply to any lands
where mines are known to exist. I doubt not,
there are many places m California where mines
in fact exist, but where that fact is unknown. It
is not a fair distribution of the property of that
State, to allow it to be taken by preemptive right,
until the whole policy in regard to it is settled.
What I wish to propose in regard to this bill, is
simply to add a short section, declaring that the
provisions of this act shall not apply to any land
in the State of California.
Mr. HALL. I have no objection to that amend-
ment being offered, but I think it is entirely wrong.
If 1 can yield the floor for the purpose of having
it offered, 1 will give the gentleman an opportunity
of doing so.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I wish to suggest
to the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Hall,] that
the morning hour has expired, and 1 hope he will
insist upon the pievious question, foi the business
of the past week, which was teiritorial business,
ought to be now taken up and disposed of.
Mr. EVANS. Has the morning hour expired ?
The SPEAKER.. It has not by nearly three
minutes.
Mr. HALL. Before the morning hour shall
expire, T move the previous question,
i Mr. EVANS. I hope the gentleman from Mis-
| souri [Mr. Hali] will withdraw it.
j Mr. HALL. I will withdraw ir. ,
j Mr. EVANS. 1 do not desire to occupy the
| time of this House. There have been already
! surveyed m the United States, and now subject to
entry, countless mil lions of acres of land, es fertile
land as ran be found on the face of the globe—
lands which are notsettled, and will not probably
be settled for a great many years. This being the
case, why is it that this bill, and bills of a similar
character, are pressed here ? It is intended to dis-
organize ihe whole landed system of the coun-
try. The object of this measuie is to overturn
fiom the foundation ail those settled principles in
regaid to public laiida which have always gov-
erned us. The design is to grant to certain Sfates
of the Union, without regard to the rights of the
remainder of these States, everything that lies
m their borders. That design is fast approaching
. to its consummation, and its execution.
Mr. HALL, i will only state to the gentleman
that i should be most happy to see the public lands
ceded to the Sta'cs m which they are situated, nor.
upon terras unjust, but upon terms which aie just
to the old States.
Mr. EVANS. The terms of justice proposed
1 by the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Hall]
strike no mind but his own. They are not such
; as will impress themselves upon any court of
; equity in this country. They aie those which
! presume, and have always presumed, that every-
thing has been denied to the land lying west of the
i Alleghany ridge. +
'• Mr. ASHE. Has not the morning hour ex-
' pired ?
The SPEAKER. It has expired.
] CONTESTED ELECTION.
! Mr. ASHE. I desire to call up the repoit of
• the Committee on Elections, made some weeks
■ since. It is a privileged question, and therefore I
ask that it be disposed of now.
Mr. WILDRICK, from the Committee on En-
j rolled Bills, reported as correctly enrolled the fol-
| lowing bills, which received the signature of the
' Speaker, viz:
| . An act to legalize certain entries of public lands
i made in the State of Florida;
j An act for the relief of Sylvanus Blodget:
! An act for the relief of Robert Milligan;
, An act for the relief of William Greer; and
! An act for the relief of John W. Robinson,
i Mr. EVANS resumed the floor.
| Mr. BAYLY, ofVirginia. I believe it in m
J order to move to go into the Committee of the
; Whole on the state of the Union?
1 The SPEAKER. It is in order to move that
: the House go to the business upon the Speaker's
' table. That is a motion for which a gentleman
j can be arrested in his remarks.
i Mr. EVANS. He cannot arrest me for any
i other purpose.
; The SPEAKER. Whilst the proposition of
i the gentleman from North Carolina is one of priv-
1 ilege, still, under an express rule of the House,
| the gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Evans] can-
i not be driven from the floor by any such prop-
osition. He can, underthe rule, however, be ar-
rested at the expiration of the morning hour for
the purpose of submitting a motion that the House
proceed to the business upon the Speaker's table.
Mr. ASHE. That is the motion which I make.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I submit a
question, whether, under theorder made yesterday
by which reports were to be called, for one hour,
a continuance longer than that time is not, neces-
sarily, excluded by the very terms of the resolu-
tion itself, and whether that business is not ar-
rested at the expiration of the morning hour?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it would
be competent for the House to continue to receive
reports from committees the whole day.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I was not aware of that.
I wish to ask the gentleman from North Carolina,
[Mr. A>>he,] and to suggest to him the propriety
of taking this election ease up to-morrow or next
day, and go to something else to-day.
Mr. ASHE. In answer to my ftlend from
Tennessee I will remark, that I feel a very great
indisposition to press this matter on the House
when the House is not willing to take it up; but
it has been now pending four or live months, and
a report has been made in the House some three
weeks. I consider it but an act of justice to the
House that it should be considered. I must insist
upon it as a privileged motion.
Mr. STUART. I believe it is now in order to
move to go into the Committee of the Whole oa
the state of the Union; and I make that motion.
The SPEAKER. There is a motion pending
to go to the business upon the Speaker's table.
Mr. STUART. 1 am aware of that; but is it
not in order at the same time to submit this mo-
tion ? I submit that while the floor cannot be
taken from the gentleman from Maryland for any
purpose-except to proceed to the business upon
the Speaker's table, yet that when that motion is
submitted, and befoie the question is taken upon
it, it is in oider to move to suspend the rules,and
20 into the Committee of the Whole on the cta*e
of the TJn ion.
The SPEAKER. That has been the practice
of the House by general consent, but the Chair
doubts whether, strictly speaking, it would be in
order until the motion to go to the business upon
the Speaker's table has been disposed of.
Mr. EVANS. If the floor is left to me to-mor-
iow, I am perfectly willing to go to the business
upon the Speaker's table, or anything else.
The SPEAKER. The sense of the House as
to the business it will prefer, can be as easily as-
certained upon the motion of the gentleman "from
North Carolina, [Mr. Ashe.]
The question was then put upon the motion to
proceed to the business upon the Speaker's table,
and it was decided in the affirmative—ayes 126,
noes not counted.
Mr. STUART. I now submit the motion that
the rules be suspended, and that the House re-
solve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
Mr. ASHE. I rise to a question of privilege.
I have been informed, and I believe that a ques-
tion touching* the qualification and return of a
member of this House is a question of privilege.
I have made a report touching the qualifications*of
a member of this House, and as it is, therefore, a
question of privilege, I hold that that question
has a preference.
The SPEAKER. As a question of privilege,
