560
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 13.
was property occupied by the United States; that
he gave thfern orders to pen up their hogs, and that'
in consequence they were obliged to abandon them;
that he prohibited settlers going there and locating
without his authority; that he established martial
law; that he punished individuals; that he inter-
fered, as to vessels that were stranded there, in the
jurisdiction of one of these parties—John White-
head—who was a notary publie, and who, being
a notary public under the laws of Florida, pro-
nounced judgment for salvers, and made salvage
to be allowed; and, in order to carry out his own
decree, he being entitled to one per cent, commis-
sion—this is one ground of the claim—made an
order for the condemnation of a vessel on the plea
of salvage. There*was no other jurisdiction to do
It. He juas allowed, under the laws, one per cent,
commission. To carry his order into effect, he
put it into the hands of P. Green & Co., a firm of
which he-was, a member, and directed that they
should receive the commission of five per cent.
To this Commodore Porter objected, and said that,
as regarded the share to which the officers were
entitled, he would not permit it to be sold by
that auctioneer, at five per cent, commission,
because one per cent, was the compensation.
Whether this was right or wrong, I cannot de-
termine, nor need I. X mention it as one of the
series of acts complained of. But all the acts
complained of, if they took place, arose from the
unauthorized conduct of Commodore Porter. Ac-
cording to the orders received from the Navy
Department, he was to establish a barracks and
depot there. They did not require the whole
island to be taken possession of. No orders were
fiven to him to take possession of the whole.
f is orders did not require martial law to be estab-
lished. If he established it, he did it at his own
peril. They did not require that an individual
should not be permitted to build a house on his
own property without the permission of Commo-
dore Porter. If he required that, he did it at his
own peril. These are the claims for damages.
The properly occupied by the barracks and cus-
tom-house has been paid for. The wood was
paid for in i84(i. The Navy Department having
examined officers, and the proof being indefinite,
averaged the quantity of wood for the number of
vessels there, and the probable consumption, and
allowed $3,600 for the wood consumed. In the
case of the hogs, it is very clear that Commodore
Porter had no right to give the order to pen them
up, and the Government are not responsible for it.
Jt was illegal. If the hogs were destroyed, unless
they were taken for the use of the Government,
certainly there is no ground against the Govern-
ment for compensation. If Senators feel any
<loubton the principle involved here, let them read
the opinion of Mr. Legare in the Sibbald case.
They will see ihnt the ground for damages in that
case was the same as here. Mr. Legare clearly
lays down the rule for damages. It is found in ,
the second volume of the Opinions of Attorneys 1
General. It discriminates the extent to which the
Government is responsible. Within the princi-
ples of that opinion, there is not one item in the
claim here that has not been paid for.
Whether the price of $4,000 for the land on
which the custom-house stands at Key West,
which had been barren land before, was extrava-
gant, does not appear in the papers. It does ap-
pear that the parties were willing to take it. I see
nothing of liberality on their part towards the
Government. I do not see that they charged less
than the value ol the land, unless they supposed
that additional advantages would be gained to
them, arising from the "erection of the custom-
house near their property, and that they would
receive benefits in that way. At all events, it was
a matter of agreement, and they were paid for
the ground. So, too, as to the barracks. I can
see no good claim for damages upon the Govern-
ment on the part of the claimants here.
There is one other fact which I will mention. ;
I here « a vast deal of indefinite proof in this 1
case. The papers show that Salas was the Span- !
ish grantee in 1815. The communication which i.
was made by Simonton to the Department, in- 1
viting attention to this island, is dated December 1
if i •
Mr. DAWSON. Will the Senator from Dela-
ware read that."
Mi. BA1ARD. I will. The Senate will un-
derstand that at the time this communication was
written, Simonton was not tire owner of the island,
but whether he was then in a negotiation for its
purchase, we cannot tell. I think that probably
he was; and that was one of the reasons why I
gave it the name of a speculative claim:
"' Key West' is a small island, immediately on the edge
of the Florida stream, situated m latitude—, seventy-five
miles north by west from Havana, and eighty-five miles
from Matanzas, and quite contiguous to. most of the outposts
on the north side of Cuba—say, Bay of Honda, Cabannas,
Mariel, St. John's de los Remedions, Arraco, 8cc., &c.,
fighich are all places of considerable trade, and depend
iffmost entirely upon Havana for their supplies; it has an
uncommon laige and safe harbor, where men-of-war, with
any draught of wat^r, may enter and lie with safuty; it, has
two never-failing springs of water, one of which is quite
convenient to the harbor,^and wood in great abundance.
An establishment at this island would be of great import-
ance to the Government, as well as to the merchants of the
United States, as a haibor and rendezvous for our vessels
of w ar, it being one of ihe most commanding places on the
whole coast of Florida.
"The revenue that would arise from the importation of
sugar, coffee, &c., productions of the Island of Cuba, as
weJl as from otherplaccsin the Bay of Mexico, the distance
being so short that an immense deal of property would be
sent there, as well as specie, in vessels which seldom go
now from the coast of Cuba, arid receive in payment theie
the productions of the United States, which trade would he
of great advantage to the American commerce. It would
be an excellent haibor foi our merchant vessels to touch at
bound to and fiom the Bay of Mexico to the UiuUl^States,
in cases of distress, which too frequently happen Wren they
have no other place to touch at except a port m the Island
of Cuba, whore they are subject to heavy expenses.
(t It is the only eligible situation for a deput of wrecked
property on the-'whole coast 01 Florida. We are at this
time wholly dependent on the wreckers of New Providence
for the protection of our property in the case of ehipwicck ;
and when that oecuis, it is carried to New Providence,
which affords a living for more than five hundred persons,
and employs fifty or sixty vessel*, and produces a laige rev-
enue to the Government, and a great pecuniary benefit to
the merchants of that place, because a salvage is generally
allowed of from fifty to seventy-five per cent.
" If thi.s place was made a port of entry, it would in all
probability become a place of depot for the productions of
other countries, particulaily those of Gieat Bntain and
France, as it may be termed a key for the whole of the Bay
of Mexico and the north side of the J«land of Cuba. Ar-
rangements are now making, and m the event of this place
being made a port of entiy, warehouses will immediately
be erected, under the dneclion of merchants reguldilv es-
tablished there. J. W. SIMONTO'N.
" Havana, December 7,1821."
It appears by the papers that Simonton did not
purchase from Salas, in Havana, until December
2G, J 891, within thirty days after the date of this
letter, as I have said. He was not the owner at
the date of the letter, but judging from its charac-
ter and from the subsequent purchase, he was ne-
gotiating for it, and endeavored to obtain the loca-
tion of the naval depot there for the improvement
of the property, and in that way he expected to
make a valuable purchase. He paid $2,000 to Sa-
las; what ms other expenses have been since, we
have no evidence here. The Senator from Florida
may be right in his estimate of what it has cost
hint. But we have nothing to do with that. 1
spoke of what the propeity cost at the time of the
purchase. It cost j>2,000, as the valueof the prop-
| erty antecedent to the time when the United States
' established the depot there. Simonton, when he
was not the owner of the island, called the atten-
tion of the Government to the establishment of
that depot, probably with a view to that purchase.
I do not say that he is not entitled to receive full
compensation for all the property which the Gov-
ernment took from him. But^jy; Government has
paid for all it took; and he OTiies here and asks
Congress to pass a bill to pay him for damages
grounded upon acts of officers, which, if true m
point of fact, transcended the orders under which
they weredirected to establish a naval dep6t there,
and for which they were responsible, and for
which they would have been made individually re-
sponsible, if the claimants had appeared in a court
of justice and established their liability, with the
evidence 011 both sides.
This island had not exactly the extraordinary
character which Simonton attributed to it in his
letter. The Government first sent Captain Perry
there, and he made a report. Then there was a
subsequent survey made by Commodore Patter-
soil.. That report is rather adverse to a perma-
nent location there, and gives strong and good
reasons why it would not do. It contains the
statement of one fact about water, which is differ-
ent from Simonton's statement, that there was not
a sufficient supply of water and wood to depend
on. So it appears in the statement of Commo-
dore Porter, when he went there in 1823. His
first report is dated April 16, 1823, and in it he
says:
"For the last two weeks our movements and occupations
have been so -varied/that, to enter into a full detail would
swell too much this communication. To be brief, there-
fore, I shall merely state, that within that time we have
built our storehouses on Thompson's Island, landed all our
stores, collected together all thescliooners of the squadron,
and stationed them at different points - on the coast of
Cuba."
I presume there can be no doubt that a rendez-
vous, for a period of three years, of a fleet of eleven
vessels, if these owners had their own establish-
ments, must have been a source of great emolu-
ment to them. But that is thrown oat of view,
and they complain of damages caused by the con-
duct of the commanding officer, which was illegal,
if-it took place. Again Commodore Porter says:
" Thrown, as we are, on a barren and desolate island,
that doe« not supply even water, I hope our situation may
be made as free from sufferings as the Depaitmcnt can,
Without inconvenience to the public interest^ make it."
Again, November 19,1823, he says:
" The fixing an establishment at Thompson's Island, for
rendezvous and supplies, as my instructions required, has
had the most happy effect in attaining the object in view."
Did that authorize him to take the whole island
into his possession? The island I stated to con-
tain seven hundred acres. The Senator from Flori-
da says it is larger. Be it so. The instructions, or
the report upon them, do not look as if he was lo
take possession of more than was necessary for the
purposes of the Government, for the barracks and
storehouses. But he continues;
e< Its vicinity to Havana, placed, as it were, in the thor-
oughfare of vessels sailing through the Gulf, makes it, in
many points of view, an object of great importance to the
United States; and although for three months in the year it
must ever remain sickly, while existing causes continue,
it is, fiom its extraordinary salubnty for the remainder of
the year, woithy a closer examination, to ascertain whether
they may not be eradicated. It is my opinion that, by
thinning the woods and draining off the heavy rains of the
month of June, thereby promoting afiee circulation of air,
evaporation, and dispersion of the water lendered stagnant
by the excessive heat of June, and which causes the rapid
decomposition of the vegetable matter with which the island
abounds, the months of August, September, and October,
might be made sufficiently healthy for the residence of man;
but at present, the poisonous effluvia arising from these
causes is almost ceitain destruction to whoevei breathes it.
"Had i been aware of its pernicious etiects, I could,
without any incoiivenicnce, have guarded against them by
an earlier removal of the ships; but it took us by surprise,
and the malignity of the disease was unparalleled. It is
certain that it originated on the island; for our ships, with
the exception of those sent to work on shore, have in their
crews enjoyed uncommon health."
In another letter of October, he speaks of it in
the same way. The proprietors themselves, in a
memorial—when or where presented does not ap-
pear, it was not to the committee—make a state- A
ment to which I will refer. It is alleged that it
was presented to the Navy Department. The
answer of the Secretary of the Navy is, that there
is not a copy of any such paper ill the Depait-
ment. Itseems improbable that it ever could have
been presented, or if presented and not acted upon,
that some further action had not been taken by the
memorialists, if the grounds of their complaint
were correct. They say:
"The proprietors of the island were highly gratified in
this early success in gaining that protection to commerce
which tiie previous exposed situation of the island required,
and their persons and property thereon, which were like-
wise very unsafe at that tune."
On the whole, looking at this case with the best
examination which I have been able to give it, I
can see no damages claimed which are not em-
braced in the report of the committee of the Sen-
ate made in 1840., There is not a paper attached
to the petition which is subsequent in point of
date to the report of that committee. There are
no new facts, nnless in the following papers, of
which the Senate will judge the value: there aie
three individuals who swear that, in their opinion,
a proper and reasonable compensation, by way of
rent for this tsland, ought to be paid by the United
States to Simonton and others. Two of them
swear to twenty thousand dollars a year, and the
other to fifteen thousand a year. "What force, as
evidence, that has, and what weight it should have
the Senate can judge. But, apart from that, there
is no evidence of the existence of any cause for
relief which was not before the committee in 1840
or which might have been before them, because it
was all in existence, according to the dates of the
papers which are before us. After deliberation,
after the Secretary of the Navy reported against
the claim, the committee unanimously reported
against it as "an unreasonable claim." That is
the language of the report.
Mr. SEtVARD. How is the committee now >
