THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C, RIVES.—TERMS |3 FOR THIS SESSION.
32c Congress, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, AUGUST 2G, 1852.
New Series No. 147.
devoted my life, and in the success of which I
feel as deep an interest, I apprehend, as any Sen-
ator on this floor.
I would vote for this bill if, in my own con-
science, I could do so. I am very sorry that I
cannot vote for it. I believe the principle of the
bill is right. It is what I have advocated ever
since I have been in the Senate. I believe I
should not object to the individuals who will prob-
ably—if the bill passes; and I suppose it will pass
—be made public printers. I apprehend I should
go with the majority of my party in that choice.
But, sir, I object to the bill, and shall be compelled
to vote against it, for one or two reasons, which I
will briefly state.
In the first pkce, although I think the princi-
ple of the bill is right, yet I think its details are
impracticable. I think its working will be mis-
chievous instead of beneficial. I agree with those
Senators who have said that the contract system
has failed. I have considered it a failure from the
beginning. That has ever been my conviction.
I think it ought to be abandoned; it ought to be
substituted by a system resting upon the princi-
ple of this bill; but this bill contains within itself
provisions which are, in my opinion, contradict-
ory to each other and impracticable in operation.
It lays down foundations of disputes which we
shall never get over, if we once get into them. It
provides for two printers, one to do the printing of
the House, and the other to do the printing of the
Senate. Now, if we elect two separate individ-
uals, it will raise up a dispute with which we shall
be troubled during the rest of the time that it is
in operation. We shall have disputes between
these two printers as to who shall do the bulk of
the printing, and who shall get the profits. For
instance, if we order the printing of a large num-
ber of the Patent Office report, what will be the
effect of it ?
The bill provides that the printer to the House
where the first order is made shall do the printing.
It forbids payment for double composition. It
will then be a contest between the two Houses
who shall order first, and who shall order most
for the purpose of sustaining its own printer. If
we should order fifty thousand copies of the Patent
Office report first, the work would bedoneby our
printer. Then suppose the House should order
one hundred thousand copies. Double composi-
tion cannot be paid for; the bill forbids it; and
there will be the House printer ordered by the
House to print one hundred thousand copies of
this work which our printer will have already
printed.
Mr. DOWNS. I would ask the honorable
Senator if there is not a provision in the bill that
such a question shall be submitted to the Joint
Committee on Printing?
Mr. BORLAND. I know that some such pro-
vision is made, but it leads to the very difficulty
which I suggested. It gives rise to disputes which
we will find it exceedingly troublesome to settle.
Mr. WELLER. How did we get along when
each House had its own printer?
Mr. BORLA ND. I would say to the Senator
from California, that we had a printer who under-
took the whole work by contract, and when a
particular document was ordered to be printed by
the Senate, it was printed under that contract, and
when additional numbers were ordered by the
House, they were printed by the same individual
as additional numbers for the reduced compensa-
tion which the contract provided. But in this
case, each printer will have an equal right to do
the work. Each will be acting under the orders
of the respective Houses. If the printer of the
House should be required to print one hundred
thousand copies of the Patent Office report—as
the order of the House I apprehend will be—he
will not b#al!owed to charge for double composi-
tion, or for the first execution of the work; and he
will be required, under the terms of this bill, to do
it at a reduced price, for which he will tell you he
cannot do it. Yet, having been elected printer,
and required to do the work, he will have a legal
obligation upon him to execute it without the abil-
147
ity to do it. He will thus be deprived of profits,
in consideration and anticipation of which he was
required to have a printing establishment compe-
tent to do the work. There is a practical difficulty
in the way.
Then the bill fixes the prices for Executive
printing at the same rates as Congressional print-
ing. Any one who has a practical knowledge of
the printing which is done for the Houses of Con-
gress, and that which is done for the Executive
Departments, knows very well how the printers
regard it. He knows very well that the printing
for Congress cannot be done for the same rates as
those paid for departmental printing; and here you
will be paying a high rate for printing which can
be done at a lower rate. If the rate you have
agreed upon were a reduced rate, or if it were one
no more than fair, and what you could command
the work for in the market, then this would not
be an objection; but the rates fixed are, in my
opinion—and it has been formed after a somewhat
careful examination—from twenty to twenty-five
per cent, higher than you can go into the market
and get the work done for. I may be wrong in
this. I do not state it as a rule to govern the
opinions and views of other Senators. I am sim-
ply giving the reasons which will control me in
casting my vote. You are providing in this bill
to put all printing on the same footing as to com-
pensation. You can go into the market and get a
portion of it done for a much smaller price than
you are giving, at the lowest rate of compensa-
tion, and more than—if you go into the market—
you can get the highest-priced printing done for.
These are practical objections to the bill, which,
to my mind, are insuperable. Then, there is an-
other practical difficulty. You provide that a
Superintendent of Printing shall be appointed—a
single individual—at a salary of $2,500 a year.
You require him to do more work than any ten
men in the city of Washington can do, and you
have made no provision for any assistants for him.
You require the Superintendent to do work which
I venture the assertion, that no ten practical men,
or to speak within bounds, no five men here, how-
ever intelligent, active, and skillful, can do. You
provide a single man to do that much work. That
objection could be remedied by authorizing the
Superintendent to employ assistants, and give him
the means of paying them; but there is no such
provision in the bill.
I stated before that I was in favor of the prin-
ciple of the bill; but I say this bill is so defective
in its provisions that you cannot execute it. It
requires impossible things. The amount of com-
pensation which it provides is put where it is not
needed, and it is omitted where it is absolutely
necessary to carry out the provisions of the bill.
High prices aie put on that portion of the work
which can be done for from twenty to twenty-five
per cent, less than you provide.
There is another objection in my mind, though
I admit it is a minor one. You give the control
of all this Congressional printing—printing which
we now keep within our own authority and con-
trol—to the Executive, without any voice on the
part of the Senate to say ayeorno. You provide
for the appointment of a Superintendent of Print-
ing, who shall have charge of this whole work,
involving, as I believe, under the principles pro-
posed in this bill, an expenditure offrom a million
to a million and a half of dollars a year. The Su-
perintendent, who is to expend it, is to be wholly
irresponsible to us, and to be appointed by the Ex-
ecutive, without any voice on the part of the Sen-
ate. Now, the Constitution gives to the President
the power to fill by appointment the offices which
we may establish by law. We may require that
the nomination of an individual to an office may
be sent to us for confirmation; but here it is left
entirely to the Executive, wholly irresponsible to
us. Yet the expenditure, as I believe, of more
than $1,000,000 a year is to be intrusted to the
hands of an Executive appointee, who is to be
wholly irresponsible to us, and beyond our con-
trol. To this I am opposed.
There are many other minor objections to the
bill which I could point out; but, having stated
those which are controlling so far as my own vote
is concerned, I shall not trouble the Senate with
going any further into the subject. I make no
factious opposition to the bill, but I venture to
predict now that if it be passed in its present form,
those who vote for it will hereafter, in bitterness,
regret it, not only because it will be disastrous in
its effects upon the public work, but it will be dis-
astrous upon the political party who stamp it with
their sanction and approbation.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the question was on concurring in the amend-
ment made as in Committee of the Whole, to in-
sert at the end of the twelfth section:
te Provided, That the preceding sections of this act shall
continue in force until the fourth day of March, 1853, and
no longer."
Mr. WELLER called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. BORLAND. If this amendment of the
Senator from Delaware, which was adopted by
the Senate as in Committee of the Whole, and pro-
posed by him for considerations which were con-
trolling at the time, be adopted now, I admit that
much of what I considered as disasters to result
from this bill will be avoided, and we shall guard
against many mischiefs which I think will result
from the bill in its present form. If this amend-
ment, however, should be rejected, I think all the
evils which I have pointed out will result.
Mr. WELLER. I only wish to say, that if
the amendment be adopted, the whole bill will, in
my judgment, be rendered worthless, and of no
consequence.
The question being taken, by yeas and nays,
upon concurringin the amendment, resulted—yeas
17, nays 22; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Borland, Riooke, (Jhase, Cooper, Davis,
Dawson, De Saussuie, Fish, Foot, Ilale, M&son, Pearce,
Seward, Smith, Spruance, Underwood, and Wade—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, liiadbury, Hrodhead, Cass,
Charlton, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Douglas,
Down-?, Feieh, Gwiu, Houston, James, Jones of Iowa,
King, Malloiy, Meriwether, Rusk, Shields, Toucey, Walk-
er, and Weller—22.
So it was not concurred in.
Mr. DAWSON. I desire to ask whether this
bill interferes with the contracts made for the pres-
ent Congress >
Several Senators. It does not.
Mr. SMITH. There is an express provision
in the thirteenth section that it shall not interfere
with existing contracts.
Mr. BORLAND. As I wish this matter to be
undet stood, I will say to the Senator from Geor-
gia that the bill, as I understand it, provides for
the preservation and continuance of all contracts
with the Departments; but I do think it in effect
substitutes another mode of executing the public
printing for Congress from this time, on the ground
that the contract already made for the public print-
ing has failed. -
Mr. DAWSON. What I want to understand
is, whether we, by this act, declare null and void
the existing contract for the printing of this Con-
gress.
Mr. CASS. We do not say a word about it.
Mr. SMITH. I do not understand this matter
as the Senator from Arkansas does. The thir-
teenth section provides:
" That all acts or joint resolutions conflicting with the
provisions of tins act are hereby repealed; but nothing
herein contained shall be construed to authorize the eancel-
ment of any contract now or heretofore entered into with
any printer, undei the laws heretofore in foice, oi to abro-
gate Ins rights in any woy without his consent."
I understand this clause to preserve whatever
rights Mr. Hamilton may have under his con-
tract—and, I must confess, I do not think he has
many—and to preserve, also, the rights of Donel-
son & Armstrong, and Gideon & Co. I say that
contracts have been made with these gentlemen,
under outstanding laws, but those contracts have
not been carried into effect.
Mr. ADAMS. If the Senator will allow me, I
will state to him that I heard the consent of both
these parties read in a public meeting, by which
they assented to abandon their contracts.
