2838
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 25,
Mr. SMITH. I do not know but that it is so.
I do not know but that Gideon & Co. have as-
sented to give up their contract. If they have
said that they will give up their contract, and are
to come in under the provisions of this bill, it is
pretty conclusive evidence to my mind, that they
expect to get a great deal better terms under the
bill than under the contract the committee made
with them. This reveals to the Senate and to the
country, the fact that there is an underhanded
agreement between the Union and Republic of-
fices, because, if this be true, the business is to be
given to the Union, and the Republic is to be let
in to participate in the profits.
Mr. CASS. We have to elect the printer. This*
bill does not make a printer.
Mr. SMITH. This bill does not make a print-
er, but we know very well who is to be elected
printer. Gentlemen tell us that the Republic of-
fice and the Union office are both willing to give
up their contracts. We know very well what that
means. I did not suppose that the Republic of-
fice would consent to give up its contract. I did
not rise to dwell upon the subject. I rose simply
that it might be understood that I differed from
the honorable Senator from Arkansas in regard to
the construction of the provision in the bill.
Mr. BORLAND. I proceeded upon the sup-
position that no such bill as this would have been
introduced and passed, if such was not to be its
effect. I apprehend that a majority of the two
Houses of Congress would not pass a bill that was
to be wholly inoperative, and that could not, by
possibility, be carried into effect.
Mr. SMITH. I would inquire if this bill can-
not operate upon the next Congress? I will not
dwell upon the subject; I did not rise to occupy
the time of the Senate, but simply to say that I
shall insist, if it becomes necessary to insist, that
if Donelson & Armstrong, and Gideon & Co.,
abandon their contracts, the rights of the present
contractor, Mr. Hamilton, shall be respected.
Mr. SEWARD. I have no information which
seema to me to be entirely authentic with regard
to the fact that Donelson & Armstrong, and Gid-
eon & Co., have consented to the abrogation of
their contracts. If they have consented, or shall
consent, no harm will be done by securing their
rights until they do consent. If they have not
consented, it may be well to attempt to save their
rights. I therefore move to amend the bill in the
thirteenth section, by inserting after the word
" consent,'' the words " nor to abrogate the ex-
isting contracts with Donelson & Armstrong, and
Gideon & Co., without their consent."
Mr. WELLER. There is no 'sort of doubt
about these gentlemen having utterly abandoned
their contracts. I understand that they havegiven
them up, and that in writing.
Mr. CASS, i do not suppose there is any ex-
isting contract at all with them. I wish the hon-
orable Senator from Arkansas would state the
facts, for I believe there has been nothing done
under those contracts.
Mr. BORLAND. I will state my understand-
ing of the matter. When the contractor for the
public printing, Mr. Hamilton, failed—in the es-
timation of the committee—to fulfill his contract,
they proceeded under what they understood to be
their authority, under the joint resolution of 1846,
to make a contract with Donelson & Armstrong,
and Gideon & Co., to execute so much of the
printing as the committee might give them. They
executed contracts on these terms, but the com-
mittee up to this time,as 1 understand, have never
given them any of the public printing. Those
contracts have never been carried into effect. The
passage of this bill repeals the joint resolution of
1846, and takes away the committee. It leaves
them without any functions to perform. They
cannot, after the passage of this bill, give out any
printing, and for that reason the contracts with
Donelson & Armstrong, and Gideon & Co., fail of
necessity, by operation of law. According to
their own terms, they depend upon the will of the
committee; and the committee itself being abol-
ished by the passage of this law, and provision
being made for another committee, no power ex-
ists to fulfill those contracts.
Mr. RUSK. It will be impossible to amend
this bill so as to guard it better in that respect than
it already is. The thirteenth section provides
that—
" All acts or joint resolutions conflicting with the provis-
ions of this act, are hereby repealed ; but nothing herein
contained shall be construed to authorize the cancelment
of any contract now, or heretofore, entered into with any
printer, under the laws heretofore in force, or to abrogate
his rights in any way without his consent."
Mr. DOUGLAS. I would state in addition,
that the chairman of the Committee on Printing of
the House of Representatives holds, I know, the
written release of the parties to these contracts,
surrendering them up entirely.
Mr. CASS. What right has any member of
the Senate to question it, when one of our worthy
associates here in the Senate says that he himself
has seen the release ? I think that should put an
end to the dispute.
Mr. SEWARD. X do not know how much re-
flection there is upon me, in the question put by
the honorable Senator from Michigan.
Mr. CASS. None at all.
Mr. SEWARD. I did not understand the Sen-
ator from Mississippi to say that he had seen a
release of the contract. At the distance I am from
him, perhaps I heard him imperfectly; but what I
heard him say was, as I understood it, that in a
public meeting he had heard read the consent of
the parties. What kind of a public meeting it
was, where it was, and who were present, he has
not stated.
Mr. ADAMS. The statement of the Senator
from New York is correct. I did not say that 1
saw the release, but I heard it read, ana I pre-
sumed it to be correct. I did not examine per-
sonally to see that it was genuine.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I know that the release is
in the hands of a member of the Committee on
Printing of the House.
Mr. SEWARD. Then I withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. COOPER asked for the yeas and nays on
the question of ordering the bill to athird reading,
and they were ordered; and, being taken, resulted
—yeas 25, nays 13; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Bradbury, Rrodhead, Cass,
Charlton, Chase, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa,
Douglas, Downs, Felch, Gwin, Houston, James, Jones of
Iowa, King, Mallory, Mason, Meriwether, Rusk, Shields,
Sumn«r, Toucey, Walker, and Weller—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Borland, Cooper, Davis, Dawson, De
Saussure,Fish, Foot, Pearce, Seward, Smith, Spruance,
Underwood, and Wade—13.
So the bill was ordered to a third reading.
Mr. MILLER, when his name was called,
stated that he had paired off with the Senator from
Alabama, [Mr. Clemens.]
Mr. BROOKE, when his name was called, stated
that he had paired off with the Senator from Flor-
ida, [Mr. Morton.]
The bill was then read athird time,and passed.
THE FISHERIES QUESTION.
Mr. CASS. I give notice that I intend to ask
the Senate on Friday, to take up the Presidents
Message with regard to the fisheries, in order to
give an opportunity to the Senator from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Davis] to express his views upon
the question.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
On motion by Mr. HUNTER, the Senate re-
sumed, as in Committee of the Whole, the consid-
eration of the bill from the House of Representa-
tives, " making appropriations for the civil and
'diplomatic expenses of the Government for the
* year ending the 30th of June, 1853, and for other
' purposes;" the pending question being upon the
amendment of the Committee on Finance, so to
amend the clause, " for salaries of Ministers of
the United States to Great Britain, France, Rus-
sia, Prussia, Spain, Brazil, Mexico, and Chili,
$72,000," as to make it read:
" For salaries of Ministers of the United States to Great
Britain, France, Russia, Prussia, Spain, Brazil, Mexico,
Chili, China, and Turkey, $90,000: It being provided,That
hereafter there shall be Envoys Extraordinary and Minis-
ters Plenipotentiary, to conduct diplomatic relations with
China and the Ottoman Porte, instead of the Commissioners
now authorized bylaw; and the said Ministers to China
and the Ottoman Porte, shall be vested with all the judicial
powers now legally exercised by the Commissioner to China
j and the Minister Resident at the Ottoman Porte respect-
ively ; and for the performance of the duties resulting there-
from, they bhall receive no other compensation than their
salaries as Ministers Plenipotentiary."
t Mr. MERIWETHER. Mr. President, the
• Senator from Rhode Island [Mr. Clarke] made a
constitutional argument yesterday against thepro-
posed increase of compensation to the Commis-
sioner to China. 1 am no constitutional lawyer,
but I beg leave to give my view upon the subject.
The clausejof the Constitution to which the gentie-
m an alluded, reads thus:
" No Senator or Representative shall, daring the time for
which he was elected, he appointed to any civil office under
the authority of the United States, which shall have been
created, or the emoluments whereof shall have been in-
creased during such lime ; and no person holding any office
under the United States, shall be a member of either House
during his continuance in office.11
Now, sir, Colonel Marshall has not been ap-
pointed to an office which has been created during
t-he term for which he was elected; for the office
of Commissioner to China has existed for many
years. Nor has he been appointed to an office*
the emoluments of which have been increased; the
increase has not yet taken place, and he has been
appointed several weeks. It appears to me that
question, if properly stated, would stand thus: A
member of Congress is appointed to an office which
has not been created, nor have the emoluments of
such office been increased before his appointment.
Then can Congress increase the emoluments of this
office? Now, I apprehend that the restriction in the
Constitution is one placed upon the Executive, the
appointing power, and says to the Executive, you
shall not appoint a member of Congress to any
office, provided such office has been created, or
its emoluments increased.
But the Constitution does not say to Congress,
that you shall not increase the pay of a member
of Congress who has been appointed to an office
during the time for which he was elected. I repeat
it, the restriction is upon the appointing power,
and not upon Congress. However, if it be un-
constitutional, the unconstitutionality will prevent
his reception of the pay, and cannot turn the in-
cumbent out of office.
Mr. PRATT. I wish to say a word in addition
to what has been said by the Senator from Ken-
tucky. It is manifest that that must be the con-
struction of the Constitution, or the result would
be that the Executive power, when properly exer-
cised, would be limited and controlled by the legis-
lative power; for, if the opposite construction be
the true one, then the Legislature would have the
power, at any time after the Executive had made
an appointment of a mem ber of Congress, to vacate
that appointment by making an increase of the
salary. Therefore, it seems to me, that the con-
struction placed upon this clause of the Constitu-
tion by the Senator from Kentucky, must inevitably
be the true one. The conclusion would otherwise
necessarily be, if that were not the construction,
that the legislative department of the Government
could annul, at any time, the appointment of
a member of Congress to an office, by increasing
the salary of that office, after he had been constitu-
tionally appointed.
Mr. CLARKE. Mr. President, it is refreshing
in these days, when we have so little to interest
us, to hear these elucidations and to receive those
lights upon the construction of a distinct, direct,
and positive provision of the Constitution. What
says the Constitution? Why, that " no Senator
i or Representative shall, during the time for which
'he was elected, be appointed to any civil office
' under the authority of the United States, which
* shall have been created, or the emoluments
'whereof shall have been increased, during such
' time; and no person holding any office under the
4 United States shall be a member of either House
' during his continuance in office."
Is not that a prohibition ? Does it not prevent
a Senator or Representative from being appointed
to such an office, during the time for which he was
elected? Or is itonly a restriction upon the Execu-
tive, that he shall not appoint any such officer?
The object of the Constitution is, I think, very
plain. It was to prevent any member of either
House of Congress, with a view either to an in-
crease of his emoluments or his appointment to
an office, from being instrumental in the creation
of that office, or in the enlargement of its emolu-
ments. Those who framed the Constitution,
guarded this with so much precaution that they
absolutely prohibited any member of either House
of Congress from being appointed to an office
created during the term " for which h% was elect-
ed"—not during the term for which he held his
seat. Suppose I should resign my position here,
and possibly get appointed to some miserable of-
fice; which is not within the range of probabilities:
the time for which I was elected was six years
from the 4th of March, 1847, and the period does
not expire until the 4th of March, 1853. I am,
