562
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 13,
BELIEF OF HEIRS OF JOHN JACKSON.
The first bill that came up in order for the con-
sideration of the committee, was House bill No.
95, being a bill for the relief of the heirs of John
Jackson, deceased, for the loss of an arm oij board
of the ship Bon Homme Richard, under John
Paul Jones.
The bill authorizes the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to pay to the legal heirs ^nd representatives
of John Jackson, deceased, who lost an arm on
board the Bon Homme Richard, in the action
with the British frigate Serapis, such sum as will
equal a pension at the rate of §6 per month, from
the 15th November, 1770, to the day of his death.
The CHAIRMA.N. I am advised that a mo-
tion is pending to report the bill to the House,
with a recommendation that it do not pass.
Mr. GOODENOW. I would ask for the read-
ing of the report of the committee, and after that,
1 have some other evidence, which I wish to pre-
sent to the consideration of the House before that
recommendation is acted upon.
IVTi'. MILLSON. J rise for the purpose of sug-
gesting, that inasmuch as this bill was reported
trom the Committee on Military Pensions, by the
honorable member from New Hampshire, [Mr.
Tuck,) who is not now in his seat, and as that
gentleman was entitled to the floor upon this bill,
i believe, and takes some interest m the ques-
tion 
Mr. GOODENOW. 1 will state, that when-the
gentleman from New Hampshire, who reported
this bill, left this city, he put into my hands the
papers relating to it, and desired me to present some
considerations to the House in reference to the
passage of the bill. I ask, therefore, the reading
of the report in the first instance, and then respect-
fully to submit some considerations to the House
why the bill ought to pass.
Mr. MILLSON. I supposed that the friends
of this bill desired its postponement. My object
was to have the bill passed over, without losing its
place upon the Calendar. Hut if the friends of
the bill desire it to be acted upon to-day, I have
no objection.
The CI [AIRMAN. The Chair is advised that
a motion is now pending (hat llie bill be laid aside
to be reported to the House, with a recommenda-
tion that it do not pass.
Mr. GOODENOW. I do not desire to take up
the time of this House, if it is the desire of the
friends of the bill that it should be laid aside until
the gentleman from New Hampshire [Mr. Tuck]
returns. I desire to present some considerations
why the motion to lay it aside, with the recom-
mendation that it do not pass, should not prevail.
I ask for the reading of the repoit.
The report of the committee was then read by
the Cleric. It represents:
"That, fio'n tin; (lueiimciif* submitted to die commit-
tee in this case, a appeal,, tii.it while (.'.ipmin John J'anl
Joi!i'-M\ as ei ut-ni:: on tile .S|Mini, nn ihc eo.tsf of Kiil'I.umI,
in the Anieiii-an slup-ol'-wai Him lloimne Uichaid, ml
the -.W|] it.iy «!' Septoinhei, 177(1, John Jackson, a liuti-h
|Hlul, Clew OH boniil (lis ship, iiiisfalcmj ir lor a Ifrmsli
s!ii]ku'«,m ; that (,'aptaiii Jones, leipiin n  tlir assistance oi'
a pilot while neai the lianks oa that coast, detained htm on
hoard his ship, and lie was there employed as the pilot of
Mild snip 111 the action which took place between the sninc
and the t'ei'apis, 111 winch action the said John Jackson lost
all aim. Ill oonsid"iution of the services of said Jackson,
and Ins severe iiii-lortitnc. Captain Jones paid Innioiie hun-
dii'd ftnrafs, ami £ave linn awntten pionusc m tiehall ot
the l.'mted Mates, that he .should leceive half-pay as a pilot i
the icinaiiider ol Ins life, to commence from the date of said '
wrmn'.f, and payable every m\- months by the Aineucan 1
ambassador fit the court of T^rance, upon piopcr pioof of
ideiitm. It does not appear that this encasement of Captain
Jones, ill behalf of the United States, lias ever heeii per-
formed, fne attention of tile old Confess was called to
tins subject by a letter from the Seeietaiy for Foieimi
Allans, dated September ->0, 178o, and itiinderwent the cl-
amnianoe. oi a committee, who subsequently made the fol-
lovMna iijport:
'' r/te cGimmltee to whom ttv/s referred a letter from the
.Wetari/ for Foruzn affairs of the 20th September,
i iea. i.jiOi its enclosures, beg leave to report :
'- That it appears to your committee that while Captain J.
-'-'.I T,! 'fvermi-' on the coast of England, in the vear
i,', , ,"o m Bm,s" l"iot' cam'- on boaid lain, j
, ■ loin to be tlnusli; thatCaptain Jones found it
,7..: aim winch™,1"? T a p,lot> and 1,1 tl)c "ct'°"
, . -,aPJ> ^I't-Cii endued,tins man loj-t an arm. It t'nrtiipr '
appear to \ our committee, fiom a letter of Captain Jones
Lud the second lieutenant of the Bon Homme Richard was' '
twentv others, at the time of iho hn.r ,,^ ^ . ' !
on bom (I Jackson's plotboX'am L th,C SeiraPJ3> ;
found „ impossible,!, 2
Riiiklll?, Jackson's pilot boat was ofSar servfee n
saving the men, p.o tieularly the wounded,\ome ofrt« i
Captain Jonj;* is persuaded, would have been drowned had
not lie been hunched with the means of saving them i
" It also appears to your committee, that Captain Jones
gave this unfortunate man one hundred ducats in hand, and
promised him the halt-pay of a pilot lor the remainder of his
life. Whereupon your committee submit to Congress the
following resolution:
" Resolved, That $8 per month, a pilots half-pay, he
allowed and paid out of the Treasury of the United States,
m half-yearly payments, to John Jackson, of the town of
Kingston-upon-Hull, in England, who lost, an arm on hoard
the Bon Homme Richard, commanded by Captain J. P.
Jones, in the action with the Serapis onthe22d day of Sep-
tember, 1779; that said half-pay commence from the loth
day of November, 1779, and continue daring the tenure of
the natural life of said Jackson; and that the Board of
Treasury take order for nuking the aforesaid, half-yeaily
payment on a certificate from two or more magistrates, ex-
pressing the place where the said John Jackson may be then
living, and that he is really the same person in whose iavor
this grant is made."
" Which said report is indoiscd as follows :
"'Report on the case of John Jackson, a British pilot,
taken by J. P. Jones. Entered. Read the 28th day of Sep-
tember, 178.>.'
' No. 9. Messrs. I-Iowell, Long* Ivean.'
" It does not appear that any further action was ever had
upon this report.
"It t'nrthei appears to the commitee that the s<iid John
Jackson died in the year 1815; that he had three children—
one son and two daughfcis; that hi* won, James Jackson,
came to this country alter the decease ol ins lather to prose-
cute this claim, and* deceased before he had found the evi-
dence before mentioned; that he left one son and only heir,
who is now a i cedent at the Navy-Yard in the oily of
Washington; that the r-aiu James, in his lifetime, churned
to have purchased the right ot ins two si'steism this demand,
and was the sole owner thereol.
"Tins petition was piesented to the last Congress and
lefenod to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims, which
committee made alavoiahle repott on the 8tli day o( August,
1818, accompanied by a bill for the reliefof the heirs oi said
John Jackson, hut winch was not reached in the order of
business, and was not acted on by the House. As this claim
lias heretofore received the favoiable consideration of the
committees who have had the same in charge, and com-
mends itself to the judgment of tin*, committee, thev heie-
with present a bill foi the relief of the petitioners, ,md ieeom-
niend its pav-age."
Mr. GOODENOW. The report of the com-
mittee of Congress, beat ins; date the 20th of Sep-
tember, 1785, which is incorporated into the report
accompanying the Lull now- under consideration, is
certified to be correct, by the Secretary of State,
Mr. Buchanan, it further appears from the re-
port made in 1848, that theie are certain papers
connected with tins claim, which I ask the indul-
gence of the House to rend for their consideration.
The first paper I propose to read, is a copy of a
letter, dated Philadelphia, .Tune 27, 1788, from
Doctor Franklin to the honorable John Jay. It
is as follows:
Philadelphia, June.il, 1788.
Dear Sir: In arranging tome old papers, 1 lately found
the enclosed letter from All. ISlunt, cnelrwim; copy of a ccr-
tilieato ot Comntodoie Join-', m t'uvoi ol John Jackson. I
ouslit, though so Urns delayed, to wend some answer. Can
you mfoi in me whether anj thing has been done foi Jackson,
in consequence of the eounnoduie's promise r
1 send } nu, also, two oilier papers, ie--peetiim services
formerly done tli<! tooted States liy Mr. Limosm, of JJavie
anil .Mt. .Millie, ot" Lislion, tor your eonoileration, and to be' !
disposed ot as you shall thlnlv piopcr. Please to liitonu mc I
whethet l.ohrinnii is still in Ameiica. J
With Rieat and nnecic esteem, 1 am ever. iov<|t>arfiieud, ■
youi-., nio^t ailcctiunatjly, [■. ; i:.\ YKI, J :\ .
lion. j. J \y, Ksq.
The next is a letter from Mr. .Tames Blunt,
referred to in the report, and is dated London,
August 2d, 1785. It is as follows:
T/O.vdon, ..tfugusi 2,1785.
8ir : Well acquainted, as I aio, with your sentiments of
philanthropy and benevolence, from the testimony of those
lru-nd* of youi-> whom I have tin; pleasuie of being ae-
qainted with, 1 deem an apology unnecessary for the liberty
1 take of mtindimr on your time,.as )t is to lay before yon a
ea-^e ot leal distress. A fuend of mine lias shown me the
on^inal of the enclosed papers, and tclN mc the poor man
has placed his whole dependence on tne allowance men-
tioned m them. lie ha* waited for some time the ai rival
ot the Ameiie.ni amba sadot at this eomt. to whom he has
shown his claim, but been refcirod In him to Mi. Jpfleison,
at Pat is. It you would be so kind a* to inform me what are
the pioper measures to be taken tor a?si%tun^thjs poor man
and your opinion on Ins case, you will exccedmyly oblige
me, and increase the venetation and respect which your
illu-tnous character has excited in me.
1 beg leave tu coijojritnJ.ue jou, as well inmyown name
** in that of my father, .Mt William Blunt, and all his fam-
ily, on your safe leturn to tins countiy ; ami, with the sin-
ceieft wishes tor >our health and enioyment,
i i<'inai.n, with great regard, sir,'youi faithful, liumble
sm'ant, JAMES BLUNT.
Connected -with this is a copy of the original
certificate given by Commodore Jones to this John
Jackson, and certified to be correct by the Secre-
tary of State.
Mr. POLK. I rise to a question of order. I
cannot hear what the gentleman is reading".
Mr. GOODEIVOW. That certificate is as fol-
lows :
I do hereby certify that the bearer, John Jackson, of
Hull,came on board the American slnp-of-warBon Homme
Richard, under my command, off the Spuni, on the coast of
England, on the morning of the 22d September last, he
having mistaken the Bon Homme Richard tor a British
slnp-of-war; that I found it necessary to detain him on
board, while near the banks on that coast, and afterwards
purposed to spr himself, withhis companion and their boat,
at liberty, and reward them for the service that I bad obliged
them to perform; but, on the day following, when [ met
with the Baltic fleet, as the pilot boat was some encum-
brance, the partner of the bearer was put on board to keep
the boat out of harm's way during the action between the
Bon Homme Richard and Serapis; after which lie was to
return and take in the bcaicr, that they might retnm home
together. The boat, however, did not return, and the poor
man had, m the action, the meparable misfortune to lose
an aim. Deeply impressed with a sense of his misfortune^
and earnestly desiung to make thispoor man and his family
what recompense lies in my power, 1 have given him, tins
day, one hundred ducats ; and I do also pionnse, in behalf
of the United States, that he shall receive half-pay, as a
pilot, the lemamder of his life, to commence fiom the date
heieof, payable every r-?x months, by the Amencam A;n-
bassadoi at the coui t of Fiance, upon eeuificate at each
payment, from two or more magistrates, expies.-ang the place
where the bearer, John Jackson, is then living, and that he
is letdly and tiuly tiic person in whose favor tins obligation
is granted.
Given, on board the Serapis, at ihe Tex*1!, November 15y
1779. ' JOHN PAUL JONES.
Then follows a certificate of two persons, being-
justices of the peace of His Majesty the iviug of
England, as follows: .
Ton n and County of Kingston-hpon- Hull:
We, two ol his Majesty's justices of the peace for the
town of Kingston-upon-Hul], atoresaid, and county of the
same town, do heieby certify, that John Jackson, of the same
town, mariner, (to whom"a certificate was pven, dated
November 15, 1779, under the hands of John P. Jones,,
theieby promising, on behalf of the United States of Amer-
ica, that the said John Jackson should receive half-pay, as
a pilot,the lemamder ofhis>hfe,to commence fiom the date
thereof, payable every six month* by the Amcriean Ambas-
sador at the court ol Fiance,) now living in the paris.li of
the Holy Trinity, in the town ot Kingston-upon-Hull, afore-
said, that he is really and surel) the poison in whose tavor
the said cvrtihcaie was granted.
Given under om hands, tins 10th day of June, 1785.
HENRY BROODTiEY, Mayor,
II. ETHERJNGTON.
Then comes a letter from Thomas Jefferson,
dated Paris, February 6, 1788, which was trans-
mitted to the President of Congress, from the War
Office, by H. Knox:
Paris, February 6, 1788.
Sir : The enclosed papers, stating the claims of John
Jackson, an English pilot, on the justice and liberality of
the United Stales, have been addiessed to me, and I can
do nothing better than to forward them to you; as I snppose
the eldim to belong, propeiJy, to your department. I for-
merly forwarded to the President of Congress an application
Irom the same person, but never learned whether anything
was done in it.
1 have the honor to be, with sentiments of the most per-
fect esteem and respect, sir, your most obedient, and most
humble servant, TH. JEFFERSON.
(ieneial Knox.
Enclosed m the above was the following certifi-
cate:
Tovn and County of Kingbtvn-upon-Hidl:
We, two ot his Majesty's justices of the peace for the town
and county atore^-aid, do hereby certify, that John Jackson,
ot the same town, mariner, (to whom a certificate was
given, dated November 15, 1776, under the hand of John P.
J ones, thereby piomising, on behalf of the United States of
America, that the said John*Jackson should receive half
pay as a pilot, the remainder of his life, to commence from
the date thereof, payable every six months, by the Ameri-
can ambassador at the court of France,) is now living m
the parish of the Holy Trinity, in the town and countv of
Kingston-upon-IIull, aforesaid, and that he is really and
truly the person in whose favor the said certificate was
granted.
Given under our hands, the 14th day of January, 1788.
J. PORTER, Mayor.
HEN. BROODL'BY.
H. ETHERINGTON.
Now, it seems to me that this eyideoce which
has been read arid exhibited here is sufficient to
justify tliis liouse iu coming to the conclusion
that this is a just claim upon the Government, and
ought to be paid; and that the bill reported by the
committee ought to receive the sanction of the
House. I submit that the certificate given by
Jonn Paul Jones to this unfortunate man, ought
to be regarded as pledging the faith of this Gov-
ernment to pay him the sum therein promised to
be paid to him; and that the Government, having
failed in his lifetime to perform an obligation
resting upon it, by virtue of that certificate, given
by that distinguished man, we ought now to pass
this bill, which wih afford relief to the only sur-
viving member of his family, who resides m this
city.
I hope the committee will favorably consider
this case, and instead of adopting the motion now
pending, will direct the bill to be reported to the
House, with the recommendation that it do pass.
