1474
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 26,
-Mr. JONES. I object. . The gentleman can-
not change the regular time of meeting.
The SPEAKER. The Chair doubts whether
it is competent to submit such a motion, if objec-
tion is made. The Chair understands that t^e
practice has been that such a motion is not in or-
der, without the general consent of the House.
The language of this rule is as follows: "
"Amotion to adjourn, and a motion to fix the day to
which the House shall adjourn, shall always be in order."
A proposition to fix the hour of adjournment is
not in order, without unanimous consent.
Mr. PRICE. ' Will it be in order to suspend
the rules, to enable me to submit the motion?
The SPEAKER. Motions to suspend the rules
are not in order except on Mondays.
On motion by Mr. Seymour, of New York, the
House adjourned.
petitions, &c.
The following petitions, memorials, &c,, were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees :
By Mr. FAULKNER: The petition of Thomas B. ilar-
vie, a soldier of the war of 1812, praying for a pension.
By Mr. CONGER: The petition of John 1 . Smith and
230 others, citizens of Michigan, (along the proposed route,)
praying for the establishment, of a post route from Corunna,
in Shiawassee county, Michigan, by \va> ofOwa&so, Rusk,
Northampton, and St. Charles, to Saginaw City, in said
State.
By Mr. CABLE, ofOIno: The memorial of S. W.Clarke
and 162 other citizens of (Columbiana county, Ohio, on the
subject of post offices being opened on the Lord's day, or
Sabbath day, and of carrying the mail thereon.
By Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York; The petition of
Samuel S. Bingham, of Now Yoik, praying tor a pension.
By Mr. McGlUEEN: The memorial ofU. A. Coachman
arid others, Town Council of Georgetown, South Carolina,
for appropriation for the survey of the Geoigeiovvn harbor,
and additional buoys.
Also, the metnoiial of J. J). Smgletary and others, for
the establishment of a poM road from Graham's Cioss Road^
in Williamsburg district, South Carolina, to Indiantown,
in said district.
By Mr. CHANDLER: The memorial of nearlv 11,000
citizens of Washington, District of Columbia, asking Con
gross to make an appiopriation to sustain ihe public schools
of this city.
By Mr. MOREIIEAD : The inemoiial of Solomon Spain
Ronn, of Stoke* county, Noith Carolina, a-kitig that the
Government pay to him the amount ot a debt incurred in
aid of transpoituit? the United States mail.
By Mr. JIOB1E: The memorial to establish a mail route
from Bath, Steuben county, New York, by Mitchellville, to
Prattsburg, in said county.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, May 26, 1852.
Prayer by the Rev. Littleton F. Morgan.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a communication from the Secretary of the
Treasury, made in compliance with a resolution
of the Senate, relative to a charge rejected in the
account of the Hon. David Tod, late Minister to
Brazil, for money advanced to William E.Ander-
son, who was sent to the United States as a
witness.
Mr. WADE. I do not know whether it be in
order, but that communication, as I understand
it, ought to go to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions, to give light upon a breach of the law regu-
lating the slave trade, in one aspect of it; m
another it relates to the settlement of the accounts
of Mr. Tod, our lute Minister to Bra7.il. A
prosecution had been instituted against two men
for a violation of that law; and he was requested
by the Executive to procure a witness and send
him home, and advance the money to pny for his
expenses. He did so, but when he came to
adjust his accounts it was ascertained that there
was no (aw providing for the payment of the
money advanced to the witness under these cir-
cumstances. So, in that aspect of it, it should
be referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. DAVIS. The Committee on Foreign Re-
lations can take both subjects into consideration.
Mr. WADE. On that information, not doubt-
ing that the Committee on Foreign Relations will
provide for the payment of the money thus ad-
vanced by our late Minister to Brazil, J move
that the communication be referred to that Com-
mittee, and printed for the use of the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. SEWARD presented the petition of John
Bullock, praying that a clerk may be employed in
the post office in the city of New York, and in the
post offices in other large cities, to write letters for
persona who cannqt write, at a modei ate rate of
compensation; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Also, a petition of citizens of Steuben county,
New York, praying that the bill giving further
remedies to patentees, may become a law; which
was ordered to be laid upon the table.
Also, the petition of John Wickham, praying
that his pension may be made to commence from
the date of his disability; which was referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
Also, sixteen petitfons of citizens of New York,
praying that the bill now pending before Congress,
granting to every citizen of the United States who
is the head of a family, one hundred and sixty
acres of land, may become a law; which were re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. MILLER presented several petitions of
citizens of New Jersey, praying that the introduc-
tion of foreign convicts, felons, and paupers into
the United "States, may be prohibited by law;
which were referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
Mr. DAVIS presented a petition of W. W.
Cleveland and others, praying that the bill now
pending before Congress, granting to every citizen
of the United States who is the head of a family
one hundred and sixty acres of land, may become
a law; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. FISH presented a petition of citizens of
Angelica, Alleghany county, New York, praying
that the bill now pending before Congress, grant-
, ing to every citizen of the United States who is
the.head of a family one hundred and sixty acres
' of land, may become a law; which was referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. CHASE presented a petition of C.Shuler,
Jr., P. Soule, and others, citizens of Dover, Cuy-
ahoga county, Ohio; a petition of Lucius Wood j
and others, citizens of Salem, Columbiana county, (
Ohio; a petition of Lav/son Wiles and others, cit- j
izens of Putnam, Muskingum county, Ohio; and |
a petition of Aaron Hinchman and others, citizens !
of Salem, Columbiana county, Ohio, praying that j
the bill now pending before Congress, granting to
every citizen of the United States who is the head
of a family one hundred and sixty acres of land,
may become a law; which were referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. PRATT submitted a resolution of the Le-
gislature of Maryland, in relation to the placing of
a light on Fort Sobers, in the Patapsco river;
which was read and referred to the Committee on
Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. RUSK presented the petition of Juan Fer-
nandez, praying indemnification for cattle de-
stroyed by the Indians in Texas; winch was re-
ferred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
FUGITIVE SLAVE LAW.
j Mr. SUMNER. I hold in my hand, and desire
j to present, a memorial from the representatives of
[ the Society of Friends in New England, formally
j adopted at a public meeting, and authenticated by
! then* clerk, in winch they ask for the repeal of the
J fugitive slave law. After setting forth their scnti-
I ments on the general subject of slavery, the me-
j morialists proceed as follows:
" Wo, thoufore, respectfully, but earnestly and sineercly,
j entreat you to lepual the law of the. last Congress re^peet-
: nig fugitive slaves; rir.-tand puncipaily, becauf-c of its in-
justice towaids a long sorely-oppressed and deeply-injured
people; and, secondly, in older that we, together with
other conscientious -suffeiers, may be exempted from the
penalties winch it imposes on all, who m faithfulness to
then Divine Master, and iudtschaigc of then obligations to
then distrefesediellow-nipn^'eel hound to 1 emulate theircon-
duct, even under the heaviest penalties which man can in-
flict for so doing, by the Divine injunction, 'Ail tilings
1 whatsoever ye would that men should do fo you, do you
1 even so to them;' and by the other commandment, ' Thou
' shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, and thy
£ neighbor as thyself.'"
Mr. President, this memorial is commended by
the character of the religious association from
which it proceeds—men who mingle rarely in
public affairs, but with austere virtue seek to carry
the Christian rule into life.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will have to
interpose. The Senator is not privileged to enter
into a discussion of the subject now. The con-
tents of the memorial, simply, are to be stated,
and then it becomes a question whether it is to be
received, if any objection is made to its reception.
Silence gives consent. After it is received he can
make a motion with regard to its reference, and
ikon maks aay ka tUinks proper.
Mr. SUMNER. I have but a very few words
to add, and then I propose to move the reference
of the memorial to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
The PRESIDENT. The memorial has first to
be received before any motion as to its reference
can be entertained. The Senator presenting a
memorial states distinctly its objects and contents;
then it is sent to the Chair, if a reference of it is
desired. But it is not in order to enter into a dis-
cussion of the merits of the memorial until it has
been received.
Mr. SUMNER. I do not propose to enter into
any such discussion. I have already read one
part of the memorial, and it was my design merely
to refer to the character of the memorialists—a
usage which I have observed on this floor con-
stantly—to state the course I should pursue, and
then conclude with a motion for a reference.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will hear the
Senator, if such is the pleasure of the Senate, if
he does not go into an elaborate discussion.
Mr. SUMNER. I have no such purpose.
Mr. DAWSON. Let him be heard.
Several Senators. Certainly.
Mr. SUMNER. I observed that this memorial
was commended by the character of the religious
association from which it proceeds. It is com-
mended also, by its earnest and persuasive tone,
and by the prayer which it presents. Offering it
now, sir, I desire simply to say, that I shall deem
it my duty, on some proper occasion hereafter, to
express myself at length on the matter to which it
relates. Thus far, during this session, I have for-
borne. With the exception of an able speech from
my colleague, [Mr. Davis,] the discussion of this
all-absorbing question has been mainly left with
Senators from another quai ter of the country, by
whose mutual differences it has been complicated,
and between whom 1 have not cared to interfere.
But, there is a time for all things. Justice, also,
requires that both sides should be heard; and I
trust not to expect too much, when at some fit
moment, I bespeak the clear and candid attention
of the Senate, while I undertake to set forth,
frankly and fully, and with entire respect for this
body, convictions, deeply cherished in my own
State, though disregarded here—to which I am
bound by every sentiment of the heart, by every
fiber of my being, by all my devotion to coun-
try, by my love of God and man. But, upon
these I do not now enter. Suffice jt, for the pres-
ent, to say, that when I shall undertake that ser-
vice, I believe I shall utter nothing which, in any
just sense, can be called sectional, unless the Con-
stitution is sectional, and unless the sentiments of
the fathers were sectional. It is my happiness to
believe, and my hope to be able to show, that,
according to the true spirit of the Constitution,
and according to the sentiments of the fathers,
freedom, and not slavery, is national; while
slavery, and not freedom, is sectional. In duty
to the petitioners, and with the hope of promoting
their prayer, I move the reference of their petition
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. MANGUM. I do not rise with a view to
make a question of the reception of the memorial.
I know it is the settled practice of this body to
make that question on petitions upon this subject,
and lay the motion to receive it on the table; but
that has been departed from, and, I think, in all
instances, as far as regards this very Christian so-
ciety—the people usually called (luakers—who
are a most exemplary and most excellent people,
when petitions have been received from them. So
I think Congress should do; and I am under the
impression that there has been no exception to
that rule. They are a law-abiding people; they
are conscientious upon these questions, and ought
to be treated with the fullest degree of respect. I
hope there will be no objection to the reception.
After it is received, 1 shall follow it with a motion
to lay the memorial upon the table.
Mr. BADGER. It is received.
• The PRES[DENT. It is already received, if
there be no objection.
Mr. MANGUM. I move,then,to lay the me-
morial on the table.
Mr. HALE. If the Senator will allow me, I
want to correct him in the statement of a fact.
Mr. MANGUM. I withdraw the motion for
the present.
Mr. HALE, Th« Senator says that no e-xsep-
