*■ \
1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tH^-
tion has been taken to the reception of petitions
upon this subject.
Mr. MANG-UM. Prom the Society of Friends.
Mr. HALE. Oh, I did not understand that.
Then, the rule of the Senate will be, that Friends
are entitled to petition, and nobody else.
Mr. CLEMENS. That is it.
Mr. DAWSON. The motion to lay the peti-
tion on the table is withdrawn, and I desire to say
a few words. If it be the desire of gentlemen to
reopen this discussion, especially with a solemn
manner, and a heart filled with Christian feeling,
which seems to be overflowing the Senator from
Massachusetts; if he desires to make a discussion
i f this subject, now is the time. Let there be no
evasion, no escape from the present crisis, no mo-
tion to avoid what you intend to do, prior to the
nominations which are to take place. Come out
manfully, boldly, and present the question to us.
I dislike this manner of proceeding—this throwing
dust and clouds over what you intend to do. tet
there be none of this deception, either religious or
political. Let there be manliness;, let there be
earnestness. I, for one, am prepared to meet this
question: and I am one of those who never intend
to seek any mode whatever, by which it can
be evaded. If gentlemen desire to throw fire-
brands into this country, let them do it; and, if
they are more Christian in their feelings, and their
hearts more pure than mine, I want them to pour
them out. I trust, if the Senator from Massachu-
setts desires an occasion to discuss this question,
that we will give him the opportunity. Let the peti-
tion be presented; let him set down the day for
the discussion, and not seek to avoid it by saying,
now I do not desire to discuss it. Now, sir, " is
the accepted time." Let it be met, and let it be
made a test question here, and see how the differ-
ent sections of this country stand upon this ques-
tion. Let there be no double-dealing in politics
or religion; no hypocrisy of the heart, or hypoc-
risy in political action.
1 trust my friend from North Carolina [Mr.
Mangum] will let the friends of the repeal of the
fugitive slave law give it their own direction; for
I am one of those who desire that the North shall
have the exclusive right to declare their sentiments
upon this question, and not that a lean majority
of the Northern portion of this country, with the
entire South, should give public opinion upon this
question of political action. Let those who intend
to take the responsibility in what are called the
non-slaveholding States, declare the position upon
which they intend to stand. If they intend to rock
this country to its foundation—if they intend to
agitate, let it be now, sir; let it be now, and let no
four years which are to come under any Adminis-
tration, be the course of agitation. Let the coun-
try know the men, the measures, and the man,
who is to represent this influence, and around
which they intend to rally. I repeat, sir, that in
this indirect mode, on the eve of a presidential
election, these feelings ought not to be thrown be-
fore the country with a sanctimonious air, that is
to say to the whole country, We are so generous
in our feelings, we do not want to violate the Con-
stitution; but yet, you are going contrary to the
Constitution. I desire to know what these gen-
tlemen are going to'do, and for one, if I can pur-
sue the course which will bring them up to the
test question, I will do it; and if any Senator is
prepared to make a motion, by which the question
shall be met, I say, now is^ the accepted time.
This is the day; this is the hour.
Mr. ADAMS. If the Senator will allow me, I
would suggest to him to move, by way of testing
this question, to lay the memorial on the table.
Mr. DAWSON. No, sir; I do not desire that
any test on this floor should be precluded by a
motion for the expression of his opinions. I want
gentlemen to come out boldly and manfully. I
want this question handled, not merely with soft
political gloves for party purposes. I want man-
liness; I want firmness; and if gentlemen desire
sectional questions and sectional agitations, I am
now prepared for them. I have done all that man
can do to reconcile and to harmonize; but it seems
that there is a determination secretly and covertly
to pass over the present hour, but yet keep these
questions before the country by insinuation, with
a view to raise them up after a certain period. I
am against it.
Mr. BADGER. Mr. President, I am not ex-
actly in the same bellicose humor with my friend
from Georgia this morning; and, believing that as
we have some matters of dollars and cents to at-
tend to upon the deficiency bill, and that a furious
onslaught on the subject of the fugitive slave law
will not put us into a very good and excellentdis-
position to discharge that practical business with
credit to ourselves and the country, I renew the
motion to lay the memorial on the table.
Mr. BUTTER. As I find that reference has
been made to the Judiciary Committee, I wish to
say a word or two.
Mr. BADGER. The motion is, to lay the me-
morial on the table*
Mr. BUTLER. I understood that it was a part
of the motion of the Senator from Massachusetts,
to refer this memorial to the Committee on the
Judiciary. I do not wish to lay it on the table. I
agree with the Senator from Georgia.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from North
Carolina moves to lay the memorial on the table.
That motion is not debatable.
Mr. ADAMS called for the yeas and nays, and
they were ordered.
Mr. DAWSON. I knowthe rule, and I do not
desire to violate it; but I wish to say, that if this
is considered as a test question, my vote will be
one way; but, if the Senate desire that this subject
shall be closed merely for the piesent, my vote
shall be another way.
Mr. CHASE. I rise to a point of order. Is
debate in order on this motion ?
The PRESIDENT. Debate is not in order.
Mr. BADGER. I rise to make an inquiry of
the Chair. I believe that, if this petition be laid
on the table, it can be taken up at any time?
The PRESIDENT. Certainly, if a majority
of t.he Senate so decide.
The question being now taken by yeas and
nays, resulted—yeas 40, nays 10; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Atchison, Badger, Bell, Biad-
bury, Bright, Brodhead, Biooke. Cass, Clemens, Cooper,
Daw&on, De Saussme, Dodge of Iowa, Douglas, Downs,
Fetch, Fish, Foot, Gcyer, Hunter, James, Jones of Iowa,
Jones of Tennessee, King, Maltory, Mangum, Miller, Noi-
ris, Pearce, Pratt, Rusk, Sebastian, timith, Snuie, Spru-
anee, Toueey, Underwood, Uphain, and Wellei—40.
NAYS—Messrs. Borland, Chase, Davis, Dodge of Wis-
consin, Hale, Hamlin, Seward, Sumner, Wade, and
Walker—10.
So the memorial was laid upon the table.
BILL PASSED.
The engrossed bill granting lands to the States
of Louisiana and Mississippi, in aid of the con-
struction of certain railroads therein, was read a
third time, and passed.
THE DEFICIENCY BILL.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill from the House of Representatives, entitled
"An act to supply deficiencies in appropriations
for the service of the fical year ending 30th of
June, 1852."
The PRESIDENT. The amendments made
to the bill were ordered to be printed. They have
been printed, and I understand have been laid
upon the tables of Senators.
Mr. HUNTER. I would suggest that we take
the question on the amendments in the gross, with
such exceptions as Senators desire to have a sep-
arate vote upon. There are some of these amend-
ments on'which I desire that the vote be taken
separately. I wish a separate vote on the amend-
ment making an appropriation for the Collins line
of steamers. Also, the amendment in relation to
the custom-house at Bangor, Maine, and that in
relation to the establishment of a coal depot at
Key West, Florida.
Mr. HALE. I desire to except the proviso
providing that the Superintendent of the Nautical
Almanac be allowed a compensation of $3,000 per
annum.
Mr. DAYIS, on behalf of Mr. Clarke, ex-
cepted to the following amendment:
"For deficiency in tile appropriation for defraying the
expenses of p^parmg the Opinions of the Attorneys Gen-
eral, $1,230."
Mr. CLEMENS. It is impossible to tell what
portion of the amendments are excepted, and what
are adopted. I desire to vote upon every amend-
ment separately. I want to offer amendments to
some of them on certain conditions. _ If several of
them are retained I cannot tell which it is proposed
to vote on separately, and which is not proposed
to vote on separately.
The PRESIDENT. If objection is taken to
the course we are pursuing, each amendment must
be taken up separately.
Mr. MANGUM. All the amendments are
printed and lie on our tables. If the Clerk will
read them, we can tell which ,we wish to have
excepted.
Mr. CLEMENS. X think we should yote on
them as they come up in their order.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will state, the:
amendments made in committee. The first is:
Section 1, page 2, after line 21, insert the follow-
ing.
" For completing the floating dry-dock at San Francisco,
California, authorized by act ot'3d Marcji, 1S51, $360,000."
Mr. BRODHEAD. The Senator from Rhode
Island [Mr. Clarke] left with me an amendment
to be offered to this clause. I am not certain
whether he intended that I should offer it as an
amendment to the amendment, now under con-
sideration, or whether he intended that I should
offer it as a substitute to the amendment recently
offered by the Senator from North Carolina, [Mr.
Badger.]
Mr. HUNTER. No amendment was offered
by the Senator from North Carolina, [Mr. Bad-
ger.]
Mr. BADGER. I withdrew my amendment.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I think I will offer it at
any rate. It is a very good proposition in itself.
I will read it for the information of the Senate.
Mr. BADGER. Will the Senator allow me to
suggest that we had better go through the amend-
ments adopted in committee first? Then, it will
be in order to move new matter. *
The PRESIDENT. rl hat depends upon cir-
cumstances. If it is proposed to amend, by alter-
ing the amendment iri"the slightest degree, and by
inserting new matter, it 'must be done now.
Mr. BADGER. There is no question, sir, about
that; but I know the meaning of the amendment.
It is to add a proviso to the existing amendment,
and will be in order after we go through the amend-
ments adopted in committee. '
The PRESIDENT. Such an amendment will
then be in order.
Mr. BRODHEAD. In that case I will not offer
it now.
The question was then taken on the first amend-
ment reported by the committee, quoted above,
and it was concurred in.
The item granting " compensation to temporary
' clerks in the office of the Third Auditor of the
' Treasury, employed in making out certificates of
' service from the muster-rolls of 1812, and the
•several Indian wars, $11,800: [Provided, That
1 no clerk shall receive more than at the rate of
' §1,000 per annum under this act,"] had been still
further amended in committee, by striking out all
the words within brackets, and substituting the
following:
" Which sum shall be distributed among the clerks, ac-
cording to the discretion of the Secretary of the Treasury:
Provided, That no salary from this fund shall exeeetl
§1,200."
This amendment was concurred in.
In the appropriation for compensation to extra
clerks employed in the office of the Auditor of the
Post Office, $4,000, the word lemporanly had been
inserted after the word employed.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Senate concurred in the next amendment to
the same item, by inserting after the words $4,000,
the following: .
" For pasting in books prepared for the purpose, canceled
ceitilieates of tbe registry and enrollment of vessels re-
turned by tbe several collectors of tbe customs, §500."
The next amendment was to add to the appro-
priation of §80,000 for running and marlyng the
boundary line between the United States and Mex-
ico, according to the treaty of Guadalupe Hidal-
go, the following:
" Prodded, That nothing herein contained shall be so
constiued as to sanction a departure fiom the point on tbe
Rio Grande, north of the town called l'aso, designated in
the said treaty."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was concurred in-, to strike
out the word "fifteen" and insert the word
" twelve " in the appropriation for subdividing
townships in California into sections, so as to read
as follows:
" For subdividing townships in California into sections, at
a rate not exceeding $12 per mile, $'36,000."
The next amendment, which was concurred in,
added the following items:
