1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2339
therefore, ineligible to any office that may have
been created during the time for which I was
elected, or the emoluments whereof shall have
been increased during that time.
Now, what are the facts in this case? I have
no personal feeling about the matter at all; but
what is the case here? The Congress of the Uni-
ted States have created an office, denominated the
Commissioner to the Empire of China, for which
that Commissioner has received a compensation .
of $6,000 a year. The facts of the case, as I un-
derstand them from the public papers, are, that
this office was vacant; that the President of the
United States nominated to the Senate an indi-
vidual, and that individual has been confirmed, as
Commissioner to China. He was a member of
the House of Representatives at the moment of
his confirmation. So much I know. Since his
confirmation—and whether it be one week, or one
day, or one hour, I do not know, and I suspect
the latter time—he resigned his position as a mem-
ber of the House of Representatives. The civil
and diplomatic appropriation bill now comes here
from the House, appropriating $18,000 for this
object—$9,000 for the outfit, and $9,000 for the
salary of a Commissioner to China. The Com-
mittee on Finance of this body knew too much to
sanction that appropriation; but that committee
have offered an amendment, creating, instead of
a Commissioner to China, an officer to be an En-
voy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary,
which officer is to have a salary of $9,000, and an
outfit of §9,000; and in that same amendment they
propose to legislate, that thejudicial powers which
have been conferred by law upon the Commis-
sioner to China, shall be transferred to this new
Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipoten-
tiary to the Celestial Empire.
There is a common expression in my section of
the country, and according to that, this is " whip-
ping the devil round the stump." This amend-
ment aims to get at a thing which constitutionally
cannot be got at by the provision as it came to us.
Mr. President, as it regards the mission to
China, I have not much to say. Rut I shall have
no objection to the mission to the Ottoman Porte if
it is to be connected with a mission to Greece. If
the Government of the United States chooses to
extend the mission to Constantinople and embrace
Greece within it, I have no sort of objection. I
did endeavor to state very briefly yesterday, and I
will state again now, that the country with which
the United States have the least diplomatic rela-
tions is the Empire of China, if we except that of
Japan; and it is understood that an expedition has
been fitted out to force diplomatic relations with
that empire. Now, as to the Empire of China 
Mr. HUNTER. I would ask the Senator from
Rhode Island if he would be willing to leave the
bill as it originally came from the House? Is the
point of his objection to the change proposed to
be made ? Will he be content to have the amend-
ment of the Committee on Finance voted down,
and the proposition left as it came from the House?
Mr. CLARKE. If you vote this down, then I
will attend to the other proposition.
Mr. HUNTER. Then the votinsdown of this
provision would not remove the Senator's diffi-
culty? . , .
Mr. CLARKE. You cannot remove in this
way the objection which I have, under the terms
of the Constitution, which I have sworn to support.
1 am not to be bought off in that way; what little
integrity I have I should like to save.
What is to be the use of this mission to China ?
If I understand it aright, there is provision made
in this bill for consuls at K wang-Chow, Amoy,
Fu-Chow, Ning-Po, and Shanghai, and I believe
those consuls receive annual salaries of §5,000.
Now, at the time that the late treaty with China
was formed, there never was any compensation
whatever paid to the consul of the United States
who resided at Canton. No compensation, I be-
lieve, was asked from the Government of the
United States. It was rather a commercial con-
sulate, and it might have been supposed to be what
we call a •commercial agency. It was thought
best, however—after the English had forced China
to consent to open her ports to receive English
opium—that the United States should form com-
mercial relations by treaty with the Celestial Em-
pire A commissioner was sent out, and a treaty
was' formed. Since that time to this, except
during the period when the Hon. John W.Davis,
of Indiana, was Commissioner to China, we have
had no commissioner there; but the whole of the
duties of the office have been performed by Dr.
Parker. He understands the Chinese language.
He has been the medium of communication be-
tween this Government and the Chinese Govern-
ment during the period of ten years. He was the
medium of communication when the treaty was
formed by General Cushing. He was made Sec-
retary of the Commission, and he exercised all the
duties of the commission during the time that
elapsed between the appointment of Mr. Everett
and the appointment of Mr. Davis, of Indiana.
WhiIe*Mr. Davis was there, I believe I am safe
in saying, he had not one single solitary function
to perform. To be sure, according to the terms
of the treaty, the commissioner had high judicial
functions to exercise; but they were not exercised
while Mr. Davis was there. It was a position
without employment to him; and he got tired of it
and came away. Since that time the Government
has not found it necessary to send a commissioner,
much less an envoy extraordinary and minister
plenipotentiary, to the Celestial Empire. It has
not been found necessary to send any body there
until the present moment.
Now, the President of the United States—I
speak of this from newspaper report, for I am not
certain that the injunction of secrecy has yet been
removed—has seen fit to nominate a gentleman of
high character and talent as Commissioner to
China. That is very well. But the very moment
that is done, and it is hastened through the Sen-
ate, before the civil and diplomatic bill can pass
the House, a proposition is made there to increase
the salary of the officer from $6,000 to $18,000 for
one year.
Nobody expects that any gentleman of his high
talents and character would go to reside in China
for a great while. Why, he would go to Canton,
and the whole extent of country for him to travel
through there would not be much more than the
Capitol grounds. He would be confined to the
limits of Canton, or within three or four miles of
there. That would be all the opportunity any gen-
tleman would have to have anything like the or-
dinary comforts of life.
There are no communications to be made with
the Emperor of China, as to whether he will re-
ceive our produce, and we shall receive his in ex-
change. There is nothing to be negotiated relating
to the fisheries, or any other subject which excites
the attention of the public, at this time. In fact,
there is nothing between us and the Chinese Em-
pire except that we shall carry ginseng, cotton
goods, and a few articles of that sort from this
country to China, and bring away their silks and
teas.
Why is it, I ask, that the emoluments of this
position, at this time, should be increased two
hundred per cent? I consider that the United
States have been well represented in that empire
by Dr. Parker, who is now Secretary of the Com-
mission. He has done all the work. He under-
stands the Chinese language; and the whole of the
negotiations that have passed between the Ameri-
can Commissioner and the Chinese Government,
have been through him. No commissioner that
has been sent from this country has ever seen His
Holiness, the Emperor of the Celestial Empire, or
anybody, except some one with a crooked name,
who is Governor of the town of Canton.
I insist upon it, that there is no reason why the
relations between this country and China have be-
come so intimate and important that we should
now pay $18,000 for a year's mission to that coun-
try, instead of $6,000, which we have heretofore
paid.
I am perfectly satisfied to agree to thefull mission
to the Ottoman Porte, if you will include in it the
mission to Greece. Recent events in that country
would seem to require that somebody should be
there to attend to our inteiests, somebody more
than Mr. King, who has been recently in difficulty.
If that provision be made, I have no objection to
the mission for Turkey. 1 think that might very
well be made a full mission, because our relations
with the Turkish Empire and Greece are much
more important than those with the Chinese Em-
pire, not merely in a commercial point of view,
but m any point that connects itself with the diplo-
matic relations of our country.
I say that this mission to China is of no import-
ance whatever; that it has not attracted attention
within the last five years, and why it should be
increased in this way, I do not know. I do not
say this because I object to the individual ap-
pointed, but I place myself upon the Constitution,
and I say that this is a direct violation of the spirit,
letter, and words of Jhe Constitution, which pro-
hibit the appointment of any member of Congress
to an office created during the time for which he
was elected. Here is the office of Minister Pleni-
potentiary created. Is not that an appointment?
it may not be an " office;" gentlemen may cavil
upon the word; but the real truth is, it is an ap-
pointment, and the position will have been created
between the time of this gentleman's election to
Congress and the 4th of March next, when his
term expires.
Then take it that it does not create a new office,
but that it continues the commissioner. If that
be so, the emoluments of the commissioner are
increased, and increased during the time for which
he was elected a member of Congress, and this is
equally forbidden by the Constitution. So that,
upon both points, the Constitution is directly
against it. It is either an office created during the
time for which the gentleman who holds the place
was elected to Congress, or it is an increase of
emolument, which is also forbidden by the Con-
stitution.
Mr. PEARCE. I propose to state very briefly
what took place in the Committee on Finance in
regard to this matter. The Committee on Finance
had the subject under consideration this morning,
and if it had been competent with them to with-
draw the amendment, they would do so, not be-
cause they see any impropriety in the recommend-
ation which they have made, but from the very
obvious consideration, that by withdrawing the
amendment they would simplify the business of
the Senate, and shorten the debate. It is their de-
sire, therefore, that the amendmentshould bevoted
down.
Mr. SEWARD. I will concur with the com-
mittee in voting down this amendment, and then,
as 1 understand it, it will leave the matter in this
way, that the compensation is increased, while the
rank and office are undisturbed.
Now, Mr. President, there are two questions
which arise on this subject; and I should not ven-
ture to speak upon it at all were it not that I con-
sider this a question of precedence with regard to
the future action of Congress, and that it is import-
ant to have a just view of it on that ground, rather
than in relation to its present bearing. For my-
self, I can see no kind of difficulty about the
whole case. The Constitution declares that 'J no
( Senator or Representative shall, during the time
' for which he waselected.be appointed to any
* civil office under the authority of the United
'States, which shall have been created, or the
' emoluments whereof shall have been increased
4 during such time." Now, sir, this involves the
question of the power of the President to appoint
a Commissioner to China, the power of the per-
son nominated to accept the appointment, or to
be appointed—or, in other words—his eligibility;
and thirdly, the power of Congress to increase his
compensation. . . ,
PI ad the President power to appoint this distin-
guished citizen Commissioner to China? The
President had power to appoint him, because, al-
though he was a member of Congress, the office
existed, and the compensation had not been, at
the time of the appointment, increased. Then the
appointment was valid.
Was this person eligible? Could he take the
office*5 It is perfectly clear that he could take the
office. It was not a new office. It was not an
office which had been created, or the emoluments
of which had been increased during, the time he
was a member of Congress.
These two things, then, are settled. A further
question arises: Have Congress the right to in-
crease the compensation of the office after a mem-
ber of Congress has been appointed to hold it?
Clearly they have. There is no limitation upon
Congress. They may increase the compensation
of nnybody in the public service. There is no
stipulation that they shall not do so. There is no
restriction upon their power. They may do it
befor? the person is appointed, or afterwards.
They may do n at any time, and whenever they
do it the act is valid. The only consequence that
can arise is, that a person claiming the office, or
desiring to get the office, might not be eligible after
