1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
563
Mr, CLEVELAND. I should be happy to
hear from the chairman of the committee in regard
to this matter. It seems the gentleman upon that
committee, to whom this matter was .referred,
[Mr. TVck,] made a favorable report. It is not
to be expected that every member of this House
can inform himself with regard to ail questions,
as they come up; hence we have to be governed
by the reports of the committees. I think the
chairman of each committee, whether he is for
or against the report made, ought to give the
House the information that may be within his
possession, and the benefit of his opinion upon it.
For you all know very well, that applications to
Congress are referred to the committees, and
that the committees divide up the labor, so that a,
single individual takes a case, and then, when he
reports to the committee his conclusions, with his
reasons therefor, a bare majority of this commit-
tee may be present, and they may agree to the,
repoit; but when the report comes to the House,
we are to be controlled by the opinion of a sin-
gle man, or at the most, the opinions of three
men.
I am desirous of votingfor that bill, and against
the motion pending, provided the person who ap-
pears here as applicant, is the identical heir of this
man, and thus has a right to come here. Yet, 1
want to know from the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Revolutionary Pensions, whether there is
satisfactory evidence that this man is the heir of
John Jackson, who performed the services for
which John Paul Jones promised him pay. For,
permit me to say, that if this Englishman, who,
through mistake, came on board ofone of our ves-
sels, and was there, by the commander, compelled
to perform services which were essentially benefi-
cial to the Government and the country, at that
time, and in such services, extorted from him—he
being the subject of another Government, and sub-
ject to Us laws—!osthtsnrm,he certainly.aboveall
other men, should be rewarded. He was not work-
ing for his country for the ben'efit of 4t, but was
compelled to work against it for the benefit of us;
and, if m that condition he suffered, should we
turn round and say that, because he was not one
of ns, therefore he should not receive the compen-
sation which our own citizens would receive for :
services similarly performed? Jiow, I want to
know frdm the chairman of the Committee on :
Pensions, whether this individual, who makes this
applic3tion, is the heir of the person entitled to
the pension, provided it be granted. Will hegive
that information to the House ?
Mr. MILLSON. I did not desire to have any-
thing to say upon this bill, and I should have pre-
ferred that the committee by unannnous consent
had passed it over, until the return of the gentle-
man from New Hampshire, [Mr. Tuck,] who had
considered it, and reported upon it, both to the
committee and to this House. But the gentleman
from Connecticut [Mr. Ci.f^ eland] calls upon me
for information upon the subject; and I will say that
when this claim was reported to the committee, it
was made a subject of conversation. I did not then
give any examination into this case, hut from the
statement made by the gentleman from New Hamp-
shire [Mr. Tuck] to the committee, I remarked
that there was, perhaps, tx prima fuck, casein favor
of the petitioner, and without meaning to commit
myself as to the course I might afterwards, upon
examination, find it my duty to take. Yet I
thought it due to the claimant, that the petition
should not be stifled in the committee, but that it
should come before the House, where it might be
fully examined. I afterwards made some exami-
nation of the case, and I came to the conclusion
that the claim was not one which should receive
the favorable consideration of Congress.
After the gentleman from Connecticut [Mr.
Cleveland] has concluded, I may say a word
in reference to the subject, but 1 will now content
myself with responding to Ins specific inquiry—
that is, whether the person now appearing as claim-
ant, is the heir at law of the original petitioner'
Upon that subject I may say that I did not think
the evidence at all satisfactory. I considered it
as exceedingly loose. Tie may be the descendant
of John Jackson, or he may not be.
Mr. CLEVELAND. 1 think that the House,
in acting on a report, have the right to presume
that the important fact of the right of the petitioner
to ask relief of us is established before they consent
to a favorable report. I think that ought to be
settled in the committee, and that we ought not to
have reports made in favor of appropriations of
money out of the Treasury without committees
being satisfied in regard to all of the facts. I do
not understand how the individual member of the
committee who reported this bill could have ob-
tained the consent of that committee—of my friend
who is at the head of that committee—while there
was this doubt existing in relation to the right of
this claimant to petition as the heir of Mr. Jackson.
I confess, from the answer I have obtained from
the chairman of that committee, [Mr. Million,]
that I am unable to understand why this report
has been submitted. As he intimates thathe will
enlighten the House hereafter upon the subject,
and I have no doubt he will, I therefore leave it.
1 go upon the supposition that the committee found
the facts they have reported to exist; and if they
did, sir, I ask upon what principle this committee
is prepared to deny action in reference to this sub-
ject? Will it be said that it shall be passed over
because it is a stale claim? Will jt be said, if we
can successfully resist a just claim for fifty or sev-
enty years, that that is adequate compensation to
the claimant? Are we going to establish tins nice
notion of morality, in this way, by thedoubts and
suspicions which arc thrown oat year after year,
CongressafterCongress, and defeat the honest and
just claims of individuals upon us? Will we in-
trench ourselves behind the stnfu-e of limitations,
and say that we will not pay it, thus taking ad-
vantage of our own wrong? Here is the letter of
John Paul Jones. I do not know whether it was
heard by the whole House when read by the gen-
tleman from Maine, [Mr. Goodkyiuv,] but I think
not. I will, therefore, w iih the leave of the House,
read it.
[Mr. C. here lead the certificate of John Paul
Jones, (which is published in a preceding column,)
given on board the Serapis, at the Texel, and dated
November 15, 1779.]
J confess to you, sir, that I knew nothing of this
claim until it was presented at the bar of the House
this morning. It is difficult for me to conceive of
a claim made by the heirs of any man who per-
formed important set vices to this country that ap-
pears more meritorious from the testimony offered
here in its support. This man, it is abundantly
proved by the document read here, which was
authenticated by Benjamin Prankli-nand the others
concerned, rendered important scrvice. His ser-
vices were thought necessary for the protection of !
our liberties and property, mid for the prosperity ;
of our cause. He was compelled to peiform these i
services against Ins own couwti y and ng.nnst his1
wishes; and for what? Ik-cause simply he made
a mistake. lie having suffei ed as he did, contrary
to his will, m our service, and for our benefit, in it
for us to turn around and say that, we will not pay
him therefor? or rather that we will not treat his
heirs as we would treat the heirs of an American
citizen ? Why, sir, far be it from me to say that
I would not honor the draft of John Paul Jones.
He tells this Congress that they were services for
which he himself put his hands into his pocket
and paid; and he also guarantied that our Govern-
ment would be just and liberal towards him. If we
have not recognized the claim for the services of
this man vet, I ask upon what principle we shall
now say that it should he resisted 5 If we do it at
all, it must be on account of the long period of
time which has elapsed since the important ser-
vices were rendered. I do not think that is a suf-
ficient reason; and for one I regret most sincerely
that the gentleman who reported this bill is not
present. I desire some member, more conversant
with the business of the House than myself, to
devise some way by which the matter can be post-
poned until the member to whom I referred re-
turns. As is suggested, I will move that the case
be postponed till this day two weeks.
The CHAIRMAN. A motion is already pend-
ing.
Mr. CLEVELAND. I will ask the gentleman
who made the motion now pending, to alter it so
as to have this matter postponed for two weeks.
TheCHAIRMAN. It is not in order.
Mr. CLEVELAND. I hope this bill may be
laid aside and left in the hands of its friends.
Mr. CARTTER. The bill might as well he
disposed of now, as there is a good deal of work
upon the Private Calendar. I confess that the ob-
ligation does not strike me as it does the honorable
member from Connecticut. Theobligation is one
of the third generation removed from the man who
suffered. Now, I believe that it did not enter into
the economy of the pension laws of this Govern-
ment when paying its own citizens for suffering
endured and for services performed for the'Gov-
ernment, to grant a pension aften their decease, and
upon theother hand no such pensions were granted.
This man died as long ago as 1815. He lived and
died a British subject—the subject of an empire
which, during the whole period of this man's
life, was impressing our own seamen. And who
ever heard of the British Government rewarding
one of our citizens who had been impressed into
their service? But he did not live to appeal to this
Government for it. The highest pretension of this
case is, as I read it from the report, that his only
son came to this country a British subject to ap-
peal to this Government to grant relief—and he
died too. With what title? Why the conclusive
language of the report is—with the title, as it is said,
of his sisters. That is a beautiful kind of title m
which to grant a pension—that a British subject
came here some thirty-six years ago with the pre-
tense that he had the assignment of his sisters, and
that he was the heir of the deceased ancestor. But
he is dead too, and the gentleman who makes his
appeals here now is said to be his son. in the first
place, the ancestor of the present applicant, a
i-h-niish subject—the son of a British subject—the
subject of an empire who never rendered corre-
sponding immunity to the impressed citizens of
the Republic—has some kind of claim: that is, his
father was said to have received the title of his
aunts to the claim upon this Government for a
pen.sion created after the death of the ancestor.
Now my doctrine is, that this idea of granting
pensions to the posterity of a gallant man is all
wiong any way. The pension is a personal ac-
knowledgment of the Government to the personal
chivalry and services of the citizen. And when
a child comes forward, and asks that this Govern-
ment shailpension services that he never performed,
but upon 'the strength of the chivalry of his an-
cestor, my reply to him is, that he had better be
doing something else more worthy of himself. That
I believe should be the economy of the subject.
Here you have three generations of British sub-
jects, the earliest ancestoi of whom accidentally
stumbled into an American privateer, and while
there he could not get out of the way of the
enemy's shot. I understand, from statements of
gentlemen upon the floor, that if he could have
got out of the way, he would have been glad to
ha\ e done so. it appears, at any rate, that he did
not love the stars and stripes well enough to remain
any longer than he could prevent, for he went on
to the soil of Great Britain, died there, and now
his descendant comes an applicant here.
Mr. GrOODENOW". The report states that he
went on board the American vessel by mistake.
Being on board, he was compelled by the com-
mander to do service in piloting the ship, and
while there he received a wound by which he lost
an arm. I wish to say further, that the father of
the person who now claims, died in consequence
of a wound he received in the service at the navy-
yard of this city. I would respectfully inquire of
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Cari'-ier,] if it is
not a fact that, upon the pension rolls of this Gov-
ernment, theie area number of persons who have
never renounced their allegiance to Great Hr-tam^
and who have done good service in the cause of,
our country '
Mr. CARTTER. I have not examined the
records; but if they have not done it, it is rime
they were about it. That is all I have to say about
that. It is timethatall such men were renouncing
their allegiance to Great Britain or to their pension,
one or the other. The gentleman, in his last sug-
gestion, raised, as an additional argument in sup-
port of the bill, in the fact that the father of the
present applicant received in the navy-yard a
wound of which he died. Fetch him forward;
let us pension him. That begins to look some-
what plausible. He was in the American nnvy-
yard, and if he received the wound spoken of, in
the service of his country., there may be some pro-
priety in it. But there is this ridiculous feature
in the whole bill, and that is, the applicant is hrr«
through two generations, and comes forward in
virtue of assignments of rights of chivalry. That
is the ridiculous feature of it—a right that did not
exist, never was granted—a right by assignment
of the benevolence of this Government-  
