566
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 13,
e-mia [Mr. Mills on] an opinion; and I certainly
meant to do it in the kindest manner, having no
feelings towards that gentleman but those of the
utmost kindness. But I say, in regard to this
matter, that when the report was read, and the
letters were, read by the gentleman from Maine,
[Mr. Goodenow,] it appeared to me that it was
one of those cases which deserved the favorable
consideration of the House, but which, against
all equity, against all justice, was in danger of
being defeated; and that was the reason why 1
interposed to say anything upon the subject.
Now, 1 ask, and I hope gentlemen will answer
me candidly, whether they would hesitate one
moment to vote a man a pension who had suffered
in the late war with Mexico precisely in the
manner this man did, in the war of the Revolu-
tion? Sir, that man does not have the honor of
holding a seat upon this floor, who would have
voted against it. I do not hesitate to say, that if
a man had suffered in one of our ships during the
Mexican war, as this claimant suffered, there is
not a man upon this floor who would have resisted
a claim for Jus relief. Is it not proper for us, in
this case to inquire whether anything has been
done in regard to this matter; or whether there is
anything concerning it which should place this
applicant in a worse condition than if the events
to which the claim relates had occurred more re-
cently ' Let us look at the matter for a moment.
Has there been any consideration paid to this man
for being compelled to serve against his country,
and to suffer as he did in the service of our coun-
try ? Has this country ever rewarded this im port-
ant service, thus forced from a man who was
under no obligation to serve us? I answer, No,
never! Is it a stale claim, which has never been
presented here? So far from this, the gentleman
who is atthehead of the Committee on Revolution-
ary Pensions—the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
MillsonJ—admits that it was presented early,
and that it has been pursued down to the present
time. When the gentleman from Virginia pre-
sented that information I could not help thinking
that by the time the kState of Virginia gets her
$120,000, which she is now petitioning Congress
tor, that she would meet with about as many
difficulties as we have met with in endeavoring to
do justice to this unfortunate man—I mean the
claim which the State of Virginia has before this
House, of about the same age, of $190,000, to be
paid out of the public Treasury, for money which
she advanced towards the completion of this Cap-
itol. A report has been made against it in the
Senate. I am inclined to believe that report is
wrong. 1 only mentkm,it for the purpose of illus-
tration.
Mr. MILLSON, (interrupting.) Does the gen-
tleman know that I nm in favor of that claim?
Alt*. CLEVELAND. Certainly not. T am
only showing that this is not tin' only stale claim
before the Comrress of the United States. That is
all. I do not know whether the gentleman from
Virgil i !'i is in favor of it or against it; I only know
that such a rlaiin is line. 1 ask if, from the time
this man first presented his claim down to the
present day, there has been any abandonment of
it by himself or his heirs? 1 answer no. Have
we ever paid one cent towards that claim - I nn-
suer no. I then put this question to the House:
Are we under obligations—honorable obligations
-—to o.ty him for bis sufferings or to pay it to his
children? Is it a good answer to say (hat because
he is dead, his heirs shall not have what was due
to him, in his lifetime ? That would be a strange
doctrine. If we have failed to pay to a man in his
lifetime what was rightfully due" him, justice re-
quires that we should pay if. to his legal heirs after
his death. If gentleman will examine into this
matter, they will find that this man performed im-
portant service for us, and in so doing suffered the
loss of all arm; now he comes forward by his heirs
arid claims Ins just reward which has never been
paid him; and the question arises, whether we will
take advantage of the length of time which has
e.apsed since his service was rendered and say we
will not pay it ? J am to!d that a favorable ,.e t
was made in this case some fifteen or twenty years
'™v.e sent for that report.
' '! "LKR. I will state to the gentle-
man tnat I was mistaken when I stated that fact.
r i'Ci°n e:K.nrn'nation that it was a bill for the
relief of the heirs of John Paul Jones to which I
referred.
Mr. CLEVELAND. I had some doubts about
the matter. But whether a favorable report has
been made on it or not, makes no difference—
whether a former Congress has rejected the claim
or allowed it makes no difference with me.
There is a disposition to disregard the just claims
of individuals presented here; there is an indisposi-
tion to give them that careful attention which they
should revive at the hands of a tribunal, the only
one upon earth before which they can prefer claims
of this character against the Government. But
when this argument is used, it seems to me it is
adding insult to former injustice. How many are
there who take the trouble to inform themselves in
regard to these claims ? Very few. What is the
general feeling? It is this: Away with the claim;
some speculator has got hold of it, and we will vote
against it. This bugbear—I use the word inten-
tionally—this bugbear, that agents and specula-
tors are going to reap the benefits, has prevented a
large number of honest claims from receiving that ;
consideration which-they are entitled to. As to j
this bill, I never heard of it until this morning, but •
it is not for me to stop my ears and "shut my eyes,
and refuse to do my duty in regard to a petitioner,
merely because some one whispers in my ear, or
whispers about the House, that ail agent is doing j
somethingwrongabout it. In that way an honest j
man has no better chance than a knave. It is our j
duty, permit me to say—and I say itvery respect-
fully to the House—to give these privateclaimants
a fair and impartial hearing; and if we find that
they have merits in their claims, let us never offer
as an apology for the tardy justice we are called
upon now to render, that they have been rejected
and rejected, until they have wasted more, in
coming here to ask justice at our hands, than the
original claim was worth. I know of many such
instances, wheremen, with as legal, just,and right-
: eous claims against the Government as ever man had
against his fellow-man, were delayed, and delayed,
Until they had expended more money in asking jus-
tice of Oongress.Mho ought, willingly and prompt-
ly to have done justice to them, than the original
claim amounted to. 1 have no fear of the cry that
I am disposed to be extravagant. I am disposed
to be just, and make this Government pay its
honest debts. I am the last man living who will
consent, as one of the two hundred and thirty-
three triers here, to Crush a private individual and
his claim, because Government can do it with im-
punity. It is a system of dishonesty to whSfch I
never intend to become a party. But when I make
that remark, I do not intend to reflect upon any
member of this House. I mean to say that I fear
we are too inconsiderate and regardless of the
rights of individuals, merely because they are in-
! dividual*. But, sir, let any question arise touch-
i ing the claim or piuspects of any presidential as-
i pirant who could, if elected, return favors for fa-
i vols granted, how ready we should be, how eager
every member would be to inform and commit
! himself in favor of the individual, because there
; might then be a return. Sir, the selfishness which
[ induces members to sacrifice the rights of honest
claimants for the purpose of gaming popularity as f
1 economists, or from carelessness and inattention,
: deserves to be rebuked, and so far as my voice and
vote will acromnlish that object, it shall be done.
Mi. AVEHJ3TT. Mr. Chairman, I do not rise
I for the purpose of prolonging this debate, but to
I protest against its protraction. I have no doubt
i that the committee have been ready to vote upon
J this case for the last hour. 1 desire prompt and
I faithful attention to the bills on the Calendar. But,
! if the time allotted to their consideration is to be
1 consumed by such lectures as we have just heard,
just claims will be defeated, and new arguments
furnished to those who desire the establishment
of a new department of Government, to facilitate
the getting of money from the Treasury. We
need no such new wheel to be added to the already
• too complicated machinery of Government. If we
fail to do justice to claimants, it is not because we
cannot, but because we will not.
j Mr. HOWARD. It appears to me that this
claim had its oiigm in clear legal liabilities. What
were they? A British subject was taken a pris-
oner upon an American man-of-war, and is com-
pelled to serve in an action against his own Gov-
ernment. Now this is contrary to the law of
nations, and the law of war. John Paul Jones
understood that law when he gave that certificate.
He knew what lie was about when he promised
to pay that man half pay for life as pilot. He
knew that in compelling that man to serve against
his own country, he had violated the laws of na-
tions, and the laws of war, and he endeavored to
make him the only compensation in his power,
which was a pecuniary one. Now, there is no
objection in this world against this claim, except
its age, and this Government is clearly bound to
make him an equitable compensation for the injury
which was done to him, in violation of the laws of
war and of nations. That is the origin and foun-
dation of this claim; and when this certificate was
given to him by John Paul Jones, at the time, it
was clearly felt to be a legal obligation, and one
which an individual has a right to claim of a na-
tion, at whose hands he suffers wrong by a viola-
tion of public law. This seems to me too clear for
argument. This claim has never been paid. It
ought to be paid to some one, and it is one which
goes to the heirs of Mr. Jackson, whoever they
may be.
[Cries of "Question!" " Question! ]
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I do not intend to inflict
a speech upon the committee at this time. I wish
to call its attention to a few facts; and if they are
satisfactorily established, this claim ought to be
allowed. . .
The first fact is this: Are the committee satisfied
that John Paul Jones gave the certificate set out in
the report in this case? I understand that it is
proved. If that fact is established, and satisfac-
torily to this House, it seems to me it establishes
the claim, and that we ought to make remunera-
tion to the heirs of this man. The second fact is,
whether the heirs of this man are to be benefited
by this claim. Now, upon that point, the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Chandler] has
fully answered the objection ■which has been made.
It will be the duty of the Secretary, by the pro-
visions of this act," as it is here presented, to allow
this claim only when the proof of that fact shall
be adduced before him. Now, as regards this
claim, if the members of the committee are satis-
fied that John Paul Jones gave the certificate, it
seems to me that it is a just and righteous one,
and one to which this Congress ought to respond.
But, m relation to the other fact, certainly there
can no question be raised here in reference to it.
Mr. WALSH. I wish to consider the view of
the question as taken by the gentleman from Tex-
as, [Mr. Howard,] that it was a violation of the
rules of war and of the laws of nations. A sin-
gular contrast to the conduct in that action—
though it resulted in the necessity of the case—is
presented in the battle between the Constitution
and Gruerrier, an account of which we have lately
heard from a prisoner of war on board the Guer-
ner. As the Constitution approached, and its
American character was ascertained, this prisoner
made an appeal to the commander,Dacres, wheth-
er he should remain upon deck. The commander
replied, "No, sir; I have no right to keep you in
such a position. Go below." I trust we shall
have something like a disposition to imitate the
English in that particular. Now, there can be no
doubt but that this man was entitled to indemnity.
Suppose that under this pressure of war we had
seized his goods and chattels, and taken a 'ay
those important means of his livelihood, would he
not be entitled to compensation? I do not rise,
however, to present even this view, and I do not
mean to detain the committee long, but I rise to
object to this plea of the statute of limitation. I
object to it in principle. I object to it because there
are too many men m this nation who will follow
the example of the Government; and I hope this
House will look not only to its own dignity, not
only to what is right, but to the rights of parties
who come before them as claimants; and that it
will, in relation to a great public example, set their
face against the plea. And 1 will say in addition,
that where the Government has thought proper to
rely upon the lapse of time as a means of defence
against claims, they have pnn ided for it in their
statutes.
Now let me further say, that of all the things in
the world the plea of the statute of limitations
against, revolutionary claims is the most deficient
of merit. Something h^s been said of the Conti-
netftal Congress. Why, did they pay all their
responsibilities ? Are we to be told at this time that
the Government has faithfully discharged all its
duties, and paid all the claims against it,? If we in-
troduce the plea of limitation upon a case where the
