1478
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 26,
I)6w supply of furniture. Now, sir, it seems to
me .that the reasons assigned why we should pass
this appropriation are the very reasons why we
should stop; because every additional office you.
furnish-will be adduced as a reason for furnishing
more. But I have no idea of stopping this. It.
will go on, and next year it will be $2,000; and
the next year more; and then we shall have an-
other class of offices to furnish, and this bill be
brought up as a precedent, and there will be no
end to it.
Mr. HUNTER. I understand from the Sena-
tor from Arkansas, [Mr. Sebastian,] who is fa-
miliar with this subject, that it is not usual to
make an approprmtion for furnishing these offices,
but it 18 usual to pay for the furniture out of the
contingent fund. I also gather that $300 will fur-
nish that office in California. I therefore move
to strike out " J1,000," and insert " $300."
The PRESIDENT. That question will be first
„taken.
Mr. ATCHISON. The Senator from Virginia
admits the necessity of some appropriation to fur-
nish the office of superintendent of Indian Affairs
in California. I am also of opinion that some-
thing less than $1,000 will be sufficient, and that
perhaps $300 will be enough. In that view of the
subject I concur; but to striking out the whole, and
obliging the superintendent to furnish his office out
of his ownoocket, I am entirely opposed.
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment to the amendment, and it was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. Is it now in order to move to
strike out the whole ?
The PRESIDENT. It is in order.
Mr. HALE. As the Senate have shown a dis-
position to take the right course by striking out a
part, I move to strike out the whole.
Mr. BADGER. I wisli to assign one reason
for not striking it all out, which is the reason that
I did not fote for reducing it. The Senator from
New Hampshire [Mr. Hai.e] has intimated that
he will shortly bring forward a proposition to fur-
nish the apartments of Senators in this city; and
as the rejection of this amendment would form a
precedent against the proposition of that Senator,
and as I should be very sorry to see any obstacle
thrown in his way, I hope the amendment will be
retained.
The question was taken on the motion to strike
out the amendment as amended, and it was de-
cided in the negative.
The question then recurred on the amendment
as amended, and it was agreed to.
The next amendment made in Committee oi' the
Whole was to add the following proviso:
c< Provided That, after the thirtieth day of Jiiiip, 1P52, all
payments of interest on said awards •shall cea^e; and that
the Secretary of the Interior be, and he hereby, directed
to pay said claimant-* the amount of pmicipal uwardod 111
«>aeh ease respectively, and that the amount necessary for
lhi« purpose be, and the same is hereby, appioptmted : Pro-
vided That tin: final pajmcni and satisfaction of"
naid award* shall be first ratified and approved as a final
j"lease of all claims of such parties, under the foui teenth
Ptpcle o'" said treatv, by the proper national authority ot
the Choci.nv*, i:i mji-Ii Join) as may be piescnbed by the
Secretaiy ot the hiUM-inr"—
to this clause:
" For interest on the amounts awarded Choctaw claim-
ant*, under the fourteenth article of the treaty of Dancing
IJnbbiiCieftk, ol 27 ih of September, 1830,1m hinds on which
they resided, but which it is impossible togivtMhinn, and m
lieu of the scrip that has been awarded under the a<-t of 23d
of .August, 18fi, not deliverable, east, by the third section
ofs.'ud law, pei act of thiid March, 1$4;>, for the half year
ending the 30iii of June, 1852, $"31,800."
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment made in Committee of the
Whole was to strike out the following clause:
" For compensation to three special agents and four inter-
preters tor the Indian tubes of Texas, and for the puichase
of presents, and to negotiate with said Indians, under in-
structions from the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, for
their removal-from that State to some designated unoccu-
pied territory of the United States, $23,000;"
And to insert in lien thereof—
For the purchase of presents, and to negotiate under in-
structions from the Secretary of the Interior with the In-
dians m Texas who have intruded themselves into tjiat
State from the Territories ot the United States, for theirie-
xnoval from that State, $25,000.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment made, as in Committee of
the Whole, was to amend this clause:
" For continuing the collection and tor publishing the sta
tistics and other information authorized by the act of third
of March, 1847, and subsequent acts, $17,000,"
by adding to it this proviso:
u Provided, That the work shall be completed in five vol-
umes, and that at least one volume shall be published in
each year until the whole series of five volumes shall be
finished."
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment agreed to, as in Committee
of the Whole, was to correct a clerical error by
substituting "Indiana" for "Indians" in the fol-
lowing clause:
" For expenses of removal and subsistence of Pottawato-
miesof Indians, $*22,509."
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment adopted^ as in Committee
of the Whole, was to insert the following clause:
" For the reappropriation of $10,009 for the redemption
of outstanding loan-office and final-settlement certificates,
this being a portion of the sum of §-37,589 59 heretofore ap-
propriated for that purpose, and earned to the surplus fund
on the 31st day of December, 18-1 '3 : Provided, That here-
after all claims on account of such loan-office and final-set
tlement certificates, unless presented at the Treasury of the
United States withm two years from the passage of this act,
shall be considered as barred, and not thereafter payable."
The PRESIDENT. The question is on con-
curring in this amendment.
Mr. HALE. I want to ask the chairman of
the Committee on Finance who reported this
amendment, what is the reason for the proviso
contained in the latter part of it ? I suppose there
are very few of these certificates outstanding. I
understand that the amount of them to come in
will not be more than $5,000 or $6,000. What is
the use, then, on the face of this bill, of repudi-
ating those which may come in after two years?
If they come in afterwards, they will undoubtedly
be paid, notwithstanding the proviso. Then
what is the use of it?
Mr. HUNTER. It seemed to the committee
to be proper that there should be some restriction
in point of time as to these old claims. They are
very old; and for the purpose of forcing them to
be presented in a reasonable time, it was thought
best to insert a restriction of two years. The
committee thought that to be a reasonable time.
The amendment was concurred in.
The nextamendment made, as in Committee of
the Whole, was to amend the clause providing1 for
payment for revising the laws of Minnesota Terri-
tory by adding this proviso:
" Provided, That hereafter no e.\penM> incurred byaTer-
ritorial Legislature shall bp paid out of the Treasury of the
United States, unless previously sanctioned by law."
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendmentagreed to, as in Committee
of the Whole, was to insert—
" For contingent expenses of the Senate, $137,775."
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment adopted, as in Committee
1 of the Whole, was to insert—
I "To enable the Secretary of Hie Senate to pav for the eop-
i ics of tho rcpoit of Doctor David Dale Owen, United States
! geologist, <m the geology of Iowa and Wisconsin, and Min-
1 ii"-ota Terntojv, heietofoie ordered to bo executed tor the
u-e of the Senate, undei the special direction of the Com-
j mi-sioner of the Geneial Land Olhce, $.'11,018 75: Pro-
■ i'fdc'l, That no moie thanfiity cent® a copy shall be paid foi
| the binding of the book.
[ "To enable the Clerk of the House of Representatives to
I pay tor three thousand five hundred copies of the repoit of
Doctoi David Dale Owen, on the geology of fowa and Wis-
, con^in, and Minnesota Temtoiy, ordered by a resolution
, of the House of Repiesentatives, to be executed under the
! special direction of the Cominis^ionei of the GcneroJ Land
()fhce,$lf>,l87 50: Provided, That no more than fifty cents
a copy shall be paid for the binding ot tho book.
'• For contingent expenses of the library of Congress,
.•jj'SOO."
The PRESIDENT. Will the Senate concur
in this amendment?
Mr. BRADBURY. I move to strike out $31,-
218 75, and insert $20,000. This amendment to
the amendment I believe is rendered proper in con-
sequence of the diminution of expense which was
made, when the bill was in Committee of the
Whole, in regard to binding the volumes. Twenty
thousand dollars will be about a sufficient sum to
purchase the number of volumes required, since
the original bill contemplated the payment of two
dollars a volume for binding, and the amendment
which was adopted limited the price to fifty cents.
The amount appropriated is to pay for printing
and binding. Inasmuch as one dollar and My
cents is taken from the cost of binding each vol-
ume by the amendment already adopted, it is
necessary to diminish the appropriation by that
amount.
Mr. HUNTER. It is true, that the reduction
in the price of binding will reduce the estimate
made by the Department, but I do not know the
precise sum to which it will reduce it; and, there-
fore, I thought it was safer to leave the'original
amount. The Secretary will only expend what
his estimate would require, reduced, as it has
been, by the Senate. I do not know the exact
amount. Does the Senator from Maine know ?
Mr. BRADBURY. 1 made an estimate when
the bill was under consideration a few days ago,
and I think it was about $20,000. I am not cer-
tain of the precise amount. If it should exceed
the amount, or fall a little short, provision can
be made hereafter. It requires the taking off of
$1 50 from each volume. We have a statement of
the number of volumes. Certainly, $21,000 or
$22,000 will cover the whole amount. I know
§22,000 will; and, therefore, I vary the amend-
ment to make it that amount.
Mr. BADGER. I want to remind the Senator
from Maine that he seems to think it a very easy
thing to pass through both Houses of Congress a
bilP to supply a deficiency. How long have we
been in trying to pass this bill? As was said by
the Senator from Virginia, if we leave the amount
at $31,000, no more will be expended than the
contract calls for.
Mr. HAMLIN. When this matter was up, in
Committee of the Whole, I made a statement that
it had been communicated to me that the binding
was to cost $2 a volume. Such was? the inform-
ation communicated to me*, but I am bound to
state that another communication has been since
made to me, from which I suppose the binding was
to cost only sixty-two and a half cents. That
would leave only twelve and a half cents to be
taken off on each volume—a very small sum, and
one which, I think, will render the amendment of
my colleague unnecessary. If the facts were as
I supposed the other day, I would concur most
cheerfully in that amendment; but as it is, I think
it is unnecessary.
Mr. BRADBURY. I took the statement of my
colleague as the basis on which I made my esti-
mate. If that statement was incorrect,! certainly
do not wish to press the amendment, and, there-
fore, I withdraw it.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on con-
curring in the amendment made as in Committee
of the Whole.
Mr. BADGER. I desire to submit an amend-
ment to the amendment. When this subject was
under consideration in Committee of the Whole,
I suggested that I thought fifty cents a copy for
binding such a book as this would not procure
binding of the description and quality appropriate
to the nature of the work. I move now, in order
to test the sense of the Senate, to strike out " fifty
cents," in the proviso, and insert "seventy-five
cents."
Mr. HAMLIN. I hope that the amendment
to the amendment will not be adopted; because I
believe that if the book is bound in accordance with
the present contract, at sixty-two and a half cents,
it will be a good, thorough, sufficient, and sub-
stantial binding.
Mr. BADGER. Then I will vary the amend-
ment to the amendment, and make it " sixty-two
and a half cents."
Mr. HAMLIN. I beg also to state that I have
on my desk an amendment which I propose to
oiler to the Senate, if it shall become necessary.
I do not propose to offer it now. This book was
ordered to be printed under the direction of the
Commissioner of the General Land Office. Under
that direction, I am told, he has made a contract
for the printing and binding. The latter part, I
contend, was not within his power. The Senate
having made a contract with another person to do
all the binding of the Senate, the Commissioner,
by virtue of the instructions to print the work,
had no authority on earth to bind it; therefore the
Senate, in good faith, are bound to maintain the
contract which they have made with their binder.
The person who is to bind the work under the
Commissioner is in Philadelphia. I learn that he
will be here this day; and it is hoped, and I believe
I may say it is expected, that an amicable ar-
rangement will be made between the two parties,
so that there will be no conflict of the contracts.
If such a state of facts shall exist, I have no doubt
that the book will be well bound for the sum
stated. If it is not brought about, 1 shall offer an
amendment directing the binding to be done by the
binder of the Senate, who is anxious to do it, and
