1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1479
it will be done most faithfully by him for half a
dollar a volume
Mr. BADGER. Upon that explanation, I
withdraw my proposed amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment agreed to, as in Commit-
tee of the Whole, was to insert:
" Forthe paymentof James W. Hale, of the city of New
York, in full for discharging the duties of dispatch a~ent
from September, 1849, to June, 1850, inclusive, the sum of
i$600."
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment made, as in Committee
of the Whole, was to insert after the provision for
the payment of geological surveys, the following:
" Provided, That there shall be no further geological sur-
vey prosecuted in Oregon, unless authorized by law."
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment agreed to, as in Commit-
tee of the Whole, was to insert:
u To enable the Secretary of State to pay William E.
Anderson, for the loss of time and expense incurred by him
in coming from Rio Janeiro to New York, unikr the direc-
tion of the American Minister at the Brazilian court, to
testify against certain persons alleged to have been engaged
m the stave trade, §-350." ®
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment made, as in Committee of
the Whole, was to amend the clause appropriating
$1,800 for compiling, printing, and' binding the
Biennial Register for 1851, by striking out $1,800
and inserting $2,253.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment made, as in Committeeof
the Whole, was to insert the following:
" And also a sum not exceeding #10,734 65, is hereby-
appropriated to p.iy Adam Boyd Hamilton, accord n<* to
contract, for printing 20,000 and binding 18,610 copies, of
395 pages each, of the Register's report of the commetce
and navigation of the United States, for 1851.
" The sam of $10,000 is hereby appropnated, to be paid to
and expended under the direction of the Attorney Genera!
of the touted States, m procuring such copies or other evi- i
dences of the laws, decrees, oi ordinances of the Snam&h
or Mexican Governments relating to or affecting land claims
in California or New Mexico, and also such copies or
memorials of said claims as may be obtained from the rcc-
oids of the Mexican Government, with all such other docu-
mentary and official evidence as the said Attorney Geneial
may deem necessary and propei, and may diiect to be pro-
cured. And for the purposed procuring the information
aforesaid, the said Attorney General is hereby authorized
to employ oi appoint an agent, who is to act under the di-
rection of, and to receive such compensation as the said
Attorney General may allow and order: Provided, how-
ever} That the whole expense of agency, of procuring
books and documents, oi u<ui?.portHtmn, and of translation,
and of everything connected with the work, except the
printing:, shall not exceed the sum herein appropriated."
Mr. WELLER. I move to strike out the words •
" Attorney General," wherever they occur in the J
amendment, and substitute for it " President." ]
Mr. BADGER. I hope that motion will not ]
prevail. This subject, 1 believe, was pretty well
considered and discussed on a similar motion
made by my friend from Georgia, [Mr. Dawson,]
when the Senate resolved to retain the provision
in its present shape. I see no reason now why
we should change that determination.
Mr. DAWSON. The'vote, it will be recollect-
ed, was only a difference of one; altogether, as I
thought at the time, for want of a thorough under-
standing of the subject. The object is to place
this appointment m the hands of the President
instead of the Attorney G enerai. That is the only
object. I trufit- that the proposition as made by
the Senator from California will be adopted. In
accordance with my views, 1 attempted the same
thing when we were in Committee of the Whole.
I am not now desirous of discussing the question.
Mr. BORLAND. I agree with the Senator
from North Carolina fully, and hope the amend- j
ment to the amendment will not prevail. That '
Senator remarked that it was fully considered and ■
discussed some time ago in Committee of the >
Whole, and the Senate determined to retain the ;
amendment as it now stands in the bill. I do not ;
think it at all necessary to go over the grounds in |
support of the amendment in its present form. !
When urged, I thought they were conclusive and I
satisfactory, and I hope they will be considered so S
now. f
The amendment to the amendment was agreed ;
to, there being on a division—yeas 22, nays 11. j
The question recurred on concurring in the ;
amendment as amended. j
Mr. RUSK. 1 move to strike out of the amend- ,
ment all in relation to the appointment of the agent !
to be sent to Mexico. I do not see that there is !
any use for him. He could not be used as legal
authority in a court of justice; and these things
had much better be left to the investigation of the
parties themselves who are interested in the sub-
ject of the land titles. We appointed a commis-
sion some time ago for a similar purpose, and
nothing has been done; and 1 apprehend that,
under this provision, nothing will be done, or if
anything should be done, it will be the collection
of a mass of information which will be of no au-
thority.
Mr. BADGER. Mr. President, my friend
from Texas I think entirely misunderstands the
purpose, and underrates the importance of this
amendment. The Supreme Court have found
themselves in such difficulty that they cannot get
on with the consideration and adjudication ofclaims
depending upon the Mexican and Spanish laws in
force in those countries, because those laws are
not to be obtained. The object is not to collect
private documents; it is to collect the public laws
from the public archives, Spanish and Mexican,
which are .necessary, in order that the courts in
the Territories and States, and afterwards the Su-
preme Court, may be enabled to understand the
law by which the cases are to be adjusted. When
this collection is made, it will have just as much
authority as any other collection of that kind. I
happen to know that this is a subject m which the
iudgesof the court feel a deep interest, as abso-
lutely indispensable to enable them to discharge
their duties properly. That is the state of the
case.
Mr. RUSK. Then this appropriation is alto-
gether wrong, because we need no agent. All that
we need is a translator of these laws; for they are
here in the State Department. All the.Mexican
laws upon the subject of land titles in California—
in fact, all the Mexican laws—are here in the State
Department. All that we need on the subject is
a translator, authorized to translate and publish
them. I know it is very difficult to get inform-
ation—especially reliable information—by any
agent sent to Mexico. It is a matter almost im-
possible to do so; and I apprehend this would be
a needless expenditure of money. The amount is
not great, and if I thought any good would come
of it, 1 would not care about it; but my opinion
is, that persons will depend upon the report we
may receive for information, and when it comes,
no information will be obtained; or, if any is ob-
tained, it will lie of such a character that, rather
than throw any light on the subject, it will mis-
lead.
Mr. PRATT. Jf I apprehend precisely the
amendment on which we are afiout to vote, it is of
more importance than it is supposed generally to
be by the Senate. It directs the appointment of
an officer to collect any documentary evidence
which may exist in Mexico relating to land claims
in California. Now, if we give authority to an
officer of this Government to make that collection,
it is an important inquiry whether we do not make
what is collected by him, per sr, evidence in all
cases of land claims existing in California. I would
inquire of my friend frora California whether,
where there are conflicting claims under Mexican
grants, or any conflicting claims in which Mexican
grants or Mexican documentary evidence may be
introduced, he is willing, by adopting this amend-
ment, to put it in the po'wer of an officer of this
Government to make a book, which he is to pub-
lish, under this authority, evidence in all such
cases' I think, in that point of view, it is a ques-
tion of deep importance, whether we shall be will-
ing to intrust to any officer appointed by this
Government, the power to select from existing
Mexican documents, such ns shall be evidence in
reference to all land claims in California.
Mr. WELLER. Mr. President, I do not see
that the mere fact of the appointment of an agent
to go to the city of Mexico for the purpose of ob-
taining copies of decrees and laws which may
exisL theie, would of itself necessarily make the
report of the agent legal testimony m the adjudi-
cation of the cases. But, sir, there may be some
objection to it. I do not desire that the evidence
wfiieh is procured in the city of Mexico, shall
be considered as  evidence before the land com-
missioners any further than it purports on its
face to be. I do not believe that there is any vast
amount of information to be acquired by this
agent who may be dispatched to the city of Mex-
ico, but I think it is worth while for this Govern-
ment, if you can get an intelligent and honest offi-
cer, to report that there is nothing therej because
I am sure that there will be a large amount of
law manufactured in Mexico to suit the cases that
may be pending before the commissioners. It is
worth $10,000 to find out that fact alone—that
there is nothing there. Then you will havepre-
cluded these men from subsequently manufac-
turing testimony, and manufacturing law, in the
.city of Mexico, in order to suit the particuljr
cases which they may present before the land
commissioners. For that reason I think it is
highly politic that this officer should be appointed;
that some person should go there and ascertain
the fact whether there be any'testimony there
which is calculated to affect the land titles that are
pending before the commissioners.
Mr. BERRIEN. Mr. President, the motion
of the Senator from Texas, as I understand it, is
to strike out the whole amendment.
Mr. RUSK. That portion only relating to the
appointment of an agent to collect Mexican laws *
and evidence in relation to Mexican titles.
Mr. BERRIEN. I mean to say it is to strike
out the whole of that portion of the amendment
which relates to" the collection of Mexican laws
and documents. Mr. President, that portion of
the amendment has two objects, one of which I
should be disposed to support, and tthe other to
oppose. So far as it proposes to collect the Mex-
ican laws which may be applicable to the con-
dition of California, it appears to me to be very
proper that this Government should collect these
laws, and put them into a volume accessible to
all, and in such a form as to be easy of reference.
For that we have a precedent in the case of
Florida. When Florida was acquired, it became
j necessary, in settling the land titles in that Terri-
tory, to obtain easy access to the Spanish laws;
and, under a resolution of the House of Repre-
sentatives, Colonel White, of Florida, was ap-
pointed to make that compilation. It was received
and approved by Congress, and has been in com-
mon use in the courts of the United States, when
questions arise in relation to the land tides in
Florida. So far, then, as this provision relates to
the Mexican laws which may be applicable to
land titles in California, it is, I think, very appro-
priate. And the book which would be published
from such collection would be received as authority
in the courts of the United States.
But the portion of the amendment on which I
am speaking goes further. It provides for the
collection of memorials relating to land claims in
California, and for any documentary evidence that
maybe found upon that subject. In that extent,
I am opposed to the appointment of any such
agent. These are private documents, relating, I
believe, to private interests, and I would not pui
upon any agent of the Government the responsi-
bility of collecting together any documents which
he might think of sufficient importance to be im-
bodied in such a collection, and to exclude others
which he might think not sufficiently important.
Very serious injury might be produced to' the
rights of private lnnividnals, by either the want of
correct judgment, or the want of the correct exer-
cise of that judgment by the agent who should- be
selected for this purpose. I would suggest, there-
fore, to the Senator from Texas, so to modify hia
motion as to strike out the latter portion of the
amendment—that relating to memorials and docu-
ments—leaving the first part, which relates to the •
laws and ordinances of Mexico to be collected by
the agent.
Mr. RUSK. There was so much noise in the
Chamber, that I am satisfied the Senator from
Georgia did not hear me when I was up before.
The compilation of the Spanish laws, of which
he speaks, comes up to about the time that Xhe
revolution took place in Mexico. So far, then, as
the obtainment of the Spanish law is concerned,
no good can result fiom the appointment of this
agent: So far as I understand him, then, he ob-
jects only to the collection of private memorials
which shall operate ps testimony. So far as the
collection of Mexican laws or titles in California
is concerned, they are already in the State De-
partment. All that is necessary on the subject is,
to appoint some Spanish scholar to collect the
laws, and translate and publish them for the use
of the Supreme Court. They are all in the State
Department; and therefore no good can be accom-
plished by the appointment of this agent; but I
