1480
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Maj 26,
* can. see much injury, much mischief, that might
result from it.
There are large and valuable tracts of land in
controversy in California. So soon as this agent
"is appointed here, an effort will be made, as a mat-
ter of course, by adverse claimants, to throw into
his way matter which might hear on one side or
" the other, Every effort will be made, by agents
for"or against particular claims, to throw into his
such information, and such only as might
answer their purposes. So that when the luvs
and information arrive here, the collection will be
of an unsatisfactory character; and so far from
being of any benefit, may mislead and do serious
injustice to private claimants. Under such cir-
cumstances, there is no necessity for the modifica-
tion of my amendment. It is an important mat-
ter. If the amendment itself be adopted, 1 be-
nia, were questions which were very much trfhoted
here; and I apprehend, from the remarks madeby
the Senator from California, that the evidence in
reference to all these things is to be found at
Mexico.
Now, to advert to the difficulties in which we
shall be placed, I call the attention of the Senate
to the initiative legislation—to the reports of the
commutees upon the subject. You will perceive
at once that when our officers in California begin
to act upon the subject of distinguishing public
lands from private claims, all the individual in-
terests which can be brought to operate upon
them, will exhibit the claims which are claimed to
be individual property. You have private inter-
ests, private motives, to operate upon any one
who has an individual claim, to exhibit that claim
for the purpose of having it approved and sanc-
kW. ' * UUIVilUlllVIIV ""V.l 'J: .. I'll it CI J-/ j C tl U <U
lieve that serious consequences to individuals will i, tinned by the surveyors, and receivers, and regis
grow out of it, and I ask the yeas and nays upon
it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Mr.I>resident,the Com-
mittee on Public L.mds have reported a bill pu>~
viding for surveying the lands«in California; and
in that bill provision has been made for surveying
the piivate claims—trying to distinguish them
j ters, and those who may be designated to act upon
!■ the claims—to'allow or to reject them. Who is
to represent the Governments all this ? That is
the question that I want to bring to the considera-
tion of the Senate. You will have individual in-
terests, as I have already remarked, stimulating
every individual claimant to bring forward all the
documents in support of his claim. Now, sir,
from the land which the Government owns. Other \, who is to represent the Government in the large
provisions are contemplated, by which the lands
owned by individuals shall be discriminated and
distinguished from the lands which are vacant and
unappropriated. Every gentleman will, therefore,
perceive at once that it becomes a matter of con-
siderable consequence to ascertain what claims in
California really belong to private individuals, and
interests which will be involved in California ? It
j therefore seems to me that if there beany evidence
i to be found at the seat of Government of Mexico
1 which will throw light upon this subject, it is well
1 worth while to make an effort to obtain it. If we
' can get none, of course no harm can be done—no
' injury will be done to anybody; but von may pos-
' ol!\Ixr OlMfl rtll fO urh5/-'il mill ail.ll.tfln 5 r.
what claims do not; what claims are good, and sihly obtain evidence which will enablen commis-
' ' 1 j pinner sent out there to place information m the
hands of the officers of the Government that will
subserve valuable interests in behalf of the Gov-
, ernmont, It is with that view that I think it will
!■ not be amiss to look into private memorials of
; chums which may be found in Mexico. It may
I1 be suggested that it may not constitute evidence,
!j If it should not—if it requires additional pioof to
j' make it, evidence upon the Ground that foreign
j, laws are facts to be proved in judicial proceedings
i, like any other facts—still you obtain a knowledge
I; that certain facts can be ascertained, and you
j; know where you can look for evidence to suh-
ji stantiatc those facts. There will be something
j gained in thjit point of view. I think there is a
i; good deal in the idea suggested by the Senator
', from California, that if vou get nothing more than
!, to find that there are no facts, if may have a tend-
,, eiicy to preclude the fabrication of tacts upon
jj which feeble claims may be predicated hereafter.
|| It therefore seems to me, that connecting together
all these suggestions, this expenditure of $>10,000
ii may result in something- vnhiable; and, if it does
j: not, \ery little harm will be done.
Ji Mr. HUNTER. Tins nmendmnnt was rcport-
[l ed from the C« mniitt. e on finance upon the? rec-
■ ommendation of Judge Calron of the Supremo
: Court, and Air. Attorney General Crittenden. I
ask that the letters of Judge Catron and the Aci-
wliat claims are had.
Mr. RUSK. Will the senator allow iuc to ex-
plain to him, that that information cannot be ob-
tained at Mexico at all. The manner in which
the titles in Mexican countries are issued, is, that
the party goes forwuid and petitions the authority
of the place where lie wishes the land. They ukr
and send a copy of that petition to theGo\nn-
ment. If u is granted, it is returned, sanctioned
by the Government, and becomes a parr of the
archives of the place where the individual peti-
tions, and remains there as a part of his title.
The title i« afterwards made out. lie obtains it,
containing a copy of the first petition, a copy of
the order of the Ayuntamiento upon it, a copy of
the order of the Government, and a copy of the
law. IJo obtains a copy; but the oiiginal is filed
in the oilicc whne the land is granted; and ail of
that informefon is m California. None of u is
to be found in M^vico mall.
Mr, "WELTjER. My friend from Texas is la-
boring under a m/r-MpprehcnMon. California vvns
one of the Mrxi.-'m departments, and these grants
werA made do ec.ily by the (.'ovemoj- of the De-
partment <>f Cah'uf'na, with the coucuircn<v of
the Departmental Assembly. Jn older to make
each a grant valid, it was only mrts-.iry that the
petitioner shruld file an application with the Gov-
ernor; and tin'Governorcou4d thcreupoiusMie the
grant; but it was ncessary
Departmental r mg Secretary of the Interior may be read
Assembly should confirm that grant, in ordei- to
give a pntiy a good title. Now, with that the!
Supreme Government had nothing to do at all, !
and yet theie were grunts made by the Supieme ;
Government of Mexico in the department of (VJ- !
iforma. The evidence of these grants is 1m he
found, of course, at tlm sea* of the Sap-eme «('<>v-
«rmnent at t'je city of Mckico, so that if is unhke 1
tee grams of whi -a the Senator from T-'.xas hns >
f-poken. There are mar,y grants in C.ibfonna—
mo.-jt extensive ones, which are he'd due -11y irmn .
the Governor of the department with the en.< nr- '
retictj of the Departmental Assembly. Thti • are '
mineral lands ir> tha* S;,ue~— onicksdver lands for ;
instance—and they are grants that are derived dt- i
iectly from the Supreme Government, and the '
■nlv evidence of the. existence of these grants is to
],.• found m .he city of Mexico. i
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I luue no doubt that j
tne Senator tpnu Texas is much more famdiw '
with tins subject rhan i am, because his lesnbuce i
ami his connection with
me.V have mat!
ters. But I i ecJleci T'Lri'.i'.iTy well. that about rlip - . . . „ .   ....-m.
u auuu! T{)e Hon of them. Ato the amount of expense, it is a inerp
time we were ratirymg uie ^vfeKican treaty, the trifle compared witli the enormous amount ui dj^inte
rants to missions, and the grants made by the ! I have the Jionor to be our obedient tvrvnnt '
They were read, as follows:
Washington, Jljnd 7. 3^5^.
Fni: On yfstcrdaj I was shown u document Muncd hy
the two Senators and one of the Rep!c<ent<ihves fmm thf 
Sta'vi of ('ahfornia, a>km^\our opinion as to what amount
of nioncj would be nectary to send an ajjetit to Mpmco,
tor the purpose of collocrini; tlic lawn applicable to laud
claims now ni course o! mvesti^ntion by the fioaol of Com-
ini^.-ionor-- in Cahlmma. and liKelv to he presented (^ta
pan) to the v^nnremc Court of the tTniicd Static.
I a['re-" with Atros ncy Genernl C!imenden,i? statement,
indorsed on the paoor referred to, ttiat the compilation of
the Jaws proposed is not only neco^arv, hut nirtispentahle,
in my opinion, to a proper under-tandm? of tlv law-, ac-
coidmc to which the clatm^ originated. The eleventh sec-
tion of the act of March 3d, 1851, impo-es tiie duty, in
term;-, mi the district and ntpieme courts to adjudge the
claims aceordniw to the <c law?, nvajje^, and ciMoin* *' of
the Government from which ea^h respective claim i^de-
nved. TJii> dntv Concre^ demands, and it mu^t he per-
foimed. Hut it i4- impo^iblc to do i-o miles- the laws are
known to the judges, aceordmir towlm-h thev are (om-
manderl to decide. These law-* were forcyn to oui coun-
tiv previous to the treat) of Guadalupe II ldahro Pi nee that
treaty, they are a<; much mumeinnl tans n=; Uio«e of Lom
sinna; and the courN ofjastice aie equally honnd to admin
ection wnh the Mexican Go\r rn- Jiter them, without ptoot of their existence and import. I
.de inoi familial with nil these m \t- h,,r~ tho «o« tt# will, ur the soonot d.iv, be fin-
f'trfe'.iTy well, th:i! ahoui the
riupreme Government at iVexico to persons in
California, who were to settle colonies in Cabfor- 1
. rr TT o MATRON,
to the Hon. a. If. II. Stuart.
Senetar]/ of the Interior.
Department of the Ixterioe., Jlpiil 7, 1S52 
Sir : I have the honor to request that an appropriation
of §10,000 may be made, by the deficiency bill, now pend-
ing before the Senate, to enable the Department to send an
agent to the city ot Mexico, to collect, translate, and com-
pile the vat ions laws ot the Mexican Con«re><e, and the or-
dinances of the Supreme Executive of thafKepubire, having
reference to donations and grants of public lauds, &e. The
Board of Commissioners, appointed under tho act of 3d of
March, lf-51, to ascertain and settle land titles in California,
is now in session at San Fiuncisco, and it wdl probably
, soon become necessary in the dueh.irjfp of their functions,
■ under that act, for the courts of the United State* to rtd-
■ judsre and determine the validity of thoue titles according
. to the laws, u<* %«es, and customs ol tlie Government trom
i which they were derived. ,Prior to the treaty ot Guadalupe
: Hidalgo, these laws acd customs were foreign to the coun-
try, and aie now but little known or understood ; and the
■ necessity, tiie-reiore, ot placing m The hands ot the officers
. of the Government and or the Judiciary, the laws, usages,
, and customs bv which theiractionis to be governed, is alike
1 obvious ami indispensable.
; t am. sir, with nmcli respci. t. your obedient servant,
! J J. CRITTPA'DEN, Acting Secretary,
. lion. E. M. T. Kuwter,
Chairman, Committee on Fi>utiwcy
j . Senate of the United States.
Mr. RUSLv. I (lisUke to he troublesome, but I
see that by the adoption of tins amendment we
i are going to make maUer which I believe will be
I of serious injury to claimants in California. As
: far as the laws, which seem to be principally asked
■ for by the Secretary of tiie Interioi, are concerned,
thev are ail m the rf.ate Department. All that is
nece.ssaiy on that subject is, to procure a Spanish
scholar u  collect, the faws relating to she grants of
I kind, and translate and publish them; and then
you will have all the information. You can then
I make them evidence in your courts, and before
| the commissioners. Then you will have all the
■ information, so far as the laws are concerned. Sut
! the letter. I see, £oe.< to the " usagtV and " cus-
toms,'\tnd contemplates the obtaining of matter
, which is to he used as evidence in relation to
i grants, &e. Now, 1 have some experience m
pthifimatter. After the revolution in Texas took
1 place, and after the battle of San Jacmfo. the for-
i raer Governor and Secretary ol' {State of OoahmU
, and Texas manufactured titles—ante-dated and
manufactured them—to the amount of thousands
! of leagues. Suppose you appoint this commis-
, sioner and send him to .Mexico. It is known that
, he is t;oin^ there. They will allow him <>r not,
| as they choose, (and, by the way, they will be
i very jealous as to allowing' him,) to ransack their
1 archives. They will manufacture to order grants
: and petitions, and all these sorts of orders, and
you will ha\eno guarantee upon earth that they
1 are correct, and thousands and thousands of acres.
. and perhaps the rights of individuals to land to
the value of thousands of dollars will be jeopard-
ized by this ex parte testimony, taken when they
are not there. 1 know there are difficulties about
it. If an individual claims a i^rant of land in Cali-
! forma, there may be some difficulty in obtaining:
evidence of it in the archives of Mexico; if there
< is an adverse claim there wil) be £>'roaf difficulty
abon' ir. Hut you send this agent, who knows
nothing of this mnttei.and he collects what per-
haps is manufactured upon the occasion m Mex-
! icot and that is taken to determine the rights of
i the individuals m relation to their claims. And,
tthen you ce; them, are thev evidencer Kot at
! all. The law requires the bet evidence of which
; the nature of the case will ad nib; and this matter;
■ taken ex parte, in this way, without either party
I having a ri^ht to examine into and determine its
j validity, will become no evidence nt *5'J s unh'^s you
1 pass an aer of Congress to make it so. Under
such circumstances, I see mischief in it; no £,ood
! can result from it, and therefore I oppose it.
Mr. BADGER. 1 am really unaware c-f the
; difficulty which my friend from Texas sees in this
, matter. 1 think his reasoning is remarkably in-
; consecutive. He says tint these people will forge
I papers by thousands. Now, the sooner we stop
, the door upon that practice, the better. If wc
send out an agent, the .Senator says that these pec-
' pie will manufacture false claims. "Well, they will
i have until the agent roes there, and the returns
' are made to manufacture false claims. Now, if
i we appoint no agent, does my friend supposethere
will not he the same room to manufacture false
j claims from this time forward? What good is
; done by it r As the honorable Senator from Cal-
. ifornia says, it will be worth $10,000 to have an
i agent to go there, and repoit that no memorials
. or claims respecting iands in California can be
' found in the public archives there. This fact, so
