1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
560
and benevolent institutions—for a university and
primary schools—for the insane, deat" and dumb,
and blind; that the mineral lands should he left as
the common property of the American people; [
that aid be given to the most practicable scherae :
of steam communication between the ports of the '
v,'est coast of the United States and those of Chi- !
na; that tog-bells and light-houses be established; !
the construction of the Great Pacific and Atlantic I
Railroad; telegraphic communication; the estab- ;
Jishmemof a weekly mail between the chief cities !
of the Atlantic and the Pacific; a modification of!
the postage on letters and papers; the establish- :
merit of a branch Mint at San Francisco; the le- |
payment of the duties on foreign imports col-
lected in California, from the treaty with Mexico '
of May TiO, 1848, to the extension of the revenue •
laws o\rer California, October 18, 1840: the settle-
ment of the military claims in California; the col- I
onization of the Indians, &o., &c.; which was
referred to the Committee on Printing. :
reports from standing committees. ,
Mr.GEYER, from the Committee on Pensions, 1
to which was referred the bill for the relief of
Robert Milhgan, reported it without amendment.
J-lr. FELCH, from the Committee on Public ■
Lands, to which was referred the bill to authorize ;
the Side of resetted lands and for other purooses,
reported it without amendment.
Mr. DOWNS, from the Committee on Private ;
Land ClmnH, to which was referred ttie memorial .
of Edward Hott, submitted a report, accompanied
by a bill to release from resei vation and to return
to the mass of public lands certain lands in the
State of Alabama; which was read and passed to
the second reading. The report was ordered to
be printed.
Mr, BORLAND, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to which was referred the petition of
Mark Bean and Richard H. Bear, of Arkansas,
fmhmiited a report, accompanied by a bill for their
relief, which vaa read and parsed to the second
reading. The report was ordered to be printed.
ASSIGNABILITY OF LAND WARRANTS.
Mr. UNDERWOOD, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to which was referred the bill en- ,
titled u An art to make land warrants assignable,
and forotber purposes,"as amended by the Honxe 1
of Representatives, reported it back, with a recom- ;
mendation that the Senate do not agree to the said J
amendment. 1
Mr. UNDERWOOD subsequently ro-e and 1
said: I ask the Senate to take up the bill in regard
!<•  the assignability of land warrant, and disuse
of the amendments wbh which it has come from |
tiie House ofRepresentatives. if the Senate shall 1
insist on the amendments which were made before i
the bill was returned to the House, it may possi-
bly lead to a committee of conference, and the ;
sooner that takes place the better. I therefore hope :
the bill rnov be taken up and disposed of.
Mr. PIIATT. I would prefer that that bill
should lie over until to-morrow. I have received
a petition upon the subject, and I wish to exam- :j
me the amendments and see whether the prayer of ■ 
the petitioners can be granted. j
Mr. BADGEII. 1 would hkc to understand ;
from some gentleman familiar with the subject, ;
whether or not the effect of the amendment pro- :l
posed by the Hou^e of Representatn es is or is not !
to strike out from the bill everything except the \
provision which makes land warrants assignable? !•
The PRESIDENT. It is. i
Mr. BADGER. Then I hope my friend from
Maryland will not object to the consideration of
the h'dl at this time. I can see no necessity for
delay.
Mr. PRATT. If the Senate dissent from the
Htnendments of the House, the effect of it would
be to place the bill in such a position that it could
not her amended here. My object is, if it be m
order, to introduce ftuch an amendment as would
meet the prayer of the petitioners to whom i have
referred.
Mr. BADGER. That cannot be done.
Mr. PRATT. If it cannot be done, I shall have
no objection.
The PRESIDENT, if there is any objection,
"the bill cannot be taken up.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I hope the gentleman
will allow the bill to be taken up.
Mr. PRATT. Let it lie over.
The bill was accordingly passed over.
kentucky deaf and dumb asylum.
Mr. UNDERWOOD, from the Committee on
Public L-mds, to which was referred the bill to
extend the time for selling the lands granted to the ,
Kentucky Asylum for teaching the deaf and dumb, i
reported it back without amendment \
As the time specified in the bill making the grant j
will soon expire, he requested the Senate to act
upon it at thi« time.
There being no objection, the hill was consid- |
eved as in Committee of the Whole. It proposes ;
to allow five years in addition to the five years j
heretofore allowed, for the sale of the lands which !
have been panted. !
Mr. pXDEllWOOP. F would state,that a id- |
ter which 1 have received from the President of -
the institution, informs me that the time granted 1
for the sale of these lands will expire m May '
next; and a tuvlher extension of time is asked. '
Most of the lands have been sold, and there are
only a few tracts remaining. ;
The hill was reported to the Senate, and was ,
ordered to be engrossed and read a third time.
.voxrefi or a sill.
Mr. G £A ER gave notice that h** should ask
leave to introduce rt bill to provide for holding an :
additional term of the circuit court of the United '
S'.-ues for the district of Missouri. I
BILLS IATHODUCED- !
-Mr. WADE, bv unanunousconsent, asked and J
obtained !c:r.0 to introduce a. bill to authorize the- ,
Secretary of the Trp-rjurv to convey the ri^ht of
, way to the Cleveland and Pittsburg, and Cieve-
[ land, Pan.yville, and Ashtabula Railroad Cointia-
1 nies, through certain binds therein mentioned;
I which was read a first and second time by its title,
| and referred to the Committee on Public Lands. ,
; Mr. FISH, by unanimous consent, asked and :
! obtained leave to introduce a bill amending an act •
I approved thc32d of February, 1847, entitled f'An ,
: *\ct to regulate the carriage of passengers in mer-
c&^to; vessels,and for other purposes;" which was
rtlru a first and second time by its title, and re-j
fened to the Committee on Commerce. i
apportionment ov representatives.
A message was received from 'he President of)
the United States by Air. M. P. Fillmore, his Seore- j
tary, transmitting a report from the Secretary of I
the Interior respecting the delay and difficulty in
making the apportionment among the several i
States of the representatives m the 33d Congress, j
as required by the act of 2oJ May, 1850, m con- i
sequence of (be want of full returns of the popula- !
lion of the Stato of California; *md suggesting the 1
necessity for lemedtal legislation. :
Mr. SEWARD. I move that the communica- :
tion lie referred to the Commit'ee on the Judiciary, j
and be printed for the use of the Senate.
The motion v/as agreed to. I
Mr. CUTLER rose subsequently arid inquired j
to what committee was that referred ? 'j
The PRESIDENT. To the Committee on the \\
Judiciary. u
Mr. BUTLER. I do nut know whether that • ;
communication should properly be referred to that j
committee. As it relates to the appoitiomnent, '!
perhaps it should go to a special committee. '!
Thete was a sp'^'ial committee on. the census at 1
the lest Con^re^;, but 1 snppuf-e th-u committee ''
was dissolved when -texhausted i's fmi-nions, -j
Mr. GWIN. I think the Senator from South
Carolina is right in desiring *his communication;:
to be referred to a select '•ommifec. If I under- i
stand this report, it will show an extiaordmary
state of atfairs; that the census of one of the States ;j
of this Confederacy has not been taken at aU, and
that she '"s likely to be deprived of a member of
Congress m consequence of thi-L neglect. I think
a select committee ought to be appointed to mrjuire !;
why the census of the State of California h*s not
, been taken. 1 am opposed to this communication \\
; to the Judiciary Committee, because I do ■;
; not think it js a judicial question. I move to re- !
consider the vote referring it to that committee, and , j
1 to refer it to a select committee. _ ;
; Mr. SEWARD. T am not tenacious about it ■
'at all; but as the communication contemplate.-; an :
j amendment to the general law upon a very import- i
j ant subject, I think it ought to receive theatten- ]
! tion of the Judiciary Committee. But if the Sen- t\
: ator from California feels, on behalf of his State, ,[
1 a special interest in the matter. I have no objection .i
to concur with his motion. It strikes me, after all,
however, that a question of such magnitude is
properly referable to the Judiciary Committee.
The motion to reconsider was not agreed to.
reserved land in iowa.
On the motion of Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, the
Senate proceeded to consider, as in Committee of
the Whole, the bill to grant to the city of Burling-
ton, in iowa, the land heretofore reserved between
that city and the Mississippi river.
It proposes to grant to the city of Burlington, in
Iowa, the land bordering on the Mississippi in
front of that city, reserved under the act of July
2, 1S36, for a public highway, and other public
use**, together wi*h the accretions which may have
been formed in the front thereof, to be disposed of
in such manner as the corporate authorities of that
city iv.ey dircct. The second section provides that
on a duly authorized application a patent shall be
issued for the land. The Committee on Public
Lands propose to amend the bill by striking out
the second section, and inserting in lieu thereof the
following:
That the p .tnt made by this act operate as a reh'n
qin>}niient only of the right of the United States m and to
said premises, and ^hall in no manner affect the richts of
third peifon* inerein, or to the a>e thereof, but ^hail be sub-
ject to the snm -: .uidon application by n duly authorized
agt'iii of iho corporate authorities of said city to the Oom-
mtsi-ioi.er of the General Jband Office, a patent of relinquish-
ment, aco'-njiuji to the provisioji= of Una aetjMiall be issued
tho^j'or, as Hi other onset*.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAWSON. I >vou!d request the Senator
from Iowa to explain the object of that bill and
the quantity of kind it pioposes on our part to re-
linquish.
Mr. OOUCxE, of Iowa. I will state that there
is not, a single alternate section, or two dollars and
ii half clause conneued with this bill. It simply
provides that the accretions which ha\e foimed in
front of the city of Burlington, because of a very
large bend in the river at that place, shall be grant-
ed to the city. The lands reserved in front of the
city, which are spoken of in the bill, were those
laitl olT and reserved for public uses when the town
was laid out in 1836. There is a very large bend
in the Mississippi river opposite the city. There
is a pdbiic improvement going on there, and the
citv, by certain works which it wdi prosecute,
will run the landing very much beyond where it
now is, by grading and' evelinq- the hills back and
throwing the dirt in front. The city is to take
cose of the land, and the bill simply grants the
lands which it may thus reclaim on the bend of
theuver.
The bill was reported to the Senaie without
amendment.
Mr. DAWSON. The Senator failed to answer
one question winch I propounded—the quantity
of land which will be granted under this Bill?
Mr. DODGE. I am unable to answer the
question. ) would state that the bend is perhaps
half a mile long. It is, however, immaterkil to
this Government, for the Government laid oif six
hundred and forty acres, and gave the whole of it
for public uses, such u«t making wharves, &c.
The objects of the Government arc in no way con-
cerned *i y the biLI. I do not know how far the
lamlin^ may be extended out by tiie improvement,
nor how much land will be granted by this bill.
1 understand, from a constituent and friend, who
lives ih'^re and knows ail uVut it, that it is to be
extended eighty feet. ^
The biil was'ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading.
CHARLES A. GRIGNON'.
The engrossed hill for the relief of Charles A.
Grignon. was read a third time pml passed.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Repre^entrUvek
v/as received by Mr. Forvtey, its Clerk, announ-
cing that it had directed a message to be sevjt to the
Senate, revesting that a copy be famished it of
the resolution of theSenate to establish certain post
routes, the s«aid resolution having been lost or mis-
laid since its reference to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads of the House.
RAILROADS IN IOWA.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, moved thst the Senate
proceed to the con^ideuuion of the hill granting
the ri<rht of way y.nd making a grmit of land to^
the Slate of Iowa, in aid of the construction of
certain railroads in said State-
