1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2340
"Sec. 36. Jlnd be it further enacted, That every master
or co mmaiuler of any suck steamer, shall keep onboard of such
steamer, at leabt two copies of this act to be furnished to hurt
by the Secretory of the Treasury; and if the master or com-
mander neglects or refuses so to do, or shall unreasonably re-
fuse to exhibit a copy of the samu to any -passenger who• shall
ash it, he shall forfeit twenty dollars.
(i Sec. [41] $8. And be it further enacted, That all en-
gineers and pilots of any such vessel shall, before entering
upon their duties, make solemn oath before one of the in-
spector herein provided for, to be recorded wtth the certifi
cate ; that he will faithfully and. honestly, according to his
best skill and judgment, peiforra all the duties required of
him by this act, without concealment ov reservation; and
if any such engineer, pilot, or any witness summoned under
this act as a witness, shall, when under examination on
oath, knowingly and intentionally falsify the truth, such
person shall be deemed guilty of perjury, and, if convicted,
be punished accordingly.
" Sec. [4.f>] 42. J2nd be it further enacted, That this act
shall not apply to public vessels of the United States, or
vessels of other countries, nor to steamers used as ferry-
boats, tug boats, or towin^-boats, nor to steamers not exceeding
one hundred and fifty tons burden, and used in whole or-part
for navigating canals. The inspection and certificate re-
quired by this act> shall in all cases of ocean steamers con-
structed under contract with the United States, for the purpose,
if desired, of being converted into war-steamers, be made by a
chief engineer of the N'avy to be detailed for that service by the
Secretary of the Najy, and. he shall report both to said Secre-
tary and the supervising inspector of the district, when he shall
make every inspection.''
The last amendment of the Committee on Com-
merce was read. It proposes to strike out the fol-
lowing, viz:
"Sec. 46. Jindbe it further enacted, That all parts of this
act shall be m force on the first day of November next, ex-
cept the requirements to have pumps and hose to extin-
guish fires, and lite-boats, which shall take effect on the
first day of January next;"
and insert in lieu thereof the following:
(i Sec. 43. JlnA be it further enacted, That all such parts
of this act as authorizes the appointment and qualification
of inspectors, and the licensing of engineers and pilots,
upon the passage thereof, and that all other parts of this act
shall go into effect at the times and places as follows: in
the districts of New Orleans, St. Louis, Louisville, Cin-
cinnati, Wheeling, Pittsburg, Nashville, Mobile, and Gal-
veston, on the first day of January next, and in all other
districts on the first day of March next."
The question was put, and the amendment was
agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The question now is upon
the amendments that have been read by the Clerk.
The question was taken, and the amendments
were agreed to.
Mr. WALSH. I would ask the unanimous
consent of the House to offer an amendmentas an
additional section to the bill.
Objection was made.
The SPEAKER. The following is proposed
by the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Bowne,]
as a substitute for the bill:
Strike out all after the enacting clause, and insert-
Sec. 1. That whenever, by the total or partial destruc-
tion hv fire, or by the explosion of steam of any vessel pro-
pelled in whole or in part by steam, or by collision, or any
other cause, human life or lives are lost, for each life so
lo-it, the owner or owners of such vessel shall be liable to
pay the sum of $1,000, which shall be sued for and col
Jected in the name of the United States by the district at-
torney of the district in which such destruction of life shall
occur,or from which district (the case of a river strainer
oi vessel, propelled in whole or in part by steam, and run-
ning on a river or rivers, or parts of either, whenever the
State nearest adjoining the place where such loss of life
shall occur, shall fail to prove jurisdiction over such place ;
and'also, in the case of a sea or lake-going vessel, pro-
pelled m whole or in part by steam,) the said vessel shall
have stalled on the trip during which such loss of life shall
occur, and when collected shall be paid into the treasury
of the State in whose waters such destruction of life shall
take place; or, in ev^nt of any State failing to prove juris-
diction over such water, shall be paid into the trea&uiy of
the State fiom which said vessel shall have started on
the trip during which such loss of life shall occur—said
moneys to be appiopiiated in such manner and to such uses
and purposes as said State shall direct. And in default of
pavment or collection of the liability herein imposed, said
ownet or owners shall each be liable to imprisonment for a
term not le&s than one year, nor more than ten years, to
be imposed by the court in which judgment shall have been
rendered, upon the return of an execution or executions
against said owner or owners unsatisfied in whole or in
^ Sec 2 Whenever human life or lives are lost in the
manner described, or from the causes staled in the above
section, the captain, pilot, and engineer of the vessel, by
the partial or total destruction of which such life or lives
are lo^t «hall each be liable to a fine of .$1,000, which fine
shall be sued for, collected, and appropriated in the same
manner as is provided m scction one, for the collection and
disposition of the liabilities therein imposed ; and m de-
fault of payment of said fine, said captain, pilot, and engi-
neer shall'each-be liable to imprisonment for a term ofnot
le>«. than one year, nor more than ten years, to be imposed
as provided in section one. _
Sfc 3 Whenever human life or lives shall be lost m the
manner described, or from the causes stated in section one,
the findin® of a verdict to that effect by a coroner's jury,
legally empaneled, in any one case of life so lost, shall be
good and sufficient evidence to authorize and require the
commencement of suits for the liabilities and fines imposed
by this act.
Sec. 4. Whenever human life or lives are Jost by the
breaking of any ferry-dock, or any part of such dock, the
owner or owncis of such dock shall be haftle to a fine of
$1,000 for each life so lost--said fine shall be sued for, col-
lected, and appropriated in the same manner as is provided
in section one for the collection of the liability therein im-
posed, and in default of payment of such fine, the owner or
owners of such ferry-dock shall each be liable to imprison-
ment for the terra and in the manner specified in section
one ofthis act.
Mr. BOWNE. I ask the indulgence of the
House to make a short explanation of that amend-
ment.
Mr. ST. MARTIN. I object.
Mr. BOWNE. I trust objection will not be
made to my explanation, asgentlemen were allowed
on yesterday the same privilege.
The objection was insisted upon.
The question was taken upon the substitute;
and it was rejected.
The amendments were then ordered to be en-
grossed and the bill to be read a third time; and,
having been engrossed, the bill was read the third
time.
The question recurred, Shall the bill pass?
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. I desire at
the present juncture to say, in justification of the
Committee on Commerce, which has labored upon
this bill very zealously for months past, that they
do not consider it to be a perfect one.
Mr. EDGERTON. I would inquire of the
Speaker whether this discussion is in order?
The SPEAKER. Under the rules the chair-
man of the committee has an hour to speak upon
the bill.
Mr. SEYMOUR. I will not detain the House
more than five minutes. It is due to the committee
and the country, that something should be said in
reference to the precise condition of the bill which
we are about to pass. I was stating, when inter-
rupted, that the committee, after full and free con-
sultation with gentlemen of great scientific and
practical skill in matters pertaining to steamboat
navigation, both on the eastern and the western
waters, and a thorough investigation of the pro-
visions of the bill, and proposing, as will be per-
ceived, over one hundred and fifty amendments,
after it has gone through the examination and
full discussion it had in the Senate, do not pretend to
say now, that the bill is perfect. They think,
however, that it is improved by the amendments
which they have put upon it, and they confidently
recommend its passage as the commencement of a
more perfect and efficient system than we have at
present, for the preservation of the lives of passen-
gers on steamboats. I will only say further—as
I am informed that the time for the consideration
of the bill this morning has nearly elapsed—that
the strongest argument I can offer for this bill, is
the fact, that whilst, by the various processes of
legislation it has be&n working its way through Con-
gress, seven hun^pi human beings have been sent
into eternity by tile very collisions and accidents
which we guard against, and hope to prevent by
the passage of this bill. I move the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
The call for the previous question was seconded,
(and the main question was ordered to be put.
Mr. BOWNE demanded the yeas and nays
upon the passage of the bill; but they were not
ordered.
Mr. ORR. For the purpose of putting myself
right, as we cannot get the yeas and nays upon
the passage of the bill, I move to lay it upon the
table.
Mr. CABLE, of Ohio. I demand the yeas and
nays upon that motion.
Mr. ORR. If I can get the yeas and nays upon
the passage of the bill, I will withdraw my mo-
tion.
[Cries of "Consent!" "Consent!"]
The SPEAKER. Is it the unanimous consent
of the House that the yeas and nays be ordered
on the passage of the bill ?
There was no objection, and they were ordered.
The question was then put upon the passage of
the bill, and there were—yeas 147, nays 27; as fol-
lows:
YEAS Messrs. Charles Allen, Willis Allen, Allison,
William Appleton, Babcock, Thomas H. Bajly, Barrcre,
Bennett, Bibigbaus, Bissejl, Bowie, John fl. Boyd, Bra??,
Breckinridge, Brenton, Bri2§«, Albert G. Biown, Geoise
H. Brown. Bucll, Busbv. 12. Carrington Cabell, Caldwell,
Lewis D. Campbell, Thompson Campbell, Cartter, Chan-
dler, Chapman, Clark, Conger, Cullom, Curtis, George G,
Davis, John G. Davis, Dawson, Dean, Dimmick, Disney,
Dockcry, Doty, Duncan, Dunham, Eastman, Edmundson,
Evans, Faulkner. Ficklin, Florence, FJoyd, Fowler, Free-
man, Henry M. Fuller, Gamble, Gayiord, Gentry, Gilmore,
Goodenow, Goodrich, Gorman, Green, Grey, Hall, Harper,
Sampson W. Harris, Hart, Haws, Hascali, Hendricks, Hib-
bard, Holiaday, John W. Howe, Thomas M. Howe, inger-
soll, Ives, Jackson, Andrew Johnson, John Johnson, Rob-
ert W. Johnson, DanielT. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Preston
King, Kuhns, Kurtz, Landry, Letcher, Lockfiart, Mann,
Martin, McCorkle, McLanahan, McMullin, McNair, Mil-
ler, MiUson, Miner, Molony, Henry D. Moore, John Moore,
Morehead, Murphy, Murray, Newton, Olds, Outlaw, An-
drew Parker, Samuel W. Parker, Peaslee, Petm, Perkins,
Phelps, Porter, Powell, Price, Reed, Richardson, Riddle,
Robbins, Robie, Savage, Schermerhorn, Scuddcr, David L.
Seymour, Skelton, Stanly, Benjamin Stanton, Frederick P.
Stanton, Abraham P. Stephens, Thaddeus Stevens, Stone,
St. Martin, Stratton, Strother, Stuart, Sweetser, Taylor,
Thompson,Townshend, Venable, Walbndgr, Ward,Wash-
burn, Watkins, Welch, Wells, Addison White, Alex-
ander White, Wilcox, and Wildrick—147.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Ashe, Averett, Bowne, Joseph
Cable, Caskie, Chastain, Cobb, Colcock, Edgerton. Ham-
ilton, Hammond, Isham G. Harris, Thomas Y. How, Ma-
son, McQueen, Meade, Orr, Penmman, Schoonmaker,
Scurry, Smith, Snow, Sutherland, Wallace, Walsh, and
Woodward—27.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the bill was passed,
and to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table;
which latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILDRICK, from the Committee on En*
rolled Bills, reported as correctly enrolled the fol-
lowing bills; which severally received ihe signature
of the Speaker:
S. No. 454. An act for the relief of Joseph Mor-
ton Plummer and Mary Reignolds Plummer;
H. R. No. 258. An act to reduce and define the
boundary of the military reserve at St. Peter's river,
in the Territory of Minnesota; and
S. No. 540. An act to establish an additional
land office in the Territory of Minnesota.
MAJOR JOHN MOORE WHITE.
The SPEAKER. The question now pending
is upon the motion of the gentleman from New
Jersey, [Mr. Stratton,] to suspend the rules for
the purpose of taking up Senate bill for the relief
of John Moore White.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Has the morn-
ing hour expired ?
The SPEAKER. It has.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask the floor for a personal
explanation. The unpleasant difficulty, occurring
on yesterday, in debate in this House, between
Messrs. White, of Kentucky, and Polk, of Ten-
nessee, was referred to Mr. Grey, of Kentucky,
and myself. It is my pleasant duty to state that
the difference between those gentlemen arose and
existed in misapprehension, and that it has been
honorably and satisfactorily adjusted.
Mr. GREY. Mr. Speaker, having been asso-
ciated with my friend from Arkansas [Mr. John-
son] in negotiating an amicable adjustment between
my colleague [Mr. WniTE]and tnegentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Polk,] I take great pleasure in
expressing my concurrence in the statement just
made by that gentleman, that all those unpleasant
differences have been settled in a manner alike
honorable and satisfactory to both those honor-
able gentlemen, and which, I am sure, will meet
the entire approbation of every friend of each of
them.
Mr. DUNCAN. I move that the rules of the
House be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. There is a motion pending,
of a privileged character, which must be put to
the House. It is a motion made by the gentleman
from New Jersey [Mr. Stratton] to suspend the
rules for the purpose of tttking up Senate bill for
the lelief of John Moore White.
Mr. STRATTON. I hope the House will al-
low the rules to he suspended.
Mr. MILLSON. I wish to make a suggestion
to the gentleman. If the gentleman from New
Jersey [Mr. Stratton] will allow this bill to be
referred to a Committee of the Whole House I
will withdraw my objection. The bill was re-
| ferred to me for examination at the last Congress,
and I know something about it; and I think that
the House ought to know something about it be-
fore it is passed.
Mr. STRATTON. I will say that this bill has
