•1482
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 26,
providing for a steam mail ship communication
between New Orleans and Vera Cruz. I could
not have anticipated an objection, such as has
been made by the honorable Senator from New
York, because we have been informed repeatedly
in the course of the debate upon this subject, that
if this increased compensation is not allowed, the
proprietors of these steamships will abandon, and
must necessarily abandon their contract. What
then follows? They cannot ask the Government
to take these steamships off their hands, because
they have broken their contract with the Govern-
ment, under the pressure, it is said, of an urgent-
necessity which they could not control. I do not
dispute the existence of that necessity, but if that
necessity does exist—if they are prepared now
to abandon their contract—if they have thereby
released the Government from its obligation to
take these steamships at their original cost, then
the absence of such a privisionin this amendment
cannot be a legitimate ground of complaint, be-
cause they come to us in the very same predica-
ment in which the amendment would place them.
I do not propose, howeveri to prolong the debate:
but as I conceive the amendment to be one of some
importance, I will ask for the yeas and nays
upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. RUSK. Mr. President, I should regard
the'passage of the amendment of the Senator from
phio as a defeat of the whole measure. Its adop-
tion would render it excessively doubtful whether
I would vote for the proposition myself. The
amendment of the Senator from Ohio provides—
" That tho propi ietors of said hue of steamers shall con-
sent to such a modification of the existm" eontiaet, that
the Postmaster Geneial may advertise for and accept pro-
posals for catryintr the mails in Mutable steamships, of not
less than two thousand tons Imnton, between the (Jnjted
States and Great Britain,fiom and after the said 31st day of
December, 183-1, when said contract shall cease to lie ob-
ligatory."
This takes a way thequality of these ships, which
constitutes one of the main gioundson which 1
have voted for them. According to this propo-
sition, you have no security for the strength of
the ships, and therefore they will be suitable only
• for the purpose of carrying the mails. They
would not be suitable for war purposes, and could
not be used by the Government in cape of emer-
gency. One of the strongest arguments in favor
of this system, which induced me to support it at
all, is, that if we have a sufficient number of these
ships employed m carrying themail,weshallsave
ranch more m other ways, by that means, than
we lay out upon these ships.
They will save us great expense by preventing
the necessity of adding to the Navy proper; be-
cause we must necessarily keep pace with other
countries who are improving their naval forces,
either by adding to the Navy proper, or having
ships under such arrangements that, in case of an
emergency, we can use them for purposes of na-
tional defense. Then if we abandon the war
qualities of these ships, a necessity exists at once,
if we are to keep peace with other countries, to
add to our steam navy proper. That will bring
along with it a great train of expenditures. It
must necessarily add to the number of officers,
and to the number of seamen, who will have but
little if any employment, so long as peace remains,
and I trust that will be a great while; and the bet-
ter we are prepared for war, the less will be its
probable occurrence.
There will be another difficulty in regard to the
amendment to the amendment. It provides also,
" that the Postmaster General, in case said mod-
' ification shall be agreed to, shall advertise for
' such proposals, which shall be submitted to Con-
'gressatthe next session." Now, according to
this, the contract is to terminate in a little over
two years. What is to be the effect of that? It
will, in my judgment, be simply to strengthen and
encourage the rival Canard lme. The Cunarders
will at once see that you will get into another
squabble about making another contract, and they
will be ready then to take the monopoly of car-
rying your mails. What follows,from that? The
right to charge what postage they please—the
right to charge what freight they may choose, and
the right to charge just what they may please for
passengers. The adoption of the amendment of
the Senator from Ohio, therefore, will lead to an
abandonment of this contract. It will be a tem-
porary continuance of it, and a temporary contin-
uance alone. My support of tfce original amend-
ment goes upon the ground that we are tiFcarry
our own mails, and that we are to have the control
of the ships.
I see already—and it is brought about by the
present arrangement—that propositions are being
made in England to the American Minister to
consultin regard to the reduction of ocean postage.
I am just reminded by the honorable Senator from
Louisiana, [Mr. Soule,] that the British charge
now $1 25 for a letter going to Porto Rico, be-
cause every letter going in that way has to go by
their steamers. The whole history of that Gov-
ernment shows that as soon as we abandon the
carrying of the mail between this country and
England, we will throw the monopoly into their
hands; and they will then put on a tariff of post-
ages that will bring in a large revenue to that
Government. Now, I am not willing to give Eng-
land that advantage, and so great an expense as
will follow to the citizens of my own country.
Correspondence is important to commerce. The
prompt dispatch of letters has an important bear-
ing upon the price of the articles you have to sell,
and the price of the articles you have to consume.
The additional compensation which is asked by
the original amendment, will amount to less than
two cents a head upon the people of the United
States. Now, are you going to abandon this line
for the purpose of saving this amount of money,
when you will lose twenty times as much by giv-
ing the monopoly of carrying information between
the raisers of your produce and the purchasers of
it in England, and in Europe, into the hands of a
foreign Government with all the advantages which
will follow to other nations and other disadvant-
ages which must necessarily result to us ?
In my investigations upon this subject, a cir-
cumstance has fallen under my observation, and I
beg leave to mention it to the Senate. I will pre-
mise it by saying that you have invited foreigners
here by your liberal laws in relation to naturaliza-
tion, and by your liberal provision in regard to the
public lands. You have made them citizens. They
have correspondence with their relations whom
they have left behind them. I have ascertained
from two or three individuals, that the laborers,
ant] especially the Irish females who labor hard
for very small wages, save about one half their
earnings, purchase small bills of exchange, trans-
mit them to the country from which they came to
relieve poverty and want in aged parents, who
have not the means of coming to this country.
When you abandon this line, you surrender into
the hands of the British Government the power
to tax at high rates, this correspondence of your
own citizens—these messengers of affection be-
tween the daughter and the mother. I for one am
not willing', under any pretense whatever, to sur-
lender such a power into the hands of a foreign
Government for the purpose of taxing these indi-
viduals, whose conduct in this particular is so
highly creditable to human nature.
Sir, we have money in the Treasury. The
Treasury is overflowing. That money you can-
not keep there. It will be expended. Your rev-
enues are rapidly increasing; every year the money
will be expended either upon useful objects'—and
this I regard as one of the most useful—or it will
he squandered to favorites who may do the most
woik in a presidential election. The money will
go out of the Treasury of the United States in
one of these two ways. Here I say, that by the
expenditure of a small amount you will benefit
commerce-—benefit the planting and purchasing
part of the community—benefit your citizens gen-
erally, and do yourselves the credit of rivaling a
Power which has hitherto claimed the mastery of
the seas, by this line which has already succeeded
in distancing your opponents. Under such cir-
1 cumstances, I shall vote against any proposition
[| whatever, calculated to embarrass the original
t; amendment; and I hope and trust that we shall
take the question on it soon, without much further
!i discussion. I would like to say more, but I be-
j lieve every Senator's mind must be fully made up,
! and I do not think any changes will be made by
!l talking, of which there has been too much already.
Mr. PRATT. I desire to say, in reference to
!; the amendment for the Collins line of steamers,
that I consider myself governed by what I have
ascertained to be the wish and desire of the mer-
cantile interest of the State which I have the honor
in part to represent here, rather than what my
judgment demanded; but having ascertained what
is the wish of the interest in my State which is to
be benefited, or otherwise by it, I desire to carry
out ii-i good faith what is their desire.
Now, sir, I think I can show in a few words
that there is hardly a Senator upon this floor—not
even the Senator from Ohio, I think—who can
vote for the amendment to the amendment, if it is
properly understood. The Senate is aware that
the Government of Great Britain is paying to its
line of steamers a large amount of money. This
amendment proposes that after the end of the year
1854, the Postmaster General shall advertise for
proposals to carry the American mail, not confin-
ing it to American steamers, but leaving the com-
petition open to the British line of steamers. Every
Senator knows that if this were so, the British
Government, paying some $600,000 or ^700,000
to their line of steamers for carrying their mail,
could carry the American mail without additional
cost. The inevitable result, therefore, is, if you
adopt the amendment of the Senator from Ohio, to
throw the carriage of the American mail to the
British line of steamers; for it can underbid the
American steamers which are confined to carrying
the American mail, provided that the British Gov-
ernment continue to pay their line the amount
they now pay. That is beyond adoubt. It. must
be evident to the mind of every one v-ho will look
to it. I therefore, in attempting to carry out
what I believe to be the wish of the great mercan-
tile interest of Maryland, shall vote against this
amendment to the amendment, because I am sure
it will have for its direct tendency and inevitable
result, that the British steamers, anil those alone,
will be employed in carrying the mail between
New York and Liverpool.
Mr. CHASE. Mr. President, it was not my
design to admit in competition for carrying this
mail any other than American steamers, and I
presume, if it was not found out by the Senator
from Maryland, no person would suppose that
any other but an American steamer could enter
into this competition. I will say, further, that no
such idea was ever suggested with reference to the
steamships which are to ply between Vera Cruz
and New Orleans. The provision there was simply
for steamships; and, if the objection applies in this
case, it applies quite as forcibly to that. For the
purpose, however, of obviating the objection, I
will insert, with the consentof the Senate, between
the word " suitable" and the word "steamships,"
the word " American."
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Mangum
in the chair.) That alteration can only be made
by unanimous consent.
Mr. PRATT. I object to it. The yeas and
nays have been ordered upon the amendment of
the Senator from Ohio, and I want to vote upon
that amendment upon which the yeas and naya
have been ordered.
Mr. CHASE. I am not disposed to quarrel
with the decision of the Chair, but I would simply
suggest that a few days since, the President of the
Senate, then occupying the chair, held that under
the rule, an amendment of this sort could be made
by a majority of the Senate, without unanimous
consent. That decision was made upon a sug-
gestion of my friend from North Carolina, who
may recollect it.
Mr. BADGER. That is the case; but I was
about suggesting to my friend from Maryland to
withdraw his objection. It does not advance the
matter at all; because the Senator from Ohio, if
this proposition should be voted down, could im-
mediately offer an amendment with the word ob-
jected to in it.
Mr. PRATT. My only objection is, that the
Senator asserts in the commencement of his speech,
that I was the only one in the Senate who had
discovered this, and therefore intimated that his
amendment does not correctly bear the construc-
tion which I have put upon it. If the Senator be-
i lieves what he has argued to the Senate, then he
is prepared to vote for the amendment as it stands.
I want to see if he is willing to record his vote in
favor of the amendment as it stands. He says it
doesnot bear the construction which I have placed
upon it. Now, I want to see if, upon the yeas
and nays, he will vote for his own amendment.
Mr. BADGER. I admit now that the Senator
from Maryland is right.
Mr. CHASE. I submit always to the correc-
! tion of gentlemen who are distinguished by their
