1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
671
they will report; I merely desired to know whether
they intend to take action on the bill.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I will state further to the
gentleman from Massachusetts, that this bill has
nothing whatever to do with that one.
Mr. FOWLER. I have no objection to the
bffl now before the House; but it occurred to me
that if the whole subject of mileage was to come
before us 011 the bill which has been referred to
the committee, it would be more appropriate to
defer action on this bill until we take up the whole
subject. I have, however, no objection to the
passage of this bill. I think, with the gentleman
from Indiana, that there should be no discrimina-
tion made between members on this floor, but that
the whole subject should be examined. I am fully
persuaded that there should be a thorough system
of reform.
Mr. JOHNSON", of Arkansas. I find that
there has been no difference of opinion expressed
in this House as to the merits of the proposition
now before us. Every gentleman who has spoken
on the subject seems to consider that the provision
which this bill is intended to repeal makes an in-
vidious and unjust distinction, operating against
only one member of this House; and there is a
disposition—judging from the remarks which have
been made—to place that member upon a footing
with the residue of the members, and to give him
the same rights under the same law which governs
the rights of all of us. J cannot see any necessity
for gnmg on with debate upon a proposition that
seems to be so unanimously agreed upon, and I
therefore ask for the previous question.
Mr. TOOMBS. We have had no opportunity
to express our opposition yet.
Mr. CARTTER. I ask the gentleman from
Arkansas to withdraw the demand for the pre-
vious question, to enable meto give an illustration
of the want of unanimity in this body upon this
subject.
Mr. JOHNSON withdrew his motion.
Mr. CARTTER. 1 feel, in common with the
other gentlemen who have addressed the House,
and in common with the sentiments of the report
which has been read, the injustice of making- a
distinction between the Delegate from Oregon and
the other gentlemen upon this floor who are in
possession of the long miles. It is a matter of
great injustice that the Delegate from the remolest
Territory should be held down to a restiiciion
which is overrun by those who live between him
and the Capitol. But is this the remedy' I do
not learn from the report, or from the argument of
those who would sustain it, that £9,500 is not an
adequate mileage from here to Oregon. If is not a
question of justice between the Delegate from Ore-
gon and the Government, but a question of com-
parative merit between him and other gentlemen
who receive more mileage and are located nearer
to the Capitol. I am in favor of reducing it to
equality, but not in this way. The proposition
coming from the Committee on Mileage proposes,
instead of doing what the public have long called
for, and what the sense of this JIou*e has often
expressed a wish to see done—instead of bringing
down this question of mileage to a question of
merit, and reducing the members upon this floor
to an equality of compensation, it proposes to take
the very extreme of injustice, and advance the
salary paid to that Delegate.
Now, I object to that. It is a poor nostrum, it
appears to me, to remove the evident inequality m
the pay of members here. The man who comes
here from California is paid §9,500, or $4,000.
His passage costs him $300. He consumes upon
the way three weeks of time, if you please, more
or less. Perhaps he does not return at all. He
may, or may not, at his pleasure, but it is to be
presumed he will, when he can.
But I would like to know whe*e is the justice of
paying one Representative from a distant portion
of the Republic <<6,000 for performing this three
weeks' trip—a large portion of which might be a
pleasure trip to most of us—while the man resi-
ding within three hundred miles of the Capitol is
receiving nothing ? No, sir; 1 hope that the hill
reported from the Committee on Mileage will be
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and that when it comes out of
that committee it will provide for the equalization
of the remuneration of members upon this floor.
It is time that the distinction—which has been
obliterated by steam and railroad conveyances— j
this distinction between the pay of one member
upon this floor and another, should be ended; and
instead of running into this extremity of enlarging
the pay of the Delegate from Oregon, we had bet-
ter begin at the other end, and go to shortening it.
I will remark that this view of the subject ac-
knowledges the grossest injustice. It says to the
Delegate from Oregon, You shall receive but
$2,500, although many of the members of Congress
who come from a much shorter distance receive
twice that amount. I go for an equality to all.
Cut if you want to extend the mileage of mem-
bers, you must bring the short-enders up, and not
reduce the long-enders down. Let us have an
equality in the matter. That is all I want.
Mr. TOOMBS. It is not with reference to this
special case that I rise to make a suggestion at this
time. The gentleman from Arkansas speaks of
the unanimity which exists in relation to this mat-
ter among the members upon this floor. Now, I
apprehend that unanimity will be found to be not
in accoidance with the position of that gentleman
upon this question of mileage. At every session,'
for the last three or four years, the House have
attempted to reduce and equalize the mileage of
members. We have adopted propositions to that
effect with great unanimity—the opposition scarce-
ly exceeding fifty votes—but they have been de-
feated by the Senate. When the territorial bill for
Oregon was underconsideration before the House,
^2,500 was considered a just maximum. It was
so considered for the reason that all above the
amount necessary to pay expenses becomes sala-
ry. Twenty-five hundred dollars is sufficient to pay
all expenses of traveling, and then leave a salary
above the average of the House. If you want to
pay a salary m this maimer, why pay it to every-
body; it is very easy to get at it. There is no
difficulty in it at all. One of the reasons urged
for this discrimination is, that members from be-
yond the Rocky Mountains cannot go home during
the session, or even in the recess, and thereby lose
their business. This is true to some extent as to
every part of the country; at least results in loss
of business at home. And the inconvenience of
not being able to go home m recess is equally tiue
in reference to some other portions of the country.
I think the member from Texas [Mr. Howard]
found it extremely inconvenient to return—espe-
cially to attend to any matters of business—during
the last short recess of sixty days; and 1 presume
other gentlemen fiom the iemote portions of the
country found it equally inconvenient. Therefoi e
I say that we ought not to establish this pimciple
in the manner which this bill proposes. If we are
to establish it at all, the Committee on Mileage
ought to introduce a l)ill putting all the members
upon the same footing with the gentleman from
Oregon, and not to put the gentleman from Ore-
gon upon a footing with the most favored mem-
bers of this House. Gentlemen say that inasmuch
as some persons are entitled to a very large amount
as mileage, and this case is an exception, that we
will takeoff the exception and pay him a laiger
compensation than is paid to any one here. Why,
that is but increasing the difficulty. It is increas-
ing this inequality. Gentlemen ought to address
themselves rather to removing this injustice by
equalizing the compensation of the members of
this House. The House has shown a disposition
very fully and frankly, and with singular unanim-
ity," for the last four years, to bring about this
equality, and the leason why they ha\e not ac-
complished the object has been on account of diffi-
culties in the other branch of the Capitol. I thmk
every gentleman will concur with me in saying
that it is not just for n portion of the members of
this House to draw ^5,000 per year, independent
of their per diem, and others but $50. It is un-
just, and ought to be remedied. I trust, therefore,
that this bill will not pass; but that if the Com-
mittee on Mileage intend to act, they will act m
such a rnanper as will put the whole question of
mileage upon some equitable principle; then I will
cooperate with them.
Mr. EVANS. Is an amendment in order?
The SPEAKER. It is in order.
Mr. EVANS. I then desire to offer the fol-
lowing amendment:
And that the Committee on Mileage be directed to add to-
gether the milfMffe of all the members of tins IIou-c, ami
to divide the samu by the number of members; :uid that the
Serjeant-at-Arms he directed to pay to each member his
&haie theieof, as so ascertained.
[Laughter.]
I Mr. EVANS. It is very well for gentlemen to
! laugh; but I tell them that the members of this
! House will live to see the day when this proposi-
I tion will be adopted.
j CAMPBELL, of Ohio. Will the gentle-
( man allow me to interrupt him for one moment?
| Mr. EVANS. I have not yet commenced to
speak.
| Mr. CAMPBELL. I merely want to ask the
! gentleman what is the distance which he travels in
| coming here?
I Mr. EVANS. I will tell the gentleman before
' I sit down.
| Mr. Speaker, in offering this amendment, I had
! no reference to the Delegate from Oregon. I
had as lief that worthy und respected gentleman
i should receive the kngest amount of mileage as
; any member of this House; but there has been
| existing in this House for years, the grossest in-
justice and inequality in reference to this matter,
1 which ought to be removed. Now, for example,
! take my colleague, [Mr. Bowie,] from the district
i immediately adjoining this city. He receives no
J mileage at ail; yet I do not hesitate to say, that as
; far as his talents and a good attendance upon the
j duties of this House is concerned, he is not ex-
i ceiled by any member in this House. Yet there
] are gentlemen upon this floor who receive §2,500
! mileage for coming here the first day of Decem-
| ber, 1851, and $9,500 mileage for going back;
making *£5,000 more than is received by my col-
I league for his services. Then they receive ^5,000
| more for the next session, which makes §10,000
| in the year that is received by certain gentlemen
upon this floor, more than is received by my col-
league from the district adjoining this city.
A Member. You mean ^10,000 for a Congress.
Mr. EVANS. No; it is all p:ud in the space
of one revolution of this globe around the sun.
A Member. But it is only ^5,000 a session.
Mr. EVANS. Very well; it is £5,000 pet ses-
sion, and it makes no difference whether it is
$5,000 a year or £1U,000. There is that ine-
' quality existing. At the short session there is the
i same $5,000 additional pay for three months* ser-
j vice. Now, there is nothing in the distances from
j the seat of Government to justify that inequality,
j Thegentleman from Ohio [Air. Campbell] asks
I me how far 1 am from the seat of Government ?
I will tell him: I live about six hours distant fi om
here; but I have to neglect my*l>usiness quite as
much as those who live at the remote parts of the
Union. 1 am, by profession, a lawyer, and 1 lose
! my practice, as any gentleman upon this floor must.
| To be sure, I can go home and try a case, but f
■ lose the opportunity of getting new casts as mm h
| as gentlemen who come from a thousand miles «us-
! tant. Then, I ask, what good reason is theie for
one gentleman receiving $5,000 compensation more-
! than another? It is a gross inequality, which
ought to be put to an end.
! The gentleman from Georgia, sitting before me,
i [Mr. Toombs,] is right in saying that this subject
has before been investigated by the Ho^se of
Representatives, and that this House has taken a
firm stand in relation to it; and but for its defeat
in the Senate, we would, long1 ago, have had the
inequality corrected. The Committee on Mile-
age comes iri here and seeks to perpetuate the
evil—to extend the wrong. 1 protest against it.
I hope the amendment which ! have offered will
be adopted, with o quit claim, upon my part, for
my share of the money.
1 'Mr. RICHARDSON obtained the floor.
! Mr. WEfGHTMAN. i rise to a point of or-
! der. I wish to inquire whether it will be in order
' for any one interested in the proposition of the
! gentleman from Maryland [Mr. I^ans] to vote
I upon its adoption ?
The SPEAKER. That will be a question for
gentlemen and the House to decide.
Mr. SCURRY. I rise to a point of order. I
desire to inquire whether the proposition of the
gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Evans] was to refer
the bill, with instructions ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands the
gentleman from Maryland to move to recommit
the bill with instructions.
Mr. SCURRY. Accotdirig to my understand-
ing, the gentleman had moved to refer the bill,
but not to recommit it with instructions.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is in
order to move to recommit with instructions.
Mr. RICHAUDSOjN. I desire to amend the
