h■
1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1483
-legal knowledge, and uniform courtesy, as is the
Senator from Maryland. I will therefore avail
myself of his suggestion, and move to insert the
•\yord " American" before the word " steamships."
Mr. RUSK. Is not that out of order? Is not
the proposition pending, an amendment to an
amendment?
. The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment cannot now be made. There is already an
amendment to the amendment pending.
Mr. CHASE. I think that I can modify it
without unanimous consent, if the Senator from
Maryland should persist in his objection. And
. now I will go on with the few remarks which I
have to make, in reply to- the honorable Senator
from Texas.
So far as his objection relates to the adaptability
of these steamers to war purposes, I will say that
that was discussed in reference to the Vera Cruz
and New Orleans line; and the Senate then deter-
mined', by a very considerable majority, that this
adaptation was not necessary to a steamer em-
ployed in the transportation of the mails. I rec-
ollect very well that, upon that occasion, it was
argued with much ability and eloquence, that it
was a matter of extreme necessity that that pecu-
liar feature should be retained in the bill, for the
purpose of protecting our commerce against dep-
redations. But the Senate were of a different
opinion. They thought that the business of trans-
porting the mails ought to be disconnected from
our naval service. In that opinion I certainly con-
cur, and I do not now propose to reargue the
grounds of it.
The second objection of the honorable Senator
from Texas is, that this amendment proposes
the abandonment of the contract. It does pro-
pose to abandon the contract, or, rather, to termi-
nate the contract, with the consent of the con-
tractors, after two years. It proposes to do noth-
ing without their consent. If they do consent,
they consent voluntarily, and of their free will, and
in view of the additional compensation to be
granted. Now, suppose they consent; what, then,
follows, according to the argument of the Senator?
Why, that we abandon all ocean postal arrange-
ments. I see no such consequencc. If that were
to follow, I have already said that I would be one
of the very last to propose anything which would
interfere with our communication between the Old
World and the New;anything which would inter-
fere with that communication under American
control; for I believe that that communication
should be maintained; and I believe, also, that it
should be maintained under American direction and
control.
But the Senator fium Texas, it seems to me, a
little overshoots the mark when he appeals to us
to continue this system of contracts, in order that
we may convey cheaply letters from the Irish em-
ployees of the hotels and private families. Sir, I
desire to convey these letters cheaply. I would
convey them, if I could, at far cheaper rates than
they now pay. I would lay no tax, which was
not absolutely necessary, upon the interchanges of
affection. But what does the Senator propose to
do ? He proposes to make affection tributary to
war; he proposes to make benevolence minister to
conflict; he proposes to lay a tax upon this very
communication for the purpose of cheapening the
expense to the Government in regard to its naval
marine. His argument, therefore, makes against
himself. Let this ocean postage communication
be open to contract; do not burden it with a por-
tion of the war expenses of the Government; and,
my word for it, we will have transportation at
cheaper rates than we can possibly have under
the system of contracts, for long periods of time,
with special individuals.
Again; the Senator complains that by terminat-
ing this contract we introduce a system of favorit-
ism. Why, Mr. President, the very object of
this amendment is to get rid of that. What fa-
voritism can be worse than employing particular
individuals for long periods of years, giving them
a greater rate of compensation than is paid for the
same service to the British steamers, and then in-
crease that compensation as largely as the original
amountproposes to increase it? That may be en-
dured, if it is for alimited time. The amendment,
as it now stands, proposed to limit this additional
compensation to two years, or rather not to limit
it to two years, but to retain to Congress the power
of discontinuing it after the term of two years.
What that power? Why ,we know very well that
it is one which cannot and will notbe exercised, if
you'put a pressure outside of the walls of Congress
which will be potent enough with this increased
compensation, and the prospect of its continuance
during a period of seven years to come, to defeat
all efforts to discontinue it. I am, therefore, in
favor of a plain, open course upon this subject.
Terminate the contract at the end of two years,
instead of retaining to Congress the right simply
to discontinuetheincreaseofcompensation. Leave
the contract with the Government open to free
competition, only provided that your transportation
shall be in suitable vessels and of suitable tonnage.
Leave it open to free competition, and not only
shall we not be visited with any of the disastrous
consequences which the Senator predicts, but I
am quite confident that we will promote the cause
of cheap ocean postage, and therefore minister to
those communications for which he has been so
eloquent an advocate. I thank him, Mr. Presi-
dent, for every word which he utters in favor of
persons so circumstanced; and if I believed it was
necessary to abandon this amendment of mine to
achieve that object, I should most certainly do so.
But 1 do not believe it; I believe the object will be
defeated by the very plan which he recommends.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I want the ear of
the Senator from Ohio for a moment; for I should
be exceedingly sorry to find myself in the predic-
ament in which he puts the supporters of the ori-
ginal amendment. I think that I will show him, in
about three minutes—and I do not want to occupy
more time—that it is exactly the reverse of the
case as he puts it. He says that, by supporting
this amendment, we tax civilization and domestic
affection, and make them subsidiary to war, be-
cause, by this payment to these vessels, we get
more expensive ships than we otherwise might
have. Now, sir, just look at it. We must have—
we are bound to have—a steam marine. Accord-
ing to the report of the Secretary of the Navy, a
steam frigate costs §196,000 a year to lie still,
making visits of state about the harbors of the
Mediterranean, entertaining savage princes, and
so forth.' It costs us $196,000 a year to keep a
steam frigate thus employed; while, with the ad-
ditional ship that is to be put upon this line, the
average expense for keeping up each of these ships
will only amount to a little more than 70,000 a
year; and they will be more efficient for the pur-
poses of war—better ships than were ever built
for the Navy. We will then have these ships at
$170,000 a year, each doing this service. You
will make these vessels-of-war subsidiary to the
purposes of civilization, and the interchange of
all those communications, which civilized and re-
fined society must keep up on both sules of the
Atlantic. We make these vessels subsidiary to
that, instead of making them subsidiary to war,
and we do it at a cheaper rate than we could keep
up vessels-of-war doing nothing. There are to be
five of these vessels. The original amendment
proposes to pav them $858,000 a year, which
makes about $170,000 a piece. To keep up a
steam frigate costs $196,000 a year. One of these
vessels carries the mails semi-monthly across the
ocean, and discharges this high demand of civil-
ization, and of affection, and everything which
belongs to an advanced state of society and civil-
ized life; and instead of costing more for doing
that, it actually costs less.
In addition to that, as has already been suggested
by the Senator from North Carolina, theie is a
constant return of postages coming in. Now, I
say that this is making grim-viaaged and iron-vis-
aged war harness himself and work for the use
and ministry of peace. This, sir, is one single
step toward that age that has been so long foretold
in prophecy, when the sword shall do the work of
the pruning-hook, and the instruments of war
shall be turned into the instruments of husbandry.
Adopt this amendment and pass this bill, and then
these great leviathans of the deep will do some-
thing else than minister to national vanity and na-
tional pride. They will become auxiliaries in the
great work of civilizing, christianizing, refining,
and advancing society. It is for this reason that
I go for it. I confess I felt exceedingly mortified
when T heard the sagacious and kind-hearted Sen-
ator from Ohio take such a perverse and perverted
view of this matter as to say that this scheme, so
full of beneficence, so full of the advancement of
the great interests of society, was, on the other
hand, taxing affection to make it minister to war.
Sir, he has looked at it through wrong medium,
unless I totally misunderstand the purposes and
objects we have in view.
Mr. BORLAND. Mr. President, it is rather
late to undertake to make a, speech upon this sub-
ject, but if the Senate are disposed to sit the ques-
tion out, I shall be compelled now^to make the
few remarks which I propose to offer upon 'this
amendment.
Mr. WELLER. If the Senator from Arkansas
will give way, I will move that the Senate do now
adjourn. I understand that the Senator will ne-
cessarily consume some two or three hours at
least in giving his views upon this subject, and the
Senate certainly do not desire to sit that long to-
day. For that reason, I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to; there being, on
a division—ayes 18, noes 19. **
Mr. BORLAND. Mr. President, I would
greatly have preferred, on my own account, and
on that of the Senate, not to have fatigued the
Senate by asking them to listen this afternoon to
what I have to say. Itis now nearly four o'clock;
but to gratify a majority, I will have to render
myself, perhaps, and a very large minority of the
Senate, very uncomfortable for the residue of the
day.
Mr. CASS. I wish the honorable Senator
would give way. It is a matter of comity due -to
a Senator under these circumstances,to adjourn.
Mr. BADGER. I should have no sort of ob-
jection, but I think that the honorable Senator
from Arkansas has already had a reasonable op-
portunity of being heard upon the subject.
Mr. CASS. The Senator from Arkansas does
not desire to be heard to-day, and it is a matter of
comity, under such circumstances, that the Senate
should adjourn. I therefore move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate ad-
journed.
HOUSE OF REPRESETATIVES.
Wednesday, May 26,1852.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the liev. Littleton F. Morgan-.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is a motion to refer to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, Senate bill No. 331, en-
titled " An act to grant to certain settlers on theMe-
nomonee purchase, north of Fox river, in the Slate
of Wisconsin, the right of preemption."
DISABILITY OF JUDGES.
Mr. McLANAHAN. Before proceeding to the
execution of the special order, I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to take up a bill of
much pressing public necessity, and which ought
to be -passed speedily—a bill to provide for the
holding of the district court in the District of Co-
lumbia, in case of the sickness or disability of the
chief justice of the circuit court. If the House
will allow me to make a moment's explanation, I
can satisfy them of the public necessity and utility
for pressing this bill.
[Cries of "Agreed!" " Agreed!"]
Mr. McLANAHAN. Mr. Speaker, the first
Monday in June is the day fixed by law for hold-
ing the district court of the District of Columbia.
The chief justice of the circuit court is the judge
of the district court, and, of cours#, possesses
original admiralty jurisdiction. It is well known
that Chief Justice Crahch has, for a long time
past, from protracted sickness and the infirmities
of old age, been unable to discharge his official
duties. About the first of this month, " A bill to
provide fur the holding of the district court of the
District of Columbia, in cases of the sickness or
other disability of the district judge," passed the
Senate, and it is my object now, for reasons
which I will presently state, to ask the unanimous
consent of the House to take up this bill, and put
it upon its passage.
There is now, and has been for some time past,
a very considerable number of important cases in
this court, delayed on account of the feeble health
of Judge Cranch. Among some of these cases,
there are several of importance in which the Gov-
ernment of the United States is largely interested.
During the war with Mexico, captures were made
