2348
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 25,
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. What bill
is it?
Mr. BISSELL. It is a bill for the relief of Mrs.
Margaret" Hetzel. I simply wish to report it from
the Committee on Military Affairs,.that it may be
referred to a Committee of the "Whole House.
There being no objection, the bill was received
and referred to a Committee of the Whole House.
Mi-. KING, of New York. I move to recon-
sider the vote by which that bill was referred. I
do not wish to press the motion now, but I desire
that it shall be entered.
The question then recurred upon the motion
made by Mr Stuart to suspend the rules to take
up Senate bill No. 28.
Mr. STUART demanded tellers; which were
ordered; and- Messrs. Venabee, and Parker of
Pennsylvania, were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers
reported—ayes 94, noes 49.
Mr. STUART demanded the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
The question' was again taken, and there were—
yeas 123, nays 44; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Charles Allen, Willis Allen, Allison,
William Appleton, Babcock, Bar cere, Bissell, Bowie,
Bowne, John H. Boyd, Breckinridge, Brenton, Briggs,
George H. Brown, Buell, Burrows, Busby, Joseph Cable,
Thompson Campbell, Cartter, Chandler, Cbajiman, Clark,
Conger, Cottman, Collum, Curtis, George T. Davis, Daw-
son, Dean, Dimmiek, Duncan, Edjrerton, Evans, Fitch,
Florence, Fowler, Freeman, Gamble, Gay lord, Gilmore,
Goodennw, Goodrich, Gorman, Green, Hall, Harper, Hart,
Haws, Hascall, Haven, Hebard, Hendricks, Henn, John
W. Howe, Thomas M. Howe, Thomas Y. How, Ingersoll,
Tves, Jackson, Jenkins, J. Johnson, Robert W. Johnson,
Dame! T. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, George G. King, Pres-
ton Kin;:, Kuhns, Kurtz, Landry, Lockhart, Martin, Mc-
Corkle, MeLanahaH, McNair, Miller, Molony, Henry D.
Moore, John Moore, Murray, Newton, Olds, Andrew Par-
ker, Samuel W. Parker, Penniman, Perkins, Phelps, Polk,
Sorter, Price, Reed, Richardson, Robbins, Robie, Sackett,
Schermeriiom, Schoolcraft, Schoonmaker, Scudder, Scur-
ry, David L. Seymour, Skelton, Snow, Stanly, Benjamin
Stanton, Frederick P. Stanton, Abraham P. Stephens,
Stratton, Stuart, Sutherland, Sweetser, Taylor, Thompson,
Thurston, Townshend, Walbridge, Walsh. Ward, Wash-
burn, Watkins, Welch, Wells, Addison White, Wilcox,
and Wildrick—123.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Averett, Thomas 11 • Bayly,
Beale, Bennett, Bragg, Brooks, Caldwell, Chastain',
Cobb, Colcock, John G. Davis, .Dockery, Dunhatn, Ed-
mnndson, Faulkner, Floyd, Grey, Hamilton, Hammond,
tsham G. Harris, Sampson W. Harris, Hibbard, Holladay,
Houston, A. Johnson, Letcher, Mason, McMuilin, Mc-
Qtoeen, Millson, Morehead, Murphy, Orr, Outlkw, Powell,
Ross, Savage, Smith, Tliaddeus Stevens, Venable, Wal-
lace, Alexander White, and Woodward—44.
So the rules were suspended, and the bill was
taken up.
Mr. STUART. lean explain the bill in a very
few moments. 1 ask that it may be read.
The bill was read through by the Clerk.
Mr. STUART. I do not propose to detain the
House five minutes in reference to the bill. The
subject itself is one of such magnitude that it has
Attracted the attention of every member of this
House, and of the whole country. It is a great
work, and one entirely national in its character.
It steers perfectly clear of all constitutional ques-
tions and objections, because the Government of
the United States owns the ground, arid has entire
jurisdiction over the whole tract of country through
which the canal will pass. There is, therefore, no
constitutional question involved. The delegation
from Michigan would have been pleased, if we
could have obtained a money appropriation with
which to construct this canal. That question was,
however, thoroughly tested in the Senate, and
was voted down. I say the delegation from Michi-
gan, not because we are more interested in the
construction of this work than any other portion
Of the country. We are not as much interested
as Ohio, Pennsylvania, New York, or any of the
Western States.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. Will the gentleman
from Michigan allow me for a moment 
Mr. STUART. For a moment.
Mr. STANTON. I merely wish to state, that
I have had in my possession, for the last six
months, a variety of memorials and petitions from
Chambers of Commerce, and from the State Legis-
latures of Pennsylvania, New York, and Ohio, in
favor of the construction of this canal. I have
also a report from the Committee on Roads and
Canals in favor of the bill; all of which I have
been endeavoring to report back to the House for
a long time, but have not had any opportunity of
doing so.
Mr. HOUSTON. I wish to state one fact in
this connection. It is this: I have now in my
possession, I suppose,,as many as forty petitions
from various sources, m favor of the Government
depositing with the States the fourth installment
under the" act of 1837.
Mr. STUART. I cannot yield to the gentleman
from Alabama.
Mr. STANTON. The Committee on Roads
and Canals have long since reported to this House
a bill for accomplishing this very object.
TheSPEAKERL TheChairwill inquire whether
it is the object of the gentleman to present the
papers to which be refers ?
Mr. STANTON. It is not. I merely desire
to state that I' have them in my possession. The
Committee on Roads and Canals reported a bill for
an appropriation of §400,600, for the construction
of this canal. I have no doubt the money ought
to be appropriated.
Mr. STUART. I do not yield longer to the
gentleman from Ohio. I cannot consent to detain
the House at all upon this subject. I should have
finished my remarks in a few minutes. I will
merely say, that Ohio, New York, and Pennsyl-
vania have given a legislative expression in favor
of the construction of this canal.
[A message was here received from the Senate
announcing the passage, by that body, of the river
and harbor bill with sundry amendments.]
Mr. STUART, (continuing.) I should like to
give my views to the House and the country, upon
this subject; but, at this period of the session, lam
not willing to occupy the time of the House for
that purpose. I call for the previous question.
Mr. ORR. I ask the gentleman to withdraw
the demand for the previous question, in order to
allow me to ask him two or three questions.
Mr. STUART. I will hear the gentleman's
questions.
Mr. ORR. I wish to inquire of the gentleman,
in the first place, what is the length of the canal;
and, in the next place, whether therehasbeen any
estimate, that the cost of its construction would be
more than $400,000?
Mr. STUART. The length of this canal is
about three quarters of a mile. The excavation,
as I understand it, is mostly through a rock. The
estimate of the engineers is about $450,000.
Mr. ORR. I should like to ask the gentleman
from Michigan another question. 1 understood
him that the estimate for the construction of this
canal is about $450,000. I think that is the
amount. It was before the Committee on Public
Lands, and that is my recollection. But this bill
proposes to give 750,000 acres of the public land,
which, at $1 25 an acre, would amount to near a
million of dollars. Now, I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Michigan, if he has any further in-
formation going to show that the cost of this canal
is likely to go up from $450,000 to $1,000,000?
and, if not, why this increase is made?
Mr. STUART. I will answer the gentleman
in a word. I do not believe me canal will cost
more than the amount of the estimate. This
question, as I stated, was presented in the Senate
in a form of a grant of money for the construction
of the canal. That proposition, however, after
full discussion, was refused by a very decided
vote, and the Senate agreed to put in the amount
of land which is indicated in the bill; so that in
any contingency the land should bring the money
necessary to insure the construction of the canal.
There is no danger of the land being wasted; for,
in case there is more than enough to construct the
work, it reverts back to the United States. I de-
mand the previous question.
Mr. CONGER. I ask my colleague to with-
draw the demand for the previous question, to
allow me to submit a few remarks.
Mr. STUART. I will withdraw in favor of
my colleague, if he will renew it.
Mr. CONGER. I will renew it. I do not rise
for the purpose of detaining the House with a
speech at this time, upon this subject. I am happy
to perceive this subject is as well understood by
the other members of the House as it is by us
who are more immediately interested. It will be
recollected that at an early part of the session, I,
myself, by leave, introduced a bill for the con-
struction of this same work. That bill provided
for an appropriation of money; and it was re-
ported upon favorably by the Committee on Roads
and Canals, to which it was referred. It went to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and has never been reached. But as there
is a very decided indication in the other branch of
the National Legislature that an appropriation of
money can never be obtained for that, purpose,
perhaps a grant of land would be better than
nothing.
I have devoted some time to the investigation of
this question, and have even taken the pains to
prepare a speech upon the subject, in wliich the
statistics necessary for the full information of the
House were embraced. With the leave of the
House, hereafter I may publish the speech I have
prepared. I will not detain the House further at
present.
Mr. STUART. I now demand the previous
question.
Mr. LETCHER. I move that the bill do lie
upon the table; and upon that motion I demand
the yeas and nays.
Mr. MEADE. Do I understand that the gen-
tleman from Michigan [Mr. Conger] demanded
the previous question ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Michi-
gan [Mr. Stuart] demanded it.
Mr. MEADE. I appeal to the gentleman to
withdraw his demand.
Mr. STUART. I cannot.
Mr. MEADE. Then I hope it will be voted
down. I know nothing about the bill.
The yeas and nays were not ordered upon the
motion to lay upon the table.
The question was then taken, and the House
refused to lay the bill on the table.
Mr. ORR. I ask thegentlemanfrom Michigan
to withdraw the demand for the previous question
in order to allow me to offer an amendment to re-
duce the amount to 500,000.
[Cries of "No!" "No!"]
Mr. STUART. I cannot withdraw the de-
mand.
The previous question was then seconded, and
the main question ordered to be put.
The bill was then ordered to be read a third
time; and, according to order, it was read the third
time.
Mr. MEADE. Is it in order to move to com-
mit the bill to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union ?
The SPEAKER. It is not, the bill having been
ordered to a third reading.
Mr. STUART. I demand the previous ques-
tion upon the passage of the bill.
Mr. MEADE. Is the question upon the pas-
sage of the bill ?
The SPEAKER. That is the question before
the House.
Mr. MEADE. I understand the question to be
upon a third reading of the bill.
The SPEAKER. The bill has already been
read a third time.
Mr. MEADE. Then I submit that the gentle-
man from Michigan [Mr. Stuart] had not the
floor to call the previous question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Michi-
gan was regularly upon the floor.
Mr. MEADE. I rose and was recognized by
the Chair. While I was upon the floor the gen-
tleman from Michigan rose and demanded the
Previous question. 1 submit that the gentleman
ad no rignt to the floor.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that under
the circumstances the gentleman from Michigan
was regularly entitled to the floor, and had the
right to call for the previous question.
Mr. MEADE. Then the question is upon the
passage of tile bill. I now ask the Chair if it is in
order to move to refer the bill to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair stated to the
gentleman from Virginia once, and he now states
again, that no motion is in order now, and has
not been at any time since the bill was ordered to
be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. MEADE. I call for the yeas and nays
upon the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The yeas and nays were then ordered upon the
passage of the bill.
The question was then taken, and decided in the
affirmative—yeas 115, nays 48; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Willis Allen, Allison, Wilham Apple-
ton, Babeock, Barrere, Bennett, Bibighans, Bissell, Bowie,
Bowne, John H. Boyd, Brenton, Briggs, Brooks, Burrows,
