1484
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 26,
Oil the Pacific coast by our public vessels. We ;j
had not, at that time, any regularly-organized- |l
courts to take cognizance of these cases, and the |]
.distance was too great to send the prizes home for J;
adjudication. To meet the necessity of the Case, !j
courts of admiralty were temporarily organized j<
there, under the direction and authority of the p
military and naval commanders on that station, |i
with the assent and approval of the Secretary of !]
the Navy. The captors of prizes, under tne orders jj
of their superiors, appealed to the jurisdiction of '!
the courts thus constituted; and they, in the exer- !
cise of the admiralty powers, with which they con- ■!
ceived thev were invested, in some of the cases, j
condemned the vessels, and decreed fales. The ,j
proverbial energy and zeal of Captain Juhn B. ji
Montgomery in protecting the interests of his j
Government, was exemplified in his capture of I
* the ship Admittance, and her cargo. There ap- !,
pears to have been ample testimony to show that i1
this vessel was a lawful prize. But on an appeal ,
to the Supreme Court of the United States, it was !
ruled in this case, that the informally-organized i!
admiralty court at Monterey, had no authority m j'
the premises. At the same time, it was intimated i
that tile district court-of this District had original
admiralty jurisdiction in such cases, and that the i,
captors might libel the vessel and cargo, and just- , .
ity by showing good cause of capture; if the just- ||
iftcation was made out, and the vessel and cargo 'j
condemned as a prize, it would afford a good de- ji
fense in an action against the officer who made the !j
capture. The owners of the Admittance and her
cargo have instituted a suit against Captain Mont- i,
joinery for damages, and thai action is nowpend-
mg in court. It is therefore evident, that the j
means of making a successful defense on the p;ut ,!
of a public officer of the Government, who was in i
the faithful discharge of his duty at the tune he
seized this ship and her cargo, depend upon the
prompt action of Congress upon the lull to which ,
1 have alluded. I|
Now, sir, one word m regard to the provisions j,
of the bill itself. It proposes no additional ex-
pense to the Government, hut simply confers upon ji
one of the associate justices of the circuit comt, i
the authority to hold a district court, and exercise I]
admiralty jurisdiction. The case is one of such i
pressing public necessity, that it will, 1 trust, com- ;!
mend itself to the good sense of this House, and j'
meet with no opposition or delay. I move to put
the bill upon its passage.
There was no objection.
The Clerk then read the hill through.
[A message was here received from the Senate, ;
by the hands of Apbuuy Hickins, Esq., its Sec- ■ '
retarv, notifying the House of the passage by '
that body of an act to authorize the construction !
of raihoads through the public kinds, in ccit.mi !
casesj I
All act to provide for the issuing of patents, lor
a certain class of confirmed private laud in
Louisiana; and I:
A resolution authorizing the closing ot the ac-
counts of certain oJlicers of the Army: and re- '[
questing the concurrcnce of the House therein.] j
The SPEAKER. The question recurs noon
ordering the bill to be read a third time. ;
Mr. CLEVELAND. I wish so inqunr- of the '
gentleman who reported this bill, whether there is ■
any provision made f  r payment for the services
of the judge thus called upon to act m eu'«j of the 1'
sickness or disability of the chief justice -
Mr. McLANAll AN There is no provision >
made in the bill for additional payment
Mr. CLEVELAND. In no form
Mr. MeL\NAKAN. Yes, sir; in t:o fonn. 1
I will offer the following amendment as a new °cc- '<
tion to the bill, upon which. I call the rn-vious ''
question:
Bsc. 2. t/lnd he it further carctcd, That the aw>e;;uo •'
Mdgc holding: the iWnet court -is yi'ure-;tid, sliail, am! ;
^li>rt'hy empowered, to sit m t!.<> caul oircmt court m any
ea-e <>! appeal ur enor fiom tiw own <i"ciHon in ^tud
fi^irieteciiit. in the same manner .is U*-aid dnfwornt ■!
hud uot been held hy bsm 1 •
Mr. SE1MOUII, of New York. I ask the gen- p
e previous ques-
propound an inquiry to him. ! I
AN. I withdraw it for that !'
purpose.
Mr. SEYMOUR, J<\v>m the reading: of the bill
I understand it to provide that the judge should n
sit in appeals from his own court, f wish to in- !.
tion, that 1 m i
Mr. McL A/
quire of the chairman of the Committee on the
Judiciary whether that is so; and, if it ie, whether
it is not a new-provision of law ?
Mr. McLANAHAN. That is so. It is a new
provision of law; but undef the exigencies of this
case, it is deemed proper that such a provision
should exist. The appeal from the district court
to the circuit court, although it is an appeal from .
one of the judges who sits in the district court,
would only be a matter of form; because, in the
cases now up for trial, in which the Government
is interested, there is no doubt about the fact of '
the abihtv of the Government to show that the ,
vessels, which were captured duringthe Mexican
war, were prizes. The disability of the chief jus-
tice of the circuit court to hold the district court 1
prevents those who were the captors of these ves-
sels from setting up that defense in the suits ,
brought against them, as representatives of the '■
Government, for damages. And it is a meremat-
ter of form, m which the proof will be submitted
to ascertain on a question of prize or not, whether
these vessels so captured belong to the enemy, and
were carrying a cargo for the purpose of supply-
ing the enemy or not. The main object of this 1
bill is for the trial of these causes; and, although ,
the district judge will sit and hear the cause in ad-
miralty, the appeal which may be taken from his
decision will come before him, with Ins other asso-
ciate judges, in the circuit court of the United
States. Chief Justice Crunch may be on the
bench, for aught I know; hut, under th^ exigen- ,
cies of the case, and the circumstances I have just
detailed, I think there can be no hesitation about
the piopiietv of passing: this hill at this time.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. Tbe answer
to my inquiry is entirely satisfactory, a* H shows
that the course proposed to be adopted by thia bill
is not an extraordinary one.
Mr. McLANAHAN. [ call for the previous
question.
The call for the previous question was seconded, |
and the mam question was ordered to he put.
The question was then put upon the amend-
ment, and it was adopted.
The hill was then m derrd to n third leading, and
was read the thud time.
The question now being, Shall the bill pass '—
Mr. McLANAHAN demanded the previous •
question: which was seconded, and the main ques-
tion ordered to be put.
Tbe question was then taken, and the bill was !
passed. 1
FEES OT mSPKICT ATTO P, VK YS.
Mr. H Al' IMS, of Tennessee. DeforetV- House
proceeds to the execution of tlm order of the day,
I would beg leave to say that I am instructed hy .
the Committee on the Judiciary to a-?k the unam- '
mous consent of ibis House to move a i evolution
discharging'he Committee of the Whole on the:
slate of the Union from the further consideration
of f louse hiM So. MfJ. A?y ooiuci foi i ,tvb is the
Committee of the Whohj d;s< ha.vtd fto>:i t lie fur-
ther consideration of this hill is, that if may be
recommitted to the Committee "ni ho Judiciary,
as there are important aheiatio<-,s rh.,t it is des'r- ■'
able should he made m it. ft is a bill ie<;ulatinc: ■;
the fees of district .ittorneys, marshals,&c., in the !
distrirf nud r'<rn;it court? of fho Urutod States.
There Li iu<; no objection it was so ordered.
CHARLES REYNOLDS. ■:
Mr. I1ROWX, Of Mississippi I ntk the
unanimous consent of the Mouse to introduce a
jou)tresolutioi-,of which previous notice has been
given. J will state briefly that it is a. matter in
which no? only the inters-^! but the lienor of the
Government is involved. It is a loirn ^soluii'ui
authorizing the Secretai v of the Treasury to ratify
and confirm an exehdn^o of lauds hetweeu the 1
United States and Charles Reveolds, of the city
of Natchez, of the StateofM's^u^-ppi. Jf I may
he allowed to make one word of exniauution -
Mr. HALL. Does this come eiu of the mom-
inrr hourp
Tiie SPEAKER. It does not.
Mr. BROWN. The facts of th.t: cese I will
state in one word. Tne Government owned a
lot in Natchez, upon which they proposed to
erect a marine hospital. Mr. Reynolds owned
one which was deemed more ehaiUo, and by an
arrangement between Ifim and the Government
officers, there wos an exchange of lots. The
Government hns erected a building worth some «
^60,000 upon the lot which they have obtained
from Mr. Reynolds,.and to which he has given
them a deed; but when he asks a deed for the
Government lot, the Secretary of the Treasury
discovers that he has no power to make the
deed. If it be true that a contract unexecuted
upon one side is not executed ttpon the other,
then Mr. Reynolds is still entitled to his lot, and
the ^60,000 house which the Government has put
upon it. Then I say it is a matter of interest to
tins Government to allow the exchange, which is
all that Mr. Reynolds asks. If they refuse that,
then, in an action of ejectment, he can recover
this lot, with the $60,000 house upon it. I ask,
under these circumstances, that the House will
allow me to introduce that joint resolution. I ask
that the resolution be read.
The joint resolution was then read a first and
second time by its title, and havingheen engrossed
according to order, was read the third tune and
passed.
Mr. BROWN. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was passed, and to lay the
motion to reconsider upon the table.
The question was then taken upon the latter
motion, and it was agreed to.
COLLISION OV VESSELS.
Mr. FLORENCE. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to introduce a bill.
Mr. HAMILTON. I call for the regular order
of business.
Mr. FLORENCE. I merely wish to introduce
and refer it to the Committee on Commerce. 1
hope the gentleman will allow me to do so.
Mr. HAMILTON. Will it b-taken out of the
morning hour5
Mr. FLORENCE. It will not, as I understood
the Speaker when the question was asked on the
othei side.
Mr. HAMILTON What is the na'ure of the
bill t
Mr. FLORENCE. It is a hill to provide the
btfter for guarding against the collision of steamers
and sail-vessels m the night-time. Humanity
prompts the passage of the bill.
There being no objection, the hill wes then in-
troduced and read a first and second time by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Commerce.
RIGHTS OF PRE-EMPTION.
The SPEAKER. The question is upon refer-
ring House bill No. 231, entitled " An act to grant
to certain settlers on the Menomonee purchase,
north of Fox river, m the State of Wisconsin, the
ri^ht of preemption," to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. BALL. If the gentleman from Maryland,
[Mr. Evans,] who u entitled to the floor, will per-
mit me, I will make an explanation in regard to
this lull. I beg leave to make this suggestion to my
friend from Maryland, that the Senate bill pro-
poses merely to preteel the iighis of the settlers of
a small tract of i oumry m theS^ite of Wisconsin.
There is a pressing need for the passage of the
Senate bill, for if it be not passed before the first
day of June next, it will fail to have any effect
whatever upon the settlers whom it is intended to
benefit. The mnendmcnt of the Committee on
Public Lands n- a general bill, and there is no
pressing necessity for its passage. I am, there-
fore, willing that it shall be rejected, and that the
Senate bill bo passed.
Mr. EVANS. Under these circumstances 1
will defer the remarks which I intended to make,
in order that the general busine.-s of the country
may be procee.leu with. ] underhand the gentle-
man from Missour. [Mr. Hall] to agree that the
tmendmfnts which were reported by the Commit
tee on Pubhc Lands snail be rejected.
Air. HALL. 1 am vvtlhftjr that they shall be
rejected.
M-*. EVANS. And that the Senate hill itself
shall be pas&ed r
Mr. HALL. Yes, sn-.
Air. EVANS. 1 desire to say that there are a
number of reports which the gentleman desires to
present here, ar.d my sole object is to do what J
can towards forwarding the public business.
Under those circumstances, I will withhold any
further remarks upon the subject, and I move the
previous question.
Mr. HALL. Will the gentleman waive the
call for the previous question for one moment: I
cannot withdraw the amendfhent. [ would do so
