574
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 16,
portion of them, besought you continually to in-
crease that compensation. The clamor here in this
body, for raising: the comparatively exaggerated
compensations, in the other Departments, is only
equaled by the clamor to reduce our own. Now,
I purit to gentlemen upon this floor, who stand up
here as patriots, as they say, and do doubtless ima-
gine that they are prompted by love for the people
and the country, why is this ? Why is it, tell me,
that the same member to-day claims to have re-
duced his own compensation, and to-morrow rises
here and advocates an increase of compensation to
subordinates in the executive branch? I leave
gentlemen to answer the question, laying their'
hands upon their bosoms, what is the reason of
this ?
The Government of the United States is called
a Democracy, and Democracy is a government
in which the people elect those to make the laws
ivho hold the offices. But here, within this Hull,
are all the officers elected by the people under our
system? Your President appoints the whole Ex-
ecutive branch; ho appoints the whole judicial
branch; he appoints the whole diplomatic corps.
He makes your Army and Navy. And yet what
a spectacle do we present? Placed here by the
Constitution to sustain this branch of the Gov-
ernment, we are but instruments to prostrate it.
Why, even those so-called X^ederalists, such as
Hamilton and Morris, were all agreed, that this
was the supreme branch of the Government, and
that the other branches were merely subordinate.
But what do we see in practice? Why, you find
this body enlisted continually in its own degrada-
tion, and everything is done that can be done
by it to destroy its own dignity and independence.
T*he salaries paid to an Auditor, not to go up
to the first-rate subordinates of the President,
are such as to seduce men from this body—even
from the Senate—from the Chief Magistracy of
a State. A*1 en will abandon the office of Chief
Magistiatc of a Slate to become commercial agents
in some foreign port. Now, can this body pos-
sibly maintain its own dignity and independence
under such a state of things '
I do not wish to go fuither into this subject at this
time, as J do not conceive it to be fully and regu-
larly before the body. I hope the bill will be re-
committed to the committee, with the amendment
of the gentleman %ver the way, [Mr. Allison.]
But what I have to say finally is this, and what 1
shall embrace some moie appropriate occasion to
enlarge upon, that except you give to the mem-
bers of .the legislative branch of the people—the
elected branch of the Government—compensation
that will put officers beyond all temptation which
your President can oiler them in any office, this
branch of the Government will fall into contempt
and diagram1.
Mr.  S ri^PIIKNS, of Georgia. T have not
hoaid any gentleman upon this floor advocating
the docli ine which the gentleman fiom South Car-
olina, [Mr. Woodward,! who has just taken Ins
seat, seems to impute to them. 1 do not consider
that tho«<e who are for equalizing mileage and com-
pensation are for degrading the Legislative De-
partment of the Government.
Mr. WOODWARD. I took occasion to make
remarks with reference to the general habit and
spirit of this Hoitfce as manifested since I have
been a member, stating at the time, that 1 con-
ceived the present proposition, as according with
those objects. I contended that the compensation
of members ought to be made just between one
and the other, and my reason for recommitting the
bill is with that view, to make the compensation
equal as far as possible.
Air. STEPHENS. I understand the principle
of the bill now before us to be the removal of the
limitation now existing upon the present very un-
equal system. If the bill pass, the system will be
more unequal than it now is. The gentleman cer-
tainly advocated the passage of the bill as reported
by the gentleman upon myleft, [Mr. Hendricks.]
Now, I put it to this House, and the country, if it
is just that the present unequal system should be
rendered more so? Is it right that one member
should receive $40 mileage and others shall receive
$5,000' Does it add*to our dignity as members
of a legislative branch of the Government, that this
inequality should exist, much less that it should
be increased r
Mr. WOODWARD. I stated that the general
law limited it 
Mr. STEPHENS. We have been told that
the general law was imperative. I am not informed
upon that subject. It is for me, however, to give
my opinion and vote upon the bill before this
House. Now this bill proposes to repeal that pro-
vision of the existing law by which the mileage
of the Delegate from Oregon is limited to $2,500;
and I think that $2,500 is a sufficient maximum
limitation upon the mileage of all members of
Congress. The gentleman wishes to put the mem-
bers of this House upon an equal footing with
your Judiciary. Well, sir, I shall not oppose
that; but I am opposed to putting some above
others. All, in my opinion, should be put upon
the same footing. Do not put the Delegate from
Oregon, or the Representatives from California,
or the Representatives from Utah, when that
shall become a State, upon a position higher and
more elevated than members from Georgia or
South Carolina, Maryland or Virginia: let us have
equality. Whatever may be necessary to elevate
your legislative department—whatever may be es-
sential to carry out this ©bject, do it, and I will be
with the gentleman. It is because I am for jus-
tice and equality, that I am opposed to this bill.
I see no reason for giving the Delegate from Ore-
gon a salary of $5,000 as mileage, when a member
from Maryland gets but §40. The gentleman
from California [Mr. Marshall] says that upon a
settlement with the Sergeant-at-Arms, after taking
his expenses into consideration, he was mmu&.
But what expenses does he bring into the account?
His legitimate traveling expenses to and from Cal-
ifornia only? By no means. But his expenses in
traveling in that rugged country in his canvass, and
allihe expenses incidentto an electioneering of cam-
paign, including mule feed and even his own grog-
bill at twenty-five cents a drink. Now, I ask this
House if it is our duty, and if wc should recognize
this principle, that the expenses of electioneering
campaigns incurred by the members of the House
are to be paid out of the public Treasury as mileage
to members? Is it by sanctioning any such prin-
ciple that we are to elevate the dignity of this
House ? My opinion is, that these considerations
should not enter into our views at all, and should
not control our action here. And while we should
see that the nay or compensation of all is enough to
sustain the Legislature as an independent coordi-
nate branch of the Government, we should not for
any consideration allow an unequal and exorbitant
amount to be paid to any particular member or
class of members. The effect of this bill is to give
an exorbitant amount, compared with the compen-
sation of other members, to the Delegate from
Oregon. We should have some general and just
system. If $5,000 besides per diem is just for tiie
Delegate from Oregon, it is equally just for all the
rest. I am for an equal and just system of com-
pensation. This bill has no such object. So far
from it, its object is to increase the present in-
equality, by removing the restrictions put upon
the amount to be paid to the Delegate from Ore-
gon. Jt this be done, it will be opening the doors
for greater inequalities than those now existing
and on account of which there has been so much
and just complaint for years, in the mileage, both
of members and Senators. I move to lay the bill
upon the table, and upon that question 1 ask the
yeas and nays.
Mr. MARSHALL, of California. I wish to
say a word only in 
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I will with-
draw my motion for the gentleman from Califor-
nia to make a personal explanation.
Mr. MARSHALL. I did not suppose that
my remarks, playfully made, would bear the con-
struction that my traveling expenses, and grog
j bills included, should be paid by the Government,
i Tiiat portion of my remarks was addressed as a
! reply to remarks of the gentleman from Mary-
1 land, [Mr. Eians,] who had gone into a state-
i ment of the loss which had accrued to him, and
which did accrue to other members, by running
for Congress and taking seats here. Among other
things, he mentioned the loss of his professional
practice. I say that my bill of items is as legiti-
mate matter for consideration as the others which
had been urged; and that the peculiar condition
and expenses connected with the country which I
represent, are fairly to be considered, and ought
to go to make up that equality for which I con-
tend. That is what I said, and what I meant to say.
Mr. STEPHENS. In reply to the gentleman
from California, I will simply say, that I am ut-
terly opposed to permitting any of these inciden-
tal expenses of the campaign to enter into the
compensation of members. How expensive it
must be to carry an election, either in the city of
Baltimore or New York! for although there are
no mules to be employed there, I expect theie is
a great deal of grog to be drunk. I now renew
the motion to lay the bill upon the table, and ask
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was de-
cided in the negative—yeas 80, nays 101; as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Charles Allen. Willis Al-
len, William Appleton, Averett, Thomas H. Bayly. Bar-
rere, Baitiett, Bennett, Bibighaus, Boeock, John li. Bowl,
Brings, Brooks, George H. Brown, Buriows, CaSdwc'i,
Lewi?. D. Campbell, Cartter, Chapman, Chastain, Chureh-
well, Cleveland, CJingman, Curtis, George T. Davis*, Dock-,
eiy, Urlmuudson, Kv?n&, Kwitiff, Floyd, Fowler, HeinyM.
Fuller, Goodenow, Hammond, Hmper, Hascall, Haven,
Hcbard, Hihbaid, Houston, John W. Howe, Jenkm-s An-
drew Johnson, James Johnson, George W. Jones, J. Gianey
Jone^Ceoige G. King, Presfon King, Kurtz, MeLanahan,
McMulhn, Meacham, Miller, Miner, Homy D. Moore,
Morehead, Murphy, Munay, Newton, Outlaw, Perkins,
Savage, Sehooleiaft, Sehoonmaker, Skelton, Stanlv, Ben-
jamin Stanton, Alexander H. Stephens, Thaddeus Steven-',
Sutherland, Sweetser, Tavlor, Benj. Thompson, Toombs,
Walbucige, Washburn, Watkms, Alexander White, and
Wiklnck—80.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Allison, David J. Bailev, Beale,
Bis&ell, Bragg, Breekenndge, Bienton, Bucll, Busby, Cas-
kie, Chandler, Clark, Cobb, Colcock, Conner, Daniel, J. G.
Davis, Dawson, Disney, Doty, Duncan, Dunham, Eastman,
Edgerton. Ficklin, Fitch, Florence, Freeman, Thos. J. D.
Fuilet, Gamble, Gaylord, Gentry. Gictdmgs, Gihnore, Grey,
Hall, Hamilton, Isham G. Harris, Sampson W. Harris,
Hendricks, Henn, Holladay, IL.ward, Thomas Y. How,
IngersoJl, Ives, Jackson, John Johnson, Robert W. John-
son, Letcher, Jjoekharf, Mace, Edwaid C. Mai.-ha)l, Hum-
phi ev Marshall, MoCorkle, McDonald, McQueen, Molony,
John Mooie, Mornson, Nabers, Olds, Samuel W. Paiker,
Pear-lee, Pehn, Penniman, Phelps, Powell, ilriee, Rantoul,
Kiddle, Robbing, Robie, ttobmaon, RusselJ, Saekett. Stuny,
David L. Seymour, Ongen S. Se\ mour, Smart, Frederick
P. Stanton, Richaid H. Stanton, Abi'tn P. Stevens, Stone,
St. Maitm, Strotlier, Stuart, George W. Thompson,Thuis-
ton, Townshend, Tenable, Wallace, Walsh, Waid. Welch,
Addison White, Wilcox, Williams, Woodward, and Yates
—101.
So the House refused to lay the bill upon the
table.
Mr. SWEETSER renewed the motion to refer
the bill to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union; and on that motion he de-
manded the previous question.
The question was taken on seconding the de-
mand for the previous question; and there were—
ayes 70, noes 44—no quorum voting.
Mr. STUART called for tellers; which were
ordered, and Messrs. Bueckenridge and Chand-
ler were appointed.
The question was again taken, and the tellers
reported—ayes 85, noes not counted.
So the previous question received a second.
The main question was then ordered to be put.
Mr. ROBINSON inquired what was the ques-
tion pending? #
The SPEAKER stated that a motion had been
made to recommit the bill to the committee that
reported it, with certain instructions, to which in-
structions an amendment was pending; another
motion had been made to refer the bill to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
without instructions; and upon that motion the
vote would first be taken.
Mr. EVANS. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to modify my instructions so as m the
first place to pay all the expenses of actual travel
of every member.
Mr. KING, of New York, and several other
members, objected.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I desire to say to the
friends of this bill 
[Loud cries of " Order!"]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can address
the House only by unanimous consent, the pre-
vious question having been ordered.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. He reported the
bill.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The chairman of the
committee who leported the bill, has aright to
speak for one hour.
Mr. CLINGrMAN. I bog leave to remind the
Chair, that it has been again and again decided,
that on a motion to refer to a committee, the chair-
man is not entitled under the rules to speak.
The SPEAKER. The Chair so decides. The
