1486
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 26,
[Cries of « Agreed"! "Agreed !" and " Make
tU"l
The SPEAKER. Then, when a gentleman is
addressing the Chair, the Chair will feel author-
ized to ask him to suspend until any other gentle-
man, who may be on his feet, shall have resumed
his seat.
[Cries of " That is right!" That is right!"]
The SPEAKER. The Chair will endeavor to
enforce that rule, and certainly will do it if the
House will sustain him,
Several Members. You shall be sustained.
Order was fully restored.
Mr. SUTHERLAND. The other question
which I desire to ask is one of very great import-
ance, and which every man in this House has to
answer, 'before this bill is passed upon. The
only ground upon which anybody urges the con-
stitutionality of these railroad measures is that by
them this Government is benefited, inasmuch as
the construction of the roads enhances the value of
the alternate sections reserved to the Government
of the United States. Now, you have just passed
the homestead bill, and 1 desire to ask whether, if
you pass this bill, the settler under the homestead
bill would not have a right to settle on the alter-
nate sections reserved to theGovernment? "What
then becomes of the argument that these bills will
benefit the Government? What becomes of the
argument-—the,, only argument which has been
urged here in support of this bill ?
[Here a message was received from the Senate
of the United States, by the hands of Asbury
Dickins, Esq., its Secretary, announcing that
the Senate had passed a bill "granting lands to
the States of Louisiana and Mississippi, to aid in
the construction of certain railroads therein," in
which they desired the concurrence of the House.
[Laughter.]
Mr. RICHARDSON. In reply to the gentle-
man, I have only to say that in no instance, as
far as I know, have the lands donated to the
States of this Union failed to be applied to the
purposes for which they were intended by the
Government.
Mr. SUTHERLAND. _ What has become of
the lands granted to the Illinois Central Railroad ?
Mr. RICHARDSON. I will tell the gentleman
where they are. When the State of Illinois proves
faithless to its trust, it will be time enough to
make the inquiry. The gentleman will lindgthat
she has applied that land to the purposes for which
it was intended that it should be applied, JNo
such imputation, therefore, can rest upon her es-
cutcheon. There was a donation to that State of
canal lands, by winch she was to construct a
canal, and she has faithfully and honestly applied
them to that purpose. So far as the inquiry of the
"euilem.m is concerned, about the effect of this
bill upon the homestead bill, that question is not
now under consideration; but 1 will say to the gen-
tleman, that if he will wait until the sale takes
place of those reserved quarter sections in Illinois,
which had been offered for $1 25 per acre for
thirty years, he will find that this policy will vin-
dicate itself. Not an acre of the land will be left
unsold.
Mr. SUTHERLAND. Cannot the settler,
under the homestead bill settle on those reserved
lands ?
Mr. RICHARDSON. Not at all; not at all.
Mr. SUTHERLAND. Why not?
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois. Because they
are not open to settlement.
Mr. SUTHERLAND. But they will be when
they are brought into market; and will they not
then be taken by the settlers under the homestead
bill?
Mr. RICHARDSON. When that time arrives,
if the gentleman puts the inquiry to me, I will an-
swer it. [Laughter.] I move the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. DEAN. I move to lay the bill and amend-
ments upon the table.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New Yoik. I believe that
the amendment proposed by the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Richardson] has not been read vet. :
The SPEAKER. It has not been read. !
Mr. SEYMOUR. Then 1 ask that it may be !
read now.
Mr. BISSELL. Under the impression that the !
amendment of my colleague, desirable as it may!
be, can only embarrass this bill, I appeal to him '
to withdraw it. I
Mr. RICPIARDSON. I will withdraw ifc. I
will not embarrass the bill.
The amendment was withdrawn.
Mr. STUART. Upon the motion of the gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Dean,] I ask for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then put upon Mr. Dean's
motion, and it was decided in the negative—yeas
70, nays 110*, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Allison, Ashe, Averett, Babeock,
David J. Bailey, Bcale, Bennett, John H. Boyd, George H.
Brown, Buell, Caldwell, Caskie, Chastam, Chutchwell,
Cleveland, Clingman, Colcock. Damei, Dean, Doekery,
Ewing, Faulkner, Floyd, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Grow,
Hamilton, Isham G. I-Ianis, Hibbaid, Holladay, John W,
Howe, Thomas Y. How, lngeisoll, Ives, Jackson, Jen-
kins, DamH T. Jones, Geoigc* W. Jones, George G. King,
Letcher, Mai tin, Mason, McQueen, Meaeham, Milison,
Morehead, Muiphv, Munay, Newton, Pea^lee, Perkins,
Polk, Robie, Ross, Savage, Schoolcraft, Sehoonmakor,
Orjgen S. Seymour, Skelton, Snow, Alexander H. Ste-
phens, Sutherland, George W.Thompson, Toombs, Tuck,
Venable, Wallace, Washburn, Wells, Wildrick, and Wood-
ward—71.
NAYS—Messrs. Abercrombio, Willis Allen, Bell, Bibig-
haus, Bissell, Bowie, Bragg, Brenton, Brooks, Albeit G.
Brown, Burrows, Bu&by, E. Cairington Cabell, Joseph
Cable, Lewis D. Campbell, Thomas Campbell, Chandler,
Chapman, Clark, Cobb, Conger, Cottman, Curtis, Geo. T.
Davis, John G. Davis, Disney, Doty, Duncan, Dunham,
Durkee, ISastinan, Edgerton^ Ficklin, Fitch, Florence,
Fowler, Freeman, Henry M. Fuller, Gamble, (iaylord, Gen-
try, Giddings, Goodrich, Gorman, Grey, Hall, Haiper,
Sampson W. Harris, Hart, (laws, Hebard, Hendricks,
Henn, Houston, Thomas M. Howe, Hunter, Aiuhew John-
son, John Johnson, Uobeit W.Johnson, J Glancy Jones,
Landry, Lockhait, Mace, Humphrey Maishall, McDonald,
MeNair, Miller, Miner, Molony, Henry D. Moore, John
Moore, Murnson, Olds, Orr, Samuel W. Parker, Perm,
Ponnnnan, Phelps, Kantonl, Richardson, Riddle, Uobbins,
Robinson, Russell, Sackett, Scuddei, Scurry,David L. Sey-
mout, Stanly, Benjamin Stanton, Fredeuek P. Stanton,
Abraham P. Stevens, St. Mattm, Stiatton, Stuart, Tayloi,
Thuiston, Townsheud, Walbndge, WaMi, Waid, Wat-
kitis, Weh-h, Addison White, Alexander White, Wilcox,
and Williams—109.
So the House refused to lay the bill upon the
table.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. OUTLAW said: I wish to state, that upon
this particular vote, 1 have paired off with the hon-
orable gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Porter,]
who haw been called from the city by the sickness
of one of his children.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I would inquire of the
Chair, if the morning hour has expired?
The SPEAKER. It has not.
Mr. AVERETT. Is it in order to move to re-
fer the bill to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union ?
The SPEAKER. It is not, until the demand
for the previous question is disposed of.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask for tellers on
seconding the demand for the previous question.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Joyrs, of
Tennessee, and Hall were appointed.
The question was then put, and it was decided
in the aifirmative—ayes Gl), noes 6G.
So the previous question received a second.
The question then being, " Shall the main ques-
tion be now put?"
Mr. POLK asked for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered.
Mr. ASHE. I would now inquire if the morn-
ing hour has expired ?
Mr. POLK. If it has I will withdraw the call
for the veas and nays.
The SPEAKER. It has not expired, but it
will expire in a moment.
[Cries of " Call the roll!"]
Mr. POLK. Has not the morning hour expired
now?
The SPEAKER. It has this moment expired.
Mr. POLK. I move to proceed to the business
on the Speaker's table.
CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. ASHE. I move to proceed to the consid-
eration of the report of the Committee on Elec-
tions, on the contested-election case from Penn-
sylvania.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the motion of the gentle-
man from North Carolina does not prevail, I shall
move to o-o mto Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, which I suppose will be in or-
der, so as to allow the gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. White] to proceed with his speech.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to inquire
if the gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr.
Ashe,] who made the report in this contested-
election case from the State of Pennsylvania, has
not the right—it being a question of privilege—to
call it up at any time he pleases? That, I think,
has been the practice of the House heretofore. It
is then for the House to dispose of it by postpone-
ment, or in some other way. I am confident that
has been the uniform practice of the House since
I have been here. It can be called up at anytime
as a question of privilege; and when called up it
is regularly before the House, without a motion
being put to that effect.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee would wish to force the consideration of
this case upon the House, whether it desires to
consider it or not. *
Mr. JONES. I wish no such thing.
The SPEAKER. The Chair so understood
the gentleman.
Mr. JONES. I only inquired if that had not
been the uniform practice of the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not recollect
distinctly what has been the practice of the House
in contested-election cases. He, however, decided
yesterday that it was a privileged motion that the
gentleman from North Carolina had a right to
submit whenever he pleased, and that it would
then be for the House to say whether it would
proceed to the consideration of that or other busi-
ness. That was the decision of the Chair, and he
is inclined to adhere to that decision as a correct
one.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Will the Chair permit
me to make one suggestion ? This, as it seems to
me, is a privileged question, and not a privileged
motion. I arn inclined to concur in the opinion
expressed by the gentleman from Tennessee.
The SPEAKER. Then, as the Chair under-
stands the gentleman, when the question is called
up the House must proceed to its consideration,
whether it chooses or not.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Yes, sir. It is regu-
larly before the House.
The SPEAKER. Then the House can go on
to consider it, or postpone it, as it chooses.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Undoubtedly.
The SPEAKER. Then, is there any impro-
priety in the decision the Chair has already made ?
He decides that the gentleman from North Caro-
lina has the right to make the motion, as a privi-
leged one—that the motion being before the House,
the House has the right of judgment in regard to
its proper disposition.' That is the decision of the
Chair. Does the gentleman appeal ?
Mr. RICHARDSON. I do not.
Mr. HOUSTON. I understand the Chair to
decide, that the motion is a privileged one, which
must take precedence of any other motion and
must be first put to the House, even if another
motion has been made before it.
The SPEAKER. That was the decision of the
Chair, and he still thinks it is correct.
Mr. HOUSTON. The Chair is clearly right.
The question now being upon the motion that
the House proceed to the consideration of the
Pennsylvania contested-election case—
Mr. ASHE demanded the yeas and nays; which
were ordered.
The question was then taken, and the result was
announced—yeas 92, nays 91.
TheSPEAKER. The report of the Committee
on Elections is now under consideration.
Mr. HOUSTON. I rise to a question of order.
The state of the vote, as announced by the Chair,
makes it in the power of the Chair to defeat the
motion, by making it a tie. I presume the Chair
would not hesitate to vote under these circum-
stances, and I call upon him to vote one way or
the other.
The SPEAKER. The Chair, in his opinion, is
not compelled to vote to make a tie, although he
has the right to do so if he chooses.
Mr. HOUSTON. Cut the vote of the Chair
would make it a tie, and defeat the motion.
The SPEAKER. The vote of the Chair would
not change the result, because he would vote in
the affirmative.
Mr. HOUSTON. Very well. I only desire
that he shall vote one way or the other.
The SPEAKER. The report of the Commit-
tee on Elections is before the House, upon which
the gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Ashe]
is entitled to the floor.
Mr. POLK. I move that the rules be suspended
and that the House resolve itself into the Com-
