1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL* GLOBE.
575
question is on referring the bill to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. CARTTER demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Is it in order
now, again to move to lay the bill upon the table?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. STEPHENS. Then I make that mo-
tion.
The yeas and nays were then ordered on Mr.
Sweetser's motion.
Mr. STEPHENS I withdraw the motion to
lay the bill upon the table, until the vote shall have
been taken on the motion to refer the bill.
The question was then taken on Mr. Sweet-
ser's motion; and it was decided in the negative—
yeas 77, nays 96, as follows :
man, CurtJsi, Daniel, (it oj«e T. Davis. Dockcry. Duncan.
Evans, Floyd, Fowier, Henry M. Fuller, Gcntiv, tinkling,
Gooilonow, Hammond, Harpei, Miam U. Uum^ Hawaii,
IJcbiud, Houston, John W.Howe, Uuntei, James Johnson,
Gcoige \\ . Jones, J. (il<mc\ .1 ones, George G. King, Pi ei-ton
Kin;-;. Kurtz, McMulhu, Meaeham, Miller. Milton, llemv
D Moote, John Moore, Mnnay, Newton, Outlaw. Pcikm-,',
Packet!, Savaire, Schcimerhoin, Sehooicialt, ' tfehoon-
malcer. Skelton. Stanly, Benjamin Stanton, Thaddeu> Hfe-
ven^. Sttother, tMithciland. Swee'svr, T.ivhu, licupuinu
Thompson. Toombs, Walhndge. Wallace," \Val«li, Wash-
burn, Watkin«!, Addison White, Wildriek, Woodwaiil,aiui
Yates—7".
NAVS— Moms Aiken, Willi*Allen, As>hc, Bab^oek,Da-
vid J. Bailey,Thomas. H. Uaylv, Boale, Bell, fU^ell, Hiaag,
Breekenrid'ic, Bienton, Buell, Buxhv, Ca^kic, Cbandlei,
Cluu<•!iwellj Olai k, Cobb, Colcock, Conner, John (J. I>av i*-,
Dawson, Di.-ney, Doiy, Dunhnm, Eastman, Kduoiton,
Kwuij,', Fjcklm, Fttch, Florence, Fieoman, Thotmtx J-. D.
Fuller, Gamble, Gavlorti, Grey, Hall. Hamilton, tfami^on
W UaiiH, Haven, Hendricks. Ilonn, Howard, Thomas Y.
How, Ingersoll, Ives, Jackson, Andrew John-on, Jno. John-
soil, Robeit W. Johnson, Letchei, Loekhait, Mace, Fd-
waid C. Mai shall, MeCorkle, McDonald, .MeLanahan, Mc-
Queen, Mmei, Molony, Moiehead, Monison, Murphy,
TCaher^, Old.-, Orr, Samuel W. Parker, Peniuman, Phelpx,
Poitci, Powell. Pi ice, lla.itoul, Richardson, Jtobbms, Rohte.
Robm-on, Ru-soll. Scmrj, Oilmen S.Seymour, David fj.
Seymour, c?niatt, Fredenek P. Stanton, Biehaid H. Stan-
ton, Abiaham J*. Stevens, Alexandei II. Stephens, Stone,
St. Maitm, Stuait. Geo. W. Thompson, Thur.^ton, Towns-
hend, Waid, Welch, Wilcox, and Williams—Ori.
So the House refused to refer the bill to t3ie
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. HENDRICKS. What is the next ques-
tion ?
The SPEAKER. The question recurs upon
the amendment to the instructions proposed by the
gentleman from Alaryland.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move the previous
question.
The SPEAKER. The previous question has
already been ordered.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, moved to lay
the bill and all the amendments pending- upon the
table; and upon that motion demanded the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and the ques-
tion being takeout was decided m the negative—
yeas 79, nays 94, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ahciciombie, Chas. Allen, William Ap-
pleton, Aveiett, Babcock,Tho«. 11. Bayly. l>ariere, Bartlett,
Bennett, Bibijjhau-:, Boeock, John H. Boyd, Brooks, Geo.
H. Brown, Burrows, Caldwell, Lewis J)."Campbell, Cart-
ter, Chandler, Chapman, Cha^tain, Cleveland, Clinsnian,
Curtis, George T. Davis, Dockeiy, Edmunds-on, Kvans,
Floyd, Fowler, Goodenow, Hammond, Harpei, Sampson
XV. Harris, Hascall, Haven, Hebaid, Hihbaid, Houston,
John W. Howe, Huntei, Jenkins, Andrew Johnson, James
Johnson, Geoige W. Jones, J Glaney Jones, Geoige (I.
King, Preston King, Kurtz, Meaeham, MilJci, Million,
Henry D. Moore, Moiehead, Murray, Newton, Outlaw,
Priknie, Price, Saekctt, Savage, Sclicrmeihoin, School-
ciaft, Sehoomnaker, Skelton. Stanly, Benjamin Stanton,
Alexander II. Stephens, Thaddeus Stevens, Sutherland,
Sweet-ei. Taylor, Benjamin Thomp?-.on, Toombs, Wal-
bndgp, Washburn, Watkuis, Alexander White, and Wil-
duck—79.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Willis Allen, Allieon. Ashe, Da-
vid J. I'ailev, Ucale. Bell, Bir-sell, Bras«r, Brcekenridse,
Brenton, Albeit G. Biovvn. Busby, Cas-kie, Churehwell,
Clark, Cobb, Colcock, Coiner, John G. IJavis, Dawson,
Disney, Doty. Duncan, Durkee, Eastman, Edeerton, Fick-
lin, Fiteh, Florence, Fieeman, Onmble, Gentry, Oilmore,
Grey, Hall, Hamilton, Isham G. Hams, Hendricks, Henn,
Thomas Y. How, Ingersoll, Ives, Jackson, John Johnson,
Robert W. Johnson, Letcher, J,oekitait, Mace, Ldwaid
C. Marshall, Humphrey MarshnM^ McCorkle, McDonald,
McLanahan, McQueen, Miner, Molony, John Moore, Mor-
rison, Nabers, Olds, Oir, Samuel W. Parker, Pea-lee,
Penn, Penmman, Phelps, Porter, Powell, Kantoul, Rob-
bins, Ilobie, Robinson, Russell, Scurry, David L. Seymour,
Origen S. Seymour, Smart, Fiedeiick P. Stanton, Tacliard
H. Stanton, Abraham P. Steven?, Stone. St. Martin, Ptuait,
George W. Thompson, Thurston, Towribhend, Wallace,
Walsh, Ward, Welch, Wilcox, Williams, and Woodward
-94. '
So the House refused to lay the bifl upon the
table.
The question recurred upon Mr. Allison's
amendment to the instructions to the Committee
on Mileage, proposed by Mr. Evans.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Is the prev ious question
exhausted?
The SPEAKER. It is not. The previous
question will apply first to the amendntent pro-
posed to the instructions; second, to the recom-
mitment of the bill to the Committee on Mileage,
with instructions, and if not committed, the bill
will then be put upon its engrossment.
The question was then taken on Mr. Allison's
amendment, and it was not agreed to.
The question recurred on Mr. K\ ws's motion
to recommit the bill with instructions.
Mr. EVANS. I now ask the unanimous con-
: sent of the House so to modify the instructions as
1 to provide for the traveling expenses of every
member of the House before equalizing the mile-
age.
[Loud cries of" Object!"]
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee, moved that the
House do now adjourn; but withdrew it at the
request of
Mr. WILDRICK", who, from tffe Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported back as correctly enrolled
" An aettoadmitthehermaphrodite brig Sylphide
; to register;" which thereupon received the signa-
| ture of the Speaker.
Mi. HAlllUS then renewed the motion to ad-
journ.
And the question being put, it was decided in
the affirmative—ayes 86, noes 73.
So the House adjourned until to-morrow.
1V0TICKS OP HILLS.
By Mr. CLAIvK r A bill entitled 1,4 An act to amend an
act entitled 'An act 101 la>iago(i die towns ot FoitMadi-
son and Burlington, in the eountv oi" Dos Moines and the
towns ot' I'ellcvue, Dubuque, and Peru, in the county of
Dubuque, Territoiy of \\ ^eon-on." "
ilv IVIr. ISROWN, of Mississippi: A bill to authorize the
Legi>latine of the State of Mississippi to sell the lands here-
tofore appiopriated lor the use of schools in that State, and
to latify and appiove the sales already made.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions, memorials, &c., were presented
undei the inle, and relerred to the appiopnate committees :
By IVIr. rillOLPS : The petition ot J. M. Cruse and 124
other citizen* ot Hickory county, Miss-nun, for a po-t road
fioni Hermitage, Hickory <*ouniy, via Butlalo, to Hartville,
Wright county, in the State ot Missouu.
ANo, the petition of ij. Tame and 91 other citizens
I of Dallas eoiint\, Mi-soun, for ;i po-t road Iniiii Hermitage,
Ilickoi j count), via llull.ilo, to II am ille, Wrmht eounty.
Also, the petition oi Cvuio W. MeCtillock and other cit-
izens ol Dade comity, Missouri, piavnri^ that leliet may be
extended to--aul MeCullook by letinidinu to bun the pin-
chaf-e money jiaul to tiie United States tor a certain tiaet of
land
Also, the petition of citizens of Pettis eounty, Missouri,
foi a post load fioin I'airview, Pettic count>, to'iliyli Point,
Johnson county.
Bv Mr. 11AV EN : Various papers and four petitions by
masteis, marmei^, and persons inteie-ted in the commeice
of Lake Eue and thenoithwestem lakes, and of physicians
and Miitfcons, kn a maiuie hospital at tfutfalo, New Yoik.
By IMr. ALL! SON . The niemoiial of sundry citizens of
Washington eounty, Pennsylvania, lor an act to prohibit
the tiansportatiou 01 dehveiy ot the mails on Hie Christian
Sabbath or Lord's day.
AKo, the petition of certain citizens of Beavei eountv,
Pennsylvania, piayinir that a post load he established he
tw< en Lconoiny and Hook^town, in said county.
By Mr. TAY1 ,()!{• Tiie petitions ol C P. Chandler,
James Spaiks, J. (). Sparks, William Odell, and J. G.
Reed, assistant marshals, in the counties ol Scioto, Adams,
and Pike, Ohio, pnmna Conines to allow tliem additional
compensation to that allowed by the act of May 23, J boU,
for taking the Seventh Census.
By Mi. FOWLEil: The petition of Ezekiel Jones and
287 citizens of Seituate, Massachusetts; also, of Samuel O.
Martin and 2.3 othei bianch pilots, of Boston; also, ol' Heniy
Pame and 15b others, ship-masters, and others, ot Piovince-
town; also, of George Mai ton Jtnd 4'2 others-, nierchants,
ship-masters, and othei-', of Barnstable, Massachusetts,
praying for an appropriation from theTreasurvofthe United
States lor the impioveinent of the luibor of Seituate, in the
State ot Massachusetts.
By Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi: The petition of Wil-
liam Vanerson, tor hnrif-elt and others, praying lor a mail
loute fiorn Monticello, Mississippi, via Benjamin Bresten;s,
to SnnthdaJe, in the same State.
By Mr. FITCH: Three petitions fiom citizens of Jasper
county, Indiana, asking the establishment of a mail route
from Lafayette, Indiana, thiough Rensselaer and Morocco,
to Moncure, llhnoi«.
By Mr. FLTLLER, of Maine: The memorial of S. R.
Deveieaux andS.others, assistant marshals for the eounty of
Hancock, Maine, praying an increase of compensation for I
taking the Seventh Census. j
Also, the remonstianeo of Thomas Robm.-on and sundry
otheis, slnp-masteis and ship-owners, of Ellsworth, of!
Maine, against repealing any of the provisions of the act of I
March 3, 1847, reducing costs in admiralty proceedings. i
By Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee: The memorial of
William Stidham and 81 other citizens of Fayette county*
Tennessee, prayin? Congress to abolish the office of chap-
Iain in the various branches of the public service.
By Mr. CHANDLER; Two memorials, numerously
signed by citizens of Philadelphia, protesting against a re-
newal of Woodwrtith's patent for a planing machine.
By Mr. FLORENCE: The memorial ot Samuel Morton,
Ward B. Haseltme, and John B. Austin, and others, ol the
city of Philadelphia, calling the attention of Oongiess to thfi
ob-tiuetion which exists at the Falls or Rapids at Louis-
ville, Kentucky, and asking trom the Geneial Government
an improved navigation around the Falls of Ohio to meet the
requirement of the growing increase of western commerce
upon tne most impo'rant national highway of the Union.
By Mr. GREEN. The memorial of J. S. Fouke and
Charles R. Mutry, deputy marshals ol Sandusky county,#
Ohio, asking an increased compensation foi taking the cen-
su«<.
AKo. the petition of citizens of Wood eountj, Ohio,
piavins lor the establishment oi' a mail route fiom Stoncr
post othcc, Seneca eountv, to Woodbuiy, in Wood county.
Also, tiie petition of citizens of Wy.mdot eountv, Ohio,
pinymsr for the ostabhshmemo? a mail mule fiom Bucyius,
thiou h Uppei Sandu-ky, See., to William-town.
Also, the meinonal of John McCiacken and George
lleiby, deputy niatshals of Ciawfoid county, Ohio, as-kmg
fuithei compensation foi taking the census.*
Bj Mi MORRISON : The petition of sundry citizens of
Chester count}, Pennsylvania, asking the establishment of
a mail route fioni Coate>ville, in said county, to WV-tehes-
tei, I'enn-jlvania.
Also, tire petition and papers of Elizabeth Pennington,
asking remuneiation lor property lost by her husbmiU m
the late war with Great Bnti.ui.
Bv 'Mr. BUSBY : The memoriyl of Joseph Mucnscher
and others, citizens of the county of Knox, Ohio, asking
the Mi-p-'twioii ot Sunduv mails.
Also, tiie memonal ot J. II. Peacock and 30 others, upon
the same; subject.
By .Mr SWEBTSF.U: The petition of Miles Penney
ami N. B. Butler. asking additional compensation for ser-
vices pei iormed ;is a>M>tant marshals ui taking census
under the act ot May 0'2, l^.'O.
By Mr. DISNKY : The meuioiinl of ccitain citizens of
Cincinnati, leinonstiating against the extension of the patent
tor MeCoimick's icapeft
Also, the niemoiKiloi'certam citizens of Hamilton eountv,
Ohio, asking additional lenmueiation lor tin: dischaige of
their duty a^ deputy maishals m taking the leecnt census.
Bv Mr. BItKKiS . The memorial by the Speaker and 54
mcnibeis of the Assembly of the Slate ot New Yoik ; also,
by Eiastus Coining, of Albany, and 37 members of the As-
sembly ol the State of New York, asking Congress ioi the
immediate establishment of a Mint in theoitv ot New Yoik.
By Mr. IIARPEll: The memoual of Jonathan Pierce, of
Muskingum county, Ohio, piaung for a pension m con-
sequence of injury received in the war ol 1812.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, February 17, 1853.
Prayer by the Rev. Littleton P. Morgan.
LOUISVILLE AND PORTLAND CANAL.
The President pro tcm. laid before the Senate a
report of the Secretary of the Treasury, in com-
pliance with a resolution of the Semite of tiie 24th
Pebruary, 185J, transmitting' copies of proxies
given to represent the stock of the United States
m the Louisville and Poitland canal, with the in-
structions which accompanied said proxies, and a
list of the stockholders in said canal, with the
amount of stock owned by each; which was read.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. 1 have already intro-
duced a biiJ, which is upon the files of the Senate,
proposing to purchase the remaining- stock in that
canal possessed by individuals, to make it a free
canal, and to enlarge it. I believe the Committee
on Roads and Canals also have the subject under
consideration. 1 think a proper disposition of
the communication would be, tcflet it lie on the
table, and have it printed for the use of the Senate,
unless the Senator from Indiana [Mr. Bright]
wishes to make some other disposition of it.
Mr. BRIGHT. I suppose the communication is
connected with a bill which J have had the honoi
to introduce to the Senate. I therefoie move its
reference to the Committee on Roads and Canals,
and that it be printed.
The motion wasagieed to.
COMMUNICATION FROM KOSSUTH.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair has received a
letter from Louis Kossuth, inclosing a communi-
cation which was made, as he says, to the Presi-
dent of the United States, expressing his gratitude
and thanks to the two Houses of Congress, and
to the various Heads of Departments for the man-
ner in which he was received in Washington. The
letter which he has addressed to me will be read.
The Secretary read the letter, as follows:
Cincinnati, Ohio, February 14,1&32.
To the Hon. W. R King,
President o/ the Senate:
Sir: Befoiel left Washington city I felt myself bound
by gratitude to return my warmest thanks to tiie Govern-
