1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
14ST
mittee of the Whole House on the state of the
Union.
The SPEAKER, The Chair is informed that
a mistake was made by the Clerk in counting the
votes upon the question just taken. The Clerk
states that a mistake was made, and that the vote
is a tie vote. It therefore becomes the duty of the
Chair to vote. He votes in the negative, and this
defeats the motion.
Mr. ASHE. 1 do not understand that decision
of the Chair; I wish he would explain it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will repeat, that
upon a recount, he is informed by the Clerk that
the vote upon the motion of the gentleman from
North Carolina [Mr. Ashe] is a tie. In consid-
eration of the lateness of the hour the Chair votes
"No," and therefore defeats the motion.
Mr. ASHE. If that is the decision of the Chair,
I submit to it.
Mr. FOWLER. I believe the Chair has not
announced the vote since the mistake has been
corrected. 1 most respectfully ask the Chair to
• announce it as it now stands.
The SPEAKER. The Chair having voted No,
the vote now stands—yeas 91, nays 92.* It is as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Charles Allen, John Appleton,
Ashe, Averett, David J. Barley, Beale, Bissell, Bragg,
Albert G. Brown, Buell, Busby, Joseph Cable, Thomp-
son Campbell, Caskte, Chastam, Cburchwell, Clark, Cleve-
land, Curtis, Daniel, John G. Davis, Dawson, Disney,
Doty, Durkee, Eastman, Edgerton, Faulkner, Fitch, Flor-
ence, Freeman, Thomas J. D, Fuller, Gamble, Gilmore,
Green, Hamilton, isham G. Harris, Sampson W. Harris,
Hart, Hendricks, Henn, Hibhard, Hillyer, Holladay, How-
atd, Thomas Y. How. Ingerso!!, Ives, Jackson, Jenkins,
John Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, Daniel T. Jones, Geo.
W. Jones, J. Clancy Jones, Kurtz, Loekhart, Mac<>, Ma-
pon, McCorkie, McDonald, MeLanahati.McNair, McQueen,
Millson, Moiony, Mornson, Murphy, Murray, Olds, Orr,
Peaslee, Penn, Perkins, Rantoul, Richardson, Riddle, Rob-
bing Robie, Ross, Russell. Skelton, Frederick P. Stanton,
Abiaham P. Steven?, Stratton, Siuart, Townshend, Vena-
ble. Wallace, and Wiidrick—91.
NAYrt—Messrs. Abercrombie,Willis Allen, Allison, Bar-
rere, Bell, Bennet, Bibighaus, Bowie, Bowne, Jno.H. Boyd,
Breckinridge, Brenton, Bnggs, Brooks, George H. Brown,
Burrows, E. C. Cabell, Caldwell, L. D. Campbell, Chand-
ler, Chapman, Chngman, Cobb, Coleock, Conger, Cottman,
Geo. T. Davis, Dean, Dockery, Duncan, Dunham, Evans,
Ewing, Fiekhn, Floyd, Fowler, Gaylord, Gentry, Giddmgs,
Goodrich, Giev, Grow, Hall, IIaiper,lIdws,«Hebard, Hous-
ton, John W.IIowe,Thomas M. Howe. Hunter, George C.
King, Landry, Letcher, Humphrey Marshall, Mcacham,
Miller, Miner, Henry D. Moore, John Moore, Morehead,
Newton, Sam'l W. Paiker, Penniman, Phelps, Polk, Sack-
ed, Savage, Schoonmaker, Scudder, Scurry, David L.
Seymour, Smith, Benjamin Stanton, Alex. H. Stephens,
Stiother. Sutherland, Taylor, Thurston, Toombs, Tuck,
Walbridge, Walsh, Ward, Wa«hburn, Watkins, Welch,
Wells, Addison White, Alexander White, Williams, and
Woodwaid—91.
So the House refused to go into the considera-
tion of the report of the Committee on Elections.
Mr. POLK. I move that the rules be suspended,
and that the House resolve itself into the Commit-
tee of the Whole House on the state of the Union.
The question was put, and the motion agreed to.
So the rules were suspended.
The H&use accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Seymour, of Connecticut, in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN stated as the first business
in order House bill No. 43, making appropriations
for the current and contingent expenses of the In-
dian Department, and for fulfilling treaty stipula-
tions with various Indian tribes, for the year end-
ing June 30, 1853, upon which the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. White] was entitled to the floor.
Mr. WHITE, of Kentucky, then addressed the
committee his allotted hour, in regard to the com-
promise measures, the necessity of adhering to
them, and in regard to the Presidency.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky, followed, in
reply to the remarks of his colleague, [Mr. G-rey,]
made a few days ago, relative to his action in the
recent Whig Congressional caucus.
[These speeches will be published in the Ap-
pendix.]
Mr. GROW obtained the floor.
Mr. ALLISON moved that the committee rise.
The question was then taken, and it was agreed
°The committee accordingly rose, and the Speaker
bavin®- resumed the chair, the chairman ofthe com-
mittee reported that the Committee of the "Whole
on the state of the Union, according to order, had
had the state of the Union generally under consid-
eration, and particulaily House bill No. 43, and
had come to no conclusion thereon.
On motion of Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, the
House then adjourned till to-morrow at twelve
o'clock, m.
PETITIONS, &e.
The following petitions, memorials, &e., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. WILCOX : The petition of citizens of the State
of Mississippi, asking a grant of public land, to aid in the
construction of a railroad therein mentioned.
By Mr. MOORE, of Louisiana: The petition of H. M.
Ilyams, B. Chew, and 11.'King, asking preemption right to
land purchased under the Mai son Rouge grant.
By Mr. CffASTAiN: A resolution ot the General As-
sembly of the State of Georgia, asking Congress to establish
a weekly mail route, to be carried by a two-horse stage
coach, from BJairsviHeto Cassville, via the post offices now
accommodated with the horse mail on said route.
By Mr. WASHBURN: The memorial of Jewett &
March, and others, praying for the passage of a law per-
mitting lumber, of the growth of the forests of the United
States, and owned by the citizens of the United States, cut
i upon the river St. John aud its tributaries, and indiiulac-
I tured in the Province of New Biunswick, to be brought into
any port of the United States free of duty.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, May 27, 1852.
Prayer by the Rev. Littleton P. Morgan.
Mr. MALLORY presented a petition of citizens
of the southern portion of Flouda, praying the
establishment of a land office at Tampa; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Also, a petition of citizen of Florida, praying
that the compensation allowed for the transporta-
tion of the mails between New Orleans and certain
ports in Florida may be increased; which was
referred to the Committee on the Post Oifice and
Post Roads.
Also, a petition of citizens of Florida, praying
that the mail steamer from New Orleans to Key
West "may touch atAtseena-Otee,or Cedar Keys;
which was referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads. ^ .
Also, the memorial of James Montgomery,
praying that an invention of his for preventingthe
explosion of steam-boilers may be tested, under
his superintendence, on board one of the Govern-
mant steamers; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
Also, the memorial of James Montgomery,
praying Congress to aid him in the construction
of a steamer which will be competent to carry the
mails between New York and Liverpool in six
days, and between Newfoundland and Liverpool
in four days, and which shall be also suitable for
war purposes; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs.
Also, additional documents in relation to the
claim of Ann Dudley; which were referred to the
j Committee on Claims.
t Mr. BERRIEN presented the petition of John
i James Flournoy, praying compensation for certain
j land of which lie has been illegally deprived;
! which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. SEWARD presented nine petitions of citi-
zens of New York, praying that the bill now
pending before Congress, granting to every citizen
of the United States who is the head of a family
one hundred and sixty acres of land, may become
a law; which were referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. SHIELDS presented a petition of citizens
of Illinois, praying that the bill now pending before
Congress, granting to every citizen of the United
States who is the''head of a family one'hundred
and sixty acres of land, may become alaw; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. WADE presented two petitions of citizens
of Ohio, praying that the bill now pending before
Congress, granting to every citizen of the United
States who is the head of a family one hundred
and sixty acres of land, may become alaw; which
were referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. SMITH presented a petition of citizens of
Bridgeport, Connecticut, praying that the bill now
pending before Congress, granting to every citizen
of the United States who is the head of a family
one hundred and sixty acres of land, may become a
law; which was referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands. _ .
Mr. MILLER presented a petition of citizens
of Newark, New Jersey, praying that the bill now
pending before Congress, granting to every citizen
of the United States who is the head of a family
one hundred and sixty acres of land, may become
a law; which was referred ti> the Committee On
Public Lands. - • . " .
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid,before the5-
Senate a petition of William D. Stone, praying to
be allowed-to locate other land in lieu of,certain
land of which he has been unjustly deprived by.
the unauthorized action of the deputy surveyor;
which was„ referred to the Committer .on Public
Lands. # ; . * -
Also, the proceedings of a meeting of the Amer-
ican Medical Association, held at Richmond, Vir-
ginia, on the subject of conferring assimilated
rank upon the medical officers ofthe Navy; which
were referred to the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs.
Mr. FISH presented a petition of citizens of
Busti, New York, praying that the bill nowpend-
ing before Congress, granting to every citizen of
the United States who is the head of a family one
hundred and sixty acres of land, may become a
law; which was referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands.
Also, a remonstrance of citizens of New Yoik
against the renewal of Cyrus H. McCormick's
patent for improvements in reaping machines;
which was ordered to be laid on the table.
Mr. DODGE, of Wisconsin, presented a me-
morial of the Legislature of Wisconsin, praying
a grant of land to aid in the education of deaf,
dumb, blind, and insane persons in that State;
which was ordered to be laid on the table and
printed.
|$r. MASON presented a petition of clerks,
messengers, and otherg, in the office of the Com-
missioner of Customs, praying additional com-
pensation; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
Also, a petition of clerks, messengers, and
others, in the office of the First Auditor, praying
additional compensation; which was referred to
the Committee on Finance.
Mr. MASON. I have received three memorials
from citizens of the town of Wheeling, and that
part of Virginia, asking for the passage, by the
Senate, of the bill which is popularly called, I be-
lieve, the hofhestead bill, the purpose of which, I
understand,is to give away the public lands among
a certain class of people. I present the petition,
as I conceive it my duty to do, but at the same
time declaring, that if the people of the towns in
the pcinity of Wheeling entertain the opinions
expressed in these petitions, they are held, I am
satisfied, by very few citizens in the State; and in
presenting them, I wish to declare, that the pre-
sentation is not to be considered as adopting in any
degree the views of the petitioners.
The memorials were referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I have received a peti-
tion, of a peculiar character, from two of my fe-
male constituents, and now beg to present it to the
Senate. These ladies reside in the town of New-
port, in the State of Kentucky, opposite the city
of Cincinnati. One signs herself Sarah Tanner,
and the.other Lucinda Tanner. They represent
that a gentleman named Edward D. Tippett, has
applied to them, and stated that he is the inventor -
of a steam-engine, and that there would be perfect
safety in the navigation of vessels propelled by it,
because he proposes to generate steam, not in
boilers, as at present, but by throwing water on
red-hot plates of iron, so as to generate the steam
in just sufficient quantities to fill the cylinder at
each stroke of the engine.
Some years ago, I had the pleasure of examin-
ing this invention at Georgetown. There were
several experiments made on it, under the author-
ity, of Government; but, as the petitioners state,
it was never carried into practical operation. Mr.
Tippett has found these ladies, and satisfied them
of the entire practicability of putting it success-
fully into operation; and they have given him
§1,500, through the humane feelings which char-
acterize them, for the purpose of enabling the in-
ventor to make the necessary experiments; but
they state that #1,500 will not be sufficient, and
they think that Congress might give as much
more as they have given from their own private
purse. That will make $3,000, and that sum,
they think, will be sufficient to accomplish the
experiments, which will prove to the world that
this invention will supersede all other steam-en-
gines. I think that theCommittee on Commerce,
who have had the bill relative to steam-engines
