1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2351
ing them; and they say that there would be no
economy in adopting? those lights. They show that
the average expenditure in sustaining the light-
house system, as compared between this country,
France, and England,.is in every instance in our fa-
vor. They even take a strongercase—the case of
light-houses owned by private corporations or indi-
viduals in Great Britain, of which there are many,
and which would be managed, if any could be, to
make money out of at the cheapest expenditure;
and they show that our public light-houses, man-
aged extravagantly, as the gentleman says they are,
are cheaper than the foreign. Now, when we take
this fact, in connection with the facts stated by
hundreds of practical navigators, that they are sup-
plied with good lights upon our coast, I submit to
the committee that there is 110 necessity for this
radical change. There is no report made in favor
of this measure, coming from practical men, but
only an effort spasmodically made on the part of
certain parties to create another bureau, to over-
shadow the Government here, and to be a tax upon
the public Treasury. I trust that this committee
will rely upon practical experience, demonstrated
and confirmed, as it has been, by arespectablecom-
mittee of this House, rather than sustain any vis-
ionary proposition at this late period of thesession.
Mr. DUNCAN. I did not intend to make an-
other remark upon this subject; and I should not,
but for the very strong ground taken by my re-
spected colleague upon the committee, [Mr. Sey-
mour.] The report to which he alludes was
made at a period before we had that experience,
light, and knowledge upon the subject which we
now have. I think that the statements he makes
in relation to the cost of English light-houses, as
compared with the cost of our light-houses, are
erroneous in this, that there are manycharges,
such as pensions to persons employea, and the
charge of reconstruction, which are included in
the cost of English light-houses which are not in-
cluded in the cost of our light-houses. I repeat
the assertion, if the subject is fairly examined,
the positions which I took the other day upon this
subject are correct. The great mass of evidence
of men competent to decide upon this subject is,
that our lights are not what they might be, and
not what they ought to be; that they are suscepti-
ble of improvement, and that their managements
not so systematic as it might be under a board
constituted in the manner now proposed. I have
no wish to protract this debate. The subject is
before the Flouse.
Mr. EVANS. The gentleman from New York
[Mr. Seymour] has introduced an old report
here, and unfortunately he has skipped over a
later report made in the Senate, in which all the
facts were brought out, and in which they recom-
mend precisely what I have recommended here.
It was made in the year 1838, and there were sev-
eral reports afterwards.
Mr. SEYMOUR. If the gentleman will permit
me, I say that I alluded to a report made by the
Committee on Commerce to this House in 1842.
Mr. EVANS. But the gentleman skipped an
elaborate report made here, in which there is not
one single thing incorrect. 1 will tell you how
this thine: stands. Upon the one side is Mr.
Pleasonton and the gentleman, and upon theother
side is the rest of the world. That is the way
the matter stands precisely.
Mr. SEYMOUR. I withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. MEADE. It seems to me that there is one
amendment which ought to be made to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr.
Evans,] whether it be adopted or not. I perceive
that, in the first or second clause, it provides for
the appointment of two civilians to constitute a
portion of the Light-House Board. Now, as this
is a mere experiment, offered by the gentleman
from Maryland, [Mr. Evans,] the policy of which
probably no five men in the House can decide
upon with reference to his own knowledge upon
the subject 
Mr. CARTTER. Does the gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Meade] offer an amendment?
Mr. MEADE. Yes, sir.
Mr. CARTTER. I should like to hear it.
[Laughter.]
Mr. MEADE. I move to strike out the word
" civilian" where it occurs. I was about to state
that I have attended very strictly to the discussion,
professing to understand nothing about the sub-
ject, with a view of being enlightened. It is
utterly impossible for me, or any other man in
my situation—and I say that there are nineteen
twentieths in my situation—to judge of the policy
of this amendment, except by reference to the con-
fidence which I may have in the statement of the
gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Evans,] and that
of the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Seymour,]
and of those who sustain the gentleman from New
York. Well, that being the case, without saying
that the amendment of the gentleman from Mary-
land [Mr. Evans] ought not to be adopted, with-
out saying that the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Seymour] is right, yet ignorant of the facts
myself, it seems to me to be wise policy, before
any important change is made in the old system,
which has worked well, that the proposed change
should be referred to some competent jurisdiction
like a committee in this House, either a standing
or select committee, which shall gather all, the
facts upon the subject, and report to this House
after a thorough investigation. 1 have the utmost
confidence in the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr.
Evans,] and in his learning upon the subject; but
while I see gentlemen, entitled to equal confidence,
differing in opinion from me upon this subject, I
cannot, under any circumstances, vote for an
amendment ingrafting an entire new system upon
the old one, and effecting an entire change.
Mr. EVANS. I wish to say in reply to the
gentleman that he is mistaken. These boards ex-
ist in all the maritime countries of Europe—Eng-
land, France, Ireland, Belgium, Scotland, Sar-
dinia, Denmark, Prussia, &c. They are formed
in the same way, and have civilians in the board.
The word " civilians" ought not to be stricken out,
because I desire the best scientific men of the
country to be placed upon such a board for their
talents, and as a check upon the other officers. In
England they are found to be placed upon it with-
out pay, and seek for the appointment, and the
most able and scientific men consider it an honor
to be appointed as the civilians upon the board
We have the opinions of hundreds of shipmasters,
speaking in the strongest terms of the system of
Europe, as better than our system, not the men
of 1842, but the men of 1852, sailing out of all the
harbors. One captain, who has made two hun-
dred and eight voyages across the Atlantic, and
who is acquainted with all the systems of Europe,
says the same thing. The civilians upon these
boards serve without pay. I cannot believe that
our men are less patriotic than they are in Eu-
rope. The civilians appointed upon this board
ought to be the best scientific men we have.
Mr. WALSH. I thought my colleague said
that the light-houses in JSnrope were in the hands
of corporations.
Mr. EVANS. So they are in England.
Mr. WALSH. Havethey thesemen of science?
Mr. EVANS. Unquestionably.
The question was then taken on Mr. Meade's
amendment, and it was rejected.
The question then recurring on Mr. Evans's
amendment to the original bill,
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York, demanded
tellers; which were ordered; and Messrs. Chand-
ler and Ashe were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers
reported—ayes 81, noes 45.
So the amendment of Mr. Evans was agreed
to.
Mr. DUNCAN. After lines one hundred and
nine and one hundred and ten, which read as fol-
lows: " For four spar-buoys in the harbor of New
Bedford, $300," I offer the following:
For a light-vessel to be moored off Mi not's Ledge until
the proposed liglit-house upon said ledge be completed,
#1,600.
1 ask leave to offer this out of order. If the
House will just hear me for a moment- 
Mr. HOUSTON. We have other business,
and if we are to go back, I want Jones's fog-bells
stricken out. I object to going back upon the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is compelled
to entertain the point of order.
Mr. DUNCAN, Can I not offer it as a sep-
arate section ?
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman can offer it
in the House as an amendment when we get into
the House, before he calls the previous question, as
he will have the floor.
Mr. DUNCAN. I move that the committee
rise and report the bill to the House.
Mr. BROOKS. I offer the following amend-
ment as an additional section:
Provided, The expenses incurred by the Topographical
Bureau arid Coast Survey for the location of these beacons,
buoys, and lights, shall not be paid out of the light house
fund lor actual labor and material.
. The whole object of the bill as it now stands
amended throughout is, ta change and transferthe
administration of your light-house system from
the Fifth Auditor of the Treasury, who has ad-
ministered it for thirty-two years, to the Coast
Survey, Topographical Corps, and a new board
to be called the Light-House Board. I must con-
fess, I was surprised to see so large a majority
sanction such an innovation, solely upon the rec-
ommendation 
Mr. CARTTER. I rise to a question of order.
The gentleman is not speaking to his amendment,
but is reviewing the action of the House upon
another amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. It is impossible for the
Chair to determine as yet what line of argument
the gentleman is to take.
Mr. BROOKS. There has been a great deal of
prejudice created against the Fifth Auditor of the
Treasury. Now, I do not see any reason why a
man who received his office from Jefferson, who
was transferred here with this Government from
Philadelphia, and who has held his office for some
fifty years through all Administrations,should, in
his old age, have taken from him the administra-
tion of his department, and have it transferred in
this way to a new-formed Topographical Bureau,
or to the Coast Survey, or to some yet unknown
board, to be called the Light-House Board or Bu-
reau. His administration of this light-house de-
partment, with occasional errors, to which all men
have been subject, has been as fair, as upright, as
creditable, as successful as was ever the adminis-
tration of a like department. I venture to predict
here, in the face of my commercial constituents,
and in the face of the whole commerce of the coun-
try, that if this system which has been projected
and planned here, is carried out, the great body
of the people of the country, when they see the
expenditures of the light-house system swollen to
$1,000,000, as the expenditure of the Coast Survey
are now being swollen—half a million is the ex-
penditure now—I predict that the agricultural and
interior interests will rise up and demandthata
tax shall be laid upon tonnage, that every ship
which comes within the range of a light shall pay
a tax to that light.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. EVANS. I supposed that this thing was
at the end. I wasin hopes that we had done with
it, and certainly I have no desire to weary the com-
mittee by any further discussion on the subject.
But the gentleman from New York says that the ex-
penses of this light-house department will amount
up to #1,000,000 a year. Does he not know that
last year the expenses were $1,000,000 and that
they are three quarters of a million this year?
Sir, the Fifth Auditor is always being brought
in here. I did not bring in his name. I wish to
cast no reflection whatever upon him; and I say
now, that if the most efficient man in the world
was put down in a bureau here, he could not man-
age our light-houses. It is impossible he can do
it. 1 wish to make no reflections whatever upon
Mr. Pleasonton. I do not know under whoss
Administration he was appointed; but I do know-
that he was not appointed to take charge of this
subject. The law imposes this duty upon the
Secretary of the Treasury, and it is principally by
rules and regulations, made by the Department,
that it gets to the Fifth Auditor. He is, 1 be-
lieve, made to audit the accounts of the State De-
partment, and the Census, and perhaps has other
duties; and by a policy foreign to the policy of
our country, he not only audits the accounts of
the State Department, but he also, I am informed,
audits his own accounts. I do not say that they
are not fairly audited, for they are. But, sir, Mr.
Pleasonton cannot live forever.
A Member. He does not audit his own ac-
counts.
Mr. EVANS. I understand, that by a cour-
tesy, they are sent over to another Bureau; but I
have heard that, by another courtesy, they are not
examined there as other accounts are. [Laughter.]
I repeat, that I do not mean to cast any reflection
upon Mr.Pleasonton; but I do not think he is the
proper man to manage our light-house system.
