576
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 17.
stent and the Congress of the United States, for the]("gener-
ous patronage they had s > kindly granted to me as the
Uumbie representative of my country, from the time when
they had sent a steam frigate to Asia, in order to restore me
to liberty and activity, to the moment when the august Sen-
ate and House and the President bade nie welcome in the
Capitol and in the White House.
Not initiated into the diplomatic forms of the United (
States, I respectfully directed my farewell to his Excellen- i
cy the President, and requested him to communicate my j
assurance of everlasting gratitude to the Senate and the j
House of Representatives.
The Secretary of State had sinee the great kindness to j
inform me, though hid letter has reachcd me but recently, !
tiiat my request in respect to the communication would have
been gladly complied with, if it were consistent with the
^accepted terms; and he suggested it to mc, as a more ap-
propriate way, to send copies of my address to the Presi-
dents of the Senate and of the House.
It is upon this suggestion of the Secretary of State that X
have now the great honor to inclose the feeble expression of
my everlasting gratitude and hope, with the request to have
it communicated to the august body of which you are the
President.
Mr. President of the Senate, your most humble and de-
vout servant, L.KOSSUTH.
The PRESIDENT, The communication ad-
dressed to the President of the United States was
inclosed in that address to me. Does the Senate
desire that communication to be read ?
Mr. DOWNiJ. Yea; i wish to hear it read.
Several Senators. Oh, no I
The PRESIDENT. Not being addressed to
the Senate, it is for the Senate to determine. It
cannot be read unless such is the pleasure of the
Senate.
There being no objection, it was read, as fol-
lows:
Washington City, Januaiy 12, 1852.
President : The mo^t geuerous invitation contained in
an act of the Congress of tlie United States, appioved and
officially Transmitted to me by your Excellency, having af
lorded me the distinguished honor «f being acceptably pre-
sented, by the iihi tnou-> Sectary of State, to the Cuief
Magistrate of the Republic:
Having been, upon subsequent resolutions of Con^s «■> n>,
received with almost nnpiecedeuted honors, by the .Senate
and by the House of Repi-ChCiitaiive-j:
Having been entertained with tuwurpaspod kuni/i.'.-s by
the Senator and Representative* of the I'mted States,
obliged with courtesies far excelling my aspiiatiori* by the
head'* of' the vamms departments oi the Executive (iovoia-
inent, and lavoied by mat Its of kind attention and sympa-
thy by the honorable membeis of (Jongiess in numbers
which aimoat cqu.iled the aggregate of the two illustrious
bo.ht;* of thn gieat Republic: The time haj en>ne when
die exigencies of my oountiy's affairs ie<|iur<* me to depart
from tlie city oi Washington, and lulfill the agieeable duty
of acknowledging pm-wnally mat pioteetive s>inpatb>
which many towns, cities, and Slaves, of this glorious Con-
federation, continue to manilot m lavor of the just cau>e
"i my country's downtrodden independence and thetreo-
tiom oi'the Eutope.-u continent, so intimately connected
with it.
This my departure becoming more urgent, a* according
u> the present condition of Fiuvope ovrrymomeut'saceirleiu
may cull on me to answer those dunes vvlneh, in obedient
compliance with my nation's sovereign will i a. s«med,
wlicn a> unanimously elected Governor ot Uk* State ol
liungary, 1 took oath to God and the people to maintain
ui.it national independence which my nation had asserted
iieioieally, and had declared so legitimately, it is a mat-
ter oi deep j egret to me not to be able individually u> fcpres?,
my evcfJa-Uug v\aim gratitude
Hut though my mind be mournfully impressed with in-
consolable guei at the melancholy intelligence connected
with the I'ist momenta ol my staying here, thai the heart of
my b< lot ed and venerable mothei ha-> bioUeti under the re-
newed cruel persecution miheted upon my fmnlv by the
Home ofAiM'i.i, still, X cannot take mydepaiiurtfiom the
earn til without leaving a formal, but sincere, acknowledg-
ment of ail Uio-«e memorable Javurs ao generously bestowed
upon me.
Conscious as I *ri that these honoiswere neither de-
served by, nor intended to me per-onally, who, an humble
exih*, never could consent to see niyselt aggrandized while
my countiy lies in rum and m chains, 1 have then all tlie
more thankful)) received as manifestations of the respect
tor the everlasting principles of national law, and of the
lively sympathy winch tin-? great and generous country en-
tertains for my beloved and nevei tor a moment to be forgot-
ten fatherland, now a tempoiary victim of the violation of
those principles.
The oppressed nations of the European Continent, eo
highly interested in those principles, will look with couso-
tlauou at these memorable favors i was honored with, as
to a practical proof that the Chief Magi-trate of this great
Republic was indeed a true interpretei ofna people's senti-
ments, and met with the cordial concurrence of the enlight-
ened legislature ol his glorious country, when he officially
declared that'■ the United States cannot remain indifferent
in a cane iu which the strong arm of a foreign power is in-
voked to suile public sentiment and to oppress the ppint of
ireedoni in any country."
Tins mai$nanunoua declaration, followed by such gener-
ous manifestations, will be recorded in history as a pro-
testation m behalf of the everlasting principles of the law '
of nations against their infraction by violence. And the
millions of my people will revive with hope and confidence '
whwn they shall oome to know what favors were bestowed 1
uptn their exiled chief by the great Republic of thy West, i
iu acknowledgment oi the justice of Hungary's cause. i
in her name, and as her representative, I have received '
them, and they have sunk into the very heart of mv heart —
u; her xiame, and as her representative, I feel the duty of
expressing nfr thanks for them, and desire your Excel-
lency, as well as the Executive officers, the Senate, and
I the House of Representatives, collectively and individually,
I to receive tlie assurances of my and my country's eternal
; gratitude.
Sad and solemn is the hour of parting from a presence so
i consoling and so august; but I cariy with ine,in my further
II wandering, the hope that the United States will continue
ji kindly to remember always my unhappy* but most well-
Si deservingfatberlaud.,
|l Neither* the pangs of exile, nor the egotism of my pa*
| triotic feelings, or the interests of all those nations whose
ji common rights and wrongs I plead before the mighty tribu-
!| nal ofpublicity, will ever induce me to desire that the Uiu-
] i ted States should for our sake put in jeopardy the own wel-
■ \ fare and prosperity of this glorious home of hbeity; but as
h the present condition of Europe, and the coming events in
l! that Continent, which cast already their shadows before
'! them, cannot fail to attract the attention and invite the eon •
i s.ideration of such a Power on earth as the United States
i| are, \ cannot forbear to hope that the very consciousness
' of that security which the United States enjoy, while the
■ ! greatest part of Europe quakes, will but moie impress upon
>\ their true republican generosity the sentiments of supreme
I j uigcncy, to pronounce m respect to the law ol nations and
!: international duties and rights-, as aNo in respect to the un-
'! disturbed safety of commercial intercourse in favor of such
!j principles which, founded upon the law of nature and of
j! nature's God, are equally consistent with the fundamental
I; principles of this great Republic, and indispensable to peace
lj and contentment on earth.
l! Humanity would hail such a pronunciation from such a
i1 place with *iiK*.\pr<4vible joy j and as it was the violation of
' these principles by armed foreign interference in Hungary
which opened the door to a system of overwhelming des-
potism on the European continent, the very fact that Hun-
gary, forced by the nio«t treacherous oppression ever seen
iu the history or' mankind, has, m declaring its independ-
ence, but extrciscd that right and followed that principle
upon which *tand to gloiiously the very political existence'
of the United Slates, and the iact that this legitimate inde-
pendence was overthrown by the most cruel violation of
international laws, makes me confidently hope that "tlie
deep interest winch the people of tlie United .States feel in
|, the spread of liberal principles, and the establishment ot
}! tree Governments—-the warm sympathy with which it wit
Ji nesse; every struggle against oppression," a-* well as its
| profound sentiment of justice, and its coii^enii! generoNity,
j will become a source of such consolation to my native land
j' a. t'.e .-.upr.'me constitutional authorities ot thisglouous
, Republic will, in then wisdom, deem con.sis.tent with the
Ii paramount duties towards their own countiy* welfare and
i! prosperity.
ii It is with these sentiments of hope and thank* that ] beg
i] leave to reiterate tlie assurance of my everlasting respect
ij and gratitude, and humbly cntieat your Excellency to be
ii plen-ed to communicate tins my respectful farewell to the
II Senate and House of Representatives.
i; Mr. Preach nt, your Excellency's most humble and obc-
j; dient servant, L. KOSSUTH.
Mr. BADGER. As tJiespcommunications have
been rend,.and as we have all listened to them with
extreme attention, and are possessed of their in-
teresting and valuable contents, unless my friends
from Michigan,[Mr.Cass,] Illinois,[Mr. Shields,]
and New York, [Mr. Seward,] one or all of them,
desire some reference of them, I will submit the
motion that they he on the tabic.
The mo'ion was agreed to.
Mr. CHASE. I move that they be printed.
Mr. BADGER. 1 suppose that goc.i to the
Committee on Printing;.
The PRESIDENT. It goes to the Committee
on Printing.
Mr. BORLAND. I hope the Senator then will
withdraw his motion, for 1 have no wish to re-
port upon the question.
The motion was not withdrawn.
PETITIONS,
Mr. BADGER presented a memorial of R.
Rogers, a memorial of Thomas R. Glenn, a me-
morial of Corday Y. Savage, and a memorial of
W. R. Savjlle, assistant marshals for taking the
Seventh Census, m North Carolina, praying ad-
ditional compensation, which were referred to the
Committee of Claims.
Mr. HAMLIN presented a memorial of assist-
ant marshals for taking the Seventh Census in
Hancock county, Maine, praying additional coin-
penftition; which way referred to the Committee
of Claims.
Mr. "VVADE presented six memorials of assist-
ant marshals fo*' taking the Seventh Census in
Ohio, praying additional compensation; which
were referred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. SUMNER presented the petition of Seth
Sprague and others, members of a company of
" Sea Fencibleh," during the last war with Great
Britain, praying remuneiation for money expend-
ed and aervjcea rendered in the defence of their
country, which was referred to the Committee of
Claims.
Mr. RUSK! presented the memorial of William
W. Cox, praying compensation for services as
messenger in the office of the Sixth Auditor;
which was referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. DAVIS presented a petition of inhabitants
of Stockbridg-e, Massachusetts, praying the adop-
tion of measures for the amicable adjustment- of
international controversies; which was referred to
the Committee ori Foreign Relations.
Mr. UNDERWOOD, for his colleague, [Mr.
Clay,] to whom it had been transmitted, presented
a petition of citizens of Cedarville, Ohio, pray-
ing the recognition of the independence of Libe-
ria, and the establishment of a line of mad steam-
ers between the United States and that Republic;
which was referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
Mr. CASS presented a petition of citizens of
Iowa, praying the adoption of measures to prevent
any further interference by Russia in the struggle
of the people of Hungary for liberty; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. Gr WIN, it was
Ordered, That the petition of petty officers and seamen
on boaid tlie UmtedStates steamer Missouri, at the time of
he/ destruction at Gibraltar, on the files of the Senate, be
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
On motion by Mr. MrRAE, it was
Ch6erei) That the petition of Richard Elevard, on the
file* of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on tlie
Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. GEYER moved .that the petition and pa-
pers of John Chalmers be withdrawn from the
files of the Senate, for the purpose of presenting
them to the House of .Representatives.
The PRESIDENT. Has there been a report
in that case?
Mr. GEYER. An adverse report was made
in 1841, in which I learn that the Senate concurred.
The object in withdrawing these papers, is to pre-
sent them to the House of Representatives.
The PRESIDENT. The Senate having con-
curred in the adverse report, these papers, under
the rule, cannot be withdrawn.
Mr. GEYER. Such was my impression, but
I learn from the Secretary that as they are not
to be withdrawn for use in.the Senate, out in the
House of Representatives, they may be withdrawn
for presentation to that body.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will read the
rule, and leave it to the Senate to say whether it
embraces the object of the Senator from Missouri.
His proposition is to withdraw those papers, upon
which an adverse report was made and concurred
in by the Senate, with the view to have them pre-
sented to the House of Representatives. The rule
is in these words:
'£Whene\ei aclairuis presented to the Henate arid referred
to a committee, and the committee report that the claim
ought not to he allowed, and the report be adopted hy the
Senate, it shall not be in order to move to take the papers
from the files for the pmpose of referring them at a dubse-
quent scavion, unless the claimants s-hail present a memo-
rial lor that purpose, stating in what manner the committee
have eircrt m then rep >rt, or that new evidence has been
discovered since the report, and setting forth the new evi-
dence in the tnemotial: Provided, That this rule ssliall not
extend to any case where an adverse report, not in writing,
shall have been made prior to the25th January, X842."
The object of the rule, as established, was, in
the opinion of the Chair, to prevent papers from
being withdrawn when an adverse report was
made and concurred iu, unless additional testimo-
ny was presented, or satisfactory evidence given
to show that the committee had erred in the re-
port. The Senator is under the impression that it
refers only to cases which it is proposed to pre-
sent to the Senate again. The Chair will leave it
to the Senate to say whether that was the object
or not.
The Senate decided that the rule precluded the
withdrawal asked for by the Senator from Mis-
souri.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
On motion by Mr. SHIELDS, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Military Affairs be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the following sub-
jects :
Report of the Seeretam of War in relation to the execu-
tion of the act to found IHnilitary asylum for the relief and
support of invalid and disabled soldiers of the United States
Army.
Memorial of John Owen, presented the 16th February.
1852. "
Memonal of the heirs of Ware S. May, presented the lCfh
February. 1852.
On motion by Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, it
was
