THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $3 FOR THIS SESSION.
32d Congress, 1st Session.
FRIDAY, AUGUST 27, 1852.
Nf.w Series No 148.
The Speaker then counted the House, and re-
ported that there were 140 members present, and
consequently a quorum.
Mr. LETCHER. Is it in order to move to
adjourn ?
The SPEAKER. It is not. The question is
upon the adoption of the amendment.
Mr. PHELPS. I rise to a question of order.
I submitted amotionto lay the bill upon the table,
and the Speaker now states that the question is
upon the amendment.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman insists upon
that motion, it is in order.
Mr. BROOKS. I ask for the yeas and nays
upon that motion.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. MASON. Is it in order to move that the
House adjourn ?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. BROOKS. Then I make that motion.
Mr. TAYLOR. I wish to know if it is in or-
der for a gentleman to submit two motions to ad-
journ successively, and then embarrass the House
by factious proceedings ?
Mr. GOODENOW. I hope it will be voted
down.
Mr. ORR. The gentleman from New York
[Mr. Brooks] has delayed the House for half an
hour.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Taylor] will recollect that the gentleman
from Missouri [Mr. Phelps] made a motion to
lay the bill upon the table, and the yeas and nays
were called upon it, and upon that a division of
the House has been had.
If the House would only preserve better order,
we should be able to understand what is going on,
but that is impossible amid the present confus-
ion.
The question was then taken on the motion to
adjourn, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. BROOKS. I ask the Chair if I have not a
right to call for a division?
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
gentleman has not, unless he demands it at the
proper time. The Chair has announced the result,
but he hopes the gentleman will be indulged to call
for a division.
[Cries of " Too late!" " Too late!"]
Mr. BROOKS. I appeal from the decision of
the Chair.
Mr. EDGERTON. I move to lay the appeal
upon the table.
Mr. BROOKS. I want to state my point of
order.
Mr. CARTTER. I call the gentleman to order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has a right
to state his point of order, but he must confine
himself strictly to it.
Mr. BROOKS. I called loudly for a division
upon the motion to adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The Chair may have an-
nounced the vote unusually quick, but the gen-
tleman did not call for a division until after the
announcement was made.
Mr. BROOKS. Several gentlemen around me
heard me call for a division. I do not wish to be
factious, but I desire a full House upon so im-
portant a vote.
[Cries of " Order!" " Order!"]
Mr. BROOKS. The point of order 
[Cries of "Order!" "Order!" "Order1"]
Mr. STUART. I call the gentleman to order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will endeavor to
confine the gentleman to the statement of the point
of order, under the rule.
Mr. BROOKS. The point of order is, that I
called in time, both for a division and for tellers,
upon the question of adjournment. The Chair
has decided against me, and from that decision I
appeal.
The SPEAKER.. That is a fair statement of
the question.
Mr. HENN. I would inquire if the gentleman
rose in his seat and made the call?
Mr. CARTTER. No, he did not.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
148
Mr. STUART. I move to lay the appeal upon
the table.
Mr. BROOKS demanded tellers upon the mo-
tion; which were not ordered.
Mr. BROOKS. I now move that the House
adjourn, and upon that I call for a division first.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman moves that
the House adjourn while an appeal is pending, on
which, if the Chair wasdecideu against, the House
would be compelled to adjourn. The Chair will
entertain the motion to adjourn.
The question was then taken on the motion to
adjourn, and there were, upon a division—ayes 39,
noes 86. Before the result was announced,
Mr. BROOKS called for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
The question was then taken byyeas and nays;
and there were—yeas 44, noes 81, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Charles Allen, Ashe, Averett, Babeock,
Thomas II. Baj'ly, Bocock, Breckmridgc, Brenton, Briggs,
Brooks, Albert G. Brown, Ooleoek, John G. Davis, Ditn-
mick, Fickhn, Floyd, Gaylou], Hall, Hamilton, I.sham 0.
Iluiria, Sampson W. Harris, Hart, Ilolladay, Jackson, J no.
Johnson, Letcher, Mason, McMullin, McQueen, Meade,
Millson, Miner, Morehead, Miuphy, Penn, Powell, Bob-
bins, Ross, UaviUL. Seymour, Skelton, Benjamin Stanton,
Strothcr, Walsh, and Wilduck—44.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Barrere, Bennett, Bibiijliaus,
Bowie, Bowne, John IX. Boyd, George II. Brown, K.Cai-
rington Cabell, Caldwell, Thompson Campbell, Carttrr,
Caskie, Chandler, Chaplain, Clark, Cobb, Conger, Curtis,
Geo. T. Davis, Dean, Duncan, Eastman,Edgerton, Kvans,
Faulkner, Florence, Fowler, Henry M. Fuller, Goode-
now, Goodrich, Green, Hammond, Harper, Haws. Ilaseail,
Havun, llebard, Ilerm, Houston, Howard, J. W. Howe,
Thomas M. Howe, Thomas Y. How, Jenkins, A^|rcw
Johnson,It. W. Johnson, J. G. Jonex, Geo. G. King, Preston
King, Landry, Mann, McNair, II.D Moore, Mutray, Oir,
Outlaw, Andrew Parker, Penmman, Perkins, Potter,
Price, Reed, ltobie, Saekett, Sehermerliorn, Schoolcraft,
Schoonmaker, Scudder, Stanly, Stuatt, Sutherland,Sweet-
ser, Taylor, Thompson,Townshend, Venable, Walbiidge,
Washburn, Watkms, Wells, and Woodward—81.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The pending' question is on
the appeal from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. BROOKS. I withdraw the appeal.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. It is apparent
that we can do nothing now. There are twenty-
five amendments to be acted upon, and it is in the
power of the House to call the yeas and naysupon
every one of them. I move this House adjourn.
Mr. DUNCAN. There is only one amend-
ment.
Mr. JOHNSON. Is there, Mr. Speaker, but
one amendment1*
The SPEAKER. Only one.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then 1 have been egregiously
misinformed. I withdraw the motion. [Laugh-
ter.]
The question was then taken on the motion to
lay the bill upon the table; and it was not agreed to.
The question was then taken upon the adop-
tion of the amendment; and there were—yeas 70,
nays 50; as follows:
YRAS—Messrs. Allison, Barrere, Bennett, Bibighaus,
Bowie, Bowne, John H. Boyd, George II. Brown, E. Car-
nngton Cabell, Joseph Cable,Caldwell, Caittcr, Chandler,
Cha^ain, Conner, George T. Davis, Dimnnck, Duncan,
Eastman, Edgerton, Evans, Faulkner, Fickhn, Florence,
Fowler, Henry M. Fuller, Gaylord, Goodenow, Goodrich,
Green, Haws, Ilaseail, Haven, Hebard, Ilenn, Howard,
John W. Howe, Thomas M. Howe, Thomas Y. How,
Andrew Johnson, Robert W. Johnson. Landry, Miner,
Molony, Henry I). Moore, Morehead, Murray, Perkin--,
Portui, Price, Bobbins, Sackett, Scheimerhoin, School-
craft, Schoonmaker, Sundder, Stanly, Benjamin Stanton,
Sutherland, Sweetser, Tajlor, Thompson, Thurston,
Townshend, Venable, Walbiidge, Washburn, and Wat-
kins—70.
NAYS—Messrs. Chailes Allen, Ashe, Aveiett, Babcook,
Thomas H. Bayly, Bocock, Bragg, Breckinridge, Brenton,
Briggs, Brooks, Albert G. Brown, Caskie, Clark. Cobb,
Cofcoek, J. G. Davis, Floyd, Hall, Harper, I. G. Harris,
Holladay, Houston, Jenkins, J. Glancy Jones, George G.
King, Preston King, Letcher, Mace, Mann, Mason, Mc-
Mullin, McNair, McQueen, Meade, Millson, Orr, Andrew
Parker, Penniman, Powell, Reed, Ross, David L. Sey-
mour, Skelton, St. Martin, Strother, Stuart, Walsh. Wells,
and Wildnck—50.
So the amendment was agreed to. Pending the
call,
Mr. PHELPS said: I have paired off upon this
question with my colleague, Mr. Miller. Heis
in favor of the amendment, and I am opposed to it.
Mr. DUNCAN. I move to reconsider the vote
just taken, and to lay the motion to reconsider
upon the table.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I move the House
adjourn.
The question was taken, and there were, upon
a division—ayes 36, noes 75.
Mi*. STUART asked for tellers upon the mo-
tion to adjourn; which were ordered; and Messrs.
Bkkckinridge and Robbins were appointed.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. If we now adjourn,
what becomes of the bill ?
The SPEAKER. It will be before the House
after the expiration of the morning; hour, to-mor-
row.
The question was then taken on the motion to
adjourn; and the tellers reported—-ayes 57, noes 18.
So the House adjourned until to-morrow at
eleven o 'clock.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, August 26, 1852.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by the Rev. C. M. Butler.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
A message was received from the Senate at the
hands of Asbury Dickixs, its Secretary, inform-
ing the House that the Senate had passed a bill
of the House entitled " An act to provide for the
execution of the public printing:, and establishing
the prices thereof, and for other purposes."
The SPEAKER. The fust business in order
is the receiving; of reports from the Committee on
the Post Office and Po.«t lload«t.
On motion by Mr. CARTTER, by unanimous
consent, it was
Ordered. That the Committee on Patents be dif-cliaigod
fiom the fuitlM'i coiiMfleiation of the pennon m' John l«.
It.un-.cy, a 111E that the *auic be refcrmito the (Joilmiittec (in
Military A flints.
MAIL FROM NEW ORLEANS TO VERA CRUZ.
Mr. PENN, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, reported back to the
House, without amendment, Senate bill No. 19],
entitled " An act to provide for a tri-monthly mail
from New Orleans to Vera Cruz, via Tnmpico, and
back ill steam vessels."
Mr. ST. MARTIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise for
the purpose of expressing the hope that the House
will so far indulge me as to take up this bill now,
and put it upon its passage. It is not likely to
meet with any opposition, and its consideration,
therefore, will not consume more than five minutes
of the time of this House.
Sir, I trust I shall be pardoned for pressing the
passage of this bill. It is a measure of deep and
vital importance not only to the State which I have
the honor 111 part to represent, and to the whole
Mississippi valley, but to the commerce of the
whole country; for it is as much the interest of
the North and the East to throw open the best
market in the world for then- manufactures as it
is that of the South and the West to seek in re-
turn for their agricultural products the bullion ex-
tracted from the wealthy mines of Mexico. _ it is
a strange fact, sir, that we have now less inter-
course with Mexico—a Republic m our immediate
vicinity—than we have with the Empire of China.
And what has been the consequence of this care-
lessness on our part5 Why, sir, our commerce
with Mexico, which, ill 1835, amounted, accord-
in"- to the returns of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, to nearly $30,000,000, in exports and imports,
is now reduced to less than §3,000,000. The
immense trade of that country has been diverted
from its natural channel, and is now completely
monopolized by Gieat Britain. Besides, sir, look-
ing at this question in a moral point of view, is it
no! our wish as well as it is oui interest to culti-
vate and strengthen, by frequent intercourse, those
kind and friendly relations which ought always to
exist between the two Republics? Is it not a
moral obligation on our part to spread over the
whole American continent republican ideas and
republican institutions, and to teach our neighbors
by the force of our example how to enjoy the
blessings of a free and republican Government ?
