1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
579
should be computed by the "most usual road,"
although it was double the amount they received
at the first session of that Congress, which amount
had been fixed at their own request. The short
mileage, for which they were so solicitous during
the first session, had probably been made to an-
swer its purpose—they could see no personal rea-
son for its continuance. They urged the increase
because the law allowed it them; and the law does
allow it. Their then reason in their own case, is
a strong one in favor of this bill, and refutes their
opposition to it. Tn this case I grant that a spe-
cial law applies to the Delegate from Oregon, The
gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Toombs] urged that
the Delegate was elected under that law, and
therefore that he ought to be allowed only the
mileage specified in it. But the Delegate knew
not that the law was in force. He knew only
that his predecessor had drawn mileage under an-
other law, and that he received a much greater
amount than that which the special law, which wc
are now endeavoring to repeal, would have given
him. He knew that, and expected the same in his
case. But this special law meets the committee in
the face, and they cannot give him the mileage to
which the law entitles the Representatives from
California, and every other member upon this
floor. I have said, and permit me to repeat it
again, that I am not the advocate of the law of
1818, and I trust that gentlemen will see that the
proposition which has just been lost has nothing
whatever to do with the desired modification of
that law. It is simply a question of justice be-
tween us and one of our associates upon this floor.
Will you continue the law thus discriminating
against him ? Although that law was in force
when he was elected, I am convinced the Delegate
from Oregon did not know or believe that it was.
Will you continueit inforce against him to hispre-
judice? I will say, injustice to him, that he cares
little for the amount involved in dollars and cents,
but much for the principle of discrimination against
himself. Will you continue it.&nd thereby de-
clare to the world your intention to reform at the
expense of a single member ? Or will you, by its
repeal, put him upon an equal footing with the rest
of us, and then walk up to the support of a bill
which will be reported from the Committee on
Mileage, equalizing the mileage of all?
[Here a message was received from the Senate,
at the hands of Asbury Dickins, their Secretary.]
Mr. SWEETSER, (interrupting.) I am in-
duced to ask my friend from Indiana [Mr. Pitch]
to yield the floor a moment, in order that there
may be no misunderstanding in relation to the al-
lusions made by him. It will be recollected that
I served with my friend from Indiana [Mr. Pitch]
during the first session of the last Congress, upon
the Committee on Mileage. I had the honor to
submit to this House and advocate a resolution
for the purpose of instructing that committee to
compute the mileage upon the nearest mail route,
where there were public conveyances. That res-
olution met with the fate of all the other proposi-
tions I had the honor to introduce and advocate
upon this floor, to reduce mileage, and it was laid
upon the table. And at the last session of the
last Congress, I was inquired of by a gentleman,
whether it would be agreeable to me if I were left
off from that Committee on Mileage, knowing it
■came from the Speaker? Feeling that I "had done
my duty faithfully upon that question, I answered
no, it would not. I then made up my mind that
all efforts in the House of Representatives to re-
form this—as I consider it—evil, in my judgment
would be utterly useless, and 1 made up my mind
never to raise my voice again, while I should have
the honor of a seat upon this floor, in favor of
fixing this question upon some equitable basis. I
think the only remedy to be hoped for js with the
people. I dii not act upon that committee during
the last session of the last Congress, and 1 now ;■
desire to say to the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. i'
Fitcii,] and to the country, that my mileage was ji
computed precisely the same as I had the honor 1
to compute it at the previous session; and I sub- !;
mit to the gentleman whether he will not exonerate :
me from the suggestion which he has made ? i
Mr. FITCH. Certainly I do. I made no al- !j
lusion to ray friend, [Mr. Swektser.] As to the jj
difference which may or may not exist between jj
his mileage at the second session, I do not allude j|
to it, because I do not know. I refer to the mat- !l
ter in general terms. li
Mr. SWEETSER. At this session the chair-
man of the Committee on Mileage addressed a
circular to me, following the precedent set by that
committee during the last Congress. I answered
him by referring to the statement I had made at
the first session of the last Congress, in order that
I might be perfectly right upon the question. 1
know perfectly well, that the point the gentleman
makes here will tell upon some gentlemen in this
House, and I have no objection that it should. I
do not'know who they are. I desire to be under-
stood at this and at all times in relation to this
question, so far as 1 am concerned, that 1 have no
change to make, in this or m any other Congress.
1 believe there should be some equitable arrange-
! ment made in relation to the question of mileage.
I regret that I have taken any part m opposing
the measure for the relief of the honorable gentle-
man from Oregon. I entertain for thatgentleman
the most kind feelings, and would be glad to do
him any act of kindness in my power, but I can-
not vote to increase his mileage. I return my
thanks to my friend [Mr. Fitch] for permitting
me to make this explanation.
Mr. FITCH. A difference in several cases will
be found between the reports of the Committee on
Mileage for the first and second sessions of the
last Congress. A part of these changes were of a
limited character, and appeared to be rendered ne-
cessary because of information which was ob-
tained by the committee, either with or without
inquiry, of errors in previous reports. The state-
ments of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Sweetser]
may be correct for aught I know to the contrary.
In his case I do not know what action was had.
I have already remarked that 1 will not designate
the individuals, if any now have the honor of hold-
ing a seat upon this floor, who chose to pursue
the course 1 have alluded to in asking changes of
their mileage, because the reports themselves will
show who they weie.
The gentleman from Ohio last up said that if he
could reconcile it to his sense of duty to vote for
the hill to extend the same rights of mileage to the
Delegate from Oregon accruing to others under the
law of 1818, he would cheerfully do so. If it is
wrong to extend it to this Delegate, it was wrong
to extend it to his predecessor. There were no
objections made then. There was not a voice raised
in opposition when it was proposed to give him
the mileage lie drew, and which was much greater
than the amount which, under the existing law,
the present Delegate will obtain. The cconomy
advocated by the opponents of the bill under dis-
cussion manifests itself at the expense of only one '
of the two hundred and thirty occupying a seat
upon this floor. We propose to take from him a •
small sum to which, under the law governing the i
mileage of the rest of us, he would be entitled. |
Cannot the economical hawks of the House strike ;
at better game than that? at sums of greater mag-!
nitude ? They should not stoop to an amount like j
this, and especially when it is to be obtained from |
one man only, and at the expense of the violation 1
of a principle which is left operative in the case of ,
every other member. The proposition is merely !,
to give to him the benefit of the provisions of the 'I
same law which extends to the rest of us. I '!
should be pleased, sir, if these or any remarks I .
could submit would have an)r ellect whatever in i:
persuading members to do justice in the case.
Mr. STAUNTON, of Ohio. I would inquire of
the gentleman, what was the action of the House 1
with relation to the mileage of the Delegate from
Oregon at the last session ; I have never seen it. ,
Mr. FITCH. The provision in reference to the ;
Delegate from Oregon and Representatives from :
California, was put into a certain appropriation !
bill, extending, of course, by the construction usu- j
ally given to such bills, to that year only. I3y and i
under such provision, he drew mileage by the over- ;
land loute. Any amendment to the annual appro- ;
priation bill is construed to expire with the expi- i
ration of the year for which the appropriation was
provided. Of course, then, the amendment to j
which 1 have referred in relation to the Delegate ,j
from Oregon expired with the termination of that ji
fiscal year, and of us benefit his successor cannot ;
avail himself. We propose now merely to make
that provision continuous, which in the case of the ,
previous Delegate was limited to one year, or at. ;
least to make it continue until the law of 18X8 shall ;
be remodeled.
Mr. McMULLIN. 1 happened not to be pros- '•
jj ent when the vote was taken upon the bill now
|. under consideration, in reference to which there is
jj now pending a motion to reconsider. It is a mat-
;j ter of great regret that Congress should be annoyed
t session after session upon this question. There
! has not, I believe, been a session for the last ten
t years but what members have been annoyed by
| the subject of mileage. What do gentlemen ex-
j pect to eflect by it? Do certain gentlemen mean
j to make capital for Buncombe, or do they desire
j in good faith to equalize the pay of the members
j of Congress. The time of that committee could
> not be better occupied than by taking under con-
: sideration this subject of mileage, and bringing in
a bill to equalize the pny of members of Congress.
But in reference to the question now before the
House, I must be permitted to say that the distin-
guished Delegate for whose especial benefit it is in-
tended to provide, must have known full well the
action of Congress when he became a candidate
foi a seat upon this floor. It is my misfortune, in
common with others, not to be versed in constitu-
tional law, or upon legal questions generally. I
confess 1 thought that the act of the last Congress
was to he general. I had supposed that the action
of the last Congress was to be final and that that
would be an end of this question. In that opinion
it appears, however, that I was mistaken. The
time of this House has been occupied some two
or three days upon the matter of mileage. It is
utterly impossible for the existing law regulating
the mileage to opeiate justly and equitably. I
could single out individuals here and show the in-
equality of this law. I could take the honorable
gentleman from Tennessee and two of his col-
leagues, [Mr. Johnson and Mr. Watkiks,] who,
with myself, come here, traveling a distance of
some four hundred or five hundred miles, which
requires four or five days to make the trip; while
there are other members who come more than
double the distance m less time and receive double
the mileage that either of us receive; yet we are not
disposed to complain. I am not complaining; but
it is those who have chosen to leave the States and
to emigrate to Oregon and California and else-
where. It is the good fortune of those gentlemen
to be so remotely situated from the seat of Govern-
ment. The amount that can be saved from the
mileage will settle them advantageously upon the
Jandsof the Government. They can make valua-
ble settlements there. I ask you, Mr. Speaker,
if it is proper, right, or just—if gentlemen desire
to deal out even-handed justice to each man of the
House—that one member shall receive a small for-
tune by way of mileage and per diem, and another
get an inconsiderable sum? Can you do justice
under the existing law regulating mileage? I say
you cannot. What was the state of the country
at the passage of the mileage law compared to
what it is at the present day ? Why, then mem-
bers of Congress traveled here upon horseback;
and now we have the advantages of the railroad,
steamboat, and other conveniences; and hence at
that time the law operated more equitably than it
does at present. I concur fully with the views of *
the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Fvvvs.] If *
1 understand that gentleman correctly, he proposed
an amendment to this bill to give to members of
Congress a fixed compensation. I would not
stand up here and tell my constituents that I
would refuse to pay a member of Congress just and
ample compensation. No, sir, I would not act the
demagogue in any such way. The pay of mem-
bers of Congress is little enough; and f say now,
if the Committee on Mileage will take this mat-
ter into considei ation, and introduce a bill to give
a fixed compensation to members—say a salary
of $2,000—1 will go for it, although 1 have been
informed that members who voted for such a law
some years ago were not returned again. If such
a vote as that will gain the displeasure of my con-
stituents, the sooner my political race is run the
better. I represent no such people. I say that
it is not only important to members of Congress,
but it is important to the public business of the
country, that you should mnke the pay of mem-
bers of Congress equal, as far as it is practica-
ble to do so. I shall vote against the reconsider-
ation of the bill. If the bill is reconsidered, I
shall vote against it: because, sir, I hold that the
distinguished gentleman from Oregon, for whose
especial benefit this hill is passed, has no right to
complain of my vote; for when he was elected to
a seat upon this floor, ha should have inferred
