1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
23do
paid by tlie transportation of the mail as it has
fallen due. When we look a little into the his-
tory of the law in regard to railroad iron, I flatter
myself that gentlemen will not be disposed hereto
oppose this biih because I assert the fact that there
has never been the first dollar granted in the way
of favors by the legislation of this Government to
the planters of South or North Carolina, unless it
be by the little indulgence given to the Wilming-
ton Railroad Company two years ago, while the
main arteries of northern communication were
all constructed during the existence of laws which
entirely repealed duty upon railroad iron. In
1832, the duties upon railroad iron were repealed.
In 1836, the duties which had been paid to Ken-
tucky and Ohio railroads were refunded to them,
upon the ground that they were to be made equal
with those having the benefits of the law passed
in April, 1832.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Does not
the gentleman know that the railroad companies
who made their roads while that law was in exist-
ence, paid nearly double the price which railroad
iron now costs?
Mr. Mc&UEEN' I am not able to answer the
question as to the precise amount of the prices of
iron, but I t^ll the gentleman this, that although
iron may have cost more than now, it will always
diminish in price as a greater number of men
engage in its manufacture; but that does not jus-
tify, in my opinion, an act imposing a duty of
thirty per cent, upon the cotton-planters of the
South, for the benefit of the iron manufacturers of
the North, when they have been obliged, often,
to sell their cotton for less than half the price they
formerly got for it. The duty was refunded, m
1838, to the New York and Harlem Railroad Com-
pany—actually paid out of the Treasury, by special
act of Congress. In the same year, the duty was
refunded to the Baltimore and Susquehanna Rail-
road Company, and by the same act the duty on
fastenings and spikes, even, was repealed, and the
duty on them formerly paid by the Georgia Rail-
road Company refunded. In 1839 the duty was re-
funded to the Philadelphia, Wilmington, and Balti-
more Railroad Company. In 1842all iron for rail-
roads was allowed to be imported freeof duty, until
March, 1843, and then a duty imposed upon it,
and in this interval, all the roaus which were built,
as I maintain, (except one which was built in
South Carolina, for which the company never
asked a refunding of the duty,) were allowed to
have their iron free of duty. In 1838, an act was
passed allowing C. Day & Co. to import steam-
ships, even, free of duty. These are facts, com-
prising the history of the legislation of the country
upon railroad iron, as will appear upon the statute-
books of Congress. We do not ask, in this in-
stance, one dollar out of the Treasury; we do not
propose here to procure legislation by which we
shall put one farthing in our pockets. I presume
not a man of the planters, who are interested in
this railroad, have had, directly or indirectly, a
dollar out of the Treasury. I will go further, and
express the opinion that not a man in my Con-
gressional district has ever had a dollar of money
in his pocket out of the Treasury, as a bonus.
We know this Government for its taxes. We
have not asked for its bounties, nor do I ask for
its moneys or its lands. I am asked, what is the
length of the road? It is one hundred and sixty
miles long, and about sixty miles of it are already
built and the cars running upon it, and it is rapidly
progressing towards completion, at both ends. 1
have been asked this summer, by gentlemen con-
nected with the Post Office Department, how soon
we will fill uu the gap, so that they can put the
great southern mail upon this route, in order to
avoid the dangerous and uncertain sea navigation,
by which it is subject to constant failures.
I am told by the honorable gentleman [Mr.
Penn] who reported this bill from the committee,
that, for several years, while he was connected
with the post office at New Orleans, he was well
satisfied that nine failures out of ten, which
occurred in the great southern mail, resulted on
account of the uncertainty of the sea, to be remedied
by this road. There is no part of the Confederacy
which I do not believe to be somewhat interested
in this bill. It is the direct route for the southern
people who go East and North in the summer. It
is the direct route upon which the northern and
southern mail will be carried.
It is a road as indispensable for northern com-
mercial interests as it is for southern—and it is a
road which will be as much used by the traveler
from the North, as from the South. It is to sup-
ply a link in a chain of travel now so difficult and
hazardous, that I have had more inquiries made
of me by travelers as to the prospect of its com-
pletion, than of any other road within my knowl-
edge. I can assert that the stock in this road has
been largely taken by planters, who have worked
out already the greater part of their subscriptions,
and there is consequently no speculation in it; for
every dollar of the stock is bonajlda taken. So soon
as the mail shall have been put upon it, the pay-
ment of the duty will commence by this act, and as
the Wilmington Company now get $75,000 a year
for its transportation to Charleston, I have no
doubt myself, by the time the indulgence has
passed, every dollar of the duty will have been
paid by mail services. I will say to my Demo-
cratic friends of Pennsylvania, that they need not
vote against this bill on account of any injury
their iron manufacturers will sustain from its pas-
sage, because after an effort to purchase the iron
from them, it has been bought in Belgium, and is
now bonded at the ports of Wilmington and
Charleston, and no deleterious effects can result to
their constituents. The bill has passed the Sen-
ate without opposition, and is reported with the
unanimous approbation of the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads. I have asked no other
favor at the hands of this Congress. I feel a
proper interest in this bill for the planters whom I
represent, and who, as I have said, have never
had and never asked, a dollar from the Treasury;
nor do they in this request, in view of former
legislation of Congress, but a simple act of jus-
tice. It can result in no detriment to the Govern-
ment, because, we are told daily, there are fifteen or
sixteen millions of dollars surplus in the Treasury.
I am asked what will be the aggregate apount
of the duty on this road. As nearly as I can in-
form the House, I presume it will not exceed
$100,000; had I been able to have gotten this bill
before the House at the first of the session, it
might have amounted to $150,000.
From information derived from the president of
the road, I believe, and he confidently hopes, the
mail may be put on it during the ensuing winter,
such is the rapidity with which it is being built.
Mr. MOREHEAD. I will ask my friend at
what point the Wilmington and Manchester road
will intersect the Columbia and Charleston road ?
Mr. McCiUEEN. It will intersect at a point
(Manchester) on the Camden road, about forty
miles above Branchville, which is on the Charles-
ton and Hamburg railroad, and about half way
between the two latter places.
Mr. MOREHEAD. Then it will connect di-
rectly with Charleston?
Mr. McCiUEEN. Yes, sir; and without the
difficulty encountered by those who navigate that
coast at the mouth of Cape Fear river, at which
they often have to wait for tide water in order to
get over the liar; and it is believed will forward
the great southern mail some seven hours earlier
than it c.an be done by steamboat.
Mr. MOREHEAD. I should like to ask my
friend from the Petersburg district a question,
Where the Southside road, intersects the mam
southern line ?
Mr. MEADE. It is a communication directly
from Norfolk to Weldon. By this, communica-
tion, if I understand it, will be directly from Wel-
don to Charleston.
Mr. MOREHEAD. If I understand you cor-
rectly, there is a direct communication by railroad
from Norfolk, Virginia, to Weldon, in North
Carolina. When the route proposed by the gen-
tleman from South Carolina, [Mr. McQ,ueent,]
and under consideration, is completed, that con-
nection will continue directly on to Charleston.
Mr. McQ,UEEN. To New Orleans; making
an unbroken chain of railroad to Montgomery,
Alabama, except thirty miles in Georgia yet to be
completed. I move the previous question.
Mr. COBB. I ask the gentleman from South
Carolina to withdraw the demand for the previous
question, to enable me to offer the following
amendment, to come in at the end of the bill.
Provided, further, That the provisions of this hill be, and
arc hereby extended to the Memph/s and Charleston,
and the Sehna and Gunter's Landing Itaiiroad companies,
running through the State&of Alabama and Mississippi and
Tennessee,
Mr. McdUEEN. I cannot withdraw it. My
objection to theamendment is, that if it is adopted
the bill will have to go back, to the Senate, and
may thus be defeated.
Mr. DANIEL. As I happened to be absent
the other day when the action of the House was
had upon the Raleigh and Gaston Railroad bill, I
ask my friend from South Carolina to withdraw
the demand for the previous question, that I may
offer it as an amendment to this bill.
Mr. McQUEEN. It is very unpleasant to me
to have to refuse my friend from North Carolina,
for whom I have the utmost respect; but as the
morning hour has nearly expired, I must decline
to withtirawthedemand for the previous question.
[Mr. WJLDRICK, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported back, as correctly enrolled,
the following bills, which, thereupon, severally
received the signature of the Speaker, viz:
^ An act granting to the State of Michigan the
right of way and a donation of public lands, for
the construction of a ship canal around the Falls
of St, Mary, in said State;
An act for the relief of John Moore White;
and
An act to provide for executing the public print-
ing and establishing the prices thereof, and for
other purposes.]
The question now being upon seconding the
demand for the previous question,
Mr. JOHN W. HOWE moved that the bill be
laid upon the table.
Mr. STEVEN'S, of Pennsylvania. I call for
the yeas and nays, and I ask for tellers upon the
yeas and nays.
Mr. Mc&UEEN. Will it be competent for
me, at this period, to withdraw the demand for
the previous question, and make a motion to com-
mit the bill ?
The SPEAKER. The motion to lay the bill
upon the table takes precedence ofsucl* a motion.
Tellers were ordered on the yeas and nays; and
Messrs. Stevens, of Pennsylvania, and Molony
were appointed.
The House was then divided, and the tellers
reported only 25 in the affirmative.
So the yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was then put upon Mr. Howe's
motion; and it was decided in the negative.
So the House refused to lay the bill upon the
table.
The question recurring upon the demand for
the previous question, it was put, and the previous
question received a second.
The main question was ordered to be put.
The bill was then ordered to a third reading,
and was subsequently read the third time.
Mr. McQ,UEEN demanded the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. VENAI3LE called for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill; and they were ordered.
[Here a message was received from the Senate
of the United States by the hands of Asbury
Dickins, Esq., its Secretary, announcing that the
Senate had passed sundry bills and joint resolu-
tions.]
The question was then taken upon the passage
of the bill, and there were—yeas 102, nays 65; as
follows:
YftAS~Mes«rs. Aikon, Willis Allen, Ashe, Averett,
Babcock, Thomas 1L Ba>!y, Barrere, Beale, Bissell, Bo-
cock, Bowie, Bowne, Htagg, Breekimidgp, Brings, Brooks,
Albert G. Brown, George II. Brown, K. Camngion Cabell,
Joseph Cable, Caldwell, Thompson Campbell, Car-fcie,
Cburchwdl, Clark, Clmgman, Cobb, Colcock. Conger,
Daniel, Geor c T. Davit,, John G. Davis, Dean, Poekery,
Eastman, Evans, Faulkner, Ficklm, Fitch, Florence. Free-
man, Gentry, Goiman, Hall, Harper, Isham G. Harris,
Sampson YV. Harris, Hart, Haws, Hendricks, Jlenn, Holla
day, Houston, Thomas V. How, Jackson, John Johnson,
Uobeit VV. Johnson, Kuhns, Landry, Lock hart, Mace, Mc-
Corkle, McMullin, McQueen, Miller, Millson, Molony,
John Moore, Morehead, Olds, Orr, Outlaw, Andrew Par-
ker, Penn, Polk, Porter, Powell, Riddle, Itobie. Schermer-
horn, Schoolcraft, Scurry, Smith, Stanly, Frederick P.
Stanton, Abraham P. Stephens, St. Martin, Strother, Stu-
art, Sweetser, Taylor, Thompson, Venable, Wallace,
Ward, Watluns, Welch, Addison White, Alexander
White, Wilcox, Woodward, and Yates—102.
NAYS—Mes^r^. Charles Alien, Allison, William Apple-
ton. Bibighaus, John H. Boyd, Brenton, Buell, Burrows,
Bushy, Lewis I). Campbell, Chandler, Chapman, Dawson,
Dimmiek, Disney, Duncan, Dunham, Edgertop, Fowler,
Henry M. Fuller, Gamble, Gilmore, Goqdonow, Hamilton,
Hammond, Haseall, Haven, Hebaid, Hibbard, Horsford,
John W. Howe, Thomas M. Howe, Ingersoll, fves, Daniel
T.Jones, J. Clancy Jones, George <3. King, Preston King,
Kurtz, Letcher? Martin, McL^nahan, IVJiner, Henry
