580
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb, 17,
that his mileage was not to exceed $2,500, as ,
provided in tile organisation of the Territory of,
Oregon. It was not my purpose to iiave dis- j
cussed the vote I intend to give. My design was I
to bring the debate to a close upon this mileage j
question, which is continually rising up as a
source of annoyance. I will close my remarks,
therefore, by calling for the previous question. \
Several Members. That is not fair. i
Mr. PARKER. I hope the gentleman will
yield to me a moment.
Mr. McMULLIN. I will withdraw my call
for the previous question, as gentlemen seem to
suppose that it was not fair. Or I will retain the
floor, yielding to the gentleman, and intending
after he has concluded, to move to lay the subject
upon the table.
Mr. POLK. There are many gentlemen who
desire to reply to the gentleman's able argument,
and I hopene will yield the floor unconditionally.
Mr. McMOLLIN. At the request of the gen-
tleman, I will do so.
Mr. PARKER, of Indiana. On yesterday,
when this question was first presented, I did not
expect to make a remark. But I do not feel that
it is my duty now to .sit still under the circum-
stances of the case, and allow the vote to be taken
without giving expression to a lew thoughts. I
am satisfied that this legislation for supposed
emergencies in a matter of this kind is wrong.
This is the evil that will always attend us in such
cases until remedied; and it can be remedied only
by general enactment, applicable alike to us as
well as the Delegate from Oregon.
When the organic law of that far-off Territory,
as it was then regarded, was made, we little
dreamed that we should now be legislating ax we
are side bv side with the men of California, of
Utah, and New Mexico. But so it is; here we all
are. And Oregon is with us; bu! she has not
come, she cannot come, like us, unless you pass
this bill.
We have already spent in value time enough of
this House upon this lull, and the existing law in
discussing this question, to much more than cover
the increased compensation that will ever accrue '
from the passage of this bill. And il will be al-
ways so, so Ions as we adopt this kind of local
and special and invidious legislation.* This is all
wrong, it seems to me, for us sitting here as we
do in the attitude of national legislators. There :
is the wrong; and it goes back to that organic law
which established this difficulty. And it has, I j
understand, been haunting us ever since. We
might have expected then what has been the
history of this case since, that whenever your !
appropriation bills come up, the question would
come up about putting the Delegate from Oregon
upon the same footing wuh other members upon
this Hour—'rentni:r lum as the res! of us are treat-
ed; because every heart responds at once and says
it ix right. The true question is not whether the
Delegate deserves less or as much as this bill gives :
him, but it is, Should the rule that governs the
rest of us govern him? It will be always so,
whether we pass tins bill or not, that every honest
mind will say t'uire is no reason for making the
mileage of the Oregon Delegate less than his from
Utah and New Mexico anil the members from
California, when he makes a much longer and
more perilous journey than they. If we pass this i
bill, however, we have seitled the question; we
are not disturbed wuh it any longer as an isolated
question; and the sooner it conies up in common
with the case of each one of us upon this floor, the
better it will be for the country; fur this question is
one about which the public mind is particularly
restive. It will be restive until we provide for it, :
and we should do it. But it is never to be done i
in this sideling sort of way. I am for passing- I
this bill for the purpose, if no other, of getting rid
of this question at this time; for in the first pTace, :
we can only get rid of it by passing this bill; and ;
i tell gentlemen here, whether they are political
friends of mine or opponents—and the gentleman "
for whose benefit this bill is introduced is no no- I
litical friend of mine, and never has been I tell ,
gentlemen of all parties, if our object be economy, !
we will have to pass this bill, for either this bill II
or some other application in a different form, will
come up that will cause usmore—ten times more r
peradventure—than is involved here For this '
character of legislation is wrong. The mileage !
law which exists now should not be—cannot be
—remedied in detail, but must be remedied by a
general bill. Where is the man upon this floor,
I care not from what pan of the country he comes,
that would submit to be laid upon the Procrustean
bed of this special legislation, and have himself
measured off, and cut off, if perchance he were
fancied to be a. little too long, and drawn out a
little, if too short. The legislation is certainly
wrong. It looks to me, with due respect for hon-
orable gentlemen and deference to the House, that
it is ignominious—for we are,all equals—we should
so treat each other, and be treated. It is said, how-
ever, in reference to my friend from Oregon, that
he accepted his seat under this law as it is, and
therefore he has no right to complain. Has he
; complained? Has he opened his mouth in refer-
j ence to this case > No, sir; no, sir; nor would he
i if he remained here until the resurrection gun is
j fired. I have known that gentleman in other days.
I have known him in civil as well as in military
life, and he is among the last of men thatyou will
ever hear complaining in a case of this kind. It
is hia friends here, who know his high deserving,
and see this invidious legislation standing against
him, that come foiward and complain of the man-
ner in which he is treated. Inasmuch, however,
gentlemen still tell us, as he accepted this position
under the law as it is, we should hold him to if.
Now, I appeal to my political friends here if they
I are disposed to mete out that kind of dealing to
j the gentleman under these circumstances ? Could
j we look with any degree of complacency upon
I sucii treatment as that towards a gentleman of
! our school—one by us deemed worthy of our
kindest regards, and that gentleman now standing
in theattitude ihis one dues: I have seen too much
of human nature—I cannot think so; no, sir. Did
he belong to the same political church, make his
devotions in the same temple of worship with us,
where would we he then ? I know full well where
we would be. If one nf ours had come from that
far-off region with his life m his hand—with signal
military honors crowned—as well as with civic
wreaths upon his brow, as this Delegate has
come, I cannot mistake where our hearts and our
heads would be. There is hardly one of us upon
this floor, I doubt whether there is any, who would
say of that brother of ours anything else than that
: he ought to be put in the same predicament with
all other members. This is the view I have of"
j the matter. 1 have felt so in other days—so have
j my opponents; 1 feel so now, and so do they,
i Look you, again, at this thing. Because he ac-
cepted it under these circumstances, therefore he
is to be held to it—he is so bound ! There is no
reason, no justice, no logic in a Shylock-argument
of that character, in my humble judgment. I
know my friend full well. What T say for him, I
believe I may say for nine tenths of the popula-
tion of the little Territory on the Pacific slope 
little in numbers yet, but magnificent m prospect  1
if there were no mileage here at all, suffering as
they have and do, there is that number to be found
there who would come here for higher and purer
motives than money, had they the ability, and act
for that Territory. This gain to him in money
was not thought of when he came here, or thought
of by him when he was elected. He has given
evidence enough to the country, that he has a
heart, and kind of gallantry about him—a love of
country, that would have induced him to have
acted gratuitously in the whole matter, had it been
| required at his hands, and he able to do so. It
! seems to me that this ought to be satisfactory to
j us. This is the first time m the whole history of
I the country, that we have had a law of the kind,
; which by this bill we seek to abrogate. It is well j
, it has been so, for had it been otherwise, I cannot :
be mistaken in supposing that we would have had !
all these difficulties every session of Congress
since its enactment thftt we have now, and will ■■
have, until this wrong is remedied. i
1 know very well, as I have already indicated, '
there are great outrages connected with these mile- ,
age transactions, and, as I stated, the country is
all alive in reference to the matter, and it ought to I
be remedied. The country calls for it, and we
should respond without delay. It can never be i
remedied, however, in the form of the old law— !
the legislation we now seek to remedy, butaggra- j
rates the difficulty, and we only make ourselves
ridiculous, it seems to me, with due defference, |
when we attempt it. Let us wipe that out, and !|
go zealously to work and remedy the whole evil il
enveloping each one of us, and then, and then
only, will the country be quiet. It seems to me,
then, that the upshot of the whole matter i"., if we
get rid of the present difficulty, we must pass this
bill. And as the whole question now stands, it is
right and proper that it should be done.
Mr. WASHBURN. I am one ofthe members
who voted against the passage of this bill. I be-
lieve this whole subject of mileage demands revis-
ion. and I am of the opinion that the amount of
mileage which has been fixed for the Delegate from
Oregon is sufficient in any case; and that our busi-
ness and object now should be rather to equalize
the mileage of other members than to raise it in
that case. I am not convinced by the arguments
j | which have been introduced by the gentlemen upon
j. the other side, and certainly not by any which
j! have been presented by the gentleman from Indi-
! ana, [Mr. Parker.] I do not believe that the
j! members upon this side of the House would be
| influenced to vote differently were the gentleman
;l whose mileage is in question here, a member
Ij of their party. I will not be judged in that man-
I lier. It has been said that whoever declares all
ji men to be scoundrels, at least proves that there
|| is one. The gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Par-
;! it il it] may measure others by his own feelings of
ij what he would be constrained to do; but I appre-
ij hend that would not be the way in which gentle-
ji men ought to be judged. I believe there are gen-
ii tlemen upon the other side who have viewed this
Ij matter as we do.- This has been no party view,
j! It has been no party question,; and it should not
j| be so. The question is, whether we shall repeal
jj this law. and thereby raise the mileage of the bel-
li egate from Oregon; and whether it is sufficient as
•I it is now. It seems to me that $2,51)0 is enough
j to pay, and amply pay any man who lives in any
1, part of this Union for his traveling expenses, and
for his coming to the capital. I have no question
. that many members are over paid—extravagantly
]; paid—and I would desire this House to take the
matter m hand, to equalize the mileage, and to
I; make it what it should be. I am altogether op-
■| posed to any measure or any vote which shall
| have a tendency to increase the mileage of a single
i member of this House.
I Air. HEBARD. I am one of the members of
■ i this House who voted against the bill under con-
|i sideration. I hold the privilege, with other mem-
|' bers of the House, of voting according to the dic-
| tates of my conscience; nor do I hold myself
| amenable to any other gentleman upon the floor.
| to call in question the right or propriety of that
j vote. I think the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
! Parker] was entirely beyond his own jurisdiction,
| or any right he has as a member upon this floor,
1 in undertaking to take members to task as tu the
I propriety of their votes, and applying to the ac-
tion of ihis House, or theaction of a past Congress,
1 the term ignominious. He must be left to the ex -
1 ercise of lus own taste in relation to the terms he
, uses. I do not know but what it is in accordance
with the taste of that gentleman. In my estima-
1 tion, howev er, he is branding opprobrious epithets
; upon the laws of this country—upon the action of
this body, which he is not entitled to use. He is
| exercising an immunity beyond his right. I do
j not know what right that gentleman has to say
j that the members of this House, in giving their
j votes, place themselves in a ridiculous altitude,
j I do not know what there is peculiar about this
i bill more than others, which should call for the
j exercise of any such language, or justify any such
I liberties, by any member of this House. The
| vote may be right, or it may be wrong. I take it,
; where the question is so nearly balanced as it is
j here, that there is some excuse for any gentleman
| who shall^give his vote, even if he does differ from
i some other gentleman. It has been said here in
I relation to this law, that it is placing this mileage
principle in an unjust position. I "do not know
| what injustice there is about it. I have not heard
, one gentleman, who has undertaken to show that the
l pay given to this Delegate from Oregon was not an
j equivalentfortheservicesherendersliere. Biythey
t say he does not get as much as some other persons,
i Does that make it unjust ? The organic law of that
Territory, v/iiich gave him a right to represent that
' people here, fixes his compensation. He was
■ elected under that law, and came here underthat
law. Is there anything unjustaboutthat? I have
not heard gentlemen explain what they mean by
the injustice of the law. Everything was regular
