THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 27,
stkes, to have and to hold the same in the same manner as
if this act had not been passed."
Mr FOWLER. If the Speaker will allow me,
I desire to hear the amendment read which is pro-
posed to be substituted for the section proposed to
be stricken out. , .
The SPEAKER. The matter proposed to be
inserted in lieu of the section just read, was read
three minutes since, but if there be no objection
made, it will be read agaip.
Mr. JOHN W. HOWE objected.
Mr. WHITE, of Alabama. Is it m order to
make a suggestion in reference to the section
which has just been read ?
The SPEAKER. All discussion is excluded
by tHe operation of the previous question.
Mr. WHITE. I was not aware that the pre-
vious-question had been ordered.
Mr. DEAN. Has the morning hour expired ?
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has not
expired. .
A message was received from the Senate, at tne^
••hands of Asbory DrcKius, its Secretary, in-
forming the House that the Senate 'had agreed^ to
the amendment of the House to the bill providing
for the holding of the district courts in the Dis-
trict of Colombia, in case of the sickness or other
disability of the district judge; and also that they
had passed House bill No. 266, giving the assent
of Congress to;"the .State of Missouri to impose
taxes on all lands which may hereafter be sold by
the United States therein, from and after the day
of siich sale.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment, and it was decided in the affirmative—yeas
102, nays 70, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aliercromliio, Wilhs.Mion, John Apple-
ts. Kjng, Kurtz, Martin, Mason, McLanahan, ArcMullin,
McNair, Miner, Molony, Henry 11. Moore, John Mooie,
Morchead, Murray, Olds, Orr, I'enmman, Phelps, Price,
Richardson, ftolibins, Ttobinaon, Schoomnaker, taeuiry,
JJavul f/. Seymour, Orison S. Seymour, Skelton, Smith,
Stanly, Benjamin Stanton, Ftedenck 1'. Stanton, Abraham
P. Stevens, St. Martin, Stratton, Stroihcr, Stuart, Taylor,
fiporge W. Thompson, Thurston. Townsheml, WiilUndSP,
Walsh, Ward, Watkins, Welch, Wclh, Alexander White,
Wildriek, and Williams—102.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Allison, Ashe, Averott, Bali-
cock, TSenle, Borook, Bowie, Brazil, l?uell, (-aldwuH,
Lewis I). Campbell, Canter, Ca^kie, Ohasum, Cleveland,
Clingman, Coieock, Cottman, Daniel, Geo. T. Davis, John
G. Davis, Dawson-. Dean, Doty, Edmundson, Fnulkner,
Thomas J. J). Fuller, Harper, Isham G. TIeliard,
Uibliard, Hillvcr, Holladay, Houston, Howaul, John W.
Howe, Thonias M. Howe. Thomas Y. How, rngetsoll,
Jackson, Jenkins, Dnmel T. Jones, X.anilry, Jjeteller,
I.oelihait, Maee, McDonald, MeUueen, Sleaehani, Miller,
Millson, Mltipity, Newton, Samuel W. Palkei, PiM-lce,
Powell, ltantoul. Tiobie, Ros--, Russell. Waeketr, AleMiiulcr
H. Stephens, Sutherland. Toombs, Wallace, and Wood-
ward—70.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The question recurred upon ordering the amend-
ment to be engrossed, and the bill to a third" read-
er. DEAN. Has the morning hour expired ?
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has ex-
pired, but we are acting under the previous ques-
tion—the order of the House that the main ques-
tion shall be now put. There is still one remain-
ing question under the operation of the previous
question, which the gentleman will see must be
executed, and a vote be taken before the House
proceed to other business.
Mr. HIBBARD demanded the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
Mr. DEAN. Is it not now in order to move to
go into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union?
Thf> SPEAKER.. It is not, the previous ques-
tion not having exhausted itself. The House has
Ordered that the main question be now put, and
the Chair informs the gentleman and the House
that the previous question will not be exhausted
until the next vote is taken, which is upon order-
ing the bill to a third reading.
The question was then taken upon ordering the
amendment to be engrossed and the bill to be read
a third time, and it was decided in the affirmative
—ayes 93, noes 76; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Willis Alien, Barrere,
Bell, Bibighaus, Bissell, Bowie, Bowne, Brenton, Briggs,
Brooks, Burrows, Busby, Thompson Campbell, Chand-
ler, Chapman, Clark, Cobh, Conger, Cojtman, Curtis.
George T. Davis, John G. Davis, Doty, Duncan, Ourkee,
Eastman, Edgerton, Fiekiin, Fitch, Floienee, Fowler,
Henry M. FBller, Gamble, Gaylord, Gilmore, Goodrich,
Gorman, Green, Giey, Hall, Haiper, Hart, Haws, Hebard,
Hendricks, Henn, Thomas M. Howe, Hunter, John John-
son-, J. Glancy Jones, Kurtz, Landry, Loekhart, Maee,
Humphrey Marshall, McDonald, McNair, Miller, Molony,
Ilenry D. Moore, John Moore, Morri?on, 01d* j Orr, Sain'l
W. Parker, Perm, Penmm m, I'Jiolps, Rantoul, Richard-
son, Itobmson, Saekett, Seudder, Scurry, David L. Sey-
mour, Stanly, Frederick P. Stanton, Abraham P. Stevens,
St. Martin, Stratton, Strother, Stuart, Taylor, Thurston,
Townshend, Wallmdge, Walsh, Ward, Watkins, Welch,
Alexander White, and Williams—93.
NAYS—Messis. Aiken, Allison, Ashe. Averett, Babeoek,
David J. Bailey, Beale, Bennett, Bocock, John H. ISoyd,
Braffg, Breckinridge, Buell, Caldwell, Cartter, Caskie,
Chastaill, Cleveland, Chngman, Coleoek, Dawson, Dean,
Doekeiy, Edmundson, Evans, Faulkner, Floyd, Tlinmas
J. D. Fuller, Glow, Hamilton, fsliain G. Hams, llaseall,
Hibbard, ilillyei, Holladay, Houston, Howaid, John W.
Howe, Thomas Y. How, Ingersoll, Ives, Jackson, Jen-
kins, Daniel T. Jones, George G King, Preston King,
Letcher, Maitin, Mason, MeLanahan, MeMuilin, Mc-
lliieen, Meaeham, Millson, Morehead, Muiray, Newton,
Peaslee, Perkins, Powell, Price, Roblmis, ttobie, lto s,
Russell, Sehoonmaker, Ongeu S. Seymour, Skelton, Ben
laiiiin Stanton, Alexander H. Stephens, Sutherland, Geoigs
w. Thompson, Toombs, Wallace, Wildock, and Wood-
ward—"G.
So the bill was ordered to be read a third time.
Mr. HALL. I move to recommit this bill to
the Committee on Public Lands, and I call for the
previous question.
Mr. HIBBARD. I rise to a question of order,
which is, that the morning hour having expired,
and the previous question having exhausted itself,
it is in order to proceed to other business.
The SPEAKKR. It is in order.
Mr. IIIBBAIID. Then I move that theHouse
proceed to ihe business upon the Speaker's table.
Mr. HENiN, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, repotted back as correctly em oiled, the fol-
lowing bill, which received the signature of the
Speaker, to wit: "An act to provide for the hold-
ing of the district courts in the District of Colum-
bia in cases of sickness or other disability of the
district judge."
Tbe question was then taken upon Mr. Rib-
baud's motion, and it was agreed to.
Mr. HIBBARD. I rise to another point of
order. I wish to know if the Chair entertains the
motion of the gentleman from Missouri [Mr.
Hai.l] to recommit the bill ? I conceive that it is
out of order to recommit the bill after it has been
ordered to a thiid reading.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did entertain the
motion to recommit the bill.
Mr. IIIBBARD. Is it in order to recommit a
hill after ordered to a third reading?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is in
order to recommit a bill after ordering it to a
third reading under Rule 120, to which he invites
the attention ot the gentleman: "After the com-
mitment and report thereof to the House, or at
any time before its passage a bill may be recom-
mitted."
Mr. GROW. Is it in order to move to sus-
pend the rules and go into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union >
The SPEAKER. It is in order.
Mr.GR.OW. Then 1 make that motion.
The question was put, and the motion was
agreed to.
So the rules were suspended, and the House
resolved itself into ihe Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mr. Seymour, of Con-
necticut, in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN stated, as the business be-
fore the committee, the consideration of House
bill No. 43, making appropriations for the cur-
rent and contingent expenses of the Indian De-
partment, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations
with various Indian tribes for the year ending
June 30,1853, on which the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Grow] was entitled to the floor.
Mr. GROW took the floor, and reviewed the
course which has been pursued since the com-
mencement of the session with reference to the
fugitive slave law as the only one capable of pro-
ducing agitation. The people of the North, he
said, would observe the guarantees of their fore-
fathers, and the law would be maintained by the
majority of its inhabitants, as being consistent
with the Constitution, although there might be
diversity of sentiment as to its details. There was
no reason, however, for maintaining its finality;
nor could an act of Congress be antagonistic to the
Constitution itself. He contended that that body
ought not to be engaged in recnacting the acts of
a previous Congress; but should be occupied ill
passing laws, and permitting members to, return
to their homes, and if the law referred to had not
vitality enough to enforce its enactments, its re-
enaction would not have that effect.
[His speech will be found in the Appendix.]
Mr. GOODRICH then addressed the committee
an hour, upon the subject of the fugitive slave law,
maintaining that it might be modified with advan-
tage; that it might be made more in harmony with
the spirit and the letter of the Constitution. He
then adverted to the action of the Whig Congres-
sional caucus, and commented on the course of the
gentleman f^pm New York [Mr. Brooks] in con-
nection therewith, and also upon his legislative
conduct in regard to the passage of the compro-
mise measures, to show his inconsistency.
[Mr. G. 's speech will be found in the Appen-
dix.] . ,
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois, next obtained
the floor.
Mr. GORMAN. Will the gentleman give way
to a motion that the committee rise?
Mr. CAMPBELL. I will yield the floor for
that purpose.
Mr. GORMAN. X move that the committee
rise. , . .
Mr. CLEVELAND. If the gentleman from
Illinois does not wish to speak, there is another
gentleman who would be glad to speak.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will be obliged
to put the question unless the motion is with-
drawn.
Mr. GORMAN. I cannot withdraw it, for it is
halt-past three o'clock.
The question was then put upon Mr. Gorman s
motion, and it was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose, and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the chairman (Mr. Sey-
mour., of Connecticut,) reported that the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union had had
under consideration the state of the Union gener-
ally, and particularly House bill No. 43, making
appropriations for the current and contingent ex-
penses of the Indian Department, and for fulfilling
treaty stipulations with various Indian tribes, for
the year ending June 30,1853, and had come to no
conclusion thereon.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. I move that the
House do now adjourn.
COMPENSATION OF MEMBERS OF CONGRESS.
Mr. McMULLIN. I ask the gentleman to
withdraw that motion for one moment.
Mr. HARRIS. For what purpose?
Mr. McMULLIN. To enable me to introduce
a bill of which previous notice has been given.
Mr. HARRIS. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. McMULLIN. 1 ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to permit me to introduce a
bill, of which previous notice has been given, to
fix the compensation of members of Congress at
a rate not exceeding $1,500 per annum, and mile-
age not exceeding ten cents per mile.
[Loud cries of " Object!"]
Mr. McMULLIN. Let the gentleman who
objects stand up and show himself.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of' Illinois. I object for
one.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I object, and
move that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. FLORENCE. I ask the gentleman from
Georgia to withdraw that motion for a moment, to
allow me to withdraw some papers from the files
of the House.
[Cries of "No!" "No!"]
Mr. STEPHENS. I cannot withdraw it.
The question was then taken on Mr. Stephens's
motion, and it was agreed to.
And the House adjourned until to-morrow at
twelve o'clock, m.
PETITIONS, &C.
The following petitions, memorials, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. St. MARTIN: The memorial of sundry citizens
of New Orleans, praying for the construction of a harbor at
MHneburg, Louisiana. „ , >
By Mr. GORMAN : The resolutions of the Legislature of,
the State of Indiana, on the subject of donatingthe Govern-
ment lands, in the State of Indiana, to said State.
By Mr ASHE: The memorial of John Smith, John
M. Geke, Abraham M. How, and others, asking for the es-
tablishment of a mall route in Bladen county, North Caro-
lina.
