23,58
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 26,
River Indians, who were really entitled to it. The
Senate haye stricken out this provision, and have
inserted an amendment of this sort: That the
Government of the United States  hall pay to the
Eel River Indians, $15,000—which is about SI, 200
more than they are entitled to—out of the Treas-
ury of the United States, and to allow the Miami
Indians what has been erroneously paid to them;
and that the Eel River Indians shall, in consider-
ation of these $15,000, relinquish to the Govern-
ment of the United States all claim for further an-
nuities.
There were two points presented in this pro-
vision of the bill as it went from the House. The
Indian Office was really to take from the annuities
of the Miami Indians an amount sufficient to re-
imburse the Eel River Indians for the annuities
which have been erroneously paid to the Miamies.
That is one point. In the Senate's amendment,
they propose to let the Miamies keep what they
have got, and that the Government of the United
States shall pay to the Eel River Indians what has
been wrongfully paid to the Miamies. The other
point is this: In this provision in the original bill
there was nothing to provide for stopping the an-
nuities of the Eel River Indians. But the Senate
proposed in their amendment that in consideration
of $15,000 no more annuities should be given to
that tribe hereafter. Now, in examining the ques-
tion, the Committee of Ways and Means came to
the conclusion to recommend a concurrence in that
amendment. They have two or three reasons for
coming to that conclusion, which I will briefly
give. They were these: The tribe of Eel River
Indians have dwindled down till there are but six-
teen left. Indeed, one Senator stated in debate
that two of these have since died, which would
reduce the number to fourteen.
Mr. FITCH. There are still sixteen left.
Mr. HOUSTON. Very well. The gentleman
from Indiana says there are sixteen still in exist-
ence. The Senate have taken the ground, and
the Committee of Ways and Means recommend a
concurrence, that when a tribe of Indians have
become reduced by death or otherwise so as to
leave a mere handfull—so as to leave so small a
number that if the Government were acting with
them originally, they would not treat with them
as a nation, but as Indians, generally and dis-
tinctly—then it is competent for the Government
to refuse to treat with them further as a nation,
and to stop all further annuities, or to stipulate for
further annuities with them as individuals. I pre-
sume it will hardly be denied by any one that the
Government of the United States ought not to con-
tinue to pay annuities to tribes of Indians as tribes
when they have been cut down to half a dozen, or
to fifteen or twenty. It seems to me that is a point
where these annuities should cease. But they
should not be made to cease until the Indian shall
have had some sort of notice of the intention of
the Government.
If terms could be made, I believe myself that
the proposition of the gentleman fron Indiana [Mr.
Fitch] had better be retained in the bill; but I
fear there will be a difficulty upon thepartof these
Miami Indians in carrying out this provision. It
may be difficult to make them understand why we
take annually from their annuities, a sum suffi-
cient to refund to the Eel River Indians the amount
which has erroneously been paid to them.
Mr. FITCH. The Miami Indians knew they
were getting other people's money.
Mr. HOUSTON. My friend from Indiana
says they knew well enough that they were get-
ting other people's money. If they did, they ought
to be made to pay it back. These are the facts
of the case. 1 submit them to the committee, and
they can take such action upon them as they may
think proper.
Another amendment which the Senate have
made to this bill, is to strike out a provision in-
serted by the House of $221,000, for the Menom-
onee Indians, and toinserta provision appropri-
ating §25,000 for their removal to some point the
Government may select. The Committee of Ways
and Means, upon an examination of the whole
question, have instructed me to report to the House
a recommendation that they concur in the action
of the Senate, and for various reasons, one or two
of which I will now allude to. In the first place,
the claim of the Menomonee Indians was substan-
tially, as I understand, founded upon two grounds;
fiist, that the commissioners who treated with
them, defrauded them; and second, that there was
a mistake in the treaty, as to tbe amount of land;
and because of that mistake, the treaty ought to
be reopened, and they compensated for tneamount
of land they had transferred.
Mr. WHITE, of Alabama. I desire to ask my
colleague whether it is proposed to remove these
Indians to a portion of the country almost en-
tirely destitute of game? I think this a matter
which should be considered before the House act
upon the question. I am credibly informed by
officers who have lately come from that portion of
country, that we propose to put these Indians upon
land, where they have not even the last recourse
of the poor Indian—the taking of game for their
support—and I think our whole legislation is wrong
upon this subject.
Mr. HOUSTON. My colleague, if he will no-
tice my remarks, will discover, that I have not
yet reached the amendment to which he alludes,
and to which he directed his remarks.
This case, as I before remarked, depends, so far
as I understand it, upon two grounds. The one
is, that the commissioners who treated with them
had practiced a fraud upon them. That ground
is not, 1 think, sustainable from the proof. I have
looked into tbe case pretty extensively, and I am
satisfied that while that allegation is made, and to
a very limited extent, sustained by some proof,
yet the preponderance of proper testimony, in my
view of the case, is decidedly in favor of the
hypothesis that the commissioners who treated
acted fairly with them, and committed no fraud.
And even, Mr. Chairman, supposing the com-
missioners did commit a fraud, is this the proper
way, the proper time to investigate that subject,
while we have under consideration an appropria-
tion bill? Ought not that subject to be brought up
in a manner in which it can be investigated, and
when those who are disposed to establish the fact
that the commissioners did, or, on. the contrary,
those who are disposed to prove that the commis-
sioners did not commit a fraud, may each have the
opportunity of fully investigating the subject, and
presenting it to Congress and to the country?
But I presume that ground will be abandoned.
Then the only ground is, that more land was
obtained by the Government than the Indians
supposed they were transferring. I think, Mr.
Chairman, that very probably is the case. But
admit for a moment, if you please, that the Gov-
ernment of the United States did get more land
than was in the eye of the Indians, or in the eye
of the Government, at the time of the transaction,
the treaty itself conveys all the lands which the
Indians owned there. The proposition is now
made that we shall reopen that treaty, for the
reason that they were not advised of the num-
ber of acres of land they had, and because the
Government of the United States got more land
for the same consideration than they supposed
they were getting, and that, therefore, it becomes
necessary to go over the matter again.
Now, I lay down this position for the consider-
ation of the committee, and to which I desire their
attention—that if we establish that as a good
ground for opening our Indian treaties, we have
probably not one treaty that would hold against
the same sort of argument. The most of our In-
dian treaties are made in an irregular, and, to
some extent, a loose manner. • The country is not
usually surveyed, and it is not the case that we
ascertain the precise number of acres, as is the
case where individuals are treating with each other.
We do not so treat with them.
There is another objection which has been
urged with great force in the Senate of the United
States against this appropriation; and it is, that
the Indians are not now in a condition to receive
this money, and that if it were put into their hands
while they are now upon lands to which they are
not entitled, and upon which they have no right
to remain except as tenants at will, it would all
be taken from them by the white persons who
trade amongst them, in one way or another.
Mr. WHITE, of Alabama, (interrupting.) My
colleague has not yet answered the question which
I wish this House to consider—that is, what is
the kind of land which is given to these Indians?
That is the question I want considered,as amatter
of justice. We have the power over these In-
dians, and we know we have the power, and we
ought to give them land upon which they can get
a subsistence.
Mr. HOUSTON. The proposition, as I was
going on to remark, that the Senate has submitted,
is, that we shall appropriate $25,000 for she pur-
pose of removing these Indians to some point
they may select as agreeable to themselves, as
their homes upon the public lands of the United
States, where they may be subsisted until they
can commence drawing their annuity. And then
the whole tenor of the argument of the Senators
was, that while they were willing to make a do-
nation under the circumstances, and at this period
of the existence of the tribe, if it was thought
advisable, yet that it ought not to be upon the
ground of mistake in the treaty.
The next amendment, and the only remaining
one that I shall address myself to now, is one
striking out from the bill as it went from this
House, a provision appropriating some$60,000 to
the Shawnee Indians.
That appropriation is claimed by the Indians
upon the ground, that trader the treaty of 1831
the Government of the United States had bound
itself to give them 100,000 acres of fand. They
allege that the land has not been set apart to
them. The facts, as I understand t^em, are these:
I believe it is admitted that the Shawnee Indians
of Missouri, and the Shawnees of Ohio, are parts
of the same tribe. The policy of the Govern-
ment of the United States was, as I understand
it, that these two branches of the same tribe should
be again consolidated and amalgamated, that they
might be reunited and live in harmony together.
In 1825, the Government of the United States
treated with the Missouri Shawnees, by which
the Government obtained from them their tract of
land in Missouri, which was twenty-five miles
square, and in lieu of that land the Government
stipulated with that part of the tribe, as follows:
" It is hereby agreed hy the contracting parties that, in
consideration of the cession aforesaid, the United States do
hereby agtee to give to the Shawnee tribe of Jndians, with-
in the Slate of Missouri, for themselves, and for those of
tile same nation now residing in Ohio, who hereafter may
emigrate to the west of the Mississippi, a tract of land equal
to fifty miles square, situated in tile State of Missouri," &c.
In 1831, the Government held a treaty with the
Ohio Shawnees, in which it stipulated, in consid-
eration of the cessions made by that treaty, to lay
off one hundred thousand acres of land, and give
to the Ohio Shawnees a patent in fee-simple for it,
within the fifty miles square that had been agreed
to be given to the Missouri Shawnees, in connec-
tion with the Ohio Shawnees,for tliem to have so
long as they remained a nation and thought fit to
live upon it; provided so much good land could be
had within the fifty miles square to make one
hundred thousand acres. If they could not get it
within the fifty miles square, they were to get it
from lands contiguous to il, or from any other
unappropriated and unoccupied Indian lands be-
longing to the United States.
The question here presented is this: the Ohio
Shawnees claim that, by the treaty of 1825, the
Governmentof theUnited States parted with their
title to the fifty miles square, upon which it located
the Missouri Shawnees. They contend that the
Government conveyed to the Missouri Shawnees
and to the Ohio Shawnees jointly the fifty miles
square, and therefore that this stipulation in the
treaty of 1831, by which we agreed to give them
one hundred thousand acres of the fifty miles
square was not a consideration for the cession
they made, as the Government of the United
States had parted with the whole title to the fifty
miles square.
I disagree, Mr. Chairman, with gentlemen who
take that view of the case. I construe the treaty
of 1825 in this way: The Government of the
United States, in pursuance of this admitted policy
of reuniting the entire tribe of Shawnee Indians,
and in pursuance of the request of the Indians
themselves, determined to put them upon the fifty
miles square, which it had agreed to lay off, and
did lay off, for the Indians.
Mr. WHITE, of Alabama, (interrupting.) I
desire to ask my colleague a question. This is an
important matter to men who are disposed to do
justice. I wish to ask my colleague what kind
of land to which he wishes to send these Indians?
I wish that question answered and considered by
this House, because we are now doing great in-
justice to these poor miserable remnants of hu-
manity.
Mr. HOUSTON. I regret that I am interrupted
in this improper manner in these disconnected re-
