THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 28,
go the amendment to the amendment was re-
^ Mr." BORLAND. I have an amendment to
.offer, in the form oTa proviso, to the amendment.
It is as follows:
Provided That the contract for tlie transportation of the
said maii be and is hereby transferred from the Navy to
the Post Office Department, and that the appropriations to
be made to defray the expenses of ^aid contract be paid
directly oat of the Tieasury, and shall not be charged over
to appropriations for the Navy.
I desire Simply to say that this is the substance
of'the same amendment which was offered in Com-
mittee of the Whole by the Senator from Florida,
[Mr. Maxlory.] It is intended to give what I
consider the true character to this line of steam-
ships, of their connection with the Government,
and to put them upon their proper footing. It is
to put the character of the service which they ren-
der upon its true footing, and to pay for it, as I
am prepared to.pay for all other mail service di-
rectly out of the Treasury, not requiring the Post
Office Department to J)e self-sustaining any more
• than requiring the War Department or the Naval
Department td be self-sustaining. I think it has
very clearly shown by tue arguments on
both sides of the question, since it has been before
the Senate, that this is a mail line, and nothing
more; and when it is called a part of the naval
establishment, it goes under false colors; and the
public are led to believe, from the form in which
we make appropriations and the manner in which
we hewe heretofore paid them, that it is a part of
theNavy; whereas it is nothing more nor less than
a mail line, and should be put upon a footing in
that respect with all other mail lines.
Mr. HALE. I believe it is understood by the
Senate, and 1 cannot help thinking-, that the Sen-
ator from Arkansas is trying the same game on
the friends of this measure that Ezekiel Powers
tried on the Virginia crows. He is constantly
trying to put one rail on the top, and, by repeated
encroachments, to make escape impossible; butas
the Senate is now foiewarneil, I hope they will
not be caught in the trap.
Mr. BORLAND. The proposition is clearand
plain. It was discussed in committee; and I
would take occasion to remind the Senator frofti
New Hampshire that, so far from this being any-
thing like part of a game to deceive the Senate, or
the country, the committee, in voting on the prop-
osition, was within one of a tie; and the commit-
tee was not full, by any means. The vote stood
eighteen to nineteen; and now that the Senate is
full, I desire to take its sense on the question, in
order that it may be tested. It is no new propo-
sition; it has been already fully discussed, and its
merits are fully understood; and I think that the
discussion has brought ont the fact, that this prop-
osition nffoids the only secure basis on which we
can put the amendment. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and, being
taken, resulted—yeas 15, nays 25; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Holland, Rrodliead, Butler, Clm.se,
Ouopei, De Sau-sfcure, Dodge of Wwoiwn, Fish, Iluntei,
Ma^on, Stockton, Underwood, Wade, Walker, and Wel-
ter—15.
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Bell, ftiadbury,
Bright, Cass, Davis, Dawson, Hale, Hamlin, Houston,
James, Jones of Iowa, Mangum, Miller, Norns, Pearcc,
Pratt, Rusk, Sewaid, Shields, Smith, Soule, t3pruance,and
Uphani—25.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. CHASE. It will be remembered that when
the amendment offered by myself was under con-
sideration on a previous occasion, it was objected
to by the Senator from Maryland, because it did :
not provide for the transportation of the mails in ]
American steamships; and when, in order to ob- |
viate that objection, I proposed to insert the word !
American,55 in the amendment, he objected to it, i
inasmuch as the yeas and nays had been ordered. |
I then said that if that amendment was rejected, j
I would again offer it, modified as proposed, to !
avoid the objection, which it was said would in-1
duce some Senators to vote against it. I therefore
offer this amendment now:
Jind jirovided farther, That the proprietors of said line of
steamers sbai! consent to such a modification of the exist-
ing contract that the Postmaster General may advertise for
and accept proposals for carrying the mails in suitable
American steamships, of not less than two thousand tons
btrnlen, between the United Stares and Great Britain, from
and after the said 31st day of Decembei, 1854, when said
contract shall cease to be obligatory ; and the Postmaster
General, in case said modification shall be agreed to, shall
advertise for such proposals, which shall be submitted to
Congress at the next session.
This amendment avoids the objections made by
the Senator from Michigan [Mr. Cass] to the
proposition of the Senator from Tennessee, [M-1"*
Bell.] It proposes absolutely to terminate the
contract at thS time specified, and then to leave
the ocean transportation of the mails open to com-
petition. I ask for the yeas and nays. _
The yeas and nays were ordered, and, being
taken, resulted—yeas 16, nays 28; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Borland, Brodhead, Butler,
Cha=e, Dc Saussure, Dodge ofWisconsll), Hunter,Mason,
Sebastian, Suninei, TJnderwood, Wade, 'v\ alker, Weller,
and Whitcmnl)— IS. . _
NAYS' Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Bell, Bnglit, Cass,
Cooper, Davis, Dawson. Fish, Hale, Hamlin, Houston,
James, Jones of Iowa, Mangmn, Wilier, Noma, Pcarce,
Pratt, Rusk, Seward, Shields, Smith, Soule, Spruance,
Stockton, Toucey, and Uphaili—28.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
ThePRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Mahgum.)
The question now is on concurring in the amend-
ment adopted by the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. BORLAND. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FELCH. 1 wish to say that I agreed with
the Senator from California, [Mr. Gwin,] who is
now absent, to pair off with him in case the ques-
tion should be taken upon this amendment prior
to his return, he being in favor of the amendment
and 1 entirely opposed to it.
The question was then taken by yeas and nays,
and resulted—yeas 27, nays 19; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Badger, Bright, Cass, Cooper, Davis,
Dawson, Fisll, Hale, Hamlin, Houston, James. Jones ot
Iowa, Mangum, Miller, Norns, Pearce, Pralt, Busk, Sow-
aid, Shields. Smith, Soule, Spruanee, Stockton, Sumner,
Toncev, and 1Jpham—"'27.
NAYS—Mes-us. Adams, Bell, Boiland, Biodliead, But-
ler, Chase, Clemens, De Saussure, Dodge of Wisconsin,
Dodge of Iowa, Douglas, Hunter, Mason, Sebastian, Un-
derwood, Wade, Walker, Welier, and Whiicomb—19.
So the amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment, made as in Committee of
the Whole, was to insert the following clause:
" For defraying the expenses of the supreme, circuit, and
distnct couu.-. ot tile United States, including the District
of Columbia; also for jurors and witnesses, in auWif the
funds arising from fines, penalties, and forfeitures incurred
ill the fiscal year ending June tlmtieth, eighteen hundred
anil fifty-two, and previous years, and likewise for defray-
ing the expenses ot suits in which the United States are
concerned, and of prosecutions for oflenses committed
against the United States, and for the apprehension and
safe-keeping of prisoners, in addition to former appropria-
tions, $90,(11)0 : Piovidcd, That no otlicer of the United
Stales, who is ill attendance upon any couit of the United
Slates in the discharge ot the duties of said office, shall le-
ceive any pay ot compensation for his attendance as a wit-
ness on behalf of the Government at'the same tinifi that he
leceives compensation as such officer."
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment, made as in Committee of
the Whole, was to insert the following clause:
u To enable the Secretary of the Interior to pay to the
clciks emplo.i ed in the Census O/iSce on CAlia duty, at the
inle of £100 tor mil service, aeeoulmg to the oflice roil, the
sum of $-10,,>i)0."
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment, made as in Committee of
the Whole, was to insert the following clause:
" For determining, running, and marking the northern
boundaiyof the i?ute of Iowa, on the paiallel of 43^ 30'
north latitude, in addition to the appropriation heretofore
made for the same object, $10,000.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment, made as in Committee of
the Whole, was to insert the following clause:
" For tile lecotMruction or repairs of the steamer Bibb,
used in the smvey ot the Nantucket Shoals, ,f18,000."
The amendment was concurred in.
ThePRESIDlNGOFFICER. Thenextamend-
ment is:
  For establishing a depot of coal for naval purposes at
Key West, m the State of Fionda, .$20,000."
Mr. IIUNTER. There are three amendments
there which do not seem to me properly to belong
to a deficiency bill; and the other day I moved to
except them, so that the question might be taken
on each separately. The amendment which has
just been read is one of the three, and the other
two immediately follow it, and relate, the first of
them, to a site for a custom-house at Bangor, in
Maine, and the second to the site of a custom-
house at Bath, in the same State. The amendment
on which thequestion is now to be taken, I believe,
was offered by the Senator from Florida, [Mr.
Mallory,] and the only objection which 1 have
to it is, that it does not seem properly to belong to
a deficiency bill. It seems to me, that it is an ap-
propriation of that character which should be in-
cluded in the regular appropriation bill.
Mr. MA'LLORY. I will state that, for six or
eight years, the United States has maintained a
coal depot at this island. This has been done at a
considerable expense, by hiring, from time to time,
lands upon the island upon which to deposit coal.
This proposition has the sanction of the Navy De-
partment. I tis to establish a permanentsite, instead
of a temporary one. In this light, I regard it as a
deficiency, because for eight years past the expense
incurred has been large, in order to procure a
place for depositing the coal. The proposition is
now to purchase the site, for the purpose of erect-
ing sheds by the Government itself.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was concurred in.
The next amendment was:
" For the pmcliase of a site on which to erect a custom-
house in Bangor Maine, $15,000."
Mr. HUNTER. I would say, in relation to
this amendment, that it comes from the Com-
mittee on Commerce, as well as the following, for
the custom-house at Bath, and I did not oppose
them, because I supposed at the time that they
were deficiencies. I find, however, that one of
them was not a deficiency, because the original
appropriation was for a site and building. There
is some doubt about the other. The Senator from
Maine will explain the matter. I was anxious
that nothing should be placed in this bill except to
supply deficiencies, because I know that others
will be offered if these are permitted to remain.
Mr. HAMLIN. I am very clear that both of
these matters are appropriate to this bill. The
Senator from Virginia, as I understand, admits_
that the first is clearly a deficiency. But it is of
little consequence whether he admits it or not, for
I think that the statement which I will make, will
satisfy him, as I have examined the matter, I be-
lieve, a little more closely than he has. An appro-
priation was made for the erection of a custom-
house at Bangor, and the cost was limited to a
specified sum. Out of that sum the Department
has taken $15,000 to purchase a site. We have
now sent to the Committee on Commerce a recom-
mendation to supply the fl5,000, which was taken
for the purchase of the site.
In relation to the other case, there is a slight
difference. An appropriation was made for the
erection of a custom-house at Bath, in Maine, or
to repair the old one; and for that purpose $25,000
was appropriated. Upon a careful examination of
the matter, it has been thought best to tear down
the old custom-house and build a new one, and
they ask $11,000 to be appropriated for that pur-
pose. I think it is as much a deficiency as the
appropriation which was made for the Collins line,
or any other matter. I hope the Senate will allow
it to remain in the bill.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the Senator from
Maine will read the law winch applies to this case.
Mr. HAMLIN. I have stated how the matter
stands precisely. In one case the appropriation
was limited to the building, and the sum included
the $15,000 which has been applied for the pur-
chase of the site. In the other case, the sum was
limited to $25,000, including the purchase of the
site; but still the Department, after sending an
agent there to make the necessary inquiries, has
come to the conclusion that the interest of the
Government will be promoted by putting that sum
into a new custom-house rather than into the re-
pairs of an old one. They therefore recommend
this appropriation of $11,000 to supply what will
be needed to complete the building.
Mr. HUNTER. If this is put into the deficien-
cy bill, other applications will be made for custom-
houses. I think they should come up in the
general appropriation bill. It is certainly not a
deficiency. The former appropriation was de-
signed to include the purchase of the site as well
as the building.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Mangum
in the chair.) The question will be taken on the
amendments separately. The first is in relation
to the custom-house at Bangor.
Mr. HAMLIN. I will state one other fact.
If the appropriation is now made the money can
be usefully expended this summer; if not the
work will have to go over to another year.
Mr. DAVIS. I rise to express a hope that
