1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
583
anything disrespectful—for I speak only that
which we all know—i would say that members i
upon this floor have been in the constant habit of :
retiring to their respective places of business and j
attending to its duties. They are paid for it. It
is a matter of pecuniary benefit at the time. And, J
sir, it is a matter of much importance to gentlemen ;
engaged in certain kinds of business, inasmuch as J
it enables then to retain that business. A profes- ■
sional man in the law, with a practice of two, three I
or four thousand dollars a year, if he lives at a I
distance from this Capitol, and is thus compelled |
to lock up his office, loses his business. His !
clients find counsel elsewhere, and when he has
finished his duties here, he will find that he has
lost his business at home. If he resides at a point
so near to this Capitol that he can at convenient
seasons go home, keep up his duties, and retain
his business, he makes no such sacrifice, pecuni-
arily, as that made by the member who lives at a \
distance too remote to enable him to superintend j
his private affairs.
Mr. Speaker, 1 avowed myself yesterday willing
to vote for any proposition which should be brought j
forward here, in good faith, for the purpose of |
equalizing, to a greater extent, the pay of the i
members of this House. I at the same time ex- \
pressed my distrust of the effect, practically, of j
any plan that had been suggested. I continue to ,
avow that in good faith; and whatever may be said
in regard to other gentlemen, I trust that I may J
not be regarded as egotistical, when I say I am ,
willing to meet my constituents, and the world,
upon any vote I give here, based upon my judg- j
ment, be it right or wrong. If I commitan error, ,
I will make an avowal of it to my constituents, !
and to the world, and say I am wrong. God
knows I will never talk here for Buncombe, and
to suit any particular subject. Never. Nor do I
believe that other gentlemen are disposed to do it.
I think there is a great deal more talk about this '
subject, than there is reality. It is an honest, fair
difference of opinion. As to the*pay of members
hy the mile, I was anxious to hear the gentleman
from Georgia [Mr. Toombs] upon that subject.
Members of Congress are paid so many cents per
mile by the existing law. There are gentlemen
living m Illinois,in Wisconsin, m Iowa, inTexas,
in Missouri, in Arkansas, and in many of those
distant States, who receive what would be called
a large amount of mileage. When you speak of
$1,500, $2,000, or $3,000 as mileage, it is a large
sum, and more than any man ought to receive.
But that is not the question at all. Is the principle
upon which members are paid right or wrong ? If
it is wrong, do not select the Delegate from the re-
mote Territory of Oregon, as the victim, upon
whom to commence this operation of retrench-
ment and reform. If it is wrong, apply the reform
to every member of Congress—go to the founda-
tionof the evil, and cut it up root and branch.
Equalize the per diem and mileage. If you cannot
do it thoroughly, do it as nearly as you can. But
I know of no rule of ethics, which makes it right
to pay one man who comes five hundred miles
forty cents a mile, and wrong to pay another at
the same rate, who comes five thousand miles.
While upon this subject, allow me to correct a
misapprehension which I was led into by an in-
quiry at the office of the Sergeant at-Arms. I
made an inquiry and a remark that the member
from Texas received §3,000. I was misunderstood
in my inquiry, and they answered me in milew,
instead of dollars. I believe the largest amount
of mileage received by the gentleman coming
from the western part of that State, is $2,400.
That is a large sum of money in the eyes of many
men. Thegentleman who comes from Maryland,
[Mr. Evans,] thinks that the aggregate mileage
paid to all the members should be divided equally
amongst them. He does not propose to ieduce
the sum which the Government pays for mileage,
but to divide it up equally among the members.
That is the idea of equality entertained upon the
part of some members here; and I think it would
astonish the people quite as much as the principle
that exists now. It would be difficult to deter-
mine that the member coming from Maryland,
and coming in two hoars, should receive an equal
amount of mileage as the Delegate who comes
from Oregon, a distance of five thousand miles,
over a country inhabited by hostile Indians and
wild beasts. But I am charitable enough to be-
lieve that the gentleman from Maryland [Mr.
Evans] was notsincere;and I havealluded to these
things only for the purpose of showing that when
gentlemen rise to talk here so flippantly about
equalizing this whole thing, and satisfying every-
body, they know but little about it. They would
not want, if you were to believe them, more than
fifteen or twenty minutes in the committee room
to fix and arrange the whole matter. Sir, it would
be found to be a work of much greater magnitude
than that.
I repeat, I will go with any gentleman here, not
only in the work of retrenchment and reform, but
of equalization. If gentlemen desire to bringdown
the pay of members to a grade too low for ordi-
nary capacity, I will never go with them. I like
the system of the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr.
Toombs,] and I wiil support a plan which shall pay
members fairly and liberally; but I will go for
equalizing the pay; and 1 ask gentlemen of this
House, in the mean time, and until we shall get up
a law which shall affect the whole of us, and oper-
ate with uniformity—at least that shall profess so
to act—with what propriety do we continue this
distinction against the Delegate from Oregon?
Whenever a general law is introduced, he will be
affected by it.
Now, in regard to the argument of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens.] He says
there is a contract between the Government of the
United States and the Representatives upon this
floor. A contract that the Government slmll pay
the Delegate from Oregon according to the exist-
ing law, and that he shall receive such pay and be
contented with it. The gentleman also speaks of
vested rights. Now, that is going a little further
with the doctrine of contracts and vested rights
than anything 1 ever heard of before—a contract
that the services shall be given for a consideration!
Then does the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Stevens,] and do gentlemen from Maryland, New
York, Virginia, Massachusetts, and the surround-
ing States, carry out that contract in good faith
when they go home and attend to their personal
business, and draw their per diem here? It is an
infringement of the contract; and if you are to
carry it out, it would authorize the Government
to declare that contract at an end, and such mem-
bers would be without a seat upon this floor. Sir,
1 understand that the representative owes his duty
to his constituents, and that it is a question to be
settled between him and them, whether he does
his duties, and is upon this floor a length of time
sufficient to discharge those duties to the best in-
terests of his constituents and the country. Let
him answer it to his own conscience, and upon
his honor, and to them. He is liable and amena-
ble to nobody else.
This mileage was placed originally, as I under-
stand, upon the basis that the Capitol should be
here. It was regarded as worth something to this
countiy to have it here—worth something to this
locality and the surrounding States; and gentle-
men who travel to it, were to be paid so many
cents per mile for travel, regardless of the distance.
Tf, in the process of time, and the progress of
improvements and facilities in traveling, this sys-
tem has become wrong, I repeat, lay the axe at
the root of the tree; correct the evil at its very basis:
let it affect every member here alike; but do not
insist upon a discrimination which affects only one
member upon this floor. But it is said, that it has
peculiar force, because it is found in the organic
law of the Oregon Territory. Why, Mr. Speaker,
those of us who had seats upon this floor at the
time when that act became a law, will agree with
me, that we would have voted for it, with any pro-
vision that could have been made in regard to the
payment of the Delegate, if it had been one thou-
sand, eight hundred, or ten thousand dollars.
Such was the feeling of Congress upon that occa-
sion4, such was the feeling of the country, and the
geneial demand for the organization for Oregon Ter-
ritory, that the question of the compensation of
the Delegate was not edhsidered for one moment.
You might have named any number of dollars,
and it would have been adopted with equal facility
and with the same number of votes. The great
question of organizing that Territory swallowed
up all others. There were men in this House
who felt opposed to, and I, for one, expressed
myself against that restriction at that time. I
avowed my determination to vote against it if I
could get an opportunity to do so; but, at the
same time, I felt as others did, that the question
«f organizing that territory was a paramount one.
Because such were the emergencies of that day,
does it constitute any reason for now continuing a
thing that was wrong in itself? Why, sir, it will
| never do to consider this question of mileage ab-
| stractly—the thing is right or wrong comparative-
| ly. You may say that $2,500 is enough for one
] man to receive for traveling expenses, and let it
• be so; but graduate other men's rights according-
j ly. Let every man stand or fall upon the same
] principle. I do not see how the gentleman from
' Georgia [Mr. Toombs]—and I concede as much
ability to him as any man—has answered my ques-
tion. But does this principle operate so rightfully
when it amounts to a thousand or fifteen hundred
dollars, and absolutely wrong when it gets up to
three or four thousand dollars. I consider this
not only an invidious distinction, but as one be-
neath the dignity of this House and the Govern-
ment. I am not amongst the number of gentle-
men who believe this Government should be felt
only in its power; it should be felt in its mercy,
in its generosity, in its magnanimity, and in its
justice. I believe, with the gentleman from South
Carolina, [Mr. Woodward,] that there is too
much clamor upon this subject, and that we at
times are a little too much afraid of maintaining
our own dignity, for fear we shall not be sent here
to maintain it at all. There is reason, as he says,
why a member of Congress should be paid enough •
to induce him to stay here in the discharge of his
duti.es, instead of asking for a clerkship of a third
or fourth rate in the Departments.
1 Mr. SACKETT. I will make a statement, if
! the gentleman will permit me, with a view of ask-
j ing a question, and it is this.: A Congress ordma-
> rily sits about twelve months. The fifteen months
i from the 1st of December of the first session to the
end of the next in March, which would give a per
diem compensation of $2,920. Theaverage distance
of travel is about six hundred miles; taking the
whole Congress together, making $1,120 for travel
at both sessions, which would give, as the entire
compensation of members upon an average,
$4,040 for the whole Congress. The Delegate
from Oregon, allowing that he does not return du-
ring the sessions, which is fair, would make him
chargeable with three months' additional service,
and a month's additional service for the additional
time in traveling, over the other members, which
would make his entire service for the two ses-
; sions just about seventeen months, and his com-
i pensation at the present rate fixed by law—if I
j am correct as to his being allowed $2,500 for each
I session—$7,920; while the average of the other
| members for thirteen months' services is $4,040.
Thus the excess of that Delegate's compensation
over that of the other members is $3,880. I be-
lieve this statement is substantially correct.
Mr. STUART. I do not see how any of these
arguments affect the question at all. I have not
contended for a moment that the present law reg-
ulating the pay of members of Congress operates
equally. I concede, and concede cheerfully, that
it operates very unequally I have contended, and
j I intend to, that it is now based upon a well-
! ascertained principle, that it is eight dollars per day
i and so many cents per mile for traveling expen-
! ces; and there is no reason why you should dis-
j Iriminateagainstone man and not against another,
j I have said, if the system is wrong remodel it; but
i do not apply it to any one man when it has no
! application to another. Let us begin so that it
i will affect us all equally; and I will go with him
I who goes furthest and most zealously.
i Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. From the
'! commencement of this discussion 1 have listened,
j being silent myself. I have voted for this bill in
i every stage of its progress, and I have heard noth-
ing from any gentleman upon this floor tending to
convince me that I have done wrong in thus vo-
ting. Now, the only argument I have heard
which it seems to me is entitled to the character o f
one, is that presented by the gentleman from
Georgia, [Mr. Toombs;] and it appears to me that
the gentleman, upon a reconsideration of it, will
admit that while his argument may be a correc t
jj one, the premises upon which he bases it are cer-
|] tainly not right. It is true that the gentlemen from
][ California, and from other parts of the country,
\\ are paid at the rate of forty cents a mile for the
'! number of miles traveled. He says that it is wrong;
jj but it is according to law. He says that it is
II right to pay them only $2,500. Now, before I
