1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2359
marks I am submitting to the committee. I was
going on to state what I regarded to be the true
construction of the treaty of 1895. It was this;
that in pursuance of the policy of the Govern-
ment, which the Indians themselves had requested
to be pursued, the Government of the United
States determined to locate both branches of the
Shawnee tribe of Indians in the same region of
country, and thus reunite them. Hence, we find
in the treaty of 1825 that the United States agreed
to give fifty miles square of land to the Missouri
Shawnees, and to those of Ohio who might after-
wards emigrate to it. The Government did not
part with the entire fifty miles square, but it was
m the nature of a reservation on the part of the
Government to locate within that particular coun-
try both bands of the Shawnee tribe. I construed
then that treaty as not parting with the right ab-
solutely on the part of the Government, but as in
pursuance of its policy. It is admitted that the
intention was to locate both branches of the tribe
there, and that in the treaty of 1825 the right was
reserved to locate the Ohio Shawnees there, in the
event they were willing to emigrate. I will not say
that it reserved the right to any particular charac-
ter of country, or any particular 100,000 acres of
country. That is a matter left to be decided by
the committee. The Missouri Indians were re-
moved in 1826-'28, and in 1832 the Ohio Shawnees
were removed to the same place. There was no
application, or at least there are contradictory
statements upon that subject. I understand re-
cently that a statement has been made in a petition
or paper of some sort, before the Senate, that the
Ohio Shawnees applied to the Government to lay
off 100,000 acres of land, previous to 1844. The
gentleman who has the management of this case—
and I speak of him with all proper respect as a
gentleman of intelligence, and who understands
this matter thoroughly—in his presentation of the
case says, that in 1844 application was made for
a title, and that the then Indian Department de-
cided they were not entitled to a patent, or would
not give them a separate patent. That was issued,
and the Indians are now living upon it. They
have been there some twenty years, and if in 1844
the first application was made, it was some twelve
years before they ever applied to have 100,000
acres set apart for themselves. Now, as I said
before, if these Indians desire to have their 100,000
acres get apart, I believe the Government has the
right to comply with their wish under these trea-
ties and give a patent for the land. If it has not,
the treaties provide that they shall have it contig-
uous, and there are vacant Indian lands contigu-
ous. If, however, the contiguous Indian lands
are not fit to locate these Indians upon, the treaty
provides that they shall be located upon any of the
Indian lands of the United States. I have no con-
clusive proof before me satisfactory as to the
character of the land that is contiguous to the fifty
miles square. If I were satisfied that the land
was unsuitable, I should be unwilling to locate
them upon it. I would be opposed to forcing the
Indians to take land that would not afford them a
subsistence. Underthesecircumstancesthe Com-
mittee of Ways and Means of this House have
also recommended a concurrence in that amend- i
ment of the Senate. This is all I have to say at
present.
Mr. FITCH. Mr. Chairman,I intend to briefly
discuss a few of the amendments of the Senate to
the bill now under consideration. As I do not
trouble the committee often, and then usually on
business before them, 1 ask their attention on the
present occasion, because it is rather embarrassing
to speak to inattentive ears. I desire to convince
them of the correctness of my views upon these
amendments, or, at least, if they be not correct, I
cannot ask, nor do I desire their support. If they
be correct, I am certain the committee will thank
me for convincing them of that fact, so that they
may not do injustice by voting without a proper
understanding of the whole facts of the case. I
shall first address myself to the Eel River amend- 1
ment. It will be recollected by members of the
last Congress, and I will briefly repeat, for the ben-
efit of those who were not then members, that
when the appropriation in the regular Indian bill
for the payment of the annuities of the Eel River
Indians came up, I questioned the existence of
such a tribe, and expressed my reasons for believ-
ing in their non-existence. A few years previous
to that I had known nearly all of them in my pro-
fessional capacity, but they had disappeared from
my eye. 1 supposed that they had amalgamated
with some other band, or that a feud which existed
between them and another band, had resulted in
the death of the Eel Rivers, as I knew it had in
the death of their chief. I then moved, and it was
adopted, the insertion of a proviso into the Eel
River appropriation, that the money should not
be paid unless the existence of that band was pre-
viously ascertained, and then to that band, and
that band only; for I was convinced that the money
was paid somewhere, and wrongfully, as I found
the appropriation made regularly year after year.
In accordance with that proviso, the Department
took steps to ascertain whether such a band was
in existence. The result of that investigation was,
that that band, although diminished in number—
there only surviving sixteen individuals—was yet
in existence as a distinct and independent band of
Indians upon their own land, recognizing among
themselves their own social laws, and having no
intercourse with any other band, and very little
with the surrounding whites. Their number,
though so small, was considerable compared with
their strength when we last treated with them.
The band within the knowledge of the whites was
always small.
In the first treaty—that of 1795—by which we
obligated ourselves to pay them forever a portion
of this annuity, they were represented by only
one man, who was their chief; and they then num-
bered not fur from one hundred individuals. Jn
the second treaty of 1805, by which we obligated
ourselves to pay them another portion of this an-
nuity, they were represented by only three individ-
uals, and they then mustered less than one hundred
in all—scarcely fifty. In 1809, when at the last
treaty we promised to pay them the last portion of
this annuity, and forever without any restriction
as to their number, they were represented by three
individuals; and then they only numbered about
fifty persons. Of that fifty we purchased a ter-
ritory as valuable as any other portion of my
State—a territory from which the lecords of the
Land Office will show we have derived more than
these annuities will probably ever amount to. In
consequence of the provision I have alluded to,
the annuity for two years past, has been re-
tained m the Treasury; but after the Department
became convinced of the fact that the band was
still m existence, I moved the amendment to this
bill which was stricken out by the Senate. The
amendment, as will be recollected, provided that
the moneys previously paid to the Miamies proper
by mistake—and it had been thus paid for ten or
twelve years instead of to the Eel Rivers—should
be refunded to the Eel Rivers. The Eel Rivers
remonstrated, as the files of the Department will
show, against the payment of their money to the
Miamies; but that remonstrance was not attended
to. The money was thus diverted with the knowl-
edge of the Miamies. They are mostly intelligent
men, and knew they were receiving the money of
others. It was in accordance with the views of
the present Commissioner of Indian Affairs that
the amendment, which the Senate have stricken
out, was inserted, providing that the moneys here-
tofore erroneously paid to the Miamies should be
refunded out of their annuities. What justground
of objection is there against taking it from those to
whom it was erroneously paid to pay those who
were entitled to it? The Miami nation number
but few. There are some four or five hundred, or
less, in the tribe, and they received $37,000 an-
nually, some $10,000 or $11,000 belonging to the
Eel Rivers having been paid them besides.
The Senate amendment proposes to pay the Eel
Rivers what is due to them, but only upon the
condition that they will first bind themselves to
release the United States from any further obliga-
tion to pay these annuities. The Senate propose
to hire these Indians, with their own money, to
relinquish the rights they hold under treaty stipu-
lations, and which we have solemnly guarantied
them forever. Is this a proper specimen of Uni-
ted States magnanimity—of Senatorial justice?
They propose to pay the Indians $15,000, ac-
knowledged to be due withont any condition, but
only on the condition that the latter release us
from the payment of further sums equally as just-
ly due by treaty. Doubtless this committee wish
to see justice done. If the House of Represent-
atives shall insert a provision in their own amend-
ment that at a certain time the payment of this
annuity shall cease because this band of Indians
is reduced in number, I will urge no strenuous
objection; but my hand shall pen no such amend-
ment, nor would a sense of justice permit me to
give it my support. If the committee wish to do
it, they can; but let them not say to the Indians
that they shall receive nothing of what is due them
unless they obligate themselves to relieve this Gov-
ernment from any further claim. Rather let there
be inserted a provision that within three or four
years the payment of their annuities shall cease.
These Indians will then have fair warning of the
injustice intended them, and their necessities not
made available to compel their consent to our vio-
lation of treaties.
Another exceptionable partof the Senateamend-
ment is this: By the investigation which ascer-
tained the existence of this tribe, it was found that
two women of the Eel River band had intermar-
ried with Miamies, and moved west of the Mis-
souri, and were the mothers of children—three in
all.
They have thus by intermarriage and by adop-
tion become Miamies, and draw their annuity as
such. By the Senate amendment they would be-
come the recipients of a portion of the Eel River
annuities, thus giving double pay to them—once
as Miamies, and once as Eel Rivers. I do not pro-
pose to consume the time of the committee in read-
ing the treaties by which we obligated ourselves
to pay these annuities. It is sufficient to say that
the treaties ?re in the usual form, and obligate the
United States for a valuable consideration; the re-
ceipt of which is acknowledged to pay the Eel
River Indians a certain amount of money, the ag-
gregate by the three treaties, amounting to$11,000
per annum, and that this money has been illegally
paid to the Miamies. We propose to refund for
benefit of the Eel Rivers the money thus wrong-
fully paid, from the Miami annuities, in such man-
ner as shall not distress the latter, and in sums at the
discretion of the Department. I know no good
reason why the money should be paid out of the
United States Treasury without reimbursement
from the Miamies. If there is such reason, the
Department knows, and will act upon it under the
discretion permitted by the amendment. I was
very glad to hear the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means [Mr. Houston] say that he
believed my amendment was a just one so far as
the Government was concerned, and his sole ob-
jection for coinciding with the amendment of the
Senate was that the payment of the money out of
the Miami annuities might create dissatisfaction
on their part. I have already remarked that the
men of the latter nation were intelligent. They
must have known they were receiving money
which did not belong to them, and they cannot
expect otherwise than that they will be asked to
repay it. At all events, any hardship which may
result to them, or any dissatisfaction which may
be entertained by them, can be obviated under the
discretion left the Department by the amendment.
I trust, therefore, that the committee and House
will insist upon our amendment. It is more just
to the United States, and it is the only shape in
which an amendment can be adopted to do justice
to the Eel Rivers, and the other Indians concerned.
I pass next to another amendment, which was
introduced by myself, from the Indian Committee,
and adopted at my suggestion, but which the Sen-
ate committee have stricken out, and to which the
gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Houston] alluded
during his remarks. 1 mean the amendment ap-
propriating $221,000 to the Menomonees, for addi-
tional compensation for land purchased of them.
I do not propose to go back and repeat the discus-
sion previously had upon this subject. I take it
for granted that those who listened then know
precisely the facts and circumstances attending
upon the treaty. It is sufficient to repeat the fact
known to the riouse, and admitted in the Senate
by almost every individual who spoke upon the
subject, that we purchased of the Menomonees
5,000,000 acres of valuable land, and paid them for
but 3,000,000 acres. It is sufficient to repeat, that
they were wronged out of several hundred thou-
sand acres of land. Whether it was done through
error or purposely is immaterial to the issue. The
fact is still the same, that they were paid for only
a certain number of acres, and induced to part
with at least 2,000,000 acres for which they were
not paid. The main facts, I say, are admitted m
the Senate debate. Nearly every Senator who
