urn
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 28,
sey, [Mr. Stockton-,] on the other side of the
Chamber, that a book of this description is highly
useful in navigation; that it is employed exten-
sively by foreign seamen, and is highly useful to
navigators of our own country. From, consider-
ations of this kind, I have sustained the work
hitherto, and shall continue to do so till Isee plain-
ly the evidence,of abuses. It is the duty of the
Senate to go on with what has been begun, and
seejtliat it is brought to completions for it will be
hardly worth while, after having spent so much
money to drop the matter now; and to drop it,
solely, on. the ground that it will be too expen-
sive.
With all due deference to the Senator from New
Hampshire, [Mr. Hale,] I think that all the rea-
sons he has urged again the appropriation are
insufficient, and that it will be expedient to let the
work take its course.
Mr. MALLORY. With some little knowledge
of the-Navy, I yield to no man on the floor of the
Senate, in a desire that it should be placed on a
footing commensurate with its importance, and
the increasing wants of the country. I find my-
self, however, obliged to vote against this meas-
ure. I find myself unexpectedly concurring in
my views with the Senator from hew Hampshire,
and I congratulate myself that 1 can concur with
him on some points. I call on all Senators who
are friends of the Navy to put themselves against
allowing any officer any extra compensation in
face of the fact, that we have these existing statutes
against granting any extra pay.
Whether this gentleman is competent or not, is
not the question. We all concede that he is com-
petent; he is one of the most meritorious in the
Navy, and perfectly competent for this or any other
service. But this is not the question.• In his
present position he enjoys a preferred situation
while he is employed upon a work which every
officer in the Navy is presumed to be competent to
perform. He gets a yearly stipend for his labor,
and then we are here called upon to pay him
$3,000 extra. Whether that is too little or too
much is not the question. We have an Observa-
tory, and we supply it with all needed facilities in
the shape of instruments, books, &c. Congress
never denies for a moment any appropriation
which is suitable'to enable it to carry out its ob-
jects. We place officers there for the purpose of
carrying out its designs, and as the Senator" from
New Hampshire [Mr. Hale] has stated, the very
instant we require something practical, and that
something in the line of their duty, which we sup-
pose them eminently qualified to perform, they
come hete.and ask for extra compensation. It is
the system of granting extra compensation, and
giving preferred situations to officers in the Navy,
which more than anything else deteriorates the
character of the Navy, and makes it a great elee-
mosynary institution.
There are officers of the Navy who are as ig-
norant practically of the command of a ship as
any of us upon this floor. They are theoretically
acquainted with what is required; but they cannot
carry their knowledge into practice. This arises
from the fact that we keep them in situations
where they are precluded from acquiring the prac-
tice of their profession for years at a time. These
are preferred situations; and the instant we re-
quire something of them which is of a practical
character, they come here and ask for increased
compensation.
I agree with the Senator from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Davis,] that if we were to call upon a scien-
tific gentleman to perform this duty, ^3,000 per
annum would not be too great a compensation.
But I asls, Have we not this Observatory ? Do we
not detail officers and keep them there for years,
and do they not become experienced in (heir duty
by devoting themselves to these particular duties,
to the neglect of the ordinary duties of a naval
officer? We ha.ve officers abroad, at increased
salaries, to acquire this kind of practical knowl-
edge, and instead of taking the officers of the
Navy in rotation, and giving each of them an op-
portunity to acquire this kind of practical knowl-
edge, we keep the identical officers in the same
situations for years, and these situations give
them advantages which other sea-going officers
do not enjoy, and when we call upon them to do
what is simply their duty, we are asked to give
them an extra compensation.
Mr. CLEMENS. There are some facts con-
nected with this matter which I think ought to be
known to the Senate and to the* country; and
whether they liave anyinfluence here or not, they
will, perhaps, have some influence upon those who
are more directly responsible to the people than we
are here.
. Under the act of the 3d of March, 1849, Lieu-
tenant Davis applied to the Fourth Auditor of the
Treasury for the sum of §3,000 as pay for super-
intending the Nautical Almanac. The Fourth
Auditor rejected this claim, or at least denied that
he had any power to pay it. He then came to
Congress, and asked for an appropriation of §3,000
for his benefit. Upon my motion, that sum was
stricken out of the general appropriation bill by
this body. Then, under this act, by which the
Fourth Auditor had denied liis right to pay this
amount, and after the rejection of the appropri-
ation by the Senate, he authorizes the payment of
this amount for two years back, to Lieutenant
Davis; and in answer to the letter of the Senator
from New Hampshire, [Mr. Hale,] he tells us
very gravely, that while under the preceding law,
although the appropriation was not in terms in-
cluded, yet a subsequent act which did not, in
terms, exclude its payment, he was justified in
making this payment. Sir, the Journal of our
proceedings here showed that it was excluded, and
that by a vote of two to one of the members of
this body. He came here and asked for this ap-
propriation, and we rejected it; and yet. in the
face of that rejection, tbe Fourth Auditor takes
upon himself the responsibility of making this
payment, and in defiance, too, of the action of the
Senate in regard to the application. I am opposed
to any further appropriation for this purpose. I
was opposed to it then; and it would be a direct
condemnation of our own act to insert it now, es-
pecially considering that it has been paid in defi-
ance of our authority.
We have heard much, Mr. President, about the
propriety of paying this sum, because it is to go
to an accomplished oilicer, and an estimable gen-
tleman. Sir, there are many accomplished officers
and estimable gentlemen in the service of the United
States; but their accomplishments and amiability
do not justify them in putting their hands into the
public Treasury. These officers, it should be re-
membered, owe all that they are to the Govern-
ment. The Government educates them and sup-
ports them; and their services are, therefore, due
to the Government.
Mr. BORLAND. There is a great deal of
force and pertinence in the observations made by
the Senator from Alabama; not because the
amount of the salary paid to Lieutenant Davis,
or to any other officer of the Navy, is too great,
but on the principle that I laid down yesterday,
in discussing the general character of the defi-
ciency bill, that it is wrong in itself, and deserves,
ana should receive at the hands of both Houses
of Congress, marked reprobation. Some measure
should be adopted to enforce the discontinuance of
a practice which has grown up m this Govern-
ment, which, during the last two or three years,
appears to be accumulating in its enoimity, and
which permits the Executive to thrust his hand
into the publicTreasury, not only without author-
ity of law, but in direct contravention and con-
tempt of the law. Three thousand dollars con-
stitute but a small sum, and the disposal of them
does not affect, by its amount, the character of
the Government, or the interests of the Govern-
ment; but if it is paid away, not merely without
authority of law, but as the Senator from Ala-
bama [Mr. Clemens] has shown, in spite of the
law, and after the refusal by a two-thirds vote of
this body to sanction it, it becomes the establish-
ment of a principle, and the recognition of a prac-
tice which would justify the Executive in taking
every dollar out of the Treasury, and paying it to
whomsoever he pleases. j
We see what has resulted from permitting sflch j
a policy, and we can see what it will lead to. We j
see that the expenses of the Government are going !
on, increasing in a ratio which must, in a few
years, be ruinous to the Government itself. It
has gone on increasing from the beginning of this
Government, up to the prese.nt date, at the rate of
twonty-two hundred per cent., from an expenditure
of one million nine hundred thousand dollars per
annum to forty-three millions, last year; and, as
we have good reason to believe, it will this year
reach fifty-two millions. It has increased at the
rate of one hundred per cent, for twelve years past;
and calculating, on thfs data, our expenditure in •
1864, twelve years hence, it will amount to a hun-
dred and four millions a year; and carrying the
calculation up to 1876, just a hundred years from
the birth of this Government, we shall find that it
reaches two hundred and eight millions. How
can this Government exist under such an expend-
iture as that? We find that millions on millions
of dollars are expended to swell this amount with-
out authority, not only without authority of law,
but when the Executive comes here, and asks for
an appropriation of money for a certain purpose,
and we tell him by a decided vote that he shall not
have it, he expends it contrary to law; he violates
the law, and treats the action of Congress—the
only legitimate and constitutional keeper of the
public purse—with contempt. It remains to be seen
whether Congress, this Democratic Congress—
always preaching economy in Jthe Administration,
and the propriety and necessity of compelling the
Administration to pursue a constitutional and legit-
imate course, will sanction such proceedings on the
part of the Executive, and then go to the country
and tell the people, to turn this extravagant Whig
Administration out of office.
Sir, whether Lieutenant Davis is entitled, from
his accomplishments, to receive one, two, or ten
thousand dollars a year, has nothing to do with the
merits of this question. The real question is,
whether the Executive shall be permitted, not only
without the authority of law, but in violation of
the law, to thrust his hand into the Treasury, and
carry out measures in any of the Departments, at
his own will ?
Mr. BADGER. The Senator from Arkansas
reminds me of a story which I once heard related
in a legislative body somewhat differentfrom this.
A certain preacher delivered a discourse one Sun-
day,from the text " The conies are a feeble folk;"
and on the next Sunday he delivered precisely the
same sermon from the text " There were giants in
the earth in those days." [Laughter.] And the
honorable Senator, upon this little appropriation,
this question of striking out this proviso allowing
to an accomplished officer a compensation of
$3,000 for very peculiar services, rises and repeats,
in substance, the denunciations which he uttered
on the enormous^extravagance of this Government,
and this Administration, to which the Senate list-
ened With so much pleasure yesterday. Now, I
have no objection, at the proper time and in the
proper place, to enter upon the consideration of
the question of that extravagance 
Mr. DAWSON. Now; now.
Mr. BADGER. And I think it would be no
difficult matter to show again, as has been shown
conclusively by my friend, the Senator from Ma-
ryland, [Mr. Pf.arcf,] that the charge wants one
essential and proper qualification of a good charge
—namely, a sound foundation. But I will not
enter into that. I hope we shall be allowed to
pass upon this little appropriation without entering
into a general discussion about the extravagance
of the Administration, although there may be gen-
tlemen here who are delegates to the Convention
about to assemble at Baltimore, listening to this
discussion, and perhaps being edified in view of
the platform which they are about to make in re-
gard to the candidates for the Presidency.
With regard to this particular appropriation,
the Senator from Alabama was mistaken if he
supposed that he brought forward anything new
in relation to the facts. They were all brought
forward the other day by the Senator from New
Hampshire, [Mr. Hale,] who stated them with
clearness, and urged them with force; and if they
were not well and distinctly heard by the Senate,
I will venture to say that it was not because he
spoke in so low a tone that he could not be heard.
[Laughter.] Indeed, so far as that is concerned,
I question whether a tolerably attentive auditory
outside of these walls would not have been able to
collect the general tenor of his remarks. I took
occasion then to say what I will not now repeat.
This matter was considered in committee. I took
occasion then to state, and 1 repeat the substance
of it now, that there was no payment made to
Mr. Davis, either in violation of law or without
the sanction of law; but that the payments were
justified bv the interoretation put upon the act.
And the interpretation was a just and sensible in-
terpretation.; and I would hazard what little of
legal reputation I have attained in, (I am sorry to
