1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
say,) something considerable beyond thirty years'
practice of my profession, if I could have that
question submitted, not to a Senate of politicians
on the eve of a presidential eleqtion, but to a ju-
dicial tribunal, to make it manifest beyond the
fear of successful contradiction or denial. But I
will not go into that.
The question is not, as the Senator from Arkan-
sas seems to suppose, whether we shall give our
sanction.to what has been done in the Executive
Department. Not at all, sir; not at all. This
proviso is to authorize by act of Congress the pay-
ment of this officer that sum of money. It is, that
it shall be legitimately paid according: to the inter-
pretation of every gentlemen; that if there be
doubts in the minds of Senators in regard to the
Constitution put upon the old law, these doubts
may be removed; and I trust that this worthy and
excellent officer will not be made to suffer on ac-
count of the supposed extravagance of the Admin-
istration. Visittheir delinquencies, if delinquencies
they are, upon themselves and not upon a gentle-
man who is in every way entitled to compensation,
and on whom this compensation would be well
and properly bestowed.
Mr. President, the honorable gentleman from
Arkansas talks about the Executive taking money
out of the Treasury and expending it at ins own
will. Sir, I think the Senator from Arkansas
will find himself utterly unable to verify the prop-
osition that in one single instance the Administra-
tion has expended one dollar which has not been
appropriated by act of Congress; not one dollar.
Ill this case there was an undoubted appropriation;
and it is not pretended that the appropriation was
exceeded. Six thousand dollars were appropriated
for the expenses of a Nautical Almanac, including
the pay of a superintendent. The only question
is, whether a correct interpretation was put upon
that law, as to the right to allow a certain amount
of compensation to the superintendent; whether,
because he was an officer of the Navy the Secreta-
ry was piecluded from paying him anything more
than his ordinary compensation as an officer, or
whether the law authorizes this payment. That
was the question.
The money was no doubt appropriated, not
only to defray the general expenses of the Nauti-
cal Almanac, but appropriated for the payment of
the Superintendent. That is clear; and the only
question is, whether that interpretation is right,
by which it was supposed that he was to be paid
as a superintendent distinct from, and beyond the
ordmaiy compensation which he was to receive as
an officer, when in the discharge of the usual du-
ties assigned to him. That is the whole question.
Now, whether the interpretation was right, or
wrong, it is.not a case of seizing the money from the
Treasury. It was an interpretation put upon the
law by intelligent men; an interpretation sanctioned
by the head of the Navy Department, of whom 1
will take occasion to say that there is not a gen-
tleman on this floor who is a better lawyer than
he is, nor is there anywhere a gentleman of
higher honor, or more unimpeachable itftegrity,
or who, in his private and public transactions,
stands with hands more clean and untouched,
either by the charge or the suspicion of delin-
quency. Like all other men, however, he may
have erred in judgment. But if error in judgment
constituted crime, God help us all here! for we
should all be criminals of the worst die if our past
transactions should be looked into, and errors of j
the head should be charged, not as errors of the ;
head, but as errors of the heart.
The Senator from Alabama [Mr. Clemens]
said this money was paid, not only without the
authority of law, but indirect contradiction to a
vote of the Senate, refusing to allow the payment.
Well, how does the fact of the refusal to allow
the payment, show that the money was paid con-
trary to lay? That brings us back to the ques-
tion as to what was the meaning of the first law.
If the first law authorized the payment, there was j
no necessity for another for that purpose. There
was no declaration of the Senate, or the House of
Representatives as to the interpretation of the law.
That was left to the Executive Departments.
There it was; and if that law warranted the pay-
ment, it did not cease to warrant it because the
Senate refused to put it in or strike out a particular
sum in the general appropriation bill of 1850.
But again, Mr. President, I had occasion to re-
mark, the other day, that the vote upon striking
out that amendment, or rather of not concurring
in it, furnishes no criterion at all of the opinion
of the Senate, by which we may judge of the
abstract justice, or the propriety of this measure
itself.
1 had occasion to remark, the other day, that
we were at the close, and in the last hours of the
session; that we were warned over and over again
by the Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Hunter,]
who was at the head of the Committee on Finance,
that we would endanger the passage of the bill
by incumbering it with amendments. And, as I
stated the other day, I recollect very well that the
honorable Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Clay,]
whose severe and protracted illness we all so deep-
ly regret, voted on that occasion with the Senator
from New Hampshire to prevent the bill from be-
ing incumbered with another amendment; and
voted against striking out an amendment therein,
for the reason that he would vote for no other
amendment which would be likely to embarrass
the bill as it came from the House of Represent-
atives. If, therefore, the Secretary of the Navy
looked into the Journal of the Senate to ascertain
what took place during the last hours of the ses-
sion, he could have found out nothing, either be-
cause members of the Senate were opposed to
allowances, or afraid to endanger the bill, or be-
cause they might think that it was unnecessaiy,
being provided for in the original law. However
these matters may be, I submit to the Senator
from Arkansas not to concur in inflicung what
would be a real punishment and wrong upon this
highly-talented and meritorious officer. Let us
keep this proviso in, and let us settle our political
disputes on some other occasion, at the expense
of the parties directly, and not at the expense of
this individual.
Mr. HALE. I have listened with a great deal
of pleasure, as I always do, and with instruction,
to the honorable Senator from North Carolina.
He has given double instruction; for he got up
and cautioned the^ienator from Arkansas against
repeating his sermon, as he called it, under an-
other text. All the difference between the Senator
himself and the Senator from Arkansas is, that he
has repeated lus speech of the other day upon the
same text. He has not even given us a variety
in the text.
But I do pray that the merits of this amendment
may not be lost sight of in this war of the roses,
because it has nothing to do with it. I do hope
the Senate will not lose sight of the main facts.
The Senator from North Carolina has failed to
tell us what our seven mathematical professors at
the Observatory are about. The honorable Senator
from Massachusetts has failed to tell us of the su-
periority of the mathematical and nautical instru-
ments at Cambridge, over those which we have
been buying here, and paying £,10,500 a year for,
with $8,000 for books.
Mr. BADGER. I did not state to the Senator
what the mathematical professors at the Observa-
tory were about, for the very obvious reason, that
I did not know. I am not in charge of the Observ-
atory, and have no communication with it; but I
take it for granted, that they are in the discharge
of their proper duties.
Mr. HALE. So I take it. I suppose they are
in the discharge of their proper duties, or they
would be ready to discharge this, if we would let
them. But here we have this fact; §31,000 are
expended annually for the purposes of science,
and we do not use enough of it to calculate an
eclipse. We appropriate and expend—I do not
know how—$31,000 in salaries, and $10,000 in
nautical instruments, and $8,000 in Dooks, and
yet, when we want to get an almanac calculated,
we have to send to Cambridge to get it done. I
want to know if this is not disgraceful to the
country, and derogatory to the gentlemen m
charge of the Observatory ? The very suggestion
of John Gluincy Adams, that it would be profit-
able to build one of these light-houses of the sk^-,
upset his Administration. But, sir, I do not think
the Observatory can be said to be much of a light-
house of the sky, if, when we want to look at an
eclipse, we have to go to Cambridge to look
through their telescope. That is the question
which labors in my mind. Where is the neces-
sity of twenty-three or twenty-four scientific men
here, when we have to go to Cambridge to get an
eclipse calculated? That, sir, I say, is the diffi-
culty that labors in my mind.
I hope the Senate attended to the remarks which
fell from the Senator from Florida, [Mr. Mal-
lory.] I know something about how these things
are done. I know something about the feelings
of other officers of the Navy. The honorable
Senator from North Carolina has more thaft once
intimated that I have some hostility to the Navy,
or to its officers. When did I ever make a motion
to lower the salary of an officer of the Navy ?
When did he ever hear me vote to take the first
mill from any legal emolument which any officer
had a right to enjoy? I have always been in favor
of paying them liberally, and of compensating
them as far as the law compensated them. We
do pay now by law, without any extra allow-
ance—and I want the Senate and the country to
know it, and I hope the' Delegates, if there are
any here, will listen to it also, notwithstanding
the caution of the Senator from North Carolina—
we pay, I say, to the officers of the American
Navy highersalaries than are paid to officers of the
same grade in any Navy on earth. The honor-
able Senator from North Carolina shakes his
head; but 1 have looked into the matter; and I
call upon Senators,'if they doubt it, to go and
look at the pay of the officers of the Royal
Navy of Great Britain, and of the Navies of
France and Russia. They will find that, to offi-
cers of the same grade, a higher compensation is
paid to officers in the American Navy than to the
officers of either the Russian, French, or English
Navy, or of any navy upon earth. Therefore
there is no necessity for this extra allowance of
compensation.
Then, if we have this Naval Observatory; if we
have a corps there of twenty-four or twenty-five
scientific men; if we are paying them a liberal
compensation, where, in the name of Heaven, is
the necessity, when we want an almanac, of de-
tailing another officer and sending'him to Cam-
bridge to make that almanac > That is the ques-
tion which the Senator from North Carolina says
he has not answered and cannot answer, because,
if there is any necessity for it, it is an impeach-
ment of those officers. It is saying that our Ob-
servatory is useless; that our professors are dunces;
and that our officers of the Navy are not compe-
tent to perform the duty which they ought to
perform. We are paying twenty-four scientific
men a salary, and, when we want a work done,
we must detail anotherman, and send him to Cam-
bridge to get it done.
I will not go into the questions which have been
brought into this discussion, except those which „
relate to this claim; but let me correct a single fact,
in regard to an officer, because I want to be accu-
rate. The officer to whom the Senator from Ala-
bama referred, was not the Fourth Auditor of the
Treasury, but the second Comptroller, Governor
Parris, who, I venture to say, was one of the
most worthy, faithful, honest, and intelligent offi-
cers we ever had. He was too honest, and too
intelligent and faithful to stay in his place. He
had to go off, because such claims as this could
not be got through while he was there. That is
the reason he is not there now. When he was
there, you could not get through a thing of this
sort. 'When this claim was presented, he said,
"No." Both the House and the Senate said
" No." The Senator from North Carolina is al-
together mistaken in his recollection of what took
place oh the amendment to the deficiency bill of
last year. If he will look to that bill as reported
by the Committee on Finance, he will find that the
amendment raising Lieutenant Davis's salary to
$3,000 a year, was one of the amendments re-
ported hy.that committee, and was in the bill as it
came from them.
Mr. BADGER. Certainly; but every amend-
ment made to the bill, whether reported by the
Committee on Finance or not, had to go to the
House of Representatives and be acted upon
there.
Mr. HALE. Then I am right in that. It was
one of the amendments reported by the committee,
and if it had been adopted it could not have em-
barrassed the bill more than the other amendments
which were adopted. The facts in the case are, that
the Second Comptroller would not pay the claim.
It went to the House, and they would not pay it.
It came here, and the Senate would not pay it.
Then Lieutenant Davis got affidavits from various
persons, and submitted them to the man wlio was
put in Governor Parris's place,and it was al-
