1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2861
man, call himself what he may, unless with the
consent of the President, could obtain a dollar of
this money. It is to be paid under the supervision
of the President. The $25,000 proposed by the
Senate for the removal of the Indians, is an ac-
knowledgment of the debt, but a mockery of its
payment. That amount would scarcely remove
them to their new homes, much less feed them for
any length of time after they reached there; for
they number not hundreds, but thousands, It is
somewhat singular that, notwithstanding their ob- j
jection to the attorneyship, many of the Senators [
who voted against this amendment, and, perhaps, I
on that ground, themselves supported a provision j
proposed to be inserted in the bill, appropriating '
$60,000 to an attorney in another case, for ser- j
vices rendered to other [ndians, thus recognizing .
and voting for the very principle which that body
objected to in this case. [
Again, they objected that perhaps the Indians j
would not receive the money, and that it is our 1
duty to pay to them and to them only, all the !
money which is due them, under any and all cir- j
cumstances. And yet, sir, they have inserted in ;
this very bill, an appropriation of some $20,000 to j
Grignon, for services not proved, and to be paid !
out of a fund belonging to the Menomonees—an I
appropriation which the Senate had themselves !
stricken out of a treaty some years since, and [
which the House Committee on Indian Affairs !
have recently refused. But now they come for- ,
ward, immediately after refusing to adopt the i
amendment of the House, on the ground that !
whites will receive part of the money, and appro- >
priate $20,000 from the money of the same Indians |
as a bonus to a white man. i
There is another amendment of the Senate, for !
the payment of a certain claim known as the Hart
claim—a claim which has been submitted to the
Committee on Indian Affairs of this House, and
rejected—a claim which we did not believe to be
just, and which, I trust, will not be allowed.
Another case to which I shall devote a little at-
tention, is a claim that was originally introduced,
in the shape of an amendment to this bill, by the
gentleman on my right, [Mr. Conger,] a member
of the Committee on Indian Affairs, but I am not
aware that it was ever acted upon by that com- i
mittee. It is an old claim for the payment to
David Taylor of $12,000. It went to the Senate
and was there amended by the addition of interest,
and comes back providing for the payment of
$24,000. The grounds upon which this claim j
stands, I will state as I understand it, with no dis- j
position whatever to do injustice to the claimant. '
The papers in the case certainly ought to have |
been in a different shape from what they are now, ,
before they were presented here, or the claim al- j
lowed upon them. It is a claim arising under a |
clause of the thirteenth article of the treaty of the ;
29th December, 1835, with the Cherokees. By 1
that treaty, certain individuals,half-breeds, whites, !
and others, who were recognized as Cherokees,
were permitted, if they possessed claims to land,
to retain that land; theirrightto it was recognized. ;
Taylor had such a claim. He was the husband j
of a Cherokee woman and the father of Cherokee !
children. But the State of Tennessee claimed the |
fee-simple in the land as soon as the Indian title
was extinguished, and compelled Taylor to pay j
$800, the price of the land at the rate of $1 25 an j
acre. He did pay it, and presented to the com- |
mission appointed under that same treaty of 1835, !
his claim for this $800. As the Government had
recognized his right to the land, that commission
very properly allowed the claim of $800, and in- ,
terest, the whole amounting to $1,500. That!
money was paid to him.
Subsequently, however, he presented a claim for
compensation in full for the land and improve-
ments, alleging that the State of Tennessee had \
dispossessed him. How could the .State of Ten- |
nessee deprive him of land in which he had the j
fee-simple from the State itself, and for which he j
had once paid the State5 I have seen no proof;
that he ever was dispossessed of his land, or at
least that he did not sell it for his own benefit. A ;
commission adjudicated that claim. Taylor came ,
before them with his claim, arid they passed upon !
it, and rejected it. An opinion of the Attorney i
General, Mr. Mason, is among the papers, stating 1
that a certificate of valuation which Taylor had i
must be considered as final, and entitling him to !
the amount claimed. Throughout the opinion ofj
| Mr. Mason there is an error—not a legal error,
I (for I profess to be no judge of such,) butan error
I of fact. The treaty under which the claim is pre-
| sented,provided that when a man presen ted a claim
j for land, or land and improvements, the value of
| the land should be ascertained, and a certificate of
value given him. This certificate of value was not
! proof of the justice of the claim, but formed apart
j of its basis. The certificate of valuation given by
! the agent or agents appointed to appraise the value,
| was proof of nothing but the value. The treaty
nowhere contemplates that such certificate shall be
final. The only final certificate was to be that of the
Board of Commissioners to investigate the claim.
This board rejected the claim. Mr. Mason rea-
sons upon the presumption that the certificate of
valuation could not have been issued, unless the
commissioners had previously adjudicated the
claim, and allowed it. Here is the error. The
certificate of valuation is dated September, 1843,
and the adjudication at which the claim was re-
1 jected is dated December, 1844, showing the error 1
I into which Mr. Mason had fallen, and showing
j clearly that the certificate of valuation was obtained ,
i as a preliminary step to the adjudication. The
: claim was presented to the commission, and upon
i all the evidence before them, they declined allow-
| ing it; they declined issuing that which the treaty
| itself says shall be final—the certificate of adjudi-
! cation. The claim may admit of explanation war-
] ranting its payment, but no such explanation have
1 seen—none at all satisfactory, and until such is |
■ produced, I trust the claim will not be allowed.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I will not de- I
tain the committee long, nor do I think I will
attempt to debate any one of the cases to which 1 1
shall allude. The Shawnee case is one concern- i
! mg which I wish to state a fact or too, to which I
j ask the attention of the committee.
I We adopted an amendment in this House to the
; Indian bill originally reported by the Committee of t
j Ways and Means, for the relief of the Shawnee
i Indians. The bill then went to the Senate, and 1
| the Shawnee amendment was stricken out by
them. Now, sir, a very singular and remarkable !
I circumstance occurred there—one thai will satisfy 1
| the entire House that we ought never to concur ■
, in their amendment striking out that provision, [t
; is a singular fact, that throughout the whole de-
{ bate in the Senate, almost every Senator admitted .
j that the specific amount claimed was due to these i
i Indians, and that there was no doubt about that,
j The only question was, not whether we owed it
to them, but as to the manner in which we should
1 pay it—one portion of the Senate seeking to pay
! it on one set of conditions, and another portion of
! the Senate seeking to pay it on another set of con-
ditions. Each different proposition failed—theie '
. being a small portion of the Senate opposed to both
■ of them—and thus it was that the whole nf the
i amendment put in by the House was defeated.
But all parties were in favor of paying the claim,
i In this state of the case I shall not go into any
j argument to show the justice of the claim, more
| especially as I argued'the matter somewhat at
1 length when it was originally before the House.
; At the proper time I shall ask the House to refuse
( to concurm the amendmentof the Senate striking
out the Shawnee sections. I believe the Commit-
| tee of Ways and Means have recommended that
we should concur in the Semite's amendment.
The Senate themselves, I imagine, could not have
| had any desire that we should concur, and our
j proper course would be to refuse to concur, and
; then a committee of conference can arrange the
j method in which the whole matter can he settled,
[ and the Indians can get what is their due. I
j shall therefore ask the House to adhere to its
' original proposition, and refuse to concur in the
■ motion of the Senate striking it out. That is all
i I have to say in regard to that case.
The Menomonee case I shall say nothing at all
| about. With regard to the Biloxi Bay indian
case, I shall attempt to make no argument on the
■ subject. I am entirely and fully satisfied of the
justice of the provision inserted by the Senate,
, and I hope that this House will concur in that
: amendment. I believe that the Committee of
' Ways and Means recommend the rejection of that
amendment also. But I am, nevertheless, e=ofis-
fied of the justice of the claim, and that no argu-
^ ment can be adduced against allowing if, unless it
■ he, that, having failed to do justice for some twenty
or thirty years, we ought therefore to refuse to do
it for ever. That is the only argument which I
can find for rejecting the case. But I will pass by
this amendment without further remark.
I come now to another provision, inserted by
the Senate, and in which the Committee of Ways
and Means, I believe, have concurred. It is for
the appropriation of a very small sum of money
for the purpose of procurring, or for the purpose
of making, a map of the Indian lands of the coun-
try, showing the various boundaries and localities
of the different tribes of Indians. Now, there is
not a map of that character in the possession of
either the Committee on Indian Affairs in the Sen-
ate, nor in the possession of the Committee on
Indian Affairs in this House, or in the possession
of any member of either committee; nor do I be-
lieve there is a member of either committee who
could tell you, if you were to put him to the test,
where our various tribes of Indians are located,
or give you their boundaries, their connections, or
the position in which they stand upon this conti-
nent, if they were to be hung for it on failure;
and here we are legislating in the dark upon this
subject. What they propose is, a small appro-
priation for the purpose of constructing a map
showing the location of these Indians, so that we
may legislate knowingly in relation to this subject
so far as the locality of these Indians is concerned.
Mr. HOUSTON. I think the gentleman is
mistaken.
Mr. .JOHNSON. No, sir. I say the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs have no such maps; and 1
hope the House will concur in it, to increase the
appropriation m the Senate amendment—it is
oniy some two or three hundred dollars as it now
stands—so as to embrace a likeprovision for maps
for the Committee on Indian Affairs in the House
as well as the Senate, i believe the committee in
the House, as well as that m the Senate, should
understand this subject, so that we may speak
knowingly when we come before the House to
advocate any particular policy. The chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means is not averse
to tins amendment, nor are the Committee of
Ways and Means, as I understand, seriously
averse to it. it is a thing so palpably necessary to
any intelligent action upon our part m relation to
these measure?', thai I cannot for a moment believe
this House will hesitate to adopt our amendment,
and to concurm that of the Senate.
The next amendment to which f shall refer, is
a new section which the Senate has added to the
bill—section three. I ask that the House shall
non-concur m this Senate amendment. 1 will read
the section, so that the House may understand it
fully, and then T \ul'gi\e them such information
in relation to the matter ,,s 1 am in the possession
of. The object of the section if3, without doubt,
good, but is an object which has long since been
accomplished .is far as it can be in accordance
with the best interests and prosperity of these In-
dians. it leads as follows:
uFh>-. «i. Ic i! lailki'r cnadcil. That the several
Millie ofmoin'\ appiopnaied by this .n-t to any Indian or
h.diatH, he paid dtreetlj to the Indian ot Indian- en-
titled tliejeto, and not t'  -my aijcnt 01 attoinoy of--.ml In-
dian oi tnduui^. wlH'fhei -aid atfmnov or atronf muv have
been con-ntutcd by powei of .iitoiney, «   oilimvise ; and
that no pci mki shall he appointed oi continued the a ent
of the 'Jo\t'rmiiei)t fo make any MH h :>avtn<'t:T who hold-*,
oi i- mlc: cMfd in any contiaci w till ,u,y : i.dian <>i Indians
mentioned m this act ; and that bcfoic any person shall he
allon fd to t.iaki! ativ miHi paj nvnl, or ni'\ <ijshur> emontof
m<>.i<-\ hot.'in appiopnatcd, he t-hall taki; and Mib-enhe to
an oaili b°inie some competent aulhotity, fo be fib d m the
i) |i u tinriit of the Jntenoi, that In.' doe-. i,«>t hoh!, and is
pi,t inietc-.ted,either directly or jndirect)v, >n ain mntja« t
<>! any Ki nd, with anv Indian or Indians mentioned m tins
a< f. and that lie vviit not, dinniirtbe continuance of hi> duty,
become tiic holdei of, or interested in, any such coiitiact."*'
Mr. HOUSTON. With the permission of the
gentleman from Arkansas, 1 will say, in regard to
<ns section of the bill, that when the Committee
of Ways and Means had it before them, they ex-
amined what papers they had which were before
the Senate. Since that time, however, I have read
a letter addressed to the chairman of the Commit-
tee of Indian Allans, [Mr. Johnson*.] It is a
lengthy communication, which I suppose it is not
intended should he read here now, in which there
are cases set forth winch aip m conflict with that
huv, and which make the hnv in conflict with some
of the provision;-: of treaties i am, m fin as I
am concerned as on.*- of the member;* of the Com-
mittee of Wayr, e-i ! Mean*, willing not to insist
upon that amendment.
Air. JOHN"SON. 1 will allude, as 1 proceed.
