1498
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 28,
lowed. And now, when you find out that that
claim has been allowed, you want to pass a proviso
that nobody else shall ever do the same thing;
but, inasmuch as this man has done it, he will be
permitted to receive $3,000 a year! It is a sort of
premium on the adroitness with "which money
can be taken out of the Treasury. You have
adopted the amendment that nobody else shall
ever do it—that no other estimate shall eyer war-
rant such a payment—and then you go on and
provide that the only man in whose behalf it ever
was done shall continue to receive the advance.
It is a mockery on legislation—it is a mockery on
the amendment which you have adopted—to say
that the only case in which the abuse has been
perpetrated shall enjoy the fruits of it, and nobody
else shall. For this reason X hope the proviso
will not be concurred in.
Mr. CLEMENS. The Senator from North
Carolina told us, with a good deal of confidence,
that he would hazard whatever reputation as a
lawyer he had obtained, that any lawyer would
place the same construction upon this law, as was
put upon it by the Comptroller. I beg to say to
the Senator, that he has put a very valuable article
in jeopardy very lightly. The error into which
he has fallen is a very common one. It is the
error of not having read the law itself, but of hav-
ing taken the Comptroller's say-so of what it is.
If you^tdmit that the Comptroller tells you pre-
cisely what the law is—gives you the truth, and
the whole truth—then by possibility it may
bear the construction which he has put upon it;
but, sir, 1 have the law on which this payment is
made before me. I propose to read it to the
Senate:
" For nautical hookc', maps charts, instruments, and all
other expanses of the hvd roitraplneal office, :
Provided, That a competent ofiu cr ol the Navy, not below
the grade of a lieutenant, be clunked with tile duty of pie-
pariliff a IVautical Almanac for publication ; and that the
Secretary of the Navy may, when ill his opinion the inter-
ests of navigation,would bo promoted thereby, cause any
nautical work-* that may from tune to tunc he published by
the hydrograplucal office, to bo sold at cost, and the pioceeds
received therefrom to be placed in ilie Tieasury of the
United States."
Mr. BADGER. What law is that?
Mr. CLEMENS. That is a section of the act
of March 3, 1849, under which the officer of the
Treasury claims to have made this payment; and
that is the section under which he claims to have
made it.
Now, Mr. President, there is not in thatactone
solitary word about the payment of the officer for
""-superintending the publication of this Nautical
Almanac. The only thing in it is, that the pro-
ceeds arising from the sales of ceitain works shall
go into the Treasury of the United States. By no
honest construction can it be contended that that
officer is authorized to ret-five one dollar over the
compensation allowed by law. Why, sir, lie is
a salaiied officer of the Government already. He
owed his service to tlie Government. The Gov-
ernment educated him. Whatever he is, theGov-
ernment made him. The Government suppoits
hint, and has supported him from his boyhood
up. His services were due to the Government,
and it was never the intention of Congress that
he should be paid double for performing a work
which he would much rather perform than go to
sea.
The Senator might have saved himself the trou-
ble of defending the Secretary of the Navy. J have
made no assault upon that gentleman. 1 insisted
that this Comptroller of the Treasury has acted
not only not in conformity with law, but m direct
violation of law. I say he did it with his eyes
open.
Mr. BADGER. I did not understand theSen-
ator as casting any imputation on the Secretary
of the Navy; but I mentioned that Secretary as
concurring in the opinion of the Comptroller, and
that that opinion has whatever weight he could
give to it, as to its propriety.
Mr. CLEMENS. The Senator is mistaken in
another particular; and very widely mistaken.
He supposes that the vote in the Senate upon
striking out this appropriation during die last Con-
gress was no test, and assigns as a reason, that
certain gentlemen were anxious to avoid any
amendments being made to the appropriation bill;
and he mentions particularly the distinguished'
Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Ci.at,] whose
illness keeps him from among us. If the Senator
had examined the Journals, he would have found
that he was mistaken in that particular. On my
motion, the proviso, " that the officer in charge of
1 said work shall receive the same compensation
' as the officer m charge of the National Observa-
'tory," was stricken out. Amongst those who
voted in favor of striking it out was the Senator
from Kentucky, to whom he has alluded. He
says that that Senator was opposed to inserting
the amendment, because he did not want to in-
cumber the bill with amendments. Why, in fif-
teen minutes afterwards he voted to incumber it
with the Collins line of steamers.
Mr. BADGER. That was a special case.
Mr.CLEMENS. Thatisnotall. Herearetwo
pages of votes on the Journal, one right after the
other, and, four times out of five, Ihe Senator from
Kentucky voted to put in amendments. Here are
the votes. I have the Journal before me. It
could not have been, therefore, for that reason that
the Senator from Kentucky voted to strike this
appropriation out. He voted to strike out as I
did, I have no doubt, because he thought the officer
was not entitled to receive it.
And now, Mr. President, I ask leave to read
the conclusion of this admirable letter of the Sec-
ond Comptroller. With this Journal before him,
with the knowledge of this fact, and the knowl-
edge, too, that the same proceedings had taken
place in the other end of the Capitol, he says;
" When the appointment of a superintendent is piovided
for by law, and his payment expressly authorized by the
appropriation act of one year,"—
Assuming that it had been expressly authorized,
which it never was, as the law I have read shows.
It never was authorized; but he assumes that it
was expressly authorized by a preceding appro-
priation act—
" And when the act of the followmaiycar contains an ap-
propriation for purposes that would properly include the
salary, and without,in tetms, excluding it"—
Who ever heard of its being excluded in an act ? j
The Journal is the place which shows whether it'
was excluded. Who ever heard of saying in an !
act, a law, passed by Congress, that this officer i
shall not receive so much > There was no neces- 1
sity for it. Without an express law authorizing
him to receive it, he could not get it.
"And if the whole amount of eniiiMles in which it is
specially contained is appropriated, it would certainty be
going very fai to say that the Secretaiy has 110 power to
alter it." l
It would " be going very fat- to say that the Sec-
retary has no power to alter it!" The facts, as
stated by me when ( was up before, and, as the
Senator from North Carohna'says, by the Senator
from New Hampshire tfieotberday—whosespeech
I did not happen to hear, although I was in the
Chamber at the time—are these, and they are not
in controversy: The act of March 3, 1849, makes
no appropriation for the payment of this super-
intendent. TheSecond Comptroller of the Treas-
ury at (hat time, when the superintendent applied
to him for payment, told him the law did not just-
ify him in making it. He then comes to Congress.
Congress says, "No, we will not pay it." Then
a new Second Comptroller, who had got into office
in the mean time, revenues the decision of his pre-
decessor, and in defiance of the votes of both
Houses of Congress, pays the superintendent for
two years back. These are the facts. They are
not controverted. The Senator from North Caro-
lina cannot deny them. Here are the documents.
There is no getting round them; and the question
now is, Shall we approve of the act of the Second
Comptroller?
Mr. BRADBURY. Mr. President, I under-
stand that the same question which the present
Second Comptroller of the Treasury has underta-
ken to determine, was previously submitted to
Governor Parris, while he filled that office, and
that he decided against the claim. He was the
proper person to adjudicate upon the question. It
came appropriately before him, and he, having
made the decision.it was res at/Jiiiiic/tta—a thing
adjudicated—a question settled; and I would like
to know how it happens, after a question of this
kind has been decided by the proper officer, that
his successor undertakes a revision of it? An im-
portant lesson may be learned from this proceed-
ure. We find that the former Second Comptroller
stood in the way of claims of this character. A more
competent and faithful officer could not be found
in the public service in any of the Departments of
the Government. He was removed. Why wag
it? Was it, as has been intimated by the Senator
from New Hampshire, that the check imposed
upon the expenditure of the public money by his
watchfulness might be removed ? Can any other
cause be assigned ? Certain it is, that, since his
removal, the expenditure of the public money has
been made more easy. I am opposed to granting
this allowance, because I regard it as indorsing
and sanctioning a disbursement from the public
Treasury in violation of law.
Mr. BORLAND. In regard to the facts of this
particular case, I have nothing to add to what has
been stated by the Senators from Alabama and
New Hampshire. With regard to the personal
character of Mr. Davis, or of the Secretary of the
Navy—upon whom the honorable Senator from
North Carolina has passed so high a eulogy, and
I have no doubt he deserves it—1 have nothing to
say. But the Senatoffrom North Carolina char-
acterized my remarks to-day, as a repetition of a
sermon which I had been preaching here for some
time. Well, Mr. President, I admit that I did
express the same idea, and I alluded to the same
facts before. I apprehend it was not the repetition
of the idea, or the reenunciation of the facts that
struck the ear of the Senator from North Carolina
so unpleasantly—but the fact itself, the broad
and glaring fact, of which he cannot get clear.
The act of the Administration, of which he is a
friend, which stands in bold relief in contrast with
the action of Congress—that is what is so objec-
tionable to him, I have no doubt, and those on the
same side with him. He has to get clear of that
fact before he will ever be done hearing of it, while
I have a seat on this floor, and while this Admin-
istration is in power. When occasion offers, 1
shall repeat it every day.
Mr. BUTLER. " Line upon line; precept upon
precept."
Mr. BORLAND. Sir, we have high authority,
when wrong-doers will persist m their course of
wrong-doing, for giving them "line upon line,"
and "precept upon precept;" but I very much
fear that this Administration and its friends will
go in the same course sinners have always gone,
in disregard of "line upon line" and "precept
upon piecept'." It remains to be seen whether
the people of the United States, especially in the
approaching crisis of the vote of the political par-
ties, will sit quietly down and permit this sin to
be perpetrated day after day ^month after month,
and year after year; whether they will permit that
or will rise up in their power and rebuke it, and
that, too, in the most effectual way, by putting the
perpetrators of the act out of the positions which
enable them to commit such acts.
Mr. BADGER, If anything which I said jo-
cosely about the repetition of a sermon by the
Senator from Arkansas upon a different text
to-day has had any influence in inducing him to
form the resolution he now announces to give it
day by day, as long as this Administration is in
poiver 
Mr. BORLAND. I formed it before.
Mr. BADGER. I admit I have committed a
great mistake, and I sincerely regret it, not out of
regard for the executive branch of the Govern-
ment, but out of commiseration for the Senate.
Mr. BORLAND. I have but to say that the
Senator's commiseration for me 
Mr. BADGER. No, for the Senate.
Mr. BORLAND. Well, whether for me or for
the Senate must rest alone upon his conviction
that this Administration not only has done wrong,
but means to do wrong from this time until the
end of its existence. There can be no commis-
eration, because there will be no infliction, unless
the wrong is done; so the very fact that he feels
this commiseration, and is so painfully apprehen-
sive that this thing willbedone,mustrestupon his
conviction that the Administration has done wrong
in the past; it has got so deeply committed to a
wrong policy that it has necessarily, from the
force of habit, to go on in the same downward
career until it ruins itself.
Mr. BADGER. My feeling of commiseration
was inevitable, because, although I do not think
the Administration has done wrong, or will do
wrong, yet I have no doubt they will always do
wrong in the judgment of the Senator from Ar-
kansas; so we are obliged to hear his remarks over
again.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Masgom
