1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1499
in the chair.) The question is on concurring in
the proviso as reported from the Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. CLEMENS. I ask for the yeasandnays
on the question. .
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BADGER, I desire to say one word in
explanation of a remark which fell from my friend
from Alabama, [Mr. Clemens.] What he says
is correct, that the expression contained in the let-
ter of the Second Comptroller, that there is any
express allowance of this item in the hill, is a mis-
take. But there is an express allowance of that
sum in the estimate which accompanied the bill,
which was printed by Congress, and upon which
the appropriation was based: <* For calculating,
* printing, and publishing the Nautical Almanac,
< including the pay of the Superintendent, the sum
* of $6,000," making part of the gross sum.
The question being taken by yeas and nays, re-
sulted—yeas 22, nays 22; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Badger, Bell, Brooke, Davie, Dawson,
Fish, Foot, Geyer, Houston, Hunter, Mangum, Miller,
Pearce, Rusk, Seward. Smith, Soule, Spruance, Stockton,
Sumner, Upham, and Wade—02.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Atchison, Borland, Bradbury,
Brndhead, Butler, Chase, Clemens, J)e Sauasuie, Dodge ot
Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Felch,Hale, Hamlin, Jones of
Iowa, Mallory, Mason, Norris, Sebastian, Underwood,
Walker, and Weller—22.
So the proviso was not concurred in.
The next amendment made in Committee of the
Whole is as follows:
"Sec. 5. .And bett further enacted, That the Commis-
sioner of Public Buildings be, and he is hereby, authorized
to apply any unexpended poition ot the money appropnated
by an act of Congress, entitled 1 An act making appropria-
tion to meet the expenses incurred in consequence of the
late fne at the Capitol,5 approved January 13, 1852, to the
payment of expenses necessarily incurred in repaumg the
damage lately done by fire in the office of the Clerk of the
Supreme Court, and in making other repairs about the Cap-
itol."
The amendment was concurred in.
The nextamendment made in Committee of the
Whole is as follows:
" Sec. 6. Jlnd be it further enactcd, That the Secietary
of the Treasm y be and lie is hereby authorized to purchase
for the United States a suitable piece of ground, at a cential
pointin the city ot San Francisco, California, as a site for
the erection of the custom-house heretofore authonzed to
be built: Provided, That said site of ground maybe ob-
tained with good and sufficient title to the United States in
exchange for such reasonable portion of the Government re-
serve in that city as the said Secretary shall deem ju->t and
equitable, or for a sum in lion thereof not exceeding $40,000;
and to enable the Secretary of the Trea&uiy to carry into
effect this piovision. the sum of $40,000 is hereby appro-
priated : Provided, That if the said Sccrctary shall tail to
obtain such gioimd on satisfactory terms, then the said
sum, or such portion thereof as may be necessary, may be
expended in providing the proper foundations for said cus-
tom-house on the site heretofote selected for the purpose."
The amendment was concurred in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Mangum
in the chair.) All the (intendments made in Com-
mittee of the Whole have been acted upon,except
the one in regard to the appointment of an agent
to procure copies of the laws, decrees, or ordi-
nances of the Spanish Government, relating to
land claims in California or New Mexico, &c.;
which was passed over by unanimous consent.
Mr. WELLER. That amendment was passed
over the other day on my application, in order
that an opportunity might be given to make it sat-
isfactory- My desire was that it should be so
modified as to protect the rights, not only of the
United States, but of all the claimants to land
titles in California under the Mexican and Spanish
Governments. I have not been able to get it into
such a shape as to be satisfactory to myself. It
wilt require more time and attention than I am
now able to give to it. I shall therefore ask that
that amendment may not be concurred in. I have
no doubt some advantages will result from send-
in? an Agent to Mexico with a view to ascertain
what the amendment proposes to ascertain; but
that can be provided for quite as well under the
general appropriation bill.
The amendment was not concurred in.
Mr. CLEMENS. I wish to offer an amend-
ment. It is to insert after the other appropriations
for custom-houses the following:
For the completion of the custom-house at Mobile, Al-
abama, $100,OoQ.
That is in pursuance of an estimate; and the
appropriation is the exact amount estimated.
The amendment was agreed to,.
Mr. ATCHISON. I am instructed by the
Committee on Indian Affairs to propose an amend-
ment to the bill. It is to insert the following:
Fpr the payment of annuities, and the transportation of
the same, to certain tribes of Indians, in accordance with
the 7th aiticle of the treaty made at Fort Laramie on the
17th of December, A. D. 1851, $60,000.
I will barely state that I have offered this amend-
ment with the approbation of the Committee on In-
dian 'Affairs. I also submitted it to the chairman of
the Committee on Finance, and one other member;
and they think it proper. I have a communica-
tion from the Commissioner of Indian Affairs and a
letter from Mr. Fitzpatrick, an agent of these In-
dians—which can be read, if desired—showing
the necessity, the absolute necessity, of this ap-
propriation.
Mr. GEYER. I propose to amend the amend-
ment by adding:
And the Secretary of the Interior is hereby authorized to
purchase the provisions, merchandise, domestic animals,
and agricultural implements, to be delivered in payment of
the annuity fiMt payable undei the 7th articic of said treaty,
without previous adveitiaement, if such purchases can be
so made on icasoriable terms,
Mr. ATCHISON. I consent to that, because
I believe it to be necessary to expedite the busi-
ness.
Mr. GEYER. I was goins; to remark that the
Indians are now collected, and are becoming some-
what impatient at deiay. It is important that this
annuity should be paid at an early day, and if we
have to pursue the forms adopted in the Depart-
ment—advertise for the articles to be purchased—
greater delay and uneasiness will be produced.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to; and the amendment as amended was adopted.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Mr. President, I desire
now to offer an amendment, which I brought to
the notice of the Senate the other day. It is an
amendment which awas placed in my hands by
the honorable Senator from Rhode Island, [Mr.
Clarke,] who is now necessarily absent. The
Senate has already adopted an amendment incor-
porating into this bill this provision:
For completing the floating diy-dock at San Francisco,
California, authorized by act of 3d March, 1851, $360,000,"
This dock is now nearly completed, and will
shortly, as I understand, be transpoited to Cali-
fornia. It will be some time before a pier, or a
basin and railway, can be constructed in connec-
tion with it. If a pier is constructed, it will take
but a short time, and I presume it will be ordered
at the present session. The object of the amend-
ment which I now propose, is, to authorize the
Secretary of the Navy to lease this dock upon cer-
tain terms. The amendment is:
  And the Secretary of the Navy is hereby authorized to
contract for the lease of the said dock to any individual of
company, who will receive the same, in the pori of
Francisco, upon terms; most advantageous to the United
States, takmgduo and ^ufiicient bond.- foi the safe-keeping
of the >ame,and for it« delivery to the United Slates in good
order and condition, whenever a site for ,i navy ^a:d is se-
lected, and shall be prepared for its lecepuon ; tirst giving
due notice for proposals fur the u>e of the said sectional
dock, and reserving to the United States the ugh', at all
times to use the same free of charge, whenever requned for
any vessel of the Navy or any vessel m the employment of
the Government."
Mr. President, this dock has cost $610,(J00.
Now, there are men who will give at least $50,000
a year for the use of this dock when the Govern-
ment does not desire to use it. I am so informed
by the honorable Senator from Rhode Island, who
placed this amendment in my hands. In view of
the large cost of this dock; in view of the large
amount of money which the Government has al-
ready paid, or contracted to pay, for tnis struc-
ture, and in view of the necessities of the commer-
cial marine of the bay of San Francisco, I think it
nothing more than right that the Secretary of the
Navy should have power to lease this dock to gen-
tlemen who would give sufficient security fur the
return of the same whenever it should be needed
by the Navy Department, and whenever a sitefor
the navy-yard should be selected. It seems to rne,
therefore, that there can be no reasonable objec-
tion to the amendment. It has been well consid-
ered by the honorable Senator from Rhode Island,
who placed it in my hands. If the Government
can, without any detriment whatever to the pub-
lic service, receive $50,000 a year for the use of
this structure, when it does not require it for its
own purposes, I think it ought to do it; and I think
we ought so to amend this bill as to authorize the
Secretary of the Navy to permit the commercial
marine to use this structure when it is not needed
for Government purposes-r-the United States re-
ceiving a proper compensation, .therefor. I hope
that there will be no objection to the amendment.
Mr. BADGER. Mr. President, I offeree! an
amendment when this bill was under consideration
in Committee of the Wfiole, for the purpose of
making some disposition for the .proper security
of this dock, which I subsequently withdrew, upon
objections being taken by some Senators; and I
think it had better not be now renewed. I think
there is no necessity for making this provision in -
this bill. There is some difficulty, I think, about
adjusting the measure in such a manner as to be
proper and right, and I think that when the gen-
eral naval appropriation bill comes up, the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania and myself will be able to
airange an amendment, with the aid of the Sen-
ators from California, which will meet the exigen-*
cies of the case. The dock will not be delivered
until the fall, and we will have ample time to make
this provision in the naval appropriation bill.
I think, however, that the provision suggested
by the Senator from Pennsylvania is in some re-
spects liable to objection, and I will state to the
Senate the reason why I think so—at any rate it
so strikes me at present. This floating dry-dock
in California originated in a provision made upon
the naval appropriation bill of September, 1850, in
these words:
" For commencing the construction of a floating dry-?
dock on the coa^t ot California, $'100,000 ; and the Secre-
tary of the Navy is authorized to enter into a contract for
the conduction, with all reasonable di>patch,ot a sectional
or balance floating diy dock, basin, and railway, at such
harbor on the coast of the Pacific ocean, as he may select,
of a capacity and dimensions in no respect inferior to those
of the diy-dock in progress of construction at Pensacola ;
Provided, That by granting the said contractors permission,
if required, to prepare the materials chiefly at some harbor
i on the Atlantic sea-boaid, and advancing moneys thereon as
I the woiks progress, the said works can be completed at a
sum not exceeding by mote than twelve per cent, the total
amount contracted to be paid for the floating dry-dock, ba-
sin, and railway at the Peiisaeolti navy-yard, with the au-
dition thereto of what would be the cost of transportation
to said coast of the said matenals thus propaied, and with
the reservation till the works are done ot ten per cent, and
the usual surety for the faithful performance of the contract;
and the Secretary of the Navy shall also be authorized to
enter into an agreement with the contiactors, if they will
keep the said woiks in repair, and take proper care of the
same for arty given period of year«5, free of charge to the
Government, to permit them to use the said work?, during
such period, on their own account, for repairing merchant
vessel!*, when not occupied by vessels of the Navy,, to
which precedence shall at all times be given, on such terms
as he shall deem iea*onable."
Congress, at a subsequent session, after a verbal
agreement had been entered into between the Sec-
retary of the Navy and the contractors for the
whole work required by this law, the floating dry-
dock, basin, and railway, repealed so much of that
law as authorized a contract for the erection of a
basin and laiUvay, leaving the residue of the law
in force. And my impression is, that all the ar-
rangements made in the Navy Department, and
the contract made by the Navy Department, were
all founded upon, and related to, the whole of the
provisions in the law of 1850, to wit: that the
contractors should have the use of the dock for
the purpose of repairing private vessels, when the
Government of the United States did not require
it. I think, therefore, that to put it up now at
auction until we have ascertained what is the state
of the facts as to that agreement, would be taking
a step in the dark, that might be unjust to the
contractors, and not warranted by a fair construc-
tion of the arrangements between the Government
and them. The Senate will recollect that the
whole authority given by the law of 1850 was not
repealed, but only so much as related to the
basin and railway. I would suggest, therefore, to
the Senator from Pennsylvania, that I think every
object will be accomplished by leaving this matter
to rest until the naval appropriation bill comes up.
In the mean time we can look into the matter m
regard to the contract, and see what disposition
should be made with regard to the dock. Itwould
then be in ample time.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Mr. President, I cannot
yield to the suggestion of the honorable Senator
from North Carolina. He says that this dock
will not be finished until the fall, and hence that
this provision, or a similar one, had better be in-
corporated in the general naval appropriation bill.
Well, now, the fact that this dock is so soon to
be completed, renders it quite necessary that the
amendment should be adopted; because notice
must be given, and a contract entered into. If we
