2364
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 26,
Mr. VENABLE. No, sir; but it is undignified
on the part of the Government, having made a
bargain with them to remove these Indians, to
obstruct them in the execution of their contract.
They plead their own wrong in excuse for a
greater wrong inflicted by themselves. They
render it impossible that the contract shall be
complied with.
Mr. RICHARDSON. The Indians failed to
remove. How did damages accrue?
Mr. VENABLE. The Indians were removed,
and responsibilities were incurred by the con-
tractor in removing them. They were delayed
and had to furnish supplies for a considerable
time. The Senate have passed this bill unani-
mously. Estimates in regard to this matter have
been made by the Department.
Mr. HOUSTON. I wish to say to my friend
that he misunderstands the action of the Senate.
Mr. VENABLE. The gentleman can reply to
me when I get through.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Disi-
mick's amendment, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. HIBBARD. I move to cut down the ap-
propriation to §2. I will state in the commence-
ment of my remarks, that the gentlemnn from
North Carolina, [Mr. Ve.vable,] in what lie has
said to the committee, no doubt stated the facts as
he supposes them to be. He is setting forth the
allegations of the claimant here, that there was a
failure on the part of the Government to comply
with this contract. This same matter, with all
the evidence and all the facts, has been upon two
several occasions considered by the proper com-
mittee, that of Indian Affairs—the whole claim
has been examined upon its merits, it and has
been disallowed. I understand this, that there
has been no default, in point of fact, upon the
part of the Government. The allegations of the
gentleman from North Carolina are not admitted.
They are not proved. On the contrary, the ac-
tion of the Committee on Indian Affairs indicates
that they were disproved. There was the time and
place to make an examination upon the merits of
the case, and the proper committee, after making
an examination, have found against this claim. I
wish to finish the history of the action of the De-
partment, which I began in my first remarks. The
whole sum stipulated to be paid to these claimants
for removing the Indians, has been paid to them.
When tliey submitted their claim to the Depart-
ment, the sum of #7,139 was allowed and paid,
while the remainder was disallowed. I spoke of
the action of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs
disallowing this matter upon its first presentment
at the Department.
This claim has been sent down here at the in-
stance of the Secretary of War, the gentleman
says—and this is urged as an argumeir in favor
of its allowance. What are the facts? The claim
being disallowed at the Department, Mr. Hart ap-
plied to Congress for relief as a private claimant,
f his action on the part of Hart m presenting his
claim as a private one, is an admission o;i his part
that it is a private claim, unsettled ami unadju-
dicated, It shows that it is nota fixed and settled
liability on the pait of the Goveinmen', such as
is proper to be embraced in an appropri.i'ton bill.
It is no part of the business of the Committee
of Ways and Means to pass upon the merits or
demerits of private claims. Nor should they add
them as nuers to appropriation bills. By one
of the rules of the House, no appropriation is to
be reported in a gener.vl appropriation bill, nor is
in order as an amendment thereto "for any ex-
' pemhture not previously authorized by law, un-
' less in continuation of appropriations for such
' public works as are alieady in progress, and for
' the contingencies for carrying on the several de-
' partmeuts of the Government." Nether can the
House, nor the Committee of the Whole, con-
sistently-with their own rule, add such items to
appropriation bills. This claim is clearly cut off
by the rule referred to. It is presented and urged
here by its friends, as a purely private claim for
damages, because, as they allege, the Government
did not perforin its part of the stipulations of the
contract. It is not authorized by the contract,
but is out oii" by its express terms, and has been
disallowed at the Department. After the close of
the last Congress, this claimant again applied to
the Department of the Interior, and got a report in
bis favor from the Commissioner of Indian A flairs.
How much evidence tins is, other gentlemen may
judge better, or as well as I can. With me it
would be no evidence at all, judging from facts
that have come to my knowledge in this and in
other cases. How was it with the Department
itself, from the report of the Commissioner of In-
dian Affairs to the Secretary of the Interior, whose
adjudication is final ? What did he do ? If he
allowed the claim as due, it was an adjudication
by which the Government might have been bound.
The Secretary^ whose decision was the judgment
of the Department, overruled the report of the
Commissioner and disallowed the claim.
I will read the letter of the Secretary containing
this decision:
Department of the Interior, October 9,1851.
Sir: With respect to the claim of William B. Hart,
assignee of Anderson, Forrester, Cobb, and Pickens, re-
ported upon by you on the 16tli of August last, i do not feel
authorized to give the direction requested by Mr. Hart. The
items of his account, designated by your oflicer as proper
to be paid, do not seem to mo of .such a character as to allow
me to take them from the jurisdiction of Congress, to which
body the claimant has already applied for lehef.
T am, very respectfully, yom obedient servant,
ALEX. II. H. STUART, Secretary.
Luke Lfa, Esq., Commissioner of Indian
Now, if this claim had been adjudicated and
allowed by the proper officers, it might have been
our duty, under the law, to put it into an appro-
priation bill; but it was not so passed upon and
adjudicated. How it was, after overruling the
report of the Commissioner and disallowing this
item, the Secretary of the Interior came to send to
the House an estimate for the same item, to be
provided for in an appropriation bill, is what I do
not understand. He is made to ask Congress to
appropriate money to pay a claim which he had
just rejected.
These Indian estimates, as is well known,
are prepared by the Commissioner on Indian
Affairs, reported by him to the Secretary of the
Interior, who reports them to the Secretary of the
Treasury, and he to Congress. The supposition
most favorable to the Secretary of the Interior, and
perhaps the most probable, is, that he was not
aware of the nature of this item of the estimates.
If so, he is chargeable with negligence. If he
knew it was the item he had just disallowed and
then recommended it for an appropriation, that
rejection standing wholly unreversed, his conduct
cannot be too severely censured.
Mr. VENABLE. During the five minutes
which I occupied a short time since I did not give
a plain history of this case, and in such a way,
perhaps, as to make the House understand me.
How does this matter stand? The Government
made aeon tract with Forrester and others to remove
a number of Indians, and they made a treaty with
the Indians in which they consented to remove.
Mow, no one would justify the employment of
force in compelling the Indians to remove, unless
the Government complies with its contract with
them. If I understand the position of the claim
it is this: The Government covenanted with the
Indians to give them certain land scrip before they
removed. When the agents go there to remove
them, they find that the land scrip is withheld, and
(hat the Indians are destitute and dissatisfied.
They made all their preparations to lemove them,
and incurred great expense in consequence of the
delay, and yet I hear gentlemen say it is in the
power of the Government, after they have bar-
gained with those agents to remove the Indians
and have themselves put obstructions in the way
of their removal, that they shall not pay damages
for the wrong inflicted upon this agent. Esti-
mates have been made in regard to this matter by
the Department and sent down this year. When
this claim was piesented in the Senate it was ob-
jected to on the ground that it was a pn\ ate claim.
It was discussed, and the Senate decidcd that it
| was not a private claim by a vote of thirty to four-
I teen, and upon its being decided that it was not a
private claim they unanimously annexed it to the
bill. That is the fact as recorded upon the Journal
of the Senate, and gentlemen can find it by recur-
ring to it. It does not iook well in the Govern-
ment, after having made a contract with persons
to remove Indians, to throw obstructions in their
way, and then plead like a miserable special pleader
before a magistrate's warrant trying or some county
court, to a mere matter of form against the justice
of a claim. They are bound to pay the damages
incurred hy this contractor, and they are hound
to keep their hands clean and maintain the digni-
fied position of a great Government, that will not
bear down upon a contractor in whose way they
have placed obstructions, prevent him from com-
plying with his contract, and then seek to avoid
the responsibility which they themselves have
honestly and honorably incurred. This claim is for
expenses incurred because the Government pre-
vented the execution—these contractors from the
discharge of theirduty. To avoid responsibility it is
urged that itis aprivateclaim,unconnected with the
agreement. The Government then pleads in bar
a provision of the agreement by which the Gov-
ernment seeks to protect itself against damages.
The obvious reply is, that themselves have created
the difficulty by which the damages were incurred.
I trust that the Government will never adopt that
principle, and that it will never be brought to bear
down upon a contractor who suffered a great loss
m consequence of the Government failing to do
what they had promised. The difficulty has
arisen from the want of good faith on the part of
the Government, who avail themselves of a con-
tract by which they seek to avoid a claim for
damages incurred, because they placed a stumbling-
block in the way of the performance of the duty
imposed upon the contractors.
Mr. SCURRY. I move to reduce the sum three
dollars. I do this for the purpose of saying a
very few words in regard to this ma'ter. The
House seems to be but a register of the opinions
of the Committee of Ways and Means. I think
that the worst misfortune which has ever befallen
my friend from Alabama, [Mr. Houston,] was
his appointment as chairman of that committee.
He thinks that nothing but what passes through
that committee should pass the House. My friend
from New Hampshire [Mr. Hibbard] is in the
same situation. I say this in all kindness; but it
looks to me as if they wanted to usurp the whole
business of the House by cooperating to put
down thejudgmentof every member in theHouse,
and place a brand upon those who differ with the
committee.
The C H AIRMAN. The gentleman must con-
fine his remarks to the amendment.
Mr. SCURRY. I will do it, sir. I say it in
all kindness, but it does seem to me as if the whole
business of the House was a usurpation—a per-
fect usurpation, and as if the only reason why the
amendment of the Senate is not to be adopted is
that the Committee of Ways and Means do not
recommend it.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair feels constrained
to say that the gentleman from Texas is depart-
ing from the discussion of his amendment.
Mr. SCURRY. _ Well, sir, I have done.
Mr. DIMMICK. I desire to say a few words
with regard to the merits of this claim. It has
been well observed by the gentleman from North
Carolina, [Mr. Venaei.e,] that the Government
of the United States failed to comply with the
contract on its part. The Government of the
United States agreed, upon the assembling of the
Indians—as I understand it, and as I read the tes-
timony some two years ago—to deliver to them
the land scrip to which they were entitled; one
half Sc/ore their departure and the remainder on
their arrival at their western destination. Well,
the Indians being assembled, the scrip did not
come according to the engagement and promise of
the then Secretary of War. Mr. Barstow was
then the agent of the United States, sent there es-
pecially to superintend the emigration of the In-
dians to their destination west. Finding them-
selves in that situation, the Indians refused to go.
It was then in the winter season, a period of the
year when the Indians were in need of clothing.
They wanted blankets and a great variety of other
things, necessary for their comfort in their re-
moval to their destination west. The agent of
the United States, therefore, suggested to the con-
tractors that they should go to New Orleans and
lay in a supply of goods. Upon his suggestion,
and with his promise and assurance that they
should be reimbursed for all the expenditures and
all the outlay they made in carrying out the policy
of the Government, which was the removal 'of
these Indians to their destination in the west,
these supplies were furnished to the Indians by
the contractors.
Of the item of $37,000, I think there is some-
thinglike $18,000 or $20,000 for blankets, clothing,
shoes, stockings, and all such other articles as
were necessary for the comfortable removal of
these Indians to their western home. All these
