1560
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 28,
defer it until the naval appropriation bill, which
will ftot pass until^August, there will not be suffi-
cient time to give public notice, and have a con-
tract entered into. What objection, therefore, can
be urged to the adoption of this amendment at this
-time? The dock is about being completed. The
Secretary of the Navy must necessarily have some
time to enter into the contract for the use of this
dock. If 050,000 can be obtained without any
detriment to the public service—because the amend-
ment provides that the use by the commercial ma-
rine Is not to interfere with the Government
vessels that may be brought there for repair—why
shall we not talce it? If this dock is so soon to
be completed, we ought to adopt the amendment
now.
The honorable Senator also seems to think that
the contractors fo'r this dock should have the use
and occupation of it. I do not think so. By ref-
erence to the contract, it will be observed that
their work is to be examined, and it is then, if
done properly, to betaken off their hands. I think,
therefore, that those who have constructed this
dock should not be the lessees, and should not have
the use of it. Besides that, under the provision
which the Senator has read, and which was in
part repealed during the last session, these contract-
ors, if 1 understand it aright, would make some
$50,000 u year by having the use of it, if they aie
to have it gratuitously from the Government. So
i am informed, at any rate, by the honorable Sen-
ator from Rhode Island, who placed this amend-
ment in my hands-, he tells me that the use of the
dock by the commercial marine is worth some
$50,000 a year.
I hope that the amendment will be adopted at
this time. It is a simple proposition to lease the
use of this structure upon good security for a term
of years. The dock has cost the Government a
large sum of money; and if we can leceive a large
sum m return for the structuio, without any det-
riment to the public service, it seems to me that
we ought not to hesitate a moment in doing so.
Mr. BADGKR. Mr. President, it is entirely
unnecessary for the gentleman from Pennsylvania
to assume any oratorical display on this sub-
ject 
Mr. BRODHEA.D. I did not.
Mr. BADGER. I have very great indifference
about whether the proposition be adopted or not.
I simply made the suggestion to him, of what I
supposed to be some difficulty embraced in the
adoption of the amendment. That is all. I sug-
gested that I was under the impression thai the
arrangements which have been made between the
Secretary of the Navy and the contractor of the
drv-dock, under the act of 1850, modified by the
subsequent repeal of a portion of it, referred to or
included this Very subject. And all I wanted was,
if that was so, that We should not now adopt a
different arrangement.
1 confess that I am not myself exactly pleased
with the idea of the Government luring out this
structure to the highest bidder. I would have it
put out to competent persons who understand its
management, and who would take care of it, on
the best terms. I merely suggested, when I was
up before, whether it was not proper that the
subject-matter of this amendment should rest until
the naval appropriation bill comes up. I did not
wish any argument or discussion. I did not
really wish to be considered as opposing- the prop-
osition; for it was a matter of very great indiffer-
ence to me. As I said before, when I offered an
amendment in relation to this matter the other
day, I withdrew it when objection was made. I
care nothing about it.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, I feel under
some difficulty in relation to tins amendment, be-
cause I have not been able to inform myself fully
in relation to it. Commodore Smith told me that
it would be necessary to provide some appropria-
tion for the purpose of receiving the dock; but he
sent me no estimate. It is now being shipped
around, or is about to be shipped around. And it
is said that something will be necessary for the
purpose of painting it, I think, when it shall get
there, and that an appropriation for that object
ought to be put into this bill; but no estimate* for
that object has come to me. I have understood that
$ letter on the subject has been sent to the Navy
Department. I had supposed that this proposition
was a substitute for that. I understand that this
dock is far larger than is necessary for the use of
the Government, and that the Government could
dispense with at least'four sections of it. Various
arrangements have been suggested as profitable
and as advantageous. One would be to sell four of
these sections, upon the condition that the parties
buying them would put up a pier, which could be
easily done. Another course would be, to let out
the dock by contract, on condition that it should
be returned in good order, i believe that the prac-
tice of taking ships on these docks, and charging
something for that service, is not unusual. I think
it has been done of late on the stone docks. 1 was
informed that there have been instances in Massa-
chusetts in which it has been done.
Mr. DAVIS. There may have been some in-
stances.
Mr. HUNTER. At any rate, I see no impro-
priety in it. It would be one means of saving the
Government some of the heavy expenditures
which have been made for this object, and m that
way would be useful. It would be useful to the
Government, and it would be useful to the mer-
chant marine. It would be much better than
building Government docks for the purpose of
docking merchant vessels for nothing. Therefore
I feel disposed, on the whole, to go for the amend-
ment of the Senator from Pennsylvania. But I
have no doubt that the Department might lease
the dock out in such a way that it would be pre-
served, and from which the parties might derive
profit enough to pamt it, and do what is necessary.
I suppose, in fact, that tins is a substitute for that
proposition; because I know that the Senator from
Illiode Island has devoted a great deal of time and
attention to the matter; and I presume that the
reason why the estimate for the amount necessary
to paint the dock, and to provide means for re-
ceiving it was not sent down, was, that it was
supposed that this amendment would be found
suiKcient, and that the Secretary could thus put
the dock out upon such terms as would provide
for those objects without further expenditure to
the Government. I shall, therefore, vote for the
amendment.
Mr, WELLER. Mr. President, I confess 1
was inclined to oppose this amendment when it
was first submitted, simply for the reason that I
am inclined to suspect anything which comes
from the Senator from Pennsylvania in regard to
this dry-dock, in consequence of the position
which he assumed here some time since. But if
the Government can derive ^50,000 a year from
the use of this dry-dock, and if the commercial
marine floating on the Pacific can, at the same
time, be accommodated, the proposition ought to be
adopted. Therefore, notwithstanding the sus-
picion which 1 have of everything coming from
that quarter in relation to this matter, I am in-
clined to vote for this amendment, and I think it
ought to be adopted.
Mr. HUNTER, I will state an additional rea-
son, which escaped me when I was up before.
Unless money is appropriated, or unless the Sec-
retary is authorized to make some arrangement for
the reception of the dock when it gets there, it is
likely that we shall be charged demurrage—that
we shall be subjected to great cost in that way.
So that I apprehend it will be essential either to
appropriate money, or to pass some such amend-
ment as this. We have no estimate as to the
amount of money which will be required, and
therefore we can offer no amendment proposing
such appropriation; hence nothing is left to us
but to adopt some such amendment as this.
Mr. RUSK;. Mr. President, it seems to me
that we are acting prematurely, and without the
necessary information upon this subject. Gentle-
men say that the Government may make £50,000
by this operation; but that is a mere expectation
on their part. They cannot say so positively. We
j do not know but that the Government may lose
j $100,000 by this. There is no telling what the
I result may be. There ought to be some arrange-
| ments made for this dock.
i Mr. WELLER. How can the Government
, lose ?
Mr. RUSK. By damage that may be done to
I the dock. So far as I am concerned, I have no
t hostility to the amendment. On the contrary, it
| strikes me very favorably; but still I would rather
j consult those who know something about the mat-
I ter. I (Amfess, however, that the idea of letting
S out Government property does not strike me very
| favorably. I am willing to allow the use of this
dock to merchant ships, if the proper arrange-
ments can be made; but, by letting it out" by con-
tiact,itmay be subjected to damage. At any rate,
we have ample time to look into the matter. The
Secretary of the Navy, and the officers of the
Navy, who understand the business much better
than we do, will have ample time to look into the
matter, and tell us what may be done; and then we
can put some provision for the purpose into the
general naval appropriation bill. This is over-
loading this deficiency bill, as I understand it. It
will not be necessary to incur any expense-in the
reception of this dock until the fall, and certainly
we shall pass the naval appropriation bill before
that time. For myself, I would much prefer thafc
the Secretary of the Navy, or some officer of i.hft
Navy, should be consulted on the subject, and
that we should have a report from the Naval
Committee, in order that we may have a distinct
understanding as to the best mode of securing the
i safety of the property of the United States. .
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, when the ap-
propriation for the construction of this dock was
originally made, the provision' which was in the
law, ana which has been read by the Senatoi from
North Carolina, was either offered by myself, as
an amendment, or was incorporated into it at my
particular suggestion, by the committee which hod
the matter in charge. It was the expenditure of a
large sum of money, and on a work which would
not be all the time in use by the Government.
There was a very large commercial marine in that
country. That I desired to see taken care of.
There were occasions, when with slight repairs,
our merchant vessels could be sent'home, and
without which it was impossible for them to go
round the Cape. I do not understand the amend-
ment, thus incorporated into the original bill, as
making a perpetual lease of the dock to these con-
tractors, or anything of the kind.
Mr. BADGER. Not at all.
Mr. HAMLIN. I do not think that is the true
construction of the law, as it now stands. I sup-
pose that it did not go to this extent. It seems to
me that the law may stand just as it is until some
future period, when it shall be found that addi-
tional legislation is necessary. When that work
shall have been constructed, and after it shall have
been accepted, and after it shall have been put in
its place, there may be a commercial marine which
may need it It has not yet been delivered to the
Government. The contractors who have it in
charge, if they shall be responsible to the Gov-
ernment, may thus use it until it is delivered; but
after it shall be actually delivered to the Govern-
ment, then that clause will terminate. I J,hink,
then, that fliere will be ample time for the Gov-
ernment to make such permanent provision for the
use of the dock by the merchant marine as shall
be necessary. On that view of the case, while I
was at first disposed to favor the amendment of
the Senator from Pennsylvania, I think we had
better let the matter stand as it now is.
Mr. BADGER. I am sorry to trouble the
Senate again on this question; but 1 wish to state
that I have m my possession a communication
made by the Secretary of the Navy to the Naval
Committee, setting forth this whole subject at
length. It was a communication of some half
dozen pages. The Secretary considers that the
j authority given him under the appropriation bill
j of 1850 is still in force, and that he is author-
ized to make the arrangements contemplated by
the bill; but Congress being in session, he prefers
that Congress should do so. He prefers that
Congress should direct him upon what terms he
shall enter into this arrangement, but he considers
that he is authorized to enter into it if lie chooses,
; by the authority of the act of 1850, upon such
1 terms as he may think proper.
I wish now to suggest a serious difficulty about
this matter. If, in the existing state of things in
California, this dock shall be put up and hired
out to the highest bidder, he will then be at lib-
erty, of course, to use it for the commercial
marine upon just what terms he pleases; and he
' would have it in his power, as a necessary conse-
quence—there being only one "dock on the whole
of that coast, when this shall have got there, (for
there is none now)—to exact just what price he
pleases for the use of the dock; and while he
makes enormous profits for himself, and obliges
the commercial marine, and the owners of private
ships there, to pay him what he'pleases, the Gov-
