590
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 18,
turb the quiet of your dreams? Sir, I am an
unbeliever in the power of ghosts to do mischief.
There are others who apprehend danger from the
influence which may be exercised over our future
destinies by the doctrines which have been lately,
and are still now, proclaimed by that inspired mis-
sionary of freedom, and who presume that it may
be in their power, through the negative virtue of
a dissenting vote, to stem that torrent of thought
and of wild wisdom, as some would call it, which
is now flooding the land. Let me tell them to be
composed and resigned. It were in vain—yes, in
vain—that they would attempt to compress the
surges of the popular sentiment. They will rise in
spite of their efforts to avert a fantastic danger.
Sir, it is idle to struggle against public opinion.
The power exists not that can isolate the policy of
this Government from the conscience of the na-
tion. I shall vote for the printing.
Mr. CLEMENS. The Senator from Louisi-
ana, [Mr. Soule,] is totally mistaken as to the
?rounds taken by the opposition to this measure.
le says that some of us have denounced it as a
dead humbug. I did say so, and I say so again.
That is my opinion. But no one has intimated
here, as the Senator fromLouisiana seems to sup-
pose, that there was danger of the sentiments
contained in that letter creating an unwholesome
state of feeling in the public mind. No one has
been foolish enough to intimate anything of that
sort. There is not a sentence in the letter, there
is not an idea advanced in it, which has not been
published over and over again; which has not
been strewed from one end of this Union to the
other. There is nothing in it which can do harm;
or if there is, the harm has been done already.
Like the Senator from Louisiana, I am willing to
trust to the people. I am willing to trust even to
the first impulse of the great mass of the people.
I do not require that you should wait even for the
sober second thought. Collect the people of this
Union together, and let them vote this day, and
there is not one twentieth part of them would sus- j
tain the doctrines Kossuth has advanced.
It is from no apprehension either of the people
or of Louis Kossuth, that we have opposed the
printing of this communication. The Senator has
misunderstood us entirely. What we do contend
for is, that there is no necessity for the printing of
this document; that it does not distribute informa-
tion. He does not ask us to distribute it among
the people. We are asked to print it for our own
information. Who of us will be informed by it?
Who of us does not know every word that it con-
tains? What have we to dread by its publication
and its distribution here in this Senate Chamber?
This is-an unnecessary expenditure of the public
money. This printing is useless. It is for no
object. It is a waste of the public money, and
that is the ground of the objection which has been
urged against it.
Whatever might be my feelings towards this
individual; whether 1 entertained for him a very
high or a very low degree of respect, I should still
oppose the printing of this communication. It
is what Lafayette never asked. It is something
unusual, out of the course of business, without
an object, i cannot comprehend it. What are
we to do with the document after it is printed?
You do not propose to print enough to distribute
through the country. You communicate no in-
formation to the country. You simply lay it on
your own desks and require the Committee on
Printing to incur the expense of furnishing you
with the information which has already been fur-
nished over and over again. That is the objection
to it. I have no fear of any consequences which
may flow from it. We cannot suppress it if we ;
desired to do so. We do not want to suppress it. '
I want it to go abroad through the land. I want
every freeman in this Republic to read this letter. :
If some of them have been deluded heretofore, I 1
think it will go very far towards banishing their j
delnsion. '
The question was then taken on the motion to :
print, and it was determined in the affirmative— 1
yeas 21, nays 20; as follows:  
TEAS—-\11 essrs. Bright, Rroadliead, Cass, Chase, Davis,
I/oc'sje of Wisconsin, Dodge of low?, Douglas, Downs 1
Feld], Gvvin, Hamlin, Jones of Iowa, Meitae, Norris!
Sen-aid, Smith, t.oul5, Stockton, Sumner, and YV.ule—SI.
NAVS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger. Boll, Borland. But- .
lot, C'laike, Clemens, Dawson, Fish,Geyer, Hunter, Jones 1
of IVmie-iee, king, Miller. Morton, Pratt,Rusk, Sllraance, !
(Jnderwood, and Upiiam—20. ' ;
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. SEWARD gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill to incorporate the
Sisters of Visitation of Washington, in the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
REPORT OF POSTMASTER GENERAL.
The PRESIDENT pro ton. laid before the Sen-'
ate a report of the Postmaster General, showing
the amount received for postages collected and
postage stamps sold during the quarter ending the
30th September, 1851; which was read, and or-
dered to be referred to the Committee on Finance
and printed.
TREASURY CONTRACTS.
The PRESIDENT pro tem. laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretary of the Treasury,
showing the contracts made by that Department
during the year 1851; which was read, and ordered
to be referred to the Committee on Finance and
printed.
DRAWBACK UPON FOREIGN MERCHANDISE.
The bill extending like privileges to those con-
ferred by the act entitled " An act allowing draw-
back upon foreign merchandise exported in the
original packages to Chihuahua and Santa Fe, in
Mexico, and to the British North American Prov-
inces adjoining the United States," approved
March 3, 1845, to foreign merchandise exported
to Mexico by certain indicated routes, was read
the second time, and considered as in Committee
of the Whole; and no amendment being made, it
was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time.
MILEAGE OF DELEGATE FROM OREGON.
A message from the House of Representatives
was received by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, an-
nouncing that it had passed a bill entitled "An
act to regulate the mileage of the Delegate from
the Territory of Oregon," and requesting the con-
currence of the Senate therein.
RAILROADS IN IOWA.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill granting the right of way and making a grant
of land to the State of Iowa in aid of the construc-
tion of certain railroads in said State.
Mr. UNDERWOOD addressed the Senate for*
an hour; and,"* without finishing, yielded to the
request of Senators, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, Febuary 18, 1852.
The House met at twelve o'clock,*m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Mr. Morgan.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the unfinished business of yesterday, being the
motion to reconsider the vote by which the House
refused to order to be engrossed and read a third
time the bill regulating the mileage of the Dele-
gate from Oregon; and upon which the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Hendricks] is entitled to the
floor.
Mr. KING, of New York. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to report from the
Committee on the Judiciary the bill to provide for
the holding of the courts of the United States in
case of the sickness or other disability of the
judges. I ask that it may be read for information.
It was read by its title, as follows:
An act amendatory of an act entitled " An act
to provide for holding the courts of the United
States in case of the sickness or other disability
of the judges of the district courts," approved July
29, 1850.
Mr. OLDS. I asked yesterday for leave to in-
troduce a report from the Committee on the Post
Offioc and Post Roads, equally important with this
report, which was objected to.
Mr. KING. I hope this will not be objected
to. It will delay the House but a moment.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object, and call
for the regular order of business.
Mr. BOWIE. I hope the gentleman from Ten-
nessee will not press that call now.
Mr. JONES. I shall object to every bill which
is sought to be introduced by unanimous consent.
Bills introduced in that manner have already con-
sumed a greater portion of the time of the House.
I call for the regular order of business.
Mr. BOWIE. 1 only desire to withdraw some
papers from ihe files of the House, for the purpose
of having them referred to the Senate.
There was no objection, and leave was accord-
ingly granted to withdraw from the files of the
House the papers of Zachariah Walker, for the
Purpose of referring them to the Senate.
IMILEAGE OF THE DELEGATE OF OREGON.
The House then proceeded to the consideration
„of the subject of regulating the mileage of the
Delegate from Oregon.
Mr. HENDRICKS. When I gave way on
yesterday for a motion to adjourn, I was replying
to the interrogatory put to me on the day before
by the gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr.
Woodward.] He asked if the general law of
1818, regulating the compensation of members of
Congress, does not limit the mileage of each mem-
ber to the amount of his per diem. I had an-
swered that I thought there was no such limitation,
when my colleague [Mr. Fitch] rose in his place
and stated that the mileage of members of Con-
gress, under the existing general laws, could not
exceed the per diem allowance. I have examined
the provision to which he alluded, but I find no
such limitation. The only portion of the law which
relates to this question is the following proviso to
the section which I read, viz:
Provided always, That no Representative or Delegate
shall be allowed a sum exceeding the rate of eight dollars
a day, fiom the end of one session to the Ume of his taking
his seat in another.
Taken literally, this language includes both per
diem and mileage, and would limit the entire com-
pensation to such sum as a per diem of eight dol-
lars would amount to during the recess between
the two sessions of a Congress.
Mr. WOODWARD. If the gentleman will
allow me, I will state that the gentleman from In-
diana [Mr. Fitch] stated the effect of this pro-
vision correctly day before yesterday. He stated
that the effect of that clause was to provide that
the mileage and compensation of members shall
not exceed the aggregate sum of eight dollars per
day for the three hundred and sixty-five days, and
I think that is the correct statement.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think that construction
of the proviso cannot be sustained. The language
does not import that, nor has it ever been so con-
strued. There is a provision in this statute which
enacts that in case any Representative or Delegate
be detained by sickness on his journey to or from
the session of Congress, he shall be entitled to his
per diem compensation since the enactment of the
law. The construction of the proviso has been,
that it is a proviso to this portion of the statute,
and restricts and limits the mileage given under it,
and that the per diem allowance of a member who
is taken sick upon his way to Congress or on his
way home, shall not exceed what his per diem
would have been during the vacation. I say that
has been the construction put upon the proviso
since its enactment, and I have no doubt that if it
means anything, this is what it means. Then,
sir, the law stands in reference to every member
of Congress—every Representative of a State and
every Delegate from a Territory, with ene single
exception, that they shall receive eight dollars per
day for every day they serve in Congress, and
eight dollars for every twenty miles distance be-
tween this Capitol and their places of residence.
This, I say, is applicable to every gentleman upon
this floor, and to every Senator, with one single
exception; and that exception the Committee on
Mileage by the pending bill have proposed to re-
move.
Mr. SMART. I desire to inquire whether this
limitation does not extend also to the Delegates
from New Mexico and Utah ?
Mr. HENDRICKS. The limitation extends
in terms, but not in effect. The compensation of
the Delegates from Utah and New Mexico does not
amount to §2,500 under the law of 1818: so that
the limitation does not apply to them at till.
Mr. SMART. I called at the office of the Ser-
geant-at-Arms this mornine, and I understood
him to say that the Delegate from Utah had drawn
his mileage up to the utmost limit of $2,500.
Mr. BERNHISEL. I desire to say that I have
not drawn that amount.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The gentleman from Utah
tells me that his mileage amounts to $2,100 under
the law of 1818, and that he has drawn that
amount. At the first session of the Thirty-first
