1502
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 28,
nitf should be rejected, it would then be in order
for the Senator from Maine to oiler his amend-
ment,
Mr. BROPHEAD. At the suggestion of vari-
ous friends, I withdraw my amendment and ac-
cept that of the Senator from Maine as a substi-
tute for it.
The PRESIDENT. The question will then be
on the amendment of the Senator from Maine.
Mr. RUSK. I dislike to oppose this proposi-
tion, hut I am one of those unfortunate individuals
who do not know everything by instinct. I have
to study and reflect before I can come to a con-
clusion on which I can trust myself. 1 see no use
of precipitancy about this matter; but if this
, amendment be adopted, it seems to me that it will
place a vast deal of power in the hands of the Sec-
retary of the Navy. It will give him the power
to prescribe the rules by which this property may
be used. My own opinion is, that we had better
take time to reflect upon the subject, and adopt
some measure by which this power may betaken
out of the hands of the Secretary of the Navy, and
put upon some principles that may give the mer-
chant marine a fair chance to use this dock. I
would give a fair, open opportunity to each; but
I do not want to trust too much, m a matter of
this sort, to the Secretary of the Navy.
Mr* STOCKTON. Mr. President, it is with
^reat diffidence that I undertake to give an opin-
ion on this subject, but it seems to me that I can
no longer allow this debate to go on without ex-
pressing my opinion with regard to this matter,
and some principles connected with it. I am en-
tirely opposed to these partnerships and specula-
tions between the Government of the United States
and private individuals. I do not see where we
get the authority to build docks for the purpose of
loaning them out, or hiring them out.
In the first place, I do not think it becomes the
dignity and character of this Government to do
so; and, in the second place, I think this practice
is increasing upon us. The dangers into which
we are likely to run on account of it are, in my
judgment, very great. I have been using my poor
influence, since I have been in the Senate, to dis-
embarrass the Government of the United States
from these private speculations—from all these
connections of any kind.
But again: there is no necessity for legislation
upon this subject. If we have a dry-dock, or a
pier, or any other convenience, for the purpose of
repairing the vessels of the United States on the
Pacific coast, and if there is no other convenience
there by which merchant vessels can be repaired,
and a merchant vessel should go into the port
where that convenience is, the commanding officer
of that port would feel himself under an obliga-
tion to permit that vessel to go on the dock and
be repaired. This is the universal practice of the
Navy; and the officeis are commanded to do so.
If an American man-of-war meets a merchant
vessel in distress, and they can relieve her, they
are bound to do so; and all that they ask is, (hat
the actual expenses to which the Government has
been put, shall be repaid by the persons so accom-
modated. Now, why cannot tnat practice con-
tinue without this amendment ? There is no rea-
son in the world why there should be such an
amendment. If there is any amendment made, I
hope we shall make none that will carry with it
the authoiity of the Secretary of the Navy to hire
out or lease any part of the public works.
I repeat, sir, that this dock, if constructed in
California, will be entirely at the service of the
merchant marine; because that will be in accord-
ance with the universal practice of the Navy, and
their established rules and regulations,namely, to
afford every facility to every citizen of the United
States that it is within their power to afford. I
therefore hold that legislation is not necessary for
the purpose of affording the merchant marine in
California the advantages of any dock the Gov-
ernment may see fit to build there.
Mr. BRODHEAD called for the yeas and nays
on the amendment, and they were ordered.
Mr, WELLER. Mr. President, if it has been
the practice of the Government to suffer the mer-
chant marine to use these dry-docks whenever ap-
plication is made, and whenever they are not
necessarily used by the Navy, there would, as the
honorable Senator from New Jersey says, be no
necessity for this provision. But I do not believe
that has been the practice to such an extent as
would enable the merchant marine, floating on the
Pacific ocean, to use this dry-dock, unless there
was some legislation on the subject. As a general
principle, I am opposed, as a matter of course, to
all copartnership between the Government and in-
dividuals. It was because I was opposed to inter-
fering with the business of private individuals, that
I was constrained to vote against the appropriation
for the Collins line. There was a copartnership.
There was an established concern, with a capital
stock of some $800,000 paid in by the Government
of the United States. That copartnership met
with favor from the Senator from New Jersey.
It seems, then, that he has become latterly a con-
vert to this doctrine of abstaining from interme'd-
dling with the affairs of private individuals, and
forming copartnerships between the Government
and private citizens.
I think that legislation- upon this subject is
necessary, and that the amendment, as it now
stands, is in a shape where the power cannot be
abused. We have the standing and reputation of
the Secretary of the Navy to assuie us that this
dry-dock, when not necessary for the use of the
Government, will be used for the accomodation of
the merchant marine floating upon the Pacific
ocean. That is all that we desire. "We intrust
this power to the Secretary of the Navy. He
may abuse it, it is true, as all human power is
oftentimes abused. It would, however, be an ar-
gument against all Governments. You are com-
pelled to trust those who have been selected by
the people for the discharge of these executive
duties. It is for that reason I prefer that the
amendment in its present shape should be adopted,
in order that we may have the security which the
reputation and the standing of the Secretary of the
Navy can give, that that power shall be exercised",
not only to protect the interests of the Govern-
ment of the United States, but also to accommo-
date all the vessels that may be found floating upon
that ocean.
Mr. MALLORY. Mr. President, the sugges-
tions thrown out by the honorable Senator from
New Jersey, are strictly correct. I doubt whether
any instance can be found of the controller of a
naval dry-dock, sectional floating dock, or other
contrivance for the repair of vessels, refusing the
use of the dock to a private vessel when not incom-
patible with the public service. The fact is, how-
ever, that on the Atlantic coast such a request will
rarely ever be made, because nearly every consid-
erable port of the United States has its dock. We
have some five public docks on the coast of the
Atlantic; and, if 1 am not misinformed, there are
in the Atlantic cities an infinite number of private
docks always open to the merchant marine. Un-
doubtedly on the Pacific coast, where no private
docks exist, if the officer controlling the Govern-
ment dry-dock should refuse it, when not needed
for the public service, to the merchant marine, he
would meet with the reprobation of the Secretary
of the Navy. I do not, therefore, deem legislation
at this moment essential.
While I am up, 1 would ask the Senator from
Maine whether, if this amendment be insisted
upon, he had not better insert a provision con-
trolling the Secretary of the Navy as to the time
for which he shall lease this doc* ? It would be
better, I think, to control the Secretary of the
Navy as to the duration of the lease; or is he to
have, in addition to the controlling power which
the amendment confers upon him, a right to lease
the dock throughout its entire existence?
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, I think the Sen-
ator will be very much troubled to find any power
given m the amendment which I have offered
which will authorize the Secretary of the Navy to
lease this dock to anybody for any length of time.
It was offered for the sole purpose of obviating
the objection which has been alluded to. I want
the Government to go into copartnership with
nobody. This amendment proposes simply to do
by law what the Senator from New Jersey and
the Senator from Florida say is now done without
law. Besides that, 1 do not agree with the asser-
tion of those gentlemen with regard to the use of
these docks for private vessels when they are not
needed for public purposes. There may be cases—
extraordinary ones—in which they have been al-
lowed to be used for private purposes; but if there
have been such cases they are exceptions. The
real rule is, as I understand it, that the public
docks are to be used for mercantile purposes on
no occasion. But the amendment, admitting the
assertion to be true, only provides that, what the
Senators say is now done without law, shall be
done by virtue of law and not in violation of law.
Th'e Senator from New Jersey is mistaken, if he
supposes that these docks are to be constructed for
the purpose of leasing them to merchants; or that
they are, to be constructed for the purposes of the
merchant service. It is not so. They are built
for the Government, but while not in the use of
the Government, in an extraordinary state of cirJ
cumstances, with the great amount of commerce
on that coast, and with no facilities for repairing
vessels, it is proposed to do there, by law, what
both the Senators from New Jersey and Florida
assert is done without law, although 1 do not un-
derstand that it is so.
Mr. DAWSON. Mr. President, when this, or
a similar amendment was proposed before, I gave
it as my opinion, that it was the commencement
of a new principle. I am oneof those who desire,
m my legislative action, to avoid making contracts
on the part of the General Government; for I know
that, whenever the Government of the United
States goes in as a contractor, all the losses inva-
riably fall upon it. What are we proposing to do
now ? To give ourselves the character of a lessor,
with a view to lease the public property to individ-
uals, and thereby, to the extent of the contract
which we make with the lessee, transferring the
public property to the control of that lessee, sub-
ject to the contract. And if the contract turns out
to be disadvantageous or injurious to the lessee,
any losses that will be sustained, I venture to say,
will be saddled upon the Government; and for this
purpose, our public property is to be controlled by
individuals. Now, this is said to be for the ben-
efit of the mercantile interest—forthebenefitof the
merchant marine. Who are to be the owners, the
controllers, and the lessees of this property? In-
dividuals ?
Mr. WELLER. Will the Senator from Geor-
gia allow me to read the amendment? He cer-
tainly misapprehends its whole character. It does
not propose to lease the dry-dock at all.
Mr. DAWSON. What does it propose?
Mr. WELLER. Its provisions are:
" That said dock may be used for the purposeof repairing
merchant ships, when not in use by the Government, in
such manner, for such compensation, and upon such terms
and conditions as shall be prescnbed by the Secretary of
the Navy."
Mr. DAWSON,
leasing it?
Mr. WELLER.
Mr. DAWSON.
Is not that equivalent to
Do you call that leasing it ?
Certainly; because if this is
to be used for private purposes, under such terms
and stipulations as the Secretary of the Navy may
choose, the individual who enters into the contract
will have rights given to him by it, and will ha\;£
the possession and control of the property. I do
not desire to oppose this finally. All that I desire
is, that we should take time. The dock is not
yet there; it has yet to be completed. Let the
Secretary of the Navy inquire into the state and
condition of things theie, and present to Congress
a scheme accompanied by facts, so that we may
comprehend the condition of things there, and
then we can pass a law to meet whatever emer-
gency may arise. But now, before the dock is
erected, are we to authorize the Secretary of the
Navy to put it at the command of individuals who
may desire to use it for their vessels? The great
injury which is to result from it is this: The use of
this public dock for private purposes will prevent
the erection of private docks, and the lessee or the
contractor, who will have possession of the pub-
lic docks, will demand of those who desire im-
provements and repairs upon their vessels just
what he pleases. It destroys all competition, and
it will grow into this result: that the Government
will be the builder of all the docks for public and
private purposes hereafter. And so soon as this
dock shall be placed without the control of the
Government in this way, the dock at Kittery, the
one at Philadelphia, and the one at Pensacolawill
all follow in tne same train, and individuals will
go there—ship-builders, ship-repairers—and get
possession of the Government property. I pre-
fer that this proposition should be withdrawn, for
I concur moat thoroughly with the honorable Sen-
ator from New Jersey, whose experience and ob-
servation should have great influence on this sub-
ject. Let it be passed over, at least for the present,
