1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
591
Congress a law was passed entitled " An act to
supply a deficiency in the appropriation for pay
and mileage of members of Congress for the pres-
ent session." The gentleman from South Caro-
lina, [Mr. Orr,] a lawyer of high standing and
reputation in his own State—and his reputation is
not confined to his own State—gave it as his opin-
ion that the proviso to that law is permanent in its
effect, and that it now regulates the compensation
of the Delegate from Oregon. I will read the law
so far as it applies to this question. The title is,
" An act to supply a deficiency in the appropria-
tion for the pay and mileage of members of Con-
gress for the present session." The first section
is as follows:
'"That the sum of one hundred and sixty thousand dol-
lars be, and the same Is hereby, appropriated out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropiiatod, for the
payment of mileage and per diem of the Senator*, members of
the House of Representatives, and Delegatus m Congress, at
the present session : two thousand three hundred and thnty
dollars for additional expense of stationery toi members of
the House of Representatives, during the pi esent session :
Provided, That the mileage of the Senatoisaud Representa-
tives from California, and the Delegate fiom Oregon, be com-
puted according to the most usual traveling route within the
limits of the United States; and the per diem ol said Sena-
tors and Representatives toi this session shall commence
from the day on which the Constitution ot California was
fiist communicated to the two Houses of Congress, respec-
tively."
It is this proviso to this appropriation bill which
the gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Orr]
thinks now regulates the compensation of the Dele-
gate from Oregon.
Mr. ORR, (interrupting.) With the permission
of the gentleman from Indiana, I desire to call the
attention of the House to this fact in the act which
that gentleman has just now read. In every clause
of that act there is a special reference had to this
session. Forinstance, thesum of $160,000isappro-
priated for the payment of mileage of the Senatois
and members at the present session—for $2,000 at
the present session; but the mileage which is in the
proviso, the pieaent session is not introduced. In
the last clause of the proviso, however, relating to
the per diem compensation of membeis, the pres-
ent session is again introduced. So that the act in-
dicates clearly, according to my conception, by
its reference, in every provision and m every
clause, except this one, that the appropriation1
is made for the present session, and even in the
latter clause of this proviso it is introduced, while
the provision for the mileage of the Delegate from
Oregon remains general, that that proviso was de-
signed to remain permanent.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. Speaker, I should
have been glad if the committee could have adopt-
ed that construction of tins provision, for then this
question would not now have been before the
House. But, sir, of what is this a proviso? It is
a proviso to a law which is for a special purpose,
and temporary in its operations. It is a proviso
to an appropriation law, and more, sir, to a defi-
ciency appropriation bill. And what is a proviso
in a law J It is that which qualifies, or restricts,
or construes that which precedes and forms the
body of the law. This proviso is connected with
what goes before; it is a qualification of it; else it
is not a proviso. That gentleman, [Mr. Orr,]
upon reflection, will recollect that it is a lecognized
and well-settled rule of construction, that a proviso
to a statute, unless the words of the proviso
indicate clearly and beyond all doubt another
intention, cannot have an effect in point of time
beyond the operation of the statute to which it is
attached. This is an appropriation law to pay the
compensation and mileage of members of'Con-
gress; and that appropriation is qualified by a pro-
viso that the mileage of the Delegate from Oregon
be computed by the overland route. That is what
the statute means, in my judgment. I will read a
part of a decision of the Supreme Court of the
United States, in a case analogous to this. It is
the case of Minis vs. The United States, in 15
Peters, 423. The suit was brought by the United
States against Minis, who was a surgeon in the
Army, for moneys of the United States received
by him as agent for the Government, but not dis-
bursed by him. He claimed to retain it as com-
mission upon moneys by him disbursed as agent
for the Government in the removal of the Chero-
kee Indians from their residence on this side of the
Mississippi to their residence upon the other side.
The disbursements were made in the year 1836-7.
In 1835, there was a law passed " making cer-
tain additional appropriations for the Delaware
breakwater, and for certain harbors, and for re-
moving obstructions in and at the mouth of certain
rivers, for the year in 1835."
The act which makes tbe specific appropriation
contains the following proviso:
" Provided, That no officer of the Army shall receive any
percentage or additional pay, extra allowance, or compensa-
tion, in any form whatsoever, on account of the disbursing
any public money appropriated by law during the present
session for fortifications, execution of surveys, works of in-
ternal improvement, building ot arsenals, purchase ot sup-
plies of any description, or tor any other service or duty
whatsoever, unles.*> authorized by law."
It speaks of disbursements of appropriation of
that session, and then says that no additional com-
pensation shall be made to any officer for any other
services. Under that provision, the United States
in that case claimed that no compensation should
be allowed to this surgeon of the Army for those
additional services rendered to the Government.
The Court, speaking upon this subject, uses this
language:
"The argument on behalf of the United States is, that
this proviso, although found in a mere appropriation law of
a limited nature, is to be construed, by reason of the words
'or for any other seivice oi duty whatsoever, unless au-
thorized by law,' to be pennanent in it^ operation, and ap-
plicable to all tuture appropriations, where officers of the
Army are employed m such service or duty; and that it
appeals from the record, that this was the very ground on
which the Tieasury Department rejected the claim of
Doctor Minis for commis>ions. The same question has
beeu made and fully aigued m the case of Gratiot vs. The
United States, at the piesent teim; and we have given it-
our dehbrate consultation. We aie of opinion that such
is not the true interrelation ot the teimsof the proviso;
and that it is limited exclusively to appropriations made at
the session ofl&C>.
"It would he somewhat unusual to find ingrafted upon
an act making special and temporaly appiopnation, any
provision which was to have a general and peimaneut ap-
plication to all future appropuations. JVoi ought such an
intention on the part ot the Legislature to be picsmned,
unless it is evpres&ed in the most clear and positive teims,
and wheie the language admits of no other reasonable in-
terpretation. The office of a piovw>, generally, is either
to except something from the enacting clause, or to quality
or restrain its generality, or to exclude -.ome povihle ground
of misinterpretation ot it, as extending to ease-- not intended
by the Legislature to he bi ought within its purview. Agen-
mal rule, applicable to all tuture ca^es, would mon natu
rally be expected to find its proper place m some distinct
and independent enactment."
I ask gentlemen to notice the language of the
Supreme Court in that case. The terms of the act
admit of no other reasonable interpretation.
" The office of a pioviso"—to use the language of the
court m that ca^e—<• i^geneially either to except something
from the enacting clause, oi to qualify or restiam it« gen-
erality, or to exclude some possible ground of misinteipie-
tattou of it, as extending to cases not intended 1>> the Legis-
lalurc to be biought within its purview. A general nile,
applicable to all tuture cases, would most natuially be ex-
pected to find its proper {date in some distinct and uide-
! pendent enactment."
The gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Orr]
. has referred to a provision to be found in the gen-
- eral appropriation bill of the last Congress, it is
i a provision found m connection with the appropri-
; ation for the public survey. It is as follows:
; " Provided, That no land bounty for military services
j granted by the act of :28th of September, 1K30, entitled * An
act granting bounty land to ceitam officers and soldiers who
' have engaged m the military seivico ol the Cmted State-,'
■ or by virtue of any other act ol Congress heretofore parsed,
! granting land bounties for military sei vices, ^hall be satislied
out of any public land not heietolore brought into market,
I and now subject to entiy at puvate sale uudei existing
| law*.''
! Mr. Speaker, I say that is no proviso. That is
| legislation upon an independent subject, not in any
' way connected with the public survey. It does
' nut limit the provisions of the law which precedes
it, and does not exclude misconstruction. That
proviso—it is called a proviso—does not perform
i the office of a proviso. I say it is an independent
! enactment upon an independent separate subject,
| and performs none of the functions of a proviso to
1 the preceding enactment.
! But I will not occupy any more time upon this
! subject. I will say that the Committee on Mile-
age, at the last session of Congress, gave the con-
, struction to the law which I have mentioned, that
i this proviso to the appropriation bill was tem-
■ porary in its effect, and ceased to operate at the
; close of the session at which it was passed. I un-
i. derstand that the Judiciary Committee in the Sen-
|! ate gave it a different construction during the last
j1 Congress, but that that decision has since been
|! reversed. But I am not certain upon that ques-
|! tion. In reference to the compensation of the
j( Delegate from Oregon, there is but one law, and
ij that is the provision in the territorial bill.
!] Now, I desire to turn my attention for a few
moments to the merits and demerits of the pro-
posed bill. And first, sir, I do not advocate this
bill, I did not report it, upon the ground that I
approved of the existing law. I think that the
law of IBIS ought to be amended, and I expect
that the Committee on Mileage will make a report
upon that subject. A bill is pending before the com-
mittee, and when the committee shall have come to
a conclusion upon the subject, and decided upon
their report, the matter will be brought before this
"House, and then I expect to give my views upon
the question. I will say now that I am in favor
of a change of the law, so that the compensation
of the members of this House, so far as their
mileage is concerned, shall be estimated by some
direct route—by some route to be ascertained by
another department of Government than by our-
selves. I say it is not worthy of this body,
that members of Congress should be called upon
to decide their own compensation. And this is
the great objection I have to thepiesent law. To
fix the service of his brother members is not a
duty which any man desires to perform, and I
wish to see the law changed so as to devolve this
duty upon others than members. I would like to
see the law so changed that the Post Office De-
partment shall decide the mileage of members by
the mail routes. And I would say further, if we
shall adopt this system of direct routes, then, as a
matter of course, the Delegate from Oregon will
be governed by the same principle of legislation as
other membeis. When we make this refoim in
the law, then we will bring the Delegate from Or-
egon and the members from California to the same
principle of compensation with other gentlemen.
If we have no mail route over the country we can
establish some distance and ascertain the mileage
to which they will be entitled by a direct route.
I will now notice some of the objections urged
by the honorable gentleman from Vermont, [Mr.
Hkbaiw.] When I heard his speech yesterday I
was not sure that 1 understood him correctly, tut
when I came to read his printed speech I find I did
not mistake his language. He says:
" I do not know what injustice there is about it. I have
not heard one gentleman, who has undertaken to show that
the pay given to this Delegate from Oregon was not an
equivalent loi the service he renders here."
With regard to the question which the gentle-
man raises, and the proposition involved m his,
remarks, that we shall estimate each gentleman's
compensation by the actual services performed
here, I undertake to say that the honorable Del-
egate from Oregon has given an earnest to the
country m his past services that the services which
he shall render in future will be commensurate
with the compensation to be given to him. And
it is a singular question for the gentleman from
Vermont to raise upon the distinguished Delegate
from Oregon, whether he earns $2,500 or not.
We say the Delegate from Oregon is not ade-
quately compensated, because he is not placed upon
a level with the rest of us. We ask that he shall
be placed upon the same platform with every
other member of Congress. I would nat ask the
honorable gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Heb-
ard] if his services are worth more to the coun-
try than the amount of his mileage and per diem.
It is a question which I ought not to ask. It is a
question, the answer to which might be embar-
rassing. I do not know whether it would hurt
his feelings or not, or whether it would Hatter the
gentleman's constituents or not. It is a question
which he ought not to propound in reference to
the services of the honorable Delegate from Or-
egon. I say, sir, that the Delegate from Oregon
has performed services for this country which
gives us a good guarantee that he will compensate
the country in faithful services for what shall be
paid him under the general law.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ste-
vens] aigues that the Delegate from Oregon comes
here with a vested right to $2,500 under the or-
ganic law of the Territory, and that the Govern-
ment has a vested right to his services; and that if
more than that sum is paid him, it is a gratuity.
If the honorable gentleman, by the use of these
terms, means that the compensation of a member
of Congress being fixed by law, cannot be changed
during his term—that it is a fixed legal compensa-
tion, which Congress has no legal or constitutional
power to alter, I do not agree with him. If lie
means that there is a moral obligation upon the
Government, that the compensation of any pub~>
