1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1508
and let it be brought up when the general naval
appropriation bill shall be before us, when we shall
have time to consider, and so hear something more
upon the subject. This is what I desire. (Jpon
one great principle, which controls me, that this
Government should enter into no such contract,
I want to see the time when the Government shall
pay down the dollars whenever it purchases any-
thing. I want the Government to make none of
your running contracts—none of those arrange- ]
inents in relation to the public property.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, it seems to me,
that the whole argument amounts to this:
whether this Government will act the part of the
dog in the manger in this dock business. The
whole amount of the amendment is, that while
we do not want to use this dock, we will allow
our merchants to use it. And the only question
is, whether that use shall be at the discretion of
the officer in control of the station, subject to his
whim and caprice, or whether it shall be under a
set of regulations prescribed by the Secretary of
the Navy in pursuance of law. That is the whole
dispute. It seems to me that so plain a question
cannot need much elaboration before the Senate.
Mr. STOCKTON. Mr. President, this, to my
mind, is not quite so small a matter as some Sen-
ators suppose. I think there is a great principle
which Senators must remember may grow out of
this, and be established by it. Senators say that
they want to do now, by law, what they have been
doing without law. They must admit, then, that
the public officers in the public service of the United
States, who have command of the public ships
and public dock-yards, will hereafter be prohibit-
ed from rendering aid to the mercantile marine or
to a vessel in distress; because, they say here, we
must have a law to do it. If you must have a
law to permit a merchant vessel in San Francisco
to go into the public dock, you must have a law
authorizing a man-of-war to give a barrel of flour,
or a barrel of pork, to a vessel in distress. I say
the principle is established, and has been practiced
since the foundation of the Government, that
whenever a public officer meets a private citizen
in distress, he is authorized to give to that private
individual all the aid he can, simply requiring from
.that citizen a remuneration for the actual expense
he has been put to; and if he were to call upon
that individual to pay more, he would be scouted
by every public man. This Government was not
intended for any such purpose. In my judgment,
if, through the' agency of the public officers, or
the public works, you can benefit a citizen, you
should benefit him, only requiring him to pay the
actual expenditures incurred by the benefit. You
should not degrade this Government by asking or
requiring your officers to call upon the citizen to
pay for any service you happen to render to an
unfortunate man.
Then, again, it does appear to me, that if any-
thing is done upon the subject, it should be with
more caution. We should take, as my honorable
friend from Georgia says, more time. You are
undertaking to throw your legislation over a very
wide field, and you must take time to do it. If,
therefore, you do anything, 1 hope that this mat-
ter will be postponed until the Senate can have an
oppoitunity to look into it. But, I repeat that,
in my judgment, no legislation is necessary.
I have one word to say to my friend from Cal-
ifornia, who, with an air of triumph, that does
not seem to me to be at all justified by the argu-
ment he made out, seemed to think that he not
only accused, but convicted me of great incon-
sistency; because, said he, " you went for the
Collins line, and now you will not 'go for this."
Well, sir, I abstained from participating in the
debate on that amendment befote the Senate, not
that I had not views which I wanted to express,
but because I hoped every speech which I heard
would have been the last. I could not conceive
how a simple proposition to pay a mail carrier an
additional compensation, could have given rise to
such an exciting and extended debate. If the
gentleman from California, and those who made
the onslaught upon that proposition, submitted
by the Naval Committee, chose to go into great
questions of Government, which had nothing to
do with it, it is their fault, not mine. That recom-
mendation of the Naval Committee was not, in
my judgment, treated by those gentlemen with
the respect and confidence it deserved. That
committee were no tasked, the duties imposed upon
them did not require that they should undertake
to examine into the authority under which that
contract was made. They were not required to
go and ask how much money the steamers of the
Cunard line cost. They were not called upon to go
and inquire whether the Government made money
or lost by the postage. The matter referred to
that committee was simply this: " Will you give
a few thousand dollars more to a mail carrier, or
will you allow the mails to be stopped?" That
was the question, and the proper question before
the Senate, and the only question, Senators will
permit me to say, with due deference to them,
that ought to have been debated in the Senate.
And now, I should like to know, taking that view
of the subject, how the Senator from California
can come here and hold me responsible to princi-
ples which were entirely irrelevant to the question
before the committee and for which I voted ? How
can he undertake to tell me, that I went for a
partnership' I say, I went for no such thing.
That partnership had been formed and consumma-
ted by a previous Congress. The deed had been
done. The Naval Committee did all they could
to disembarrass themselves. They turned them
all out of the committee as soon as they could,
and I believe at my instance. 1 want my friend
from California, therefore, to understand, that I
voted simply to give a mail contractor an addi-
tional price—not to establish a principle. The
principle was established by a previous Congress.
The contracts were made by the authority of the
Government, and this Senate, permit me to say,
had no authority whatever to look beyond those
contracts. It could neither annul, modify, nor
alter them. We must take them as they weie;
and the only question, therefore, that was before
the Senate, and the only question I voted upon,
was whether we would give the contractors $5,000
or §6,000 more a trip, or run the risk of losing
the benefit of the transportation of the mail by
these means.
Mr. BORLAND. Mr. President, I do not in-
tend to enter into the discussion of the merits of
the Collins line appropriation.
The PRESIDENT. It will not be in order to
do so.
Mr. BORLAND. I wish, however, to reply in
a single word to the Senator from New Jersey.
He lays it down as a principle to govern the action
of this body, that we had no right, and have no
right, to look behind contracts even to extend or
modify them in any particular whatever.
Mr. STOCKTON. Not without the consent
of the parties.
Mr. BORLAND. Why, here are the proprie-
tors of the Collins line, and they came forward
and declared to the Senate of the United States
that they had modified the contract; that they had
violated'it in almost every particular, and yet they
called upon Congress to modify and change, or
materially alter it in another. That is all that I
have to say.
The PRESIDENT. The appropriation for the
Collins line is not now under discussion.
Mr. WELLER. Certainly, I arn not disposed
to discuss that question; but I am rejoiced that I
made allusion to it, and therefore provoked a most
eloquent speech from my friend from New Jersey;
and I only regret that there was not a more nu-
merous audience present to have listened to his
display. 1 did not say that the Senator was in-
consistent in supporting an appropriation for the
Collins line, and in not supporting this proposi-
tion; but I said that there was an inconsistency in
his argument. The proposition now under con-
sideration is simply one to authorize the Secretary
of the Navy to permit the merchant marine to use
this dock whenever it shall not be necessary for
the use of the Government—whenever it shall not
be necessary for our vessels of war. That is all.
There is no partnership there. Whether there be
or be not a partnership between this Government
and Collins in the running of his line of steamers,
I shall not undertake to discuss, because that
would not now be in order.
The Senator said a short time ago, before he sat
down, that the reason he voted for that was, be-
cause the partnership had been formed long ago.
There was an admission that there was a partner-
ship, and that he had voted to continue the part-
nership, and yet he was all the time affirming that
it was a fixed principle in his mind never to have
the Government go into partnership with private
individuals.
Mr. STOCKTON. How could you get rid of
that contract ?
Mr. WELLER. I will tell, the Senator how
he could have got rid of if. They told us that
unless we gave them more than $850,000 a year,
they would take their steamers off, or in other
words, they would abandon their contract. If the
Senator was opposed to partnerships between the
Government and private individuals, why did he
not take these men at their word, and suffer them
to discontinue their line of steamers ? The remarks
of the honorable gentleman from New Jersey, in
regard to the discussion of that subject, did not
apply to me. I did not open my mouth about that
matter. I was perfectly satisfied with recording
my vote against that which I considered wrong in
principle, and calculated in practice to lead to most
disastrous results.
I ask the Senatorfrom New Jersey, if it be true,
as he says, that all these dry docks are now,
under the orders of the officers, permitted to be
used for the purpose of repairing vessels, what can
be the objection to the amendment? It is simply
declaring' that that hereafter shall be legal which
heretofore may have been considered, by some,
illegal. That is all we ask for. It is simply that
that dry-dock shall be permitted to be used by
your merchant vessels whenever it is not neces-
sary for your naval purposes. And what is the
objection to that? He says we have always done
that heretofore. Then adopt the amendment,
and it will be done hereafter, and it will be done
upon such terms and conditions as the head of
the Department having charge of the naval affairs
of your Government may choose* to prescribe.
Sir, I did not intend to have said a word; but this
is a question which concerns a part of the State
which I represent. I therefore was anxious that
there should be some arrangement by which mer-
chant vessels should be repaired on that coast.
It has been my practice never to open my mouth
in the Senate, and I intend to adhere to that for
some time, unless upon a question in which my
constituents are directly interested.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, the Senator from
New Jersey says the deed is done in relation to the
Collins line. Well, then, I submit to his judgment,
whether it is not done here > If he had listened to
the remarks of the honorable Senator from North
Carolina, he would have learned that the Secre-
tary of the Navy, by the law as it stands, claims
to have the power to exercise this very authority.
Now, sir, it will be within your recollection, and
within that of many other gentlemen here, that
one of the principal arguments when this law was
passed, which was pressed upon the Senate, was,
that it was to be for the benefit of the mercantile
marine.
Mr. MANGUM. I rise to a point of order. I
do it the more freely, because I raise it - upon a
friend on my own side of the Chamber, who sits
near me. It is said somewhere, that there should
be an end to all earthly things. I hop-e there is a
period approaching when there will bean end of
the discussion of this deficiency bill—and the point
of order which I raise is, that this discussion is
wholly irrelevant to the amendment under consid-
eration, for we have passed upon the amendment
proposing an appropriation for the Collins line.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from Massa-
chusetts is not discussing that question at all. He
is confining himself to the amendment.
Mr. MANGUM. I understood him to be re-
pelling an argument brought forward by the Sena-
tor from New Jersey, in relation to the Collins
line.
The PRESIDENT. That is passed by. The
Senator from Massachusetts is entil led to the floor.
Mr. MANGUM. I understood that the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts was repelling an argu-
ment offered by the Senator from New Jersey,
having relation to the Collins line; but as it seems
I am mistaken, I hope the Senator from Massa-
chusetts will proceed.
Mr. DAVIS. My friend from North Carolina
, labors under some misapprehension, in regard to
i the drift of my argument. I am sorry that I am
not able to make it a little more intelligible. But
; I was saying, that when this law, authorizing the
construction of this dry-dock was passed, the ar-
i gument was pressed very earnestly upon the Sen-
| ate, that one of its principal'uses would be for the
