2368
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 26.
forma Superintendency, were next considered and
concurred in:
11 Furniture for Superintendent's office, $500."
cf Flags for distribution among the tribes, $500.-?
The following amendment, also under head of
California Superintendency, was next read:
" One iron safe for Superintendent's office, §1,000."
Mr. HOUSTON. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a non-concurrence in that
amendment.
Mr. McCORKLE. Unless such a provision be
made, all your money there will be lost.
The question was then taken and the amend-
ment was non-concurred in.
The eleventh amendment of the Senate was:
" Add as a new section:
"Sec. 2. Jind be it further enactedy $'c., That for ex-
penses of compiling a map under the supervision of the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs, for the use of the com-
mittees of the Senate, showing the present boundary of the
Indian territory, and the location of the various Indian
tribes within the United States, $300."
Mr. JOHNSON", of Arkansas. 1 move to in- '
sert after the word " Senate" in that amendment,
the words " House of Representatives, and Indian
Bureau," and to increase the appropriation to
$500. The necessity of the amendment is obvi-
ous.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was agreed to; and the amendment of the Senate
as amended was then concured in.
The next amendment of the Senate was read,
as follows:
c< Add as a new section :
" Sec. 3. Jind be it further enacted, That the several sums
of money appropriated by this act to any Indian or Indians,
shall be paid directly to the Indian or Indians entitled there-
to, in person, and not to any agent or attorney of^aid Indian
or Indians, whether «uch attorney or agent may have been !
constituted by a written power of attorney or otherwise;
and that no person shall be appointed or continued as the
agent of the Government, to make any such payment, who
holds, or is inteiested m, any contract with any Indian or
Indians mentioned in this act; and that before any person
shall be allowed to make any such payment, or any dis-
bursement of money heiem appiopriated, he shall take and
subscribe an oath before some competent jiuthouiy, to be
filed in the Department of the Interior, that he does not
hold, and is not interested, either directly or indirectly, in
any contract of any kind, with any Indian or Indians men-
tioned in this act; and that he will not, during the contin-
uance of his duties, become the holder of, or interested in,
any such contract."
Mr. HOUSTON. Opposition is made to this
amendment by various gentlemen. 1 have exam-
ined, as I stated this morning, the letter from the
head of the Indian Bureau. He put^ a case or
two where this provision would conflict with the
treaty; and as it has to go back to the Senate, I
am willing that the section shall be disagreed to.
Mr. ORR. Would it not be better for the gen-
tleman to make exception, than to strike out the
Frovision entirely? It is intended to protect the
ndians. Almost everything we appropriate for
them is filched by agents and attorneys. If there
be anything in conflict with it, let exception be
made.
Mr. HOUSTON. In reply to the gentleman, I
will state that I supposed, when this went back
to the Senate, we should have a committee of con-
ference, who would draw out the provision, so
that there would be no conflict with existing trea-
ties at all.
. Mr. ORR. I have no objection to that course
being pursued, if the committee of conference ap-
pointed by the House will represent the wishes
and opinions of this House, that some such pro-
vision should be passed.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I object to
such understanding. No such law ought to pass.
Mr. VENABLE. I think the provision ought 1
to pass.
Mr. ORR. I move after the words " and not
to any agent or attorney of said Indian, or In-
dians," to insert the following: " excepting where
the same may conflict with existing treaties." I
suppose this amendment of the Senate is to pro-
vide against the continuance of the abuse which
has been practiced by agents upon the Indians.
I think it behooves Congress to look to their in-
terests. They are incompetent to manage for i
themselves, and nearly all the appropriations
made for their benefit go into the pockets of agents.
It happens very frequently that these Indian
claims are rejected from year to year, because they
do not eiupioy an agent. They finally employ
one, and he appropriates fifty per cent, of what
Congress donates. It is time a stop should be
put to it, and the proviso I have moved to the
amendment will remove all the difficulty suggested
by the gentleman from Alabama.
Mr. JOHNSON", of Arkansas. The objection
sought to be accomplished by the gentleman from
South Carolina is a good one. The necessity for
this provision is, however, obviated by the fact that
at this session of Congress a provision was attached
to the deficiency bill, on the motion of the gentle-
man from South Carolina, [Mr. Woobward,]
with my approval, affecting the purpose of the
gentleman. This section is superfluous; but were
tautology the only objection I had to urge against
it, I should not resist its passage. It goes beyond
that and conflicts with the treaty stipulations.
The provision of my friend to the section does not
obviate the difficulty. An attentive perusal of the
following letter, which was addressed to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs in reply to inquiries with
regard to this subject, will satisfy the committee
that it will not:
Department of the Interior, ?
Office Indian Affairs, Jlugust 24,1852. \
Sir: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your
letter of yesterday, calling the attention of this office to the
last section of the Indian appropriation bill as it passed the
Senate, and desiring to be informed what would probably
be the effect thereof in its present shape upon the operations
of the Indian Department; whether any modification of it
is desiiahle; and if so, what, ayd for what reasons.
I have only seen the section as reported m the pro-
ceedings of the Senate m the Daily Globe ot the 13th in-
stant. As it there reads, my impression is, that it would re-
quire every dollar appropriated in the bill for the fulfillment
of treaty stipulations, to be paid over to the Indians in per-
son, or per capita, including not only annuities, but also
the various amounts for goods, provisions, agricultural im-
plements, employment of farmers and mechanics, schools,
and other beneficial objects. This would be not only in
direct contravention of treaty stipulations, but exceed-
ingly detrimental to the welfare and host interests of the
Indians, as you, sir, who have so extensive and accurate
a knowledge ot indian affairs, and the Indian character,
can readily conceive. With respect to annuities, and, in
one or more cases, to other moneys appropriated in the
bill, the tieaties with some of the tribes define and specify
the manner m which they shall be paid—m some cases to
the chiefs, in some in such manner as the proper authori-
ties of the tribe shall direct, and in others as the tribe shall
direct. Hence the regulations of this office of August 30,
1847, issued pursuant to the act of March 3d of that year,
providing for the per capita payment and distribution ot'
money and goods tQ Indians, contained this provision:
" The President therefore directs, that hereafter all annu-
i ities and other money and goods due to the Indians be paid
' and distributed to heads of families, and to individuals
1 without families, entitled to participate therein,unZess a dif
c ferent mode of payment or distribution is expressly required
1 by treaty stipulation." In all such cases as the latter the
Indians have uniformly been averse to any other mode of
payment than that so presciibcdor provided for. It is un-
necessary for me to undertake to show the evil results that
must flow from the Government setting the Indians the ex-
ample of disregarding plain and direct stipulations and re-
quirements of our tieaties with them. If not observed by
us, we cannot expect them to be by those people.
The regulations to which I have referred made another
important excepuon, as follows: uIt is not intended by the
' directions herein contained to debar the Indians from set-
' ting apart such portions of their annuities as they may see
4 proper lor purely charitable purposes or for such national
1 objects as may be calculated to improve their condition
< and to advance their general welfare, such as schools, and
f the encouragement of agriculture and the mechanic arts,"
&c. Such appiopnations, in some instances ot consid-
erable amounts, have been made by a number of the tribes
of portions of their annuities, which the section referred to
would jfrevent by requiring all to be paid over to the Indians
in person or per capita.
In regard to some of the amounts annually appropriated
under tieaty stipulations, the President is invested with a
disci etion either to cause them to be paid over m money or
to be applied to beneficial objects tending to improve the
condition ot the Indians and to advance them in civiliza-
tion. In most, if not all such cases, the amounts have been
so applied, and with the bestresults. To change thiscouise
of policy and pay the money to the Indians, as would be
required by the section in question, would be exceedingly
untortunate, if not in the highest degree pernicious. Para-
doxical as the statement may seem, the less an Indian re-
ceives in money, as a geueial rule, the better he is off.
The seventeenth section of the trade and intercourse act
of June 30th, 1834, provides, that depredations committed
by Indians upon our citizens shall bo paid for out of their
annuities. This provision, which operates as a strong pre-
ventive of such depredations, would be overturned by the
section under consideration, requiring as it would, the pay-
ment of every dollar of annuity tn the Indians. The result
would be, not only that such depredations would doubtless
become moie numerous, hut an obligation would be im-
posed upon the Govei nment to pay them out of the national
Treasury, as in cases of depredations committed by Indians
who have no annuities.
With respect to that part of the section which has refer-
ence to agents being interested in contracts, and requiring
them to make oath that they do not hold, nor are interested
in any such contracts, I am confident i do nothing more
than justice to the gentlemen atthehead of the Department
j and this office in saying, that they would instantly dismiss,
i or report to the President for dismissal, any agent holding,
i or interested in any such contract, on that fact becoming
j known to them. And any agent who would be so fai coi-
rupt and reckless as to disregard his oath of office and the
penalties of his bond as to enter into, or be concerned iu
any such contract, would be but little, if at all, restrained
or influenced by an oath without any penalty, such as that
required by the section in question.
Another objection to the section is the delay it would
occasion in the transmission of the funds required for early
payment and expenditure. None can be remitted till the
required oath shall have been taken and filed in the De-
partment of the Interior, which, with respect to more re-
mote agents, will requiie a period of at least from four to
six months. Such delay must inevitably give rise to the
most serious inconvenience and embarrassment to the pub-
lic service and the Indians.
With respect to any modification of the system, I would
respectfully remark, that I have none to recommend or
suggest. The existing laws and regulations being, in my
judgment, amply sufficient to protect both the Indians and
the Government.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
CHARLES E. MIX,
Jlcting Commissioner ad interim.
Hon. R. W. Johnson,
Chairman Committee Indian Jljfairs,
House of Representatives.
Mr. ORR. My amendment meets every objec-
tion and difficulty suggested in the letter.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. The Commit-
ees of Ways and Means and Indian Affairs are
satisfied that this thing should be stricken out.
The question was then taken on Mr. Ore's
amendment, and it was agreed to.
Mr. SWEETSER. I call for tellers upon the
amendment as amended.
Mr. JOHNSON. The amendment which is
placed there does not reach but one class of cases.
There are at least five. I hope the committee will
vote the section down.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman must be
aware that debate is out of order. By unanimous
consent, the various amendments were read, upon
which the question was to be taken withoutdebate.
The question is now upon concurring with those
amendments as they have been amended.
Mr. FITCH. To show the inconvenience, not
to say absurdity of this thing, I will offer the fol-
lowing amendment.
And the Secretary of the Interior shall take a similar
oath, to be filed witb the President, and the President shall
take a similar one, to be laid before Congress, before he
approves any appropriations for Indians, and each and
every member of Congress shall take a similar one before
voting on any such appropriation.
Mr. ORR. I rise to a question of order.
The CHAIRMAN. In the opinion of the
Chair, the amendment is not in order, as it is not
consistent with the question. The gentleman can
make an amendment which would be in order.
Mr. FITCH. I do not see how it is inconsist-
ent.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides the
amendment out of order.
Mr. BISSELL. I would like to inquire of those
gentlemen who have especial charge of this bill
if it is intended to get through with it and pass it
in committee? If so, I am content to sit here; but
if not, I think the committee should rise.
The CHAIRMAN. The question now before
the committee is upon agreeing with the amend-
ments of the Senate, which have been read.
Air. HALL. I ask a separate vote upon this
amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Mis-
souri [Mr. Hall] asks a separate vote upon the
last amendment of the Senate as amended. The
Chair, then, upon the previous understanding of
the committee, will put the question upon all the
other amendments as they have been reported.
The question now is upon the last amendment of
the Senate as amended by the amendment of the
gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Orr.]
The question was taken; and, upon a division
there were—ayes 65, noes 36; no quorum voting.
Mr. HART demanded tellers; and they were
ordered.
Mr. FITCH. If it is in order now, I desire to
make an amendment, which will make this thing
less obnoxious. I presume that no member of
the committee desires to embarrass the bureau in
the honest discharge of duty. As this question
now stands, it will have that effect. I propose to
insert in the amendment of the gentleman from
South Carolina, [Mr. Orr,] which reads, " except
where they may conflict with existing treaties,"
the following:(< or the instructions of the Depart-
ment heretofore acted upon in the payment of this
money." If you desire to get clear of the present
manner of payment to the Indians, you must do
it in some other than the sweeping manner pro-
posed in this section, or do injustice to the Indians.
