592
ttte congressional globe.
Feb. 18,
lie Officer shall "not be reduced during his term, I
ao-reewith him; but when he talks about vested
rights—that Congress has no power to change the
law compensating members of Congress, I do not
concur with him. I understand him to be an ad-
vocate of reform upon the mileage question, but,
under his doctrine of vested rights, I want to
know when that reform could be brought about ?
When can we change the law and not affect the
compensation of Senators. This law of 1818
regulates the compensation of Senators, Represent-
atives, and Delegates, and under the doctrine of
the gentleman it cannot be amended so as to
change the compensation of a Senator now chosen.
Owing to the peculiar organization of that body
you never could bring a law into force at a time
at which it would riot" affect some man who was
holding that office, unless, peradventure, you put
its operation off six years. Then, perhaps, you
might. The position the gentleman assumes for-
ever forbids amendment of the present law. But
Congress has never adopted his doctrine. In 1836
the compensation was changed so as to give a sal-
ary, and that was made to affect the members of
that Congress. In 1818 that law was repealed,
and the new law took effect during that Congress.
I am not in favor, Mr. Speaker, I will here say,
of imitating the example of these two Congresses,
which 1 have mentioned. I urn not in favor of
amending the law so as to affect the compensation
of Representatives during this session—during the
same session at which the law is changed. Mem-
bers ought not to legislate upon their own com-
pensation any further than it is possible for them
to avoid.
Again: the gentleman says the Delegate from j
Oregon came here under a vested right, knowing I
the law; and he dwells with some force upon the !
fact that the honorable Delegate was once iheGov- !
ernor of Oregon, and ai the time the law was passed '
which changed the compensation of the delegate 1
from that Territory. The pie-sent Delegate then i
was not the Governor of that Territory. Parry pro-
scription had driven him from that position to
which his services to the country had elewifed ,
him. I will take that, back, I will not charge it
upon the party. I do not believe the Whig party ;
is responsible for that odious act. I believe it was
the personal feelings of the then incumbent of the
presidential chair, which induced the removal of
the honorable Delegate from his position. Diffi- ;
culties growing out of the vindication which the j
honorable Delegate from Oregon had made of the ;
Indiana troops against the report of their com-!
mander, caused Ins removal from that position. '
The gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. Steven's]
dwells upon the fact that the Delegate was Gov-
ernor of that Territory, and knew the law. He
quotes an old maxim o'f law,that all men are bound
to know the law—a maxim under which unfor-
tunate men were often executed in England when
they were guilty of no moral offence—an axiom
of law that every man is bound to know the law
which prevailed in England when tin- .statutes took
effect and were in force from the fir^t day of the
session of Parliament. And the gentleman desires
to adopt towards the Delegate from Oregon th'S
iron and unjust maxim of the English lav,. So
odious has this principle of the law been to the
States of this Confederacy, that in a majority of
them it has been provided in their constitutions,
that no law shall take effect until it has been pub-
lished, unless the public srood or the exigencies of
the time# tequire it. The gentleman says that the
Delegate knew the law. I say that ho-ir.rrh'e gen-
tlemen upon this door and ci.mmittcc-o of Congress
differ in reference to the law giving ^ompensjnion
to that Delegate. The gentleman from Sunt!. Car-
olina [Mr. Orr] tiiinks that Lis compensation is
regulated by the law of 1850, while other gentle-
men this House think that the law organism*
the territorial government governs his < •"> npen-
sation. Yet the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
although there is this uncertainty about the bw,
says that the Delegate is hound w know it. This
law or 1850 had hardly reached Oregon when the
gentleman was elected as the Delegate. He was
not then Governor. He was a private nuzen,
and following his own pursuits, and no', I sup-
pose, reading with great, care the special appro-
priation bills of Congress—bills which wry 'few
men read. Then how was the Delegate ro know
what, the law of compensation was > He knew
that his predecessor had received $3,45*2 at the last
session. He knew that his predecessor was not
limited by the restriction of the territorial lav/, but
that he received a mileage compensation. I there-
fore say, that the argument of the member has
lost its force with relation to the compensation of
the Delegate from Oregon. He was not expected
to know the law more than gentlemen upon this
floor who differ widely in respect to it. Now, I
will briefly notice a few other arguments, and will
then close. The gentleman from Georgia [Mr.
Toombs] contends that the present mileage law is
very unjust, very unequal, and that we ought not
to compensate the Delegate from Oregon under that
law. He says that it is unequal and unjust be-
cause one man receives more money from the
Government than another. The dollars that we
receive from the public Treasury is the rule by
which he estimates the equality of position of
honorable gentlemen. In my judgment there is
another rule than the dollar rule which the gentle-
man mentions. We are equal when we stand
upon the same law, when it prescribes our duties,
defines our rights, and protects us. We are un-
equal when there is for one man one legislation,
and for another man a different legislation. That
is all I have to say in reference to that argument
of the gentleman. Let us see how unequal the
law is as it stands, and how much more unequal (
the gentleman would make it by the amendment
he would propose. He says that all above the
mere traveling expenses is to be regarded as com-
pensation—as salary, and that that ought to be
divided equally amongst the members of Con-
gress—that above the actual expenses in ap-
proaching the capital and returning from it we
ought to be equal. I think that would be a more
unequal and more unjust law than the one at pres-
ent regulating the compensation* of members.
The Delegate from Oregon has to come, in ap-
proaching this capital, more than seven thousand
I miles. It costs, the gentleman says, $300; and
! that i)G00 ought to be allowed him for coming
j and returning, and that all above that that lie re- .
; ceives should be the same that a gentleman living ,
1 within fifty miles of this capital would receive. [
i How does he compensate the Delegate for the 1
1 tone spent in the journey? It takes from thirty- 1
j five to forty days to reach the seat of Govern- i
' ment from that Territory, and by the overland j
i route it would take several months. The gentle- !
| man would make no compensation to the Dele-
1 gale for the time spent in getting here and return-
j ing home. There would be then three months of
i time for which he would receive no compensation,
'j lie makes no estimate in his rule of equality for
• j the fa$t, that the Delegate must turn his back upon
! his family—upon his business. The gentleman
| from Georgia lives within seven or eight hundred
!' miles from the capital. If the circumstances of
I his family required it—if no business of general
importance was on hands, or if the interests of
i' his constituency did not require him to be here—
he might absent himself from the House—as I
; br!ie\ e he did, during the first part of this session.
I do not refer to the fact that the gentleman from
;j Georgia. [Mr. Toombs,] and the gentleman from
/ Pennsylvania, [Mr. Sti:\kns,] were absent from
i1 their sear«, for the purpose of criticism. They,
:: no doubt, "when they left their seats, felt it to be
. th^ir duty to do so. They did not feel that they
■ deserted their public duties by going. They
' were, on account of their living near the capital,
enabled to go home within a day or two. They
j were able to leave the Hails of Congress, and go
home to attend to their private affairs, and in the
, pi act ice of the law to keep up their business.
; Tni>j, sir, I suppose is wor'h something to gende-
nu it living ne.«r the capital. I suppose the gen-'
demon from Peiinpylvmia would not give up tins
advantage nf his, m keeping up his business at
home, nsr the whole mileage of the Delegare from
Oregon. In his estimate, the gentleman from
Georgia does not take that into consideration.
Why is it that we pay foreign ministeis when
■ they leave this country £.9,000 going, and $9,000
returning, and $9,000 each year for staying? It
is not merely ro defray their expenses m going,
because they can go to any court of Europe sooner,
1 and at less expense and ri*k of life and health
■ than the honorable Delegate from Oregon can
come to this capital. It is not for that, then. It
is not to enable them to imitate the courtly and
costly fashions of Europe. Certainly it is for no
> such purpose. We compensate them thus largely
because they have to leave their country, their
family, and their business. The gentleman from
Oregon is as far removed from his home and his
business as any minister when he leaves this coun-
try and goes to any court in Europe, and yet the
gentleman from Georgia would give him the same
compensation as is received by a member living
within thirty or one hundred miles of the capital.
I have remarked that the law as it now stands
compensates every member of Congress by a fixed
rule—a per diem allowance and mileage, with a
single exception, and that exception is made
against the honorable Delegate from Oregon. We
ask to remove this exception; and shall it not be
removed? My colleague from Indiana [Mr, Pac-
ker] on yesterday said no such exception ought
to be taken prejudicial to the Delegate from Ore-
gon—that his services to the country have made
him the object of so much interest to the country
that this exception to his prejudice ought not to
be made. I think there is force in that sugges-
tion. If we are going to make a discrimination
against one man, let it not be against the Dele-
gate from Oregon, who has rendered such distin-
guished services to the country. But I do not
claim that this bill shall be passed upon that
ground—that the Delegate from Oregon has made
himself a name, and secured a place in the hearts
of his countrymen by his gallant services. I ask
it for no such reason. I ask that it shall be passed'
to place him upon an equality with the rest of the
members of Congress—that he shall not be made
an exception, but that his compensation shall be
estimated by the same rule that regulates the com-
pensation of the rest of the members of Congress.
And then, Mr. Speaker, I will be in favor of
amending the general law limiting the mileage by-
more certain enactment-?, and by such amend-
i ments the Delegate from Oregon will be equally
j affected with other Representatives.
Mr. WILLIAMS. The House have given
this subject an importance which, in my humble
opinion.it does not require; still, I believe it to
be my duty to give the House and the country
the reasons which have governed my vote. I
would like to know what the inequality of mileage
and the pay of members has to do with this ques-
tion, abstractly and properly speaking ? Nothing
! at all. No more than the gallant services of the
. gentleman from Oregon has to do with it. What
1 has the great question of retrenchment, economy
| and reform, which was brought in by my friend
i from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,] to do with this
j question? Is there a solitary member who has
! addressed the House, but what admits that the
j present pay of' members of Congress is wrong-
; and improper, and ought to be remedied. I will
! not dispute but what that is the feeling of every
! gentleman who has addressed the House; but ss
, acts speak louder than words, I would be pleased
!j to see any gentleman who speaks of the want of
j attention to economy and reform, make a propo-
! sition to remedy this evil. Has a solitary prono-
i sition of this kind been made to remedy the evil?
; Not one. You cannot fix the system of mileage
without producing injustice to some one, whether
you fix it at two cents, at twenty cents, or forty
cents per mile. The distance will make it un-
equal and unjust. If, then, it is an evil—-if mem-
bers are paid improperly, as we all believe—for
jj I have been here seven sessions, and this ques-
■ | tion of mileage, like Monsieur Tonson, com*-*
- again before us, and we have had long and loud
' speeches upon it—why not vote to give a hovaftds
and proper annua! compensation to all the mem-
■ bers, with just enough to pay them their reason-
able tnneimg expenses ? Do that, and you will
adjust this matter finally and permanently. Has
anybody proposed it: Does the Committee on
Mileage offer to apply the prunmg hook to the
j. evil of which we all complain? Not at all. The
!| entire action of this House consists merely in
j! complaints. Proper action will remedy the evil
complained of. When Congress passed this tpr-
;• ritonal bill for Oregon, we ail labored under the
impression that this mileage system was wrong.
For by it, the greater the distance the greater the
injustice, A nd when you crossed the vast Rocky
Mountains, and entered upon the Pacific border,
; in the formation of that territorial bill Congress
put in a provision that the Delegates west of the
Rocky Mountains should receive $2,500. It was
a good beginning, and if it had been carried out
and acted upon, I would have submitted to it
