2370
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 26,
blind or inattentive to them. The idea m the in-
stance of this amendment, was to protect the In-
dians against attorneys. So far, it was all right
and laudable; but the Senate have made it so
sweeping, that instead of protecting them solely
against attorneys, it seeks to protect them against
themselves, and compels them to receive money
in a different manner from what they desire; in a
different manner from what the Government has
heretofore, at request of the Indians, paid it to
them; in a different manner from that contemplated
by our intercourse laws; and in a different man-
ner from that prescribed by the rules and regula-
tions of the Department, which rules and regula-
tions have been framed according to law; in a
different manner from what the wants and inter-
ests of the Indians dictate. My friend from
Missouri stated that the effect of this provision
■was temporary. I understood him to say that it
only applied to this bill.
Mr. HALL. I understood that to be its ef-
fect.
Mr. FITCH. If such is the case, the amend-
ment is less exceptionable; but if found to be
designed as a part of the permanent statutes of
the country, it ought not to be adopted. If it is
applicable only to this bill, its evils will be limited
to this year. It conflicts with our treaties; it
conflicts with our Indian intercourse laws; and it
conflicts with the expressed and weil-understood
•wishes of the I ndians themselves. The gentleman
from South Carolina [Mr. Orr] says, he has
never been much enlightened by me upon the sub-
ject of our Indian relations. If so, it may be my
misfortune—it may be his fault. There are eyes
•which will not see the right, and ears which are
impervious to reason.
Mr. CARTTER. I move that the committee
do now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose, and the Speak-
er having resumed the chair, the chairman reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union had, according to order, had the Union
generally under consideration, and particularly
House bill No. 43, being the Indian appropriation
bill, and had come to no conclusion thereon.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. I rise to a priv-
ileged question.
Mr. HOUSTON. I hope I shall be allowed to
say that we are bound to lose some of the appro-
priation bills, unless we progress with business
more rapidly than we are now doing. j
Mr. CARTTER. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I move that the House do now adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot make
that motion while the gentleman from Alabama is
upon the floor.
Mr. HOUSTON. I was going to appeal to the
House.
Mr. CARTTER. I call thegentleman to order.
He is "appealing to the House. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair will suggest to
the gentleman from Alabama, that discussion is
not in order, unless he makes some proposition to
the House.
Mr. HOUSTON. Thai is what I was trying
to do. I want to propose that the House meet to-
night. We cannot get through with the necessary
business of the session unless we progress more
rapidly. I move that the House take a recess till
seven o'clock this evening.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in order,
except bv unanimous consent.
Mr. CARTTER. I object.
Mr. HOUSTON". I move to suspend the rules.
Mr. CARTTER. Is it in order to move that the
House do now adjourn ?
The SPEAKER. That motion is now in
order.
Mr. CARTTER. Well, sir, I submit it.
Mr. STANTON. I insist that I am entitled to
the floor. I rose to a privileged question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's privileged
q-if'Siinn cannot take precedence of a motion to
adjourn.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. I demand the
yeas and nays upon the motion to adjourn.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was then taken, and the motion
was agreed to—ayes 50, noes 29.
And the House adjourned till to-morrow at
eleven o'clock, a. m.
IN SENATE.
Thgrsdat, August 26, 1852.
Prayer by th£ Rev. C. M. Butler.
On the motion of Mr. Mangum the reading of
the Journal was dispensed with.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempwc laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of the Treasury,
made in compliance with a resolution of the Senate,
relative to the trade of the British North American
Colonies with the United States and other parts
of the world; which was ordered to be laid on the
table and printed.
A motion to print five thousand additional copies
was referred to the Committee on Printing.
PETITION.
Mr. SHIELDS presented a memorial of a com-
mittee of the corporation of the City of Washing-
ton, prayingan appropriation to repair the present
bridge across the Potomac, or to rebuild one on or
near its present site.
A motion by Mr. SHIELDS to print the above-
named memorial was referred to the Committee on
Printing.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. FISH,_it was
Ordered, That Lydia Ann Mills"have leave to withdraw
her petition and papers.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. BUTLER, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to which was referred the memorial of
John G. Camp, late marshal for the middle dis-
trict of Florida, submitted a report, accompanied
by a bill for his relief; which was read and passed
to the second reading. The report was ordered
to be printed.
Mr. FELCH, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to which were referred the statement of
the Commissioner of the General Land Office, and
the opinion of the Attorney General of the United
States, relating to the several conflicting claims of
Randolph Coyle, John Delafield, and the city of
Cincinnati, to certain lands, submitted a report,
accompanied by a bill to settle the title to certain
lands in the city of Cincinnati, Ohio; which was
read and passed to the second reading. The report
was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the bill to regulate the surveying and sale
of islands belonging to the United States in certain
cases, reported it back without amendment, with
a recommendation that the bill do not pass, the
committee deeming that there has been sufficient
legislation thereon already.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Print-
in°-, to which was referred the motion of Mr.
Bright, for the printing of one thousand additional
copies of certain documents relating to the memo-
rial of the Hon. David L. Yulee, reported that
the same be not printed; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the motion to print five thousand ad-
ditional copies of the annual report of the Regents
of the Smithsonian Institution, reported in favor of
printing the same, and that two thousand copies
thereof be for the use of the Institution; which
was agreed to.
NAVY-YARD AT NEW ORLEANS.
Mr. GWIN, from the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, to winch was referred the memorial of cer-
tain citizens of New Orleans, offering to sell a site
for a navy-yard, asked to be discharged from its
further consideration, and submitted the following
resolution; which was agreed to:
Reiolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be requested
to ascertain, through an examination to lie made by the
senior naval officer at New Oileans, with such other naval
officers of not less than the grade of a lieutenant, as may
then be in New Orleans, m connection with the command-
ing officer of the navy-yard at Pensacola, whether, in case
a navy-yard shall hereafter he established at or near the
said city of New Orleans, the property offeied by R. B.
Sumner, and others, a? a site for said navy-yard and dep3t,
is peculiarly adapted to the purpose, and to ascertain what
are the best terms on which it can be obtained from the
present owners, with all other details, for a purchase, sub-
ject to the consideration and action that may be taken there-
on at the next session of Congress ; the Secretary being fur-
ther requested to report to Congress, in accordance with
this resolution, by the 1st Monday jn December next.
PRINTING OF CONGRESS DURING RECESS.
Mr. HAMLIN. The Committee on Printing
have directed me to report a joint resolution, rela-
ting to the printing of Congress during the recess,
which I ask may be considered at this time.
The joint resolution was read a first and second
time by unanimous consent, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It proposes that the
Secretary of the Senate, Clerk of the House, and
Clerk of the Committee on Printing, shall be em-
powered to examine, audit, and pass upon all ac-
counts for printing and binding during the recess
of the present Congress, in the same manner as is
done by the Committee on Printing during the
session of Congress.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, and ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading.
COMPENDIUM OF PUBLIC DOCUMENTS.
Mr. HAMLIN. The same committee, to
which was referred a resolution in relation to the
printing of a compendium of the President's mes-
sage and the accompanying documents, have
directed me to report back the same with an amend-
ment. My colleagueis very desirous that it should
be put upon its passage at this time.
Mr. BRADBURY. I ask that it may be con-
sidered at this time. The amendment that is re-
ported by the committee obviates the objections
which were urged to the original resolution. It
simply provides that the reports of the heads of
Departments shall be printed with the usual re-
ports of the heads of Bureaus, and also a compen-
dium of reports of the heads of Bureaus, in order
to enable us, at the commencement of the session,
to print the usual number of documents, and
instead of an extra number, to have the means of
printing a compendium.' It will save hundreds of
thousands of dollars in a few years.
The Senate proceeded, as in Committee of the
Whole, to consider the joint resolution.
The amendment reported is as follows:
Resolved, That the Piesident be requested to cause to be
laid before the Senate, at the commencement of the next
session, with the annual leportsof the heads of the Depart-
ments, and the accompanying reports of the chiefs of bu-
reaus, an abstract or compendium also of said last-named
reports; and a like abstiact or compendium of the reports
of the Secretary of the Treasury on the finances, and on
commerce and navigation, together with the full report
thereon, to facilitate the preparation of a compendium of
the annual public documents.
Mr. BORLAND. I would inquire if this con-
templates the printing of the compendium?
Mr. BRADBURY. No, sir.
Mr. BORLAND. I would suggest, to make
the work valuable at the beginning of the next
session of Congress, which will be short, that it
ought to be printed.
Mr. BRADBURY. I am aware of that, but it
would lead to an objection, and we can do that
hereafter.
Mr. BADGER. That amendment proposes to
direct the President to have prepared a compen-
dium or abstract of the report on commerce and
navigation. That report does not come to us from
the President. It is not sent by him at all, but is
made by the Secretary of the Treasury under the
law.
Mr. BRADBURY. It only directs him to have
that prepared, with the full report.
Mr. HALE. Is this a joint resolution which
the committee has reported ?
The PRESIDENT. A joint resolution was re-
ported, was referred to thecommittee, and has been
reported with an amendment.
Mr. BRADBURY. It was intended to make it
simply a Senate resolution, so that the Senate
might try the experiment. I therefore propose to
amend the title by striking out " joint."
The PRESIDENT. Then the report of the
committee is to 3trike out the whole resolution,
and insert the amendment.
Mr. BRADBURY. Yes, sir.
Mr. HALE. I desire to remind the Chair that
he once decided in my case that that could not be
done.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair is still under
the impression that the joint resolution will have to
belaid on the table, to enable the Senate to pro-
ceed to consider the simple resolution which is re-
ported. The Chair has not changed his opinion.
Mr. BRADBURY. By unanimous consent,
this resolution may be adopted as reported from
the committee. I ask that that may be done.
The PRESIDENT. If such is the pleasure of
the Senate, the joint resolution will be laid on the
