1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
595
with certain papers to be transmitted immediately,
and some delay in their transmission, I have not
had the opportunity heretofore to'present them to
the Senate. As I do not wish to be any longer
considered negligent of that duty, I present the
resolutions of the Legislature of North Carolina, \
in relation to the encouragement of home industry, j
and requesting their members of both branches of j
Congress to vote against any increase of tariff !
duty.
I present, also, a resolution of the Legislature of!
North Carolina, in favor of the reopening of the
inlet at or near Nag's Head, between the ocean
and Albemarle Sound.
Also, resolutions "of the Legislature of North
Caiolina, in favor of opening a communication be-
tween BeaufortHarborand the waters of Pamlico
Sound; also, in favor of a hydrographical survey
of the waters between Pamlico Sound and Beau-
fort Harbor, known as Core Sound. As my col-
league suggests, I ask that they be printed for the
use of the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, presented a memo-
rial of assistant marshals for taking the Seventh
Census in the eastern district of Tennessee, pray-
ing additional compensation; which was referred
to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. BRIGHT presented three memorials of
assistant marshals for taking the Seventh Census
in Indiana, praying additional compensation;
which were refened to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. MASON. I present a petition which has
been addressed to me, postmarked from New
York, of Margaret Shields and Mary McDermit,
in behalf of themselves and many others.
They represent that the Secretary of State is
about to interpose for the relief of certain Irish
prisoners in Van Dieman's Land, and asking that
their husbands, who they say are in like exile,
may be included in such interposition. I do not
quite agree with all the positions of the memorial-
ists, but as the memorial is a respectful one, I
have felt it to be my duty to submit it to the Sen-
ate; and I ask that, without being read, it may be
laid upon the table. I have rfo idea, however, that
the Secretary of State will ever make such inter-
position.
The memorial was laid upon the table.
Mr. HUNTER presented a petition of sundry
meichants of New York, praying the correction
of errors in the practice of the warehouse laws;
which was referred to the Committee 011 Com-
merce.
Mr. WADE presented a memorial of A. Ray-
mond, an assistant marshal for taking the Seventh
Census in Ohio, praying additional compensation;
which was referred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, presented the memorial
ofWilliam Hollinshead, praying compensation for
reporting and preparing for publication the decis-
ions of the Supreme Court of the Territory of
Minnesota; which was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. DOWNS presented a petition of the curate,
president, and members of the board of trustees
of the Cathedral of St. Louis, in the city of New
Orleans, praying that certain marble altars and
other articles ordered in Europe for the use of that
Cathedral maybe entered free of duty; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. CHASE presented a memorial of the trus-
tees of the Miami University, praying a donation
of land for the benefit of that institution; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Also, three memorials of assistant marshals for
taking the Seventh Census in Ohio, praying addi-
tional compensation; which were referred to the
Committee of Claims.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. UPHAM, it was
Ordered, Thai the petition of Samuel White, on the ft!**
of the Senate, be refened to the Committee on Pensions.
On motion by Mr. SHIELDS, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of Michael Na&h, on the
filesof the Senate,be lefcired toflie Committee of Claims.
On motion hy Mr. BRIGHT, it was
Ordered, That the document's on the files of the Senate
relating to the elann of Franklin Hardin he referred to the
Committee of Claims.
On motion by Mr. JONES, of Iowa, it was
Ordered, That William E. McMaster have leave to with-
draw his memorial.
On motion by Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, it was
Ordered, That the petition of James Higghibotlmm, on
the tiles of the Senate, be refeired to the Committee on
Public Lands.
On motion by Mr. DODGE, of Iowat it was
Ordered, That the petition of John A. Jiatin, on the files
Of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
REPORTS OP STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. BORLA.ND, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to which was referred the petition of Frances
E. Baden, reported a bill for her relief; which was
read and passed to the second reading.
Mr. SEWARD, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to which the subject was referred, reported
a bill to prevent unnecessary delays in the dis- j
charge of the cargoes of steamers; which was read '
and passed to the second reading.
Mr. PRATT, from the Committee of Claims,
to which was referred the petition of Richard
Mackall, submitted a report, accompanied by a
bill for his relief; which was read and passed to
the second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the petition of R. D. Sewall, as ex- i
ecutorof R. Sewall, deceased, submitted a report,
accompanied by a bill for the -relief the heirs and
representatives of the late Robert Sewall; which
was read and passed to the second reading.
Mr. STOCK.TON, from the Committee on Na-
val AtFairs, to which was referred the memorial of
Ursula E. Cobb, submitted a report, accompanied
by a bill for her relief; which was read and passed
to the second reading.
Mr. MASON, from the Committee on Foreign
Relations, to which was referred the message of
the President of the United Slates of the 18th
instant, reported a joint resolution extending the
time of the commission under the convention with
Brazil; which was read and passed to the second
reading.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. FELCH, agreeably to previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill grant-
ing the right of way and making a grant of land
to the State of Michigan, in trust for the Ziluakie,
Grand Traverse and Mackinaw Plank Road Com-
pany, in aid of the construction of a plank road
from Ziluakie, on the Saginaw river, to Grand (
Traverse Bay, thence to the Straits of Mackinaw; j
which was read a first and second time by its title, 1
and referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. BRIGHT, agreeably to previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill to
amend an act entitled " An act to create additional
collection districts in'the Territory of Oregon, and
for other purposes;" which was read a first and
second rime by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Territories.
CONTRACTS FOR DRY DOCKS, ETC.
Mr. BRODHEAD submitted the following res-
olution for consideration;
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be directed to
comniimk'ate to the Senate copies of the eontiaets under
which the dry dock*, basins, and railways have been built
01 aie building at Kittery, Philadelphia, and Pcnsacola.
Also, a copy ol the contract for the con^truelicm of the diy
dock, without the b.wn and railway, at >San Fianci^co, and
a copy of the udvri tf-emrnt inviting proposals for <.aid work.
Also, copies of all bids or propo>als to eoiu-truet s-aid dry
dock*, basins, and railways. Also, to littbim tiie Senate
whether a board ol officers has been appointed to select a
site tor a navv-yard ot depot, or to locate the said dock, in
Cahicunia; arid if >aid board lias nude a report, to communi-
cate a copy thereof. ^
MILEAGE OF THE DELEGATE FROM OREGON^
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will put on i|s
passage a bill from the House of Representatives,
entitled "An act to regulate the mileage of the
Delegate from the Territory of Oregon."
The bill was lead a first time by its title and
ordered to a second reading. It was also read a
second time with a view to reference.
H Mr. GWIN. I move to refer the bill to the
Committee on Territories.
Mr. BADGER. This is a bill which concerns
the mileage of one of the members of the House of
Representatives.
Mr. GWIN. It is the Delegate from the I er-
ritory of Oregon.
Mr. BADGER. Yes, sir; and the object is to
take Ins case out of the operation of the proviso
tacked to a former appropriation bill and let it
stand on the general law. Now I wish to suggest
whether it is worth while to have this bill referred.
In this ease we need not exercise any revision
over the proceedings of the House.
Mr. BRIGHT. I hope not. I hope this bill
will not be referred, but that it will be taken up
and acted upon immediately. There is no neces-
sity for a reference.
Mr. GWIN. I withdraw my motion.
Mr. CHASE. Mr. President, I hope that bill
will be referred. It introduces an important prin-
ciple, and I have no doubt it will lie discussed
when it comes up. I renew the motion that it be
referred to the Committee on Territories.
Mr. BRIGHT. 1 take issue with the Senator
from Ohio. It does not introduce a new princi-
ple.
Mr. BADGER. Not at all.
Mr. BRIGHT. The object of this bill is to
place the Delegate from the Oregon Territory ex-
actly in the same position with every Senator and
Representative and Delegate from the States and
Territories of this Union. By a special enactment
in the civil and diplomatic appropriation bill, at
the close of the Congress before last, the Dele-
gate from the Territory of Oregon was allowed
but $2,500 mileage; while if his travel had been
computed upon the principle by which the mileage
of Senators and Representatives and other Dele-
gates was calculated, it would have been $3,452.
The limitation contained ill the bill to "which I
have referred has expiied,and this bill is designed
to place the Delegate in the same position with all
other Senators, llepresentatives, and Delegates.
Mr. BADGER. Certainly, to put him on a
footing with all others.
Mr. BRIGHT. I hope this bill will not be re-
ferred, but that it will be acted upon immediately.
Mr. CHASE. 1 am still of the opinion that
this bill ought to be referred, and that it ought to
be considered before it is acted upon. It is not
exactly in older to discuss the merits of the prop-
osition now but inasmuch as the Senator from
Indiana has stated that the object of this bill is
simply to place the Delegate from Oregon in the
very same position which is occupied by Senators
and Representatives from the west of the Rocky
Mountains, I think it is due to myself, and due to
the Senate, to say that I believe the Senator from
Indiana is mistaken.
If I recollect right, at the conclusion of the ses-
sion uf 1850, a proviso was added to the appro-
priation bill, or rather to a bill for supplying de-
ficiencies in appropriations, which restricted the
mileage of the Senators and Representatives from
California and the Delegate from Oregon to the
land route. That proviso was construed as a
temporary provision in the House, and the Rep-
resentatives from California in the House were
considered by the Committee on Mileage, and
without the action of the House, as I believe, en-
titled to receive full mileage for the route by the
Isthmus, without the limits of the United States.
The honorable Senator from California presented
that subject to the consideration of the Senate at
the last session, and it was then referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary, which committee re-
ported that the provision in that bill was a perma-
nent and not a temporary provision. He there-
fore received his mileage by the overland route,
while his colleagues in the House of Representa-
tives received their mileage by the Isthmus route.
This bill now proposes to repeal the clause of the
act organizing the Territory of Oregon, which re-
stricts the Delegate from that Territory to >-52.500
mileage; and it'will make two rules of compensa-
tion ill mileage to the Senators and Representa-
tives from the territory west of the Rocky M oun-
tains one rule for the Representatives and the
Delegate in the other House, and another rule tor
the Senator in tins body.
I merely say this in order to show that this is a
question which it seems to me to dtserve some
consideration; and while I am for a liberal provis-
ion, I am for something like equality in this mat-
ter of mileage.
Mr. BRIGHT. I should like to hear the bill
read.
The Secretary read the bill accordingly. It pro-
vides that so miu h of the act entitled " An act to
establish the territorial government of Oregon,"
approved August 18th, iS48, as limits the mileage
compensation of the Delegate from the said Ter-
ritory, be repealed. « m
Mr. BRIGHT. The law organizing the 1 er-
ritory of Oregon limited the mileage of the Dele-
