1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2871
table, and the question be on adopting the resolu-
tion reported by the committee.
The joint resolution was then ordered to lie on
the table, and the resolution reported by the com-
mittee was adopted.
BANKING IN THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr. PISH, by unanimous consent, asked and
obtained leave to introduce a bill to authorize the
business of banking in the District of Columbia,
and to regulate the issuing and circulation of notes
as money; which was read and passed to the sec-
ond reading.
On motion by Mr. FISH, the bill was ordered
to be printed.
CAPTAIN STANSBURY'S REPORT.
Mr. BRODHEAD submitted the following res-
olution for consideration; which was agreed to;
Resolveii, That, instead of the distribution of Captain
Starislmry's report, heretofore ordered by the Senate, there
be furnished to the Topographical Bureau three hundied
copies ; to the Smithsonian Institution one. hundred copies;
and to Captain Stansbury two hundred copies.
BILL AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS PASSED.
The following engrossed bill and joint resolu-
tions were severally read a third time, and passed:
An act to establish certain post routes;
Joint resolution authorizing the settlement of
the accounts of James Pool; and a
Resolution for bringing to this country the re-
mains of William T. Barry, late Minister to Spam
from the United States.
OCEAN MAIL TRANSPORTATION.
The bill from the House of Representatives
making appropriations for the transportation of
the United States mail by ocean steamers during
the fiscal year ending the 30th June, 1853, was
read a first and second time by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives
was received by Mr. Hayes, its Chief Clerk, an-
nouncing that it had passed the following bills
from the Senate:
An act to provide for a tri-monthly mail from
New Orleans to Vera Cruz, via Tampico and
back, in steam vessels;
An act for the relief of the Wilmington and
Manchester Railroad Company.
Also, that it had passed a bill making appropri-
ations for light-houses, light-boats, buoys, &c.,
and providing for the erection and establishment
of the same, and for other purposes; which was
read a first and second time by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
MARGARET L. WORTH.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives to the bill
for the relief of Margaret L. Worth.
Theamendmentof the House is to strike outall
after the enacting clause, and insert the following:
(< That the Secretary of the Interior he and he is hereby
directed to place the name ol' Mrs. Margaret L. Worth,
widow of the late General Worth, upon the pension roll, at
the rate of thirty dollats per month, to commence on the 7 th
day of May, 1849, and to continue for five years • Provided,
That in ease of the death or marriage of said Margaiet I..
Woith before the expiration of said five years, the pension
for the remainder of the time shall be paid to the children of
the said GeneiaJ Worth, if there be any under the age of
sixteen years., and if there be no children under the age of
sixteen, the said pension shall cease."
Mr. BORLAND. I would be glad to have a
vote upon that, if it could be done at this time. I
1 hope that we will refuse to concurin the amend-
ment of the House. The bill, in the form in
which it passed the Senate, passed here twice
almost unanimously. The last time there were
five votes against it.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the Senate will con-
sent to lay it over until to-morrow. Senators can
then have time to examine it.
Mr. SHIELDS. I am informed that the bill
will be lost, if it is sent back to the House. Al-
though the pension is not so much as it ought to
be, if we send it back it will be lost. It is better
to have half a loaf than no bread. I would sug-
gest, therefore, that we agree to the amendment,
and hereafter we can endeavor to make it better.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I think that my friend
from Illinois is mistaken. I think the bill will
pass in the House, if we disagree with the amend-
ment. After that amendment was passed by the
House, it was agreed by those who had opposed I
it to reconsider the vote. But it was too late, and
they regretted it. I believe they will pass the bill
to give her §50 a month, if we send it back.
Mr. HUNTER. I want to proceed to the con-
sideration of the civil and diplomatic bill. I there-
fore move to lay this bill on the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
The Senate then refused to concur in the amend-
ment of the House.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
Mr. HUNTER. I move to take up the civil
and diplomatic bill.
Mr. BUTLER. I desire to ask a question.
When can 1 submit a motion to go info Executive
session with a probability that it will be agreed
to? I do not wish to interfere with this bill, but
it is really necessary that I should do justice to
the President, and to certain nominations that have
to be acted on.
Mr. HUNTER. It is important that we should
get through with the civil and diplomatic bill to-
day. If we get through with it early enough, we
can go into Executive session afterwards. If not,
we can do it to-morrow. I presume that will be
time enough.
Mr. BUTLER. Let it be so understood then.
Mr. WELLER. I desire to know what effect
this motion will have upon the Florida contested-
election case, which was made the special order
for one o'clock to-day? That matter ought to
have been settled, in my judgment, long since. It
was a rery great impropriety in the Senate to have
suffered it to remain so long undecided. I shall be
compelled to vote against taking up the civil and
diplomatic bill, if it interferes with that, because 1
hold that it is the duty of the Senateatthis session
to decide the case.
Mr. MALLORY. I do not wish to say a sin-
gle word upon the subject, and certainly did not
expect to do so; but I appeal to my friend from
Virginia to abstain from his motion, if the dis-
cussion upon the bill is to continue after the hour
of one o'clock, when I hope the election case will
be taken up and decided. Nine months have
elapsed since the case came before the Senate.
Throughout every moment of these nine months,
I have been anxious for a decision of the matter.
Every Senator knows that as long as it remains
suspended, the usefulness of one of the Repre-
sentatives on this floor for Florida must be im-
paired; and if not justice to myself, justice to the
State of Florida, which I represent, demands that
the question should be settled. The select com-
mittee which was appointed from this body upon
the contested election have unanimously reported,
and I apprehend that not five minutes will be
taken up in the discussion of it.
Mr. BRODHEAD. It is due to the contestant
also to say, that he has also been here the whole
time waiting very anxiously.
Mr. BRIGHT. It was on my motion that this
case was made the special order for to-day at one
o'clock, and I have no doubt that we can at that
hour proceed to its consideration, even if we should
take up the civil and diplomatic bill now. If we
take up that bill now I hope there will be no
objection to taking up the resolution reported
from the committee on the election case at one
o'clock, and to dispose of it to-day if possible. I
hope, therefore, the Senator from California will
waive his objection to taking up the civil and dip-
lomatic bill now.
Mr. BADGER. I wish to say, that if the res-
olution reported by the select committee is to come
up to-day, I must ask the Seriate to allow me to
call up the resolution to allow the contestant in
the election case, offered by my friend from Florida,
[Mr. Morton,] and laid upon the table at my in-
stance, as I did not then understand that this day
had been appointed for the consideration of the
subject, in order that the sense of the Senate may
be expressed upon it.
Mr. Hunter's motion was agreed to, and the
Senate proceeded, as in Committee of the Whole,
to consider the bill making appropriations for the
civil and diplomatic expenses of the Government
for the fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1853.
Mr. RUSK. Last evening, under the direction
of the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads, I offered an amendment to the bill providing
for an additional Assistant Postmaster General.
The Senator from Indiana desires to offer an
amendment on the subject.
Mr. BRIGHT, I move to add the following
at the end of the bill:
Sec. —. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the Assistant
Postmaster Generals shall heieaiter be appointed by the
President, by and with the advice and consent of the Sen-
ate, and shall receive, each, a salaiy of $3,000 per annum.
The amendment was agreed to.
The following amendment of the Committee on
Finance, which was passed over informally, next
came up for consideration. To insert in the bill:
" To enable the President of the United States to make
compensation to the Spam.-di Consul, and other subjects of
Spam, residing at New Orleans, and subjects of Spain at
Key West, for lo«-es sustained hy violence m the year
1851, arising from intelligence then lecently received at
those places of the execution of certain persons at Havana
who had reccmlv invaded the Island of Cuba, $'2o,000:
Provided, That beloie the payments are made under this
appropriation, the Pietodentof the United States shall cause
an investigation to he made of such alleged losses, and that
the sum, together with the reasonable co*t> of the investi-
gation, shall be paid on the certificate of the Secretary of
State that the same are pioven to the satisfaction of the
President."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee, which
had been passed over, was to insert the following:
" For finishing the grading, manuring, planting, finishing
the roads and walks, graveling, and laying gutters along the
niaigin of the same, and repamug the fence of the Smith-
sonian Square, <£13,200."
Mr. HUNTER. I move to amend theamend-
ment, by striking out "£13,200," and inserting
"&1GJ60."
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to, and the amendment as amended was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
insert the following:
" For defraying the expenses incurred m the improvement,
and for embellishing the tnan<_'ular space on the north side
of Pennsylvania avemie, between Thirteenth and Four-
teenth sheets, St.), 150."
Mr. HUNTER. I move to amend that by
striking out "$5,150,"and inserting " $5,805," to
make it correspond with the estimate.
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
strike out of the bill the following words—
9. Jlnd he it further cnuited, That no person
hereafter, who hohV or -.hall hold any office under tho Gov-
ernment of th" United Urates, whose salary or annual com-
pensation shall amount to the sum of A2,500, shall leceive
compensation for dischaiguig Uie duties of any oilier of-
fice"—
and infljrt in lieu thereof—
"Sec 0 \ind he xl farther enacted. That where the min-
isterial officei* of the United States have or shall incui ex-
traordinary expense in executing the laws thereof, the pay-
ment of winch is not specifically provided for, the Pre>ident
of the United States is authorized to allow the payment
theieof, undei the special taxation of the district oi ciicuit
court oi the district in whu-h the said services have been or
shall be rundeied—to be paid ftom the appropriation f'oi de-
fraying the expenses of the judiciaiy."
Mr. SUMNER. 1 move to amend the amend-
ment, by adding to it the following:
Piovided, That no such allowance shall be authorized
for expenses inclined in executing the act of September 18,
16.30, foi the Miriender ol fugitives from service or labor,
which said act is hereby repealed.
Mr. SUMNER addressed the Senate in support
of his amendment for three hours and three-quar-
ters, and a debate ensued thereon, in which Messrs.
Clemens, Badger, Dodge of Iowa, Hale, Doug-
las, Weli.er, Chase,Rusk,Toucey, Bralbcry,
Hunter, J ames, Bright, Cooper, Butler, Brod-
iikad, Pratt, Mason, and Cass took part, and
which will be found in the Appendix.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected
by the following vote:
VRAS—Me-^rs. <Jha«e, Hale, Sumner, and Wade—4.
ItfAViS—Messrs. Adams, Badjrei, Bavard, Hell, Holland,
Bradbury, Bright, Biodhead, Biooke, Butler, Ca-^, Charl-
ton, Clarke, Clemen*, Cooper, Dawson, Tie Sau^ure,
Dodae of Iowa. Douglas, Feleh, Fish, Ge\ er, Owin. Ham-
lin, Houston, Iluntei, James. Jones of Iowa, King, Mailoiv,
Mangum, Mason, Meriwether, MiUer, Motion. Peaice,
Piatt', Ru*I<, Shields, rimith, rtoul£, Spiuaiict', Toucey,
Underwood, Upham, Walker,and Weller —*7.
The amendment of the committee was then
adopted.
Mr. HUNTER. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Finance to offer the following amend-
ment as an additional section:
"Sec. — Jlnd be it further enacted, That the provis-
ions contained in the fourth section of tiie act entitled ( An
at t to supply defirienexe* in the appiopnauons for the
«pi vice of the fi^eal } ear ending the 30th of June, 1859,1 be
and the same are hereby repealed."
