1508
the congressional globe.
May 28,
gity. They are the poorest lands m the State of
Indiana", and cannot be sold for $1 2.) an acre
Nobody can be interested m the matter except the
State of Indiana, and she is not interested m tnem
in her corporate capacity, because she has granted
these lands for educational purposes. The object
of the present bill is to enable the State to authorize
the sale of these lands, that the proceeds t.iereof
mar be applied to educational purposes, fur which
they were intended. They have been lying idle,
some of them, for twenty years. _ -
Some gentlemen seem to supposetuat they com-
prise the reserved section for school purposes. It
isnot so. They are lands which were first reserved,
because they were supposed to contain saline
springs.
Mr. FOWLER. Was there & full section re-
served where a spring was found ?
Mr. DTJNI-IAM. Sometimes only a quarter
section; just as the sections were supposed to con-
tain salt springs. .
Mr. HALL. I desire to call the attention ot
the House to the provisions of the original law,
by which these saline lands were granted to the
- State of Indiana. I will ask the Clerk to read the
third paragraph of the second section.
The section was then read, as follows:
"That all salt springs within tlie said temtoiy, and tlie
lands reserved tor the use ot' the same, tosethci with such
other lands as may, by the President ot the Umtod States, be
deemed necessary and proper tor working the saiil salt
for the use of the people  .
under such terms, conditions., and restrictions, as the Legii- ,
lature of said State shall direct, provided the said Loj;i«la-
tare shall never sell or Jeasc the same foi a longoi period -
than ten years„at any one tiuu1."
Mr. HALL. I will state, now, that all this <
bill proposes is this: that the State of Indiana shall ;
have the liberty to sell those lands in fee. it is j
precisely the same thing we did for the State of j
Iowa two or three weeks ago. !
Mr. DUNHAM. It does not seem to be under-
stood by some gentlemen that the General Gov-
ernment has no interest whatever in the lands. It is
a matter which concerns the State of Indiana alone,
as the General Government has long since released
the lands. These lands we may lease from time
to time, and we can sell them; but many of them
are the poorest lands in the State of Indiana, and
cannot be sold for anything like $1 25 per acre.
Mr. CLEVELAND. The gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. Hall] does not seem to understand
the bill reported this morning, or I do not under-
stand it. It is unlike the bill from Iowa. It pro-
vides that the State may sell them at her own price.
That is the object of i.his bill. Certainly no one
will object to the other part of it; but what is it ?
Mr. DUNHAM. I wish to make another sug-
gestion. The gentleman's remark calls to my
mind what 1 wish to suggest. The General Gov-
ernment can have no interest in keeping up the
price of these lands, because they have no lands
m their vicinity. The only object of putting in
that restriction, in the first place, was to prevent us
from underselling the lands of the General Gov-
ernment, and they have no lands which can be
undersold now.
Mr. WALSH. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a question ? The Government appears
to have reserved these lands nil account of sortie
salt springs. What lias become of those springs >;,
Mr. DUNHAM. 1 can explain tin reason. It
was ascertained that there were no salt springs noon
these lands, and then the General Government re-
leased them to the State of indirna. When the i,
surveys were -first made, the sin veyors found that
they were saline lands, which might, possibly, as
the settlements developed them, prove to be valu-
able; but as the settlements gathered around them
it was found that there was not salt enough to be
of any use whatever; and the lands being worth-
less, the General Government released them to the
State. There is no salt manufactured upon any
of them, or in the State of Indiana. But, suppose
there were, the United States Government could
have no interest in these lands, because the title
has been released tn the State, and it is a matter
which concerns the State alone.
Mr. CLEVELAND. If these facts, which
are now stated by the gentleman, had been re-
ported by the committee, and that report read to
the House, it would have satisfied me. If the
lands are in such a condition that they cannot be
sold for the prices at which Government lands are
tioned Congress for many jrears for a grant ot
land to aid in the construction of both of these
roads, and the Senate of the United States have
three several times passed a bill proposing grants
of land to aid in the construction of these roads.
Mr. CLEVELAND. Does this amendment
provide for an additional road beyond what the
bill of the Senate provides?
Mr. HALL. It does.
Mr. CLEVELAND. I want to know whether
you have added on another road, and if so, the
extent of that road ?
Mr. HALL. I am going to speak about that.
The Committee on Public Lands have, however,
proposed to amend the Senate bill so as to provide
for the construction of a railroad from the town of
Burlington, in the State of Iowa, and also to the
Missouri river, and to continue the road from
Burlington to the Missouri river, east to the town
of Lafayette, in the State of Indiana. The amount
of lands granted by the amendment of the Com-
mittee is about 900,000 acres, to wit: about 800,000
for the purpose of constructing the road from Bur-
lino-ton to the Missouri river, and somewhere b -
tween 50,000 or 100,000 acres to aid in the con-
struction of the road from Burlington eastward to
the city of Lafayette, m Indiana.
Mr. CLEVELAND. I will ask the gentle-
man if we have not referred a bill for this last road,
provided for in your amendment, to the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of ihe Union?
Mr. HALL. 1 do not know that we have
referred a bill for the same road to the committee.
Mr. CLEVELAND. Substantially the same.
Mr. HALL. I know one thilig, however, that
we have referred a bill similar to the Senate bill to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and I do not want this bill to go there too.
I know that, and I cannot yield any more. Mr.
Speaker, yesterday this House, by its vote, ln-
i dmsed a principle granting these alternate sections
1 of land. This House granted lands to the State of
j Missouri, so far as its' action is concerned, to aid
in the construction oi two roads in that State.
Now,sir, a sister State similarly situated, asks you
  ... to make a similar grant of two roads of equal im-
the construction theiroffiom the public landsofthe '• nited | p0rtance to her and to the nation at large, ihe
iWsiuijiiccnt^aJ"."1'.'tTl'oh question submitted for the consideration of this
House is, whether, having yesterday declared tnat
they would give land to one of the Southern
States of this Union, they will to-day refuse to
' sold, and there are no Government lands m the
i vicinity of these lands which Will be injuriously
j affecteil by the passage of this bill, then 1 have no
I objection to its passage. This very discussion will
satisfy the House of the importance of this com-
. mittee, and other committees, when they submit to
: the consideration of the House an important act,
. presenting along with it a report giving the rea-
i sons for the conclusion to which they ask the
i House to come. If these facts are stated correctly
! —and I doubt not that they are—I shall have.no
objection to the bill, and will withdraw my mo-
tion; but I am opposed to this mode of getting
these bills through the House. It is wrong, and
the committees ought to furnish us reports.
Mr. LOCKHART. The lands which ihe pro-
vision's of this bill affect are principally, if not all,
in the district which I represent. I am, tnerefoie,
well acquainted with their situation, and can con-
cur fully m the statement made by my colleague,
[Mr. Dunham.] I hope, therefore, that the hon-
orable member from Connecticut [Mr. Cleve-
land] will withdraw his opposition to the bill, and
let it pass. . . ,
Mr. CLEVELAND. I am satisfied with that
! explanation, and I will withdraw my motion.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
; read a third time; and being engrossed, was read
: the third time and passed.
IOWA RAILROAD BILL.
| Mr. HALL. The Committee on Public Lands
I have instructed me to report back, with sundry
i amendments, Senate bill No. 1, entitled 4t An act
! ' granting the right of way and making a grant of
' lands to the State of Iowa, to aid in the construc-
' ' tion of certain railroads in said State."
The original bill was read through. The fol-
lowing are"the first and fifth sections' thereof, viz:
Ski-. 1. Jltol he it enacted, i.t., That the liolit of way
throu"h the public lands be, and the same 11 hereby, ura'itod
III the"State of !ownI'or the construction of railroad-i from
ihe I'ltv Ot Dubuque, to Keokuck. ami from Daveiipoir, on
the Miisi.-tippi liver,in said State, to such point on the Mn-
SOUUUVC1 as Iitnv he de.-iirtKUed on the nuthorit\ of s.-i.ii
ritate vvtnr h authority shall al-o fix and delci mine the 1 njllti
of each of said railroads; anil ihall have the right, also, to
take necessary materials of earth, stone
, timber. &<•., for
tlierailroadn a*ore<aid, and alanine the limit* to the ease-
ment. no more land shall he Taken from the l/nited States
than is necessary for a convenient construction
Sfc. 5 JlndheitjuitkerenactciU That it the said rail-
roads shall not be completed within ten years, the said State
of Iowa shall be bound to pay to the United States the
amount which may be received upon the sale of any part ot
said land-* by said State, the title to the purchasers under
smd Btate remaining valid; and the title to the residue of
said hind? sh.ill reinvest in the United State*, to have and
hold th<- --ame in the same manner as if tins act had not
been passed.
The following amendments are proposed by the
; Committee on Public Lands to Senate bill No. 1.
i In the 7th and 8th hues of the first section, stiike out the 1
words "on the Mississippi rivet, m said State, to sudi 1
' point on,'' and m«ert the words " ;md Hinlineton to.*' !
^fuke out the fifth section of said bill, and m^eit the |
following: 1
Sec. 0. ./to dbeitfmthn enacted That the land-hereby j
1 cjiant^d to said State shall he disposed oi by said Slate .only^
in in.inner following, that is to say: that a quantity ot
1 land not etceeduiii one hundred nnd t\\ ent\^eetiuns for
I each ot -=aul roads, and included within a continuous length
of "twenty miles of said loads, may be sold ; and when the
Governor of aaid State shall certify to the Secretary oi the
Inteuor thai said twenty continuous mi!c-  of other of  aid
roads are completed, then another like quantity of land
hereby "ranted mav ho sold ; and ?o from time to time, until
sani roads are completed; and it said roads are not com-
pleted within ten jears, no fin ther ■sale* shall be made, and
the land unsold shall reveit to the United States
Add the fidlowmg section :
£?ii',.7. jivtl (<c itJvither enactcr1. That in order to aid
m the continuation of said road from Rnrhnston to Lafay-
ette, Indiana, via lYoim, in the State of Illinois, on the
most direct and practicable route, all the right--, privil«p:es,
and liabilities* hereinbefore conferied on the State of Iowa,
shall be granted m the Stales of Tllinois and Indiana, foi
the purpose of aiding in the construction of a tail road Mom
Burlington to J,atayette. on the Wabrwi ri\er . and that
public Hnd to the same extent, m propoition to the lensth
of the road, on the. same terinx, limitations, and restrictions
in every respect, shall he and h hereby granted to said States
of Illinois and Indiana respectively.
Mr. HALL, That bill is similar in its terms
and provisions to the bill which passed ths.s House
yesterday granting lands to Missouri. The Sen-
ate bill provides for the construction of two roads
give land to a Northern State of the Union? I
trust we shall manifest none of that partiality, but
show the willingness of this Congress to treat all
sections alike, and to do equal and exact justice
to all. One road in this bill it is said runs parallel
to the Mississippi river. Now, sir, I have not
time to discuss that matter much, but I will
merely state that I was surprised at the objection
made by a Representative of the State of Illinois.
Last Congress we made a grant of land for a road
running from that State to the Gulf of Mexico,
some twelve or fifteen hundred miles Ions:, parallel
to the Mississippi river, from one end to the other.
That road I believe branches off and runs into the
gentleman Js own district. The Illinois roadteirai-
nates at Galena.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I beg the gentleman's par-
don. The road terminates opposite Dubuque, and
not at Galena.
I Mr. HALL. Now, sir, as 1 understand it, the
Mississippi river is navigable at. almost all times
' from Dubuque to its mouth, whereas at Dubuque
i above it is interrupted many mouths of the year by
! ice, and at all timesmore or less by the rapids. Is it
richt ihtft you should make a grant of land to aid
1 in the construction of roads parallel to the Missis-
: sippi where the river is navigable, and refuse to
; make a road along the Mississippi river where the
J navigation is difficult?
■ Mr. FULLER. I want to inquire how many
acres of land the Senate bill disposes of, aside from
' the amendment reported by the committee?
Mv. HALL. According to the best informa-
ji tion I have, the Senate bill disposes of 1,800,000
,! seres.
i; Mr. FULLER. And this bill, if I understand
! i the gentleman correctly,disposes ofabout3,000,000
in the State of Iowa, one from Davenport, on the acres.
Mississippi river, west of the Mississippi river, Mr. HALL. About 2,600,000.
in the State of Iowa, and the otherfrom Dubuque, ;l Mr. hUL,LLR. One more question. The
upon the Mississippi river, to Keokuck. Both of i: gentleman has spoken of the House establishing
these roads are roads in which the people of Iowa j! a principle oy Us vote yesterday m reference to a
have manifested deep interest. They have peti-b Southern State, anu Uat a similai question is to
