596
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 19,
ff-ate from that Territory to $2,500. If there had
Seen no clause in that b'iil restricting his mileage,
he would ciearly have been entitled to be paid ac-
cording to the computation of the distance as the
Senators and Representatives of the States and
Territories generally. I regarded that limitation,
as I think every Senator here must regard it, as
anjust. At the last Congress an amendment was
appended to the civil and diplomatic bill, giving to
the then Delegate from the Territory of Oregon
$3 ,452, which, as I stated before, was the amount
of mileage he would be entitled to if computed ac-
cording to the distance traveled. The object of this
bill is to give the present Delegate from that Ter-
ritory the same rate of mileage—nothing more.
Hence I say that 1 think there is no necessity
whatever for referring it. If Senators are willing
to award justice to the Delegate from Ofregon; if
they are willing to measure out to him the same
rate of compensation that they measure out to them-
selves, they can do it immediately. If they desire to
single him out, and say that his travel is worth less
than that of Senators and Representatives of Cal-
ifornia and other States and Territories, they have
a right to do so; but I must say that, in my opin-
ion, it would be very unjust and oppressive towards
him. For that reason I oppose the reference of
the bill.
Mr. BADGER. When I threw out the sug-
gestion that I thought there was no necessity for a
reference of this bill, I did not do it because I
meant to intimate any opinion whether the House
of Representatives ought or ought not to pass a
btil for the purpose of repealing that restriction,
it was sufficient for me that it concerned a Dele-
gate in that body, and that the object of the bill
was to put that Delegate on a footing with other
Delegates and members of that House. I there-
lore thought it would not be exactly gracious
to discover any disposition to revise what the
House has done. I am satisfied that were the case
reversed, we would not think that the House was
treating us properly if it were to hesitate in adopt-
ing a bill we had passed for a like purpose. But
the Senator from Ohio has called attention to
another matter. If I understood his views on
that subject—if his object is to amend this bill so ;
as to produce an equality between the Senators ;
and Representatives, 1 think it would be well, j
whether this bill is referred or not, to allow it to j
He on the table until an amendment can be pre- I
pared. He has stated the action there was on the j
appropriation bill, and the terms of the clause
which applied as well to Senators as to members of
the House of Representatives from the State of
California in respect to mileage. IntheHousethat
was interpreted as being a temporary provision.
The regulation in the Senate was interpreted as
being permanent; the consequence of which has
been, that the Senator from California receives less
compensation for mileage than the members of the
House from California. Now that cannot be
right; and if the Senator from Ohio proposes to
move an amendment which shall declare the law,
either the one way or the other, so as to give it the
sanction of Congress, and to apply it to the mem-
bers of both Houses, then either a reference or a
postponement of the bill, in order to allow him to
propose his amendment, would be proper; but
otherwise it seems to me we ought to pass the bill
at once.
Mr. CHASE. I did not propose to introduce
any amendment to the bill; but I did think that
either the Committee on Territories or the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, having this bill under con-
sideration, might introduce some provisions which
would equalize the mileage, either in the way sug-
gested by the Senator from North Carolina, or in
some other mode. For myself, I am very willing
to say that I have always considered that restric-
tion upon the mileage both of the Senators and
Representatives from California, contained in the
deficiency bill of 1850, as in the nature of a tem- :
porary provision, and applicable only to the mile-
age for that year. That has been my opinion on i
the question as one of law merely. It was, how-
ever, submitted to theJudiciarv Committee, who i
decided otherwise, and the Senate acquiesced in '
its decision.
Mr. BRIGHT. I respectfully submit to the :
Senate, whether it is proper, whether it is just
towards the Delegate from Oregon, to embarrass
this measure with so embarrassing a question as
the mileage of members generally ? The Delegate
from Qregon is the only member of either
House who has not the right to go to the proper
officer and demand mileage for the distance he has
traveled. This restriction is imposed upon him
by previous enactment, and it requires some legis-
lation to give him that amount of money to which
all admit he "is entitled. I hope the Senate will
not embarrass the bill by any other question.
The motion to refer was not agreed to; and
the bill was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. -
Mr. MANGUM. My attention has not been
called to this bill, nor to the principles involved in
it. 1 have usually been on the liberal side of ques-
tions of this sort, but I would ask that it may be
allowed to lie on the table for the present, that we
may have an opportunity to look into the measure,
and of considering the principles which are in-
volved in it. I do not mean; by any motion of
that sort, to indicate anything like opposition to it.
1 do not know what it is, and therefore I move
that it do lie upon the table for the present.
The motion was not agreed to, the vote, on a
division, being 15 in the affirmative and 16 in
the negative. There was, however, no quorum
voting.
The Senate having been counted, 33 Senators
were found to be present,
Mr. MANGUM, My simple object is to gam a
little time to look into it. My motion is made with
no hostile purpose towards the measure itself. I
have no desire to oppose it.
Mr. BRIGHT. 1 ask the Senator from North
Carolina, if he was m his place at the time the bill
was read ? The object of my inquiry is to ascer-
tain whether he heard the statement of the facts of
the case. If he had, 1 am sure he would allow
this bill to pass.
Mr. SEWARD. If the Senator from North
Carolina will withdraw his motion lor a few min-
utes 1 will renew it.
Mr. MANGUM. J withdraw it.
Mr. SEWARD. I wish to say, that I have no
opinion made wp against this bill. I am not pre-
pared to vote either for or against it. 1 want time
to think of it, and that I suppose is the object of
all the Senators who desire that the bill shall be
laid upon the table. Their objcct is not to defeat
the bill, but to have an opportunity of considering
the question which it presents. I mean no more,
when I make the motion to lay the bill on the ta-
ble for the present,
Mr. BRIGHT. X hope the honorable Senator
will withdraw the motion for a moment.
Mr. SEWARD. Certainly.
Mr. BRIGHT. I would-dislike very much to
press this bill against the sense of the Senate, but
1 am quite sure that every Senator present, who
understands the question, is prepared to vote upon
it. It is a very plain question, and is within a
\eiy small compass. Any Senator who will take
time to refer to the 16th section of the law oigati-
lzing the Territory of Oregon, will «ee thai the
j Delegate from that Territory is restricted to £2,500
i as mileage. The first Delegate elected from that
| Territory was allowed, under an amendment to
i the civil and diplomatic bill, $3,452. Why was
| he allowed that amount ? Because the distance he
j traveled would, under the general law, entitle him
j to that amount. I know there is not a Senator on
! this floor who wiil refuse to allow the Delegate
| from Oregon to receive the same amount which
was given to his predecessor. That in all he asks,
. and all admit that he is entitled to it. If he be
; paid, as Senators and Representatives are paid,
, according to the distance traveled, lie would he
1 entitled to receive $3,452. I>u% I repeat, he is
1 the only member of either House who is not en-
titled to go to the proper officer and draw mileage
according to the distance he has traveled. That is
' on account of the fact, that a law is in force which
j prohibits him from doing so. The object of this
| bill is to repeal so much of the law as limits his
j mileage to $2,500,and proposes togivehimS3,452.
Mr. NORRIS. I should like to know by what
law he would be limited to $3,425?
Mr. BRIGHT. By the general law which pro-
\ vides that the members shall receive their mileage
| according to the usual traveled route from their
, place of residence to the capital of the United
| States.
i Mr. NORRfS. That is across the Isthmus.
I Mr. BRIGHT.. If he travels across the Isth-
j mus he ought to be paid for it, but it is not. Xt is .
according to the overland route, and it has been so
decided in the other branch of Congress.
Mr. GWIN. The honorable Senator is mis-
taken. The fact is directly the reverse. The
House has decided that the members from Califor-
nia are entitled to be paid according to the Isthmus
route, and they have received mileage according
to that route. This bill proposes to put the Dele-
gate from Oregon on the same footing as members
of the House.
Mr. BRIGHT. As I said before, the object of
the bill is to pay the Delegate from Oregon as other
Delegates and member^ are paid. It is wholly
immaterial by what route he travels. I know he
would not charge by any other than the route rec-
ognized by law. I hope the honorable Senator
from North Carolina [Mr. Mawgum] will not sin- •
gle out this individual from all others, and apply a
rule m his case that is clearly unjust.
Mr. BADGER. I hope the Senator from In-
diana will permit the bill, without being referred,
to lie over until to-morrow. There is misappre-
hension about it, and I hope he will give Senators
an opportunity to examine it.
Mr. BRIGHT. I will not press the matter if
Senators desire to examine so important a ques-
tion.
Mr. MANGUM. In reference to the remarks
of the Senator from Indiana, I have to say that I
am not prepared at this time to make any invidi-
ous discrimination between this Delegate and any
member of the House. Not at all; but I really
think it is not according to the regular process of
legislation to force the determination of a question
about which even the friends of the measure differ
as to the amount to be paid, and the principle upon
which it is to be paid. I renew the motion to lay
the bill upon the table.
The motion was agreed to.
RAILROADS IU IOWA.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of the
bill granting the right of way and making a grant
of land to the State of Iowa, to aid in the construc-
tion of ceitain railroads in said State.
Mr. UNDERWQpD resumed and concluded
the speech which he commenced yesterday in op-
position to the bill and in favor of his amendment.
His speech wil! be found in the Appendix.
The PRESIDENT. The question is upon the
amendment of the Senator from Kentucky to the
amendment reported as a substitute by the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. One or two Senators
stated to me that they wanted to make some
amendments to my amendment, which would
make it more agreeable to them. They thought
it would be better to let the amendment proposed
by the committee be acted upon first, and then I
could renew my amendment, which would be sub-
ject to amendment. 1 will, therefore, withdraw
my amendment until the question is taken on the
substitute of the committee. When that is adopt-
ed, 1 shall renew my amendment.
Mr. DAWSON. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn; though, in the present state of my
health, I shall probably be unable to address the"
Senate on the subject, and I do not move the ad-
journment for that purpose; but there are a num-
ber of Senators who hove spoken to mc, and said
they presumed no vote would be taken to-day.
They are therefore absent, and hence I move that
the Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate
pdiounied.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, February JO, 1852.
Prayei by the Rev. Littleton* F. Morgan*.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER. The first business before the
House is House bill No. 104, being a bill granting:
the right of way and making a donation of public
lands to the State of Missouri, to aid in the con-
struction of certain railroads therein.
Mr. MACE. I rkse to a question of privilege.
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman state his
question?
Mr. MACE. I sent to the table on yesterday
two memorials and petitions, which I did not hear
read by the Clerk this morning.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would remark,
that such matters are journalized and printed, but
