•2372
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 26,
That section is rendered necebsary by a commu-
nication which I have just receivedfrom the First
Comptroller. In the deficiency bill the following
provision was made:
"Sac. 4. JSndbeit farther enacted, That no estimate or
appropriation ot money in any bill making appropriations
shall authorize the payment of any increased pay, allow-
ance, or compensation in any form whatever beyond the
amount prescribed by law in any case, unless theie shall
first be a specific direction for such extra payment, desig-
nating the officers to whom such e vtra payment shall be
made."
it appears that the operation of that provision
reaches much farther than was intended by the
mover of it originally. I am informed by the
First Comptroller that it cuts off salaries which
a great many clerks have been receiving for a long
time past. For instance, there is a chief clerk,
receiving a salary of $1,500 by law, but year after
year he has been given a larger salary by the ap-
propriation bills. The committee have had no time
to look into particular cases, and make them square
with this section of the deficiency bill, and there-
fore we propose to repeal it; and at the next ses-
sion of Congress we can look into the subject, and
make what provision may be necessary.
Mr. HALE. As the provision of the deficiency
bill which has been alluded to was introduced on
my motion, I wish to make a statement. When
I introduced it, I did. not suppose it would have
that extensive application which 1 understand the
Comptroller feels himself bound to give to it. It
was aimed at a case which the Senate will well re-
member, where an individual had received a salary
greater than was provided by law upon a con-
struction given to it by the Second Comptroller,
by virtue of which he paid the individual a salary
basing his right to receive it upon the estimates;
and inasmuch as the appropriation was as much
as the estimate, the Comptroller said that Congress
must be presumed to have meant to give him that
sum. It was that abuse which I wished to reach.
As the honorable chairman of the Committee on
Finance is in favor of carrying out the provision
as far as I intended it, and as it seems that the
Comptroller has given it a much wider application
than it was supposed to be capable of, I am per-
fectly willing, so far as I had any agency in intro-
ducing it, that it should now be repealed, hoping
that we may, by next session, devise some remedy
for the evil aimed at.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PEARCE. The Committee on Finance
have instructed me to oifei an antendineak'which
is the last one they intend to offer, to insRrt after
the provision providing for paying the annual rent
of the building known as Winder's Building, at
the corner of 17th and F streets, the following:
" Provided, That the renting of said building shall cea«e
as soon as the Hoeretavy of the Treasury can purchase for
the United State5?, and obtain a clear titleto the satri build-
ing, for a bum not exceeding $"20j;000 ; and for enabling him
to do so tiie sum of ,<$200,,''00 is hereby appropnated, to be
paid out of any moneys in the Treasury not otherwise ap-
propriated.7'
Mr. CLARKE, i have a very decided objec-
tion to the amendment winch has been offered by
my honorable friend from Maryland. It will be
recollected that some two year? since, in one of
the appropriation bills, there was a provision made
for hiring this building at a rent of about $21,000
a year. It was then said that it was necessary
in order to accommodate the public offices at that
time; but it was distinctly understood that, when-
ever Congress should indicate its intention to make
the necessary appropriation for building additional
wings to the Patent Office, this building would be
of no further use to the Government, and that con-
sequently, at the end of fiv*-' years, its rental would
cease.
The building called Winder's Building, in my
opinion, is not such a one as the Government of
tne United States should own. It is not one that
the Government of the United States should hold,
as a permanent building for its public offices. This
Government should have its own public offices,
built under its own direction, and devoted toils
own uses. You hold now the office of the Sec-
retary of the Interior in a building rented from an
individual, because Congress made 110 appropria-
tion for erecting a public building for that Depart-
ment of the Government. A portion of the offices—
a very large portion of those attached to that De-
partment, ere now in the building which it is pro-
posed that the Government of the United States
shall purchase. In the bill before the Senate there
is an appropiistmn of £150,000 to commence the
building of the west wing of the Patent Office.
Since I have been here, appropriations have re-
peatedly been made for building the east wing of
the Patent Office. Objections were made to if, on
the ground that it was not wanted for the purposes
of the Patent Office; but, on the other hand, it was
said that it would be wanted for some of the public
offices. I have urged that the western wing should
be put up, because it would be required for the
Department of the Interior. From my conversa-
tions at that time with the then Secretary of the
Interior, and from my conversations with the
present Secretary of the Interior, I know their de-
sire to be that these Patent Office wings should be
built, in order that all the various offices connected
with the Department of the Interior should be con-
centrated in one place.
Now, you have the Department of the Interior
proper, in one building. The Pension Office, and
some other portions of that Department, are, I
believe, in the building now proposed to be pur-
chased; and a portion of the Land Office is some-
where else. In this bill provision is made for erect-
ing the western wing of the Patent Office; yet we
are now asked to appropriate $200,000 for the
purchase of this building. The lease of the Gov-
ernment already extends for it three years longer;
and if, at the expiration of these three years, the
Government should want it, the lease could be re-
newed.
1 object to this purchase, also, because this build-
ing is not such a one as the Government of the
United States requires. It is built according to
somebody 5s taste, and whose,Heaven only knows;
but it is one of the last buildings that ever should
have been put up with the design that it should be
a public building. As to its efficiency and strength
I know nothing, i have never examined, it, but
report speaks unfavorably of it. There is around
it no public ground. It is an isolated building
from the public grounds. It has no connection
whatever with any of the public departments. If
the Government of the United States had no place
to erect buildings such as are suitable for our uses,
it might, perhaps, be necessary to purchase this
building; but while the Government has plenty of
ground, and is making appropriations from year
to year, for the purpose of erecting the wings of
the Patent Office, this is not neeessary.
Let me say to gentlemen here, that according to
the original plan of the Patent Office—which was, I
believe, adopted by General Jackson, or at least
designed under his special instructions—there were
to be not only two wings to the Patent Office, but
also a northern front, comparing with the present
southern front. Whenever these buildings shall
have been completed, and whenever a portion of
the deposits in the Patent Office which have been
brought by the Exploring Expedition shall have
been placed in the Smithsonian Institution, where
they are intended to be placed, there will be room
in the Patent Office for all the models of inven-
tions which are required to be deposited there,
and you will have plenty of space for all the vari-
ous* offices of the Department of the Interior
Why should this building be purchased ? Let
me tell you that it will not be more than three
years from this day, when the western wing of the
Patent Office is built, that you will abandon this
building, even if you purchase it at the price now
offered. You will abandon it as being a building
totally unworthy for the Government of the Uni-
ted States to own, possess, and occupy. I have
not examined the building as to ks strength and
efficiency, but I say it is built in such a style of
architecture, and is such a building as the United
States should not own. The Government has
only taken it as a matter of necessity, it being
tendered to it because it removed its archives there \
from their places of deposit, and placed them in 1
one position there as a sort of partial concentra- 1
tion of the various offices connected with those
archives. <
The present lease of this building, I believe, has i
three years to run. When it expires, you have j
nothing to do but to renew it, if, by that time, you |
should not have your own buildings constructed
with some regard to permanency and character, ,
to which you could remove your Departments, t
But I do not look upon this proposition as being |
the direct and proper method of legislation. A
proposition is made in the bill as it cornes from j
the House, to pay the rent of this building for i
j the ensuing year, and to that is appended an
: amendment to appropriate $200,000 for purchasing
it. What do we know about the cost of it, and
! its value? Do any of us know anything of the
. value of the land ? Do we know anything of the
' cost of the structure5 Do we know anything
- about its architectural proportions ? Do we know
; whether it is such a building as the Government
| of the United States should purchase as one of the
permanent public offices for the execution of any
: branch or portion of the executive duties? 'I
' think not. But if a proposition he made to pur-
; chase the building, I should like to see it come up
i directly, and that a committee be appointed to ex-
amine it. Let its locality, its construction, its
convenience, the method by which the public of-
fices are to be accommodated, be examined. Let
a committee see whether it is such a building as
j this Government should purchase. I think it is
: not. I think that when in this bill you are making
j an appropriation of $150,000 for continuing the
i western wing of the Patent Office, which, when
; built, will supersede the necessity of this building,
there is no reason why we should purchase it.
j For these reasons, 1 am opposed to the amend-
! merit.
| Mr. PEARCE. Mr. President, the opinion
, which I have in regard to this building 1 derive
1 from a very unanimous report made by the Com-
: mittee on Public Buildings of the other House.
There are three considerations which apply to
j the subject. The first is an economical one. We
; are now paying for this building a yearly rent of
§10,500, and it is indispensably necessary for the
service of the Government. The Government is
i paying other rents besides this. All the rents of
the Government in this city amount to about
$32,000, of which about §19,500 are for this build-
ing; and, I believe, at that rate, it is rather cheaper
than any other building which the Government
rentsin Washington. Itis manifest,therefore, that
if the Government is to use the building for any
length of time, it would save money by purchas-
ing it at once for $200,000 rather than paying rent
everyyear. Isupposethat the necessity tocontinue
the renting of the building is likely to last not less
than eight years longer; for, although it is pro-
posed to finish the wings of the Patent Office^ we
know very well that we have been told that the
entire wing on the east side, and a portion of that
on the west side, of the Patent Office Building will
be required for the use of the Patent Office. We
have been told so over and over again in the re-
ports of the Commissioner of Patents.
If theGovernmenterects buildings near the pres-
ent site of the War and Navy Departments, those
Departments will require them for their purposes.
They require greater facilities to transact the busi-
ness of the country now than in past years, be-
cause there has been a greatmultiplication of pop-
ulation and business. The demands upon Gov-
ernment therefore are much greater now than for-
merly.
In addition to that, if the Government had build-
ings of its own for the accommodation of all the
clerical force required in the different Departments,
I hold that we should still want this building. We
should want it as a depostory of our public archives.
Those archives are now for the most part kept in
cellars, which are damp, dangerous, and destruc-
tive to them; or else in garrets, where they are
liable to be destroyed by fire at a moment's warn-
ing. We shall want a depository of the public
archives. They increase in quantity vastly. I
have been told that forty cart-loads of them have
been burned up to get them out of the way; and
1 see that the Secretary of the Treasury, in his
report, says that the archives of that Department,
which are of great importance, and should be pre-
served to the remotest period, are now kept in the
basement of the building, where some of them
have been destroyed by mildew and moisture. I
hold, therefore, that the Government will do well
to secure this building as a depository of the pub-
lic archives, even if it had a building sufficient to
accommodate all its requisite clerical force.
Then as to the character of this building: it was
erected for the use of the Government—erected on
an understanding with the Secretary of one of the
Departments, who knew the wants of the Govern-
ment; who knew its interests; who knew that a
fire-proof building was necessary for its use. It
was known that a great loss had been sustained
by the Government in consequence of the want of
