2374
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 26,
mere measure of economy, it is better, as we have
the money, to purchase the building now, either
at $200,000, or $175,000, rather than continue the
payment of rent for it. If, at the end of that time,
we should have buildings sufficient to accommo-
date us, and this is of no use, we shall be no worse
off, but better. Bat upon looking into the report
made by the committee of the House of Repre-
sentatives at this session, and the statement of the
executive officers in connection with it, 1 am in-
clined to believe that, erect what buildings we may
for the accommodation of offices, this will not be
ultimately useless, but will furnish a valuable
place at which to keep the public archives of the
Government, which are now mouldering away in
vaults, basements, and cellars.
Mr. MILLER. Hitherto the Government has
erected its own buildings. The public buildings
already in this city are highly creditable to the
Government. They have been erected with great
care, and until five or six years ago, there was no
necessity for using any other buildings than those
erected by the Government. But, at the time this
building was rented, the Patent Office had not been
extended. One reason assigned at that time for
its being rented was, that the public buildings had
not been completed. Since that time a large wing
has been added to the Patent Office, and it was
stated at the time, that when that was finished
there would be no necessity for continuing the
renting of this building. However, it may be,
and I have no doubt it is as stated by the honor-
able Senators from Maryland and North Carolina,
the public business has so increased as to require
the rent of the building; but my objection is to the
principle of commencing the purchase of buildings
erected by individuals. If you commence it, you
will have, from time to time, builders, speculators,
coming here and erecting buildings and then get-
ting the Government to purchase them. And then,
instead of having your regular system of public
buildings erected under the control of the Govern-
ment itself, we shall have all kinds of buildings
put up here by individuals and purchased by Con-
gress. I do not pretend to have any eye with re-
gard to the durability or convenience of buildings,
but—I am satisfied in regard to this building, that
it will not answer the purposes of the Government,
and. that, if we purchase it now, as soon as we
have prepared proper buildings—and I trust we
shall in the course of another year; we have funds
enough to erect proper buildings for the accommo-
dation of the Government, for the War and Navy
Offices and the ex tension oftheTreasury Building—
this building will be abandoned as useless. That
is my impression.
Mr. DAVIS. I have a very satisfactory reason
in my own mind, for voting against any proposi-
tion of this sort. In the first place, there is the
Treasury Building which is designed to have two
additional wings put to it, which will afford very
great accommodation. It is needed by the Govern-
ment. The original plan of the building requires
those wings. It now stands in an unfinished state,
and there are two wings to be put up to complete
it. I take it that the Government mean to com-
plete it. Then the Patent Office remains unfinished.
It has no northern front, and no western front; and
if now we have §200,000 to expend, why not go
on and complete those buildings? It would be
better to do that than to buy new ones. It would
be in better taste. It would make that finished
which is begun, and which will be suspended if
vou aie going to seek other accommodations.
'Fhese reasons are enough to induce me to vote
against the amendment.
Mr. PEA.RCE. I did not hear the remarks of
the Senator from Rhode Island, but I am told that
he said that the walls of this building are cracked.
I have in my possession a letter from the Super-
intendent of Public Buildings. He says that the
stucco on the walls is of a character to show any
crack of a destructible nature, and that, if there
was the slightest possible crack it would be seen
through the stucco. He says further, that there
is one crack which is so inconsiderable, that if it
were not for the stucco it would not be seen. He
has had occasion to look into the walls and they
are built of the best hard brick. It is manifest to
any one who will look at the building, that it was
constructed in a most substantial manner. That
is what he says. 1 have heard no evidence of any
crack indicated in the building, which would do
any injury. I believe the building is suitable for
the purposes of the Government. Indeed, we
have the evidence of the officers of the Govern-
ment upon that point. I mentioned the fact that
persons employed in the Topographical Depart-
ment, executing the finest species of drawing,
never found in- the most violent winds the least
tremble of the walls.
As to the amendment proposed by the Senator
from Pennsylvania, it is hardly worth while to
consent to it. If we do not give the $200,000 we
had better not make the appropriation at all.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bright
in the chair.) The question is on the amendment
to the amendment to strikeout §200,000 and insert
$175,000.
Mr. SHIELDS. I will vote to strike out be-
cause I think the building will not answer the pur-
pose; but I will not vote to put anything in.
The amendment to the amendment was reject-
ed.
Mr. RUSK asked for the yeas and nays on the
amendment; and they were ordered.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I will ask if any gentle-
man can state what the building cost and what the
ground is worth?
Mr. PEARCE. I stated that the ground con-
tained about twenty-six thousand feet, and at the
lowest is supposed to be worth over $30,000. The
building contains four million bricks. The laying
of these is expensive. It has a vast deal of work
upon it. It has iron girders, and is covered by a
metallicroof. The exact cost I cannot tell. Sev-
eral architects and builders have said though, that
such a building could not be put up for less than
4240,000.
Mr. BRADBURY. I will ask whether it
proves to be perfectly dry, and whether the base-
ment story of the Treasury Building, contain-
ing a large portion of the public papers, is not
damp ?
Mr. PEARCE. I believe it is perfectly dry. I
know it is in the upper rooms. The basement is
above ground. There is, therefore, not the same
reason for dampness in it as in the Treasury build-
ing.
The yeas and nays being taken on the amend-
ment, resulted—yeas 17, nays 27; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Badger, Bayard, Bell, Bradbury, Coop-
er, Dawson, Dodge of Iowa, Hamlin, James, Jones of
Iowa, Minimum, Meriwether, Pearce, Soule, Simmer, Up-
ham, and Walker—17.
NAYS—Mcssis. Adams, Borland, Bright, Brodhead,
Brooke, Butler, Chase, Clarke, Clemens, Davis, JDe Saus-
sure, Fetch, Fish, Gcyer, Houston, Hunter,Mason, Miller,
Moi ton, Norris, Rusk, Shields, Smith, Spruance, Under-
wood, Wade, and Weller—27.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. PEARCE. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Finance to offer the following amend-
ment;
For the payment of the arrears of salary due to the late
rural architect, A. J. Downing, deceased, trom the first of
M.iy, 185-2, to the date of his death, and a furtherallowance
to tus widow, equal to the salary lor one year, .$2,500:
Provider!, That the said sum shall be in full of all claim for
the services of the said deceased, and foi all models, speci-
fications, and diawings, designed for the benefit of the Uni-
ted States, winch are notin its possession.
That amendment would have been offered by
yourself, sir, (Mr. Bright in the chair,) if you
had not Ifeen in the chair. The reason for it is,
that a balance of $675 is due to Mr. Downing, as
a portion of his annual salary. The reason for
giving the additional compensation is, that his
employment was contemplated for a series of
years, and that he had furnished a number of
drawings and specifications of improvements to
be made upon the public grounds here. For that
reason the amendment has been offered.
Mr. CLEMENS. While Mr. Downing was
superintending the public grounds, I understand
he was the editor of a paper in New York, and
that his time here was about three or four days in
the month. I want to know if those are the facts
in the case?
Mr. PEARCE. I believe he was the editor of
a paper.
Mr. CLEMENS. And was in New York at-
tending to his duties as editor. 1 do not under-
stand why we should make this payment.
Mr. PEARCE. This gentleman was employed
by the President of the United States at a salary
of $2,500 a year, under authority given by an act
of Congress" Whether it was a proper salary or
not is not the question now. Two thousand five
hundred dollars was his salary. It was contem-
plated that the work would cover a series of years.
He has furnished plans and specifications. He is
undoubtedly entitled to the appropriation of $675
on account of his salary, and it is supposed that
the drawings and plans which he furnished ought
to be paid for, although the carrying out of them,
under his superintendence, was cut short by his
melancholy death.
Mr. CLEMENS. He was employed by the
Government at a salary to attend to duties here,
and he went to New York, and attended to his
business there. Those 1 understand to be the facts.
I do not understand them to be controverted. In
addition, we are now called upon to put his widow
upon what is equivalent to the civil pension list.
I understand the amendment embraces the pay-
ment of a twelve months'salary for services never
rendered at all.
Mr. BRIGHT. If the Senator will permit me,
I will say a few words. I understand that the
gentleman, for the benefit of whose widow the
amendment is presented, was lost, lately, upon the
steamer Henry Clay; that he was at that time on
his way to this city for the purpose of transacting
the business for which he was employed by the
Government; that he was in the habit, as the Sen-
ator states, of spending perhaps a week in each
month here; and that, at the time he was employed
it was understood that he should not give more
than a part of his time out of each month here.
He had due to him at the time of his death, be-
tween $600 and $700 of his salary. He has, as I
am informed by Mr. William D. Breckenridge,
agent for the improvement of the public grounds,
and I believe the successor of Mr. Downing, fur-
nished valuable drawings and documents as pre-
paratory steps for important improvements in the
various public grounds of the city. Mr. Breck-
enridge addressed me a letter, from which I read
the following:
" Washington, Jlugust 23,1852.
" The subscriber, the successor of the late A. J. Downing,
agent for the improvement of the public grounds, having
been associated with him for the past eighteen months, in
charge of the improvement of the grounds adjoining and
surrounding the Smithsonian Institution, and Lafayette
Square, honestly believe that the services of the late Mr.
Downing in the conception and design of future improve-
ments—the execution of which will now readily and easily
be carried out by the subscriber, from his knowledge of the
different designs and plans of Mr. Downing—are fairly
worth, over and above his salary, $5,000, inasmuch as it
would cost at least that amount to obtain new designs, and
to revise what was done to correspond with them," &c.
I think it apparent from the statement of tliis
gentleman, who is now an officer of the Govern-
ment, that the plans which we have in possession
and have permission to use are worth more than
we propose to appropriate for the benefit of his
widow. Under these circumstances the Commit-
tee on Finance decided to recommend it to the
Senate.
Mr. SHIELDS. I know that my honorable
friend from Alabama, if he understood the facts
of this case, would not object to the amendment.
Mr. Downing devoted his whole life to this de-
partment of the arts. Perhaps no man in this
nation, certainly no man in the present day, had
a larger experience in business of this kind. The
paper which he edited was a paper connected with
his business. He traveled all over the world, and
came here and brought the information to us
which he had gathered; and if his life had been
spared, my impression is that he would have im-
proved the taste of this capital. I consider his
death as a national loss, i have derived a great
deal of information from the reading of his papers,
and my impression is that his models and plans
will be of much more value, if carried out faith-
fully, than the money we propose to give.
Mr. DAVIS. When I came here last fall I
found Mr. Downing going on with the operations
committed to him. I had known him before
through his periodical, but not personally. He
was a man of uncommon taste as a horticulturist,
and in everything which related to trees. His
taste was happily adapted to embellish and orna-
ment such grounds as he undertook to improve.
He was here constantly during a certain season of
the year. I saw him every day until the frost
became so severe that he could no longer set trees.
When the ground was closed up so that he could
not set trees he went away until the ground opened
again. Then he returned, and was here constantly
superintending the transplanting of trees, many
of them large, and requiring his own attention.
