598
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 19,
a grant was made to the State of Ohio, to construct
a road from the Lower Rapids of the Miami to
Lake Erie, one mile on each "side of the road—for
in those days it was all wild country, and the
United States thought proper to make a grant of
the whole land and not of the alternate sections as
we now do. Another grant of a like nature was
made to the State of Ohio in 1897, for a road from
Columbus to Sandusky. In 1827, these grants
for railroads and canals were commenced. The
first grant was to the State of Illinois, for the con-
struction of a canal, alternate sections of five miles
on each side; and in the same year .a similar grant
was made to the State of Indiana, for a canal from
the ^abash to Lake Erie. In 1898, another grant
was made to the State of Ohio, and in 1830, fur-
ther time was granted to the State to locate those
lands, and they were authorized to apply the grant
either to the canal or to a railroad. I will remark
here, to my Democratic friends, that this bill was
approved by General Jackson, who was the first
to put an end to improper appropriations for the
purposes of internal improvement. A grant was
made to Florida for a canal, and 400,000 acres of
land were granted to Alabama for improving the
rapids in the Tennessee river, known as the
Muscle Shoals. James K. Polk, who was as
much opposed to internal improvements as any
man in this nation, advocated and voted for those
two bills.
jNow, sir, I contend that the bill now before us
cannot connect itself with the subject of internal
improvements by. the General Government. It is
simply a donation of public lands for public uses—
a donation which I hope and trust will be returned
to the Government, not only once, but twofold,
or threefold.
Now, let us lay all abstractions aside and take
a plain, common-sense view of this subject. The
fourth section of the lull provides—
" That the i-aidland^ hereby gi anted to the said State shall
be subject to tin; disposal of the Legislature thereof, for the
purposes aforesaid, and no other; and the said railroads
shall be and remain a public lnghwny, for the use of the
Government of the United States, free from toll or other
charge upon the transportation of any property or tioops of
the United State*."
Most certainly the General Government has a
right to contract for the transportation of troops
and their supplies. Here we say to the State of
Missouri, make this road through your country,
transport our troops and supplies, and we will
give you every alternate section of land, but with
the proviso that the remaining sections shall bring
double the usual price.
Again, by the 6th section of the bill, we require
the State of Missouri to carry the mails along
these roads at such price as Congress may stipu-
late. •
Now, we may suppose that Congress will not
ask that the mail shall be carried at a lower rate
than is paid for other and similar routes in the
United States. But you must provide for carry-
ing it over that route as rapidly as it can be
carried by private express, otherwise the mail mat-
ter will decrease and letters will be carried by pri-
vate conveyance. Now, we promise to transport
whatever you have to transport free of charge;
and I ask gentlemen if it is not a fair and liberal
proposition, and whether we have not the right to
ask that aid shall be given us to construct these
roads for the considerations mentioned?
Now, Mr. Speaker, the Constitution of the
United States gives to Congress full power to dis«
pose of these public lands, and to make all needful
rules and regulations in relation thereto, and there-
fore, in accordance with this provision of the
Constitution, the power of Congress to make
these grants cannot be questioned.
But this question may be considered in another
point of view. The gentleman from Missouri
[Mr. Phklps] 011 yesterday alluded to the fact,
that the State of Missouri is prohibited from tax-
ing the lands sold by the United States for the
space of five years; and she is also prohibited from
taxing the lands given to soldiers for the space of
three years. Now, a like clause has been intro-
duced into the constitution, or rather into the act
admitting the State of Louisiana into the Union.
But that act goes further. It provides that " the
4 river Mississippi, and the navigable rivers lead-
$ ing into the same, or into the Gulf of Mexico,
' shall be common highways and forever free, as
' well to the inhabitants of said State as to other
4 citizens of the United States, without any tax,
' duty, impost, or toll therefor, imposed by the
* said State." So that if the people of Louisiana
should wish to-morrow to make an expenditure
of money for the purpose of making any of these
rivers navigable, they could not impose any tax,
or impost, or-toll upon any citizen of the United
States for traveling through that channel. Now,
it will be perceived that the old States have a kind
of guardianship over us. They keep the new
States in a sort of pupilage, although they are full
grown. Very well, we do not complain of it, but
we wish the old States, as good fathers of families,
to act liberally, generous, and kind towards us.
I now beg leave to call the attention of the House
to one of the projects for a railroad, which I had
the honor of presenting to the House, and for
which we ask that a grant of the public lands
should be made. The road is to run from the bank
of the Mississippi river, opposite New Orleans,
to Opelousas, and from thence to Texas. The
whole distance is from two hundred and fifty to
two hundred and sixty miles. The firstfifty miles
will run from New Orleans to Lafourche, through
a swamp country, where the United States are not
in the possession ofonefootofland,as a letter from
the register of the land office, which I hold in my
hand, will show. Upon the route from Lafourche
to Berwick's bay, there are about 3,200 acres of
land belonging to the'Government, as will appear
from a letter from the Surveyor General of Louisi-
ana, which I now havebeforeme. The rest is either
land granted before the change of Government,
or ceded to the State, as swamp land. This route
goes through swamp lands which are susceptible
of being reclaimed, and we trust it will soon be
done. The whole route from New Orleans to Ber-
wick's bay has been surveyed, but no company
has been organized, because under our constitu-
tion, no special acts of incorporation can he passed.
It requires that all laws shall be general; and it
was found, when we endeavored to get up this
company, that the general act of incorporation
then in force, would not answer for a corporation
for railroads, and therefore we were obliged to de-
fer it to the present session of the Legislature of
the State.
From Berwick's bay to Opelousas, a distance
of about ninety miles, the road will run principal-
ly through a prairie and over lands which were
granted before a change of Government; and the
United States will not be required to give any
lands at all, except it may be a spot here and there
in the prairie. The six miles may extend so as to
cover some small tracts of land from Opelousas
to Bayou Chicot, a distance of twenty-seven miles.
A large portion of the lands on the route were also
granted before the change of Government, the in-
ferior portions only remaining from Bayou Chicot
to the Sabine river, a distance of about fifty-seven
miles. It will run through a pine forest now of lit-
tle or no value to the United States. Indeed, I will
venture to say, that if the whole of this portion of
these lands were to be put up at public auction to-
morrow, they would not bring ten cents per acre.
But once run a railroad through them, and you
make them valuable for the lumber to the prairie
country, in the vicinity and below, and also valu-
able to the prairie country in Texas. For I hope
and trust that if we ever get this road through to the
Sabine river, that it will be continued on through
Texas. The subject is now before the Texas
Legislature, and I feel certain that if we can once
get this road completed to the border of Texas, it
will be continued on through that State to El
Paso.
According to a hasty calculation which I have
made, the grant which we ask for for the whole line
of the main road will not exceed 230,000 acres of
land belonging to the United States, and nearly all
of that is land which is now entirely worthless to
the Government. As I have remarked, it is not
worth ten cents per acrc. But run your railroad
through it, and you will make every alternate sec-
tion worth $2 50 per acre for the timber; the two
branches contemplated will take but a small addi-
tional quantity.
A Member. What is the length of your road ?
Mr. MOORE. About two hundred and fifty or
two hundred and sixty miles, I say the grant
will be small when compared with the length of
the road. The public lands do not lie along the
route of the road for more than fifty or at most
sixty miles.
Now, to show you that it is probable that this
road will be naade, in a series of addresses which
I made to the people along the route upon this sub-
ject, I calculated the produce of seven of the par-
ishes between Lafourche and St. Laundry for the
year 1849. 1 will here remark, that when 1 went
there a great portion of that country was a wild
prairie, on which cattle were pastured, and a little
corn made. But in the year 1849, those seven
little parishes produced 72,000 hogsheads of
sugar, which produced about 36,000 hogsheads of
molasses. They raised about 20,000 bales of cot-
ton, and sent to market about 40,000 head of cattle,
all of which was then worth about $5,400,000. I
showed that by making this road they—the inhab-
itants and productive classes of those parishes—
would save in freight, insurance, and passage in
one year, at least $300,000. Now, if the people
of those parishes have intelligence enough to
raise that amount of produce so valuable, they will
certainly have intelligence enough to take this
matto* up, and make this road. I take it for
granHd that this road will be made, at least as far
as Opelousas; and if this Congress will make
us the grant of land which we desire, I feel no
hesitation in saying, that it will go as far as the
Sabine, or Texas line. And if it ever gets that
far, just as sure as I stand here, it will be extended
through the State of Texas. In relation to this
route through Texas, I will quote from Captain
R. B. Marcy's report of a survey of the route
from El Paso to Red river, in which he says, page
224, " Our road passes over uniformly level
* ground, crossing no mountains or deep valleys,
4 and for five hundred miles on the eastern ex-
4 tremity runs through the heart of a country pos-
sessing great natural advantages." "1 con-
ceive it to be the best overland wagon route
to California." Speaking of the practicability
of a railroad along that line, he says, (page
226:) " There are as few difficulties to encounter
as any other route that can be found in our coun-
try." Page 224: " We found a smooth road over
' gently undulating country of prairie and timber,
* and abounding with numerous clear spring
' branches for two hundred miles, and in many
* places covered withgroves of musquito timber."
44 The soil cannot be surpassed for fertility." Page
226: " It would appear to have been designed b^r
the Great Architect of the universe for a railroad.
From El Paso to Red river is about seven hundred
miles."—See Ex. Doc. Sen., 31s£ Cong.y 1st sess.,
JVb. 64.
I have not the least doubt that if this grant is
made by Congress, that the road will be continued
on to El Paso.
The other day a discussion arose in reference to
the immense expenditures of money for supplying
our Army upon the southwestern frontier. Now if
this road is made we will transport your supplies
to the Sabine river free of charge. We will carry
your mails through at the lowest possible prices;
and instead of being weeks in carrying it to the
Sabine river, as is now the case, we will carry it
through in twelve hours. Then is it not some-
thing worth looking at, when we see these supplies,
which have cost the United States so much money,
carried free of cost? General Jesup states that
the opening of the Red river alone would save
§45,000 a year in supplying the fifth regiment of
infantry, now stationed on the northern frontier
of Texas. Now, if we will put down all your
supplies and troops upon the borders of Texas
free of charge, I ask what the United States would
then save? Can there be a doubt but it would
savedouble $45,000in a year5 I venture to assert
that these lands, from Bayou Chicot to the Sabine,
could not be sold now "for $50,000 if put up at
auction, unless there was a prospect of a railroad
through them, in which case I admit they would
become valuable.
There is another subject to which I desire briefly
to allude. Jt is well known that Congress have
passed laws in relation to the inspection of steam-
boat boilers; and for what reason ? Principally to
save life. It is also a well-known fact, that the
danger in traveling upon a railroad is much less
than by any other mode of traveling. It is less
even than traveling private carriage. If I were
to state the returns of the railroads in New England,
and in England,youwould hardly believe me when
I say that in upwards of 20,000',000 persons who
traveled by railroad, less than 200 were killed, and
most of them on account of improper conduct of
their own. In New England, out of 19,000,000
