1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
,599
passengers and employes, only 190 odd were killed
and wounded, and less than one half of them were
passengers.
Now, does not this enter into the consideration of
the legislation of the country? If we have a right
to appoint inspectors to inspect steamboat boilers,
have we not the same right to contribute to the
means of. lessening the dangers of traveling, and
making it a hundredfold less? I trust that this
House will make these grants of land. Yester-
day the subject of homesteads was brought up.
If that is thought to be the best thing for us to do,
I hope this House will adopt it. I think that any
mode which will keep these lands out of the hands
of speculators, is a judicious and proper one for
this Congress to adopt. 1 think that the greatest
curse that can befall a country is to have large
bodies of land come into the hands ot speculators.
For many years past I have been in a situation to
speculate in lands, if 1 had chosen to have done
so. But I have such a horror, such a detestation
for that traffic, on account of Us injurious influence
in the prosperity of a country, that I have never
bought a single acre of land for speculation, alone.
It is because, m my younger days, when I was
poor, and strove hard for a living, I saw the im-
propriety of such a course. This subject of grant-
ing the right of way and making grants of land
for railroads has been* so thoroughly discussed
here, and so much more ably than 1 can expect
to discuss it, that I will say nothing more upon
the subject, but I will merely give to this House
some little experience of my own. Fifty-one years
ago I descended the Mississippi. 1 was then
young, but the scenery of that river, as it then ap-
peared, is most vividly imprinted upon my mind.
At that time there was not a white inhabitant upon
the bank of that river, from above the mouth of
the Ohio to a place then designated as Walnut
Hills, but now known as Vicksburg, save a few
at New Madrid and environs. At that period the
now great, fertile, and flourishing Valley of the
Mississippi contained but a few thousand souls.
Then a few flat and keel-boats transported the
whole produce of that valley to a market. In 1812
the first steamboat that ever plied the waters of
that river, landed at the Le\*ee of New Orleans. I
was fortunate enough to be there and see it land,
jfnd to be one of the first passengers upon that boat
on its first departure from the wharf of New
Orleans.
Now look at the change that has taken place
upon those waters. In the place of one solitary
steamboat, you have thousands of floating palaces
stemming the current of that mighty stream as if
it were by magic. Now there are ten millions of
souls in that great valley. Now, instead of a com-
merce which required only a few flat-boats to ac-
commodate it, you have a commerce which
amounts, according to the estimate of 1851, ot
$220,000,000. The exports of domestic products
from New Orleans, then merely nominal, now
amount to upwauls of $07,000,000 per annum.
And all this mighty change has been brought about
by American industry and American enterprise,
and I am enabled to stand here, through the par-
tiality of my constituents, and say that I am proud
of having been one of the pioneers of that far south-
west—proud of being a citizen of this glorious
Union. Who would not be proud ? Ah, I hear a
still voice saying that there are a few who, with
sacrilegious hand, would tare down this fair fabric.
May God in his mercy forgive them—they know
not what they do. "Well, if in my short life I have
seen all these changes, and brought about mostly
by the effect of steam applied to boats by the inven-
tion of the great Fulton, what may we not expect
to see in the next fifty years by these railroads,
when brothers and sons living in the far West upon
the Pacific ocean, will be brought together as neigh-
bors ! I have within these fifty years seen all of
Louisiana purchased, and now that purchase con-
tains four States. Since that time Texas has been
annexed and New Mexico and California have been
acquired. When these railroads shall be completed,
which are now proposed, we shall have an inter-
communication from the eastern shores of our coun-
try upon the Atlantic to tfce Pacific on the west.
Shall we not make some small grants of our public
domain towards the accomplishment of so great an
object? I hope if we live a few years longer we shall
see these railroads reaching to the far western limits
of Texas, and the day may come possibly, when
those who are now here in this House, when in
three times forty-eight hours, persons can go from
the Atlantic to the Pacific. Then consider the
effects upon this great nation and upon this great
western country.
I take it that no man can doubt that the very
instant you put these railroads through the public
lands, you make every inch of that public land
three fold more valuable than it now is, I know
in my own State, along the roads that I propose, it
will have the effect to make the public lands along
them ten times more valuable.
In the bill which I had the honor to present,
there is another railroad, which it is proper for me
to mention. It is a road from Vicksburg, across
the country, to Shreeveport, and thence to Texas.
1 will only say to the House, that this route is con-
sidered of sufficient importance for a survey to
have been ordered by Congress, or the Senate,
and that a survey and estimate has been made by
W. H. Sidell, civil engineer. He lias made an
able report upon it, and says there aie no difficul-
ties to encounter that cannoteasily be surmounted.
The estimate of the whole cost of the road is at
the rate of $15,000 per mile. I will say, that al-
though the whole length of that road is one hun-
dred and eighty nules, yet this grant of land to
aid in its construction will be small in proportion
to its length. And why ? Because a large portion
of it will go through lands already ceded to the
State of Louisiana, and granted before the change
of the Government, and therefore the grant by
Congress will not be so great as its length would
suppose. The public lands along this route, are
principally poor land; very little or none have
been sold for more than the minimum price, a dol-
lar and a quarter an acre, except upon the borders
of the Red river, where they nave been disposed
of long ago. I estimate that the grant by the bill
will not exceed 400,000 acres. So that the whole
grant which 1 apply for to this Congress, will not
amount to more than, as near as I can now estimate
it, from G30.000 to 650,000 aciesof land. And
for that we propose to carry your troops gratui-
tously, and to carry your mails, and to give every
facility to the Government, which will make these
lands ten times more valuable than they now are.
1 feel that 1 can contribute nothing further to aid
this question, and that so much has already been
said, that little or nothing has been left for me to
say.
Mr. FICKLIN. This subject has already been
so ably discussed by gentlemen who have preceded
me, that it is with much of diffidence and distrust
of my ability to interest the members of this House,
that I now attempt to add anything to what has
been said. When I hear members from the older
States complaining that the grants of land which
have been and are likely to be made by this Gov-
ernment, are extravagant; when I hear them say
that the Congress of the United States is squan-
dering the public domain; and when I hear the
representatives of the people from the twelve land
States and from the Territories characterized and
denounced as land pirates and robbers, it causes
me to reflect, and ask if it is possible that that
judgment to which we have all, in the new States,
so unanimously come, can possibly be wrong—
to ask myself if it is necessary that that decision
should be reviewed. And I confess that the more
I reflect upon the subject, the more I examine this
land question, the more thoroughly, and the more
decidedly am I convinced that the course and policy
of this Government should be more liberal in the
future than it has been in the past; that instead of
acting in a parsimonious manner, instead of hold-
ing in the miser's gripe the 1,400,000,000 of acres
of land which belong to this Government, it should
be dealt out liberally wherever a donation of this
land can be made to subserve the public interest.
Will gentlemen of this House adopt the selfish
policy, that, because these lands cannot be granted
alike to the new and old States, they will vote
against grants to the new States because, forsooth,
they may locally benefit the new States more than
they do the old ? Assuredly not.
if I understand the reports which have been
made by the present and former Commissioners of
the Land Office, the amount of public land in the
twelve land States, whose names it is not neces-
sary for me to repeat, because they are familiar to
every member upon this floor, was 386,000,000 of
acres, within a fraction. Of that 386,000,000, in-
cluding all that has been set apart for common
schools, all that has been granted for seminary
purposes, all that has been granted for purposes
of internal improvement, less than one sixteenth
part of the whole public domain in thefwelveland
States has been donated for these purposes to those
Slates. Is that liberal ? Is it extravagant ? It does
not strike me in that light. What should be the
policy of this Government? In what does the
wealth of a nation consist? Does it consist in
holding hundreds of millions of acres of land for
the deer and wolf to roam over ? Is it not rather,
sir, in planting upon every section of that land a
tenant—a man who is able to till and cultivate it,
and to bring it into that use for which nature's God
had designed it? Of what avail are the millions
of acres lying west of the Alleghany mountains
to any person—when does their value commence?
When do they begin to be useful to the country
and its people? Not until there is placed upon it, to
subdue its wild nature, to bring it to cultivation,
and to subject it to the arts of industry, a husband-
man who will make it of benefit to the Go\em-
inent. 1 acknowledge my indebtedness to the
member from Massachusetts, [Mr. Rantoul,]
who has taken so large, enlightened, and liberal a
view of the land question. 1 think it was proba-
bly as far back as 1838 that MivCalhoun,now no
more, presented his projet with regard to the final
disposition of the public domain. It was then
that he foresaw that the present land system would
notcontinueforagreat number of years. Pie then
foresaw that the proprietorship of the General
Government of the public lands of the United
States would soon" cease—that in a few years, or
a few score years, it would depart from it. With
that view of the system, he presented a plan by
which the lands were to be granted to the States in
which they were situated, to be disposed of by
those States, a portion of the proceeds to be paid
into the Treasury of the General Government. It
has been intimated also to-day, by the honorable
i member from Massachusetts, [Mr. Rantoui,.] that
i in a series of years this must be the lesult. It is
certainly so. That is to be the ultimate destina-
tion of these lands. We all know that the weight
of population is rapidly passing to the West. We
ajjg all aware of the rapid growth of that section *
of the Union, and those of us who live there feel
that the new States are not placed upon a footing
with the old States m regard to population. Ana
why, it is asked, are we not placed upon a footing
with the old States ? The old thirteen States, to-*
gether with those added since, except the twelve
land States, are the proprietors of the soil within
their limits. They possess the ri«'ht of eminent
domain. The power of the Legislatures of the
thirteen old Slates, to which may be added Ten-
nessee, Kentucky, Vermont, and probably others,
to tax the lands within their limits is absolute and.
unquestioned. Is thatthecase with thenew States
of the West ? Of the contrary we are all aware.
We all know that but a very small portion of the
lands situated in the new States are subject to tax-
ation. We might go back further, and inquire
why this distinction has been made. We might
inquire how the title to these lands was originally
acquired. Those granted by Virginiaand Georgia
were lands originally belonging to the British
Crown, and acquired as the consequence of the
Revolution; and they were claimed by the States
within whose limits they fell. In consequence of
difficulties springing up in regard to the title, these
lands weie ceded to the Federal Government.
Nothing was paid originally in dollars and cents
by the General Government to any one of these
States for these lands.
The new States coming into the Union upon an
equal footing with the old States, each one of them
would have obtained the right of eminent domain
to the lands situated within their limits. They
would have had that right but for the provision
which was contained in the ordinance of 1T87, re-
stricting and limiting the new States in that respect.
That was an act of might, I contend, against right;
because I hold whenever a State comes into this
Union, it should be with all the rights, privileges,
) and immunities of the old States. With the West-
j ern States, however, it is not so. They came in
! under certain restrictions. That limitation was
i extended to the acts of admission by which Ohio,
! and other Northwestern and Southwestern States
I have come into the Union. This provision having
been ingrafted upon the ordinance of 1767—these
conditions were imposed upon the new States when
they were admitted into the Union, when they were
