1512
THE CONGRESSIONAL G-LOBisL
May 31,
the gentleman, that in his opinion, it does nut
come up as unfinished business belonging to the
Morning hour. The bill was reported irom Lie [
committee, and defeated. A motion is penoi.i^to j
reconsider the vote by which the bill wus ueleatpd, >
which is a privileged motion, taking its place;
among other privileged motions, outside ui" the |
special order. - !
Mr. JONES. Was not that privileged meiirm i
the subject under consideration when the House j
adiourned-on Saturday? I
The SPEAKER. That is true.- j
Mr. JONES. I wish to inquire, if the House ;
had not adjourned, would not that subject have j
continued before the House? And then 1 inquire, j
if jt does not come up as the unfinished business j
when the House was last in session ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair, the other day, j
decided that, when a bill of a similar description !
was before the House; but it was upon a drier- .
ent principle, upon the principle that the prev ions j
question had been moved and seconded. The
(Jhair doubts whether the gentleman f.om Ten- I
nessee [Mr. Joxes] is not right in his cnn-tmiriion
of the rule, but is inclined to the opinion UioS the i
bill having been reported from the eo;nr>u!Jee, i
voted upon and defeated by the House, t\c- mo- !
tion to recffbsider takes its place among other pi iv-
ileged motions, and does not connect itself with
the morning hour. The Chair doubts, however,
in regard to the correctness of the decision.
Upon reflection, the Chains disposed to decide,
if any gentleman calls up the privileged qnesiion
connected with the bill which wasieported dining
the morning hour, that it is the unfinished busi-
ness; and he so decides.
Mr. DEAN. I call for the regular order of
business.
The SPEAKER. The regular older of busi-
ness is the motion to lay upon the table the motion
to reconsider the vote by which the Iowa hind bill
was defeated.
Mr. HALL, Will it be in ouler to move to
postpone that question until Thursday next.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it would
be in order.
Mr. HALL. It is a very important question,
and there.is a very thin House; ! therefore move
that the consideration of this subject be postponed
until Thursday next.
Mr. DEAN. ■ I move to amend the motion by
inserting" Monday next," in the place of "Thurs-
day next."
Mr. HALL. I will modify my motion so as
to make it this day week
Mr. JONES. A motion to postpone is not m
order while a motion to lay upon the table in pend-
ing. Butif it is the wish of those present to post-
pone it until this day week, 1 will withdraw the
motion lo lay upon the table, and then the motion
of the gentleman from Missouri |Mr. Ham.] will
be in order; hut if the House say they will not
postpone it, I will renew the monon to lay ii, m
the table.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentli-nmn with-
draw his motion ?
Mr. JONES. I do withdraw it.
Mr. HALL. I now move to postpone the con-
sideration of ibis subject to this day week.
Mr. STANLY. I object to that. I object to
the clay. There was another bill postponed to
that day for consideration.
Mr. HALL. Then I move thru it be postponed
until to-morrow week.
Mr. STANLY. Veiy well. I withdraw my
objection.
Mr. HOUSTON. I want lo t*« tho
gentleman from Missouri, \vlv> hes change of th f.
btii, that I understand the defici^m-y bill \vdlu..ch
the House from the Senate probably to-day, ;md
if he could postpone the consideration of the
which he has now in charge, to some other day,
so as to give the deficiency bill a few davs. [ would
prefer it.
Mr. MARTIN. [ object.
Mr. HALL. 1 understand the gentleman from
• Tennessee [Mr. Jones] to withdraw his motion ;o
lay upon the table. Js it not in order to make the 1
motion I have, to postpone the further consider- ,
ation of the proposition to reconsider the vote by '
winch the bill was defeated?
The SPEAKER. It is in order, in the opinion 1
of the Chair.
Mr. ORR. I demand the yess and nays.
Mr. KING, of New York. I ask for tellers
upon the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. King, of New
York, and Olingmak were appointed; and the
House being counted, the tellers reported—ayes
27, noes 90. Being one fifth, the yeas and nays
were ordered.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I suppose that all
wi!i now agree that this matter should be post-
poned until Tuesday next. [ hope it will be
allowed to pays over by unanimous consent.
Mr. KING, of New York, [object.
The question was again tnken on the motion to
postpone the consideration of the special order,
and it was agreed to—yeas 1 JO, nays 51; as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aberctumbie, C. Alien, W. Allen, Wil-
Apploton, {><; !, Howie, Bowtie, Bk'ii-
um. Bus AitfitG. Biown, 8uirows>, Rusby, 13 Carriiig-
Mn'Cdbeil, Lewis P. Campbell, Cartter,Cluu:d!oi,(Jini>Uu>,
Clark, Uhnjjmaiij Cobb. Conner, (Jottmur;. Cullom, Curtis,
T. Davks, Jolm (*. Davi?. Duncan, Duiki.e, Ea-t-
ni.ui,"Kdyortoii, Fitch, Florence. Fowler, Gayiurd, Gentry,
Goodeuow, (rnruian, Green, Chey, Hall, Harper, I-h uji G-
liarn<, Pamp^on W. [Ian is. Hart, IJ a^cnli, IJ uven. Hcbatd,
iSL'iulu<-kt*, lienn, Hibbaul, Iloibjord, Jlou'-t<m.Tlio:;:,\s M.
ilowc. Thomas V. How, Iu^ersoil, Jackj>oa, Andrew
J')1h;mu', .fames Johnson, John Johnson. itoboit YV. John-
son, G<'oi>ie G Kutms Kurtz, Landry,Maee. Hum-
p'ivv >I;u shall, McOorkse, Me NTair, Miller, Mm«'i , IWolony,
Ih'tiry U. Moore, John xMoore, Murphy, Olds, Oir. 0,1 flaw,
Samuel W. i'arker, Peaslee, I'enn, Peiniitnar, I'dik, Rich-
ar'lson,Ilo^, Haokett, fckhooimiakt 1, iSciinj, iMvuj L Sey-
mmir, Oiiyjen S. ripymoni. SimtSi, Snow, S'.anlw Stone,
I Stiatton/I'aj 1'ii, ThuMoti. Tuombt-, T<>wn hend, v'enauh'j
[ YVaUh, \Vaid, W'l^Iitmrn, W-iKuis, Welch, Y/eli   \V11 -
• itn< k, William,-, and —I U>.
| NAY'S — Met sis. Aiken, Allison, Averett, IJabeock, Bar-
te.e, Heimetf, IJoeoek, IJueJi, Caldwell, Ca^kie, Coieock,
Dean, Dockoiy. Kdmuiutsou, Floul, Thoma-J. D. Fulici,
Gamble, Cabling.?, Hamilton, Hammond, Holladay, John
W. Uov.u, Hunte), Ives, Daniel T. Jones., Gen'iKC W.
Joneh, J. <Jl:inr\ Jones, I're^roo Kinjj, Letchc, ;.r,irtnt,
M< Donald, iMc-Lan.v'iitit, Mc.Mullin, McQueon, Mead,',
Miils-oii, Moieliead. Nowiitn, Puce. Kiddle, Robbing Robu-,
liti-.s?«.'ll, Skclton, Benjamin Stanton, ilicbaid H. Stanton,
Aluabani P. Stevens. Ale\and'ji If. Styphejis. Wallace,
Addison White, and Woodward—51.
So the motion to postpone was agreed to.
FLORIDA AND ALABAMA KA1LROAD.S.
Mv. OUR. I am instructed by the Committee
on Pubbc Lands fo report lo the liouse, "* An act
44 rantin« the right of way and a portion of the
' public lands to the States of Florida and Alabama,
' for the construction of certain railroads in said
' States."
, Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, ff the gentleman
! from South Carolina will yield me the iloor for
l a few moments, 1 will suggest to the House thut
. there are a great many members absent, and that
, there are not a sufficient number present to take
I up for action these contested cases; and that it
j would therefore be just to all sides, and the inter-
! ests of those concerned in these contested tpies- !
■ tions, tliat action should bt; postponed until after
■ the of the J/alrimorc Convention, and tlie
, Uou.se yhall be full. One nthcr suggestion, and
! ;oo done, {^et ny proeet.'d with the call for u--
! ports IV'no '""omnntttcs. w Kb the unanimous undwr-
I standing that s uch only will be received as those
' makitu1, thein will be wilhni; to ha\e leferred to
1 the Committee of the Whole House, or the Com-
| mitiee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
, Let the bills and reports he printed, that they may
: be prepared for the action of the Mouse when it
r shall !>e awin in a eondiimn (<t do bu^nets-.
The btJhbYK.Kil. Is the proposition of the
tendon m from Tcnne^tjee acceptable to ibe
i loiloo '
Mr. ^Ad'.KTr, Will the ^entleuian from
Souib ('arobna yifld the lloorto me for a nmrnenf
to submit a ic^ihition to be read for information?
Me. OKll. I yield only for the pu'po&rnf hav-
ing the rexoluiioa read, i uo not know that I
shall die relation my a^-serit. 1
The Clerk read the resolution as follows:
/■csolu'', 't'hat all spe«-ir.l otdei-j, t)j,j report", .a' com- :
mitU'f"., ami linal action upon thybdlx upon rbe Sp'-ak^fV :
t.11)!.:. b.  and tlic same! arc iK-r.-b} po--t;ioned until Friday
ncAf.
Mr. CLKVKLAXD. \ object m the introduc-
tion of that 1 fM dution.
Mr. JONi'S, of Tennc-^ee. 1 ol jec: to tlie first ;
part -)f it. T hope tho gentleman will modify it
so that it will read, " That the House will receive
on'v «uch reports as those m Irni^r them rnav de- 1
sire to h t v•"  referred to a Committee of the Whole
House 11/ the Committee of the Who!*1 on the '
state of the Union and lo have them printed." !
Mr. SAOKE'TT. If the Clerk will insert the
words " only such reports as may be referred to
the Committee of the Whole House or the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union," f
prt-sume there will be no farther objection to the
resolution.
Mr. CLEVELAND. I object to it.
Mr. ORR,. 1 am instructed by the Committee
on Public Lands to move to put the " Act granting
the right of way and a portion of the public lands
to the States of Florida and Alabama for the con-
struction of certain railroads in said States upon
its passage."
[Ones of" No!5' <(No!"]
The bill was read a first and second time by its
title, and then read through.
Mr. HUNTER. I inquire of the Chair v/hether
it is in order to move that that bill be referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union?
Mr. SPEAKER. It is; but the gentleman from
South Carolina, [Mr Orii,] who reported the
bib, is entitled to the floar.
[A message was here received from the President
of the United Stares, notifying the House that he
had approved and signed certain "bills.]
Mr, OUR. The bill reported from the Commit-
tee on Public LundvS this morning, and which has
just been read through, provides for the granting
of the right of way. and the donation of alternate
sections of the public land, to aid in the construc-
tion of two railroads—of more importance, in my
judgment, than any which have been referred to
that committee. The first road embraced within
the provisions of the bill will connect the Atlantic
coast \vifh the Gulf of Mexico, across the Penin-
sula of Florida. By its construction, in a national
point of view, "very useful and valuable purposes
will be subserved to ibe Government in time of
war, and important commercial advantages to the
ciU7ens of the United States in time of peace.
Two or three wur steameis of n foreign enemy,
stationed oifthe southern coast, and between that
and the West India Islands, would eilectunlly cut
off all naval eommunicaUon between the Gulf of
Mexico and the Atlantic. The pass there is a very
narrow one. This communication every one
knows to be of vast importance, in time of war, to
the Government. The road projected by this bill
will place the Government in a condition to keep
open the communication certainly and speedily.
The distance across the peninsula along this
road will be, perhaps, one hundred and fifty miles.
Upon this road tiie Government may have a safe
and speedy transportation of provisions or troops,
according to the emergency, and whenever it may
be desirable, the necessary munitions of war
within half n day. It often happens that time is
an important consideration in assailing a foreign
enemy on our shores, or in defending a given point
against a premeditated attack of the enemy, and
this road will really shorten the communication
between the Mississippi river and the Atlantic
coast several days, when compared with the time
now requited to lound the cape, even if there were
no obstructions on the eoaat. It is not at all im-
probable, in my juugmej.it, if this road is buib,
that much of the produce going out from the ports
of New Orleans and Mobile will, if a safe and
convenient harbor is found—and it is believed
there will be found such a harbor—go to the Fiori-
na co,>st m steamboats, be transported across the
peninsula, and be 1 eshinped in sail vessels to the
Atlantic ejties and Europe. The voyage will be
.shortened by the construction of this road and the
necessity of sailing vessels passing Key West anf.
Cape Florida—the most dangerevs part of the coast
of Ameiica- - will be entiiely obviated. There have
been more wrecks of merchant vessels on the coast
(if Flotitla than upon any other part of the coast
of the United States, not excepting that of North
Carolina, f have seen a statement, m which it is
estimated that the annual value of property de-
stroyed in makoigthepassagearound thesouthern
coast 5^ between £,3,000,000 and $5,000,000.
Mr. MEADE If thegentleman will allowme,
1 will suggest that cargoes from New York to New
Orleans, and from New Orleans to New York,
would scarcely bear the expense of transhipment.
I would also suggest, therefore, to him so to mod-
ify In* resohnion recommit as to embrace in-
structions t° the e jmmuiee to inquire into the ex-
pediency of constructing a ship canal across the
peninsula instead of a railroad.
Mr. ORR, I suppose the suggestion was made
