2376
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 26,
does pot stand upon the principle stated by the
honorable Senator from Illinois, [Mr. D«cglas.]
it is not an extension of a salary beyond the death
of the incumbent. The money is proposed to be
given in consideration of the value of these draw-
ings; and I put it to legal gentlemen M>say whether,
in truth or in fact, these drawings, which have
never been given to the public, are not piivate
property? I take it that they are.
Mr. CLEMENS. I would ask the Senator if
he has examined these drawings, and if he is a
competent judge of them ?
Mr. BELL. I do not pretend to any taste or
skill in this subject. I have not examined the
drawings.
Mr. CLEMENS. Then there is no evidence
in regard to them.
Mr. BELL. It will be recollected that the hon-
orable Senator from Indiana read the certificate of
Mr. Breckenridge, who is a most competent ru-
ral architect, it is said, in regard to these drawings.
But I will not detain the Senate. So far as I am
concerned, I would vote for striking out the pro-
viso in the amendment.
Mr. BORLAND asked for the yeas and nays
on the amendment; and they were ordered.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I cannot vote for the
amendment as it stands, because it proposes to
give the money to the widow, by way of pur-
chasing; drawings and designs which belong to the
administration. The amendmentis worded wrong.
I cannot vote for it in that point of view. It seems
to be the object to pay the widow, and not the ad-
ministrator, what of right belongs to the adminis-
trator.
Mr. SHIELDS. I understand that the widow
is the administrator in this case; so that it will be
all right.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. That does not alter the
case at all. If you give it to the administrator, if
it belongs to his property, it constitutes a part of
the administrator's fund to pay the debts, or to go
to the children. If you intend to make a donation
to the widow, I am opposed to it.
Mr. HUNTER. I would suggest, as there is
some difficulty about this subject, that we confine
the amendment, at present, to the arrears of sala-
ry. We can ascertain hereafter the value of the
plans. I move to strike out all that portion of
the amendment relating to the designs and draw-
ings.
Mr. BORLAND. I have no objection to that.
I am willing to vote for that. I therefore with-
draw the call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. PEARCE. If the amendment to the
amendment be adopted, it will be imperfect; for
the ratable proportion of the salary is not stated,
and I do not know that we can calculate it exactly
now. ] would propose that by general consent
the amendment be passed over till to-morrow |
morning, when, having calculated the proper I
amount, it can be considered again. I
No objection was made, and the amendment
was passed over. i
Mr. HAMLIN. The Committee on Commerce
have instructed me to offer the following amend-
ment to the bill:
For the erection of n custom-house at Waldoboro', t
Maine, ®I2,(K!0 ; to be expended under the direction of" the
Secretary of the Treasury, including the site, whose com '
pletion -hall not uxceed the sum of said appropriation ; and i
said cu-tom-house shall be exempt from nil taxes assessed 1
by the Slate of Maine. ;
The district for which this custom-house is pro- ,
posed, is the eighth in the United States; it is the 1
fifth in its enrolled tonnage, and the first in its ves- j
sels. The appropriation is recommended by the 1
Department, and is limited to $12,000. It was
unanimously adopted by the committee. :
Mr. BADGER. Do 1 understand the Senator
to say that this is the eighth custom-house pro-
posed to be erected in Maine ? [Laughter.] !
Mr. HAMLIN. No, sir: the district is the !
eighth in the United States. ;
The amendment was agreed to. ;
Mr. HAMLIN. The next amendment is also i
recommended by the Secretary of the Treasury,
and unanimously approved by the committee. It
is to add an additional section, as follows:
Sec. —. J}in' If it fv-rlhl? enacted, That the proi i-ions ,
of the 5th section of the act of March 3,1851, so funis they
i eiate to tiie rate of compensation of tile deputy coiieciors of
certain port^, bo. and the same are hereby, extended to tlie \
aenng deputy, mivai officers, and acting deputy surveyors '
of said ports: Provided, That no additional appropriation
shall be required for the collection of the revenue.
One or two years ago the Senate increased the
salary of the deputy collectors at Boston, New
York, Philadelphia, Baltimore, and New Orleans.
The amendment proposes to increase the pay of
the deputy naval officers and deputy surveyors at
those ports, and put them upon an equality with
the deputy collectors. It is recommended by the
Department, and I think it is just. It has met
with the full approval of the Committee on Com-
merce.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN. I move to amend the bill by
inserting the following:
For the purpose of sending a commercial agent to ex-
plore and examine the country on the Paraguay, South
America, $5,000; and the Secretary of the Navy be author-
ized to detaii one of the small vessels-of-war on the station
of Brazil, to convey said agent on said expedition.
I had a conference with the Secretary of the
Treasury in relation to this. He has sent me a
letter. There is no time now to go into the dis-
cussion of the subject, but I think I can call the
attention of the Senate in a single word to the
broad field in South America where the commer-
cial interests of the country may be extended.
The appropriation is simply to detail one of our
naval vessels, that are doing'little or nothing at
Brazil, and send some intelligent merchant into
that region, who shall make to us a report, to en-
able us to send what is wanted into that country,
the staple products of the southern States. I hope
it will be adopted.
Mr. HUNTER. That amendment is for the
appointment of an agent to make explorations.
I believe this will be the first time we have made
an appropriation for that purpose. 1 doubt the
propriety of commencing the policy at this time.
Mr. CLARKE. I hope this amendment will
not prevail. What do you propose to do> We
have not got one tenth part of Mexico. Here is
the whole of Central America, in regard to which
we are negotiating in conjunction with England;
and she, as usual, will take the lion's share. Here
is Brazil, an empire; and now my honorable
friend proposes to take Paraguay. Is he going to
come in upon us in the rear?
A Senator. A " fire in the rear!"
Mr. CLARKE. Yes, sir, a " fire in the rear,"
and he will not take a " hasty plate of soup" to
it. What are you going to do ? Send one of the
vessels from the Brazil station to explore Para-
guay ! Why, sir, it is as much as a man's life is
worth, and more than a vessel is worth, to under-
take to go there. It is a terra incognita, There
is nobody there, except a few scattered miscreants,
who have run away from the rest of South Amer-
ica. It is the last thing that ever should have been
proposed, to go to explore that place. Go to the
Cape of Good Hope, to the Bushmen, those little
fellows who are not more than three and half feet
high—go and open a communication there, if you
please, and get a reannexation on that side; but
talk about reannexing; Paraguay! [Laughter.] It
is at the very extremity of the earth, where all the
elements are united together for the destruction of
human life. Why, sir, I would prefer going over
the railroad which is across Panama, and which
kills about half those who cross it—and still the
stock is worth four hundred and forty percent.—
with the prospect of almost certain death, than
round Cape Horn. My honorable friend from
Maine, who owns the Aroostook—which we got
from Great Britain with the aid of General Scott—
and for that I think the Senator ought to vote for
him, [laughter]—wants to go down and take the
other end of the continent. It is the most extraor-
dinary proposition I ever heard of. If it was for
anything within the range of mortal man's con-
ception or knowledge, I would vote for it. [Laugh-
ter.] But when you come to go out of the land
of the living, I do think it is going too far.
Mr. HAMLIN. I desire to read an extract
from a letter from the Secretary of the Treasury:
" Great Britain has long since taken measures on the
subject, and has now a veiy extended and valuable com-
merce in that quarter, a large portion of which should legit-
imately belong to the United States. The Department is
not prepared to recommend that a special expedition should
be fitted out for the purpose, but would suggest that author-
ity should he granted by Congress to send a suitable mer-
cantile agent to make such necessary inquiries, and such
arrangements as he might deem advisable, or have power
to make. This agent might either go out m a private capa-
city, or, if Congress thought advisable, to clothe him with
official character, then as charge d'affaires, or commercial
agent. This Department suggests that one of the small
vessels-of-war on the Brazil station should be detailed for
the purpose of conveying liirn to the different points which
it might be desirous for linn to visit. An appropriation of
$5,000 or $6,000 would be necessary."
I only desire to say that the English Govern-
ment are and have been taking very efficient steps
towards securing the commerce of South America.
They have established a line of steamers, which
has but recently gone into effect, from Liverpool
to Brazil. We are nearer to Brazil, by steam,
some ten or twelve days, and we are almost as
near to it by sailing vessels as they are by steam.
Brazil, now, is our fifth commercial market. A
large quantity of the products of the southern
States are taken there. In this view, as a com-
mercial question—one in which the southern States
are interested—it is one which I think commends
I itself to the Senate.
j Mr. BADGER. I am willing to vote for the
! amendment; but I would suggest to the honorable
| Senator from Maine that the latter part of it, about
I detailing a vessel-of-war, ought to be striken out.
! That is the business of the President, and the
I Secretary wants no authority for it. If we make
j the appropriation it will have to be done.
| Mr. HAMLIN. I have no objection to the
j change; but 1 thought as this was somewhat of a
i commercial character, it might be proper to put
it in.
Mr. BADGER. I merely suggest that, as it is
the proper function of the President, as Com-
mander-in-Chief of the Navy, we cannot authorize
the Secretary to detail a vessel.
] Mr. HAMLIN. I have no objection to striking
! out all after the appropriation.
Mr. WELLER. I take it for granted that the
appointment of the agent to be sent out should not
i be made exclusively by the President; but that
the nomination ought to have the confirmation of
. the Senate. If itisof suflicientimportance to send
! an agent there for any purpose, I think it equally
important that the Senate should concur in the
i selection of the person. I do not know that I
i have any objection to interpose to the adoption of
; this proposition. I think it is very well that this
i Government should send an agent there, especially
for the purpose of watching the operations of the
; British Government. Now, every one who looks
1 at the condition of things on this continent must
! see that the British Government, despite of all
remonstrances, is intermeddling with affairs here.
We have contented ourselves with the reassertion
■ of the Monroe doctrine, that no European Gov-
ernment shall interfere with affairs on this conti-
; nent. While we are standing upon that abstract
declaration, the British Government is practically
! interfering with them; and I regret very much
| that the policy of this Administration has been to
i invite the interference of foreign Governments in
' the affairs of this continent. So far from carrying
| out the doctrine avowed by Mr. Monroe, you
I have found, in 1850, that the Administration now
i in power invited the English Government to enter
into a convention in regard to Costa Rica; and
, recently the Government of the United States and
' Great Britain have entered into a convention in
, order to determine the rights of Costa Rica and
i Nicaragua, to define the boundaries of those inde-
pendent governments on this continent. What I
i object to is this policy of inviting the British Gov-
| ernmentto enter into treaties with us; for I think
] the Government of the United States has assumed
| a position now where she has a right to claim to
' be the arbiter of all questions which may arise on
| this continent. I think that the Government of
i the United States is competent to adjust all those
j questions, without calling for the intervention of
j the British Government. But you have had this
i state of things existing, that, while the Republic
I of Nicaragua have had a full minister here, prop-
< erly accredited to the Government, this Govern-
; ment has entered into a convention with the Brit-
ish Government to pass upon the rights of the
State of Nicaragua, precluding that minister from
I any agency in the affair. This, in my judgment,
1 is all wrong. I desire therefore to present this
; distinct question to the Senate, that, while we are
! avowedly standing upon the Monroe doctrine, the
whole policy of the Government for the last four
or five years has been to invite the interference of
foreign Governments in questions which belong
exclusively to the continent, and which ought to
be decided by the United States.
