1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2877
Mr. HAMLIN. I will modify my amendment
so that it will read as follows:
For the purpose of sending a commercial agent, to be
appointed by the President, by and with the advice and
consent of tile Senate, to explore and examine the country
on the Paraguay, South America, $5,000.
I hope the Senate will allow the question to be
taken.
Mr. CLARKE. I see no necessity for inserting
the clause " by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate. I have no objection to it myself,
but I do not think it necessary to put it in.
Mr. ADAMS. I rise to a question of order.
Is there any provision in the rules of the Senate
by which we can get to a vote upon this question ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No, sir.
Mr. ADAMS. I give it up, then.
Mr. CLARKE. My honorable friend from Cal-
ifornia has talked about the connection between
this country and Great Britain, in regard to Costa
Rica. He talks about the Monroe declaration,
that no foreign Government should be permitted
to establish any new colonies here. Does my
honorable friend recollect that that very proposi-
tion against foreign Governments colonizing any
portion of this continent came from Great Britain?
When the Continental Congress was sitting at
Vienna, if my memory serves me right, there was
a proposition made by Spain, and other Govern-
ments 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
will confine himself to the amendment under con-
sideration.
Mr. CLARKE. If the President will allow me
to take the same latitude which has been taken by
others, I should get to Paraguay shortly, but if !
not,! must stop either at the equator or here My [
own point is 32 S20. That is the initial point from 1
whence 1 start. [Laughter.] I
I was going on to say that at the time the Con- ;
gress of Vienna sat, a proposition was made by
the Spanish and Portuguese Governments, that
the Holy Alliance should combine to restore to
them their colonies upon the American continent.
To that principle Great Britain objected; and it!
was by the proposition of Great Britain herself to
the American Government, when Mr. Adams was
Secretary of State, and Mr. Monroe President, that
that declaration was made by Mr. Monroe. It
has been established as the American doctrine, and
is now proclaimed as the Monroe declaration. It
was Great Britain herself which suggested to the
United States the impropriety of allowing the Holy
Alliance to interfere in any regulations on this con- ;
tinent, or to allow any other arbiter upon it.
Such is the Monroe declaration, and upon such
has the Government of the United States continued
its policy until the present day. But, it seems that j
this Administration has entered into some corre-
spondence with Great Britain, (so say the public j
papers,) in which the boundaries of certain States
in Centra] America have been regulated by a joint
convention between this Government and Great
Britain. 1 ask, if such is the understanding, )
whether it will be proper for the United States, at -
this time, to proceed beyond the boundaries of.
civilization, send an ae;ent to look after a place for
habitable men, and take possession of it, and in- |
troduce commercial relations with a people of
whom we know nothing, without any understand-
ing with Great Britain ? [Laughter.] Sir, this is
worse than the fisheries. I object to bringing in
these extreme measures. This is extreme, for it
goes to Cape Horn. 1 am opposed to it. It is
not worth $5,000. Not that I am unwilling that
some gentleman, a friend of the Administration, j
should have it as an outfit for this commercial
agency. There would be just as much necessity
for an outfit here, as in the ease of the Commis-
sioner to China. Under these circumstances, I
am apposed to it upon every principle of policy.
I cannot see that we have anything to do with
Paraguay. There is nothing there that you want;
and you have nothing that they are able to pay
for. Why, then, open this intercommunication
with the extremities of the earth? If you want
an exploring expedition, send it out. If you want
anybody to go there with an army, I know who
will command it, and take possession of the
country, and then come up and take possession of
Brazil. [Laughter.] But, it is not worth while to
do it. I am really opposed to the amendment,
and hope the Senate will not agree to it.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. HAMLIN. I move to alfiend the bill by
inserting the following:
For the salary of the Commissioner to the Sandwich
Islands, $5,000 per annum, from the time when he assumed
the duties of his office at said Islands.
The amendment is designed to make the salary,
which is fixed by this bill, apply to all the time
that the Commissioner has held his office. It is
based on the recommendation of the Secretary of
State. The papers were forwarded to the chair-
man of the Committee on Foreign Relations, but
by some inadvertence they have been lost. Having
examined them, however, I believe the chairman
will say he concurs in my suggestion. There is
also another proposition before the committee, to
make an additional payment to the officer who
preceded the one who now holds the office. The
reason for this may be stated in a few words.
The present Commissioner is Mr. Severance, of
the State of Maine. He went there soon after the
discovery of gold in California; and I tlunk my
honorable friend from California will tell the Sen-
ate, what I could tell them if 1 would take the
trouble to read a letter which I have received here,
that nearly the same prices were paid for provis-
ions in the Sandwich Islands that were paid in
California. The extraordinary price of living is so
much increased there, that the amount ot the sal-
ary has not supported the man's family during the
time he has been there. These are the reasons
why I offer the amendment.
Mr. HUNTER. I raise a question of order.
This relates to a salary for past services. We
have decided, in relation ;o all claims of that, sort,
that they come under the rule which prevents the
receiving of private claims as amendments to gen-
eral appiopnation bills. If we adopt this, and
open the door for that class of amendments, I do
not know when we shall get through with the bill.
I hope the Senate will adhere to the rules for the
purpose of protecting the bill from the multitude
of amendments which may be offered. If this is
received, there will be a large class of amendments
coming in, I have no sort of doubt, in relation to
other diplomatic agents. The rule which has gov-
erned us has been, that the appropriations in this
bill are to provide only for carrying out the provis-
ions of some existing law, or treaty, or the cur-
rent services of the year. The claim for past ser-
vices comes under the character of a private claim,
and ought to be introduced as a separate measure.
Unless we adhere to this rule, I do not know when
we will get through with the bill. I hope the
amendment will be ruled out.
Mr. WELLER. I do notsee the ground upon
which it can be ruled out. The Secretary of State
has recommended the increase of the salary of the
Commissioner to the Sandwich Islands. Whether
that recommendation has been sent to the commit-
tee, I do not undertake to say. I may say, how-
ever, that the Department has recommended the
increase, and every one who knows anything about
the matter, knows that it is absolutely necessary
thatthe compensation should be increased. It is
impossible for the Commissioner to subsist in -the
most common way upon the allovvanceth.it isnow
made to him from the National Treasury.
Mr. HUNTER. I do not object to the amend-
ment, so far as it proposes to mcrejse the salary
for the present year. But when we attempt to
compensate for past services, it conies within the
rule, and is prohibited from being offered as an
amendment, whether recommended by a commit-
tee or not.
Mr. WELLEIi. The question is, whether it is
to be regarded as a private claim, and whether the
fact that it proposes to make allowances for ser-
vices already rendered, constitutes it d private claim
within the rule. I think not. I do not see that it
affects the principle, whether it be for past son ices,
or for services to be rendered m future. The Chair,
however, can decide the question.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I desire to ask the chair-
man of the Committee on Finance whether his ob-
jection extends to a case of this sort: The Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations had the claims of a
good many persons before them, who a"ted in the
capacity of charge* at different points. They were
consuls. The' charges at those point-', pet haps,
were removed, and these consuls performed their
duties. They now ask such compensation as i^ al-
lowed to charges. As the committee have intended
to present an amendment to that effect, I ask, does
the objection of the chairman of the Committee on
Finance extend to all such cases? Will it rule
them out, so that no allowance can be made for
the compensation which they have actually earned
by performing the duties of the office?
Mr. HUNTER. If the services were rendered
within the current year it would not make them
out of order. But if they are for past allowances,
say four or five years ago, f think they would be
ruled out. They would be claims not arising
under any law or treaty, but from an equitable
consideration. Theie is a distinction between
claims for past services and for services for the
current year; because the bill is to make appro-
priations for the present year.
Mr. MASON. I would suggest to the Senator
from Kentucky that it would be better not to try
the question whether the appropriations which the
Committee on Foreign Relations intend to ask for
do or do not come within the rule until they are
presented. I shall present them presently, and
shall endeavor to show that they do not come
within the rule.
Mr. BADGER. I desire to say one word upon
the question of order, not upon the merits of the
case itself. Tt is of a little importance that we
should have some understanding on this subject.
I do not understand that any exposition which has
been gi\en to the rule by the Senate has excluded
the consideration of the amount of compensation
due to public officers now holding office, whether
that compensation is to be simply prospective, or
to go back previous to the bill. If this gentleman
were out of office—if he were a private man com-
ing and asking us for additional compensation for
services rendered while he as in the employment
of the Go\ ernment, it would be the case of a private
claim. Ihit I cannot understand tbat.the legisla-
tive enactment of this body respecting the com-
pensation of a public officer of the Government,
whether <t relates to past or to future compensa-
tion, Ccin be considered of the nature of a private
claim. 1 think we had better vote upon the amend-
ment upon its mei its.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bright
in the chair.) The amendment is clearly retro-
spective in its operation. It is for past services.
In the opinion of the Chair it comes within the
rule, and theiefoie is out of older.
Mr. RUSK. I appeal from the decision of the
Chair. I take it to be demonstrable beyond ques-
tion that tb:s man is in office, and we propose to
raise his salary. If any gentleman will read the
bill he will Jind that there ai e half a dozen such
cases in it, as it came from the House.
Mr, HUNTER. No doubt of that.
Mr. RUSK There are appropriations in it for
past serwees. This amendment is in effect to
raise the salary of a public officer. That we have
0 light to do. We have a right certainly to make
the inert ase of the salary retrospective. The
amendnmnt also proposes to pay for arrearages of
salary to the officer. It seems to me most clearly
that it is not w it In u the i ule.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
can he do :!<Ied by submitting to the Senate whether
they will receive the amendment.
' The Senate decided to receive the am^iulmeiv,
and it was agreed to.
Mr. BELL. I move to amend the hill by in-
serting at the end of the appropriations for carry-
ing on the public seivice, the following:
And the romnn^iorcr of tlv General Land Office is
h«'r-*t«v authorized to e,iM--e >-iich-mrvcv<. and re u!\ey& to
It.'1 'it.uU: w whin the ^p«tc e of lifter*n mile-, in wnltli on each
oi'J" <x!' tin.' "Vtohilr rind Ohio milrond, in the States of Ala
Ihriui ami Mi-si^-ippi, and in ail other dt-tricts, whcie the
ofli-'O o! -uue\or general lias been abolished ; and that for
the l-'<i-rtli ol the line of .-.ud inihoad through the Chickasaw
re-fi vat ion, m s-aid State ot Mississippi, in lieu of alternate
>(etion«. l"i- °i.\ inile-> in widih through said re«oi vation, an
emml (pKomty may be selected within fifteen mile of the line
o! Nrt:<l io\(! in tin- States of Wi--.wf.ippi and Alabama • Pro-
1 f\ Tluu no land - hull be granted to one State within the
limits of n c opii'j. and fiiat said land «-liail be received on
tlii- t ond•funi -p'"!({<•(' in the oct of Contacts approved
Air. HUNTER. Ik there any law or estimate
for that5 This [ understand is additional ap-
prnnrintion ofland for 5 r. llroad.
Mr. BELL. The ^erjitor is mistaken. It is
not for an additional appropriation It >> n>>t the
amendment whHi I •ubioiited to the Commiuee
on Finon-je. I wpi\---d tnat, because I found u
would meet \\*th opposition. The act of 1852.
appropri' nn;c a poring of the public lands forthe
railroad fiom Cairo to Mobile, which is a contm-
