1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1513
by my friend from "Virginia in good faith; but the
Committee on the Judiciary, I judge, would be
about as proper a committee to which to refer the
proposition as the Committee on Public Lands,
if my friend feels a great interest in the proposi-
tion, I hope he will move a resolution of instruc-
tions to the Committee on the Judiciary to inquire
into it, and no doubt it will have their special at-
tention.
Mr. MExVDE. It is not within the province of
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. ORR. Nor that of the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands. My reasons for venturing the spec-
ulation that produce will be carried over this road
from New Orleans, Mobile, and Galveston, aie
founded m the fact that the transportation between
the.se cities and the western terminus of the rail-
road could be successfully carried on in steam-
boats, not of the first class and highest cost, but
of smaller value; and that insurance upon every
cargo would be considerably reduced m conse-
quence of the diminished time and perils of the
•voyage, whilst, at the present time, the transport-
ation is carried on in sailing vessels around the
cape, exposed to the caprice of the winds and
waves driving them upon the reefs and bars Sail-
ing vessels would find a safe and convenient har-
bor at or ndtr the mouth of the St. Mary's river,
the eostern terminus of the railroad, and that point
would be the great depot wheie sailing \essels
would load for every part of> Uncommercial world,
having unladen their freights for the Gulf States
and the Great West, watered by the Mississippi
and its tributaries. The saving of time and the
reduction of insurance would, perhaps, pay the
expenses of shipment.
But, Mr. Speaker, whether the produce trans-
ported from the ports of I>7ev/ Orleans, Mobile, and
Galveston, and the goods shipped from New Yoik,
Philadelphia, Boston, Baltimore, and Charleston,
would pass across the railroad, is a matter of con-
jecture; but in time of war, with the passage be-
tween the Gulf and the Atlantic entirely cut off, I
ask whether*our Army and its supplies might not
be constrained to pass over that route by slow
marches, ten days through sand and hmYimueks
without a railroad, or with steam in halt a day
with a railroad? They would be transmitted cer-
tainly and speedily, and without heavy expense
*10 the Government. Besides, if it weie necessary,
a lan;e force could be concentrated at the mouth ot
the Mississippi river from the East; or, vice vnsa,
a large force could be thrown on the Atlantic coast
from the "West. Is the hill, t«<en, not woithy of
your favorable consideration and action r
So much for the first road embraced within the
provisions of this bill. It is proposed to start the
road somewhere about the mouth of the St. Miirv's
river, and from thence to strike ihe Gulf at the most
eligible point, which, ( presume, will i>tj on Tatnpi
Bay. The State of Florida has pnn i<W for taking
stock in the road ; and a survey is being made under
the supervision of a board of engineers ofthatState.
This road passes over some ninety or one hun-
dred miles of pine country, a barren wilderness.
I examined, a few days ago, a map of Florida, pre-
pared at the Land OtSce, showing all the unen-
tered lands in that State, and found a tier of seven
townships of public lands, ovei which tins road
would run, where there has not been a solitary 1
acre entered, although it has been in market hn !j
the last twenty years. It will not be enteral f r
the next fifty yeats, unless you afford to the prod- n
ucts of the forest facilities for transportation to jj
market. The products of its forests will be tor- j
pentwe, pitch, tor, and lumber. The holds will j1
become valuable by the pos&uge through them of j:
this road, and may he sold. The persons pur- j!
chasing will be enabled to transport their products !;
to the'Gulf, or to the Atlantic coast, and ihese \.
facilities wilt he the sole consideration of their en-
hanced value. Tii.it is the description oi'country
through which the road passes. One hundred j
miles which this rosd traverses ;s a.-* poor c pine, i,
barren desert as can b  imagined. The proband- J"
ity is, that if you construct this road, tin*? land ;!
will be enhanced in vahie ho as to bring to the I
Government 5') an acre, when now it would not j'
bring ten cents. _ !
I shall not repeat the argument which 1 had the j,
honor to make the early part of the session in fa- I:
vor of the general policy of donating public lands ;i
to lailroads. That question tats been pretty fully ;
discussed, and 1 do not know that I have any- ::
thing new to add to what was then said. The
second road provided for in this bill, for there are
two, was from Pensacola Bay up to Montgomery
in the State of Alabama, with a branch thrown out
in the direction of the Chattahoochee ri\er, to in-
tersect with one of the Georgia roads, somewhere
in the direction of Albany, in that State. That
road will be perhaps seventy, eighty, or one hun-
dred miles in length. There is but little public
land through which it passes, but that is of the
same poor quality of which i have spoken. It is
important that you should have a certain and
speedy communication from the ulterior with Pen-
sacola. You have expended at Pensacola already
some two or three millions of dollars in building
up there a dry-dock and the establishment of a
naval station.
For the distance of fifty miles around Pensa-
cola, there is not productive land in sufficient
quantity to furnish provisions enough for the
workmen and persons connected with the Navy,
who are located at that point. It would be the
easiest matter in the woild, in time of war,for an
enemy to throw a few hundred men in the rear of
your works there, and besiege the city of Pensa-
cola, and take possession of your naval station;
because provisions must be transported either
along the Gulf to this point, or they must come
from the interior of Georgia and Alabama. Give
them this railroad, penetrating up to Montgom-
ery, where it connects with other railroads m the
State of Alabama, with a branch thrown out to
the Georgia railroads, and you furnish facilities
for buppiying that station expeditiously and
cheaply with provisions, and, if necessary, with
men in abundance, to defend that station, who
will pour down from Georgia, Alabama, and Ten-
nessee. The two roads, with the branch upon
the road connecting the Atlantic and the Gulf of
Mexico added together, will make about one mil-
lion six or seven hundred thousand acres of public
lands. I venture the assertion—and I will call the
attention of the gentleman from Florida [Mr.
Caecll) to the remark, for he feels a deeper local
interest in this bill than I do—that the one million
and six hundred thousand acres of public lands,
if they were put in market, would not bring upon
an average to the public Treasury, ten cents per
acre. If ihegentlemanfromVlonda [Mr. Cabell]
gets the floor after i shall have concluded, 1 de-
sire him to state whether the conjecture I have
ventured is not true.
Mr. BRIUGS. Has not the morning hour ex-
pired 3
The SPEAKER. It has, and the first busi-
ness in order is the motion submitted by the gen-
tleman from Tennessee [Mr. Harris] to suspend
the rules to introduce a resolution fixing the day
for a final adjournment.
Mr. ORR. When this matter is resumed again,
will I be entitled to the tioor?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will be en-
titled to the floor.
Mr. BR1GGS. Will it be in order for me to
ask for the unanimous consent of the House to
offer a resolution ? j
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I rise to a ques- :
tion of order. Was there not a motion made to
proceed to the busmess on the Speaker's table: j
The SPEAKER. There was not. j
Mr. JONES. Tnen the floorcould not be taken i
from the gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Orr] |
for any other purposed j
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that the j
iicor could be taken from the gentleman from j
South Carolina at the expiration of the morning j
hour to consider*! privileged question. This being j
Monday there is a privileged question pending, ]
wnich is the motion made by the gentleman from j
Tennessee [Mr. Harris] to suspend the rules that
he may introduce a resolution fixing a day foi the
tii.al adjournment of Congress. The gentleman
from New York [Mr. Briggs] addressed the
Chair, and ai^keu the unanimous consent of the
House tf  enable him to submit a proposition.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. Is the motion I
submitted on lf&t Monday, the icgular order of
business^
The SPEAKER, it is.
Mr. HARRIS. Then 1 call for the rcgutai or-
der of business.
Mr. CABELL, of Florida. 1 ask the attention
of the gentleman fiom Tennessee, [Mr. Harris;]
I desire to submit a motion, that by unanimous
consent the bill which has been under considera-
tion this morning may be printed.
Mr, JONES, I move that it_be referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and be printed.
The SPEAKER. There is already a proposi-
tion pending to commit.
Mr. ORR. I suspect the gentleman cannot
make that motion. I am entitled to the floor.
The SPEAKER. That is true.
Mr. JONES. The gentleman from South Car-
olina [Mr. Orr] did not yield to the gentleman
from Florida, [Mr. Cabell,] to make any motion
about it.
Mr. CABELL. I ask the unanimoils con-
sent 
Mr. JONES. I will make this remark": If the
gentleman will make a motion to postpone this
bill to Tuesday next, as the other one was, and to
print it, I will not object to it.
Mr. CABELL. I am willing to acquiesce in
anvthing which may he the sense of the House.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Florida
[Mr. Cabell] asks that the bill be printed. The
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] moves
that it he postponed until Tuesday. By unan-
imous consent either or both of these motions can
be entertained.
Mr. C-'t BELL. I will state-to the gentleman,
that it is not the purpose of the friends of this bill
to demand the previous question. They are satis-
fied that the bi!! has merits, and that it will pass
the House upon a full discussion. We may as
well go on with the discussion of this matter in a
thin House. We do not propose to call the pre-
vious question.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. I call for the
regular order of business.
i)r. ORR. As there seems to be an indisposi-
tion to act upon this bill in a thin House, I will
consent, with the unanimous approbation of the
House, that this bill which we have been discuss-
ing shall be postponed until Tuesday week, and
he printed.
The SPEAKER. The Chair hears no objec-
tion, and the order will be so entered upon the
Journal. t
Mr. WALSH. I rise to a privileged motion.
On Sdtui dav there was a report from the Commit-
tee on Public Lands unfavorable to the memorial
of the defenders of Baltimore, asking for bounty
land. I wish to make a motion to recommit it,
with instructions, I make the motion to recon-
sider the vote by which that unfavorable report
was laid upon the table.
The SPEAKER. That motion will be entered
upon the Journal, but the vote cannot now be re-
considered . '
ADJOURNMENT SINE DIE.
The SPEAKER. The question pending is the
motion of the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Harris,] to suspend the rules, for the purpose of
introducing a resolution for the final adjournment
of this body.
The resolution was then read, as follows:
Itc.nlvrJ, (llu: Heimte concuriing,) That this {louse ad-
journ lUtc die on. the fir.- r Mobility of Au^t, at twelve
o'clock, m
Mr. HOUSTON. I propose to amend the res-
olution, so as to make it the 19th of July. I propose
10 strike outthe words " first Monday of August,"
and insert. "19th of July."
Mr. SACKETT. I move to postpone this
question until Monday next.
Mr. STANTOX, of Ohio. Is it in order for
the gentleman to make that motion while the
House is dividing?
Mr. SACKETT. ! wish to inquire of the
Chair if it is in order to move to postpone the con-
sideration of this resolution mini Monday next'
The SPEAKER, it is m order.
Mr. SACKETT. I make that motion, then,
considering ihe thin state of the House.
Mr. CLl'XGMAN. Would not a motion for
die previous question take precedence of this mo-
tion of the gentleman from New York? [Mr.
Sackett. |
The SPEAKER. It would; and would cut off
the motion to postpone.
Mr. CLi>T(iMi.N. ' move the previovs ques-
tion.
Mr. ORR. I would like to ask the gentleman
from Alabama [Mr. Houston] a question, that I
