1514
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 81,
"may vote understanding^ upon this subject. I .
desire^to inquire of thechairman of the Committee >
on Ways and Means whether it is-probable we
can Dass the appropriation bills, and pass them (
understanding!/, if weadjourn at so eartya period j
as that indicated by him ? :
Mr. HOUSTON. The only reply I will make j
to the gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Orr] i
is: I think it almost improbable that we will pass !
the appropriation bills understanding^ at any J
period within the next twelve months. If we will i
go to work, as gentlemen ought to do, we can
pass the appropriation bills, and everything else,
fn one month from to-day, and give them proper
investigation. That is my opinion. j
Mr. ORR made a suggestion not heard by the j
Reporter. j
Mr. CLINGMAN. If the House will allow |
me, I can answer the inquiry of the gentleman !
from South Carolina, [Mr. Orr,] by reminding j
him that when we passed the appropriation bills j
the fust session of the last Congress, we took them
up in the middle of September, and adjourned on
the last day of the month. We passed the appro-
priation bills at the last session within the last
three weeks, and surely we can pass them now
in two months. I move the previous question. ^
Mr. SACKETT. If the previous question is
to be moved, considering the thin state of the
House, I move to lay the whole subject on the
table.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. I demand the
yeas and nays, and tellers on the yeas and ndys.
Mr. HARRIS. I will, for a moment, with-
draw my call for the yeas and nays, and let the
question he taken upon the motion of the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Sacxett.]
The question was then put upon the motion to
lay the resolution upon the table; and there were—
ayes 51, noes 58.
Mr. HART. 1 demand tellers upon the motion
to lay the resolution upon the table.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Harris,, of [
Tenneseee, and Moore, of Louisiana, were ap-
pointed.
The question was then put, and upon a division,
there were—ayes 68? noes 50.  
Mr.HIBBARD. I demand the yeasand nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.'
Mr. 1 IQtTSTON. * Gentlemen think that the;
amendment I propose is standing m the way of j
this resolution, and I will therefore, by the consent i
of the House, withdraw it. ]
The question was again taken, and resulted— I
yeas 56, nays 98; as follows: I
YEAS—Messrs. Bennett, Bisscll,T!r>wno, Brass, Bushy,
R. Oatrinjiion Cnhrll, Ohnmllrr, Clark, (Jone<>i, Kvan«, (
Floiencf, Flow!, Usivloul, (iuodenow. (Jrev, S<impcon W. j
HariJ^ Ti.nv^ finMoid, Thoma* Y. How, Jr'nkiin, John 1
Johnson, J Gl.u c\ Jones, G. Kmib, Piston King, |
Kulm>, I>tcIkt, Mnor\ McJJnn.ild, MrMtillin, McXair, i
Million, Henrv I) Mooio, John Monio, Orr, Sam- ,
uel W. Parker, lYnn, Penrmnan, Rnntoul, Ros«, Russell, I
Fackett, Solioonnmker, Sruiry, Sm<ut, Snow, Stanlv, A. |
P. Stovpn*, Rtrothor, Taylor, Thnmton, Walsh, Ward, ;
Welch. Alexander White, and Williame—56. :
NAYS—IVfe^^rs, Ahereroinlne, Aiken, Ctwule* Allen, !
Willis. Allen, AlJi^on, Aveictt, Bftbcoek,Thomas II. Bavlv, i
Jlarrete, Bell, ttowns Rientnn, Blistt-, Albeit G Rrown, 1
Buuow% Caldwell, Lewi* I). Campbell,Caitter, Chapman,
Ohnrchwell, Cleveland, <.Mui<zm:ui, Cobb, CoU oek, Oott- J
man, Curha, John G Davis, Dean, Don, Dimean, Kast- J
man, Ed'jerton, I'Mmumlson, Fowler, Gamble, Gentiy, ,
Guiding",'Green, Giow, Hall, Hamilton, Hammond, JSham
G. Harris Ifait, Ma-calL Haven, U<%baid, Hcndncks llib-
hard, (Jolhniav, Houston, John W Hour, Thorna* m.
Howe, ffuutrr, Iii^;rsoU, fver*. Jackson, Andrew Johnson, ,
James Johnson, Robert W Johnson. Geoige W. Jones, [
Kurtz, Landry, flumphtoy .M<u?liall, Ma^on, MoLan.ihan,
McQueen. Meade, Miller, Morehenrt. Murphy, Newton, !
(.Hd-5, Outlaw. Pea^lee, Powell, Price, Riddle, Robbing
Rolne, Seiulder, David L. y«\\>nom, Orisren ri. Seyinonr,
Skelton, Smith, lienjannn S-tanton, Alexandei II. Ste-
phen's,Stratton,Toouib*-,Town'-hei-d, Venable, VYalhridpe,
Wallace.. Washburn, Watkms, Wildnek, Woodward, and
Yates—98. ,
So the resolution was not laid upon the table. I
Mr. HARRIS, I propose to modify the reso-
lution tli.it 1 offered. I propose to add the word
" next," immediately .after the word J< August," j
so thdl the resolution will read " the first Monday ;
iii August next." j
Mr. CLlXGiVf AN. I ask that the resolution |
he read as modified.
The resolution was read by the Clerk, as fol-
lows:
Reeved, (with the conemrenec of the Senate,) That the
President of the Senate and Speakei of tlie Uou-eof Repre-
sentatives close the paesciit faction of Congress, by an
adjournment of their respective Houses, on Monday, the
second day of August next, at the lioui oi twelve o'clock, m.
Mr. HUNTER. I move a call of the House;
and upon that motion I demand the yeas and
nays.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. The House is
dividing upon a call tor the previous question.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order to address
the Chair while the House is dividing. If the gen-
tleman from' Georgia insists upon it, the Chair
will enforce the rule.
Mr. STEPHENS. I insist upon it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Georgia
insists upon the execution of the rule, which de-
clares that it is not in order to address the Chair
while the House is being divided. Being insisted
on, the Chair must enforce the rule.
Mr. HUNTER. Will the Chair have the
120th rule read ? If understand it, it is this: " Any
time before the second is ordered," &c.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
is not the question of order made by the gentle-
man from Georgia. The question of order is, tiiat
the gentleman had no right under the rule to ad-
dress the Chair while he was in the act of dividing
the House.
Mr. HUNTER. Clearly under that decision,
I have the right now.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has not the
right now, for the Chair is supposed to be in the
act of dividing the House until a division is made.
Mr. SACKETT. is it in order to move the
postponement of the consideration of the resolu-
tion?
The SPEAKER. It is not in order to address
the Chair unul the House has divided.
The question was then put upon seconding the
call for the previous question, and there were—ayes
57, noes 56.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Clingman,
and Harris of Tennessee, were appointed.
A count was again taken upon seconding the
call for the previous question, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes G3, noes 50; no quorum voting.
Mr. ROBBINS. I demand the yeas and nays.
[Cries of "Let us adjourn!"]
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I wish to
inquiie of the Chair if this resolution, should the
the House now adjourn, would not come up in
order on next Monday?
The SPEAKER. The Chair doubts if it will
not come up in order before that time. The Chair
is inclined to the opinion that it will go upon the
table, but he will decide that question when it
arises.
Mr. SACKETT. I desire to introduce a reso-
lution.
Mr. ROBBINS objected.
Mr. SACKETT. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House that it may be read.
It was objected to.
The SPEAKER. There is no quorum to do
business.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. The resolution
offered by myself, I believe, is not debatable.
The SPEAKER. It is not debatable.
Mr. HARRIS. Then I hope the gentleman
from North Carolina [Mr. Clivgman] will with-
draw his demand for the previous question.
Mr. CLINGMAN. 1 withdraw my demand
for the previous question. The resolution will be
open to amendment, and I ask the yeas and nays
upon its passage.
Mr. SACKETT. I move to postpone the con-
sideration of the resolution until Monday next.
Mr. SMART. There is no quorum to do busi-
ness.
The SPEAKER. If the Chair is called upon
to enforce the rule strictly, he must decide that
theie is no House here to do business, and that a
motion to adjourn, or to compel the attendance of
absent members, are the only motions in order.
Mr. MOREHEAD. 1 move a call of the House.
Mr. EVANS. I do not think it is right, when
our Democratic friends are at Baltimore, to enforce
their attendance here. [Laughter.] 1 move that
the House adjourn.
Mr. SACKETT. I offer the following resolu-
tion, and ask that it be read for information.
The resolution was read by the Clerk, as fol-
lows:
Resolved, That when tliis House iuljounib to-inoirow, it
adjourn to meet on Friday next.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I object.
Mr. SACKETT. I move to suspend the rules.
The SPEAKER. It is moved that the House
do now adjourn. - That question must be first put.
Mr. SACKETT. We ought to adjourn over
merely as a matter of courtesy.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's resolution
will alter the standing order of the House. It will
be competent for this House to adjourn, and a
motion would be perfectly in order to adjourn
from to-day until Thursday next, or until Wed-
nesday next; but it is not competent for this
House to make the change proposed by the reso-
lution, which is, that when this House adjourn
to-morrow it will be to meet on Friday next.
The question was taken upon the motion to ad-
journ, and it was disagreed to, there being, upon
a division—ayes 66, noes 77.
The SPEAKER. There is no quorum to do
business.
Mr. MOREHEAD. I withdraw my motion
for a call of the House.
Mr. SACKETT. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to introduce my resolution.
It was objected to.
Mr. SAC KETT. I move to susppnd the rules.
Mr. CLINGMAN. We are noi^acting under
the suspension of the rules, on a resolution, and,
therefore, I insist that another motion to suspend
the rules would not be in order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that.
The proposition of the gentleman from North Car-
olina [Mr Ci.ingman] is correct, that the business
to be considered is the resolution offered by the
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Harris,] which
was admitted under a suspension of the rules.
Mr. CLINGMAN. 1 ask the yeas and nays
upon that resolution.
Mr. HIBBARD. Is not a motion to adjourn a
privileged one, and in order?
The SPEAKER. It is a privileged motion.
Mr. HIBBARD. I propose to make a motion
' that when this House adjourns to-day it adjourn
i to meet on Thursday next.
Mr. HOUSTON. That is the very day on
which we do not want to meet. If anybody goes
to Baltimore no one wishes to come back on
Thursday.
The question was then put on the motion to
adjourn until Thursday next, and, on a division?
there were—ayes 65, noes 60.
Mr. DUNCAN. I demand the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is not
competent for the House, unless it changes-one of
its rules, which requires, as every one knows, a
suspension of the rules to pass the resolution pro-
posed by the gentleman from New York, which
is, to provide for the adjournment to-morrow. It
is in order, under a special rule of the House, to
move to fix the time of the adjournment when the
House adjourns to-day.
! Mr. SACKETT, Will it be in order to move
that when the House meets to-morrow it adjourn
j to meet on Friday next? I know that we have
j passed such resolutions frequently.
I The SPEAKER. If two thirds of this body
1 will suspend the rules. The rule to which the
j gentleman has reference reads as follows:
| "A motion to adjourn, and a motion to fix the day at
| winch the House shall adjourn, shall be always m order."
j Mr. HIBBARD. If 1 rightly understand it,
j the proposition of the gentleman from New York
I is to ask the unanimous consent of the House to
■ introduce that resolution.
' Mr. CARTTER. I rise to a question of order.
! I wish to know what question is pending before
■ the House ?
Mr. HIBBARD. I wish to inquire of the Choir
if the gentleman from New York [Mr. Sackett]
1 has made a proposition, and, if so, what it is?
■ The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
] York rose in his place to ask the unanimous con-
' sent of the Houso to allow him to offer a resolu-
' tion which proposes that when this House adjourns
; on to-morrow it adjourn to meet again on Friday-
next. The Chair decides that it is not a privileged
' motion, and cannot be entertained without a sus-
pension of the rules. It is not now in order to move
i a suspension of the rules, because the House is
j now acting- under a suspension of the ruiss. The
;! gentleman" from New Hampshire [Mr. Hibjurd]
i; moves that when the House adjourns to-day—
H which is a privileged motion under the rule 1 have
l! just read—it adjourn to meet on Thursday next;
