1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
603
raised so much that it amounted to the sum of
$5,467, being within $1,319 of the entire cost of
the invoices. The duty under the previous act
would have been $2,200 only. The goods were
shipped within three or four days after thepassage
of the act, befoie the news of that event could have
been receiver] in Liverpool, or before the order for
the goods could in any way be countermanded.
The petitioner, under these circumstances, applies
for relief. It appears that Congress has in a simi-
lar case, that of John F. Lewis, in 1836, refunded
the difference between the duties under the differ-
ent tariffs, under similar circumstances.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope that this bill will not
pass.- Although, perhaps, an isolated act may be
found to have been passed, involving the same
principle as this, I apprehend that if we could
trace the history of petitions of this kind, we
would find that they have been almost unan-
imously refused. I know that since I have been
a member of the Committee of Finance, to which
such petitions have been generally referred, it has
been the invariable rule to reject them. And if
I am not mistaken, this petition has been several
times referred to that committee, and they have
refused to act upon it. When we come to con-
sider the nature of the application, we shall find
that it would lead to innumerable demands upon
the Treasury Department—demands in which, if
we are to take the decisions of Congress, and the
legislation of Congress, there is no equity, at least
no such equity as would ever induce the Govern-
ment to grant them. Why, it must be remem-
bered that if we pass this bill, we shall have to go
back to afi the cases which have occurred under
all of our tariffs, for in none of them has there
been a provision for those cases in which the car-
goes were ordered before the bill was passed. In
the tariff act of 1842, it was especially provided,
that it should take effect upon its passage; and I
know that it was one of the arguments against its
passage—for I was then a member of the House of
Representatives—that it would operate with hard-
ship upon outstanding cargoes, upon ships having
cargoes brought over under orders which had been
made before the passage of that tariff act. The
matter was then argued and considered, and Con-
gress determined that that was one of the risks
which the merchant had to take in the prosecution
of his trade. Congress then refused to insert any
provision in order to meet these cases, and if we
now begin to legislate on them, how many peti-
tions will be sent to us from persons who ordered
cargoes before the passage of the act of 1842, and
had to pay duties under that act?
We should have thus to reverse the whole policy
of our Government in relation to this subject; and
not only that, but we should open the door to in-
numerable frauds; for observe, this case goes be-
hind the tariff of 1828; and if this be a good case,
every demand which is based upon a similar prin-
ciple, either in relation to that tariff or any other,
may be presented here, and we shall have to act
upon it. It was suggested oil a former occasion, by
a Senator, that if there be equity in returning to the
merchant duties which he has had thus to pay be-
cause he ordered goods before the legislation under
which they were entered, would it not be a good
rule to work it the other way, and say that those
goods brought in under the tariff of 184(5, when
the duties were reduced, ought to pay under the
tariff of 1842, under which they were ordered?
Why would not that be a good rule? Because it
would be impossible to ascertain exact justice in
these cases or the precise state of the facts. It
would lead to more mischiefs, to more frauds,
more difficulties, than we should ever remedy if we
should attempt to legislate upon this subject. I am
free to say that, in relation to the tariff of 1842, I
would have voted for any provision which gave the
merchant notice; but such was not the pleasure of
Congress; such was not the action of the Govern-
ment. They determined that they would not; and
I am not now for opening the matter in this piece-
meal way, when it cannot be remedied, but when
it may lead to very great and serious mischief. I
hope this bill will not be passed; for my word for
it, if it is passed, you will have numbers of such
cases presented for consideration.
Mr. SEWARD. It seems to me that the ob-
jection of the learned and honorable Senator from
Virginia amounts to just this: If we do justice and
equity in this case, we may be called upon to do
so in some other cases. That argument does not
commend itself either to my judgment or to my
sense of what is right on the part of the Govern-
ment. i will briefly state again the peculiar facts
of this case. These miporteis weie merchants in
the city of New York m the years lb27 and 1828.
They contracted in Liverpool, in the tall of 1827,
for the delivery of invoices of goods, among which
was an article called " booking baize," and their
contract was, that these goods should be delivered
in the spiing following; that is, the spring of]828.
Congress, in the month of May, 1828, revised the
tariff. By the tanff, as it stood at the time the
contract was made,tire duties, when levied, would
have amounted to $2,200 50, while the cost of the
articles m Liverpool was $6,786 15; so that the
duties, at the time the purchase was made, were
about one third of the cost of the articles. By the
revision of the duties then imposed, the effect of
which, and of course the design of which, was to
prohibit the importation of these articles, and to
induce the manufacture of'them in this country,
theduties were raised fifty per cent., and amounted
when the goods were received, to §5,467; being
within $1,319 of the cost—in other words, about
four-fifths of the cost of the invoices in Europe.
This tariff act, which was passed in May, was
directed to take effect on the 30th of June follow-
ing. Pursuant to the original contract, the goods
were shipped from Liverpool within three or four
days after the passage of the act. Being so shipped
they arrived here just three or four days after the
act took effect. There was no possibility of antici-
pating such a change. There was no possibility of
giving notice to rescind the contract, or preventing
the exportation of the goods from Liveipool.
They came here in time to be subjected to the in-
creased duty; and by that change in the policy of
the Government the importers lost some $3,000.
It is said that there is no equity in requiring the
Government to pay damages which result to its
citizens from the change of its laws. I agree that
it is the duty of every citizen to know the laws of
the land; but in making laws affecting revenue,
such as laws for the imposition of d.uties, there is
ail equitable obligation on the part of the Govern-
ment to give reasonable notice of the change of the
system of revenue before the law goes into effect.
In all the tariff acts exccpt one, this timely notice
has been given. The tariff act of 1832 was passed
on the 14th of July of that year, but the time at
which it was to take effect was postponed to the
3d day of March, 1833. The act of 1833 was
passed on the 2d of March of that year, and was
declared to take effect on the 31st of December,
1835. The act of 1846 was passed on the 30th
day of July, but it did not go into effect until the
first of December following.
Mr. RHETT. Will the Senator state when
the act of 1842 went into effect?
Mr. SEWARD. The act of 1842 went into
effect immediately, as the honorable Senator from
Virginia has stated; and it is suggested to me that
the reason for that was, that at the time it was
passed it was supposed there was no existing rev-
! enue laws in force; and therefore that case was an
I exception. As I have said, it is the duty of the
! citizen to take notice of the laws of the land, but
' it is not the duty of the citizen to take notice of
i the laws before they are passed; and he has an
I equitable and just claim upon the Government if
, they levy assessments which shall affect contracts
I which he has made without giving him adequate
| time to provide for a change of his business so as
1 to meet the change m the policy of the Govern-
I roent. As I ha\e said, an act like this has already
| been passed, and the principle of that act is the
' same as that involved in this bill. Itisnowalong
■ time since the year 1828. If this consideiation
addresses itself to the Senate, then I will say that
i there is no reason to apprehend a great number of
| applications of this sort; and if there were, justice
■ would require that they should be considered and
| disposed of upon principles such as would prevail
j between private individuals.
I Mr. UNDERWOOD. Were the goods con-
i sumed in the country?
; Mr. SEWARD. They were. The cost of the
j goods was £6,786: the duties paid upon them
' amounted to §5,467. It is a difference more than
' $3,000 between the duties existing at the time the
contract was made and the duties the parties paid
when the goods were entered.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I wish to make a sug-
gestion. I asked the gentleman from New York,
whether these goods were consumed in this coun-
try; and he gave an affirmative answer. Now it
seems to me, that when the importer brought-
goods here and paid the duty, he must have in-
demnified himself by putting the duty upon the
price paid for the article when it was sold. If he
has done that, and obtained his indemnity in that
way, it would be strange if we should pay it to
him again. If he brought the goods here, and
found a change in the tariff law, it would be very
strange indeed if he would not put on the en-
hanced price resulting from the increased duty. I
think a merchant would hardly neglect doing that,
hence it strikes me that he must have been indem-
nified for the increased duty which he had to pay.
I am not prepared to say that importing merchants
should not always risk the legislation of the coun-
try. 1 do not know that the basis upon which
this gentleman asks relief ought to be conceded.
I do not know that we ought to change our legis-
lation, because an individual may say that he
made a contract for goods in a foreign country,
and expected to have them entered at the custom-
house here, under the old law. It seems to me
that the Government cannot act in its legislation
on views of that sort, although it might be well m
passing a tariff law, to let it go into operation
prospectively, with n view to provide for such
cases. But if the Government has not chosen to
postpone the operation of the law, so as to give the
merchant notice—which I admit would be m gen-
eral a good rule—and has allowed the act to go into
operation immediately, it is most manifest that a
merchant, whose goods arrived in the country
under the increased rate of duties, would indemnify
himself by increasing the price of the goods. In
that point of view, u seems to me, according to the
information communicated by the Senator from
New York, this individual must have been already
indemnified.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator from New York
says that my argument is, that if we pay the claim
in this case, we might perhaps pay many more
equally just. Not at all. My argument is, that
if we attempt to do justice with the imperfect in-
formation and imperfect means which we have of
asceitaining what the case is, in the attempt to do
justice in one case we may perhaps do injustice to
the Government in sanctioning a hundrecl frauds.
I said also, that we should fail in doing justice,
because it would be impossible to ascertain the
facts on which these demands were made, even if
we were to admit the principle which Congress has
heretofoie refused to admit, that we are hound to
rectify all the losses to individuals which may
have been occasioned by our legislation on the
subject of duties. Congress has determined that
that is a risk which the merchant must take.
Whether they decided rightfully or wrongfully, I
do not now pretend to say; nor is it necessary for
me to say. If the subject was brought up at the
time when the transaction was recent and fresh,
when everybody was informed in relation to it, the
claim might have been allowed if it was thought
that justice required it. But if they postponed it,
and at this late period of timewecome to act upon
an isolated case, we cannot do justice. What is
the evidence in this case ? How do we know that
these goods were ordered beforehand, and without
a knowledge of this legislation ? I suppose there
is no other evidence as to that than the words of
the importer. How do we know that he did not
remunerate himself, if not for the whole, at least
for a portion of the duties, by the additional price
which he charged the consumer? How can we
ascertain that? And if he did put on the addi-
tional price, as suggested by the Senator from
Kentucky, surely he ought not now to have
this money returned to him by the Government.
' How can we undertake to act upon the princi-
[ pie, that when the inteiests of a private individual
i have been injured by general legislation we will
j ascertain the amount of his damages and i emuner-
| ate him ? Why, there was a large class of persons
I in this country who believed thattliey were in-
i jured by the passage of the taiiff act of 1842, who
! planted large quantities of cotton, expecting to get
i more than they did get for it under that tariff, and
I upon whom that financial measure came with aJ-
' most ruinous force. Are they to come here and
, say to us, We lost so much by your legislation:
i we planted so much cotton, pnd would have had
i such prices for it but for the tariff of '42, and there-
i fore we claim indemnity? Are any class of per-
