1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1515
and that is the motion the House was in the act of
taking the yeas nnd nays upon.
Mr. HIBBARD. I believe the proposition of
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Sackett] is
the better one, and hoping that the House will
adopt that, I withdraw mine.
Mr. CARTTER. I wish to inquire what the
motion before the House is?
The SPEAKER. The question is upon the
adoption of the resolution fixing the day for the
final adjournment of Congress, and upon that we
are acting under a suspension of the rules, made
this day, and it is not in order to move to suspend
the rules until the matter upon which we are now
acting is in'some way disposed of, it having been
introduced under a suspension of the rules.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. Is it in order
to move to postpone the proposition of the gentle-
man from Tennessee [Mr. Harris] until Mon-
day week ?
The SPEAKER. It is in order.
Mr. SEYMOUR. Then I make that motion.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. I demand the
yeas and nays upon that motion.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Believing there is a quo-
rum in the House, I renew my motion for the
previous question. I hope that will dispose of it.
Mr. EVANS. I wish to ask a question of the
Chair. If the previous question is sustained, will
it not cut off the motion to postpone?
The SPEAKER. It will, and bring the House
to vote dnectly upon the resolution.
Mr. CLINGMAN. That is my object.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. The motion to
' postpone must be first put, as it was first moved.
A count was taken on seconding the previous
question, and there were—ayes 31, noes not count-
ed.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. "Will the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Seymour] modify
his resolution so as to postpone the matter until
Monday next?
The SPEAKER. That is the proposition of
the gentleman's colleague over the way.
Mr. HARRIS. Will the lesoiution be the first
business in order on Monday next, if it is post-
poned until that day?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it would.
Mr. HARRIS. Then 1 have no objection to
postpone it until that day.
The SPEA KER. There beingno second to the
demand for the previous question, the motion to
postpone until Monday next is m order.
Mr. STANLY. 'I ask for a division upon that
question, as we have a special order for that day.
The question was then taken, and there were,
on a division—ayes 114, noes not counted.
So the resolution was postponed to Monday
next.
Mr. SACKETT. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce my resolution.
Mr. JOHN W. HOWE. I object.
Mr. SACKETT. Then I move to suspend the
rules. .
The SPEAKER. A privileged motion is al-
ready pending before the House.
Mr. COBB. Would it be in order to move to
proceed to the business upon the Speaker's table r
The SPEAKER. A privileged motion is al-
ready pending, which is to suspend the rules. The
gentleman from New York [Mr. Sackett] moves
that the rules be suspended so as to enable him to
introduce a resolution, which will be read for in-
formation.
The resolution was then read by the Clerk as
follows :
Resolved, That vriien this House adjourns to-morrow, it
adjourn to meet on Friday next.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I demand the yeas and
nays upon the suspension of the rules.
The yeas and nnys were not ordered.
Mr. DUNCAN. 1 wish to raise the question,
whether this motion to vote to-day to fix the time
of adjourning to-morrow, is in order r
The SPEAKER. It will be m order if the
rules are suspended, and that is the proposition
now before the House.
The question was then taken on the motion to
suspend the rules, and it was agreed to.
Mr. CARTTER. Let the resolution be again
read.
The resolution, was again read by the Clerk.
Mr. SACKETT. I move the previous ques-
tion on the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. BR1GGS. I wish to offer ail amendment
to the resolution.
Mr. SPEAKER. No amendment is in order,
as the previous question is demanded.
Mr. BRIGGS. I supposed I was recognized
by the Speaker before the call for the previous
question.
The previous question received a second, and the
main question was ordered to be put.
Mr. CARTTER. I demand the yeas and nays
upon the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. CLEVELAND. I ask for tellers upon
the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. King, ofNew
York, and Briggs, were appointed, and a count
being taken, the tellers reported—ayes 39, noes not
counted.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BELL. I wish to make an inquiry.
What is the desire of our brethren on the other
side? if they desire an adjournment, 1, for one,
am willing to grant it.
Mr. POLK. We do not desire it.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. A part do.
Mr. SMART. I answer for one, that I desire
it, and I think a majority of the Democrats de-
sire it.
The question was then taken, and it was de-
cided in the negative—yeas 58, nays 102; as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Averett, Thomas H. Bayly, Bowne,
Bieckmrutae, Biinows, Busby, E. Curriugton Cabell. Lewis
D. Campbell, Clark, Conger, Cottinan, Cullom, Eastman,
i EdmuiuHon, Evans, Fuel], Floieriee, Gorman, Hdiiiuiuiid,
! Harper, Isshani G. Hams, {Jaws, Haven, Hibfcud, Holla-
day, James Johnson, John Johnson, Robeit W.Johnson, j
George VV. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, George G King. Ivuhn.s, ,
Landrv, Letehei, McDonald, Olds, Oir, Outlaw, Samuel t
W.Paiker, Peaslee, Powell, Rohltins, Ro-s, Russell, Saek- |
ett, Scurry, Smart. Snow, Stanly, Stone, Taylor,Thurston, \
Toombs, Veuable,'Walsh, A. White, and Williams—58.
NAi'S—Messrs. Abcrerombie, Aiken, Allison, William
Ap|)leton, David J. Bailey, Baireie, Bell, Bennett, Bowie,
Biairg, Brenton, Briggs, Albert G. Brown, Buell, Caldwell,
Cartter, Caskie, Chandler, Chapman, t'hastain, Cliuieli-
well, Cleveland, Chngmaii, Cobb, Colr-oelt, ("urn*, John G.
Davis, Doekerv, Doly, Duncan, Durkee, Edgeiton, Floyd,
Fowler, Gamble, Gaylord. Goodenow, Gieen, Grey, Grow, j
Hall, Hamilton, Sampson W. Ham--, Hart, llascall, Fli'b-
ard, Ilendiiek-, Henn, Horsford, Houston, John W. Howe,
Thomas ftf. Ilovve, Thomas Y. How, Hunter, inger-oll, j
Jackson, Jenkins, Andrew Johnson, Daniel T. Jones, l'res-
tou King, Kmrz, Maee, llumphiev Marshall, MeCorkh*,
i MeLaimhan, McMulhn, McNan, McQueen, .Meade, Mill-
i son, Miner, Molonv, Henry I). Moore, John Mooref More-
I head. Murphy, Newton, Pennmian, Polk, itantoul, Uol.ic,
' Selioonniaker, Scudder, David L. Seymoui,Onsen S. Sey-
i moui. Skelton, Smith, Benjamin Slauton, Abraham 1'.
! Stevens, AlexanderH. Stephens, Stratton, Strother, Towns-
he,.id, Wallmdge, Wallace, Wind, Wa-lilmm, Watkms,
; Welch, Wells, Willlriek, Woodward, and Yates—Kid.
I Mr. BRIGGS. 1 am aware that many rnem-
i bers desire to be absent from the House a greater
part of this week, and I feel desirous to accommo-
j date them. 1 have a resolution in my hand which,
I it seems to me, will accomplish the whole object,
i the same as though the House were to adjourn._ I
j ask the unanimous consent of the House to offer
i it. If it be objected to, I will move a suspension
! of the rules.
The resolution was read for information, as fol-
lows:
Resolved, That the special order of this Hou=e, requiring
repoits from the standing committees lor one hour each
morning of tins session, and also all privileged questions
now pending, be postponed for one week fiom tins day.
Ml'. JOHN W. HOWE. I object.
Mr. BIllGGS. I move to suspend the rules
, for the purpose of allowing me to introduce that
i resolution.
! The question was then taken on the motion to
suspend the rules, and it was not agreed to.
! Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The resolution
offered by the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
! Sackett,] and'just voted down, proposed that
! when the House adjourns to-morrow it adjourn to
meet on Friday next. It is very evident that we
j are going to do nothing for the next two days.
! The Seriate have adopted a resolution that when
1 they adjourn, they adjourn to meet on Thursday
next. That is as far as they could go. I move
that when this House adjourns it adjourn to meet
on Thursday next.
! Mr. LETCHER. I move to lay that motion
' upon the table. We have had one chance at it,
i and refused to adjourn, and that is enough.
Mr. McNAIR. I move that the House ad-
| journ.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Jones] submits the motion that when
the House adjourns it adjourn to meet on Thurs-
day next. The gentleman froro Pennsylvania
[Mr. McNair] moves that the House do now ad-
journ. The motion of the gentleman from Ten-
nessee is first in order.
Mr. LETCHER. I moved to lay that motion
upon the table.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that motion
is not in order. It is one of those privileged mo-
tions, however, about which there can be no talk.
It is precisely such a motion as a motion to ad-
journ.
Mr. LETCHER. What sort of a motion would
be in order now, in connection with that proposi-
tion, for I would make any sort of motion that
would get rid of it? [Laughter.]
The SPEAICER. The Chair, in reply, must
say, that the only way to oppose it, is to vote
against it, [laughter,] just as he would against a
motion to adjnurn.
Mr. LETCHER. I demand the yeasand nays
upon the motion.
Mr. McMULLIN. Allow me to request the
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Joxes] to with-
draw his motion. Let it come from theother side
of the House and I will vote for it, nnd I will also
state, that when the Whig Convention comes off,
I will extend the same courtesy to them.
A Voice. We uo not want any bargains.
The question was then taken on the resolution
to adjourn till Thursday next, and it was not
agreed to—yeas 65, nays 77; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Wiiham Appleton, Averett,ThomasH.
Bavly, Bowie, Brings, Buirows, E. Carnngton GabelJ, L. D.
Campbell, Cartter," Clark. Conger, Cottman, Esistman, J3d-
mmidson, Evans, Fiteh, Florence, Floyd, Gentry, Giddmgs,
Goodenow, Gorman, Grow, I-Jammoiid, Isham G. Harfis,
Haven, Henn, Hibbard, Holladav, Thomas Y. How, James
Johnson. John Johnson, Geotge W. Jotter, J. Glancy Jones,
Genige G. King, Iuihn.% Landry, Humphrey Marshall,
McDonald, Meade, Minor, Olds, Orr, Outlaw, Samuel W.
I Parker, Peaslee, Pemiinmn, Powell, Robhins, Ro««, Sack-
! ett, Smart, Snow. Stanlv, Strother, Ta\loi, Thurston,
! Toombs Venablci Wal<h, Ward, Washburn, Addison
; White, Wildrick, and William?—65.
, NAYS—Messrs. Abereiombie, Aiken, Charles Allen,
i Babcock, David J Bailey, Barrere, Bell, Bennett, Bibig-
I itau=, Bowne, Ri.igg, Bienton, Albert G. Brown, Buell,
! Caldwell, Chandler, Chapman, Cleveland, Chngman, Col-
j cock, Curtis Geoige T. Davis, John G. Pavi<, Dockery,
j Durkee,Eilirerton, Fowler, Gamble, Gavlord.Grey, Harper,
! Sampson W. Hams, Haws Hawaii, Hebard, Ilendiicke,
i Ilorford, John W. Howe, Thomas? M. Howe, Hunter, In-
I gei>oll, Jvos Jackson, Andrew Johnson. Robert W. John-
! sou, Daniel T Jones Pre^on Kmsr, Kurtz. Lockhart,Mar-
! tin, McLanahan, McNau, McUueen, Million, Molonv,
i Morehend, Murphv, Newton, Itantoul, Robio, Russell,
i Scudder. David L. Seymour. Oilmen S. Seymour, Skelton,
| Smith, Benjamin S'anton. Abraham P. Stevens, Alexan-
! dorH. Stephens Stiatton. Walbridtie, Wallace, Watkins,
! Welch, Well?, Woodward, and Yates—77.
Before the announcement of the above vote, Mr.
McCorkle asked leave of the House to vote, as he
was not within the bar when his name was called;
but it was objected to.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. It is evident that
a great many gentlemen desire to be absent from
the House durins: the next three days, some of
whom are riot inclined, 1 apprehend, to vote their
I wishes. [Laughter.] There are also a number of
! gentlemen, ns I learn, who are desirous of making
! speeches, which they have prepared, upon various
! subjects, and with a view to accommodate all, I
I ask the unanimous consent of the House to intro-
i duce the folio wine: resolution.
j Mr. OLDS. Before my colleague's resolution
^ is read, I wi<?h to give notice of my intention to
| move that the French spoliation hill be made the
^ special order for to-morrow. [Laughter.]
II The Clerk then read the resolution of Mr.
i Campbell, as follows:
|; Resolved. That from Tuesday. June 1st, until Thursday,
! June 3d, 18-v2, inclusive, no motions except to ro into Com-
' nutt<'e of the Whole on the state of the Union, and to ad-
jouin, shall be entertained by the House.
OujetHeJ to.
Mr. CAMPP>ELL. I move a suspension of
; the rules, to enable me to introduce it.
Mr. GENTRY. I rise to a question of order.
, If 1 understood that resolution correctly, it will,
in effect, change the standing*'rules of the House,
and should lay over one day. It changes the
whole order of business prescribed by tlie stand-
ins: rules.
The SPEAKER. That is so; and the gentle-
;; man can only introduce his resolution by the oper-
!, ation of a4wo-thirds vote.
