£S80
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 26,
to the United States, after receipt of notice of the termina-
tion of his mission ; and that his salary as special agent be
also allowed, from the time when it was discontinued, until
a reasonable lime after Jus return, not exceeding bix months
—to be paid out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated."
The Committee on Foreign Relations made a
report, accompanied by a bill to pay this money
to Mr. Balestier, who was a special agent sent
abroad byaformer Secretary of State; and in their
report, they stated the reasons for the favorable
consideration of the demand. I will read it to the
Senate. "The committee report:
"That the petitioner, having resided for many jears at
Singapore, in the East fndies, as consul of the United States,
returned home 111 the year 1849, and tendered a lesignation
of his office, on the ground that its emoluments were not
adequate to the expenses it involved.
Whilst thus in communication with the Department of
State, it was determined by the President to send a special
agent to the East Indies, and to various parts of southern
Asia, for purposes fully set forth in a letter from the Sec-
retary of State to Mr. Balestier, dated August 16, 1849,
accompanying the petition, and the latter gentleman was
selected for that service.
" The peculiar qualifications of Mr. Balestier for these du-
ties, resulting from an intimate acquaintance with the coun-
tries he was to visit, and the fidelity and ability with which
he had served the Government whilst consul at Singapore,
are fully admitted in the correspondence of the Department;
and it would appear that Mr. Balestier was induced to ac-
cept this new service upon a representation that it would
be recommended to Congress to place the consulate at Sin-
gapore on such footing, in regard to salary, as would enable
him to remain there as consul when his special miMon
should be ended.
11 By his letter of appointment, above referred to, Mr.
Balestier was to be paid at the rate of $4,500 per annum
whilst so employed, and in addition his < traveling and
other necessary expenses' were to be allowed him.
"Whilst on tins special mission the agent wa< to be con-
veyed to the various points indicated in his letter of instruc-
tions in some of the public vessels in those seas.
" it appears further from the correspondence of the De-
partment that, after concluding a convention of • friendship
and trade-" with the Sultan of Borneo, Mr. Baledtier was
landed in China from the Plymouth, tmdei an anangement
with Commodore Voorhees that after leplemshitig his sup-
plies he would again put to sea with him, with a view to
the completion ot his mission. But before beiwr ready to
do so, that ship was unexpectedly recalled homcT
" By letter of May 16,1850, Mr. Balestier wa< informed
by the Department of State, (the Plymouth having returned
home,) thai the steamer Jamestown would be ordered to
receive him on hoard, and to proceed with him to the com-
pletion of his minion; and whilst waiting at Batavtahcr
arrival, he received a letter from the Department terminating
his mission, and informing bun that his salary would cease
after a reasonable tune (fixed by the letter at little more
than sixty days) allowed for the dispatch to reach him.
Thus his salary was made to cease on the "0th April,
1851, and he claims that it should be paid him fiom that date
until his arrival in the United States, together with his
traveling expenses home.
It appears to the committee that, although at the time
of Mi. Bfilpsrier's departure on this special mis.-ion, it was
intended that at its close he should remain at Singapore
and resume his duties as consul, yet that such mention was
based upon the expectation, on both bides, that i:ie consul-
ate would in the mean tune he made a salaried office.
Such not being done, he returned home as spec iilv as cir-
cumstances would admit.
"The committee aie satisfied that all the duu a required
of the agent were discharged by him with zeal a d fidelity,
and entirely to the satisfaction of iheGovernmei r.and they
recommend, therefoic, that he be allowed the c utinuance
of his salary as claimed, and his traveling expends back to
the United States, and report a bill accordingly. '
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MASON". I have gone through -vith the
amendments which I had to offer by the direction
of the Committee on Foreign Relations, and I
now, of myself, offer the following amendment to
the bill:
Sec. —. J?nd be itfurther enacted, That it shall be law-
ful for the Seeretaiy of the Treasury, at any time after the
1st day of January nevt, to ias>ue to the State of Texas such
portion of the f>iock mentioned m the fir=t proviso of the
fifth article of the third section of the act entitled " An act
1 proposing to the State of Texas the establishment of her
'northern and \vo*tem boundaries, the relinqui.-hment by
* the said State ot ail teiutory claimed by her exterior to
' saul boundaries, and uf all her claims upon the United
Stuea, and to e.stabh>h <i t'-mtonal government for New
Mexico," approved Pepteniher Uth, 1850. as shall be equiv-
alent in amount to the releases, of the claims of the credit-
ois ot Texas against the United States which shall be then I
b ed at die Treasury as in  aid article is provided; and in !
like manner from month to month to issue rhe safd stock
equivalent to such like release? a* mav be thereafter filed, '
until the whole amount of the live millions of dollars re-
served by said article is exhausted. I
Mr. GWIN. ^ I wish to_ make an appeal to the *
Senator trom Virginia not to press that amend--
rnent*. it will lead to hours of discussion. It is i
one of the most complicated questions that can be ■
presented to Congress. It is well known that the '
Senator fiom Maryland [Mr. Pearce] has report- :
ed from the ir mance Committee a bill, accompa- '
nied by an elaborate report, which bill is entirely i
different in its provisions from this proposition j 1
I and it will lead necessarily to a very prolonged
| discussion. I hope, therefore, that the Senator j
; will not press the proposilion at this late period of j
(the session. I
Mr. MASON. I have no disposition in tho [
: world to get up a discussion; but I can state in 1
' three minutes what will be the effect of the j
j. amendment, and the Senate can then determine
j upon the propriety of adopting it. By the law of
; 1850, adjusting the boundaries of Texas, theUni-
j ted States agreed to pay to that State the sum of
; §10,000,000, by an issue of five per cent, stock,
1 redeemable in fourteen years; §5,000,000 of that
: stock were to be paid to Texas on her accepting
J the terms of the law; the remaining $5,000,000
; were to be reserved at the Treasury under the
i following proviso:
i {i Provided, That no more than five millions of said stock
! shall be issued until the creditors of the State holding bonds
; aud otiier certificates oi'tlie &tock of Texas, fm winch du-
ties on imports were specially pledged, shall fir-t file at the
Treasury of the United States releases of all claim against
| the United States for and on accountof said bonds and cer-
i tificate^ in such form as shall be proscribed by the Secre-
! tary of the Treasury, and approved by the President of the
United States."
! Some two or three mouths since 1 presented a
petition on behalf of two ladies, one of them a
, constituent, which was referred to tne Committee
' on Finance, setting forth that as this law was con-
; strued at the Treasury, theSecretarv of the Treas- ■
' ury considered himself prohibited from issuing i
any portion of that stock until every creditor of
; Texas of the class described in the proviso had |
released the United States; and thus it was stated j
! in the petition, that the petitioners, holding an :
\ amount of that stock which made it a matter of i
moment to them to receive the money, never could j
be paid out of those five millions until every cred- j
itor of Texas of that class should file releases. !
In considering- the subject, 1 did not see any I
reason, so far as the United States was concerned,
Mr. CLEMENS. I beg to suggest that we had
better pass over this amendment informally. If it-
be pressed to a vote to-night, it must be discussed.
So far as I am concerned, I am interested in this
matter, on account of my own State. My State
is one of the creditors of Texas. We are willing
to trust Texas. We believe that Texas will pay
us; at all events, we are willing to trust -her. But
if this subject is to be gone into now, I know it
must be discussed, and we cannot get through
with the bill; and if it is intended to insist upon
the consideration of this amendment, I shall move
an adjournment.
Mr. BRIGHT. The Committee on Finance
had before them the petition referred to by the
honorable Senator from Virginia—the petition of
Mrs. Bonnycastlp, who asks the repeal of this
proviso. It was considered at length; and the
prayer of the petitioner was overruled; and the
! committee, I believe, were unanimous, with the
! exception of the honorable Senator from Virginia.
[Mr. Hunter,] in favor of the bill reported by the
' honorable Senator from Maryland, which proposes
an entirely different plan from that suggested by
j the honorable Senator from Virginia,"[Mr. Mi-
1 son.] It was well understood this morning, by
I the Committee on Finance, that if eithcfi- the prop-
osition now submitted by the Senator from Vir-
! ginia, or the bill reported by the Senator from
Maryland, was offered as an amendment to the
: civil and diplomatic bill, it would exhaust the res-
! idueof the session; and the committee came to the
i conclusion to resist any proposition to place either
one of them on the bill.
, Sevferal Senators. That is right.
Mr. BRIGHT. If that be the pleasure of the
1 Senate, we need not waste time in discussing the
subject. And for the purpose of testing that ques-
, tion, I submit to the Chair to decide whether the
1 amendment is in order under our rules.
|- why they should not authorize the Secretary of |, MASON. There is an existing appropri-
t the Treasury to issue that stock as fast as the | a!"'on $5,000,000, but the money, according to
i, releases came in. I am perfectly aware that the I; 'h® original law, was not to be expended until eer-
! State of Texas, since the passage of the law of !' conditions as to the filing of releases were
jj 1850, has passed an act determining how she will ! complied with. The purpose of my amendment
ij pay her debt. . 1 j is *•? repeal that proviso, and direct the mode in
ji Mr. RUSK. It was before the passage of the i which an existing appropriation shall beexpended.
i law. | I submit, therefore, to the Chair that it is perfectly
; Mr. MASON. I am told, and I have no doubt i
^ correctly, that the State of Texas, before the pas- !
sage of the act, passed a lav/ determining in what jl
proportion she would pay that debt; in other words, j :
i that it should be scaled at prescribed rates. I j!
have not felt myself at liberty to enter into the
consideration of the subject how Texas proposes
to pay the debt. Whatever my opinions may be,
they are not to be expressed here. She is to de-
termine for herself, upon'her own ideas of pro-
priety, what to do with her creditors. 1 have
in order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Badger in
the chair.) A question is raised whether or not
the amendment is in order. The 30th rule of the
Senate is the only one which relates to questions
of order on general appropriation bills; and it ex-
cludes amendments which propose "additional
appropriations " out of the public Treasury, except
in certain cases. This amendment, the Chair un-
derstands, proposes to make no appropiiation; it
, is, therefore, in his opinion, without going into
nothing to do with that subject. My object alone ji ?ny further reasoning, clearly an amendment that
. 'I- i 1 - - -  -i -i- - * - - * •' ; is not excluded by the rule, and which it is com-
; petent for the Senate to entertain,
i Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. President, so far as the
; State of Texas is concerned, and so far as I repre-
: sent it, I have, on this occasion, to express .my
1 sincere regret that the subject has not met with the
earlier attention of die Committee on Finance, and
| that it has not been earlier submitted to the Senate
|| for its action. For some reason it has not been
j; presented in any shape, until the present moment,
i' If the Senate were to act upon it, and to adopt the.
; measure now proposed, I believe it would not only
;i benefit the creditors of Texas, but it would obtain
| all the ends of justice that they can ever expect or
; that Texas can ever accord to them, which'will, 1
j think, be complete. I have only risen to express
■ the sincere desire that the amendment may meet
j with the favorable consideration of the Senate,
i and be at once adopted. If it leads to discussion.
,j we have no time further to consider it without in-
| terfering with important business; and T shall sub-
I- mit to the decision of the Senate. Whether thev
I; will act upon itor not, Texas will take care of her-
|! self, and her creditors, too, if she can.
i, Mr. PEARCE. Mr. President, if the State of
jj Texas and her creditors were the only parties
i concerned, I should not be inclined to offer the
j least opposition to the amendment of the Senator
| from Virginia. But the Senate must all know
li that the United States are concerned—directly
concerned; that it was the supposed liability ot'
I the United States, which induced us to make tli.it
I provision in the hill of 1850, by which fue of the
; ten millions of stock, which the bill proposed to
is to say, that I do not believe the interests of the
United States, which I am here to represent, will
be affected by authorizing the stock to be issued
as fast as the releases come in; and that is the
whole object of the amendment. '
Mr. GWIN. I do not intend to go into the
merits of this question at all. I merely wish to
call the attention of the Senate to this fact, that the
proposition now made by the Senator from Vir-
ginia has been rejected by the Finance Commit-
tee. The memorial to which he alludes was re-
ferred to that committee, and they have reported
againstit. The Committee on Finance have brought
forward another proposition—one of great im-
portance, and it will lead to a great deal of discus-
sion. I do not pretend to go into tiie merits of
the question; all I psk is that, we should go on
with this bill. Many of us have ^meiidments to
propose which will not fead to discussion; and it
is the interest of almost every Senator that we
should not introduce into the bill any question of
so great importance as this, and one which will
consume so much time.
Mr. BRIGHT. If it be the pleasure of the
Senator to consider this subject upon the civil and
diplomatic bill, I think I hazard nothing in saying
that we shall iiot get through to-night, it involves
the expenditure of an immense amountof money,
it is vastly interesting to a great number of per-
sons.
Several Senators, Let rs take the vote.
Mr. BRIGHT. Ifit is the pleasureoflheSen-
ate not to entertain the proposition, I wiil not con-
sume time. I am prepared to go oil.
