606
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 20,
their use, so as to make the duties payable in four
equal annual installments, said installments to be
reserved by the Postmaster General for the use of
the Treasury, out of any moneys which may be
due said company for mail service to be performed
by them. It provides, further, that before the de-
livery of any portion of the iron rails, the payments
bo deferred shall be securei} by the ifonds of the
company, with good personal security to be ap-
proved of by the United States district judge for
the State of North Carolina, and such authority,
given in writing, to secure the reservation and pay-
ment by the Post Office Department, as may be
satisfactory to the Secretary of the Treasury, pro-
vided , that this act shall extend only to iron already
imported, or to be imported within two years from
its passage.
Mr. HUNTER. I feel bound to say, in rela-
tion to thatbill, that if there were any bill for which
I would vote, either to extend the time for the pay-
ment of duties, or to remit them, it would be pre-
cisely such a case as has been presented. But as
it has been my habit to vote to keep the tariff of
1846 inviolate, I shall vote against this bill.
The bill was then reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
SAMUEL BRAY.
Mr. MORTON. It will be recollected by you,
Mr. President, that some time since I presented a
memorial to the Senate, numerously signed by the
eitizens of Apalachicola, in Florida, asking that
relief may be afforded to Samuel Bray, the keeper
of the light-house at Dog Island, for losses sus-
tained by him in a tempest on that coast, in the
summer of 1851. That memorial was referred to
the Committee on Commerce, and with commend-
able promptness they have reported a bill for his
relief for losses—I say for losses, I ought to say
Eecuniary losses, for some of his losses were
eyond the relief of the Congress'of the United
States. That committee has promptly reported a
bill, affording him a small pecuniary relief. He is
now in a destitute and distressed situation; and if
relief is to be afforded iiim, it should be done im-
mediately. I ask, therefore, that I may trespass on
the kindness of the Senate so far as to have this
bill considered now.
Mr. MORRIS. I hope we shall proceed with
the Calendar. There are other cases as important
as that mentioned by the Senator, which we should
take up; and I can see no reason for thus mixing
up the business of this body. We have a Calendar,
where these cases stand in their order, and I hope
the Senate will adhere to the Calendar, and not
take up business out of its order.
The motion to take up the bill was not agreed to.
IRA DAY.
The PRESIDENT. The next bill in order is
the bill for the relief of Ira Day, of Vermont. It
has been read twice, and is now before the Senate
as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. HUNTER. The honorable Senator from
Delaware [Mr. Bayard] desired to speak on that
question, and as lie is now absent, I move that its
consideration be postponed till next Friday.
Mr. UPHAM. This bill was postponed last
Friday for the accommodation of the Senator from
Delaware; but if it can be ascertained that the bill
can be settled next Friday, I am willing it should
be passed over.
The bill was accordingly passed over inform-
ally.
MRS. E. A. McNEILL.
The PRESIDENT. The next bill in order is
the bill for the relief of Mrs. E. A. McNeill, widow
of the late General John McNeill, and is no w before:
the Senate as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. HUNTER. Is there any report accom-
panying that bilp
IE?16 j^-^SlDENT. There is no report.
1 wi" stdte that I reported
that lull from the Committee on Pensions There I
is no written report in the case We did not make :
a report, because we considered the case so plain, !
and one m which most of the facts were known !
to tne Senate and the country, that a very little i
explanation would be sufficient to satisfy the Sen- I
ate of its merits. It is proposed to pay to the ■
widow of the lute General John McNeill, a ver" !
gallant officer in our Army, what we cons'ider ar- j
rears of a pension. General McNeill was severe- i
ly wounded, and lost his leg; but he continued in
the service a certain length of time, and then re-
signed his commission in the Army. He received
his pension from the time he resigned his commis-
sion, although he believed all the while that he
was entitled, and as we think clearly entitled, to a
pension from the time of receiving the wound by
which he lost his limb. Since his death, his widow
applies for the arrears of a pension, due from the
time lie was wounded up to the time he resigned
his commission in the Army. It is but to pay
arrears from the time he lost his leg up to the tin^e
he left the Army. <
On the motion of Mr. BORLAND, the blank in
the bill was filled with the word " thirty," so as
to make the bill read " thirty dollars per month."
Mr. CLARKE. I should like to know why
the committee put in the time so as to extend back
to 1813? This gentleman was in the service till
within a year or two.
Mr. BORLAND. If the Senator had listened
to my remarks, I think he would have understood j
the^x-eason. It is to pay arrears of a pension from
the time he lost his leg till the time he resigned his
commission in the Army.
Mr. CLARICE. I beg to say he never lost a
leg. He was wounded in the knee. He had a
stiff knee; but he had as many legs to be buried
with as he was born with. 1 do not know why
we should go back. He never asked it.
Mr. BORLAND. He did consider himself en-
titled to a pension from the time he was wounded
till he resigned. He did not get it. He was put
upon the roll only from the time he left the Army.
But%e always considered and asserted his right to
be put upon the pension roll, and his widow now
reasserts that right.
Mr. ATCHISON. I do not intend to oppose
this bill. I do not intend to make war upon the
widow of a gallant officer, but I would like to
know what was the grade of General McNeill
while in the Army.
Mr. NORRIS. He was a major.
Mr. ATCHISON. At the time he left the Army
what was his grade?
Mr. DODGE, of Wisconsin. That of a colo-
nel.
Mr. ATCHISON. He then received his full
pay as an officer, of the grade he held in the Army,
up to the time he resigned; and from that time for-
ward he received his full pension. Now, this is
an additional amount of pay; not an arrearage of
a pension, but an increase of pay while an officer
in the Army. 1 am perfectly willing to vote for it
as a speceial case, but to adopt such a principle as
a general rule, it strikes me would make a very
great inroad into the public Treasury of the United
States, to an amount of millions perhaps. I want
it clearly understood that I vote for this case as
being a special case, and without reference to any
principle whatever. [Laughter.]
Mr. NORRIS said: If this is a special case,
there have been other special cases before. But 1
contend it is not a special ease. I was in hopes
that this bill would have passed without objection.
Having introduced it into the Senate, it becomes
my duty, under the circumstances, to give some
further explanation of this bill, and to state the
grounds upon which.I think it ought to pass. In
doing this, sir, it is not my intention to enter into
a detailed account of the services of General Mc-
Neill. A very brief summary will show the true
grounds upon which this bill stands.
That he was a brave, distinguished, and skill-
ful officer—that he received permanent and severe
disabilities while in the line of his duty, in the
public service—is well known to every Senator I
here. That he suffered severely and almost con-
stantly from these injuries, from the time of their !
reception up to the time of his death, is equally '
well known to every person who had intercourse !
with him. ;
Sir, General McNeill entered the Army of the
United States m Maich, 1812, as a captain of the
11th infantry—a regiment constituting a part of
the forces raised under the act of the preceding
January. So meritorious was his conduct as an
officer, that he was promoted to the rank of major
in August, 1813. It is unnecessary for me to
state to the Senate, here, that he discharged the
duties of his advance-rank with singular abilities,
with distinguished credit to himself, and honor to
the country. On the 5th of July, 1814, his regi-
ment constituted a portion of the forces engaged
in the battle of Chippewa. After the fall of the
gallant Colonel Campbell—early in that contest—
the command of that regiment devolved upon
General McNeill; and such was his bravery and
military skill and daring courage on that occasion
as to receive the applause and approbation of all
his distinguished compeers in arms, and for these
distinguished and gallant services on that occasion
lie received the brevet rank of lieutenant colonel.
Now., sir, only twenty days after—on the 25th of
the same month—a day which shed so much re-
nown upon American valor and American arms—
he led the same regiment to the bloody and
triumphant battle of Bridgewater. It was here,
in the heat of the contest, while at the head of the
column, urging it on by his example and by his
voice, in the face of a most galling and destructive
fire from the enemy's battery, that he was struck
in the right knee by a cannon shot, shattering and
rending it in the most terrible manner, and nearly
severing the limb. From the effects of thatwound
General McNeill never recovered. True, he did
not lose his limb, as my friend from Arkansas
[Mr. Borland] supposes; but the knee was ren-
dered ever afterwards entirely stiff; and such was
the shattered and broken condition of the limb
that it was ever afterwards subject to a neuralgic
affection, pervading the whole system with the
most excruciating suffering, and which finally un-
dermined and destroyed his once herculean con-
stitution. For his gallant and distinguished con-
duct in this battle he was breveted a colonel.
Sir, at the close of the war, such were the dis-
tinguished merits and skill of General McNeill
that, notwithstanding lus injuries, he was retained
upon the peace establishment as major of the 5th
regiment. In 1818 he was advanced to the rank
of lieutenant colonel of the 1st infantry. Again,
sir, m 1822, when in command of the post at
Chicago, while leading a detachment of his men
to the relief of a vessel in distress—having on
board supplies for his troops—he was severely in-
jured in the right arm, rendering that limb almost
entirely stiff and greatly impairing its use. In
1824 he was breveted a brigadier general for faith-
ful service. In 1826 he was still further promoted
to the advanced rank of colonel in the army. In
1830, on the 23d of April, he resigned his commis-
sion in the army; his constitution having been
broken down and his health impaired by reason of
severe sufferings from injuries received m the pub-
lic service. From that time he has received a pen-
sion from the Government for full disability. And,
sir, I would here state that in 1815, as soon as the
nature of his wounds would permit, he applied to
the War Department to be placed upon the roll of
invalid pensioners of the United States, under the
contract that he alleged he had made with the
Government when he entered its service. He
made also an application in 1819. Upon both oc-
casions his application was refused. And why,
sir? Was it because he had not been seriously
and permanently disabled while in the line ofihis
duty in the public service ? No, sir; for that was
apparent to all. But he was told that the War
Department had made a rule that no officer, while
he retained his commission in the army, should
be placed upon the roll of invalid pensioners. To
that act, and against that decision, General Mc-
Neill then, ana ever afterwards, protested. He
claimed that under the law of 1812 he had a right
to be placed upon the pension roll of the United
States from July, 1814.
Sir, I have made this brief and true statement
of facts to show the ground upon which this bill
rests. This bill proposes to give arrears of pen-
sion thus claimed by General McNeill in his life-
time to his aged widow, who is now m straitened
circumstances, who for thirty-five years watched
over and cared for the veteran with that soothing
attention and care which no other hand could ad-
minister. Sir, I will not invoke the sympathies
of the Senate—I never did such a thing; but if
there ever was a bill in which such feelings would
be justified, this is one. But, sir, I place this bill
upon the ground of his legal rights, upon the
broad principle of the equity and justice in the
case; and if I do not show the Senate that he is
entitled to the pension, I will allow the bill to fail,
so far as I am concerned. Sir, what was the con-
tract under which General McNeill entered the
Army ?
The 14th section of the act of the 11th of Jan-
uary provides "that if any officer, non-commis-
