2382
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 27,
and that is, to allow those who may be willing to
receive their money according to the scale of
Texas, to come in, file their releases, and receive
their money. What objection is there to that?
That is the object of the amendment of my hon-
orable friend from Virginia.
There is now an injunction upon that; and upon
what ground ? That by delaying this subject, and
managing,perhaps, upon a very high consideration
of political morality—no speculation, of course;
I suppose speculation has nothing to do with this
subject—the Federal Government is to rebuke
Texas by saying to her, "You have not scaled
your debt correctly, and we will assume to honor
a draft which you do not choose lo pay, on the
ground that you have disgraced yourselves." That
is the amount of it. We have said to Texas,
({ Say what you owe, and we will pay it; and to
save ourselves from any further liability here-
after, we will give you $5,000,000 positively, and
$5,000,000 on certain conditions, that your cred-
itors file releases." Well, all do not come in.
Here are women and children absolutely perish-
ing because they have not liberty to corns in and
take their money; and then, from a high morality
—political morality, of course—the United States
tells Texas, " You have disgraced yourselves by
the manner in which you have scaled your debts;
we will save you from disgrace by assuming the
debt; we will accept the draft which you have dis-
honored." I do not stand here to be the guardian
of Texas; not at all. But one thing is very cer-
tain; and I leave the proposition to the public to
say whether there is more political morality or
speculation in it.
Mr. PRATT. Mr. President, if I admitted
the obligation supposed to exist by the Senator
from South Carolina, E should, of course, agree
with him in opinion; but I do not think the obli-
gations of Texas have anything to do with the
question presented by this amendment. The sim-
ple question for us to consider is, whether the Gov-
ernment of the United States is bound for all these
debts. The Senator makes light of the proposi-
tion. I know him to be a good lawyer, and I ven-
ture to say now that he cannot answer the argu-
ment which so humble an individual as myself
may make on the subject.
Mr. President, I do not propose to say anything
as to the honor of Texas. Tne question here is,
whether the United States are liable for these debts
or not? If the United States be answerable for
them, then it is the honor of the United States,
not {he honor of T-exas, that we are to consider.
Now, 1 assume, as a legal proposition, which my
honorable friend from South Carolina cannot deny,
that whenever any State becomes, by compact,
amalgamated with another, the State into which
the sovereignty is merged is liable for all the obli-
gations of the government thus united with it.
My constituents are deeply interested in this
question* I do not intend to say aught against
Texas. I am speaking of the obligation of the
United States to pay my constituents the debt
which I beiieve is now due from this Government
to them.
Texas was a sovereign State; the United States
cannot deny that proposition; it must be conceded
by us, at least, that Texas was a sovereign State.
She has yielded that sovereignty to the United
States. What, permit me to ask, was pledged for
the payment of her debts? I differ here somewhat
from my honorable colleague. I say that the na-
tional faith of Texas, her faith as an independent
nation, was pledged. She has ceased to exist as a
nation. The United States now possess that former
sovereignty, which was originally pledged by Tex-
as for the payment of these debts. Now, I say that
it is a proposition of national law; running down
from the first elementary works to the latest wri-
ter on the subject, that where that case exists,
where the sovereignty of one State has been merged
in that of another, that the State into which it is
merged is liable for all the obligations of the other.
I hold before me Rutherforth's Institutes, who,
speaking of the effect of the union by compact of
two States into one, says:
u Since both States thus continue in this united body,
and neither of them ceases to exist, the right* and the obli-
gation of both will remain, and will become the rights and
obligations of the united body; that is, whatever rights be-
longed to each State separately before they were united,
wili afterwards be the rights of the collective State ; and
the same obligations that each State was under separately
before, the collective State will be under after wards.J >
You will find in all the elementary works, this
proposition broadly laid down, and it is, I submit,
a proposition right in itself. Texas was entitled
to enter into these obligations. She was a nation,
existing in the eyes of the civilized world as a na-
tion, when she entered into these obligations.
Mr. BAYARD. Allow me to ask the honora-
ble Senator from Maryland whether he argues that
the entire nationality of Texas was all amalga-
mated into the United States? Did her entire
sovereignty pass to the United States? I say the
entire nationality of the nation amalgamated with
another, must be destroyed, before the nation into
which it is amalgamated is liable for the debts of
the other.
Mr. PRATT. The Senator says that the entire
nationality must be destroyed. Now, I say the
entire nationality of Texas was destroyed. I do
not mean to say that she is not a State equal to
any in this Union. 1 am proud to consider her as
a sister State, equal to any other State in the
Union. But 1 say that Texas has surrendered
die entire nationality which was pledged for the
payment of these debts.
The proposition of my honorable colleague is,
that the United States are bound for that class of
debts for which she had pledged her revenue from
imposts, and which were, of course, expressly
ceded to this Union by her becoming a member
of it. No one can doubt that proposition. My
honorable friend from South Carolina says there
is nothing in it, but he adduced no argument to
show it.
Mr. BUTLER. I had not time to do so.
Mr. PRATT. Nor could you, if you had
time; nor can any man living refute the proposi-
tion, that so far as the obligations of Texas were se-
cured by her revenues from imposts which have been
surrendered to this Union, our Government having
taken those revenues, took them cum onere, and
are bound for the debts for which Texas pledged
them. But I go further, and I say that, in reference
to all the debts of Texas for which the national
faith was pledged, we, having assumed the na-
tionality which was pledged for their payment, as-
sumed the debt.
My honorable friend from Delaware has asked
me whether Texas surrendered her nationality,
her entire revenue, and ability to pay, which as a
nation she possessed antecedently to her annexa-
tion to this Union? Well, I say that she has
ceased to exist as a nation.
Mr. BAYARD. She possesses a quasi sover-
eignty.
Mr. PRATT. We have peculiar institutions.
The sovereignty which she possesses is a quasi
sovereignty; but the sovereignty which she had
pledged for the payment of these debts was an
absolute sovereignty, and has been surrendered.
She entered into these debts as a nation. As a
nation she has ceased to exist; and she is now a
member of this Union, possessing, as my friend
says, a quasi sovereignty; but not possessing the
sovereignty which was pledged for the payment
of those debts. It is sufficient, however, for the
purpose of this argument, to show, what cannot
be successfully denied by any one, that the class
of debts embraced by the amendment were se-
cured by an express pledge of revenues of Texas
which have been surrendered to the United States.
In regard, therefore, to the class of debts affected
by the amendment under consideration, Texas
has surrendered to the United States the revenues
which she had pledged for their payment; and in
regard to them the Senators from South Carolina
and Delaware must admit that Texas has ceased
to be sovereign; and by the admission necessa-
rily inferred from their argument, we (the United
States) are answerable for them, thAthing, the
revenue, pledged by Texas for their payment,
now belonging to the United States, and she re-
ceiving the money arising from it. This proposi-
tion, therefore, with due submission to the judg-
ment of others, I say cannot be successfully de-
nied with reference to that class of debts intended
to be embraced by this amendment, because, by
assuming the means which Texas pledged for
their payment, the United States with them neces-
sarily assumed the payment of the debt for which
those means were pledged.
I certainly, sir, did not expect to be called upon
to enter into an argument on this subject. I agree
with those who think we have not time to consider
it; and I am informed by my honorable friend from
Indiana, that, if this subject is to be considered,
he intends to offer, as an amendment to the amend-
ment, the bill proposed by my colleague. Now,
sir, for the purpose of testing whether the Senate
will consider the amendment or not, I move to lay
the amendment on the table.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Badger in
the chair.) The honorable Senator perhaps is not
aware that that motion carries the bill with it.
Mr. PRATT. Then I withdraw the motion.
Mr. WALKER. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
Mr. BORLAND called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered, and being taken, resulted
—yeas 22, nays 18; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bright, Brooke, Butler, Chase, Clarke,
Clemens, Davis,De Saussure, Hamlin, Meriwethet, Miller,
Morton, Pearce, Pratt, Shields, Smith, SouJe, Spruance,
Stockton, Underwood, Wade, and Walker—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Badeer, Bayard, Borland,
Bradbury, Brodhead, Charlton, Dodge of Iowa, Douglas,
Fish, Houston, Hunter, James, Jones of Iowa, Mallory,
Mason, Rusk, and Weller—K8.
So the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, August 27, 1852.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a.m. Prayer
by the Rev. C. M. Butler.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER. The business first in order
is reports from the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
Mr. MILLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise to a priv-
ileged question.
Mr. OLDS. I ask the consent of the House
to report a bill. I will not occupy five minutes'
time.
Mr. MILLSON. That can be done after the
morning hour. I rise to a privileged question. I
wish to call up the motion to reconsider the vote
by which the House some time ago referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union House bill No. 273, making further ap-
propriation for the satisfaction of Virginia military
land warrants.
Mr. PENN. I insist upon my right to the
floor for the purpose of reporting from the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
JUDGE JOHN C. WATROUS.
The SPEAKER. Before the gentleman pro-
ceeds, the Chair would like to have the indulgence
of the House to present a memorial from Judge
John C. Watrous. That gentleman has addressed
a letter to the House, which he asks may be read
and referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The letter is very short.
There was no objection, and the letter was read
as follows:
Washington, August 27, 1852.
To the Honorable Linn Boyd, Speaker of the House of
Representatives of the United States—
Sir: About the commencement of the present session of
Congress, a memorial was presented, signed by a certain
William Alexander, of Galveston, Texas, pravwg for an
investigation into my conduct as Federal judgeof the dis-
trict couit of that State. It was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary of the House, and a thorough examination
of the charges has been prosecuted by the committee. T
understand that committee is prepared to report on the sub-
ject, and T feel the deepest interest in the earliest practica-
ble report. Cases of much importance, both civil and crim-
inal, are depending in the Federal district court of Texas for
trial; but in the present state of the investigation of my con-
duct, f do not feel justified in acting in these cases. If I am
guilty ofanyofthechaiges preferred against me, I ought not
to Mt on the bench, and would feel it incumbent on me to
decline to serve. F feel persuaded that the House of Repre-
sentatives will afford the committee an opportunity to re-
port, both in justice to the people of Texas as well as to
myself. Assailed and calumniated as I have been, I re-
spectfully appeal to the House of Representatives for that
justice, which I look for to no other source.
Respectfully, your obedient servant,
JOHN C. WATROUS.
The question now being upon the motion to
refer to the Committee on the Judiciary,
Mr. SCURRY said: I wish to say a word in
relation to this matter. During this controversy
I have abstained, as far as a man could well do,
from taking any part in the investigation into the
conduct of this man before the Committee on the
judiciary. I know the fact well, that in my own
district, nineteen out of every twenty of my con-
stituents are opposed to him, and knowing that
fact, it places me in a situation which is very em-
barrassing. Now, sir, for my seat upon this
floor, or for any considerations whatever, I would
