1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
607
sioned officer, musician, or private, shall be dis-
abled by wounds or otherwise while in the line of
his duty, he shall be place'd upon the roll of inva-
lid pensioners of the United States." That is the
whole of it; that was the contract under which
General McNeill entered the army. Sir, this
act was passed in anticipation of a war with Great
Britain. It was published to the whole country
by authority of Congress. And for what pur-
pose was it published? It was published to in-
duce brave and patriotic citizens all over the land
to enroll themselves in our army. It was m view
of the provisions of that act—in view of the boun-
ties and promises therein set forth, that thousands
of brave men rushed to their country's standard,
and among- them General McNeill, there to brave
the dangers of war, and even death ifself, in de-
fence of their country's rights and honor. How
did they understand this act? How did they un-
derstand this language? Why, as every other
unsophisticated and sensible man would under-
stand it. They understood it to mean what it
said-—nothing more and nothing less. The lan-
guage is plain, diieel, and imperative. The con-
ditions upon which the disabled soldier was to be
placed upon the invalid pension list 'were plain
and unmistakably set forth. The claimant must
be an officer, non-commissioned officer, musician,
or private; and must have been disabled, and that
disability must have bee*! inflicted while in the
line of his duty in the public service. That was
all—all the conditions precedent; and I maintain
that when they concur m behalf of the soldier,
that his claim to be placed upon the pension roll
of the United States is complete. It becomes an
absolute right, a vested right, and the Govern-
ment cannot absolve itself from performing its
part of the contract without a gross violation of
the rules of justice and plighted faith.
Sir, I maintain—and with great confidence he-
fore this body—that the only legitimate inquiry
here is, does the claimant come within the de-
scription of persons named in the 14th section of
that act ? Was he an officer ? Was he disabled ?
Was he so disabled while in the line of his duty—
while in the public service ? If we have a right to
go further than this, and place constructions and
raise implications upon a law nowhere suggested
in the law itself, so as to make the right to be
placed upon the pension roll dependent upon em-
ployment, profession, or occupation, whether the
claimant be in the army or out of the army, where
will you stop? What limits are there to all sorts
of constructions and implications which the Gov-
ernment may see lit to raise m regard to their con-
tracts? None, sir; none at all.
Sir, I maintain—it having been established that
General McNeill was wounded while in the line
of his duty in the pubhcservice—that it is a breach
of the plighted faith of this Government to say to
him, " Why, yourright to apension is notsecure;
it depends upon your profession, whether it he
arms or civil life." Sir, whence did such a con-
struction arise? It has arisen, as I have suggest-
ed, from the rule Jn the War Department declar-
ing, " that no officer, so long as he remains in the
army, shall be placed upon the pension roll of the
United Stales." Sir, what is a disability, if that
is a test? Why, by the provisions of that rule a
disability is nothing more nor less than this: It is
no matter how severely an officer may be wounded
or disabled while lighting the battles of his coun-
try—no matter if he has lost an arm, a leg, or an
eye—no matter, though literally riddled from head
to foot, if he only survives—yet his right to apen-
sion does not accrue to him. He must resign his
commission in the army in order to make him a
disabled man!
Now, sir, I am curious to know by what sys-
tem of logic or process of reasoning a proposition
so monstrous as that, so unnatural in its character,
can be established ? Am I told—for this is the
only argument upon the other side—am I told that
so long as a man remains in the army he receives
all his pay as an officer, and thereby is enabled to
obtain a livelihood, although disabled, but so soon
as he resigns his commission he is unable to do
so? Sir, this is presumption altogether—that an
officer is not enabled to gain a livelihood, although
disabled and out of the army.
No doubt, sir, that this law did contemplate a
pension in the view that a disability would detract
from the ability of an invalid to gain a livelihood.
True; but did it contemplate anything more? Is
that all that it contemplates ? Are stiffened joints
and shattered limbs nothing? Is adecrepid and
deformed frame nothing? Are severe sufferings
and pains nothing? Are all the extra expenses
which every officer so disabled must incur, from
day to day, nothing? Does not the statute con-
template these things as a disability? Most sure-
ly, sir, in my opinion—most surely; and the most
material part of the disability.
Sir, disability consists, in my judgment, as much
in the deprivation of the enjoyments of life and
the power of retaining property which an officer
already has, as it does in the loss of physical
strength and the power to acquire property. If I
am right in this—-and I should like to have this
argument noted—then do not these disabilities
apply with equal force to an officer while in the
army as it does while out of it ? Is it the-policy of
this Government—was it ever its policy—to say to
the brave and gallant soldiers of your army, so
soon as you are wounded, so soon as you become
disabled in consequence of fighting the battles of
your country, however desirable and important it
may be to retain your services there, yet you can-
not receive the bounties provided for the disabled
and wounded soldier until you resign your com-
mission and retire to private life? Are these brave
men, in the face of an unconditional statute, to be
thus told ? 1 hope not.
I will ask the attention of the Senate for a mo-
ment to another view of this case. I have said
that the rule of the War Department, to which I
have alluded, has not been a universal rule. While
it has been enforced m some cases most rigidly, it
has been dispensed with in others. The firs%c!ass
of cases to which I will call the attention of the Sen-
ate is that of officers who weie.disabled in the war
of 1812—who were dropped temporarily from tjie
peace establishment, placed upon the pension roll
of the United States, and afterwards restored to
the army. The Department says, m regard to that
class of officers, that having once been placed upon
the pension roll, the Department does not feel at
liberty to strike them off, and so they have re-
ceived both their pay and their invalid pensions.
1 do not complain of that. It is all right. They
have received, in my judgment, nothing more than
their legal rights. But what I complain of is this:
that other officers, equally meritonous, who have
been disabled, and who have not been dropped
from the army at all, have been refused pensions
for their disabilities and wounds. My judgment
is, that if this rule means anything, it should ap-
ply equally to both classes. This construction of
the statute—this rule—is either a legal and true
construction of that statute, or it is not. If it is
the true construction, then it is the statute itself,
and it cannot be suspended by the Executive ex-
cept by a violation both of law and duty. If it is
not the true legal construction of the act, then it
is no part of it, is repugnant to it, and cannot be
enforced without a like violation both of law and
duty.
I will call the attention of the Senate for a mo-
ment to a case directly in point. It is that of the
gallant Colonel Preston. I call the attention of
the Senate to it for two objects: lirst, to show that
Congress has interfered, and has granted arrears
of pensions in a case precisely similar to this; and,
secondly, I refer to it for the purpose of showing
that this rule, which has been construed one way
to-day and another way to-morrow, which has
given pensions to some disabled officers while it
has refused them to others, was claimed by the
Executive to be nothing more nor.less than an ex-
ecutive regulation, not necessary to the original
pension law, but a regulation which the Execu-
tive could at any moment suspend. Colonel Pres-
ton was an officer in the same war as General
McNeill. He was wounded in November, 1813.
He continued in the service until the aimy was
disbanded, .Tune 15, 1815. He was allowed by
the Department his invalid pension from that time,
but was refused it from the time he was wounded
until the time he left the service, because, m the
first place, he was an officer m the service, and
received his pay as such from the time he was
wounded, in November, 1813, to the time of his
discharge, in June, 1815; and, m the second place,
because he had made no application for a pension
until after his discharge. He appealed to Con-
gress to pay him the invalid pension for the period
intervening between the time he received his
wound and the time he left the service, although he
had received full pay as an officer (luring the same
period. What did Congress do? On the 14th of
July, 1832, they passed an act, the sixth sec-
tion of which provided for his relief. What was
the decision of the War Department thereon fully
appears in a correspondence which took place be-
tween the then Commissioner of Pensions and the
head of the War Department—the latter officer
being my distinguished friend, the present Senator
from Michigan, [Mr. Cass,] which I will read,
because it goes to show that what I have stated in
regard to this rule and the whole case is true:
War Department, >
Tension Officf, January 3, t 33. J
Sir : The act of 14th July, 1832, chapter 260, section 6,
directs the Secretary of War to place the name of J. P.
Pieston on the invalid pension ioII, as an officer of the
late war, and to allow him the amount which would have
been duo him liad he made hi.* application at the time he
received his wound. In November, 1813. when Colonel
Pre>ton was wounded, the practice ofthis Department was
not to allow a pension toanyofficei wlnle m the seiviee.
Tf Colonel Preston had, theio'oie, at that tunc applied, he
could not have obtained a pension, agieeably to the existing
rule, unless he had iirst resigned his commission, in which
ca^o the pension would have commenced at the time of Ins
resignation.
Upon the principle adopted by the Department, Colonel
Preston's pension was allowed from the time when his pay
as an officer ceased The Colonel remained in the service
till the atmy was disbanded, on the 15lh June, 1815, from
which period his stipend has been paid.
JAMES L. EDWARDS.
Hon. Lfwis Cass.
To this letter the Secretary of War replied as
follows:
Department of War, January 3, 1833.
In the case of Colonel Preston, piesented by Mr. Mason,
[ am ol opinion that the pension allowed by the act of Con-
gie-js of July 14, 1832, should commence trom the duv Col-
onel Preston received his wound, and m this opinion the
Attorney Geneial coincides,. Fiom the phra^eologv of the
law, His evident to me that Congtcss consideied the day
of the disability as the proper peuod for the commencement
of the pension. He is allowed ''the same amount winch
would have been due to htm had he made his application
at the time he received his wound." If the practice of the
office, which did not allow the granting a pension to an
officer wlnle m service, cguld contiol the above provision,
the period lixed by the legislature would be mopeiative and
useless.
[f call the attention of the Senate to this portion
which 1 shall next read, to show that J have
stated this matter correctly:]
Thai practice was not required by the original pension
law. It was a matter of Executive regulation* and might
at any tnne haic been dispensed with ly Executive author-
ity. If Congres-. had intended it should have been ad-
hered to m his case, the provision would naturally have
been, Colonel Pieston should receive his pension from the
period when he quit the army. The reference to an ear-
lier period mu<t have had some meaning; and the only
rational construction t can put upon the clause is, that Col-
onel Prelum'* pension should commence when his disabil-
ity commenced—the object ol the act being clearly to dis-
pense with the application, and to fix itself the time from
which the pension should be drawn.
It may be added that, subsequently to this time, instances
occuucd in which pensions were panted to officeis of the
army while they continued in service.
LEWIS CASS.
Here is the verification of all I have said: that
the rule has not been an invariable one, but that
it has been adhered to and suspended at the Ex-
ecutive discretion. But I have said enough upon
this point to show that this case is precisely in
point, and that the rule has been vacillating and
not uniform. A few words more, and 1 have
done.
I contend that this bill ought to pass, upon the
ground of even-handed justice. 1 contend that
disabled officeis of the army should be placed
upon the same footing as the gallant and disabled
officers of the navy. Can any reason be as-
signed why a pension should be given to the offi-
cers of the navy from the date of their wounds,
and not to the officers of the army' The same
rule, 1 believe, applied to officers of the navy and
army prior to 1837, when Congress passed a law
for the benefit of wounded and disabled seamen.
By the second section of that act of March 3,
1837, it is provided—
"That the pensions which may have been granted, or
which may hereaiter be gianted, to officer-, seamen, and
manner in the naval t-eivicc, disabled by wounds oi m-
junes leeeived wlnle in the hneof their duty, shall be con-
sidered to commence from the time ot then being so dis-
abled ; and that the amount or pennon to winch said officeis,
seamen, and maunes maybe entitled, shall he regulated
accoiding to the pay of thenavj,as it existed on the first
day of January, 1815.v
Under this law, the officers of the navy drew
pensionsfrom the time they were wounded, though
they held their commissions in the navy* and
drew full pay during the same time-
