1520
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 8.
public lands to aid in the construction of certain
railroads in said State. .
Mr. COOPER. As this bill was laid over on
Monday at my suggestion, and as I had called for j
the yeas and nays thereon, I now ask the unatf- !
imous consent of the Senate to withdraw the call j
for the yeas and nays. I
The call for the yeas and nays was withdrawn,
and the amendment of the House of Representa-
tives was concurred in.
ROADS IN MICHIGAN.
On the motion of Mr. FELCH, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider, as in Committee of the Whole,
the bill granting to the State of Michigan the right
of way and a donation of public land, for the pur-
pose of constructing a road from Saginaw to Mon-
treal river, with a branch from the Grand river,
into the same. The Committee on Public Lands
reported a substitute for the bill.
Mr. PELCH. I will state that the amendment
reported by the committee is in the usual form of
these bills, except that it only grants one section
instead of six for the purpose of making a road—
not a railroad. It goes through a portion of the
country where, at the present time, there are no
settlements. There is no population along the
line of the proposed road, but only at the extremes.
Mr. CHASE. Where is the road ?
Mr. PELCH. It is a road from Grand river,
in the lower peninsula of Michigan, going thence,
by way of the Sault Ste. Marie, to the upper pen-
insula, through a mineral country just beginning
to be opened. There is not a foot of road in the
whole northern peninsula of Michigan. This is
the first attempt to get a road there. When this
bill was originally reported, it was for a road with j
a branch. Since that time a bill h;is been passed |
making agrant for a railroad covering that branch. |
[ wish now to amend the amendment of the com- ,
mittee by striking out that portion which was pro- i
viued for in the railroad bill which was passed the ^
other day. For that purpose I move to strike out |
of the amendment the word " Saginaw," and in-
sert " Grand river;" and also to strike out " and
of a branch leading to the same from Grand river*,"
and again, to strike out '' one hundred feet,'' and
insert " fifty feet." 1
The amendments to the amendment were agreed j
to. I
The first section of the amendment of the com- j
mittee, as thus amended, provides:
"That the richt of way through the public land' lie nnd j
the same is hcieby granted to the Htate of Michigan, tor
the construction o't'a rouil from (Jrand river to the Montreal j
river, by tllft wavoftheSaultSte. Millie, msaid State, with I
the right also to take the necessary materials of earth, stone, >
anil timber, for the con^tmelion thereof, from the public j
iiunl-i ot the United Strifes ndiacem to said road : Provide it,
That the right of way shall not exceed fifty feet on each
side of the line or said road; and a copy of the survey of
said load, made llndei the direction of the l.c^islaune,
slnll he forwarded to the ptopcr local htndofliees, respect-
ively, and to the (ienei.tl Land Ollicc at Washington enj,
Within ninety days alter the completion of tlic s.uni. "
The amendment of the committee wfts further
amended, on the motion ofMr. FELCH, by insert-
ing a provision that the lands reserved to the Uni-
ted States shall from time to time be offered at
public, sale, and shall not be subject to entry until
so ofl'ered.
The amendment as amended was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate, and the
amendments were concurred in.
The question was stated to be, Shall this bill be
engrossed and read a third time?
Mr. CIIASE. I should like to inquire of my
friend from Michigan, if this road is proposed to
be constructed ori the same principle which gov-
erned the construction of the Maumec road in
Ohio ? Is the grant a mile wide throughout its
extent:
Mr. PELCH. The bill grants alternate sec-
tions for a mile in width on each side of the road.
Mr. CHASE. That road, 1 believe, extends
through a considerable tract of country composed
almost entirely of public land, and is laid olf
throughout its entire extent for a mile wide. It
was intended, I believe, fur a turnpike road,
ask if the same principle prevails in this bill ?
Mr, CHASE. I believe it is.
Mr. FELCH. A part of the route will prob-
ably very soon require the construction of a plank
road. This bill, however, does not define the
kind of road which is to be built. It will be a
turnpike road, or a plank road, as circumstances
require. As it stands now, of course it is compe-
tent to make either. The bill makes the same
grant as those which were made for the earlier
| roads in Ohio. The one to which the Senator
| from Ohio has referred was, I believe, a common
I turnpike road. j
I I will state further, that this road is to com-
! mence on the Grand river, which is a river flow-
i ing in the lower peninsula into Lake Michigan,
! about midway, perhaps, of the lake. It extends
! through a portion of country very little of which
is sold, and which a few years ago was regarded
as very poor land, but which, however, on further
investigation, proves to be a good farming coun-
try. It is very desirable now that some commu-
nication should be had with the settlements upon
Grand river. There is none at the present time.
The only access now is from the lake. This
road is to pass through a region where much of
i the land is good for cultivation. Other por-
tions of it are pinelands. ltextends to the north-
ern peninsula, which is very well known, (and of
I which 1 need s^y nothing,) as a region offering
; very great inducements on account of its mineral
| resources. There is within that peninsula not a
| single mile of road of any description, except
! roads running back from the river to the mines
| for half a mile or a mile, made by the individuals
' engaged in the mining business. There is no ac- 1
I as well as to the people there. I repeat, I do not
! think there is one State in theWestin which roads
: of this description have not been made. There is
! no new principle involved in this bill. The rise
in value of the property of the United States which
| will result from the making of this road, will be
I certainly, in proportion to the amount of lands
j granted, as great as the benefit resulting from the
i making of railroads.
! Mr. DAWSON. I understand that thoroughly,
i I recollect, however, that the Cumberland road
! was carried on by appropriations from the Gen-
■ eral Government. It becamea great political ques-
1 tion; it was one of the test questions down to the
year 1836; and certainly it cannotbe distinguished
j: from the question now presented to us, because
!j the Cumberland road was built by money appro-
i priated from the Treasury. I am sure the Sena-
!: tor from Michigan will not say that it should be a
j| precedent now for us to appropriate money to
I j build another road like it. This is the first time
i since I have been on the floor of the Senate, where
i appropriations so extensiveas this, through acoun-
i try unoccupied and unsettled, were proposed to be
; madeby theGovernmentforthepurposeofmaking
1 a road. This bill proposes to give a strip of land a
i mile in width, throughout the whole extent, for
i the purposeof making a road, three hundred miles
in length. Towns may be built up within that
I strip of land, and the State of Michigan may thus
I derive an immense amount from ihe sale of town
iots in the course of time.
! I know that gentlemen from the new States
think that this opposition to such bills is possibly
unkind; but they ought to recollect that all these
cess to that country at all, except by water along I1 lands were paid for out of the common fund,
the lake. The design is at this time to make some /
provision by which we may be secured in roads
such as have been given ordinarily to new Tern- !
tones on their settlement. i
Mr. DAWSON. What is the extent of the !
road ? I
Mr. FELCH. I suppose its whole length will |
be about three hundred miles. j
Mr. DAWSON. Mr. President, I think it j
wrong to undertake to decide this question now, i
with such a thin Senate. It seem3 to me that we 1
have descended from railroads to turnpike and I
plank roads. It is proposed now to build a road j
three hundred miles in length, through an unset- j
tied country, and to appropriate public lands for i
that puipose. How many miles on each side of j
the road is it proposed to take land ? j
Mr. FELCH. A strip of land a mile wide is j
granted. i
Mr. DAWSON. I dislike to interpose, for I I
know how unavailing opposition to these bills has j
I been heretofore. But this certainly involves a very j
1 important principle. - It involves, it seems to me, j
the same principle which the Cumberland road in- j
volved. It is an internal improvement, upon the j
same principle and to a greater extent, t trn.st
tb.it the Senator ti om Michigan will permit the;
bill to be over until tiie Senate shell be full. I de~ :
sire to look mto it. Vv e ought not to pass a
measure of this kind hastily. 1 won'd suggest. ;
; therefore, that the bill be passed over, particularly j
' us we might run foul of some of our old principles, :
Whig or Democratic, and might get up a discus
We
see now, that according to the legislation pro-
posed to be passed by both branches of Congress,
all the public lands are to go, not for the gen-
eral pui poses of the country, but to individuals
and States, and in opposition to the rights of
all who are settled permanently as citizens, and
who have been sustaining the Government for
years. According to some propositions before
Congress, unless a man shall be driven from his
home and the place of his birth into the new States
and settle there, he is not permitted to enjoy any
portion of his right in the public lands. Tf we
would reflect upon it for a moment, we should not
hurry it through so soon. Genilemen ought to
give us an opportunity at least to endeavor to do
something to secure the rights of the old States to the
public domain—to march up in defense of our rights
m opposition to these vast appropriations. I am
as unwilling as any gentleman on this floor to
embarrass any of the new States in their growth
and prosperity, but 1 do not like to contribute out
of the common funds of the country, too much to
them. At a time like this, when the Senate is in
the condition it is, T think the Senator ought not
hastily to press this proposition.
Mr* CASS. Mr. President, the Senator from
Georgia will allow me to say that he is under a
to'nl iisisnpoivliensioa upon this subject This
has no relation to the Cumberland roaii. In ihat
ens," appropriations of vast sums of money were
made by Congress for a road i.n Maryland, Vir-
ginia, Pennsylvania, and Ohio—in the old States
of ihe Union. This is no such appropriation. It
doesnot bring up thequestion of internal improve-
ment. This is a road through the land of the
| sion of the question of internal improvements to- j
: day; and we all know that this is a very bad time j
' to discuss any political question, especially before |( United States.
a thin Senate. I hope the Senator will consent to ! the management
let the bill he over for the present. I
, Mr. CASS. Mr. President, 1 think the lion- \
orable Senator from Georgia, on reflection, will not
require that this bill shall be postponed. He sup-
' poses we are coming down from railroads to turn-
pikes and other roads. Why, as early as 179(3, j
; the same tiling was done, by a grant for the con- 1
. struction of a road from Wheeling to Limestone !
i —now the town of Maysville—through the State 1
of Ohio. The same thing has been done in almost 1     ..   
every one of the Western States. Lands have !'that question, every railroad bill involves it. The
been granted to them for the purpose of making i gentleman says this road is to be three hundred
1 1 turnpike and other roads throughout the whole ! miles in length. He must recollect that the rail-
' public domain, before railroads were invented, j. road from Chicago to Cairo is to be nearly four
The bill proposes to give land and
lit of* it to the State of Michigan,
for th.e purpose of making a road, and avoids the
question of internal improvement.. This bill pre-
sents precisely ihesamequestion which is involved
in every railroad bill that you have before you. It
has no relation at all to the question of internal
improvement. It brings up the old proprietary
question, which we have so often discussed. I
thought the position had been abandoned, that the
granting of public lands in this way involved the
question of internal improvement. If this involves
Mr. I^ELCH. It is the same. I think that | Here is a tract of country, extending along Lake
was a grant of a mile wide for the purpose of!; Superior, which, as my colleague truly says, has i
making a road. i not a single road throughout Jts whole extent, j
Mr.°DAWSOIN". I have not even heard the | The country belongs to the United States, from |
bill read. Do 1 understand, iowever, that it is ,j one end of it to the other. All that is asked is a 1
for the purposeof ereating; and establishing a turn- j* strip of a mile in width to construct a road, which
pike road? j will be of vast importance to the public property, !
huudred miles.
: Mr. D'VWSON". I know that.
' Mr. CASS. In that case, six sections were
granted on each side of the road; in this case only
one is asked. Allow me to say to the honorable
Senator, that the State of Michigan has had less
land granted to her than any State of the Union.
