THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS f3 FOR THIS SESSION-
32d Cokgxuwss, 1st Session.
SATURDAY, AUGUST 28, 1852.
New Series No. 150.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I move to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time, and to lay the
motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to;
The bill was then read the third time.
Mr. HALL. I demand the previous question
upon the passage of the bill.
Tiie call for the previous question was seconded,
and the main question was oidered to be put.
Mr. JOHN W. HOWE. I demand the yeas
and nays upon the passage of the bill.
Mr. HENN. Has the bill been engrossed?
The SPEAKER, ft has been oidered to be
engrossed and read a third time and has been read
the third time, and the gentleman's objection comes
too late.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The hill was then passed.
Mr. H A.LL. i move to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed, and to lay the motion
lo reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was ogreed to.
The SPEAKER. The business in order is re-
ports from the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
POSTAGE BILL.
Mr. OLDS. J ask the unanimous consent of
the House to take from the Speaker's table the
postage bill, which has been returned from the
Senate with several amendments.
There was no objection, and the bill was taken
up for consideration.
The Clerk rend the first amendment of the Sen-
ate, as follows:
Stiike from the first section of the bill the following icte>.
Each ne\v«paper, pamphlet, penodical, magazine, book,
bourn! oi unbound, eircnla., catalogue, and eveiy oth<T de-
scription of printed rnattei unconnected with any inami-
sciipt or writing, arid of no greater weie'ii than two ounces,
•-hall be charged with one cent po-ta^i.', and one cent toi
each additional ounce oi fraction oi an ouuee, lor any dis-
tance under thrcis thousand mile-; and for any distance
over three thousand rniie<. double tbo-e iat^. All news-
papers and periodicals not \ve> hu«a: ovei one ounce, and
pubh-hed reiaii.uU as <nten as once in three mouths, and
sent from the ofllce o! publication t<> actual Mihscuber*,
shall be changeable with only one hall' the foregoing rates :
Provided, That ail newepapeis and pel sodicais not weigh-
in? over tsvo ounce1-, when sent to actual sub-cribec within
the State whore such papers and penodicals are published,
shall be entitled to the lcdurtion pro\ ided tor m this sec-
tion. The postage on all printed mailable matter shall he
prepaid at the office where it k mailed, oi paid quartrilv. ;
in advance, at tin1 office of dehverv ; otherwise, double the I
foregoing lates shall be chafed tlieie<m ;M j1
—and insert m hsu of them the following: jj
u^cw^papi:i?,peno(hcaN, and all other pnntedniattei, not [ ]
exccediiiii three ounces m wei^lit, shall he sent to any pait j i
of the United States tot one cent; and for every additional j.
ounce oi fraction ot an ounce, one cent; and when the J;
postage is paid quaiieily, or yarh, in advance, either at J
the oftice where the saM* new-papei or periodical j-. mailed j;
or dehveied, one hall of <,aid rates only shail be chained. n
Newspaper-: not \vei2inn<> ovei one ounce and a half, wjien j
calculated m the £ta>>'\< heic puUu-fied, shall he chared i:
one half of the iate« bc-loie naioed: PionJeJ. That small ;
new-paper*, published monthly, or o.'tener, wiien sent m i,
packages to one address, and piepaul bv aliixni" ^tamp? |
theieto, shall he <.h«ir eal Je .ahull oi a cent lot each ounce !
or fraction of pn ounce Po-t.ijie on tsaiNjent manor -diall i
be piepaid, or shall l e chained double the toi-egoiu^'iates,'1
Mr. OLDS. I a:n instructed by the Committee ,
on the Post Office and Post Roads to move to
strike out that Senate amendment, i ml to insert '
in lieu thereof the following: ;
"Each newspaper, penodical, unsealed cnculor, or otiiei
ajueie of piinied matter, not exceeding three ounces in j
wuisht, shall he sont to any pait of the tinted Stares ha one J
eent, and foreveiy additional ounce, orfiac'iion of ail ounce, [
one cent additional snail he chained; and \\heu the postage ,
upon any newspaper or pet unheal is paid quaitcth, or
veailv, in advance, at the office where the said peiiodieal ;
or newspaper is dchveied, oi i- paid }early, oi quar!o iy,
jn advance, at the oftice whctc the same is mailed, and evi-
dence of sueii pavnieut is fium-hed to the ollieeof deltveiy
in siuch manner a-s the Po-i oflice Depaitmentshall In gen-
eial legulation^ pre.seiilk;, one iiah' ol said i.ites only shall
be eliciiged. W\\ -1) qicis iii.'J p"nodiCi«l  not weighing ov ci
one ouneo nnd a in!., uhci nfulated in the State where ,
published, shall be charter! one half of the latea before ■
' mentioned ; Provided. That small newspapers and period- i
icais published monthly, or oftcner, and pamphlets not con- j
taming moie than sixteen octavo pages each, when sent in I
single packages, weighing at least eight ounces, to one ad-
dress, and prepaid by affixing postage stamps theieto, shall
be charged only half of a cent for each ounce or fraction ot
an ounce, notwithstanding the postage calculated on each
sepaiate article of such package would exceed thatamount.
The postage on all transient matter shall be piepuid by
stamps or otherwise, or shall be charged double theiates
first above mentioned.
That merely changes the phraseology of the]
amendment of the Senate, which the Postmaster ,1
General says would leave a doubtful construction.
The words are left precisely as the Senate seni
them to tis, only periodicals are put upon the same ;
footing with newspapers. I call for the previous ,,
question.
The call for thepreviousquestion was seconded, l,
and the main question was ordered to be put. !■
The question was taken, and the amendment .
was agreed to. {
The Clerk then read the second amendment of
the Senate, as follows: ,1
" Insert after the word c matter,' tn the second section, j,
the words 'and shall be chargeable with postage at one j
4 cent an ounce for all distances under three thousand mile-, |
1 and two cents an ounce for all distances ovei thieo thou- i1
c sand miles, to which fifty per eent. shall be added in all i
1 eases where the same shall be sent without being prepaid I
so that the section shall lead: j
"'Hooks bound or unbound, not weighing ovei four j
'pounds shall he deemed mailable matter, and shall be j
'chargeable with postage at one cent an ounce loi all dis- i
< tSMPeos,**&e. :
Mr. OLDS. TheCommittee on the Post Office !
and Post Roads recommend a concurrence in that |
amendment. j
The amendment was concurred in. :
Mr. OLDS. I will now ask that the post route '
bill be taken up for consideration. ,
Mr. BROOKS. I will state to the House, that j
the Senate have put upon this bill from fifty-four j
to sixty pages of new matter without any debate. |
I desire time to read it.
Mr. OLDS. When the bill was passed before |
the question was asked me, whether the bill con- '
tamed other matter than post routes, and I replied '
that it did not; but since it went to the Senate,
! they have put upon it three or four bills, reported ,
! from the Post Office Committee of this House. I j
i deem it proper to state such is the fact; because, |
when they have been read by members, I shall ,
1 move the bill be taken up, and call for the pie- j
vious question. The amendment can then be re-,
jected or agreed to.
Mr. BROOKS. I object to taking up the bill. ,
SURVEY OF LANDS IN CALIFORNIA. 1
Mr. HALL. There ts a bill upon the Speaker's ;
; table relating to the public lands in the State of j
1 California. It provides for the salt* of lands and !
| for granting preemption rights. I ask the unani-
. mous consent of the House to take up that bill.
i If there is any objection, I will move to suspend
the rules.
; Mr. PENN. I object. ;
1 Mr. HALL. I move to suspend the rules if it |
1 he m order.
The SPEAKER. It js not in ord^r diuin^ the '
morning hour.
Mr. OLDS, from the Committee on the Post
, Olfi'-e and Post Roads, to which was referred the
petition of Thompson Barnett, made a report
thereon, accompanied by a joint resolution foi hm
■ relief; which was read a first and second nrae,
: committed to a committee of the Whole Hoi^e,
, made the order of the day for to-morrow, and the
, resolution and report ordered to be printed.
!, Mr. PENN, from the same comrmifee, re-
; ported bills and joint resolutions of the following
titles, viz:
A bill for the relief of Samuel F. Bultenvorth.
A bill for the relief of James H. Jenkins,
A bill for the relief of John Think;
Joint resolution for the relief of the legal rep-
resentatives of Wade Allen, deceased; and a
Joint resolution granting the petition of William
■ and Matthew Moss;
—which bills and joint resolutions were severally
read a first and second time, and committed to a
committee of the Whole House, and made the
order of the day for to-morrow; and ordered, with
the reports accompanying, to be printed.
Mr. PENN, from the same committee, made
an adverse report upon the petition of Joseph C.
StoH; which was laid on the table, and oidered to
be printed.
Mr. DJMMfCK asked the unanimous consent
of the House to take up Senate bill No. 389, for
the rthef of Mrs. Mnry A. Davis, widow of
Daniel W. Davis, deceased.
Leave being granted, the bill was then read the
first and second time, and ordered to a third read-
ing.
"[The bill refunds ^;250 paid by Mrs. Davis for a
substitute in the Post Office Department, during
the sickness of her husband.")
The bill was then read the third time, and passed.
BENJAMIN S. ROBERTS.
Mi.EDGERTON. I would ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to take up Senate hill
No. for the relief of Benjamin S. Roberts.
I think there can be no debate upon this bill, as it
is a clear eas^, and appeals to the justice of the
House. 1 have the i enort of the Senate upon the
subject, from which it appears that it passed there
unanimously, and 1 think that there can be no
question about it.
The SPEAKER. The irentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Eixjf.rton] asks the unanimous consent of
the House to take up bill No. 429.
Mr. JOHN W. HOWE. 1 object, and call
lor the regular order of business, whatever it is.
Mr. EIHjERTOX. If the gentleman ins'sts
■ upon his objection, so satisfied am I that this
; House will pass the bill, if they will hear it lead ,
' or understand it for a moment, that 1 feel myself
called upon, as an act of duty, to move a suspen-
sion of the rules.
The SPEAKER. That moiion is not in order
during the morning hour. Reports are in order
' from the Committee on the Post Office and Po^t
Ro.i c!s.
BONDED GOODS TRADE TO MEXICO.
Mr. SEYMOUR. I wish to ask the consent
of the House to take up a bill winch permits our
: citizens to take bonded £oods through Texas into
Mexico. It has aheady possed the Senate nnani-
mously, and hos been approved by the Commit-
tees on Commerce in both the House and Senate.
It hr>s been recommended by the Department, and
drawn up in pursuance of then- recommendation,
h b necessary to pcea it now, or our citizens,
who are trading to Mt'Meo wiij \o>e the wnoie
1 benefit of the fall trade.
j The bill wag then read as follows:
u An act autiioi i/.irm coot!-, w sue*, and merchandise, ei<-
teied and IxuhU <1 foi a'ehou-u)^ ni parlance oi Jaw. io
in- inn ted by (< it mo I'limv t" po: t-* 01 |>l.tce& in .Mexico. "
Air. CABLE, of Ohio. 1 object.
Mr. SEYMOUR. Is it in order to move a sus-
pension of ih< rulep;
The SPEAKER.
hour.
Mr. SEYMOUR.
'-■echo,
lot UU5'
the morning
w
id raw
\\ hole It (•! th
not lU the Si - '.t
let*^ ,n the early |.c
riouNe p:iss th.x b
tiK ibli tnale did-
and all they a.^v jh
goods ''Uo Me.x.'vi"
ltike them into flip
Air. OAI5LE.
u
pe th< uenilenrin will
'his year they h kt ti.e
:1! 11:^ .r-tde, hecai:.-e 1 con'n
usit -I bi 1 r'-'rn the cinnan:
,f {he se^-sii/o, end uuk-ss the-
il:ev will i ti'e beoclii . :
-. j'he "oufis
l\'L ,v-iiie [.ri\ih
thtit wo enjoy
pro\ iii(
1 withdraw n'v
urcIr-iHtd,
take tht..r
.'o,: pe.-al-
iU2' tbe reading of Hie bdl.
Mr. H0l7JS TO V iiujiured—ha - thr rnormr-;
hour expired r
The SL'i^AKKiC. it
Mr. iJOUSToX. rj'hen 1 rnov^ tSiat iheHooso
lesolve d>.eW'!uiot.i-cC oionnf ice of the Whole v><; :h ^
&tate of the Union, toi tin i uipo&e of finishing tho
Indian aj'pi'oprintiou loll. It will toke but a lew
moments.
The SPEAKER. Doe-; the gentleman s.ibnnt
that motion before this Lull is disposed of r
Mr. SEYMOUR. 1 hope that the gentlemen
150
