j m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 3?
has been already discussed, and has excited con-
sM^cable attention, to allow it to lie over for the
I hope the Senator from New
Hampshire will allow it to lie over.
" Mr. HALE. Will Senators allow me for a
single' moment? This is a simple resolution of
inquiry. We have already expended upwards of
$38,000 on this Nautical Almanac; we are now
asked to spend $19,000 more this year on it; and
X moved this resolution some days since, simply
for the purpose of obtaining information. The
•Senator from North Carolina [Mr. Badges] then
said "let it lie over;" but I have had some con-
versation with him siiice, and I do not suppose
. that he would now have the slightest objection to
'it. X desire to have the information, because if
'we are to spend $19,000 inore, I wish to know
what it is to be spent for.
Mr. MANGUM. I have no objection to the
resolution; but there are interrogatories contained
in it which may be susceptible of an interpretation
which may seem- to convey a degree of censure,
and perhaps my colleague would desire some mod-
ification of some part of the resolution; and I
think that as he has taken apparently a very de-
cided interest in this matter, it should he over till
he has an opportunity to be present. I move to
postpone the further consideration of the resolu-
tion till to-morrow.
Mr. GWIN. I hope the resolution may lie
over. It is a mere act of courtesy which I think
is duett) the Senator from North Carolina, [Mr.
Badger.] I have not the least possible objection
to its passage, but I think it will be better that it
should lie over till to-morrow.
Mr. HALE. 1 surely could not be guilty of
any want of courtesy to any one in this body, and
especially to the Senator from North Carolina.
Let it lie over.
Themotion to postpone the further consideration
of the resolution was agreed to.
WILLIAM MONEY.
Mr. GWIN. I ask the unanimous consent of
the Senate to take up Senate bill No. 440, for the
relief of William Money. It is to enable him to
refer his accounts to the Secretary of the Treas-
ury for settlement. The case has been examined
with great care by the Senator from Kentucky,
[Mr. Underwood,] and he has reported a bill for
the settlement of his accounts. That gentleman
.is in the city, and is in great want of a settlement
of his accounts. I hope the bill will be taken up
and passed.
The motion was agreed to.
The bill was then road a second time, and con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
vides that the Secretary of the Treasury shall in-
quire into the alleged seizure of fortv-five horses
ill California, by orders of GenenJ Ivearny, said
to be the property of Wilham Money, r;ui the
value of the horses thus seized, uud'Whicii were
appropriated to the use of the army of the United
States under the command of General Kearny,
and pay to the said Money, out of any money in
the Treasury, the value of each horse owned by
him, and so seized and used.
Mr. HALE. I move to amend the bill in the
same manner that similar bills have sometimes
been amended, by inserting m the proper place the
words "without interest."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was then reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred in;
and the bill was ordered to be engrossed for a i bird
reading.
THOMAS FLANNAtJAN.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I now move to post-
pone all prior orders for the purpose of proceeding
to the consideration of the bill for the relief ot
Thomas Flannagan, which was reported from the
Committee on Pensions this morning. The per-
son 'o whom the bill grants relief is eighty-eight
or eighty-nine years of age. He is very poor, and
receives a pension of only forty dollars from the
State of Pennsylvania. He has been three or four
years urging the passage of this bill, which has
passed the House of Representatives on two or
three occasions, and has been reported favorably
upon by committees in the Senate. I hope the
Senate will not hesitate to pass this bill if they are
satisfied that it ought to pass.
There being no objection, the motion to take up
the bill was agreed to, and jt was considered as j
in Committee of the Whole. The bill provides that
the Secretary of the Interior be directed to place
the name of Thomas Flannagan upon the list of
invalid pensioners at the rate of eight dollars per
month during his life, to commence on the fifth
day of July, 1847." It was reported to the Senate
without amendment, and ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading.
ADJOURNMENT OVElt.
Mr. HALE. I want to perform another act of
courtesy toward the Senator from North Carolina,
[Mr. Badger,] who is sick, and in his absence to
move that when the Senate adjourns, it adjourn to
meet on Monday next. j
Mr. GWIN. I hope the Senate'will not pass
over private bill day. It is very important that
we should not lose that day, and I hope the
motion will be postponed until to-morrow. The
Private Calendar has got behind in consequence
of the deficiency bill having taken the time that
belonged to private bills for several weeks past.
I hope we may have to-morrow for the consider-
ation of private bills.
The question*was taken, and, on a division,
there were—ayes 20, noes not counted.
So the motion was agreed to.
LEVEE ACROSS THE RIVER SAN DIEGO.
Mr. CLEMENS. I move to postpone the prior
orders, for the purpose of taking up Senate bill
No. 282. Itis a bill to provide for building a levee
across the mouth of the river San Diego, to divert
it into False Bay. When this bill was up, some
time since, it was postponed on my motion: Ihave
since examined it, and 1 withdraw any objection
tha't I may have had to it. With the consent of
the Senator from California, [Mr. Gwin,] I there-
fore move that it be now taken up.
The motion was agreed to, and the bill was read
a second time. It enacts that the sum of <$30,000
be appropriated, to he expended under the direc-
tion of the Secretary of the Navy, to build a levee
across the mouth of the river San Diego, to turn
it from the bay of San Diego into its former chan-
nel, in False Bay; provided, that no portion of the
appropriation shall be expended for the object in-
dicated, unless a contract can be made with re-
sponsible parties, giving ample security, to com-
plete die entire work for the sum named.
The bill having been considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole, was reported to the Senate
without amendment, and ordered to be engrossed
for a. third reading.
AMENDMENT OF THE RULES.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I submitted a resolu-
tion a short time since, for the amendment of the
rules of the Senate. If the Senate will act upon
that now, I think they will find for the residue of
term it will aid veiy much in the dispatch of
business. I will merely state the object of amend-
ment. which is to allow a motion to be made to lay
an amendment to a bill or a resolution upon the
table, without carrying the bill or resolution itself
with it. If such an amendment is made to our
rules, then the amendment which is proposed to a
; bill, and which might otherwise cause a discussion
j for weeks, and to which theSenate may be wholly
j averse, can be disposed of, and the Senate can go
! on with the consideration of the bill. It will be
j found, if we do not adopt some such amendment
j as this, that when the general appropriation bill
j comes up, we shall be engaged weeks in discussing
j amendments which, l>y such a rule as this, could
be immediately disposed of.
Mr. CLEMENS. I would like to have the
resolution lead.
It was read accordingly, as follows:
''•Reiofved, Tliat the thirtieth lule be amended by adding
thtnetothp following:
" On motion, anv amendment offered to a bill or resolu-
tion may be laid on the table without cariymg the bill or
rcMViution with it.?J
Mr, SEWARD. I hope that it will lie over.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on taking
it up.
Mr. CLEMENS. I hope it will not be taken
up. It seems to me it is not a good time to dis-
cuss our rules w'hen there is barely a quorum pres-
ent. I think we should not undertake to make or
alter our rules until we have a quorum.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Very well; an objection
is enough for me, I withdraw the motion.
DUPLICATE LAND WARRANTS.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to postpone the prior'
orders, for the purpose of taking up Senate bill
No. 301, reported by the Senator from Alabama*
[Mr. Clemens,] from the Committee on -Private
Land Claims. It is very brief; the title is, "A
bill to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to
issue duplicate land warrants in certain cases."
It arose in this way: I presented to the Senate
the petition of an individual who had the misfor-
tune to lose his warrant. On examination, in
committee, it was thought that the law under
! which that warrant was issued was an exception
So the general rule, the Secretary of the Interior
j not having power to issue a duplicate warrant
; under it. The Senator from Alabama [Mr.Ci.em-
; ens] reported, from the committee, this bill, au-
j thorizing the Secretary of the Interior to issue
I duplicate warrants in certain cases. These are a!;
j the facts of the case; and as this bill will afford
| relief to the petitioner, I hope it will be taken "up.
I The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
I read a second time, and considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole.
It enacts that the Secretary of the Interior be
authorized to issue duplicate land warrants in all
cases in which the original land warrant shall
have been lost or destroyed, upon due proof of
such loss or destruction.
Mr.FELCH. I should like to know something
about this bill. I do not understand that the Sec-
retary of the Interior has the right, in ordinary
cases, to issue duplicate land warrants- in case of
loss. I do not understand that to be the fact
"under the general law; .but I am well aware that
applications are frequently made to Congress in
cases of loss, proof is adduced, and special laws
are passed.
Mr. DAVIS. I have only to say, that the indi-
vidual who has lost his wairant in this- case ap-
j plied to the Department, and they said they were
satisfied they had no authority to issue a duplicate.
I He then came here by petition, and that petition
j was referred to the Committee on Private Land
I Claims, and was taken up in that committee in my
absence; and, as I understand, the committee have
thought that it was better to pass a general law,
in consequence of the omission in the old law
granting the warrants, to provide for the case of
the loss of any of them, so as to place these war-
rants on the same footing as others, than to pass
a law upon each individual case. For that reason
the Senator from Alabama was directed to report
the bill which is before us.
Mr. FELCH. I would be glad to know if that
bill was recommended by the Department?
Mr. DAVIS. , I do not know. The Senator
from Alabama can say how that is. The business
was done in the committee when I was not pres-
ent.
Mr. CLEMENS. I move to amend the bill by
striking out, in the clause " upon due proof of such
loss or destruction."the word " due,"and insert-
ingmlieu thereof the word "'satisfactory."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CLEMENS. I do not know that it is
necessary to add anything to what has been saicS
by the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Davis]
in relation to this matter. This bill was reported
upon the petition of Lucretia Barton, who made
proof to the Commissioner of the General Land
Office that her land warrant had been lost. He
decided that, under the law, in this particular case,
he had no right to issue a duplicate. This bill
was reported by the Committee on Private Land
Claims for the purpose of saving Congress the
necessity of passing a separate bill upon every
similar case. It authorizes the Commissioner,
upon satisfactory proof, to issue a duplicate land
warrant, in cases where they have been lost. It
is intended simply to save us from the necessity
of passing a bill for every case of the kind which
may arise. It leaves the issuing of the duplicates,
as all other cases are left, to the discretion of the
Commissioner of the General Land Office* upon
satisfactory proof being made.
Mr. FELCH. I think it would be better to
allow this bill to lie over until we can look a little
further into the matter. The bill applies to all
bounty land warrants which have been issued
under all the laws which have ever been passed.
Mr. CLEMENS. There is but one elass to
which the principle does not already apply.
Mr. FELCH. I think the Senator is under a
