610
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 20,
about five months thereafter. After he was ex-
changed, he was taken to Plattsburg, where he
lay in hospital six weeks under the care of Doctor
Grove, when he obtained a furlough and started
for his home, which, after a longtime, he reached,
depending upon and receiving charity by the way.
After reaching home he was confined about two
months, when the news of peace arrived, and he
having enlisted for and during the war, he was dis-
charged by his officer in a disabled condition,
wholly unfit for any kind of business. That he
has, from that time to this, been able to do but
little, and much of the time unable^o do anything,
suffering much pain, and grows worse as he grows
older; that he is now sixty-six years old, and al-
most totally disabled from doing anything for his
support; is very poor, and needs the assistance of
his country.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I will state,
for the satisfaction of the House, and to answer
the standing interrogatory of the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Averett,] that this petitioner is
living, and if there ever was a deserving case pre-
sented to the Congress of the United States, this-
is one. I will say that this man would- have had
his pension twenty-five years ago, to my knowl-
edge, had he not always protested against apply-
ing to his Government for relief, so long as he
could make a subsistence with his own hands. He
now makes this application at the urgent solicita-
tion of his friends, and upon the pressure of his
urgent necessities. I move that the bill be laid
aside, to be reported to the House with the recom-
mendation that it do pass.
The motion was agreed to.
ichabod weymouth.
The next bill that came up in order for consid-
eration was House bill No. 102, reported from the
Committee on Invalid Pensions, for the relief of
Ichabod Weymouth. The bill authorizes and
directs the Secretary of the Interior to place the
name of Ichabod Weymouth upon the roll of In-
valid Pensions, at the rateof $8per month, to com-
mence on the first day of January, 1850, and to
continue during his natural life.
By the report of the committee in this case, it
appears that the petitioner enlisted in the year 1814,
in the forty-fifth regiment of the State's infantry;
that, in the year 1815, while stationed at Phips-
borough, in garrison, ftnd with a body of recruits
for discipline, one of the soldiers deserted his post,
and threatened to kill any man who would attempt
to arrest him. A detachment, in which petitioner
was included, was ordered to arrest him; in ap-
proaching him for that purpose, he made a thrust
at the petitioner and ran his bayonet into his side
to the depth of five inches. That this is* perma-
nent injury; has given him much pain, and has
caused a permanent affection of the lungs; and that
at this time, from its effects, he was partially de-
prived of the ability to labor.
Mr. EASTMAN". From the papers in this
case it appears that this disability has become per-
manent, and that the petitioner is totally unable to
perform any manual labor. 1 know that he is a
worthy person, and know the time when he was
wounded. I know also all the persons who have
testified in the case, and I have no doubt it is a
meritorious one. I move that the hill be laid aside,
to be reported to the House with a recommenda-
tion that it do pass.
The motion was agreed to.
john Mcintosh.
The next bill that came up for consideration was
House bill No. 103, reported from the Committee
on Invalid Pensions, for the relief of John Mcin-
tosh.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of John Mcintosh on the roil of
Invalid Pensions, at the rate of $8 per month,
commencing on the 4th day of March, 1848, and
to be continued during his natural life.
The report of the committee in this case shows
idio^6 Petitioner enlisted as a soldier in the year
• iT « er enlistment he marched to Seneca,
tJt'ik tatTeT°f Ohio, the headquarters of General
William Henry Harrison; from thence a forced
march to Lower Sandusky; thence to Canada; and
thence to the Thames, and was in the battle at
that piace. The petitioner was afterwards trans-
ferred to a company commanded by Captain John-
son Magowen, and at the expiration of twelve
months, theterm of his enlistment, was honorably
discharged. He was a faithful soldier. During
the period of his service, and whilst he was in the
line of his duty, on the forced march referred to,
he received an injury in his right leg, producing
rupture of the-muscie, from the effects of which
he has never recovered, but which continues to
grow worse as he advances in life. That the peti-
tioner's discharge was burned, together with his
other papers, in the destruction of his house by
fire.
On motion, the bill was laid aside, to be reported
to the House with a recommendation that it do
RICHARD CHANEY AND OTHERS.
Thenextbill that came up in order for consider-
ation was Senate bill No. 42, for the relief of
Richard Cbaney and others.
The bill authorizes and directs the land officers
in the district of Fairfield, in the State of Iowa,
to examine and adjudicate, under*certain restric-
tions, the claims*of the petitioners, under the pre-
emption act of 19th June, 1834, to the lands on
which the towns of Fort Madison and Burlington
are situated.
Mr. CLARK moved that the bill be laid aside,
to be reported to the House with a recommenda-
tion that it do pass.
Mr. AVERETT. To that motion I object. I
understand this bill has never been before a com-
mittee of this House; and, therefore, move that it
be laid aside and reported to the House, with the
recommendation that it be referred to the Commit-
tee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. CLARK. Mr. Chairman, I trust that this
bill may not be committed. I do not think there
is any necessity whatever for it. This is a Senate
bill, which was reported by a Senate committee to
that body, duly considered and passed there, and
reported to this House. 1 will make a brief state-
ment of the facts in the case, and I apprehend
gentlemen will be as well prepared, after that state-
ment, to pass upon this bill, as they will after it
has been reported upon by a committee. The
facts are simple and easy to be understood.
In 1833, the claimant in this case settled at a
point on the Mississippi river, on a tract of land,
which was afterwards laid out and called Fort
Madison. The claimant went to that point under
the influence of the preemption law. It is known
to you, sir, that the policy of the Government by
its preemption laws was to invite settlements of
the public domain. Under the influence of these
laws the claimant in this case settled at that point
in 1833. In 1836 and 1837, Congress provided for
the laying off of certain towns then in the Terri-
tory of Wisconsin, upon the Mississippi river,
and amongst others of the town of Fort Madison,
upon which the claimant in this case had settled.
The Territory of Iowa was organized in 1838.
There was no land office there until after the or-
ganization of the Territory. Well, whenever this
claimant presented himself at the land office for
the purpose of entering his land under existing
preemption laws, he was met by the act of Con-
gress laying off that same tract of land into a town,
and, therefore, his claim was not entertained. It
was believednhat the act laying off the town con-
flicted with the preemption laws to that extent,
and therefore the land officers at the proper -office
rejected his claim. They would not suffer his
land to be entered, because of a more recent act, to
wit, the acts of Congress of 1836 and 1837, which
appropriated that very land for the town site. It
was actually appropriated in that way, and the
Government sold the lots. In the mean time this
claimant had made improvements upon the land.
There is a volume of evidence upon the subject
taken by the officers of the land office, to whom
application was made for the purpose of entering
the land. The evidence shows that this claimant
had made valuable improvements upon that land
before the act of Congress had appropriated it for
a town site. And now the simple question is this:
whether he shall be paid for these improvements,
or not? He went there, as I have said, under the
influence, under the settled policy, the standing in-
vitation of the statutes which invited the settlement
of the public lands, to wit, the preemption acts.
Now the question is, whether he shall be deprived
of the value of the improvements which he put
upon that land by his labor and his money? I
wish to read briefly from the report of the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office touching this
case:
"Astjielaws of 2d July, 1836, and the 3d March,1837, took
away from settlers on these lands the right of preemption, and
appropriated the same as town sites, I think they are equi-
tably entitled to the value of the lands of which they were de-
prived j and in view of the particular condition of this and
other cJaims, I would recommend the passage of an act giv-
ing to those who were really the actual settlers on said land,
and who but for the town surveys would have obtained the
land settled on. an equivalent in money for said land, at the
actual value of the particular tract, (independent of any Qther
improvements thereon not made by such settler,) at the
date when the entry could have been perfected, deducting
therefrom the amount which, at the minimum price, would
have had to be paid on the entry thereof; the right of pre-
emption to be determined m the usual mode by the land
officeis, subject to a review by this office, and the value of
the tract as above mentioned, to be assessed by the same
officers, after due examination into all the necessary facts,
to enable them to arrive at such value."
Now, this bill proposes to constitute the officers
of the proper land office arbitrators, to deter-
mine upon evidence to be submitted, the value of
the improvements put upon this land by theclaim-
ant. That is the effect of this bill. It proposes
to give him what these officers shall determine he
is entitled to for the improvements put upon the
land after hearing the evidence in the case. Is
not this equitable and just? Congress appro-
priated that land for a town site, sold it for town
lots, and unquestionably derived much more for
it in that waythan they would have done had
a preemptor entered the land and appropriated it in
the usual manner. There is but one point in this bill,
and that is to enable the land officers at Burling-
ton to determine what this claimant is equitably
entitled to by reason of the improvements put
upon the land. That is the whole of it.
Mr. EDGERTON. With the gentleman's per-
mission, I will ask if the site of the town of Bur-
lington is also included in this bill?
Mr. CLARK."*Not at all. The act of Con-
gress laying off certain towns included that of
Burlington. There were some four or five towns,
but this land is that upon which the town of Mad-
ison is situated.
Mr. EDGERTON. And not the town of Bur-
lington !
Mr. CLARK. Yes, sir. I move that the bill
be laid aside, to be reported to the House with the
recommendation that it do pass.
Mr. AVERETT. I must persist in my ob-
jection to this hasty action upon this bill. I doubt
not the sincerity of the gentleman from Iowa,
[Mr. Clark.] But we should setabad example—
establish an unsafe precedent, in passing a bill of
this sort, without subjecting it to the scrutiny of
one of our standing committees. The gentleman
has, no doubt, given his views of it honestly, but
I doubt whether one third of the members present
have been sufficiently informed by his remarks to
vote understandingly upon it. I must insist upon
my motion, that it be laid aside, with a recom-
mendation to the House that it be referred to the
Committee on Private Land Claims.
The question was taken upon the motion of Mr.
Clark, and it was disagreed to.
The question then recurring upon the motion of
Mr. Averett to lay the bill aside to report it to the
House with the recommendation that it be referred
to the Committee on Private Land Claims, it was
agreed to.
CHARLES S. MATHEWS, CHARXESWOOtl, AND
JAMES BALL.
The commitee next proceeded to the considera-
tion of House bill No. 135, for the relief of Charles
S. Mathews, Charles Wood, and James Hall.
This bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury to
pay to the above-named persons the sum of
$1^,119 -17, in full satisfaction of ail claims against
the United States for and on account of damages
sustained by the claimants under a contract to fur-
nish marble for the custom-house at New York
city.
Mr. DANIEL. I reported that bill, and, with
the consent of the committee, will state the prin-
cipal facts of the case. It is a claim which origin-
ated under the contract made with these gentlemen
to supply materials for constructing the custom-
house at New York. They were to be furnished
with the patterns for the cutting of the marble,
and after they had entered into the contract and
gone to the quarry where they were to prepare the
materials, they were detained for some consider-
able time at that place with their hands, horses,
oxen, &c. This was in consequence of the failure
of the agent of the Government to supply the
models, and they claim damages in consequence
