1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1523
misapprehension m regard to that. There is no
class of cases m which the Department has the
power which the bill proposes to confer; and the
bill, in its terms, applies to all classes, and not
merely to an isolated class of cases. The question
here is, whether we will give to the Department,
an the general language of the bill, the power to
give duplicates in the cases of all land warrants
which have been lost. It sometimes becomes a ;
very nice question to decide whether a party who j
has had aland warrant is entitled to land'; because, j
under the recent law, and under the law now, all !
land warrants become assignable, and it becomes <
frequently an important question, when a party !
cannot produce a warrant, to determine whether t
it has been lost or assigned, and is m the hands of '
another bona fide holder. I desire to look further ,
into the matter before i shall be willing to adept j
the principle in the full length to which this goes; j
and therefore I would prefer that the subject should
be postponed. I
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I think my friend from ;
Alabama had better permit the bill to be referred ,
to the Committee on Public Lands for their ox- j
animation. >
Mr. CLEMENS, It has been reported from
the Committee on Private Land Claims. I
Mr. UNDERWOOD, But it affects, as the :
Senator from Michigan has intimated, our general j
land system; and therefore I think it had better '
receive the examination of the Committee on 1
Public Lands also.
Mr. CLEMENS. I will offer an amendment j
to obviate that objection. The bill arises from an j
application for a revolutionary land warrant. I
have a letter from the Commissioner, in which he i
states that there is no law existing authorizing the !
issuing of duplicates m cases of revolutionary :
land warrants. Now I propose to amend the bill j
so as to confine it to those cases. I presume there ,
can be no objection to that. I move to amend i
by inserting after the word "cases," the words I
4< of revolutionary land warrants," so as to make
it read thatli the Secretary of the Interior be, and
4 he is hereby authorised to issue duplicate land
* warrants in all cases of revolutionary land war-
4 rants in which the original warrants have been
* lost or destroyed."
Mr. DAVIS. Is this a revolutionary case ?
Mr. CLEMENS. Yes, sir.
Mr. FELCH. The same rule applies to all
others.
Mr. CLEMENS. I do not see any necessity
for restricting the bill, except for the objection
made to it, I think it ought to apply to all such
cases, and it would save us a great deal of trouble.
Mr. FELCH. Let it lie over.
Mr. CLEMENS. Very veil.
Mr. "UNDERWOOD. I think my friend from
Alabama had better modify the bill so as to make
it relate only to the particular case,
Mr. CLEMENS. I have no authority to do
it. I have reported it as instructed by the com-
mittee,
Mr. UNDERWOOD, Had it not better be
recommitted, to see if if cannot be converted into
a hill for the particular case7 The bill as it stands
would open inquiries into transactions fifty or sixty
years ago, and how many could be", and how many
might be, brought before the Department without
looking through the revolutionary seti sfactions
for bounty land claims, nobody can tell; and how
many frauds might be practiced, nobody can tell.
I think, therefore, that it would have been much
better to have made it for the individual ease, than
to ooeri the investigations which mi^ht gn from
the beginning of the Government into those in-
quiries in regard to alleged losses so many years
past. I should prefer that we should have a little
more time to look into the matter,
Mr. CLEMENS. I have no objection to letting
the bill he over, but the objection made by the
Senator from Kentucky amounts to none at all.
This opens no case. It simply transfers the
power of issuing the duplicates from Congress to
the Commissioner of the General Land Office.
Petitioners come here, and upon less proof than
the law requires, get their warrants passed every
session. This is throwing a guard around the
issuing of the warrants.
The proof that would be required at the Depart-
ment is never required here. The claimants bring
such proof here as satisfies the committee; the
committee report on the case, and not one m twen-
j ty-five Senators, or members of the other House, |j objection to the postponement of this bill for the
| know what the proof is. The object of this bill ij present.
I is to require strict proof in every case, and that ;j The motion to postpone was agreed to.
proof under it will be stronger than that required j; On motion, the Senate adjourned until Monday
when thehidividul cases come before Congress. I Jj next.
have no objection however to the bill's going over, il
Mi. UNDERWOOD. Here is the difficulty.
It ought to be investigated and ascertained whether |
the warrants were originally assignable, and to !
ascertain also how the records of their assignabil-
ity have been kept; showing the manner in which ,
entries and grants have been made—whether in 1
the name of the assignee, or of the original holder ;
of the warrant. If we are to ascertain these :
! things before we act—if there have not been proper j
j records k^pt of these things—the idea which 1 j
i wished to suggest to the Senator from Alabama, i
\ was, that at this late day, a claim might be brought !
• forward upon allegation that the warrant was lost, j
: and if the records have not been kept accurately, j
I you may not, particularly after the burnings which ;
j we have had, be able to go back fifty or sixty |
| years to ascertain whether the original wariant 1
• was satisfied, unless you go page by page over the
; patent-book to find the patent, j
j Mr, CLEMENS. I would inquiie of the Sen- !
1 ator, who is most competent to find out that inform- I
' ation from the records, the Commissioner, who 1
i has them, or Congress, who never look at them j
{ and know nothing about them? i
I Mr. UNDERWOOD. I suppose it is the duty ,
| of Congress in every individual case, to satisfy j
j itself that the warrant was lost. I should suppose i
' that would be the duty of every committee that !
) made the examination upon an individual apphca- j
i tion for the renewal of a warrant; and I should i
| therefore say, that the particular examination of,
! each individual case—if gentlemen do their duty, j
and the presumption is that they do—would be a ;
great deal better than passing a general law where
the records may be so defective from burnings, as j
I remarked, that you cannot read them through. ]
All I want is, to ascertain how the matter stands |
before you legislate. Iam not against giving this j
man a duplicate for his warrant, if he lost it, or j
passing a general law, if it can be properly guard- .
J ed, to give it to everybody who has a just claim ,
| against the Government. ;
i I will take this occasion to remark that I am |
told that there is among the Executive Depart-
| merits a practice of keeping everything a secret
■■ that would give a good claim against the Govern-
j i ment. I am against that, from the beginning to the
,i end. I would make all the public records as open
as the noon-day sun, and every just claim against
the Government should be paid. I would not
care in whose hands a claim mi^ht be found, it i
should be paid if the records of the Government
would show that it was just, I would, have no
governmental secrets to cheat anybody out of his ;
rights; but while I am for doing that, I am for j
guarding the Treasury, and the public lands also, j
against all improper claims. 1 hope, therefore, as J
the Senator has said he is willing to have this ;
thing investigated, that the bill may lie over until
we can have an opportunity to do so. I
Mr, CLEMENS. I move to postpone the ,
further consideration of the bill until to-morrow.
Mr. DAVIS. Before the vote is taken on that,
I wish simply to say, that I believe the case which
1 have m my mind", which was presented to the
consideration of ihe Senate, is free from the ob- '
jections raised here- Perhaps what J am about
to say, may not apply to the passage of a general '
law; but l'wifih to satisfy my friend from Ken- 1
tucky that this is a pist case. The land warrant ,
was issued within the last three years—perhaps '
within a shorter time than that. It was addressed ;
j by the land office, or by whoever had charge of J
; the matter, to a certain gentleman, who under- I
! took to do this business for the lady in whose
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, Jane 4, 1852.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
i by the Rev. C. M. Butler.
The Journal of Tuesday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER. The business first in order
is the call upon committees for reports.
Mr. SCUDDER, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented the petition of Thomas Macy ami fifty ,
others, citizens of Nantucket, Massachusetts, ask~
mg satisfaction for French spoliations committed
upon their whaling.ships by France prior to the
year 1800; which was laid on the table.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I believe there
is not a quorum present. I move a call of the
House to see whether there is,
Mr. MILLSON. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the House, on Tuesday, referred to the
Committee of the Whole the bill reported from the
' Committee on P\iblic Lands, making further pro-
! vision for the satisfaction of the Virginia military
\ land warrants. I do not propose to ask that any
; action be had upon it at this time, nor perhaps at
| a very early day. My object is simply to keep
the btU within the control of a majority of the
i House. I propose to call it up at some remote
! aay—at some time when it will not interfere with
any important business which may be before the
House.
The SPEAKER. The motion, unless there he
objection, will be entered upon the Journal. The
question now before the House is upon the motion
of the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Stephens,]
that there be a call of the House.-
Mr. STEPHENS. I withdraw my motion.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move that the rules of the
House be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Commitee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I ask the gen-
tleman to allow me to submit a privileged motion.
We see our thin condition, and therefore I move,
that when the House adjourns it adjourn to meet
on Monday next.
Mr. JOHN W. HOWE demanded the yeas
and nays; which were not ordered.
The question was then taken upon Mr. John-
son's motion, and it was agreed to.
DEPOSITS WITH THE STATES.
Mr. STANLY, by unanimous consent, and in
pursuance of previous notice, introduced bill No.
277, to authorize the Secretary of the Treasury to
deposit with the several States the fourth install-
ment of the public money directed to be made with
said States by the act approved June 23d, 1836;
which was read the first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Ways and Means.
On motion by Mr. HASCALL, by unanimous
consent, it was
Onleif/. That leave be granted for the withdiawal fiom
tin' files of the House the papeis m the case ot Alanson
Pool, lor the purpose of leference to the Committee on
Pent-ions.
Mr. MILLSON, by unanimous consent) from
the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions, re-
ported a bill for the relief of Mary Bawry, and a
bill for the relief of Mary Pearson; which were
severally read a first and second time by their titles,
committed to a Committee of the Whole House,
made the order of the day for to-morrow, and,
with the reports accompanying, ordered to be
printed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It is improper to
behalf, as an heiress, the warrant was granted, li attempt to do any business in this thin condition
""" 1 of the House. There are gentlemen who wish to
make speeches in Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union; and this is about as harmless
business as any in which we can engage, [laugh-
ter,] except to adjourn and walk about the streets.
I therefore hope that the House will resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and proceed with these speeches.
Mr. BELL. I wish to refer some bills 
[Cries of " No * no!" " Question ! question !"]
Mr. OUTLAW. I move that the House ad-
journ.
The wairant never came to her. She never has
had it—never saw it. I3ut somehow, m pass-
ingthrough the hands of this gentleman, it was
lost, and has never been found. We have his
deposition to that effect. He is as respectable a
man as is in the United States, and there is not
one of a higher moral character in the Union. He
says that it has somehow got lost, and that lie,
after srreat search, has been wholly unable to find
it. The consequence is, that the lady to whom I
have referred cannot get the land. I wish to see a
law made providing for the case; but I have no
