2S88
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 27,
MRS. MARGARET HETZEL. ;
Mr. KING, of New York. I ask the gentleman I
from Kentucky to give way, so as to allow me to ,
call up a motion to reconsider, which I entered the
other day, at a time when I had no opportunity j
to have it considered. j
Mr. STANTON. I will give way to the gen- j
tleman, ifl do not lose my right to the floor.
Mr. KING. Then I call up the motion to re-
consider the vote by which Senate bill No. 83, •
"for the relief of Mrs. Margaret Hetzel, widow ;
and administratrix of A. R. Hetzel, late assistant
quartermaster in the Army of the United States, j
was reported to the Committee of the Whole >
House.
The question was put upon the motion to recon-
sider, and it was agreed to.
The question recurred upon the motion to com-
mit the bill, and being put, the motion was dis-
agreed to. ,
Mr. KING, of New York, demanded the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The question recurred upon ordering the bill to
be read a third time.
Mr. HOUSTON. Is there a report with that
bill?
Mr. BISSELL. I wilt state to the gentleman j
from Alabama, that this is a Senate bill. The j
Committee on Military Affairs of this House have j
, given to it a careful consideration, and have re-
ported unanimously in favor of its passage. This
is the third session at which it has been passed by i
one House or the other, but heretofore it has al- i
ways failed for want of time. About the justice j
of the claim, there can be no question. |
Mr. HOUSTON. I understand—and if I am ;
wrong, I desire to be corrected—that this bill pro- j
poses to give to an officer, or to the widow of an
officer, which is the same thing, a percentage upon
the money which he disbursed at the time when
he was an officer of the Government, and drawing
his pay and compensation as such. If that prin-
ciple is involved in the bill, it is a new one, and one
which will lead to the expenditure of $40,000,000.
i ask for the reading of the report.
The SPEAKER. If not objected to, it will be
' read.
Mr. STUART. I object to the reading of the
report. .
Mr. HOUSTON. Can objection be made'
Have I not a right to the reading of the report?
I am entitled to the floor.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the gen-
tleman has no such right.
Mr. HOUSTON. Am I not entitled to the
floor ?
The SPEAKER. Not for any legitimate pur-
pose, under the rules, unless it be to move that the
bill be laid upon the table, the previous question
having been ordered.
Mr. HART. Then I call the gentleman from
Alabama to order.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I desire to ask the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Bissf.li.] a question.
1 understand that Mr. Hetzel was a captain in ,
the Army of the United States, and as quarter- ,|
master, in the receipt of all the pay and emolu- i
■ ments of a quartermaster; that he disbursed some
money, perhaps in Florida, prior to his death; that
this bill is to pay his widow a percentage or com- ;
mission upon the money which he thus disbursed, ]
while he was in the receipt of his pay as a captain j
in the Gluartermaster's Department; and that the .
amount is some ^>10,000 or $12,000. Am I cor- ,
f6ct^ '
Mr. BISSELL. I will answer the gentleman's
inquiry with a great deal of pleasure. The de-
ceased, Captain Hetzel, was a captain in_ the
Quartermaster's Department, discharging the du-
ties of quartermaster, and receiving bis pay as ,1
such. In addition to that, he performed duties so ■
responsible and important as, in the opinion of j
General Scott and General Wool, under whom he |
was serving, and in the opinion of the War De- !
partment here, entitled him to the amount now i
claimed by his widow, and they only regretted j
that the law, as it stood, did not authorize the j
Department to allow it. Upon the files here, are j
letters from General Scott and General Wool, !
both certifying in the strongest manner to the jus- i
tice of this -claim, and requesting that Congress !
shall make the allowance. ' i
Mr. MOORE, of Pennsylvania. Will the gen-
tleman allow me to ask him a question ? '
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois. 1 object to fur-
ther debate.
The SPEAKER. Discussion is not m order, ,
the previous question having been sustained. ;
Mr. POLK. I desire, if it is in order, tn ask a 1
as it relates to the organization of the House, must
take precedence of all others.
Mr. DANIEL.. I understand it is in order for
the Committee on Printing to make a report at
any time, but that the House is not necessarily
obliged to take up that report to act upon it. I
think it is in order to make a motion to take up
question, that I may be able to vote with a know!- | j the report and have the sense of the House taken
edge of the facts of the case.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order, except by
unanimous consent.
Mr. POLK. Then I hope the House will al-
low me to propound it.
Mr. KING, of New York. 1 object.
The bill was then ordered to a third reading,
and was subsequently read the third time.
Mr. BISSELL. 1 move the previous question
on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The question now being, <c Shall the bill passr
it was put, and decided in the affirmative.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. BISSELL. I move to reconsider the vote ,
by which the bill was passed, and to lay the mo- j
tion to reconsider upon the table.
The question was put upon the latter motion, j
and it was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK obtained the floor.
PROPOSITION TO ELECT A PRINTER. !
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I rise to a .
question of privilege. 1
Mr. COBB. I rise to a privileged question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky rises to a question of privilege, which is a '■
question of a still higher order.
Mr. STANTON. The question which I desire (
to present relates to the organization of the House.
A bill providing for the election of a public printer :
passed this House, and afterwards the Senate. It j
has been approved by the President, and his ap-
proval communicated to the House. The resolu-
tion I now desire to offer relates to the election of
that officer.
APPEALS FROM THE PATENT OFFICE.
Mr. CARTTER. I desire to make an appeal
to my friend from Kentucky. I want to ask the
pefmission of the House to introduce a bill merely
formal in its legislation, but of great importance
in connection with the Patent Office. Thp whole
business of that office is brought to a stand by the
infirmity of the Chief Justice of this District, to
whom appeals are made under the existing pro-
visions of law, and it is of the highest importance
that some authority of an appellate character
should be substituted in his place. 1 have drawn
up a bill, and have assurances from the Senate
that it can be passed there, providing facilities for
these appeals by simply charging the duty upon
he associates of the Chief Justice of the District; !
and I hope the House will unanimously consent;
that it may pass.  !
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. If the bill is [
not to give rise to any debate or to consume much
time, I have no objection to it. |
Mr. CARTTER. I will withdraw it, if itgives
rise to any debate. But there is no gentleman i
upon the floor who will not see the necessity of
passinff the bill. I
Mr."STANTON. Then I will give way to the i
gentleman. i
Mr. CARTTER. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to allow me to introduce the bill.
There being no objection, the bill was received,
and read a first and second time by its title, viz:
" All act in addition to < An act to promote the progress
of useful arts.'"
Several Members. '' Read the bill."
The bill was read through by the Clerk.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and, having been engrossed, it
was read the third time and passed.
Mr. STANTON. I now call up my privileged
question.
Mr. DANIEL. I rise to submit a question of
order. I submit that the motion of the gentleman
from Kentucky is not a privileged question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Iowa
[Mr. Clark] rose and was recognized by the
Chair. The gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Stanton] then rose to a question of privilege, to
upon it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from North
Carolina has been led into an error as to the
nature of the proposition submitted by the gentle-
man from Kentucky. It is not to make a, report
from the Committee on Printing at all. It is not
1 upon that ground that the Chair decides that his
j proposition must be considered now. Congress
has passed a law authorizing this House to elect
a public printer and make him an officer of this
i House. The gentleman from Kentucky now sub-
mits a proposition that the House proceed to the
i election of a public printer, and the Chair decides
| that it is a question of privilege which overrides
| all privileged questions.
Mr. DANIEL. Is it not in order to move to
suspend the rules and go into a Committee of the
Whole on the Private Calendar?
The SPEAKER. Not if the gentleman from
Kentucky presses his proposition.
proceed to the election of a public printer. The
Chair thinks that is a question of privilege which,
ELECTION OF PRINTER.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I now sub-
mit the following resolution, which I ask may be
read.
The resolution was read by the Clerk, as fol-
lows;
Rcsoh-ed. Tlmt this House will now proceed to the elec-
tion of a public printer for the House of Representatives to
i-eive during the remainder of the present Congress.
Mr. STANTON. Upon the adoption of the
resolution I move the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered to be put.
The resolution was then adopted.
Mr. GOODENOW. Is it m order to move
that the resolution do lie upon the table?
The SPEAKER. It is in order.
Mr. GOODENOW. 1 make that motion. I
ask that the resolution may again be read.
It was again read by the Clerk.
Mr. BARRERE. I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was then put, and the House re-
fused to lay the resolution on the table.
The resolution was then adopted.
Mr. STANTON. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted, and
move to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table.
The question was put, and the latter motion
was agreed to.
The House then proceeded, in the execution of
its order, to the election of a public printer.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, nominated Gen-
eral R.obert Armstrong.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. As there
seems to be no further nomination, I move that
General Robert Armstrong be declared elected the
public printer of the House of Representatives.
The SPEAKER. The motion can only be en-
tertained by unanimous consent.
Objection was made.
Mr. SCURRY. It is but seldom that I have
ever troubled the House with a single remark, but
I ask permission to say one word. Since I began
to know anything of the relations between man
and man, the name of Ceneral Robert Armstrong
has come down to me as one of the purest patriots
the world has ever produced.
The following gentlemen were then nominated
as candidates;
By Mr. CL1NGMAN—John T. Towers.
By Mr. PENN1MAN—John O. Rives.
By Mr. CONGER—Gales & Seaton.
By Mr. MOORE, of Pennsylvania—GeorgeS.
Gideon.
By Mr. MARTIN—Horace Greeley, of New
York.
By Mr. GENTRY—Rev. William G. Brown-
low, of Tennessee.
By Mr. FLOYD—William C. Bryant, of New
York.
By Mr. DURKEE—Dr. G. Bailey.
By Mr. SACKETT—Henry D. Raymond, of
New York.
