2390
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 27,
ORDER OF BUSINESS,
Mr, HUNTER. I move to postpone the prior
orders, for the purpose of taking up the bill making
appropriations for the civil and diplomatic ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending June
30th, 1853.
Mr. DAVIS. I hope the Senator will allow me
to make a report.
Mr. HUNTER. I would give way but for the
fact that the report will give rise to debate, and I
think we had better go on and dispose of the im-
portant and pressing business before us.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not think my report will
occupy more than three minutes. 11is the steam-
boat safety hill.
Mr. HUNTER. Othergentlemen also wish to
make reports. My aim is to have the civil and
diplomatic bill disposed of immediately, and there-
fore 1 must insist on my motion.
Mr. RUSK. I hope the Senater from Virginia
will yield to the Senater from Massachusetts, 1
regard the bill which he desires to report as more
important than the civil and diplomatic bill.
Mr. HUNTER. The bill which the Senator
from Massachusetts desires to report is one that
will give rise to opposition, and we cannot act on
it this morning. I have received a remonstrance
agamst if, and I must look a little more into it be-
fore I consent to have it pass. 1 must insist on
my motion to postpone the prior orders for the
purpose of taking up the civil and diplomatic bill.
Mr. GWIN. 1 call for the yeas and nays. I
want to know whether or not we are to go on with
the business of the country. I want to see upon
the record the names of those who are opposed.to
going on with the civil and diplomatic bill.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I am opposed to taking
up the civil and diplomatic bill, because the bill
which the Senator from Massachusetts desires to
report Is of great importance to every one who
may be engaged in traveling on water. It is the
bill in relation to the security of the lives of pas-
sengers.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BRIGHT. I am as anxious to take up
the civil and diplomaticbiliasanygenilemanhere;
but I think it is more important than to dispose
even of that now that we should take up the Flor-
ida election case. 1 think that question should he
decided at this session, or be postponed until the
next session, and I shall vote against taking up
the civil and diplomatic bill with a view of getting
up that case.
Mr. GWiN. It is well known that the Senator
from Virginia is willing to take up that case as
soon as we get through with the civil and diplo-
matic bili. Ali that we want is to get one of the
appropriation bills put through to-day.
Mr. BRIGHT. If I believed that the civil and
diplomatic bill could be put through within the
next six hours, I would not object to taking it up;
but there was an amendment pending when the
adjournment took place last night, which will, in
nil probability, lead to along debate.
Mr. RUSK. I know that the bill proposed to
be reported by the Senator from Massachusetts is
more important than all the appropriation hills
before Congress; at least, that is my judgment
from the most deliberate examination of the mat-
ter. There is no danger of the passage of those
bills. I have seen just such a squabble as we are
in now on the last nights of the session, and I
never yet saw an appropriation bill fail. I have
been alarmed heretofore with regard to their fate,
but I have got over all that, and intend never to
be alarmed again about the danger of getting ap-
propriation bills through. The bill proposed to
oe reported by the Senator from Massachusetts—
and which cannot occupy ten minutes, because
every Senator must be well acquainted with it—is
for the protection of human life. It has come
back from the House of Representatives with
amendments which I think will be concurred in
immediately by the Senate. If it falls now, it is
gone, and gone forever; and upon the petition of
persons who are interested and making money,
that bill is to get its quietus. Sir, we have sacri-
ficed human life enough, ft is time that some
guards should be thrown around it.
Mr. HUNTER. Is it in order to go into the
merits of the bill?
The PRESIDENT. It is not in order to go
into the merits of the bill. The question now
pending is on postponing the previous orders to
take up the civil and diplomatic bill,
Mr. GWIN. I want to call the attention of the
Senate to the combination which exists here
against the civil and diplomatic bill. The Senator
from Indiana gets up and wants the Florida elec-
tion case taken up, and the Senator from Texas
wants the steamboat bill taken up. Here are
combinations against the appropriation bills on the
presumption that we are forced to pass them any-
how. I tell you, sir, we shall soon have an ex-
periment here. These bills will be defeated if more
time is not given for their consideration.
Mr. RUSK. I am in no combination any where.
I am here as a Senator of the United States to do
my duty, and 1 will do it. I have said I shall
discharge that duty, and 1 would do it at the last
moment of the session. We have three or four
days yet, and I have had just such apprehensions
as these on the last night of the session, and yet
the appropriation bills got through, and reached
the President, arid were signed.
Mr. GWIN. I charge what I saw on the face
of the Senate. The fact is evident that those who
want the Florida election case taken up oppose this
motion, and those who are in favor of the steam-
boat bill oppose it.
The PRESIDENT. The proposition is to
postpone the previous orders with a view to take
up the civil and diplomatic bill. Senators must
confine their remarks to that motion.
The question being taken by yeas and nays
on the motion, resulted—yeas 18, nays 23; as fol-
lows:
YKAS—Messrs, Adams, Atchison, Brooke, Charlton,
Clemens, Douglas, Gwm, Hunter, James, King, Manjiuin,
Mason, Miller, Moiton, Pcaice, Upham, Wade, and Wal-
ker—18. ' ' '
NAYS—Messrs. Badger, Bell, Borland, ' Bradbury,
Bright, Clarke, Davis, Dawson, Dotfoe of Wisconsin,
Dodge of Iowa, Downs, Feleh, I'Vh, Hale, Hamilton, Jones
of towa, iVlallory, Rusk, Seward, Shields, Smith, Spruance,
and Weller—23.
So the motion was not agreed to.
FLORIDA ELECTION CASE.
Mr. WELLER. I now moveto dispensewith
the prior orders for the purpose of taking up the
report, of the committee on the contested election
of Senator from Florida.
Mr. DAVIS. I should like to make a report.
Mr. WELLER. I am very anxious to have
this matter disposed of. It has been pending for
nine months. 1 think it ought to have been set-
tled long ago.
Mr. BRODIIEAD. I would like to inquire of
the Senator from California, whether he proposes
to dispose of the Florida election case without
giving the contestant an opportunity of answering
the report of the committee?
Mr. WELLER. It will be time enough to de-
cide that question when the consideration of the
report comes up. I am not certain that the con-
testant desires to be heard; but I will say to the
Senator from Pennsylvania, that the only argu-
ments I have heard on the subject, are those in
favor of the contestant, and I think I understand
the question as well as I would after hearing him.
I must ask the yeas and nays on the motion. I
wish the Journal to show who is in favor of post-
poning this case until next session.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. RUSK. 1 will vote for taking it up as soon
as the report of the Senator from J&lassachusetts
is made.
Mr. WELLER. If I understand the Senator
from Massachusetts, he simply desires to report
that bill. If that is all, I wilt suspend the motion
until he makes his report.
Mr. DAVIS. I mean to report the bill, and to
ask the Senate to act upon it at once.
Mr. WELLER. Then I cannot withdraw.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 would say to the honorable
Senator, at the same time, that I do not expect it
will occupy three minutes.
Mr. HUNTER. I apprehend the Senator from
Massachusetts is mistaken. There are now com-
mittees here remonstrating against that bill, and
he will find opposition to it.
Mr. JAMES. I have no objection to the hon-
orable chairman of the Committee on Commerce
reporting the bill. I have had no-opportunity of
examining it since it came from the House of Rep-
resentatives. I would like at least from now till
to-morrow to look into the bill before it is acted
upon.
Mr. BRADBURY. If we could have an un-
derstanding that at twelve o'clock the Senate would
proceed to the consideration of the Florida election
case, I would, for one, consent to the time being
occupied in making reports, and if that can be the
understanding, I would ask my friend from Cali-
fornia not to press his motion till twelve o'clock,
in order that reports may be made, with the com-
mon understanding that at that hour we will pro-
ceed to decide the case which concerns the right of
a member, who has occupied a seat which has been,
contested, thus placing him in an unpleasant con-
dition for eight or nine months,
Mr. GWIN. If gentlemen are making their ar-
rangements for the balance of the session, I would
like to know when they intend to take up the ap-
propriation bills.
The question being taken, by yeas and nays, ot*
the motion of Mr. Weller, to postpone the prior
orders to proceed to the consideration of the report
of the committee on the Florida contested-election-
case, resulted—yeas 23, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adam?, Atchison, Bayard. Bradbury,
Bright, Brooke, Charlton, Clemens, Dawson, Felch, Gwihy
Hale, Houston, Hunter, James, Jones offowa. Ku>«, Rew-
ard, Stockton, Sumner, Wade, Walker, and WolleV—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Badgpr, BeH, Borland, Brodheari,€larker
Davis, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Douglas,
Downs, Fish, Hamlin, Mangum, Miller, Moiton, Pearce,,
Husk, Smith, Spruancc, Underwood, and Upham—21.
The Senate accordingly proceeded to the con-
sideration of the report of the committee on the
case of the contested election from Florida.
Mr. BADGER moved that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of the resolution submitted by
Mr. Morton, to allow the contestant, Mr. Yulee,
to be heard in support of his petition; and after
being amended on the motion of Mr. Pearce, so
as to limit the contestant to two hours, it was
agreed to.
Mr. YULEE addressed the Senate for two
hours: and, on motion by Mr. Badger, the time
was extended one hour longer.
Mr. BADGER also addressed the Senateon the
merits of the case, the pending question bein<* on
the following resolution, which was reported by
the select committee:
Resolved, That the Hon. Stephen It. Mai,lory was
duly elected a member of the Senate of the United States
from the third day of March, 1851.
Mr. HUNTER. I must appeal to the Senate
to take a vote upon this matter, in order that we
may proceed to the consideration of the civil and
diplomatic appropriation bill.
[Cries of44 Question !" " Question !"]
Mr. MORTON. I rise for the purpose of asTc-
ing the Senate to excuse me from voting on this
question. It is unnecessary for me to state the
reasons why I make this request. The Senate
will readily comprehend the delicacy of my posi-
tion.
Mr. PRATT. I ask for the yeas and nays
on this question.
The yeas and nays were ordered and taken, and!
resulted—yeas 41, nays 0; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Badger, Bayard, Bell. Bradbury, Bright* .
Brooke, Butler, Cass, Charlton, Clemens, Cooper, Davis,
Dawson, De Saussure, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of
Iowa. Downs, Felch, Fi*h, Foot, Geyer, Gwm, 1-Ionston,
Hunter, .James, Jones of Iowa, King, Mason, Meriwether,
Miller, Norris, Pratt, Rusk, Seward, Smith, Soul£. Spru-
ance, Sumner, Toucey, Underwood, and Weller—41.
NAYS—None.
So the resolution reported by the committee was
adopted.
[The debate upon the above case will be found
in the Appendix,]
SEIZURE AND FORFEITURE OF GOODS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Acting Secretary of the
Treasury, communicating, in compliance with a
resolution of the Senate of the 22d of January last,
a statement of the seizure and forfeiture of goods
under the tariff act of 1846, on the ground of un-
dervaluation or fraud in the invoices; which was
laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
MEXICAN BOUNDARY LINE.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of War, communi-
cating, in compliance with a resolution of the Sen-
ate of the 2d instant, a copy of the report made
by Lieutenant Colonel Graham, of the Topo-
graphical Engineers, in relation to the boundary
line between Mexico and the United States, stating
that at the date of the resolution, no report, such
