614
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 20,
immaterial, if not idle. Suppose it was a specu-
lation—indeed Watson would have been a fool to
have given the full value of the slaves under the
circumstances.
'• There is many a slip
'Twixt the cup and the lip."
And he knew that, although the Government had
pledged, its faith to the Creek Indians that these
slaves should be delivered up to them, or to their
agents, some difficulty might arise, and all of them
might not be obtained, and like every other man,
he was disposed, when he had hazards to run, to
make as good a bargain as possible. The slaves
were worth, perhaps, some $30,000 or $40,000.
He paid for them §14,600—not quite half their
value. But what does all this amount to when
the proposition is to refund the money actually
advanced, with interest, and not the value of the
slaves and the outlay in efforts to obtain them.
I do not see that there is any clear or well-
founded objection to the arrangement entered into
by General Jesup with the Creek warriors. The
Indian tribes have been regarded and treated in
conventional arrangements and treaty stipulations
as quasi nations. It seems to have been in that
view that the arrangement was entered into by
General Jesup, and approved by the "War De-
partment; and it is not only humane, but sound
policy that our Government should observe its en-
gagements with the Indians. This it failed to do,
by permitting their former owners to retain pos-
session of the slaves, after a citizen, relying upon
the assurances he had received, had purchased the
interest of the Creeks in them, thereby occasion-
ing a grievous injury, if not absolute loss to one
whom it was its duty to protect.
Mr. SACKETT. If the gentleman will allow
me, I will propound this question: How does he
answer the objection that this contract does not
operate upon slaves? I lay down the proposition
that it does not include slaves.
Mr. DANIEL. That question I thoughtl had
already answered. I suppose that General Jesup
was aware of what he intended should be embraced
by the terms which the agreement contains, and
the Creek warriors knew what was designed to be
included. The Commissioner of Indian Affairs
seems never to have doubted that that contract em-
braced slaves as well as other property; and yet
after all this, the gentleman gets up and quibbles
about it, as if General Jesup and the Commissioner
of Indian Affairs did not know what they had
been doing. There is nothing in the gentleman's
objection. I thought I had fully answered it by
what I had read from the document referred to;
no matter whether upon the principles of inter-
national law, or the principles of sound policy,
this was a justifiable arrangement. After it was
entered into, the strongest considerations of policy
required our Government to fulfill its engagements
with the Creek warriors. Had not Watson sat-
isfied them, and the Government had refused to do
so, all future overtures would have been regarded
with suspicion.
Mr. STUART. The gentleman has stated that
the Government agreed to give these negroes up to
the agents of the Creek Indians, and I would like
to ask him. if such an order was forwarded to the
officers of the army, why it was not complied with?
Mr. DANIEL. If the gentleman had attended
to me he would have discovered that I stated the
reason why the negroes were not delivered up.
Collins, as the agent of the Creek Indians, attended
at New Orleans and demanded them, but when
the Seminoles came in contact with the negroes at
Port White, they refused to proceed West, unless
these slaves were allowed to accompany them.
Mr. SACKETT. What is the evidence?
Mr. DANIEL. The reports of the officers.
Lieutenant Reynolds himself states it. It is to be
.inferred from General Arbuckle's statement, and
from the communications of the Secretary of War
and the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, recom-
mending that the money should be refunded.
1 here is no room to cavil about the facts. None
in the world. The only ground of objection is
really that slaves are involved.
Mr. SI AN TON, of Ohio. What evidence have
the committee that the negroes claimed as slaves
to the Seminoles were in fact slaves?
Mr. DANIEL. I have answered that question
already once or twice. It was ascertained by those
competent to know, that such and such slaves be-
longed to such and such persons. Among them
were slaves of Harriet Bowlegs, daughter of King
Bowlegs.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Will the gentleman read
that part of the evidence? I think she only be-
longed to Bowlegs's tribe. You'will find-it at page
G2.
Mr. DANIEL. Here it is on page 74—Jack
Bowlegs, thirty-six years of age; and others, put
down as property of Harriet Bowlegs.
Mr. GIDDINGS. X wish to interrogate the
gentleman as to whether the owners put down
there are the tribe to which they belong ?
Mr. DANIEL. You will find here the owners'
names; but no tribe. There is another statement,
where the tribe is put down, as well as the owners'
names, and that is the reason why I have turned
to this page. There is no room for cavil here.
Mr. GIDDINGS. What page is that ?
Mr. DANIEL. Page 74, book 225.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Will my friend say to the
committee whether page 74 refers to slaves taken
in 1836 and 1837 ?
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. I wish to know
how the committee were able to determine that the
negroes claimed were slaves, and not fugitives from
the slaveholders of the neighboring States?
Mr. DANIEL. If the officers who were au-
thorized to make inquiries could not ascertain
these facts, no one could; but gentlemen, itseems,
pretend to know more than these officers who
were in Florida, some of them, when the slaves
were captured. These officers state that these
negroes were the slaves of the Indians; but gen-
tlemen say they were not, when they know as
much about it as we know about the man in the
moon. I say, the proof is conclusive that the
Seminoles owned slaves, and that the negroes
among them, generally, were slaves—many of
them fugitives from their owners ill Florida, Geor-
gia, and Alabama. Wherever it was ascertained
that they were fugitive slaves, they were returned.
The Commissioner of Indian Affairs, upon the
facts reported to him, and with all the information
which he, from his position, was able to obtain,
says that the number captured by the Creeks was
between sixty and seventy—the number having
been reduced by sickness. Now, it seems to me,
there can be no doubt about these facts. Watson
having relieved the Government from its difficul-
ties by rescinding its obligation with the Creek
warriors, by the payment of a large sum of
money, upon what principle is it that the Govern-
ment shall not refund to him the money which he
advanced upon the faith of its assurances ? The
Government isbound to protect its citizens, notruin
them. There canbenogood reason why weshould
not refund the money in this case. It is a case of
crying injustice. Watson, who has been deprived
of his money ever since 1838, is now dead, and
his family, perhaps, are in a suffering condition in
consequence of the tardiness and delay to redress
an injury which the Government itself has occa-
sioned.
It seems to me that every principle of justice,
and every object for which government is insti-
tuted, require us to refund promptly the money
which he has advanced, and the interest upon it.
Mr. MACE. As one of the members of the
Committee of Claims, I examined into this case,
as it was my duty to do, and I have made up my
mind conclusively, that this bill ought not to pass.
The gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr.
Daniel,] the honorable chairman of the Commit-
tee of Claims, for whom I entertain the most pro-
found respect, has stated to the committee, in broad
terms, that-if this claim did not involve the ques-
tion of slavery, there would be no difficulty in
passing it through this body. I do not know what
may operate upon the minds of gentlemen Free-
I Soilers, or gentlemen slaveholders, and other gen-
tlemen upon this question, but I apprehend if sla-
very has anything to do with the question, it
would give to this bill as many votes as it would
lose.
I am a new member upon this floor, and were I
in Indiana it would be unnecessary for me to say
what I am about to say. Now, so far as I am
concerned, and so far as my motives are concerned,
I will certainly not be charged with being opposed
so strongly to the'institutions of slavery, as to be
influenced by tha/t consideration in my views of
the case now before the committee. The question
is one of right or wrong, of justice or injustice, in-
volving not even remotely the question of slavery
or freedom. In 1849 the best men we had in In-
diana fell before this free-soil tornado. When it
reached the highest men of our State, I occupied
then, upon that question, the position which-I oc-
cupy now. I entered the contest of 1848 as one
of the Cass electors, and placed myself upon the
then Democratic platform, upon the doctrine of
non-intervention, and upon that I now stand. I
make this declaration in order to show to the com-
mittee that, so far as I am concerned, I will not be
charged with entertaining opposition against a bill
because I am opposed to the institution of slavery,
or in favor of it. I will not upon this occasion
enter into the merits or demerits of the Seminole
war. I will not discussthe question of employ-
ing blood-hounds or Creek Indians. I will not
discuss the question of decoying Osceola with a
white flag, to make a prisoner of him. I will not
' enter upon the discussion of the profligate expenses
of the Government during the existence of this
■war—a war which cost this nation, I believe, more
than the revolutionary war. It is not necessary
that we should do it. I will simply discuss the
question before the committee. What are the
prominent features in this case ? After all the
power of the nation had been exhausted—after all
the power of blood-hounds had been employed,
we find General Jesup making a treaty with the
Creek Indians, and under that bargain they were
to have, in the language of the contract', "tlicplun-
der " which they should conquer from the Semi-
nole Indians. Whether this movement on the
part of our officers of that day was such as should
characterize civilized warfare, I am not prepared to
say. Yes, I am prepared to say, that it was most
damnable in every single feature, from beginning
to end.
What progress did the Creek Indians make, as-
sisted by the blood-hounds and the might and
power of this nation? They penetrated into the
country of the Seminoles, using the tomahawk,
destroying and damaging all the property they
found in that nation. Among other things, they
found some negroes there—whether slaves or
free, I am not prepared to say; but I will allude
to that question before I close. The Creek In-
dians captured something like one hundred and ten
negroes. What does General Jesup do? What
feeling operated upon his mind ? He proposes to
pay these Creek Indians §8,000 for these negroes,
that they might be sent to Liberia. About this
period of time Geperal Watson reports himself at
Wellington city. The question of these one
hundred and ten negroes, was a-question which
occupied the cabinet deliberations of the then Ad-
ministration. What do they do? Do they carry
out the humane notions of General Jesup? No.
Where is Poinsett and Harris, and where is Wat-
son? Here is a speculation m which dollars and
cents can be made, with which the almighty dol-
lar has to play a part, brick and mortar towering
high, and military and official station being the
test of respectability, instead of virtue and honesty.
Let me remark here, where is the evidence, the
conclusive evidence, which shows that a single one
of these negroes was a slave? Are we to leap in
the dark—are we to jump at the conclusion that
because these negroes were in the possession of
the Seminoles, that therefore they were slaves?
Where did they belong, and where did they come
from? If they had made their escape from
Georgia and other slave States, the ownership
was not changed in consequence of their taking
up their homes among the Indians. Not at all.
The original ownership continued, admitting them
to be slaves. But. shall we jump at that conclu-
sion? Is it not much more rational and just, and
in accordance with humanity and every correct
! principle, to take them to be prima facie free, at
least until the contary is most conclusively shown,
as it should be in this case,but is not? - What was
the motive which operated upon Watson ? Why,
to go, take these negroes and sell them into eternal
servitude, though perhaps they were all free. Yes,
the dazzling light of speculation was before his
eyes, and he was determined to grasp it. Fifty
thousand dollars was quite too tempting, and he
was determined to have it, though it involved the
abject servitude of one hundred and ten human
bemgs and their posterity forever. I envy not
such feelings or motives, and would not possess
them for all the gold of California.
Mr. DANIEL, (interrupting.) The gentleman
takes a distorted view of this matter. So far as
