1526
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 7,
attainment which any gentleman has, would en-
able bim to get along in that business tolerably
•well. But it has so happened that I have passed
frequently-, at iow stages of water, by this darn,
and my information differs entirely, from that of
nay friend from Louisiana. I passed up on the
Kentucky chute, as it is called, or the one on the
south side of the river, and my information was,
that that chute,at a time when the river was low,
was better than the other. But, it so happens that
we have professional information. I hold in my
hand the report of Lieutenant Colonel Long, an
engineer, who examined into the matter in Feb-
ruary last; land I think that we ought, when gen-
tlemen differ here, to allow experts to speak, and
rely upon what they say upon the subject. But,
sir, allow me, before I real! some passages from
this report, to state, that I know, from personal
observation, that, at the lower end of the island,
where the river is, perhaps, a mile and a half or j
two miles wide, it spreads out to a very great ex- j
tent. The deposit from the Cumberland river has I
formed that island, and by the river spreading out i
as it does, you have at the lower end of the island, '
unless you concentrate the water, as shown by
Lieutenant Colonel Long's report, a shallow. If
you do not concentrate it, you will not be able to
get up at any time when the water is low. He
further states, what is the fact, that, unless you
keep up this improvement, the best way to get
into the Cumberland river will be to go up on the
Illinois chute, pass rotfnd the head of Cumber-
land Island, and then go down two miles to get
into the mouth of the Cumberland. The conse-
quence would be, without this repair, to breakup
the direct navigation of the Cumberland river, and
throw it over this circuitous route.
But I will not detain the Senate by giving the
facts which have been proved to me satisfactorily
by my own personal examination and knowledge.
I rely upon what Colonel Long reports. The
Senate will be kind enough to lister? to it. He
classifies his report under various heads. What
I am about to read he classifies under the head of
" Removal of the old dam, and its probable con-
sequences." Here is what he says will result
from that:
" From the facts adduced as above, it may ho readily
inferred that the removal of the dam will he attended by
results of the following nnpoit, viz:
" 1. Low-water navigation can only be had for boats
' bound either to Smithland or the Cumberland river, except
by passing upwaid from the lower end of Cumberland, and
between the same and the Kentucky shorn, about two
miles, to Smitbland."
That will be one result. You will have to go
round this island. The second result, which he
states, is:
"The depth of the pool above the dam will be reduced
to such an extent that the shoals, &c., at JStewart's Island,
the Sifters Inland, &c., (four to twelve miles above the
dam,) which were formerly ranked anion" the most diffi-
cult shoals of the Ohio, will requite extensive walks, m
order to render them navigable in low water."
You have, according to previous parts of this
report, by this improvement obtained a head-
;water of about four feet. That is the statement.
If you draw off these four feet of head-water,
every gentleman will at once see the effect that
will be produced upon the river by thus drawing
it off, and forming shoals, as is stated, from
four to twelve miles above the dam, which consti-
tuted, prior to this improvement, some of the
greatest obstructions to the navigation of the
river. That is the second effect which he says the
removal of the dam will have. The third is:
"The shoals between Cumberland Tsland and the Illi-
nois shore, which were exceedingly founidable prior to the
erection of the dam, and still remain unimproved, will re-
quire works on a lary;e and expensive scale, m order to ren-
der them passable for steamers m low stages of themer."
There is the very fact which I have already
stated, that the shoals between the Illinois shore
and the island unimproved, if you take this dam
out, will reduce to low water, and you will not be
able to pass over them. But you obviate that dif-
ficulty by concentrating the water in the Kentucky
chute, which is narrow, as the gentleman from
Massachusetts has said, and by concentrating it
in that narrow chute you deepen it so as to avoid
the shoal between the island and the Illinois shore.
All that is so perfectly plain upon physical prin-
ciples, that nobody can deny it. And here the
effect is stated by the engineer. That is the third
consequence of the removal of this dam. The
fourth is;
"A low-water channel from tbe foot of Cumbeiland
island, upward to the mouth of Cumberland river, mnst be
provided for and kept open, in order to insure a navigable
communication, with this river in ve?y low stages."
That is one of the other facts which I also
stated; that, if you scatter the water over a mile
and a half or two miles, you so diminish the
depth that, as Lieutenant Long tells you, to get
into the Cumberland river from below, you will
have to expend a large sum.of money for the pur-
pose of opening the shoal. I hope that this re-
port will be considered satisfactory in all its* bear-
ings, and if gentlemen desire the whole of it to
be read, I hope it may be done. It is a very sat-
isfactory report, and shows all the facts, and I
think we ought to depend upon it. I am satis-
fied from local information—from letters which I
have received—that it is a very important matter
to improve the dam. I will further remark, that
my information is, that it will take double, triple,
perhaps quadruple more to remove it than it will
to i/nprove it. The reason why that will cost so
much more is, that you do not have to
 " dive into Die bottom of the deep
Where fathom-lme could never touch the pound,
And pluck up drowned honor by the locks/'
but you have to dive after the stones at the bot-
tom of the river; and everybody knows that the
process of grappling with the rocks for the pur-
pose of their removal will cost more than to bring
rocks from the shore and put them into the gap
formed by the breakage of the dam. If economy,
therefore, is to be consulted on the subject, it will
be vastly cheaper to fill up the gap than to at-
tempt to take out the rocks which have been depos-
ited and carry them to the shore.
Mr. CASS, it is very obvious to me that this
whole discussion confirms yet more and more
what has often been said here of the erior of trying
to administer, instead of legislating. Here are
different statements made by gentlemen equally
conversant with the state of things there; one af-
firming that the dam should be repaired, another,
that it should be taken away. I appeal to the
whole Senate, if we are competent to determine
that question? I ask again, if it is not the office
of the proper Department to do this? We ought
to hold the Department responsible, and let it
ascertain the facts. Our appropriation, in such a
case as this, should be made general, holding the
Secretary of Y/ar responsible, and he holding the
officers of his Department responsible to take the
correct course; to remove the dam, or repair the
dam, as circumstances may require. We are not
in a condition to administer; and this a mere
question of administration.- Let us make the
proper appropriation, and hold the properOepart-
ment responsible for the plan adopted, and the
money expended. Thai is the course Congress
ought to take, and that is tbe course 1 hope it will
i take.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I have not a particle of
objection to that course; but we have the report of
the engineer, which I have just read. The bill
was referred to the Committee on Commerce, the
other day, because of the want of that report.
The committee have reported the bill back, with
the engineer's report. But, if it will relieve the
subject, and prevent a tedious discussion, I am
perfectly willing to accede to a proposition to leave
the question of removal or repair to the Depart-
ment.
Mr. SHIELDS. The remarks of my honor-
able friend from Michigan are very forcible. The
communications which I receive from my con-
stituents, tell me that if this dam is removed,
it will injure the channel in other parts of the river
above, as well as below the island, and that, so
far from beinga benefit to the Ohio river, except
in one particular point—the point to which one of
the gentlemen who have spoken, alluded—it is
destined to have a permanently injurious effect
upon the navigation of the river both above and
below. I am not prepared to make this statement
of my own knowledge, but my constituents have
given me this information.
I will ask the honorable Senator from Kentucky
this question: What special reason is there for a
special appropriation for this particular purpose ?
Why is not a general appropriation for the im-
provement of the river better? Why not wait for
the general appropriation, and have it so applied
as to accomplish all that the gentleman wants? I
am not prepared to oppose this appropriation, but I
am not prepared to vote for it now, because the
information I have is of such a character as to
satisfy me that the removal of this dam is destined
to be injurious to the navigation of the Ohio river,
and that the only object of it is to divert the chan-
nel from one side of the river to the other, or to
attempt such diversion. Such an attempt was
once made. This dam was erected for that pur-
pose. . It has failed to accomplish the purpose i 
view, but it has formed a new channel, as it were;
and the whole object, I am told, is now to remove
the dam, in order to change the channel to where
it originally was. I must say that such legislation
is very singular.
But I rose to ask that this measure should be
.postponed until we legislate generally on the ques-
tion of western rivers. I see no special reason for
urging this measure now. It ought to be included
in the general bill, and not in this special and par-
ticular bill for this single purpose. Besides, ifwe
legislate in this way, we anticipate the legislation
of the other House on the bill which has been
prepared there for the improvement of the Ohio
river. I am a little afraid, that gentlemen who
vote for this may, perchance, not aid us in carry-
ing the other bill through this body, when it comes
here. I intend to move to lay this bill on the table
for the present, until we inquire more particu-
larly into the subject; but, if thegentleman wishes
to reply, I will not make the motion.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Mr. President, the
Senator from Illinois wants to know, why this
dam shall not be allowed to remain as it is, until
its repair can be included in the general operation
of the bill, which he anticipates, to provide for the
improvement of the navigation of the whole river.
Now I will tell him the reason why a special and
particular bill lias been introduced upon this sub-
! ject-
| It is very well known, Mr. President, that some
j of us believe that there is not power m the Gen-
; eral Government to make appropriations for the
improvement of streams generally—even such a
stream as the Ohio river. All persons of that de-
scription, and who entertain opinions of that kind,
will not vote for a general bill. But individuals
entertaining opinions of that sort, according to the
manifestations of sentiments heretofore given in
this Chamber, have said that, as the Government
put the dam in the river, the Government was
i; chargeable for the obstruction, if it amounted to
an obstruction; and the Government, therefore7
should remedy its own act. They say, that if
by the action of the Government, wrongful in
its nature, (if it is so regarded,)an injury has
been inflicted upon the navigation interests of the
States interested in that river, the Government
ought to repair that injury. It was to meet opin-
ions of that class that this bill, separate and
apart from the general appropriation bill, was in-
troduced." It seems to me that this was a suffi-
cient reason for a movement separate and apart
from the general subject of appropriating money
to improve rivers, and justifies the introduction of
this bill just as it stands. It was in that view that
a bill was passed some two or three years ago,
when introduced by the Senator from Tennessee,
[Mr. Bell.] It was at that time that the senti-
ments, to which I have called the attention of the
Senate, were promulgated. It was then said that
this dam, or this improvement, constituted an ex-
ception which should stand upon its own merits,
in consequence of the prior action of the Govern-
ment. That, I hope, sufficiently answers the ob-
jection made by the Senator from Illinois.
Now, if we delay this bill until the general ap-
propriation bill goes through, when is it expected
that that will happen ? Nobody can tell. Why,
if it should take as long to pass the general ap-
propriation bill as it has taken to pass the defi-
ciency bill, we perhaps will see the end of the
session before it gets through. If you postpone
this appropriation until that time, I ask Senators
what portion of the season will be left in which
any woik which will be beneficial to the river
can be done ? I am informed, and all of us may
be informed if we look into our papers, that the
river is now getting down. It will soon attain
low-water mark. It wilLpoon be in that position
where this money can be most judiciously ex-
pended, if Congress intends to make the appro-
priation. The reason why I have urged it from
time to time has been to set the Executive Depart-
ments of the Government at work making pro-
visions to avail themselves of the low water which
