1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
615
we can infer from the documents read, overtures
were made to Watson; and, of course, he endeav-
ored to make a profitable arrangement. But the
gentleman represents him as seeking it out.
Mr. MACE. Yes, sir, overtures were made to
him, and he yielded to them with alacrity, with an
appetite. Overtures were made to him, and he
went into the flattering-speculation willingly. He
makes his purchase, pays the Creeks fifteen thou-
sand dollars for their title to the negroes, and now
what has he bought? He supposes he has pur-
chased one hundred and ten negroes that are then
in the possession of the United States officers, and
controlled by the bayonets of this nation. The
same bayonets that held them, could deliver them
over to General Watson, and he could sell them
i/ito eternal slavery, and pocket a speculation of at
least $50,000. That is what he intended to do.
But what is further shown in this case? What
operated upon the mind of General Jesup ? These
negroes were in his possession. The order came
for their delivery to Watson. Does General Jes-
up deliver them over? No. As an officer of the
United States Army—as a man whose heart was
in the right place—he refuses to doit. What was
done with them then? What became of them?
That question has been asked, and I will answer
it as the record answers it. You will remember,
that after peace was restored, the Seminoles
agreed to go to tiie home assigned them by the
Government. In marching there by Fort Pike, if
S remember right, they accidentally, as it were,
came across and recognized these negroes who
had been living with them. They looked upon
them in a proper spirit—yes, the savages looked
upon the negroes in a Christian light, and not for
the purpose of selling them into eternal bondage.
What do they do? They come to a stop, and say
to General Jesup: We Avill not movea single inch
further unless you let the poor negroes go with us.
What was the consequence? Why, General Jes-
up, his heart being in the right place, as I before
remarked, disregarded this trumped-up claim of
Watson, and permitted the negroes to go wMere
they belonged, and they went with their brethren,
the Seminole Indians, and took up their home with
them.
Thus, then, did this rich speculation of General
Watson, by which he supposed he should real-
ize so much, vanish to the four winds of heaven.
He comes now to the Congress of the United
States and asks the representatives of this nation
to place him where he was before he entered into
this speculation. Instead of realizing $50,000, he
is minus $15,000, the negroes are fiee, and that
freedom is not secured them by a professed Chris-
tian nation, but by a wild, fierce, and savage tribe.
Sir, what did he purchaser He purchased one
hundred and ten negroes that had been taken from'
the Seminole Indians. He did not know, nor did
he care, whether they were bond or free. That
consideration never entered into his mind for a
single moment. I say, then, that there is no evi-
dence whatever that these negroes were property,
that Watson went into the speculation blindfold,
and 1 will never vote a single dollar out of the Treas-
ury of the United States to pay him—never.
Mr. JOHN W. HOWE. It is not my pur-
pose to detain the committee very long, and in
what little I have to say, I intend to speak to
the point. I shall confine myself principally to
the books. I am not going to tell the committee
what my politics are now or what they were a
few years ago, for it is known to everybody in
this House that T am a Union Whig, with strong
Free-Soil tendencies, and opposed to sending del-
egates to the Baltimore Convention. [Laughter.]
But that shall have nothing to do in determining
my vote upon this question. I shall examine the
case and the evidence, and come to the same con-
clusion tharl would come to in any other place,
upon the same amount of evidence.
The history of this case has, I believe, been
very correctly stated. In 1836, or thereabouts,
this nation was involved in a war with a few
swamp Indians in Florida, called the Seminoles,
and finding them hard to conquer, in that coun-
try, this nation entered into an alliance with
another nation, in the West, called the Creek In-
dians, and (here is a clear case of armed interven-
tion) it was agreed between this nation on the one
part, and the Creek nation on the other—inter
alia—that the Creek Indians should have ail the
plunder they should take from the Seminoles in
the war then raging. I intend to advert to the
contract, and to call the attention of the committee
more particularly than lias yet been done, to the
phraseology of the bond. I shall then call atten-
tion to the report that was made in 1842, which is
the same report, I believe, that is before us now;
at least, this is the third edition without much
correction or improvement. I shall then proceed
to remark upon the law and testimony, and it is
very probable I may convince myself before I get
through, that I ought to vote for the payment of
this claim. There seems to be some doubt about
that, however.
The expression in the contract with the Creeks
is " plunder;" and when this case was before
Congress m 1842, the committee made a report,
in which they translate the word " plunder,"
slaves, as 1 will show by the reading of the report.
The report reads in this way:
" In the year 1836, General Jesup, then in command of
the troops of the United States in Florida, agreed with cer-
tain Cieek wariiors, whose services he thus engaged against
the hostile Sennnoles, that they should be entitled to all the
slaves and other piopeity of the enemy thev might cap-
ture."
Now, I wish to say to this committee most em-
phatically, that the word "slaves" is not men-
tioned in the contract between the Creek Indians
and the United States—the word " negroes"is not
there—the word " servants" is not there—the
words " personal property" is not there; but it is
the word " plunder," as 1 will show. j;
The contract is in these words: I;
" This contract, enteied into between the United States lj
of America on the first part, and the Cieek tribe of Indians ] j
on the other part, witnesseth : That upon the conditions i|
hereafter mentioned, the party of the fiist pait agree* to ad- <!
vance to the paity of the second pait the sum of $31,900. to j'
be applied to tne payment of the debts due by the Creek !j
nation ol Indians. And the party of the second parthereby i:
covenants and agiees to furnish troin then tribes the muu- ']
ber of from siv hundred to one thousand men for service m
against the Seminoles, to he continued in service until the !;
same be conquered; they to receive the pay and emolu- :!
ments and equipments of soldiers in the* Army of the Um- jj
ted States, and such, plunder as they may take Jrom the !j
Seminoles,i:i &,c. 'l
There is the contract; the word used is "plun- 'l
der;" and yet in 1842, when compensation was !
claimed for these negroes, who were said to be
slaves, it was stated in the report that the United j
States agreed in 1836, m so many words, that they ■
would give to the Creek Indians all the slaves jj
they should conquer from the Seminoles in that h
war. I will leave it to this committee to put their
own construction on the word " plunder. ' I have A
never understood, and I do not believe it is gen- !'
erally understood in the North, where they sneak J
the English language, that the word "plunder" !
could be construed or tortured into meaning slaves. i|
It is understood to be quite a different article. ij
In the course of that war, the Creeks conquered
and took possession of between two and three
hundred negroes, of all ages, of all sexes, and of
all relative conditions of life. We find upon the
list of captured negroes, an old lady of seventy
years of age. We find them of ail ages, sixty,
fifty, forty, thirty, twenty, and there is one of
them a child but two weeks old. That child is
claimed by the heirs of Watson as having been
among the number of the prisoners of war that the
Creeks acquired, under the contract which I have
just read. Upon this list we find an old lady who
has lived her threp score years and ten, and a child
just beginning to draw the breath of life—a child j
but two weeks old. I
Now, I make this admission here: I believe it is '
a fact in the history of this country that the Creeks !
own slaves, that the Seminoles own slaves, and j
that the people of the Southern States own slaves, |
according to the laws of their respective States, t
tribes, or nations. I have no doubt at all that 1
the Creeks and Seminoles hold slaves. {
Well, there seerfts to be some uncertainty with i
regard to the number of slaves that were sold, be- I
cause we find here, by the terms of the contract, i
that the Creeks sold to General Watson their !
slaves. If they held slaves, they sold them. They j
sold them en masse. They sold them in droves, as |j
you sell a drove of wild buffaloes: not designating M
a particular person or persons, but such negroes
as were taken by the Creeks from the Seminoles
during that war. These negroes were at that time
at Fort Pike, below New Orleans, under the charge
of Lieutenant Reynolds. From that place they
were taken to Little Rock, in Arkansas, and were
pursued there by a man named Nathaniel F. Col-
lins, Esq., of Alabama, claiming to have been the
agent not of Watson exclusively, but of the Creeks,
with a power of attorney to take from the authori-
ties of the United States a certain party of negroes,
supposed to be about one hundred ana three, more
or less, because the evidence is that the negroes,
taken as prisoners of war, had been greatly re-
duced in number by death. It is uncertain how
many remained, but probably not more than
seventy. It is said that the negroes that were
transferred by the Creeks are those contained in
the schedule that is found on the 66th page of the
Documents of this House, No. 225, as a " Regis-
* try of negro prisoners captured by the troops
4 commanded by Major General Thomas S. Jesup,
* in 1836 and 1837> and owned by Indians, or who
* claim to be free." Heie is one set down as Ja-
cob, and described as wounded in one knee; and
here are the wife and children of Jacob. Here is
one negro of the oge of seventy, another twenty-
five, another seventy-two, another seventy-one,
another fifty, another twenty, another ten, and
here is one only three years of age. Then, too,
we have the genealogy of some of the families.
Here is one said to have been " sold by Mr. For-
rester, of Six-Mile Creek, to Bowlegs several
years since." Here are mother and child—the
mother twenty-five years old and the child only
three years old. Here is one called Dick, said to
be the property of Colonel Humphreys. If I had
time, I would give you the history of the whole
flock. Here are Tena and Linda, and Ishmael
and Pompey,and Scipio and Patty, and Ben, and
Flora, and Joe* and heie is Betsey, who was but
two weeks old. She had been christened while
quite young, and her christened name was " Bet-
sey." [Laughter.] Here is one called Joe,
who is described as " one of the most important
and influential characters among the Indian ne-
groes," and his wife and children; "they never
had a white master." Here is a man among the
number of those claimed as having been sold by
the Creeks to this man Watson, who is said here
in the inventory never to have had a white mas-
ter, and is described as one of the most important
and influential men among the Indian negroes.
Yet he is now claimed as ''plunder"—as coming
within the denomination of the word " plunder,"
and to be sold as property.
But the list goes on fut ther. Here is Toby and
his wife and children. He is described as the
commander of the negro force on the Withlacoo-
chee; the chief councillor among the negroes, and
the most important character. He, too, is called
" plunder," although one of the most important
men taken in that country, and probably one of
the hardest to conquer by the united forces of the
United States and the Creek nation. Here is an-
other, called Fanny, twenty-five years old, and
her daughter Katy, only three years old. Whether
she belonged to Jumper—which is the name set
down here—or whether that is the name of a tribe,
1 will not undertake to say. [A laugh.] She is
the "cousin of Murray," and is said "to be the
property of Colonel Humphreys;" and there is
"a defect in Katy's right eye." Fanny is another
of the persons sold by the Creeks—if sold at all—
and claimed by Watson, as one of the articles of
"plunder." Her daughter Katy has a defect in
her right eye; that is the only mark upon her by
which she could be recognized.
I will state here, that when the agents of Watson
looked at this flock of negroes, at Fort Pike, and
at Little Rock, they were unable to identify an
article of the " plunder" that they claimed to have
bought in 1836; and that is one of the reasons why
Lieutenant Reynolds, and the other officers who
had the negroes in charge at different times, refused
to deliver them up. There were no witnesses who
could recognize one of them as a part of the plun-
der captured by the Creeks.
Well, we will go a little further on the list.
Here is one whose name is Abraham, and who is
fifty years of age. What is said of him 5 Why
here is quite a little biography of him. lie is "the
principal negro chief; supposed to be friendly to
the whites; said to be a good soldier and an intrepid
leader. He is the most cunning and intelligent
negro we have here. He is married to the
widow of the former chief of the nation." Here's
"plunder" for you. [Laughter.] The husband
of a Queen ! Here is a man that has a diadem on
his head—a crowned head recognized as plunder,
by virtue of a contract "entered into on the 28th of
