1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2391
as is described in the resolution, was on the files
of the Department; that on the 19th instant such
a report was filed in the Topographical Bureau,
and that on the following day a copy was sent to
■the War Department, of which the Secretary of
War was not aware until some days afterwards.
Mr. WELLER. At the time that that resolu-
tion was offered, I understood the report was filed
in the War Department. It seems that it has
been filed there subsequently. I move the refer-
ence ofthe communication, with the accompanying
papers, to the select committee to whom the other
documents have been referred which relate to this
matter.
Mr. RUSK. That is a very important docu-
ment. I move that it be printed.
Mr. CLARKE. I would suggest to the Sena-
tor from Texas that it ia impossible to have that
document printed m time for use during the pres-
ent session. It may be important to gentlemen
who wish to discuss the matter to which it relates,
and I hope it will not now be sent to the printer.
Mr. MASON. That report will doubtless con-
tain information of great interest to the American
people. It refers to the question of the boundary
of the United States and Mexico, and to questions
that have been passed upon by this Administra-
tion in reference to that boundary. I trust that
every word of it, without abating a line or a letter,
may be printed, so that the American people may
know its whole contents. ^
Mr. CLARKE. I perfectly agree with the
Senator from Virginia that every line of that doc-
ument should go before the American people. I
agree with him that everything therein contained
should be known; but if it is put into the hands
of the printer, is it possible that we can see it for
the next two or three days? We may want to
look at it in the mean time.
Mr. RUSK. I am in no hurry to send it off to
the printer. I am quite willing that it should re-
main here for a week, if it is desirable. All I
wished was to make the motion that it should be
printed, so that we might all have an ample op-
portunity of reading it.
Mr. CLARKE. I make no objection to its be-
ing printed—none in the least. I am perfectly
willing—yea, anxious to have it printed. I have
riot the slightest wish that so valuable a document
should for a moment be screened from the public
eye; but if we order it to be printed to-day, and
to-morrow we should happen to want it, it will be
in the hands of the printer, and we shall not be
able to obtain it. If gentlemen will allow it to be
referred to the Select Committee, we can look at it
in the mean time, and it can be printed afterwards.
Mr. R.USK. Very well. In order to save
time, I will withdraw the motion.
Mr. WELLER. I have moved to refer this com-
munication and the accompanying papers to the
Select Committee, and I give notice thatto-morrow
I shall ask the chairman of that committee to re-
port upon it and the other communications which
have been referred to that committee in relation to
this subject.
The communication was accordingly so referred.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
On motion by Mr. HUNTER, the Senate pro-
ceeded, as in Committee of the Whole, to con-
sider " An act making appropriations for the civil
'and diplomatic expenses of the Government for
4 the year ending the 30th of June, 1853, and for
' other purposes."
The PRESIDENT. The amendment pending
is that offered by the Senator from Virginia, [Mr.
Mason,] as follows;
Sec. —. Jlndbe it further enacted, That it shall be law-
ful lor the Secretary of the Treasury at any time after the
Ut day of January next, to issue to the State ofTexas, such
portion of the stock mentioned in the fir^t proviso ofthe fifth
article of the third section of the act entitled " An act pro-
posing to the State of Texas the establishment ofher north-
ern and western boundaries, the relinquishment by the said
State of all teintory claimed by her exterior to said bound-
aries, and ol all her claims upon the United States, and to
establish a territorial government for New Mexico," ap-
proved September 9,1850, as shall be equivalent in amount
to the lelea^esof the claims ofthe creditors of Texas against
the United States, winch shall be then filed at the Treasury,
as in said article is provided ; and in like mannerfrom month
to month to issue the &aid stock equivalent to such like re-
leases as may be thereafter filed until the whole amount of
the five millions of dollars reserved by said article is ex-
hausted.
Mr. RUSK. I do, not rise for the purpose of
protracting this debate. 1 know that any length-
ened discussion would hazard, if not defeat the
passage of the appropriation bills.
At an early period of this session, the question
raised by that amendment was brought to the
notice of this body by various petitions from the
creditors of the State of Texas on that occasion.
I expressed a hope that we should have a report
from the committee in a few days, for I was anx-
ious to discuss the question, and, in connection
with that subject, I stated that the United States
were in equity bound for more than half the ori-
ginal debt due by the State of Texas, in conse-
quence of the failure of this Government to com-
ply with the stipulations of its solemn treaties.
The question comes upon us now, at a time when
it is utterly impossible to discuss it. I feel anxious
that it should be discussed-, lor I am convinced
that the question is not understood. Although
much has been said and written, it has nearly all
been on one side, and my State has not had an.
opportunity of being heard. For this reason I
have felt great anxiety to obtain an opportunity to
lay the facts before the Senate and the country,
but, pressed for time as we are now, ] shall not
attempt to do so. No one, I apprehend, is morede-
sirous than I am that this business should be set-
tled in such a manner as to do justice to the cred-
itors of Texas, and to do justice to her reputation
and standing as a State of this Union. When the
question does come up for discussion I will redeem
the pledge that I have made on two or three occa-
sions, that I will show conclusively that through
the neglect of the United States to fulfill her treaty
stipulations, and to prevent the Indians from dep-
redating on the territory of Texas, more than half
of her present debt has been incurred; and that
the United States would m equity be held liable
for it by any court of equity or disinterested arbi-
trator in the world.
I have thought that it was right I should make
these remarks, but I will not protract them on the
present occasion. I could well ask those who are
so urgent on this subject, what country under the
sun has ever paid her revolutionary debt in twenty
years' But, sir, pressed as we are for time, I
shall pursue the subject no further now.
Mr. MASON. I offered the amendment, now
under consideration, last evening, at an hour when
I thought it would be acted on. Jn justice to the
United States, it is only right that I should not
now persist in it. I now withdraw it, not through
any want of confidence in the justice of the amend-
ment, but merely in consequence of the want of
time to consider it.
The amendment was accordingly withdrawn.
Mr. MASON. I am instructed by the Committee
on Foreign Relations to offer an amendment, to
comein at the end of the amendment I offered lust
night:
For additional compensation as late Commissioner to
the Sandwich Island*, being the wmc amount allowed by
the act of September 30, 1&50, to Chailes Eames'ssucces-
sor, H'3,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I desire to offer the follow-
ing amendment:
To enable the Architect to pay the workmen engaged
on the extension of the Capitol thirty days' pay during the
suspension of the vvoik, the sum of $'19,000; to be paid out
of the appropriation authorized by the joint resolution ap-
proved April 14,1832: Provided, That no workman shall
be paid who was not einploved at the time of the '-u-.pension
of the said work, or who was discharged for incapacity or
irregularity of conduct.
That part of the bill which I wish to amend in-
creases the pay of the clerks in the several depart-
ments. We have classified these clerks, and
determined to advance their salaries according to
a certain ratio, giving some an advance of twenty
per cent, on their salaries, others ten per cent.,
and others five per cent., giving the largest increase
to those who receive the smallest salaries. These
are all employees of the Government. The work-
men for whom I wish to provide by this amend-
ment were four months out of employment. The
amendment which I offer has been well considered,
and is well guarded. It is founded upon an esti-
mate by the Architect, and is to be paid out of the
$500,000 which we appropriated last winter for
the extension of the Capitol. It only proposes to
pay them for thirty days, when, in point of fact,
they were out of employment for four months.
The objection to this proposition, in the early part
of the session, was that we provided for them
during th£ suspension of the work. I do not see
that there can be any reasonable objection to this
amendment, because it only provides for the pay-
ment of a fraction of the time which they lost; and
they were «dl employed under the Government.
It was au inclement season. These are poor men,
and I think the provision I propose is both an act
of justice and an act of charity. I think that those
gentlemen who go for an increase of pay to the
clerks employed under the Government, cannot
object to give these poor men some little compen-
sation for the time they then lost.
Mr. CLARKE. The amendment proposed by
the Senator from Pennsylvania may be perfectly
correct in principle; but, at this hour, I conceive
that it is impossible for the Senate to give it due
consideration. There are one or two reasons why
I consider that this motion should not be adoptee!
by the Senate without some deliberation. It will
be remembered that in a discussion which took
place, some time since, in this body, it was stated
that the workmen who are engaged on the exten-
sion of the Capitol were informed, by advertise-
ment, previous to the commencement of the work,
that they would be employed until the month of
December; and it was also stated that they were
employed during the month of December, until
the weather became so severe that it was neces-
sary lo discontinue operations. It was found that
there was a deficiency in the appropriation for the
erection of these wings; and, in consequence of
the delay that took place before the necessary
funds were placed at the disposal of the Execu-
tive by Congress, the work was not resumed m
the spring until much later than had been antici-
pated. These men were, undoubtedly, engaged
to work on the extension of the Capitol, and the
work during the spring months was somewhat
delayed, for the reason I have assigned, and they
may by that means have incurred some loss of
time; but, sir, although it is a matter of little im-
portance to the United States, in a pecuniary point
of view, whether they receive a little more or a
little less, I am of opinion that there was no sort
of obligation incurred to remunerate these men
during the time they were unemployed. The ad-
vertisement in the public prints, through which
they were invited to come here, stated that they
would be employed until the month of December,
and again in the spring of this year; but I know
of no contract entered into with them, by the Su-
perintendentor the Architect, which would author-
ize a demand on the Government of the United
States for employment at an earlier date than it
was possible to pass the appropriation; nor do I
know of any contract which would authorize
them to demand compensation for the time that
they remained unemployed. That is one reason
why I shall object to the motion of the Senator
from Pennsylvania at this moment; but, in addi-
tion to that, I have another. I understand that
theie is something else connected with this trans-
action, which should entitle it to the serious con-
sideration of the Senate. I understand that a
system of black-mailing has been carried on
towards the employees, which will enable certain
persons, in some manner or shape, to avail them-
selves of the influence or advantage which may be
gained from the support of other men. I under-
stand that contracts are existing at this moment
which will redound immensely to the advantage
of those who are the contractors. And f under-
stand that there is a singular proposition afoot
now, relative to certain portions of this work,
which would have been much bet'er left undone.
Fonnstance,look at thearchesrecently erected 
Mr. BRODHEAD. I rise to a question of
ordur. The amendment which I offer is to pay
these men each for thirty days' lost time during a
suspension of nearly four months* work. The
honorable Senator from Rhode Island is not dis-
cussing the amendment, but the question whether
the walls of the wings of the Capitol are substan-
tially made. I apprehend that is not the ques-
tion, and that the Senator is not in order.
Mr. CLARKE. I beg pardon of the Senator
from Pennsylvania; but I think he is as wide of
the mark as the two poles. I am speaking to the
question.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot.)
The gentleman from Pennsylvania will state his
point of order.
Mr. BRODHEAD. My auestion of order is,
that the gentleman from Rhode Island is not con-
fining himself to the question.
