ME CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 7,
and towards its friends and enemies, too, by mov-
jog previous question, which I design to do
ijefor£ I sit dawn. But, previous to that, I wish
to .have the bill read again from the Clerk's desk,
and J ask all those gentlemen who have not given
it the attention they desired, to listen to the read-
ing of it; and when it has been read, I will ask
- for t<vo minutes more, and then call for the pre-
v views -question.
The bill was then read, as follows;
A Biirmfiking^a jrrant of public land'* to the several States
of the Uuioii for the b^nofir of uidigent m$>Hnc person*.
.Beit exacted fly the Senate and H>u$e oj Representatives
of the United States of America in Congress (isserahled,
1'liat there be granted to the several States for the purposes
hereinafter mentioned, ten millions of arres of Und, to be
apportioned under the direction of the President of the Uni-
ted States, in the compound ratio of the geographical area
and representation of t-aid States in the Ilotiscof Reprint -
a fives according to the censu.s of eighteen hui>d red and
fifty; Provided, That the area of no State shall be comput-
ed at im«re than fifty thousand square miles.
&v.c. 2. Jlnd be Wfarthcr cnuctc<i, That the land afore-
said, a'"ter being surveyed, shall be apportioned to the sev-
eral Statea in sections or subdivisions of sections; and
whenever there are public lands (of suitable quality) m a
Slate, the quantity to which >>aid State^hall be entitled shall
he selected from such lands, and the quantity apportioned
to any State in which there are no such hunk, (shall h- loca-
ted In the territory belonging to the United States to v/hich
the Ifidian'litie shall be extinguished, and it shall he tiie
duty of the Slates to offer the said lands for sale immedi-
ately, and to complete the same at the earliest practicable
day: Provided* That the paid lands Khali not be sold at a
higher rate per acre than the present minimum price of the
public lands, and that they be subject to the right drpre-
cmption, like the f-aid public lands; Prodded also, That
the lands hereby granted shall l>e taken from such portion
of the public lands as shall be subject to entry at private
sale at the time ofthe pa-isa^e oftlns act.
Sec- 3. Jlnd be it further enacted, That vvhonove r the
apportionment of said lands shall b<  completed,
shall b 1 issued fo tli<  several States for tho portions which i
shall be allotted to them reapet'iivW} ; and Uieieiipf.ii the J
said States shall a«iimc the management and sale of the '
lands thus apportioned to them. f
SEC. 4. Jlnd be it fa) ther enacted, That all the expenses I
of management and Mipmntendenoo of {-aid Innd.s ptwsou  f
to their s'lles and all expends incurred m the management i
and disbursement of the moneys which mav be received
therefmm, slmll be paid by the" State-* to winch they m;ty
belong, out ofthe treasury'nfsaid States, that the entiri;
proceeds of tlh'.saie of said laud-* shall he applied without
any diminution whatever to the purpose* ht.ein.ifter men-
tioned.
Sec. 5. Jlnd be it further enacted, Thnt all monev«s de-
rived from thosale of the land* aforesaid, by On: States to
which t,he landcare apportioned, shall he invested in blocks
of ib,* United Status, or of the Star*®, and Unit the moneys
eo invested shall constitute a perpetual lund, the eapit.il of
which sh'tll remain forever undiminished,-and the intercut
of which shall by inviolably appropriated to the comfort-
able maintenance and support ot the euiaWe and utcutabta
iudigent meane,
Skc. 6 Jind be it father enacted. That tiie if rant ori,m 5
hereby authorized shall he made on the condition* loilow-
i"g, to which, a< well as to the provision-* hereinbefore con
lamed, the previous absent of the several States shall be
signified bv legislative act*;
Firnt. If any portion ofthe fund invited as provided by
the foreuoitijr s«tin:i,or any portion of tiie intercut thereon,
shall, hv any action or eoutiii<!enr\\ he dnm:ii-,h>'d or iosi'
it "lrdl he .-cphveed r y tl««-ytate to wbieh u belong; |jKl{
the capital of the fiujd shall remain foiever u-n!iinj"iMi«>d,
and the annual interest s!ia!l !><• je«fii!:ir}y appie-d \\ itimut
d  nimifion to the puipodus mentioned m tiie iiaii section oj
thl-i act.
Second. The interest of >aid fund Mini! he fauiifnll / ap-
plied to the maintenance and support of the euiaMe" and
incurable. mdi ynt insane* who shall be place,! in n'suhMly-
OiVaniKed State institutions, or i n public iiico* po: ated m.-ri
iuttons or hospitals lor the exclusive care ot tiie nnnre, or
in public city hospitals for the sou* '-are and treatment o,' t\w
havmafuXl corp-,of officers c!r>rgr.I with ihe manage-
ment of eatd institutions, and ref ulent phy^ieian^ attached
thereto; nurt in no case shall any p irt of the s ud fund, nr
tit-' interest thereof be applied p„:nri.uient!y or temoo.-vniv |
to the 'n-uuteiiance or Hippuit of jn*aiie p t^oih who tu.iv •
be kept or comined in jails, or in buildings cou'iected m 'tn j
or at'taehed to them, or in any wo^k hou-e^ or poor- ho;^e< '
or in any department of jhc sfune whatsoever, oi in a.j'v i
private ho.-pjtrd, or in any ge'ioui! hospital not evelu 'vtl'v '
devoted ti,and occupied lor the remedial cateo; thcin'ane*.
Third. N • portion< fihesaulfunt^ortneinteri^tti'e.eon' 1
shall be applied directly or indirectly, under any n-vt. :
whittever. t<> fllt. pnrclm--, eii-etion, pieicrvaMnn, or n'.M'.r '•
of any huiWing Kir mo reoentitm or n;,-u:irv of n.-p-ie >>" "
8on ; or to the purclm<=o ot ,iov Mw to, nit-ii ijuildVn-s im
any I miK or grounds connerfod there.w-ih : but th * '^'io!e
o. «M.d timd « la 1 be k,.pt inv.oliblc, anj tl.u intoro-=t ti.orion
• 
establish a public Sia^Mitutf™ fonh^msull^nwp
e<lil''ation ot idiot-, the ,haf ,md <W6 or MM tS", pmv
nt the di.-cMtoi, of each State, be permitted ro p,nVit-...ate
in the hciK'fjt* oi t i!3 an, under the re.-tri,-tiou, S!
b«forc specified, and in tiie ratio of their mmihers reia'ivciv
to the insane, for who-e mninumanee and   p ort Ui > in
terust of the itind Uelorttririir to *uch State shall "he an
anything in this act to ttie eontiary notwithstanding. 5' c '
Tiie amendments proposed by ihe Committee
on Public Lands were then read, as follows:
Jn tile first section, strike out all after the word « msn-
tioned," and insert in lieu thereof the following,ft public
4 lands at the rate of 50,000 acres to each Representative
i in the House of Representatives, according to the census
< of 1850."
Strike out in the second section, fourth line, the words,
ktof suitable quality," and insert after the word u State,"
where it first occurs thereafter, the words, " worth §1 25
per acre, the value of said lands to be determined by tiie
Governor of said State.Also insert at the end of the sec-
ond section the following proviso:
u Provided further, That if said lands be not sold within
twenty years from and after the passage of this act, the
lands remaining unsold at the end of that time shall revert
to the United States."
Strike out the third section ofthe bill.
In section five, after the word " States," where it occurs
the second time, insert the words, ktor some other safe
stocks, yielding not less than five per centum upon the par
value of said stocks."
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to inquire
if there can be more than one amendment pending
to the bill at a time ?
The SPEAKER. The amendments being read
are those reported from the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. JONES. I should suppose, if the previ-
ous question is demanded, that it will cut off nil but
the first amendment, unless there should be an
amendment to that amendment.
The SPEAKER. The Chair regards ail the
amendments proposed by the committee as a re-
port from the committee, which must be acted
upon by the House.
Mr. SIBLEY. I desire to offer an amendment
to I his bill, and I hope the gentleman from Illinois
will not demand the previous question. I pro-
pose to offer the following:
Skc. — Jind be it farther enacted, That in lieu of the
land hereinbefore granted to those States, m which there is
no public domain, there shall be issued to suid State*, under
the direction of tiie Secretary of the Interior, land scrip for
an amount equal to the distributive share granted to such
States lespeetivejy, undei the provisions of tins act, to be
disposed of for the u^es and purposes prescribed m the fore-
going becttons of tins act.
Mr. BISSELL. The gentleman has already
offered several amendments, which have been re-
ported upon by the committee.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. With the permis-
sion of the gentleman from Illinois, i think that he
perhaps, is laboiingunder a mistake. When this
full was taken up this morning, there was a mo-
tion pending to recommit it to the Committee on
Public Lands, mnde by the gentleman from Mis- j
souri, [Mr. Hall,] and thegentleman from South i
Carolina, [Mr. Orr,] also a member of that com- '
mittee, obtained the floor, and moved to commit
this bi|l to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union. The gentleman from Mis-
souri withdrew Ins motion, and the motion of the
gentleman from South Carolina, to refer ihe bill
t.-  the Commitieeof the Whole on the s:ate ofthe
Union, is now pending.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk first informed the
Chair that the pending motion was to recommit
to the Committee on Public Lands. The fact, j
however, was, that the motion was made at our i
las' sitting by the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr.
Hall,] to commit ;o the Committee ofthe V/h^ie 1
on the stateofihe Union, and that is theonlypn p- !
osition to commit which could be made. 1
Mr. JONEa, of Tennessee. The report from !
the Chair was, that the pending motion was to ;
recommit the hill to the Committee on Public 1
Land*. The gentleman from South Carolina, :
under that state oi facts, moved its reference to I
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the j
Lnion; whicfi motion was then entertained, and !
the other motion to commit being withdrawn, it
should be still entertained. .
Ihe SPEAKER. The Clerk beine: under the
impression that a motion to recommit was made
when this bill was last up, so informed the Chair,
and the Chairso stated to the House, upon which
the gentleman from South Carolina moved to com-
mit to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union. Upon examination, however, the
fact turns out to be that the motion was originally !
made by the gentleman from Missouri,^ [Mr.
Hall,] to commit the bill to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union; hence the other
motion of the gentleman from South Carolina to
commit to the Committee of the Whole on the
state ofthe Union,was, at the time, inadmissible i
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I submit, then, to I
the gentleman, whether it is right, under the cir- i
cumstances, to cut the House off from a motion j
to commit ? j
Mr. BISSELL. As I do not desire to consume <
three minutes of the time of the House this morn-
ing myself, and being desirous of getting a vote
upon this bill, I am not inclined to let others con-
sume time in motions, relative to points of order
especially, when it has been decided by the Chair
that there is nothing in those points. This bill,
Mr. Speaker, has been before this House, under
discussion here, and under discussion before the
country, in various forms, for nearly three years,
and I cannot suppose-that there is any member in
this House who takes the slightest interest in it,
who is not tolerably well informed upon its merits.^
The bill, as reported back from the Committee on
Public Lands, is not precisely ns it was originally
introduced; but it is-subslantinily the same, and
I call upon those gentlemen now who do not de-
sire to see it defeated to stand up to-day and put
it upon its passage, and either let it be defeated at
once, or let there be an end of it by passing it.
Mr. CLEVELAND. Will thegentleman allow
me a single moment? I wish to say to the mem-
bers of this House, that unless we stand by this
oill and pass it, the old States will not get a dollar
from the public lands, certainly at this session of
Congress. I do not myself Jike the amendments
offered by the Committee on Public Lands, but
this bill, is the ojily one that looks to doing any-
thing like justice to the old States; and, in addi-
tion to that, I wish to say'that this is for a meri-
torious purpose. While we are going, and while
it is the policy of the Government to give lands for
the purposes of education and benevolent pur-
poses, yet we have never received anything; the
old States have never received the first acre for
any purpose, and by the passage of this bill we
shall get a part of what is our just due.
Mr. BISSELL. 1 put it upon higher grounds
altogether. Justice to all the States, to the East
and to the West, and justice to the people, who
have long demanded the passage of this bill, and
justice and humanity to the most unfortunate class
of our fellow-citizens. While everybody else
almost has been provided for—railroads to the ex-
tent of two and a quarter millions of acres; States
to untold amounts; settlers, able ant! competent to
gain a living by the labor of their own hands have
one liu idred and sixty acres each—this unfortu-
nate class, provided for in this bill, has been alone
forgotten by us. ( place it upnn higher grounds
even than jusiice to the old States. Mr. Speaker,
the friends of this bill, tis i understand it, are
against the adoption of all amendments reported
by the Committee on Public Lands, except, the
second, third, and fourth amendments. Tli'e first
amendment of the Commjttpe on Public Lands
should be rejected, in theopinion of the chairman
of that committee, and in our opinion. The
second amendment should be adopted, the third
amendment should beconnined in,and the fourth;
the balance of the amendments should be rejected
if we would make the bill efficient for the purposes
contemplated. Now, Mr. Speaker, begging par-
don of all those gentlemen who may desire to make
speeches on it, or who may desire to offer amend-
ments, and asking them not to appeal to me for
any such purpose, because when the door is once
open there is no shutting it again, I move the pre-
vious question.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I move to
refer the bill to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. During the pendency of the
demand for the previous question that motion is
not in order.
Mr. ORR. Do 1 understand the Speaker to
have decided that the motion which T made this
morning to commit the bill was out of order?
The SPEAKER. The Chair decided it was
out of order, there being a motion then pending
to refer the bill to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, made by the gentleman
from Missouri, [Mr. Hall,] which motion was
subsequently withdrawn by him.
%lr. ORR. Then I make a motion, which is in
order. If we are cut off from a reference of the
bill, I move to lay the bill upon the table.
Mr. CLEVELAND demanded the yeas and
nays; which were ordered. .
The question was then put, and it was derided
in the negative—yeas 56, nays 115; as fallows:
YEAS—Mtwj-rs. A*h , Averett, David J. iry, Bo-
cock, Hue!!, Bu^by, Cu.'kK1. Colcock, Outfit,Disney", Duiv
iiiim, Durk< <\ Edgerton, Edimmdson, Faulkner. Freeman,
Giddings, Hamilton, Hammond, Tsham G. Harris, Hen-
dricku, Ilillyer, iiolladay, Howard, Thomas Y. Ho>.v,
