1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1529
Jackson, Andrew Johnson, James Johnson, Daniel T.
Jone^, George W. Jones, J. Glaney Jone<<, Preston Kin?,
Kurtz, Letcher, Marlin, McCorkle,' MeLanahan, McNair,
Meade, Mori wm, Murphy, Psfaber-*, Newton, Orr, Powell,
Riddle, Robbms, Ro^k. Scurry, Alexander H. Stephens,
Thaddeus Steven*, George VV. Thompson, 'J'ownshend,
Wallace, Wilcox, and Wiidriek—56.
NAYS—Mt^srs. Ab°reromble, Chas. Allen, Willie Allen,
AHi^on, J. Appleton, W. Appleton. Bairere, Bell, Bennett,
Bibighau-*, Bsssell, Howne, Jno. H. Boyd, Bra™, Brenton,
Bnggs, Brooks, Albert G. Brown, Burrows, E. Carrington
Cabell, Caldwell, Lewis D. Campbell, Chandler, Chap-
man, Churchwell, Clark, Cleveland,Cobb,Congei, Georjre
T. Davlz?, Join) G. I)avi<, Dean, Gimmick, Dockerv, Dotv,
Duncan, Fiokhn, Florence, Fowler, Henry M. Fuller,
Gamble, Gajiord, Gentry. Gilmore. Go^deriow, Goodrich,
Gorman, H«iiI, Harper, gamp-son W. Harris, Hri-rall, Ha-
ven, Henn, Hansford, Houston, John VV. Howe, Thomas
M- Howe. Hunter, In^ersoli, John Johnson. George G.
Kinff, Kuhn", Landry, Loekh irt, M.icw, Humph roy Mar-
shall, Meacharu, Miller, Molony, Henrv D. Moore. John
Moor#*, Moivnuad, Murray, Olds, Outlaw, Andrew Parker,
Samuel W. P.ukei, Pea-l'-e, Penn, Pmini man, Polk, Price,
Rantoul, Richardson, Rohiy, Robinson, Sacketr, Schedne-'-
horn, Scudder, David L. Seymour, Onjren S. Seymour,
Smart, Sunlit, ►Snow, Stanly, Benjamin Stanton, Frederick
P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Abraham P. Steven-, Stu-
art, Sweetser, Taylor, Thurston, VVnSbridtr^, Wakh, Waid,
Wa-diburrt, Watkin®, Welch, Well*, Addison White, Al-
exander White, Williams, and Yates—Llo.
So the House refused to lay the bill upon the
table.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. HSs the morning
hour expired?
The SPEAKER, ft has not.
The question then recurred on seconding the de-
mand for the previous question.
Mr. BISSELL demanded tellers; which were
ordered-, and Messrs. Bissell, and Stephens of
Georgia, w ere appointed.
The question was then put, and tellers reported
—ayes 60, noes 75.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. SIBLEY. X desire to offer an amendment
to the hill;
Mr. DEAN. I would inquire of the Chair if
the morning hour has expired ?
The SPEAKER, it has.
Mr. DEAN. Then I call for the regular order
of business.
ADJOURNMENT SINK DIE.
The SPEAKER. The business first in order
is the resohuion mTciod by the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Harris,] which was pending
when the H uisg adjou-ned last Monday.
Mr. S-BLEY. With the pp'TO'ssiori of the
gentleman from New York, i will make a motion
to refer this hill, just under consideration, to the
Commit te? of r he Whole on the state of theUnir.n.
The SPEAKER. Unless objected to, themoticn
wili be entertained.
Mr. BISSELL I object.
The SPEAlviCR. The question is upon the
adoption of the folio win;; resolution:
Revolt ed, (with th* concurrence o* ihe Senate,) That the
Pret-uient ofim- Senat , a-id ^pe.ikerof'ho Jlou-f of Rep.
re.enint,v«M,cl<>«eth" present ^'5>nin of Comrre.-s bvan ad-
journ) -.eat or their respective hoiw>s on Monday, the 2d day
oi August next, at the hoar of twelve, m.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I am ns desirous as
anybody can be that Congress should adjourn at
the earliest ptaciicable moment, but I doubt if you
can transact the pubic'i business in the time pre-
scribed by the lesoluhon. If, however, the chair-
man of the Committee-on Whys and Meaostlunks
he can pass all his bills in that time, I have no
proposition to make. I think I can get through
with ali the business in whicn i have any interest.
I move to amend the resolution by striking out
the" second day,"and inserting the " third Mtn-
day.}J
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. What day of
the month is tmu ?
Mr. RICHARDSON. I believe it is the 16th.
Mr. HARRIS demanded the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. RICHARDSON demanded tellers on the
second; which were ordered, and Messrs. Harris
of Tennessee and Clino.man were appointed.
The House was then divided,and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 84, noes 42.
So the previous question received a second; and
the mam question was ordered to be put.
[A message was here received from the Senate
of the United States, by the hands of Asbuut
Dickins, Esq., its Secretary, informing the House
of the passage of several bills.]
The SPEAKER. The question is upon the
amendment to strike out the 2d and insert the 18th
of August-
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. I would in-
quire if there was not another amendment offered,
fixing the time for the 19th of July.
Mr. HOUSTON. It was suggested that the
amendment I had proposed—the 19th July-
would hazard the passage of the resolution. My
great anxiety to fix the time for adjournment in-
duced me, by the appeals of my friends, to with-
draw it.
Mr. AVERETT demanded the yeas and nays
upon the adoption of the amendment; but they
were not ordered.
Mr. ALLISON demanded tellers; which were
ordeied; and Messrs. Stevens, of Pennsylvania,
and Stanton, of Tennessee, were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 82, noes 62.
So the amendment was adopted.
The question then recurred on the adoption of
the resolution as amended, and being taken it was
decided m the affirmative.
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. * move to re-
consider the vote just taken, by which the resolu-
tion was adopted, and to lay the motion to recon-
sider on the table.
The question was put, and ihe latter motion was'11
agreed to.
Mr. COBB. I propose to introduce a vesolu- ;
tion, and 1 hope no one will object to i:. If ob- 1
jecfion be made, I shall move to suspend the xules.
But I am sure every member will yield it his sane- ;
fion. I ask the unanimous consent of the House '
to introduce the following resolution: i
vVhcifa-; rhi-j House na^ d->ii.;nated for itself a time for ■
c ifvnijr the piedent -esrion or Congress, and whereas much 1
bu-iiu'ss ot importance to tho nation and to the people re- i
cjunos definite action; theiefore be it
Kesolie'f, That when tins House adjourns to-day it ad- !
jomu to meet at eleven o'clock, a. in., until otherwise or- ;
dered.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object.
Air. COBB. I move to suspend the rules for !
«he purpose of introducing the resolution.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio, demanded the yeas '
aim nays upon the motion to suspend the rules; !
but they wtre not ordered. /
The question was then taken, and the House :j
refused to suspend the rules. ;|
Mr. JONES, of New Yoik.  . ask the unan- :j
imous conc;5'"t of the House if) introduce ihe foi- ,j
iovwn^ iesoiution, adopted at a prima* y meeting .
i.j New Ym k, for ihe purpu&c of having it referred
to the appropriate commiti
Tnatuiu iU'prcycutativo in Congrevs from the
twenty {our'h district o: tiie Htate of N^w York—Hon.
D iNini. T. Jones—t>c, and he i.- iieicby, reijuesu-d to urn^
Co«ijrre>s die p-4-<-.ipe o< a law jjrantim: J.imea P. ;
Meagher i  o nir!"-'- of «nti2ei:ship undei th>- Government j
wuiiiiut the mnnalny of tin* nie.-eni law? of i.at.aa'uauon. I,
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object, _ ,]
Mr. JON ES, of New Yosk. Mr. Speaker, the J
resolution which J have had the honor to present ;j
was passed at a large public meeting of the citi- ,!
zens of Syracuse, in the State of New York, J! orderin
called for the purpose of inviting the patriot Mea- ''
^iier, to visit that ci'y. Tliey ask that Congress Mr. BROOKS,
would confer upon him the rights of ci:>zen<?hip
without the delay of five years, made necessary
by the naturalization laws of the country. Thev
ask it as an expression of the hijrh estimation with
wh:ch h's conduct is held by the peonle of the
United States, during the kite laudable but unfor-
tunate effort of himself and his associates, to ob-
tain greater fseedom for his oppressed country,
and thereby lesson the amount of misery under
which that people are now groaning.
king* and emperors—a citizen of the United
States. I move to suspend the rules to enable me
to introduce it, and have it referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary; and upon tliat motion I
demand the yeas aad nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. We have no
constitutional power to pass any such law. Con-
gress can only pass uniform laws upon the subject
of naturalization. It is useless to suspend the
rules.
Mr. JONES. I merely wish to suspend the
rules for the purpose of having it referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. STEPHENS. But it is useless to sus-
pend >he rules to entertain what we cannot giant.
Mr. McLANAHAN. With all respect to my
friend from New York, 1 will say that this ques-
tion has already been decided by the Judiciary
Committee. 1 think I am authorized to say that,
in the opinion of that committee, the passage of
such a law would he unconstitutional.
Mr. JONES. But still 1 see no objection to its
reception and reference. That is all i ask.
The question was then taken, and the House
refused to suspend the rules.
I Mr. RICHARDSON. I ask the unanimous
| consent of the House to take up the territorial
! bills now lying upon the Speaker's table,
i ICries of " Ohjoct!"]
' Mr. RICHARDSON. I move to suspend ihe
; rules fur that purpose.
The question was taken, and upon v division
: 70 rose in the Affirmative.
Mr. RICHARDSON demanded tellers; which
were ordered; and Messrs. Richardson and
Chandler were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the teller©
reported—ayes 92, noes not counted.
So the rules were suspende!,
TERRITORIAL BILLS.
The question was then put on Mr. Rtchakd-
son's motion to proceed to the consideration of
'he territorial bills on the Speaker^ table; and it
was agreed to. ~
The SPEAKER. The- question fcefoie the
H"L'se m upon the engrossment of House bill No,
187, for the consa'uU'oi of m.htary toads in Ore-
gon Tcrrnory, which wus icported from the Com-
r  * H r L .■> 1 /\ «v-. .1 r* ft I r- s-.
;i
nutiee of the Whole on the state of the Union
without amendment.
The hill ••v<.s thtm red through by the C't;k.
Mr. BISSELL. I il-ink 1 Siud the fioo. upoa
! that bill, when it wa% h*.. * s«p, and I s'lali d-itaiji
■ the Houte now only l>.r t'ne purpose of moving a
j single amendment. I move t<> strike out the
i w-nds, " f>r ihe roosinic.i'm r,f a road from Cat-
■ a'mett, or Oak Point, on the Columbia river, to
j - Stnaeomb, on Puget's Sound, ^10,000.13
I The question was then taken on the amend-
! ment, and jt was agreed to.
The SPEA KER. The quesrion now recurs on
the bill io be engrossed for a third read*
This is the same bill we had
1, under consideration a few days since, and upon
wh:ch there was a aood deM of debate The ob-
" je-Mion to it was, that ihe e was no re'ommenda-
■I tion of any Department of the Government,for the
;j m.ikinic of these roods—that the' bill was intro-
I,1 dnced solely up«on the iccommendation of the
[! Delegate from Oregon, and upon no other: that it
jj w%s the Declining ofa sys'.em of ii.tern.ii improve-
ij ments m Oregon, witliout any propei advisement,
!i upon the pait of ihe proper authorities of theOov-
Ile is one (tf'those creations of the times whom ij ernrnent, without any previous 'mrveys, without
larger liberty now |j any knowledge of the territory through which ihe
d subjects of Euro- | roads are to pass, and without any kU:\ of what
the mads will cost, [ vote'! for tne i.ootion o«*the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Uissei.!.,] to otuke
out the approoiiaiion of'^lO.OOO, without hearing
from hnn any particulai rea:-oo v"]iy :{ nt iteni
should i.K- y.iicken cur, an v tiiure than the others.
I said ihe- other day, what ! repeal heie, that this
is hut the beginning of -v ge.u-ral system of appro-
priations in the Te> rnory of OreL'^n. For the life
oi me, ) ai.i u< i ^ i«'e to see the difference between
such like appropriations there, and appropriations
in the o'her pans of the United State2, unless they
be formlbtnVv roads; and in order to ascertain
the universal struggle for
g-hng on among: the oppressed suhjei
pean despotism raises up, to lead m the great bat-
tle for freedom. With education, ability, an ar- |
dent temperament, and honesty of purpose, it is j
impossible for any such among them to be a pas- i
sive spectator of the struggle. Many v/iil fall, and j
many more will be driven from their country ?o ;
seek refuge among us. Let them be received with '
cnen arms and a hearty welcome. The late
Thou,as Addis Emmet, for a like cause, was
?occ£d to flee to this country; where, by a specia.l >
dispensation, he was admitted to the privileges of
the courts of the Stare of .New York, and of which •
ha became one of its greatest ornaments,
   v/heui-M- thev are necessary for miihnry roads or
U will cost us nothing, but confers on him that '' no*, it is necessary to have some advisement from
which is above ail price. It will restore him to jj the proper authorities of ihe^Government—some
the world a freeman, and make him the peer of ii previous survey—some knowledge of the reasons
