1530
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 7,
why military roads should be constructed in that
quarter. E say now, that if, with these facts be-
-fore the House, the majority of the House choose
to take the Responsibility of this vote, appropii-
• a ting public money for this like system of internal
improvement, it is not for me, in the minority, to
throw any extraordinary obstructions m the way;
but it is for the majority, who have the charge of
the business of this House, to take the responsi-
bility upon them, with the understanding that the
advisement, the recommendation, come from no
proper Department of this Government, but is as-
sumed by the House itself, without that advise-
ment or recommendation.
Mr. RICHARDSON. There is a portion of
those roads over which our troops pass, and also
emigrants going to Oregon. The particular road
I do not now recollect, but it is one of those in-
cluded in the bill; and the gentleman from New.
York [Mr. Brooks] is mistaken in that respect.
Wherever the Government-has undertaken to
make improvements inside of a State, it has been
• upon estimates and surveys. There has not been
an instance in the legislation of the country, for
several years, where estimates have been required
to be made for such improvements m a Territory.
The reason is a very obvious one. It will cost
more to make your estimates and surveys in the
Territories, than to make the improvements which
are required for the passage of your munitions of
war, your troops, and provisions for them. It
was not required in regarf to Iowa, it was not
required in regard to Minnesota, and it was not
required in regard to Wisconsin, that there should
be any previous surveys, when similar uppio-
priations were made for those Territories. The
gentleman quotes an authority applicable only to
the States, and Congress, in the discussion of
these subjects, have always made a distinction
between the States and Territories. I do notknow
that there is ail absolute necessity to make but
one appropriation. To make that, 1 admit there is
a necessity; and if you mean that this improve-
ment shall be of any advantage to your troops
there, and to emigrants going to Oregon, it ought
to be made now. It will take two or three years
to make a survey, ancf that will cost more than it
would cost to make the improvements, as they
have to be made upon one or two places only
along the route.
Mr. STUART. I do not propose to detain the
House but a moment in the discussion of this
question; but I undertake to say that there cannot
t be found in the history of this Government, any
authority, that is entitled to any high degree of re-
spect, against the power to pass such laws as this
for the Territories. And, sir, if the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Brooks] cannot see any
difference between the exercise%of this^power in
the Territories, and ill the Slates, then he cannot
tell the difference between hglit and darkness. It
is as clearly defined as any other proposition ill the
world.
I should like to. elaborate this question, but I
• will not consent to consume the time of the House
in discussing that question now, but upon some
future occasion 1 intend to do so.
Something was said the other day in regard to
there being a previous survey, and that doctrine
is resumed to-day. For what reason should there
be a previous survey ? Why, simply for ascer-
taining the cost. That is everything for which
the survey can be valuable, for I fake it forgranted
that nobody will, as to the propriety of the roajl,
doubt that the information of the Delegate from
Oregon is as reliable as that of any other man, or
any other set of men, as to where the road ought
to be made. All, then, that would be obtained by
mak'ng a previous survey, would be to ascertain
the expense of making the road. What would be
the consequence of ordering a survey ? Why, sir,
you would lose a year, at le tSt. You would con-
sume a year of time by getting a previous survey;
and what is worse than all that, you run the haz-
ard of sacrificing a number of human lives. Now,
sir, I know not what other gentlemen may think,
but it seems to rae that, for the mere purpose of
ascertaining what it will cost to make this road,
it is not best to proceed so slowly as to sacrifice
the lives of men, women, and children, emigrating
to the Territory of Oregon.
But, sir, reserving to myself the propriety of
discussing this question in the main, upon some
future day, which I intend to do upon a proper
occasion, for the purpose of bringing the House
to a vote upon this bill, and disposing of this
question, and other territorial bills, I move the
previous question upon the passage of the bill.
Mr. BELL. I wish to ask the gentleman a
question.
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order while
the previous question is pending.
Mr. MEADE. I hope the gentleman from
Oregon [Mr. Lane] will be permitted to give us
some explanation of this bill. I do not wish to
vote for it unless I am satisfied that such a bill is
absolutely necessary. -I ask the gentleman from
Michigan [Mr. Stuart] to withdraw his demand
for the previous question.
Mr. STUART. I will withdraw the demand
for the previous question, holding the floor my-
self, to give the gentleman from Oregon [Mr.
Lane] an opportunity to furnish the information
which he gave the House the other day when, I
presume, the gentleman from yirginia [Mr.
Meade] was not present.
Mr. MEADE. Before the gentleman from
Oregon begins, I ask him to furnish to the House
some information as to the length of the road, its
probable cost—I do not suppose the gentleman
can be very accurate m that respect—the time it
will take to finish it, the necessity of having it as
a military road, and in what way that necessity
exists, and how it is to be used as such.
Mr. LANE. It will afford me pleasure to ex-
plain the reasons why I have asked an appropri-
ation for roads in Oregon Territory, and to give
the information desiied by the gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Meade] as nearly as I can do it.
1 should have been glad to have removed the
objection of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Bis- j
seli.,] when he made the motion to strike out the
appropriation of $10,000 for the construction oft
the road from Catolamett to Stilacomb, but the ;
motion has been made, and that appropriation has
been stricken out.
I ask for twenty thousand dollars for making a
road from Stilacomb, on Puget's Sound, to Fort
Walla-Walla, on the Columbia river. The main
emigrant roacl from St. Joseph to Oiegon touches
the Columbia river near Fort Walla-Walla. A
direct road from that point to Fort Stilacomb, on
Puget Sound, can be conveniently made, and the
distance will be about two hundred and fifty miles.
Troops of the United States are now garrisoned
at Fort Stilacomb, and all the country north of
Walla-Walla, and east of Cascade mountains, is
occupied only by Indians, who have given us a
great deal of trouble, and seriously annoyed the
emigrants traveling through their country.
There is now no route by which our troops
may move from Fort Stilacomb to Walla-Walla,
except by way of Portland or Oregon City, a dis-
tance of about four hundred miles greaterthan the
direct route proposed in the establishment of this
road. Now, in th£ event of our troops being re-
quired at Fort Walla-Walla whilst stationed at
Stilacomb, without this direct line of communica-
tion we propose to establish, our troops would be
compelled to perform a tedious march of near
seven hundred miles. The road is, therefore,
essentially and absolutely necessary for military
purposes, and for this reason I feel myself com-
pelled to insist upon the appropriation asked for
by the bill before the House.
In addition, Mr. Speaker, to the great advan-
tage it would afford the country in time of Indian
troubles, or Indian hostilities, it would afford a
safe and speedy transit to emigrants bound from
the States to Puget's Sound; and -^ould be, as I
before remarked, a saving of four hundred miles,
contrasted with the present route. Emigrants are
now compelled to go from Walla-Walla by Oregon
City. No emigrant can make the trips there in one
season; two seasons will be required; so that it is
placed beyond the power of emigrants to raise a
crop within two years'time. For the accommoda-
tion, then, of the emigrants, aside from the con-
sideration of its necessity for military purposes,
the road ought to be built. Twenty thousand
dollars will open the road so as to make it pass-
able for wagons. 1 also ask, through the bill, the
appropriation of §20,000 for the construction of
a road from Myrtle creek to Rogue River valley.
This road is as absolutely necessary as the first,
to which I have made allusion; it is necessary for
military purposes, and necessary for the safety
and security of the people of Oregon Territory. I
desire to say to the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Brooks,] that I am surprised at his opposi-
tion to everything I have asked for the benefit of
the Territory I have the honor to represent here.
We are compelled to look to Congress for our
legislation as a Territory , and that Oregon should
be met upon every occasion with non-action upon
the part of this House, when we ask even less
than has been bestowed upon other Territories,
is strangely incomprehensible to me. But if this
House is not inclined to do justice to Oregon, or
is disposed to look with indifference upon her
wants, let the responsibility rest upon the heads
of those who oppose these appropriations.
Mr. BROOKS. I wish, with the gentleman's
permission, to state to him that I have no hostility
to Oregon. I voted, at the last session, to give
donations of the public land to actual settlers in
Oregon, under a bill proposed by his predecessor. ,
I wish further to say, that the objection 1 have is
not to his Territory—is upon his sole responsibil-
ity to ^lie introduction of bills here, and the appro-
priating for them here $40,000 only, which will
not make a survey of the road which must in-
volve a much larger expenditure, I know nothing
about them. If the proper authorities recommend
them in the ptiper way—that they are military
roads—I will vote for them.
Mr. LANE. That has not been the custom in
similar cases of appropriation made for other Ter-
ritories. Last Congress an appropriation was
made for constructing a road in Minnesota, of
which no survey had been made, and I ex-
pect it received the vote of the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Brooks.] If he did not, a ma-
jority of this House passed it into a law. I say
to the gentleman, that I am not afraid of respon-
sibility. These appropriations I ask upon my
own responsibility, upon my own honor, and my
knowledge of the country, the wants of its citi-
zens, and the difficulties in the way of emigration
thither. I ask only for what is right and just for
Oregon Territory. I recollect when I requested—
when I begged this House, some three or four
months ago, to take such steps as were necessary
to be taken to send out troops for the protection
of emigrants to Oregon, that the gentleman from
New York opposed the proposition. The meas-
ure was defeated, and the emigrants to Oregon
this year get no protection. Before the first of
October next you may hear of many of them fall-
ing victims to the scalping-knife and tomahawk of
the merciless Indians. This, I fear, will be the
case. Then 1 told you such would be the result
of this indifference to the wants of our emigrants.
With the tribes of Indians, and the country they
inhabit, I am well acquainted. The emigrants
have started out there, with the promise of the
Secretary of War that troops should be sent there
to afford them protection. This has not been
done. I have no more to say; and will, there-
fore, yield the floor to the gentleman from Mich-
igan.
Mr. STUART. The Delegate from Oregon, I
apprehend, has now furnished all the reliable in-
formation which could be obtained in a year on
this question. The necessity for the passage of
this bill must be obvious to every gentleman; and,
sir, governed by the idea I advanced before, a dis-
inclination to consume the time of the House in
discussing this subject, I renew the call for the
previous question.
Mr. MEADE. I ask the gentleman to with-
draw his call, that I may submit a word of ex-
planation to the House in reply to the gentleman
from Oregon.
Mr. STUART. I withdraw it for that purpose.
Mr. MEADE. I desire to make only a few
words of explanation in this matter, as I called
upon-the Delegate from Oregon [Mr. Lane] for
information. Having reliance in the integrity of
the man, I will state that, after all the responsi-
bility he has assumed to himself, if I vote wrong,
I will charge it to the gentleman from Oregon.
Mr. STUART. I renew my call for the pre-
vious question.
The question was then put upon seconding the
call for the previous question, and there were—
ayes 49.
Mr. RICHARDSON. 1 demand tellers on the
seconding of the call for the previous question.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Robinson
and Chandler were appointed.
The House was again divided, and the call for
