1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2395
but the loss of many thousand dollars besides,
being the penalty of his bond. With these re-
marks, without going more into detail, to show
the grounds upon which I base my statement, I
submit this additional proviso, and hope the Sen-
ator from Connecticut \yill say no more on the sub-
ject, but let it pass.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I have not delayed the
business of this Senate, nor have I prevented the
civil and diplomatic bill from being- taken up at
any time. I was desirous of taking it up this
morning. I desire now that it may progress in
the proper way; but I doubt very much whether
it will ever pass, if amendments of this kind are
constantly offered. I see Senators around me
who are constantly asking that the civil and diplo-
matic bill may be considered, who voted to sus-
tain this amendment. What is it Mr. Ritchie
claims? About $200,000, according to the state-
ment of the honorable Senator from Maine. And
he has slept upon this claim for nine months this
session. A poor pensioner, or any man having a
small claim, must go before the committees of this
body and have it fairly examined. Where is the
petition in this case? Where is the report? Where
is the evidence upon which we are to give $50,000,
according to the statement of the Senator from
Arkansas? We have heard a great deal about
economy and reform during this session, and many
charges have been made against the Whig Ad-
ministration for wantonly squandering the-public
money. I state fearlessly here, that the Senate of
the United States is the most prodigal in the ex-
penditure of the public money of any Department
of this Government. Sir, we complain that this
Whig Administration has expended some fifty
millions a year, but to that the Senate of the Uni-
ted States has added ten millions. Not only have
we voted the fifty millions which the Administra-
tion has demanded, but we have goue far beyond
it. We have voted some four or five millions to
extend the Capitol. We have voted an appro-
priation to the Collins line. That commenced
here.
Mr. WELLER. We did not vote so much for
the extension of the Capitol.
Mr. BRODHEAD, A proposition was made
to discontinue the work on the Capitol. My hon-
orable friend from California voted with me, and
I say that the proposition which I made upon that
occasion to discontinue the extension would have
saved $4,000,000. We have, in addition to this,
voted an addition to the Collins line of $1,000,000.
We have voted $5,000,000 for French spolia-
tions; and if there was improper work about
the Mexican Board to get $3,350,000 on claims
get fifteen years old, how much will there be to
$5,000,000 upon claims sixty years old? Not
only that, there are a great many other projects,
which always originate in the Senate. Why
is all this? and why should the claim not be
investigated? This gentleman has had nine months
to bring his case before this branch of the Legis-
lature in a proper way. But it is now urged
almost upon the last day of the session as an
amendment to the civil and diplomatic bill. Sir, I
protest against it. It is an improper way of legis-
lating. It brings the Senate into disrepute. I
hope it will be voted out altogether. A little while
ago 1 offered an amendment for an appropriation
of some few thousands of dollars to the laborers
on the extension of the Capitol, but it did not
stand any chance at all. It was declared out of
order; but, sir, when an appropriation of $200,000
is asked, or $50,000, of which the Senator from
Arkansas says he will have $20,000 profit, it is
ruled- in order. Why are we to look to his profits >
There was his contract. Let him stand by it. Tf
he loses, was it our fault? If he made, let him
have it. Mr. President, these are my views. I
do not wish to detain the Senate. I did not come
here merely to make a speech to consume time;
but, sir, I protest against this kind of legislation.
I protest against this kind of amendments—these
big amendments, after voting down the little ones.
"Mr. DOUGLAS. I desire to say a few words
in explanation of this amendment, as it has been
assailed on all sides. I had no idea of waking up
such a rage and passion all around me. 1 am sat-
isfied of one thing: that if this amendment be a
wasteful expenditure of public money, it will be
difficult for figures to count up the amount which
we have been squandering heretofore. The public
printing had been done by Mr. Ritchie for more
than twenty-five per cent, less than any man on
the earth has ever done it. Talk about the pres-
ent contractor being below it! The present con-
tractor has done no work according to nis contract.
It is a mockery upon printing to call it work; and
we have abandoned it upon the ground that lie
had violated his contract, and not done the work
according to it.
Our prices of 1819 are well understood. After
a series of years, when it was supposed that the
work could be done for less than those prices, you
reduced them so as to make them twenty per
cent, below the prices of 1819. That was done,
i if I recollect, under a Democratic Administration.
Blair & Rives performed the work at twenty per
cent, below these prices. When, in 1840, the
Whigs came into power, they thought they would
imitate the Democratic example, and they passed
a resolution to bring the prices twenty percent be-
low those of 1819; but, at the end of that Congress,
after their printers had enjoyed the work during
the whole two years, and upon the suggestion that
Gales & Seaton, the editors of the Intelligencer,
had lost money m doing it at twenty per cent, be-
low the prices of 1819, the two Houses of Con-
gress repealed the proviso, and paid them the full
pi ices of 1819. Now, sir, if, as the Senator
from Connecticut says, this is squandering public
money, what are we to think of him and his
friends, who paid double the amount to their
printers when they weie in power? It is an ad-
mission that they paid double the prices which this
amendment proposes to pay Mr. Ritchie. How
is it that you paid the full prices of 1819 to Gales
& Seaton, the Whig editors, when they did the
printing, and then talk about extravagance when
we propose to pay half these prices to a Democrat
who has done the public pi mtmg, and lost his for-
tune by an unfortunate contract? I believe that
Blair & Rives once did the printing subsequently,
at twenty-five per cent, below the puces of 1819,
and that, according to my recollection, is the
lowest at which the public printing has ever been
executed by any public printer since the beginning
of the Government. No Whig gentleman has
ever done it short of the full prices of 1819.
Democratic printers have executed it at twenty-
five per cent. less.
Now, sir, on this amendment to settle the ac-
counts of Mr. Ritchie, who we know is a man old
in the public service, who has retired from the
press, and ceased to be a partisan, and is now
ruined and bankrupt, by having executed our work
for less than it could be done, at one half what
you have paid the Whig printers whenever they
executed the work—and twenty-five per cent, less
than any man, Whig or Democrat, ever did per-
form the printing for—I do not understand this
outbreak of extiavagance. A?am, we passed a
law only two days ago appointing a public printer
to do the woik hereafter, and we fixed a scale of
prices in that law. Now, let us look and see what
that scale of prices is, for the amendment provides
that the prices to be paid Mr. Ritchie shall not
excecd half the prices of 1819, and shall also not
exceed the prices which are to be p?ud to the public
printer under the law which was passed the day
before yesterday. What are thepnces of the pub-
lic printer that is to be appointed under the law ?
! i cannot tell precisely what they are. but 1 know
! this to be the history of them: First, a select
| committee was appointed in the House of Repre-
: sentatives to ascertain what weie fair and reason-
! able prices for the public printing, and that select
J committee, comftosed of Whigs and Democrats,
i indiscriminately, with a distinguished Whig as its
| chairman, called before them all the leading prmt-
I ers of this city, and took their testimony as to
1 what were fair and reasonable prices; and after
! having consulted all the different printers, Whigs
: and Democrats, and all the deferent papers m this
i city, and the job offices, they came to the conclu-
| sion that the tariff of prices fixed by them was a
j fair and reasonable rate to be paid to whoever
j should be the printer, whether Whig or Demo-
j crat. They reported that bill to the House of
i Representatives. It also received the sanction of
! the standing Committee on Printing. After thus
being- introduced by two committees, one the
' standing committee of the House, and the other
the select committee appointed for the purpose—
after having carefully examined every item, the
House took up the bill to act upon it, and that
House, upon the motion of a Democrat, still, out
of great precaution, lest too much should be paid,
reduced the prices twenty per cent, below those
fixed by the two committees, and in that shape
they sent the hill to us. The Senate took it up
and passed it as it came from the House.
Now, in providing to settle the account of Mr,
Ritchie, I put two limitations upon the amount to
be paid. First, it shall not exceed one half the
amount paid to the Whig printers heretofore.
Second, it shall in no event exceed the amount
which you are to pay, under the existing law, to
the public printer who is to execute our work in
future. How it is that gentlemen can denounce
this as being a wasteful extravagance of the public
money—as being favoritism to an individual, after
the two Houses of Congress have passed that
law, I am unable to understand. It is a charge
against the Senate and the House of Representa-
tives—it is a charge against Congress. It is a
chaige of infamy against their own conduct, when
passing a bill upon which the ink is scarcely dry
at this moment; and if the charge be tiue, I would
like to know what excuse any Whig upon this
floor is to have for having paid twice this amount
for every particle of work which has ever been
executed by any Whig printer since the beginning
of the Government* If these charges be true,
what punishment would be adequate for them ?
I do not believe a word of them. Sir, I believe
the prices ai e fair and reasonable. I believe the
present law gives fair and reasonable prices to the
public printers who are to do the work in future.
1 believe that these are only fair and reasonable
prices to M r. Ritchie, for work which he has exe-
cuted. I find this explanation necessary in justi-
fication of myself for bringing forward this amend-
ment. My object was toget rid of this old claim.
Let us pay up, and begin anew. I thought that
I was getting within bounds if I got it at half the
price for which the work had heretofore been
done. To guafd it still further, I have restricted
it to the prices in the bill which we have passed.
If this is wrong, we ought to repeal that act.
There is no excuse for continuing it a moment, if
these prices are too high for Mr. Ritchie. Then,
J apprehend that the remarks which I have made
have shown that this is, by all the inferences that
can be fairly drawn, a fair settlement; and that
the charge is not well founded, that these prices
have not been considered by the committee, be-
cause it had the sanction of the two committees of
the House of Representatives which reported the
bill. In that point of view, I think we have all
the safeguards that could be asked, against paying
extravagant prices for this printing.
Mr. FEARCE. I was not aware that this
proposition was pending after the vote upon the
appeal from the decision of the Choir,until I heard
it read a second time. 1 had supposed that when
that question was whether the decision of the
Chair should stand as the judgment of the Senate,
the affirmative could scarcely be maintained by a
tie vote. If I had heard the announcement of the
Chair, I should have taken an appeal from that.
1 was too late, however, to do so.
And now, sir. what is the proposition before
us? Three years ago Mr. Ritchie contracted to
do the public printing at certain soecified prices,
and upon certain specified terms. He was to fur-
nish paper of a particular sort. The printing was
10 be of a certain quality, (fee. For all that he was
to receive the prices for which he had offered to do
the work. I believe it is not contended that he
was ever refused the prices for which he contracted
to do it. 1 take it, that evety dollar due him un-
der the contract has been paid, or is ready to be
paid whenever he chooses to demand it. But
after he has entered into that contract—after the
period for the execution of it has elapsed, he
comes before Congress, and asks—what? That
Congress will give him a gratuity, over and above
that for which he had contracted, to become the
printer of the proceedings of Congress. He asks
a gratuity from the Treasury of the United States.
! 'He asks you to do that which never was done be-
j fore—he asks that which you have positively
1 refused to do in the case of the contractors for the
j public printing who preceded him. Wendell&Van
i Benthuysen were contractors for Congress before.
; After they hud completed their work, they came
before Congress, made an exhibit, and, so far as
I I know, a fair and honest exhibit of their receipts
| and expenditures, showing a loss of $18,000, and
1 asked Congress not to make them a large gratuity,
