mn
JifE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June
Mr. RICHARDSON. I will withdraw my
proposition to'pass over.
* The SPEAKER. Then the motion of the gen-
tleman from North Carolina [Mr. Morshkad] is
in order. n
'Mr. M0REHEAD. I move to lay the bill on
the tabic.
The question was put, and the House refused
to lay the hill upon the table.
Mr. SIBLEY. I move' the previous question
upon the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered.
The question now being upon the passage of
the bill,
Mr. STANLY demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. ALLISON moved that the House adjourn.
Mr. CLINGMAN demanded tellers; which
were ordered; and Messrs.Goodenow and Ericgs
were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers
reported—ayes 72, noes 27.
So the motion was agreed to; and
The House adjourned till twelve o'clock to-
morrow.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. BELL gave notice that he would on to morrow, or
pome subsequent day of the senior), ask leave to introduce
a bill for the relief of the legal representatives of George
Hobbs, deceased.
AWo, a bill to grant preemption rights to certum islands
in the GreatMianu river.
PETITIONS. &c. ;
The following petitions, memouals, &e., were piascnted i
under the iu!o, and retired to tin*appropriatecommittees : ;
By Mr. STANLY : The petition of Oliver O'Nealc and i
others, citizens, manner-?, and owners of vessels in Hyde j
and ISeaufort counties, N'oith Carolina, prayimr .in appio- J
priation for a UoathigU^hum the casern pointofGull IMand s
Rock. '
By Mr. CHANDLER: The petition of Samuel C. Alt h j
ton*and other presidents of ten msmance companies 01 j
Philadelphia, a?k'us lor a reflation of duties paid on ;
merclinndw diMroved bv fire in Philadelphia. j
By Mr. STEVENS, of New Yoik : The petition ofHvl- !
vi.\«ier<*ej otiei\ni Nyuek, Nc?w Yotk, foj payment for build- j
ii>s sohoo.K'r Sun Beam. j
LSyMr. HUNTER: The memotial ofFlodoardo Howatd, [
Win. R. Woodward, and J. C. McKelden, t'oi the nicmpo- j
ration uf an institution of le:irnm  in the District oi'OoJain- ;
bin. j
Also, the petition of Richard Fowler and 91 other citi- '
■s,vm oi Monroe county, Ohio, in favor of the Wheeling :
Uild^C.
Hy Mr. OfMMKJK : The memorial of I). A. -Moor, and ,
80 others, citizen* of Pennsylvania, pi a vim: for f n tuerea^Ml ;
jtflowancc of bountv land to the M ldirrs ot' the war oi 18)0. |
Ai.^o, the n.yuional ol Ru—,ei Hpeueor and r/> othei ;
' citizens of i'ounaylvatna. praying f<n an uie ea-..sl allow-
ance of bountv land to tin4 «oldier3 ot the war of U<1*2. j
By Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee : The petition of p. j
D. <ienii\ and 3S other citizen*. piavum the estahli-huieiit |
o! u peiL route, eommenonjrat Bakei'a Gap po^i office and !
lermi'i.ibnjj .u Du^an's Ferry, >n C.mercounty, iMiJ.sianeo ■
of 2ft mile-. ' ;
By Mr. DAVf;-, of Indiana: The pf-tiuon of Dcma*
and 175 ortsiri* cttizensof Tone Haur«\ in ib-> State
of {ndi'ina, pjavini: .in appropriation /or the improveuif nt ■
th" navigation' f the river Ohio,at the Fall--, hy the eon- I
btruelkm of anotln r and free eanal, oi sujne oilier similar '
Impiovewient, a*, recommended by Colonel Low:, supenn- 1
u,n<!eritof 'Vo-tein luipiovcnitist^, 1:1 hisiu^t icpoit.
Bv Mi. ALLEN, o{ fllmoi-: The petition of l'lea^ant |
Eaton and 3! oilier citizen-. of Valine and Hardin counties, j
asking that mail route No. 4,186. from MeLam-buio'. in !
Hamilton eou:; v, Illinois, to I?nJcijrh, in fia'me eountv. by ;
e*tend"d to i'-a^abetbxown, in Hardin county, in the Bute ,
ofUlmoi,).
IN SENATE. !
Tuesday, June 8, !
Prayer by the Rev. Littleton P. Morgan, :
Mr. WADS presented a petition of ctt'zens of'
Mount Vernon, Ohio, praying that the hill row
pe.jdmg Lefuie Comrress, commonly known as
the " homes'etul bill," may become a lav; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Laud'*.
Mr. BRIGH T presented a pei'Lon of citizens
of Indiana, nruym^ that the bill now per^msr be-
fore CotiiTtt-s<, commonly known as the "home-
stead bill," tv  >e-:omea law; whi^hwac refeired
to the ConnYMi n o:i Public Londs.
Mr. SOULii ;? eseured resolutions adopted at
o meeting ">? <-f New Orleans, m relation
so the ef of a navy-yard at that place-,
which were r,rJ&3uu m be laid on the table, a
report . already been made on that, subject
bv the Cu.fimitten <^n Nova! Af:1>.sr£;.
Also, a perilon of the New Orleans, Opelou^as,
and Great Western Puiiiroau Company, praying
the right of way through, and a donation of> pub-
lic land; which was referred to the Committeemen
Public Lands. This being a memorial referring
to a matter of considerable moment, in Y/hich the
Government itself may have a* considerable in-
terest, he asked leave to recommend it to the seri-
ous consideration of the Committee to which it
was referred.
Mr. WALKER presented fifteen petitions of
citizens of Wisconsin, praying that the bill now
pending before Congress, commonly known as the
"homestead bill," may become a law; which were
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Also, a petition of citizens of Indiana county,
Pennsylvania, praying that the bill now pending
before Congress, commonly known as the "home-
stead bill," may become a law; which was referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Also, a memorial of the members of the Na-
tional Reform Association of Monmouth county,
New Jersey, in favor of the passage of the bill
now pending before Congress, commonly known
as the "homestead bill," with certain amend-
ments; winch were referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. SHIELDS presented a petition of citizens
residing on the northern lakes, and the rivers,
bays, and gulfs of the Atlantic coast, praying some
immediate action by Congress to prevent the terri-
ble loss of life and property, in consequence of
explosions of steam-boilers, and other accidents
to steam-vessels upon the western waters; which
was ordered to be laid on the table.
Also, a petition of citizens of Wilmington, Illi-
nois; a petuion of citizens of Bloomington, Illi-
nois; a petition of citizens of Piainfield, Illinois;
two petitions of citizens of Chicago*, Illinois; and
a petition of citizens of Cook county, Illinois;
praying that the bill now pending before Congress,
commonly called the " home->!e<id bill." may be-
come a law; which were referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
Mr. STOCKTON presented a petition of citi-
zens of Atlantic, New Jersey, praying that the
bill now pending befoie Congress, commonly
known as the '* homestead bill," may become a
law; which was referred to the Committee on Pub-
he Lands.
Also, a petition of citizen* of Pennsylvania,
praying an increase of the duty on iron; which
was refeired to the Committee on Finance.
Also, a memorial of inventors, praying that the
PatentOhico building may bucompleted according
to the ordinal plan, and appropriated exclusively
to the business of that office; which \v;<s referred
to the Committee on .Patents nnu lite Patent
Office.
Also, a petition of William ICmmons, sr., for
the extern ion of the patent m* CJii Emmons, of
2.r)',i Ap; d, P-^D, for a cylindrical planing machine;
winch W.K- interred u> the Committee on Patents
and the Patenl Oiiice.
Atao, .i pet:'t< o of < iiicenN of {he I'nUed States,
praying a modification of the cartif; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. HUNTER presented a resolution of the
Legislature of Virginia, respecting tne wire sus-
pension biid£e at Wheeling; which was read and
ietarred to the Committee on the Judiciary, and
oideied t.«  be minted.
Also, ci i esohuion of the Legislature of Virginia,
respecting the y ay ami emolumentsduethe Peters-
burg volunteers, for services during the last war
with Great llntain; which was read and leferrcd
to, the Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. MALLORY presented two petitions of
citizens of Marion and Nassau counties, Florida,
praying tnat the State may be autnorUed to select
otner lands for the support of common schools,
m heu of sixteenth sections covered by Spanish
grants,and other sixteenth .sections of little or no
v-dee; which were refeired to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. CLEMENS presented an additional docu-
! rnenr in thecr.se of Edward Stiff: which wus re-
filled to ihe Committee on Pubiic Lands.
Mr. CHASE presented ninepetitions of citizens
or Ohio, praying that the bill now pending before
Congest/, co'mrnonly known as the "homestead
bill," may become a law; which were referred to
the Committee on Public. Lands.
Mr. BUTLER presented the memorial of B.
A. Choachman and others, citizens of George-
town, South Carolina, praying an appropriation for
the survey of the harbor at that place, and for
placing additional buoys therein; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce. -
Mr. CASS presented two petitions praying; for
grants of land for certain purposes; which we're'
referred to the,Committee on Public Lands.
INDUSTRIAL CONGRESS.
Mr. JAMES. Mr. President, I hold in my
hand a memorial from the Industrial Congress,
which recently held a session in this city. With-
out pledging myself to all the views of that body,
[ may be permitted to say, that it represents, prob-
ably, a hundred thousand persons, most of whom
are mechanics and working men of industrious
habits and respectable standing. The object of
the memorial is, to lay the views of the Industrial
Congress, and of those associations which that
body represents, before the Congress of the United*
States, and to respectfully urge the passage of the
homestead bill. I ask that ft may be readl
The petition was read, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, as follows:
2b the honorable the Senate and House of Representa-
tives. in Congress assembled:
Washington, D. C., June 4,1852.
The unterairned, Committee of the " National Industrial
Conurees," now in s# «wton in this city, with duo respect to
your honorable bodies, represent, That they were sent
imher by a larjze constituency of the industrial interests of
foeiety, to press upon your attention and that of the world
at large, thecreat features of reform and good government,
which have animated their deliberations and those of six
anterior annual beasions. *"
The measured most piominent amonjr their deliberations
i have ever been propositions for the creation of laws that
i shall foster and perpetuate the love ot home, and a desire
1 for independence of position iri the heart of every inhabit-
; ant upon the American soil—-to secure which, they pro-
! po«e, (ir<t: The exemption of the homestead from aliefta-
' tion tor debt. Second, The freedom of the public land to
, actual *ettlei --, undei limitations preventive of monopoly of
> the soil and the establishment of a commercial landocracy,
j sodestiuctiveofiepublican institution*, and the democratic
j In-uncts of the people. We claim these measuie^as just
| and practicable, and aside from man's abstract, natural and
i individual ri^ht to the soil of his country, bold, that he, po-
i litica'ly ami socially, is as much entitled to a home upon
i the c.nth as to the exercise of suffrage, freedom of speech,
| and of opinion, to life itself, or to any other of the recog-
nized rights of civilized man.
In view of these truths, we crave of your honorable
: bodies the passage of the iC homestead bill," now before
i you.
: WILLIAM J. YOUNG, N. Y., )
; A. II. ROSENHEIM, Penn., > Committee,
E. W. OAPRON,R. I., S
W.J. MULLEN,of Venn.) President.
' E. W. UAPRON, of R. 1., Secretary.
, REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. BRODHEAD, from the Committee on
! Claims, to which was referred the memorial of
' Hiram McCaity, asking remuneration for losses
' sustained by adhering to the American cause dur-
, ing the last war with Great Britain, submitted an
j; adverse report thereon; which was ox-dered to be
; printed.
!j Mr. WADE, from the Committee on Claims,
to which was referred the petition of D. A. Mel-
horn, praying indemnification for losses sustained
' in a contract for building a culvert in the city of
Washington, submitted an adverse report there-
! on; which was ordered to be printed.
1 Mr. PRATT, from the Committee on Claims,
to which was referred the memorial of Benedict
J. Heard, pmying indemnity for property de-
stroyed during the late war with Great Britain,
submitted a report, accompanied by a bill for his
relief; which was read and passed to the second
reading. The report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. STOCKTON, from the Committee on Na-
val AfF.urs, to which was referred the memorial of
ij John Duff, asking that a suit brought against him
I - for an alleged violation of contract in the delivery
ii of stone, may be discontinued, submitted areport,
}i accompanied by a bill for his relief; which was
it lead and passed to the socond reading. The re-
!' ^orfc was ordered to be printed.
j' " Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Com-
limerce, to which was referred the bill from the
!| House of Representatives to change the name of
the American-built vessel Amelia, and to grant
a register in her name, reported it back without
' amendment; and, on his motion, it was considered
; as in Committee of the Whole; and no amend*
j; went being offered, it was read a third time and
j passed.
i Mr. FELCH, from the Committee on Public
ij Lands, to which was referred the joint resolution
ii from the House of Representative?, authorizing
