1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1583
the Secretary of the Treasury to ratify and con-
firm an exchange of lands between the United
States and Charles Reynolds, of the city of Natchez,
in the State of Mississippi, reported it back with-
out amendment; and, on his motion, it was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole; and no
amendment being offered, it was read a third time
and passed.
* BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. MALLORY. by unanimous consent, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill to authorize
the school authorities in the State of Florida to
makecertain selections for school purposes; which
was read a first and second time by it<* title, and
referred to the Committee 011 Public Lands.
Mr. BUTLER, by unanimous cor went, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill for the re-
lief of the Wilmington and Manchester Railroad
Company; which was read a first and second time
by its title, and referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance.
BILL PASSED,
The engrossed bill to authorize the correction
of erroneous locations of military bounty land
warrants, by actual settlers, in certain cases, was
read a third time and passed.
HISTORICAL PAINTINGS FOR CONGRESS.
The Senate proceeded to consider the resolution jj
submitted by Mr. Cooper, on the 8th of April, |j
respecting the employment of Leutze and Healv !i
to execute certain paintings for Congress; and, jj
having been amended, it was agreed to, as fol- >■
lows:
Resolved, That the Committee on ths Library be and it j
is hereby instructed to inquire into the cxpcchency of em- ;
ploying Mr. Leutze to repaint for Conart'sx his painting;
representing Washington crossing the Delaware, together ,
mttl a feilow to it representing Washington ralljmg the .
American troops at the battle of MonmouMi; also, of em- j
ploying Mr. Healv to paint two picture, one representing ■
the throwing overboard of the tea in Boston harbor, the ,
other, the battle of Bunker Hill; aho, Mr. Roihermel to ;
execute two paintings, the subjects likewise to be drawn ;
from American revolutionary foiftory. ,
CHEAP OCEAN POSTAGE. j
Mr. SUMNER submitted the following resoiu- '
tion for consideration: |
Whereas, the inland postage on a letter for a distance :
within three thou "and miks is thteo cents when paid, and ;
five cents when unpaid, while the ocean posin«e on a >tm- j
ilar letter is twenty four cents, being a burdensome tax,
amounting olten to a piohibttion of foreign correspondence ; j
and yet letters can he earned at less cotton sea than on ;
land: , ,
And whereas, by increasing coi ro«pondenAe, aim also by j
bringing into the mails mailable matteiMiow o:t"ii c?an '
destiudy conveyed, cheap ocean postage would become i
•elf-supporting: I
And whereas, cheap ocean ponase would lend to quicken ;
commerce; to promote The intercourse of ia;uili'-'&
friends separated bv the ocoan : to multiply uir bond- <>! ;
peace and good-will pinong men and nation*-; and :mi<, ■
while important to every citizen, it would ueeon.e an active '
ally, especially o! the merchant, the eungrantj and the phi- <
lanthropist : therefore, I
$eit resalvd, That the President of the united State* ;
be requested to open negotiations with the European Pow- ,
ers, particularly with the Governments of Oieat liriiaui and ;
France, for the e tab)islm>ciit of cheap ocean postage. i
On motion by Mr. SUMNER, it was I
Ordered, That it be laid on the table, ;
A motion to print the resolution was referred to |
the Committee on Printing. j
CATLIN'S COLLECTION OF INDIAN SCENIC. ;
Mr. SEWARD submitted the following resoiu- \
tion for consideration: |
Resolved, That the Library Committee be requested in ;
inquire into tile expediency of r^portu:^ a lull lo.- use pur- ;
chase of Mr. George Calling colieclion of Indian Scenes i
ana Poitrails, which aie in danger ot being sold and lost to j
this country. ;
SAFETY OF PASSENGERS ON STEAMBOATS. i
Mr. DAVES. Yesterday 1 gave notice o>" ray I
intention to ask the Senate to consider the bill to !
amend an act entitled " An act to provide for the i
better security of the lives of pussenjjeis on board
of vessels propelled in whole or m part by steam."
1 now move that the prior orders be postponed for
the purpoce of proceeding to the conside-ation of
that bill.
Mr. UNDERWOOD, i regret very muon to
oppose any motion coming from my friend from
Massachusetts, but I think it ta a bad plan to go
partially through a subject, and then pass it over-
Such is the condition of the bill to provide for the
repair and improvement of the darn at tne head of
Cumberland Island, in the Ohio river. That bill
was partially considered yesterday, and would it
not be better to tak<nt up again and finally dispose
of it? I presume it will give rise to no more de-
bate, for 1 am willing to acquiesce in an amend-
ment which was yesterday suggested, to leave the
execution of the work to the Executive Depart-
ment. If, however, we proceed to the considera-
tion of the hill mentioned by the Senator from
Massachusetts, we may enter upon a discussion
that may occupy a week. I trust that, tise Cum-
berland dam bill may have precedence, and if it
shall give rise to discussion, I promise to abandon
it. i
Mr. BORLAND. I will surest to the Senator >
from Kentucky, that (he proper disposition of the i
bill which he fisks the Senate to consider, is to iny ;
it'upon the table, where it should continue to he |
until it comes up in a general hill. AH such sub- j
jeets should bea^ipd upon, and live or die to^ethor. [
Mr. ATCHISON". I beg to remind the Senate ;
| thr.fc the Minnesota treaties have been acted upon j
l in Executive session, and it. is very important that i
• the Senate should a^nin proceed to their consider- i
; ation. _ i
| Mr. DAVIS. 1 yesterday cave notice of the
motion which I have now nitule to take up the bd! ;
; which I Inve designated, and I honed the Senate
I would induce tr.e with its consideration. If, ho\v-
j ever, the Senate i<a not disposed to do so, I will
j withdraw my motion.
| The motion was withdrawn.
; DAM IN THE OHIO RIVER.
! Mr. UNDERWOOD, I now move the post-
; ponement of all prior orders for the purpose of
| proceeding to the consideration of the Cumberland
, dam bill.
; The motion was nor agreed to.
i EXECUTIVE SESSION.
! Mr. ATCHISON". I now move that the Sen -
, ate proceed to theconsidcration of Executive busi-
ness.
Mr. BRADBURY. Before that motion i«i agreed
to, I desire to sny that i hone the Senate will first
devote a short time to the transaction of other or-
dinary business. 1 wish to call up a smalt bii! that
can soon be disposed of; but if Jt should (.<;cu;-y
half on hour, I promise to move that tt be passed
over for the purpose of proceeding to Executive
business.
Mr. ATCHISON. I h*'*e psessed the motion
whi.'h I have now made frequently f>r several
v/eei>s. The Senate is avare of the necessity or
proceeding to the consideration of Execuuve busi-
ness, which [ think the Senate ran dispose
day, if we proceed to it at once, pud to-morrow
may be devoted to the husriR** which Senators
now uis;e upon the attention of the Se ak .
The motion was agreed to, nmt the residue of
the dav ?vV3 devoted to E:-:ecu! ive business.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, June 3, 1S52.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Rev. Littlktok P. Moroav.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. McCORKLE, by iManhnous consent, pre-
sented the following lesolutmrs fiom the Legisla-
ture of California; which weie disposed of ay in-
dicated below:
1. A resolution ;n favor of the immediate enoct-
ment, by Congies% of a law providing compensa-
tion for services rendered by volunteers in Cali-
fornia du.-in£ the Mcxiciin wai, and for [>rope:u
lost, althon jh said volunteers may iim h:iv£ been
enlisted m strict, conformity to law: and also for
the extension to ^aid volonieers of the full bene-
fits of all the existing laws of Ci/nir:t:ss relative to
persons engaged, in the L'r.ucd nnhtuiy ser-
vice.
i Referred to the CoromlH^e on VFd'tpry A lOirs
2. Resolution in favor of the rigid enforcement
i of the existing taws in reference to emi^sfnl vt.r-
• seis, and, if necessary, of the passage of such Saws
I as shall guard against she guevous abuses nov/
i existing, and secure to those traveling in c, nd
vessels^protection to their health and li*es.
j Referred to the Committee on Commence.
| 3. Resolution in favor of the passage of a Law
I by Congress authorizing the proper Departms uto
! enter into contract witii Lafayette Myynard and
i John Parrot, for the semi-monthly transportation
; of mails between Panama and San Francisco, or
j between New York and San Francisco, us they
{ may prefer, upon terms equally liberal with the
; contracts now existing upon this route; this addi-
j tional contract to provide for the transmission of
| the mails in the weeks intervening between tho e
: fixed for the arrival  f the mails, and against the
I further extension of the contracts heretofore made
! with the Pacific Mail Steamship Company.
| Referred to the Committee on the Post OfHce
' and Post Roads.
4. Resolution in favor of an appropriation by
Congress for the relief of Ehas Waldo, of CaKfor-
! nia, for money expended by him and for his dili-
gence in relieving the destitute, suffering, starving,
and sick, amon£ the overland emigrants to Cali-
fornia in the year ]850.
| Referred to the Committee on Territories.
; 5. Resolution in favor of a change of the elee-
I tion laws so as to authorize the meeting1 of the
electors m the State of California on the third
i Wednesday of December.
! Referred to the Committee on Elections.
! 6. Resolution in favor of the establishment of
a branch Mint of the United States in the State of
■! California at the earliest, possible moment.
Referred to the Committee on Waysand Means,
; and oide<ed to be printed.
Mr. McCORKLE. I desire to say something
, upon the question of printing the last resolution.
!; I believe that question is debatable.
i| The SPEAKER. The resolution has already
j: been referred and ordered to be primed.
i| Mr. A'feCORKLE. I wished to address the
;i House upon the subject of this resolution, but I
II am not very desirous to do so now, and I will
|: trouble the "House no further.
j! Mr. BiSSELL. 1 rtee to a question of privi-
[' [grrg —
; 'Mr. MARSHALL, of California. I ask the
! ^PiHlemtia from Illinois to yield tiie floor to emibie
! me to nsi! a question.
Mr. C!SS£LL. I will dn go for that purpose.
; Air. MARSHALL. 1 Rsk the Chair if the
question v.'ns pnt upon the motion to refer and
: print this i osolution ?
The SPEAKER.. It was. The order was
made by the unnnimous consent of the House.
| Mr. MARSHALL. I ask the unanimous con-
: sent of the House for the Committee on Waysand
1 Means to report a Senate bill which has lam be-
i fore tiMt committee since the third day of the
.I meeting of the present Confess—bdi for 'die es-
• t.iblislimcnt of a branc'.i Mint in Ct'lifonva. it
a bdl to ^vhir.h. I beUeve not a sn>^ie m m :n tilts
House Si.-:; ail objertlon to nr;;e, nntl cue of isn-
menao .i> .1 vital importance to that class which
my i:olle,-.;;ue [Mr. McCoiikle] and myself pe-
cu'li.irly represent. I beg the ear of the House
while i say half a dozen words that ous;ht to be
beard and o>i<rht to be understood. It is believed
in this House, and in the country, that ^oid is
worth <il? per ounce in C«hfoniia. But th.u i.i
not the fin--.. From the hand of the laborer, it is
lurnsd in'o the market at tjUG per ou;:ce. Now,
this cold ip worth about $17 50 abroad. I believe
the average is near ^18. The produce bei%- half
an ounce s, day, cach mining hiborer in California
pajs upon his day's labor a tax greater than the
entire \var;es of the same class of labpreis m any
other part"of the United States. This is an out-
race v/hirli v/e have long and patiently suffered—
Ki-ainst whi'.h v/e iiave expo&tuiaicd often ic-s?-'-
1','erarely. and which ha.i resulted in the lrns of
<■•20,00(3,000, to this peculiar class of labou.s iri
C'lhforma au'ce thedii?co\ery of the rnu.es. 1 ca'.i
1 theensent of the House for that ctmihv.ttee to rf-
j i ort tins, ijili, liiKi i hope no one will olijtfCt.
' jVir. STANLY. 1 riseto a question ofmdei.
| Mr. MARSHALL. I do not Know of any
: rule which admits of a parennesx within a pa-
| reoihe'iis. [ come ni a pare.:thes:s myself, and i
j do not \itld the floor to anybody. -
. The SPEAKER. The 'CIi.it unders'.ood the
! unanimous consent of the House to be pven to
! tne sreu'Ieoian from California to makP a few re
' mart:!, ir. ■ tference to the Cahfurnia Mint bill.
; [Cries of   Go on " Go on !"j
| Mr. MAtlSBALL. I want to speak for some
i nme, as it will require more than ail hour to ex-
! plain fully this matter to the House.
j The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that, undei
j the consent given by the House to the gentleman
