1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
623
all I have to say in conclusion is, that I trust the
House will deal liberally and generously towards
our fair daughters of the West, and I have no
doubt that we shall never have cause to be ashamed
of or to repudiate them.
Mr. WELCH. Would it be in order to offer
an amendment to the bill now ?
The SPEAKER. It would not, as there is an
amendment to an amendment already pending;.
Mr. HOUSTON. I suppose it would be in
order to move to amend by way of substitute?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that it
would not.
Mr. WELCH. Then I ask the Clerk to read
the amendment which I send to the desk, and
which I design to offer at the proper time.
The Clerk read the amendment, as follows:
Sec. —. %/lndbe it further enacted, That for the purpose
of aiding ill the construction of a railroad from the said city
of St. Louis, by way of the city of Cincinnati, and through
the county of Washington, m the State of Ohio, to Thiee
Forks, or some other point in the State of Virginia, on the
Baltimoie and Ohio Railroad, there he and is hereby
granted to each of the States through which the same shall
be located, to wit; the States of Illinois, Indiana, Ohio,
and Virginia, the right of way for the same, and al&o' s-ix
sections of the public lands belonging to the United States,
and not otherwise appropriated or pledged, for eacli and
every mile m length of such ruad, which "shall be located in
eaeli of baid States respectively, to be ^elected by the Gov-
ernor of each State, subject to the approval of the Secretary
of the Interior, and to be disposed of by the Legislatures
respectively of said States, as provided in the fifth and
seventh sections of this act, and the proceeds to he applied
to aid m the construction of said load from St. Louis in
this section mentioned; which road, as well as the divi-
dends accruing to said States on --lock therein, shall be
subject to all the provisions arorebaid respecting Kud loads
through the State ofMissouri.
[A message was here received from the Senate,
announcing the passage of sundry bills by that
body.]
Mr. WELCH. I am in favor of this bill, and
will vote for it whether my amendment be adopted
or not.
Mr. FOWLER, (interposing1.) I ask the gen-
tleman to give way for a moment, in order to allow
me to give notice of an amendment, which 1 pro-
Fose to offer as soon as I can have an opportunity.
desire to give that notice now, because 1 do not
know that I shall have another opportunity. I
ask that it be read for information.
The amendment was then read for information
by the Clerk, as follows;
Sec. 7. And be it /wither enacted, That there shall he
granted to the States named in thi« section, for purposes ot
education and of internal impiovemenf, so much of the
public domain as is specified lor each : that is, to the State
of Maine, five hundred and eighty-three thousand and torty
acies; to the State of New HampMme, three humfied anil
seventeen thousand seven liundied and sixty acres; to the
State of Veimont, three hundred and thirteen thousand nine
hundred and twenty acres; to the State of Massachusetts,
nine hundred and ninety-lour thousand two hundred and
forty acres; to the State ot Ithode Wand,one hundred and
forty-seven thousand five hundred and twenty acres; to the
State of Connecticut, three hundred and seventy thousand
five hundred and sixty acies; to the State of New York,
three millions ninety seven thousand two hundred and
eighty acres; to the State of New Jersey, four bundled and
eighty nine thousand two hundred and eighty acres; to the
State of Pennsylvania, two millions three hundred and
eleven thousand six hundred and eighty acres ; to the State
of Delaware, ninety thousand five hundred and sixty acres j
to the State of Maryland, five bundled and forty-^ix thou-
sand eight hundred'and eighty acres; to the State of Vir-
ginia, one million two hundred and thirty-one thousand kix
hundred and eighty acres ; to the State of North Caiohna,
seven hundred and fifty-three thousand two hundied and
eighty acre.-); to the State of South Caiohna, five hundied
and fourteen thousand two hundred and forty acre^; to the
State of Geoigia, seven hundred and fifty-three thousand
two hundred and'eighty acres; to the State of Tennessee,
nine hundred and six thousandfivehundiedamlr-ixtyacies;
and to the State of Kentucky, eight hundred and ninety-
seven thousand nine hundred and twenty acres; which
lands so granted &luill be located in parcels conformably to
sectional division* and sub-divisions of not less than three
hundied and twenty acres in any one location, if so much
can be had, on any public land, except such to which a
right of preemption maj have attached, or such as is or may
be reserved from sale by any law of Congress or proclama-
tion of the President of the United States, which said loca-
tions maybe made at anytime after the lands shall have
been purveyed according to exi^Mntr laws; and it shall be
lawful for the Governors of said States respectively, to ap-
point one or more agents to locate the lands granted as
afoiesaul, for the State of which he is the Governor. Such
a<rent-i, m making their locations, «hall be governed by such
rules and regulations as the Secretary of the Infenor may,
from time to time, prescribe; and when the lands tor each
State have bee n located and selected, patents therefor shall
be issued to the State entitled to the same.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That the lands granted
to the States according to the preceding section, shall be
disposed of by said States respectively, in such manner as
their respective Legislatures mav diiect: Prodded, however,
That no portion of said lands sha'l be sold at less than one
dollar and twenty-five cents per acie, until otherwise au-
thorized by a Jaw of the United States, and the net pro-
ceeds of thesales of said lands shall be faithfully applied to
objects of internal improvement, or to put poses of educa-
tion, or to both, as the legislatures of the States respectively
owning the lands granted may direct: Provided, further,
That all roads, railways, bridges, cajials, and water-courses
which shall be exclusively built, constructed, or improved
by the funds arising fiom the disposition of said lands, shall
be fiee for the transportation of the United States mail and
munitions of war, and for the passage of their troops,
without the payment of any toll whatever.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That it shall he law-
ful for the agents aforesaid, or any one of them, in select-
ing lands and making locations for his State, to select and
locate any of the alternate sections or any pan thereof
which may have been or may hereafter be reserved from
sale by any act of Congress giantmg lands m aid of the con-
struction of any railroad or canal whatever. Provided,
however, That in 'ocating any such section or pait of sec-
tion, the State for whose benefit it may be selected and lo-
cated shall be charged with, and the quantity of land
granted to such State shall be diminished by double tiie
quantity of acres contained in the reserved section or part
of section thus selected and located. Nothing in the three
la^t section*, contained shall authoijze the location of any
lands gianted by them or either of them, within the limits
of the State of California or the Territories of New Mexico,
Utah, or Oregon.
Mr. F. said:. I hope to have an opportunity to
offer this amendment, when I will endeavor to
show the justice and propriety of it.
Mr. WELCH. I should be glad to have the
attention of the House for a short time; and I will
promise to occupy only a few moments in expla-
nation of the amendment which I have sent to the
Chair.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask if the morning hour
has expired?
The SPEAKER. It has not yet expired.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the gentleman would as
lief speak in the morning hour to-morrow, I ask
him to give way in order to allow me to move to
go into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. WELCH. If I can have the opportunity
to speak at another time I have no objection.
Mr. HOUSTON. The morning hour will ex-
pire m a few moments. I ask, therefore, that the
gentlemen from Ohio will give way for me to
move to proceed to the business on the Speaker's
table. He will then be entitled to the floor when
the business comes up to-morrow morning.
Mr. WELCH. 1 will give way with that un-
derstanding.
Mr. HOUSTON. I now move that the rules
be suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union upon the special order.
The SPEAKER. That motion can only be en-
tertained by unanimous consent.
Mr. HALL. 1 object to it.
Mr. HOUSTON. The morning hour having
not yet expired, the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Welch] gives way in order for me to make that
motion, and I ask the Chair if the motion is not
in order? I do not propose to make it under the
rule. I take it for granted that under the rule it
is? always in order to go into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. It would be competent for
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Welch] to make
that motion; and the Chair thinks it would be in
order forhmi to yield to the gentleman from Ala-
bama [Mr. Houston] to make the same motion.
Mr. HALL. If the gentleman from Ohio yields
the floor for that purpose, I ask whether he does
not yield the floor altogether ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks, under the
rule, he does lose it altogether.
Mr. HOUSTON. If that is the effect of the
motion, I will not take the floor from the gentle-
man.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the gen-
tleman from Ohio cannot yield the floor for that
purpose, unless he yields it altogether.
Mr. HOUSTON. I think the practice of the
House is the other way, but as the morning hour
has so nearly expired, I will not consume time in
the matter.
Mr. WELCH. Mr. Speaker, I do not pro-
pose to consume the time of the House for more
than a few minutes for ihe purpose of explaining
the amendment which I have sent to the Chair,
because I suppose, from the reading of it at the
Clerk's desk, the House have become possessed
of the facts.
The bill before the House proposes a grant of
lands to aid in the construction of two railroads
in the State ofMissouri. The amendment which
I have proposed provides for taking up the one of
these roads which commences at St. Louis and
runs to some indefinite terminus upon the western
boundary of the State of Missouri, and to con-
tinue it through the States of Illinois, Indiana, a ,
part of Ohio, to Cincinnati, and thence to the Ohio
river, at a point somewhere on the line of Wash-
ington county, at or near the town of Marietta;
from thence to the Three Forks, or some other
point on the line of the Baltimore and Ohio Rail-
road, in the State of Virginia, thus connecting the
two roads, so that there shall be a continuous line
of railroads from the city of Baltimore to the ex-
treme western line of the State of Missouri. That
is the character of the amendment which I pro-
pose, or at least that is the road to aid in the con-
struction of which this amendment is intended.
It is to carry out-the principles of the bill, as ap-
plied to Missouri railroads, so far as they are
applicable to this proposed road, through Illinois,
Indiana, Ohio, and a past of Virginia. That is,
it proposes that there shall be granted to each of
these States, in the first place, tne right of way
through the public domain through which the
proposed road is to be located; ana in the next
place, it proposes not to give alternate sections,
because there is but a small quantity of the public
lands through which it passes, nearly all having
been sold. It proposes, therefore, that there shall
be granted to each of the States through which it
passes, respectively, as much of the public lands
for every mile of the road within her limits as
shall be equal in amount to the alternate sections
which it is proposed to grant to the Missouri
roads by the bill now under consideration; that is,
six square miles or sections to every mile in length
of the road.
Mr. HOUSTON, (interrupting.) I desire to
inquire of the Speaker whether the morning hour
has yet expired ?
The SPEAKER. It has expired.
Mr. HOUSTON. I feel called on by a sense
of duty, in relation to other measures before the
House, to move that the House do now proceed
to the consideration of the business on the Speak-
er's table.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
kossuth's letter of thanks.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is on the motion to print the communication from
the President of the United States, transmitting a
letter of thanks from Louis Kossuth to the Gov-
ernment and Congress of the United States, upon
which the gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Evans]
is entitled to the floor.
Mr. HOUSTON. Will it be in order forme to
move to suspend the rules, and go into Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union upon the
special order?
Mr. EVANS. I do not wish to lose the floor
upon this question. I am willing that the motion
shall be made.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then I submit that motion.
The question was put, and the motion agreed
to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Olds in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN. The special order before
the committee is joint resolution No. I, explana-
tory of the act approved September 28, 1850
granting bounty land to certain officers and sol-
diers who have been in the military service of the
United States.
When the committee rose, the question pending
was on the amendment proposed by the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Bell,] to add two additional
sections to the bill—to come in at the end of the
second section—upon which question tellers had.
been ordered.
The amendment was reported, as follows:
1. That the pioviPions of the act entitled i( An act grant-
ing bountv land to certain officers and soldiers who have
been engaged in the military service of the United States,"
passed September 28, 1850, be and are heiehy intended to
and for the «ervice of any non-commissioned officer, musi-
cian, or puvate, who engaged to serve for a definite or in-
definite period of time, and actually did serve (••oiufi time,
though h-ss than thirty days m an\ of said wars enumerated
in the fiist section of said act. so as to allow to such person
or pcr-ons entitled thereto foity acres.
2. Thar in ca^es where tn^re h no widow or minor child
or children entitled under the piovisions of said act, then
the heirs at law and next of kin shall be entitled to receive
the same quantity of land that such deceased commissioned
;/
