UBQ
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 8.
for_educational purposes. She has never asked
tor anything which is unreasonable; and the
amount of money expended there has been lim-
ited indeed.' We have no light-houses. We have
never asked for the improvement of rivers; but all
that we have asked of this Congress is, that you
will give us a small amount of money to enable
us to build a road, by which sve may t>e enabled
to nass~from one part of the Terri'ory to another.
With this statement, and knowing that the House
will not, under any circumstances, confound the
system of internal improvements in the States
with these small territorial appropriations, I move
the previous question on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The question was then taken upon the passage
of the bill, and there were—yeas 85i nays 83; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Charles AUen, Allison, John Appleton,
Belt, Bibighaus, Bowie, Bronton, Lewi* D. Campbell,
Thompson Campbell, Carrier, Chandler, Chastain. Clark,
Cleveland, Conger, John G. Davis, Dean, Dnnniiek, Dis-
ney,  )f ty, Duncan, Durkee, Eastman, tidgerton, Ficklm,
Florence*, Freeman, llemyM. Fuller, Gentry, bidding.-,
Gilmore, Goodetvnv, Gieen, Haven, Hemhicks, Henn.
Jolin VV. Howe, Hunter, IngeisolJ, Andrew Johnson, John
Johnson, Robert W. .Johnson, Landry, Lockhait. Mace,
Edward C. Marshall. Humphrey Marshall, Ma-son, McDon-
ald, McLnnahan, McNair, Miller, Molony, Henry D
Moore, Murray, Newton, Olds, Andrew Parker, Samuel
W. Parker, Ptmniman, Porter,Itanloul, Kichard^on, Uobie,
SchermHrljorn, Scudder, Scurry, David L. Seymour, On-
gen S. Seyinotir, Smith, Snow, Benjamin Stamon, Fred
ericlt P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Abr'rn P. Steven0,
Stone, Stuart, Sweeper, Thurston, Townshend, Walsh,
Ward, Washburn, Williams, and Yatop—85.
NAYS-Mes-srs. Abeicrotnbie, Ashe, Averett, Babcock,
David J. Bailey, Batrerc, Buale, Bennett, Bo'-ock, John
h. Boyd, Brasrg, Brute-', Brooks, Albert G. Brown, Buhm.
Burrow*. E. Carrington Cabell, Caldwell, Ca^kie, Church-
wcl!, Cntigman, Cobb, Coleock, Cullont, Curtis, Daniel,
George T. i)avH, Daw-ou, Dock'-ry, E.IiiiuikUoii, I'lwi'ig,
Fovvli*, Gamble, G rev, Hammond, f-ham G. llairi<.Samp-
son W. Harris, Uaseall, Uehard, Hjbbard, HiMver, flolU-
day, Hor-ford. flou-ton, Ilowaid, Thomas iM. Howe,
Thomas Y. How, Jackson, Jame- Johnson, George. W.
Jones, J. Giaticy Jones, George G. King, Kuhn-, Kurtz,
Martin, Meaclmm, Me^de, MiII-on, Mmehead, iVabers. urr,
Outlaw, Phelps, Polk, ltobhin?,Ros>, Sehoonmnk")*, tfmnrt,
Stanly, Alexander II. Stephens,Thaddeits Steven*. Taylor,
George. W. Thotnp-on, Toombs, Venable, Walluidge,
Wallace, Walking Welch, Wells, Wilcox, and Wihiriek
——83.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. RICHARDSON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was pissed, and to lay the
motion to reconsider upon the table; which latter
motion was agreed to.
CA " ITORN!A MINT BILL.
Mr. HOUSTON. As there was objection to
the Committee on Ways and Means reporting the
California Mint bill, and at the time it seemed to
be baaed upon the fact th-U it would intevfere with
the bus:ne.s? of the morning hour, I desire now to
ask the permission of the House that ihe com-
mittee be allowed to repoit ih.it bill. 1 will strife
a fact or two in regard to thin matter—and J fhink
it due to the commiitee that I should s';uc if—that
this bill has bee i acted upon by the Committee on
Ways and .Means, nnd they have been ready to
report it, f believe, some three or four momhs nt
least. If the hill is to be pawned or all, it seems
now to be proper that it should he teported to the
House.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. I wish to a*k
a question of the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr.
Houston*,] which I hope lie will answer before he
takes ins .seat. J wwh to inquire of him whether
the committee of winch he is chairman bed under
consideration al.-o the qnesrion of a Mint at the
city of .New Yoik, and whethcrthey are not ready
to report a bill favor ibie to that application ? And
if so, \ ask of him that he would make the report
at the same time he makes thi« in regard to Cali-
fornia.
^ Mr. HOUSTON. In reply to the question of
fhe gentleman from New Yo> k, [Mr. Seymour,]
I will suae, that the Com out top on Ways and
Means ha\e also ordered a hill to be reported,
establishing: a Mint in the city of New York.
That bill, I btliere, is in the hands of another
member of the committee, anil not in mine. This
bill was acted upon first, and I am willing, under
tbe restrictions of ihe iwn bills, to vote for both
of them. But tiiis is a bill intended more directly
and immediately t> retch und relieve the distresses
which exist in California than any other bill, and
should be disposed of at once. The New York
bill, it is true, is one demanded by the commercial
interests of that city and the country, and I expect
to support it. This bill, however, goes to sustain
and protect against loss the gold diggers—the
workers—the men who do not traffic in their own
labor, except when forced to do so under circum-
siances such as exist now in California. They
are now forced into a state of traffic by which
they lose largely. This bill is intended for the
relief of gold diggers and laborers, and hence it is
that 1 make the appeal directly to the House to
ajlow it to be reported. 1 do not propose, and 1
think the gentlemen who are in favor of both of
these bills should not desire to fasten them together
with the view that the one may carry the other.
We should allow the two bills to come before the
House upon their merits; and if they have merits
such as will recommend them to the consideration
of Congress, we should let them pass; but do not
blend them together. Let them stand un tram-
meled one by the other. I do not desire that one
shall be carried through by the influence of the
other.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. I wish to
ask the gentleman from Alabama to allow me to
say a word or two in this connection. It is not
the desire of any gentleman 
Mr. TOOMBS. 1 rise to a point of order. Has
the gentleman from Alabama a right to the floor
himself?
Mr'. HOUSTON. I ,ask permission to report
this bill to the House.
Mr. TOOMBS. Then I object to it, and that
will settle it.
The morning hour, I under-
The morning hour has not
Then I ask for the regular
Mr. HOUSTON.
stand, has expired.
The SPEAKER.
yet been consumed.
Mr. HOUSTON.
order of business.
Mr. GORMAN. There is a motion pending
which 1 think has precedence at this time, which
I ask to havec.onsidered. Some three weeks since
this House ordered a bill—No. 239, to supply a
deficiency to the Stale of Indiana of lands gi anted
to a university in snid State—to be referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The^entlennm from North Carolina [Air. Stanly]
moved to reconsider the vote making the refer-
ence. 1 desire that that motion may be consid-
ered now. 1 submit to the Chair whether it has
not preference ?
The SPEAKER. In reply to the gentleman
from Indiana, the. Chair slates that it is not in
order to call up that proposition until the morning
hour has expiied.
Mr. GORMAN. 1 thought the morning hour
had expired.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has not
commenced yet.
FLORIDA RAILROAD.
The SPEAKER. The bill reported by the
gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Oim,J from
the Committee on Public Lands, in relation to the
Florida railroad, is the first bill in order. The
gentleman fiom Florida has possession of the bill,
ho the Clerk informs the Speaker.
Mr. HALL. Is not the iowa bill the first bill
in order this morning? What lies become of it?
The SPEAKER. There is a proposition to re-
consider the motion to lay that bill* upon the table.
Tf that motion is called up, the Chair will rule that
it is in order.
Mr. HALL. I do not wish to call it up now.
[A message was here received from the Sen-
ate, by the hands of Asbuju Dickins, Esq., its
Secretary, stotiog that that body had passed a
joint resolution, and bill of the House, authorizing
the Secretary of the Treasury to ratify and con;
fiim an exchange of lands between the United
States and Chailes Reynolds, of the city Natchez,
in the State of Mississippi; also, an act to change
the name of an American-built vessel named
Ara^lin, and to grptit a register in her name; and
an act, to authorize the correction of erroneous
location of military bounty land warrants by act-
ual settlers on the public lands.]
Mr. DEAN. I ask if any one has a right to
call up that motion to reconsider except the gen-
tleman from Missouii, who made it?
The SPEAKER. Not while the gentleman
from South Carolina has the floor.
Mr. ORR. I understand the Florida railroad
bill is the first business in order.
The SPEAKER. The Florida bill is the first
business m order.
Mr. ORR. The bill was ordered to be printed
a week ago, when it was postponed until this day.
I understand that it is in the ha^ds of the printer,
and not yet returned. I therefore move that the
further consideration of the bill be postponed until
to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MARSHALL, of California. I move,
sir, if it be in order, as I think it is, that the Com-
mittee on Ways and Means be allowed to report
back the bill for the establishment of a branch
Mint in California.
The SPEAKER. Itcan only be done by unan-
imous consent.
Mr. MARSHALL. I ask the unainmous con-
sent of the House.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I object.
The SPEAKER. Report.*, are in order from
the Committee on Public L'ands.
GRAINS OF T.AKD FOR RAILROADS.
Mr. BENNETT, from the Committee on Pub-
I lie Lands, reported a hill making grants of land
i to aid in the construction of railroads and for
other purpose?; which was read a first and sec-
ond time by its title.
Mr. ft. 1 desire to put that bill upon its pas-
sage. I do not want to debate it, but I wish to
have the vote of the House upon it.
Mr. COBB. I desire to ask the gentleman
from New Yoik what bill it is?
1 he SPEAKER. It is the bill this moment
reported. *
Mr. BENNETT. I should like to have the
bill read.
The Clerk then read the first and second sec-
tions of the bill, as follows:
Be it cnacfed, 3*c., That there is hereby severally granted
so the States named heroin, the following amounts of pub-
lic land. ie>pectively, for the puiposes heieinafter men-
tioned, viz:
ToMis-omi, three million acres; to Alabama, two mil-
lion five hundred thousand acie*; 10 Iowa, three million
acrc^; to Michigan, two million five bundled thousand
ncre ; to Wi^eon^in, two million five hundred thousand
acrbt>; to Loui-iana, two million five hundred thou>and
acr*a; to Mississippi, two million acres; to Florida, ivvo
million acros; to Arkansas, three million act<^ ; to Cali-
fornia, three million acres; to Illinois, one million acres;
to Indiana, all Ihe public lands not soJd, located, or re-
<«M-ved, lying within her limit?, and one million acres in
addition theiPto; to Ohio, ail the public land not sold, lo-
cated, or received, 1 vinss within h^r limit*, and two million
acres in addition thereto; and to each of the States of
Maine New Hampshire, Vermont, Ma^cnchu-etts, Rhode
I .-.laud, Connecticut, New York, New Jer.^ev, Pennsylva-
nia, Delaware, North Carolina, South Carolina. Georgia,
Mar} land, Virginia, Kenlucky, and Tenne-see, at the rate
of one hundred and fifty thousand afre^, for ench Senator
and Representative in the Tinny-"econd Congress, from
said States, respectively. And to each of the organized
Territories, and the Djstuct of Columbia, 0110 hundred and
fifty thousand acres.
Sec. 2. be it further cnactcd. That the eleven
State-*, in the pieceding suction first named, are authorized
to npply the proceeds of the lands, hereby severally granted
to them, to aid in the construction of raihoad^ in the Ss .^s
re-pectivoly. And a rislit of way through the public
i> b<;r< hv severally granted to tho >nid State-, and thc\ are
ceveially nuthonzed to take neee^aiv ni.U'iiaN T>f earth,
stone, and tnnbei, ior the eon-*ti net 1011 of the said raihq ids,
respectively, fiom the public land? adi^cen? thereto. And
in locating each of the s;nd railroads, and as-igning the
limits thereto, no more land shall be taken from the United
States than is necessary fortheconveiuent construction a;?d
u-e of each of ^aid railroad.-, respectively, including stations,
and the public buildings of all kind5?, connected with said
load-, turnouts, and >uch other appurtenances as a>-e neces-
sary or usually enjo\ rd by railroad companies. And 0 copy of
{lie location of said seveml roads, respectively, made under
the direction of the Legislature of each State, in which said
roads aie made, shall be forwarded to the proper local land
offices, and the General Land Oflic'1 at Washington city,
withm ni'tety dnys aftei the *.amo are completed, respect-
ively, and shall be dulv recorded. And there is hereby
severally granted to cach of the eleven States, in the pre-
ceding "-eelm-i fj:>t name;!, respecm Hv, the amount of land
therein specified, <or the puiposeo>'making ra (roads therein
respectively, a'bresatd, to be taken along the entire
length of the line or route of said several raMioads, so far
as the United States own land-op. the line oi said several
roads, m manner following, vis: every alternate section of"
land designated by even numbers for six miles in width on
each Mde of said seveial lailroads. But incase it shall
appear that the United States have, when the lines or
routes of any of >aid loads are definitely fixed in the man-
ner and by the authoiity aforesaid, sold anv section, or any
part theieof, granted afuie;-aiil, or that the light of pre.-
empfion has attached to the same, then it shall be lawful
for anv agent or agent- to be appointed by the Governor of
each ot s-aid States, respectively, to select, subject to the
approval of the Secretary of the Interior, from the landa of
the United States most contiguous to the tiers or sections
above specified, so much land in alternate sections or parts
of sections as shall be equal to such lands as the United
States have sold, or to which the ri^ht of preemption has
attached as aforesaid, which lands (thus selected in heuof
those sold or to which preemption lights have attached as
aforesaid, together with the sections and parts o£ sections
