2400
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 27.
the work, and actually sets up that claim. This
amendment proposes to pay him what it actually
cost, with a profit of twenty per cent.
Mr. MANGUM. I ask that the amendment
may be divided. As to the former contiact in re-
lation to the decisions of the Supreme Court, it
was a matter which was compromised, and
whether advantageously for the Government or
not, i am willing to abide by the compromise.
The PRESIDENT. As a division of the ques-
tion is asked, the first question will be on the first
part of the amendment of the Senator from Mary-
land to the amendment, which is to insert:
Provided, however, That in making such payment tliere
shall be deducted therefrom the sum of .<510,000, overpaid
t'or printing decisions of the Supreme Court m the emigrant
tax eases irom New York and Massachusetts.
Mr. WALKER. I will say a few words now
to the Senate, for I am confident that the reason
why that large charge was made for printing the
decisions of the Supreme Court of the United States
has never been properly understood. In the con-
tract which Mr. Ritchie made there was a certain
class of printing which he was to do at such a rate
"per hundred copies." That was designed to
cover the headings of our bills, lists of yeas and
nays, and matters of that sort. After the print-
ing of the decision .of the Supreme Court was or-
dered there was some question raised whether it
fell under any of the other classes, which were to
be paid at so much per thousand ems. That diffi-
culty being raised, it was not so easily settled. It
was finally determined that the printing came un-
der the fifth class—that which was to be paid so
much per hundred copies, and which related to
the printing of lists of yeas and nays, headings of
bills, programmes of funerals,&c. It was decided
to come under that class, but it could not be made
to fit it without something else, and it was then
ascertained that the other matter which was ne-
cessary was to insert the words " per page."
Then it made it read—how*'' That he should be
paid so much per page per hundred copies; so that
it left it perfect nonsense. It is perfectly sensible
and consistent if you leave out the words "per
page," leaving him to be paid so much per hun-
dred copies. When that is applied to the matter
to which it was designed to be applied, it is all
right; but when you insert the words " per page"
before the words p*r hundred copies," ltmakes
nonsense. Who ever heard of such a thing5 It
is equivalent not only to inserting the words si per
pnge" in the contract, but to striking out " per
hundred copies;'5 and so yon change the contract
entirely in tLj.t particular. This charge was made
under that head after interpolating 44 per paire.*'
The charge amounted to $36,000 or $37,000. The
Secretary of the Senate at once invoked at making
any such payment, and, as is alleged, a compro-
mise was effected. but that compromise was ef-
fected under a clear misunderstanding and misap-
prehension of the contrnot as it was designed when
eateied into by the Senate. The compromise
price winch was paid for the printing was $12,000.
There is no guide for the allowance. The contract
does not iecogiii/e it; and as wearenmkingafinal
settlement with Mr. Ritchie, and as I am one of
those who .'ire willing to give him a fair remune-
ration for h;s labor, mid also a fair profit upon it,
L desire to see tin* remedial. The fh>t part of
the amendment offered by the Senator lorn Mary-
land will reach the case of the V'*',lfir>£ 0* {'-e
i isioiis of the Supreme Court. The remomder of
it will reach the ci«eor the obituary notices of
General Taylor; and I think th.it if it be incorpo-
rated into the amendment of the Senator from
Illinois, it will make a very fair proposition, and,
as a whole, I shall he content to vote for it.
Mr. PEARCE called for the yeas and nays
upon the first branch of the amendment; and they
were ordered.
Mi. MANGUM. I sh 01 vote against the first
portion of the amendment; and I do it upon the
ground that there is very great divp-suy of opin-
ion amongst learned gentlemen with icference to
the true construction of the contract upon which
the allowance was made. My colleague [Mr.
Badgfr] is known to this body to be perhaps as
learned a lawyer as any who occupies a seat in
this branch of the Legislature; and on a very full
and thorough examination of the question, he was
satisfied thai this charge is maintainable. There
are other opinions which controvert his. The
sum originally asked, I understand, was between
$35,000 and $37,000. It struck me as an ex-
tremely large sum. I was told that the work
could be done for from $700 to $1,500. This mat-
ter was submitted to arbitrament and compromise,
and §12,000 was fixed as a fair rate, and that was
paid by the Secretary of the Senate. That officer
was extremely upon his guard about the matter,
and consulted various gentlemen as to what might
be his duty. He paid the sum awarded as fixed.
Whether that be for or against the interests of the
Government, I hold that good faith binds us to it,
and we ought not to break it.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I shall vote for the
amendment of my friend from Maryland, not-
withstanding the reasoning of my friend from
North Carolina,and upon this ground: We are
dispensing grace and favor, and not right. When
we are doing that, we may do it upon such terms
as to exact justice. Now, we cannot get anything
back for the profitable contracts that the contract-
ors have made with the Government. They are
clear profit to them. But our proceedings now go
upon the ground that when we make an advan-
tageous contract, so that a contractor loses money,
we shall, by grace and favor, make up the loss to
him. Well, lfit appears in the settlement of that
account, that in a particular item that contractor
has got the advantage by some $10,000 by a
former contract by which he was entitled to it, or
by a former compromise by which it was errone-
ously awarded to him, may we not take that into
consideration in dispensing the favor which we
are about to grant? It is reasonable, it is just,
, it is proper that it should be done, because we are
dealing now with equity, not with justice. I there-
i fore say, that when it is conceded on all hands
I that Mr. Ritchie got $12,000 for a service that was
J only worth $2,000, by which he pocketed, at the
expense of the Government, $10,000 in this grant
of favor, those $10,000 ought to be accounted for.
Mr. HAMLIN. I shall vote against the first
branch of the amendment of the Senator from
j Maryland, and I will state my reason for doing
I so in a word. I do not care what may be the
I opinion of the best lawyer in this body, or out of
! it, as to what is the true construction of the con-
tract. 1 think that all the best printers you find
; will not disagree about it. They all say this print-
ing could not come under the construction claimed.
But it was referred to the Secretary of the Senate,
who was the proper accounting officer. A decision
was made, and Mr. Ritchie got his money. It is
therefore an adjudicated question, and whatever
may be the right or wrong construction of the
contract, I think he ought to retain the money, be-
cause he received it under the award of the proper
officer.
Air, BORLAND. I am very sorry that this
proposition shoald have been made, for it imposes
upon me, after the remarks of the Senator from
Noith Carolina, to say a few words. I owe it to
myself to say a word. I should not have made
the proposition; but since it is made, I am com-
pelled to vote for it. I must state in connection
with this, as briefly as I can, the facts of the case.
Upon a resolution of the Senate, in 1850, le-
ferred to the Committee on Piinting, I, as chair-
man of the committee, made a report to the Sen-
ate upon this subject. The facts, as I understood
them, and as the committee understood them, and
reported them, were these: For printing the
pamphlet referred to, the printer presented an
account of ^'17,200. These are the exact figures.
When it was suggested that this was an enormous
charge, he voluntarily proposed to reduce it down
to $12,500. That account was presented during
the recess of the Senate, and by the board whose i
duty it was during the recess to audit printers'ac- !
counts that nmount was paid. This was in the1
recess of 1849. The resolution of which 1 speak '
wos subsequently introduced by the Senator from
New Hampshire, and referred to the committee, ■
and reported upon. 1 took up the subject, and ex-
armned it very carefully; and from the best examin-
ation I could give, and the best judgment I could
form, I came to the conclusion that the price, un- ;
der the contract, for that document, should have,
been about ^650. Less than that by several hun-
dred dollars had been paid for it already as aregu
lar document. I think $156 had been paid to Tip- i
pin & Streeper, the previous printers, for printing (
1,250 copies of it as a regular document. Ten ]
thousand copies were ordered to be printed by the j
Senate, and under Mr. Ritchie's contract, I came |
to the conclusion that they would amount to
about $650. The whole amount that could have
been charged, even under the full rates of 1819,
was $2,000. I made that report. The calcula-
tions, and the computations of thecontract, and of
the law under which the contract was made, are
now among the documents of the Senate. I will
not refer more particularly to them. The view
presented in that report, was my opinion that
nearly $12,000 more than the prices which could
have been demanded under the contract were paid
for it. I would not have called it up to have de-
ducted it on this occasion; but when the proposi-
tion is made distinctly, and when I am called upon
to vote on it, I am compelled, out of consistency,
out of my own sense of duty, here, underthelaw,
to vote for making the deduction, and then leave
him, as the amendmentdoes, twenty-five percent,
above the full prices of 1819.
Mr. HUNTER. I wish to make an appeal to
the Senate. We have appropriation bills in-
volving an amount of more than twenty millions.
I believe that if we could get this bill reported to
the Senate to-night, in any reasonable time, per-
haps we should be able to master the residue of
our business between this and the time of adjourn-
ment. But I fear, that unless we do so, it will be
impossible for us to act upon these bills in any
manner creditable, or even decent. I hope the vote
will be taken on all the amendments. They have
been fully discussed; and the Senate will remember
that there is but a very short time between this
and the end of the session. I trust, therefore,
that they will refrain from offering amendments.
The bill is already loaded down with them; and,
I fear, if we continue this, we must either sit up
all night, or we shall run the risk of losing the
appropriation bills.
Mr. CHASE. I concur, heartily, with the
Senator from Virginia in desiring speedy action on
this bill; and that desire adds great force to the
regret which I feel that the amendment has been
introduced upon this occasion; but those who in-
troduced the amendment, originally, are responsi-
ble for the consumption of the time of the Senate
at this late hourof the session,and not those who
oppose it, because the amendment being intro-
duced, it becomes the duty of the Senate—a duty
which they owe to themselves and to their con-
stituents—to examine its merits and discuss it.
Sir, the history of this proposition is somewhat
extraordinary. When it wasoriginally introduced
it was objected to as a private claim; and if it be
not a private claim, excluded by the rufes, I am
at a loss to know what is a private claim.
, The PRESIDENT. The Senator is aware that
the proposition now pending is on the first branch
i of the amendment offered by the Senator from
Maryland to the amendment, which is to deduct
$10,000 from the printing of a certain work.
Mr. CHASE. I am aware of that; but I was
responding to the observation of the Senator from
! Virginia in regard to the consumption of time,
! and I was endeavoring to show that the re^ponsi-
: bihty for that consumption wasnot withtheoppo-
nents of the proposition of the Senator from llli-
, nois.
Mr. HUNTER. Will the Senator allow me
; to say that I was not charging any one with the
loss of time. The country will hold us all re-
sponsible, and we shall not be able to shift it from
one to the other if we should lose the appropria-
tion bills, or should present them in such a shape
, as not to bear examination.
Mr. CLEMENS. The Senator will allow me
, to suggest that the country will never hold the
Senator from Ohio responsible for anything.
Mr. CHASE. Mr. President, under the sug-
gestion made by the Senator from Virginia, and
the suggestion by the Chair, 1 will refrain from
saying what I was about to say in regard to the
character of this claim, and of the mode in which
it is now before the Senate. The Senate was
equally divided whether it was a private claim or
not. But without raising any question now on
that point, I wish simply to ask a question of the
j Senator from Arkansas, who was chairman of the
, Printing Committee, in reference to what fell from
: the Senator from North Carolina. Both the Sen-
ator from North Carolina and the Senator from
Maine concurred in stating that this was an ad-
judged matter in regard to the payment for print-
ing the decisions of the Supreme Court. I do
not know how it has been adjudged. If it was
