•2402
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 27,
sion of Congress: Jlnd provided, That, in case the super-
intendence of the building be confided to an officer detailed
from the Corps of Topographical Engineers, the acting
architect be dispensed with, and the said superintendent
allowed a compensation not exceeding eight dollars per
day.
An appropriation was made for this object at
the last session of Congress. While that appro-
priation was being made here, certain restrictions
were imposed upon the manner in which the
amount appropriated should be expended. The
present amendment has for its object to impose
upon this appropriation the same restrictions that
were imposed upon the appropriation made last
year. Besides, it is in contemplation of the De-
partment of the Treasury to give the superintend-
ence of the building to an officer detailed from the
Topographical Corps of Engineers, in which case
we may dispense with the services of the archi-
tect, and therefore I have provided in this amend-
ment that, in such case, the acting architect shall
be dispensed with, and a compensation shall be
allowed to the officer thus detailed from the Topo-
graphical Corps, not exceeding eight dollars per
day.
Mr. PRATT. Is there an estimate for this ?
Mr. SOULE. Yes, sir.
Mr. CLARKE. Who has received it?
Mr. SOULE. The appropriation does not come
from the Committee on Commerce. It comes
from the other House, and is already in the bill;
and the amendment which I propose is merely
explanatory.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SOULE. I propose to insert in the bill,
under the head of miscellaneous items, the follow-
ing:
As compensation to Jonathan Elliott, commercial agent !
of the United States at St. Domingo, for the amount by him '
expended in maintaining refugees in the late revolution at
that place, $600.
I want merely to state, that this appropriation
was included in the bill as it passed this body at
the last session of Congress; but through one of
those mistakes of which we have had, at times, to
complain, it disappeared from the bill while pass-
ing through the other House. The papers justify
this claim*. They justify the expenditure of this
money by this agent, in maintaining;, under criti-
cal circumstances, citizens of the United States,
who took refuge in his house; and they have been
fully justiiied by the vouchers that have been fur-
nished by that gentleman to the committee which
has had occasion to investigate his claim. I hope
that no objection will impede its being inserted in
the present bill.
The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator report
the amendment from any committee?
Mr. SOULE. I do not. But I had occasion to
converse with the chairman of the Committee on
Finance and the chairman of the Committee on
Foreign Relations on the subject. The chairman
of the latter committee said he could not act on
this claim on account of its not having been re-
ferred to his committee, but he mentioned to the
chairman of the Committee on Finance that the
claim had been acted upon on the report of the
committee at the last session, and that it was ex-
tracted, I may say, from the bill while passing
through the other House. He therefore consid-
ered that it might be made an exception in the I
present bill. !
The PRESIDENT. If it be the pleasure of the 1
Senate to dispense with the rule the amendment
will be received, otherwise it cannot be.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SOULE. I have one other amendment to
offer. It is to insert:
Sec. — And be it further enacted, That the collector of
customs at the port of New Orleans be, and In* hereby is,
authorized to appoint, with the approbation of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, three head gangers for the said port,
at an annual salary of $>l,oU0 each, instead of the force now
employed in the gaugcr's department at the poi t aforesaid.
In explanation of this, I have to state to the
Senate that, at this time, there is one head gauger
and a deputy gauger; but the deputy gauger,
having no authority to impart authenticity to his
acts, his services can acquire no legal force, ex-
cept under the authority of the head gauger. And
it so happens that, while in the port of New York,
for instance, the gaugers have more than absorbed
the whole amount of fees which are procured
there; yet, in New Orleans, where the labors are
very nearly as great as in New York, and the
income quite as much, the expenditure occasioned
by these officers has not exceeded $3,000. The
Committee on Commerce applied to the Depart-
ment, and the Department have recommended, in
a letter which I have in my hand, the appointment
of these three gaugers at the salary provided in
the amendment. 1 cannot conceive of any possi-
ble objection to it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MASON. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations to offer an amend-
ment, which is to insert:
For the payment of the balance due to the Common-
wealth of Massachusetts, under the fifth article of the
treaty of Washington, for the balance of expenses incurred
by said State in protecting the northeastern boundary, the
same having been heretofore settled at the Treasury of the
United States, but unpaid for want of appropriation,
$305 81.
That is one of a few amendments, two or three
in number, that I am instructed by the committee
to offer, carrying out the provisions of the treaty
between Great Britain and the United States, for
defending the northeastern boundary. Under that
treaty the Government of the United States were
bound to pay to the States of Maine and Massa-
chusetts all claims for expenses incurred by them
" in protecting the said heretofore disputed terri-
tory." It has been adjusted at the Treasury, but
has not been paid for want of an appropriation.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MASON. I am instructed by the same
committee to offer another amendment of the same
class:
For payment of balance found due by the Comptroller
of the Treasury, to the State of Maine, under the fifth arti-
cle of the treaty of Washington, for expenses on accountof
northeastern boundary, over and above the appropnations
made, .*>2,212 78. And the accounting officers ofthe Treas-
ury are hereby directed, in the settlement of the claims,
under the act of March 3d, 1851, authorizing payment of
interest on the advances made by the State of Maine for the
use of the United States Government, in the piotection of
the northeastern boundary, to embrace the interest, whether
paid or lost, prior or subsequent to 1839, 1840, and 1841,
named in said act, upon the sums expended by said State
and refunded by the United States, according to the terms
ofsaid act, as well as during said years; and that they fur-
ther allow to said State whatever sums of money were paid
by &aid State in the form of discount in negotiation; loans
lor the purposes ofsaid advancements.
If any explanation of the amendment is asked,
I am prepared to give it. It is under the terms of
the treaty.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, loffer afurther
amendment to the bill, not, however, by instruc-
tion of the committee, but of my own motion.
There is a provision in the bill " for running and
marking the boundary line between the United
States and Mexico under the treaty of Guadalupe
Hidalgo, $120,000." I propose to amend this
clause by adding to it:
Provided, That no part of this appropriation shall be used
or expended until it blnill be mad*3 satisfactorily to appear
to the President of the United States, that the southern
boundary of New Mexico is not established by the Commis-
sioner and Surveyor of the United States further north of
the town called Paso than the same is laid down on Distm-
nell's map vvlucli is attached to the Ueaty.
Mr. President, this is intended to affect the
appropriation for continuing the survey of the
Mexican boundary. The object is to prohibitthe
expenditure of any portion ofthe money until the
line which has been adopted by the American
Commissioner shall be re-formed, according to the
terms of the treaty. I will not consume the time
of the Senate, because I take it for granted that
they are informed of the actual condition of things
as to that boundary. It is in substance and briefly
this: By the terms of the treaty, each Govern-
ment—Mexico and the United States—was re-
quired to appointaCommissionerand a Surveyor
to represent their respective Governments in ascer-
taining the boundaries prescribed by the treaty.
To enable them to ascertain those boundaries,
Disturnell's map was made a part of the treaty,
and they were required to conform to the bound-
aries laid down upon that map. The treaty
describes the southern boundary of New Mexico
" which runs north of the town called Paso." By
examination of the map, and measurement with
the map scale, it will be found that the boundary
runs about eight miles north of the town; but the
Commissioner on the part of the United States has
assumed in place of that boundary the parallel of
latitude of 32° 22' north, and the effect of it has
been to transfer the actual boundary some thirty-
four miles north of the boundary prescribed by
the treaty. The Surveyor who was associated
with the Commissioner under the treaty, and who,
under the treaty as construed by the Committee
on Foreign Relations in their report made a few
days since, was associated in equal right, and
without whose assent, the Commissioner had no
power to determine this boundary, dissented.
He placed his veto, as he had authority to do un-
der the treaty, upon the act of the Commissioner.
The Secretary of the Interior, upon this fact being
reported to him, instructed the Surveyor to sign
the agreement, thus fixing the southern boundary.
Whether the Surveyor has obeyed this instruction
we are not informed. If the Surveyor does obey
that instruction, then a question will be presented
which I am prepared to meet: that the act of
both officers does not commit this Government;
because it is a departure from the treaty. But to
that question we have not yet come. As at pres-
ent informed, it is the act of the Commissioner
alone, who has committed this gross and extraor-
dinary departure from the terms of the treaty,
in consequence of which, should it become the
law, the United States will sustain a loss of more
than live thousand square miles of territory, and
will be thrown so far north upon that southern
boundary as to render it exceedingly doubtful
whether a southern right of way will ever be ob-
tained to our possessions on the Pacific.
The object of this amendment is to break down
that Commission where it stands unless this line is
re-formed; and for one I am fully prepared to take
such responsibility. Under the instructions which
have been given to the Surveyor by the Secretary
of the Interior, if they are obeyed the Government
will sustain a loss to the extent that I have men-
tioned, unless the present Commission is broken
down; and the object of the amendment is in the
alternative to attain that end.
Notwithstanding the very great disinclination
which I have to detain the Senate, there is another
matter to which I must allude. It is to do justice
to an enlightened, intelligent, and patriotic officer
of this Government belonging to the military ser-
vice. I referto Lieutenant Colonel James Duncan
Graham. Lieutenant Colonel Graham was sent
out by this Administration as the astronomer to
this expedition, and after he had been there a short
time he was recalled. The honorable Senator
from Rhode Island, [Mr Clakke,} who entered
lately into a defense of the present Commissioner,
Mr. Bartlett, in the course of his remarks said as
follows:
" Before I proceed further I will say, that in my opinion
the Commission was organized in one ofthe worst foims in
; which it could have possibly been sent from the United
States.55
He continued:
"Thus was the Commission formed, so far as regaids
those who had charge of it When Mr. Bartlett was ap-
pointed 1 was in the city, Congress being in session. Un-
der the direction, or by the advice of the then Secretary ot
the Interior, (Mr. Ewinjr.) Mr. Bartlett was induced to con-
sult Colonel Graham, of the Topographical Corps, as to the
number and the kind of employees who should go out with
him upon the Commission; and I have it in a letter from
Mr. Bartlett to me that the whole formation of the em-
ployees ofthe civil department was made by him, under the
advice and by the direction of Colonel Graham."
Now, sir, the honorable Senator has stated that
this Commission was organized "in one of the
worst forms in which it could have been sent,"
and that it was organized under the counsel and
advice of Lieutenant Colonel Graham, of the En-
gineer Department.
Mr. CLARKE. 1 have never said so.
Mr. MASON. I give it as reported in the news-
paper of the day. I am very happy to hear that
the honorable Senator recalls it.
Mr. CLARKE. I beg the Senator to under-
stand that I recall nothing.
Mr. MASON. 1 give the Senators remarks as
I find them reported in the newspaper of the day.
Mr. CLARKE. The Senator has read from
two detached extracts without reading the inter-
vening matter. I will be ready to explain it to him
in a moment.
Mr. MASON. It is unnecessary to make any
issue whatever with the honorable Senator from
Rhode Island. Whether he said it or not, as it is
reported, the allegation is made as appears upon
information which he derived from the Commis-
sioner. The statement,as derived from theauthor-
[ ity of the Commissioner, is, that he took from the
j country a Commission organized in the worst pos-
