1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
24Q3
sibleform, under the advice and control of this
military officer. Now, sir, Colonel Graham has
been known to me for more than twenty years,
personally and intimately, and I bear testimony
here in my place that there is not in the service of
the country, a man of more perfect integrity and
undoubted honor; and every word that he says is
true. Further, there does not belong to the Engi-
neer Corps a man of more promptness nor df more
extended and accurate scientific attainments.
Colonel Graham made these remarks of the
Senator from Rhode Island the subject of com-
munication to me, and I ask that it may be read,
in order that he may be put right before the coun-
try. His communication to me is as follows:
Washington, August 19,1852.
Dear Sir: My attention has been brought to one or two
remarks I find intht printed speech of the Hon. Mr. Clarke,
ofRhode Island, deliveredin the Senate on the 26th ultimo,*
which would seem to attribute to me the responsibility of
the organization ot the civil department of Mr. Commis-
sioner Bartlett's corps, which went out with him in August,
1850, for the survey of the boundaiy under the treaty of
Guadalupe Hidalgo. As such an inference would be very
unjust to me, I would be glad to be relieved from it by such
explanation as you may have it in your power to make for
me on the subject. In the speech alluded to the honorable
Senatoi says:
" Before I proceed further, I will say, that in my opinion
* the Commission was organized in one of the worst forms
i in which it could possibly have been sent from the United
< States."
And after describing the organization, he adds as follows:
"Thus was the Commission formed, so far as regaids
* those who had charge of it. When Mr. Barllett was ap-
< pointed [ was in the city, Congress being in session. Un-
fertile direction, or by the advice of the then Secretary of
< the Interior, (Mr. Ewing,) Mr. Bartlett was induced to
* consult Colonel Graham, of the Topographical Corps, as to
«the number and ktnd of employees who should go out with
(lum upon the Commission ; and I have it in a letter from
< Mr. Bartlett to me that the whole formation of the em-
< ployees of the civil department was made bv him, under
< the advice and by the direction of Colonel Graham. So
 that although this Commission was disjointed, the Com-
< missioner himself can hardly be deemed responsible for it.
< I think about one hundred employees went out; and I
'should venture to presume, from my knowledge of ihe
< case, that he had not any opportunity of personally know-
* ing many of them before they went."
It is true, that Mr. Commissioner Bartlett, when about to
appoint and organize his surveying corps, called upon me
unofficially, or informally, tor advice on the subject. I
very cheerfully rendered whatever my previous experience
in such duties could suggest, and placed it at his disposal to
be used as far as it might meet his own views.
For the organization thus suggested I am willing to be
held professionally responsible. And to a full understand-
ing of what u was, I take leave to offer you the accompany-
ing copies of Mr. Commissioner Bartlett's notes to me of
June ]9rh, June 20th, and July 8th, 1830, maiked numbers
1.2, and 4,and myansvverto the two first-mentioned, dated
June 20th, 1850, marked number 3. I complied promptly
with the request contained in his last note, (of July 8, 185U,)
by sending the forms required, but 1 have not a copy of my
reply to that note.
It will be s-een by the programme made out by me, and
presented to Mr, Bartlett, that every party for scientific or
surveying duty was to be headed by an officer of Topo-
graphical Encmeers, except one, which was to be headed
by the United'States Surveyor under the treaty. I was given
to undei stand at the time, that he particularly desired to
have the personal charge of the survey ot the river Gila
himself.
Had the organization been thus carried out, there could
have been no difficulty in regard to the scientific depart-
ments. Or if civil engineers of the proper scientific attain-
ments had been chosen, there would have been an equal
prospect of success. But such was not the case, and the
honorable Senator from Rhode Island has beenfled into
a great error by that part of Commissioner Bartlett's letter
to him, which says, uthat the whole formation of the em-
ployees of the civil department was made by him [Mr. Bart-
lett] under the advice and by the direction of Colonel Gra-
ham." The only persons appointed under my recommend-
ation were three computers for the astronomical department,
namely, Messrs. Heuning, O'Donnoghue, and Campbell-
persons whom I had instructed and tendered efficient on
the northeastern boundary, and in the Boundary Office at
Washington, and all of whom were equally so in Mr, Bart-
lett's corps. Two out of the three are still with it, and I
imagine I would not be wrong in saying the Commission
would he exceedingly loth to part with either of them. The
thud was equally efficient, and was held in equal esteem.
He left, for private reasons, m December last, but his con-
tinuance would have been highly acceptable to the Com-
mission. Two other persons obtained employment as labor-
ers under my recommendation, and I know they were
esteemed as among the very best by the Commissioner
himself- .
Further than these cases, I had nothing to do with the
selections for the scientific or surveying depaitinent. I was
not a&ked to advise, or to interfere, when the selections
came to be made of persons to fill up the programme which
I had submitted by request. I am in no way responsible
for that part of the organization, that is, for the personnel.
I did however, suggest to Mr. Bartlett that his selections
for the scientific department ot the work should be made
without regard to any other consideration than known abil-
ities and qualification?' resulting from education and prac-
tical expenence in the use of instruments. At that period
* See the Daily Globe of the 4th instant.
neither Mr. Bartlett nor I had the slightest idea that I would
ever be attached to the Commission myself.
I remain, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,
J. D. GRAHAM.
Hon. James M. Mason, United States Senate.
[No. l.j
Mr. Bartlett to Colonel Graham.
Mexican Boundary Commission, )
Washington, June 19, 1850. )
Dear Sir: May I ask the favor of you, at your early con-
venience, to give me a progiamme ol the force which will
be required to run and mark the boundaryItne between the
United States and Mexico, agreeable to the treaty of Gua-
dalupe Hidalgo.
By the sixth article of that treaty, an agreement was en-
teied into respecting the construction of a load, canal, ot
railway, which should run m whole oi in part upon the
River Gila, or upon its right, or its left bank, within the
space of cfne marine league from either margin of the river,
for the use and advantage of both countries.
In addition, therefore, to the force required to run and
mark the boundary, a force of engineers, surveyors, and re-
connottenng parties will be required for this duty. You
will also confer a favor by giving me a programme of the
party required for this service.
Furthermore, I shall be glad to know what pay was at-
tached to the several officers and employees connected with
you m the surveying and marking of the northeastern bound-
ary.
Your long experience in duties similar to those in which
the Mexican Boundary Commission will be employed, in-
duces me to ask Ihese favors of you.
With great respect, I am, respectfully,
JOHN 11. BARTLETT, Commissioner.
To Colonel Graham, U. S. Topographical Engineers.
[No.
Mr. Bartlett to Colonel Graham.
Department of the Intfrior, June 20,1850.
Dear Sir: I hope you will not think me importunate in
asking you for the promised programme for the Boundary
Survey, and the salaries attending. Mr. Ewing has ex-
pressed a desire to have it in the morning, in order to take
it with hnn to the Cabinet meeting. Yours, very tiuly,
JOHN R. BARTLETT, Commissioner.
To Colonel Graham.
[No. 3.]
Colonel Graham's reply to Mr. Bartlett, with programme.
Office of tiih Northeastern Boundary, )
Washington, June *20, 1850. \
Dear Sir: I have great pleasure in complying with the
request contained in your letter of yesterday, and'm accord-
ance therewith I would recommend the following pro-
gramme of the force of the respective parties which, I un-
derstand, itis intended to put in active operation for running
and marking the boundary between the United Stateo and
Mexico, under the treaty ofGuadalupe Hidalgo, and for the
surveys that will be requisite to aNcertaiii the proper mute
for a road, canal, or railway, in the vicinity of the River
Gila, under the sixth article ot that treaty:
1st.—Astronomical party at El Paso.
Lieutenant A. W. Whipple, principal; to be aided by
Lieutenant J. A. Haines, first assistant Mr. G. G. Gardner,
second assistant; one magnetic and meteorological recorder;
four recorders and attendants on instruments ; four laborers j
one cook; one sei vant.
%d.—Astronomical party at the head of the River Gila.
Brevet Captain Hardcastle, principal; Edwaid Ingraham,
fir t assistant; one second assistant; one magnetic and me-
teorological observer; four recorders and attendants on in-
struments; four laborers; one cook; one servant.
3d. Reconnoitering awl surveying party for the survey to de-
termine the loateofa road} canal, or railroad on the right
sllc of ihe River Gila.
One topographical engineer officer, principal; one first
assistant; one second assistant; two instalment carriers,
one for the level, and one tor compass, or theodolite ; two
station markers; two level-staff beareis; two chain bearers;
four axmen; one servant; one cook.
4th.—Reconnoitering and surveying party for the survey for
same object, on the left i>ule of the Rivei Gila.
One topographical engineer officer, principal; one first
assistant; one second assistant; two instrument carriers, as
above explatned ; two station markers; two level-staff bear-
ers; two chain bearers; fuui axmen; one servant; one
cook.
5th.—Reconnoitering and surveying parti/ on the River Gila.
A. B. Gray, Esq., surveyor of the Commission, principal;
one first assistant; one second assistant; one draughtsman ;
one instrument carrier; two station markers; two chain
bearers; three axmen ; one cook ; one servant.
Qth. For the head of the scientific corps and principal astron-
omer.
One draughtsman and interpreter; one clerk; one record-
er ; wo laborers; one cook ; one servant.
7tk.—For the Commissioner.
One secretary; one clerk; one quartermaster and dis-
bursing agent; one commissary of provisions ; two laborers;
one cook; two servants.
It appears to me very important that the survey to be made
under the sixth aiticle of the treaty, for the route of a road
ot canal along the river Gila, or within the limns of one ma-
rine league ot its boiders, should be executed with all the ac-
curacy requisite for determining the best route for so impoit-
ant a work, with an estimate of if« probable cost. It can he
accomplished at much less expense, if carried on in con-
junction with tin1 boundaiy survey, than could be done
under any other circumstances. Upon these surveys it will
be necessaiy to use the leveling instrument in addition to
the theodolite oi compass, and the strength of the parties
has been correspondingly increased tn the programme.
I would suggest to you that the leveling parties on either
side of ihe Gild should commence at a common point on
thai river, and occasionally run offsets ro common points
upon its surface, m order to compare and check any eiror
that might arise in the levelings.
In anstwtr to your inquiry in relation to the rates of pay
that were fixed on the survey and demarkation of the north-
eastern boundary, I have to state that they were generally
as follows, viz:
To a first assistant, $1,500 per annum; in one instance a
first assistant got $1,800 per annum. To a second assistant,
$730 to $900 per annum, according to importance of ser-
vice; instrument cairiers, and staft'men for leveling parties,
$1 per day; axmen, station-markers, chain bearers, &c.,
$20 ro $21 per month.
In addition to the above rates of compensation, the board
and necessary expense of transportation were also allowed
at actual cost>
The above programme gives the strength of the parties
necessary for the surveys.
When the line through the forest, along the southern and
western boundaries of "New Mexico has been surveyed and
agreed upon, it will then be necessary to open it to a width
of at least twenty feet before erecting the monuments,
which, I presume, will be of cast iron, as was ihe case on
the northeastern boundary, where, through all forests, we
opened a line thirty leetwide.
This pait of t lie work, and the erecting of the monuments
throughout the line, will require much labor in addition to
the scientific woik, and must be estimated for separately,
and will require additional a&cistants in the subordinate de-
partments.
Should any other points arise upon which you may think
any l urther suggestions from me desirable, I need scarcely
say I shall be happy, at any time, to render them freelyand
fully, to be used by you as far as they may meet your own
views.
I am now collecting together for you, in a systematic
shape, the various forms for registeung and computing the
requisite astronoinic.il and barometric observations, adopted
by me for the northeastern boundary service. You may,
perhaps, find them of use m the arrangement of the system
to be pursued on the present occasion. These will be sent
to you in a day or two.
1 am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
J. D. GRAHAM.
J. R. Bartx-ett, Esy., U. S. Commissioner, <$'c.
Recapitulation of the Foregoing Programme.
Persons.
1. For astronomical party at El Paso  14
2. For astronomical pauy on the Gila  14
3. For party to reconnoiter and survey the route of a
road or canal, lo operate on the right side of the
river Gila  17
4. For a like paity tor the same purpose on the left side
of the river Gila  17
5. For a party to reconno'ter and survey the uver Gila.. 14
6. For the head of scientific corps   8
7. For the Commissioner  10
Total for seven panics, including the Commissioner, the —
head of the Scientific Coips, the Surveyor under the
treaty, and fiv<. commissioned officers of th* Army as
heads of parties, and the Quartermaster and Commis-
sary 94
[No. 4.]
Mr. Baitlctt to Colonel Graham.
Providence, (R. J.,) July 8,1850.
My dear Siu: On looking over Lieutenant Whipple's
memorandum of stationery and blanks wanted, 1 find no
mention of the blank books foi astronomic.il records and
observations, such as you showed me at vour olhee. May
T therefore ask the favor of you to give Colonel McClcllan
the blank forms of such as we want. Perhaps you may he
able to give me a sheet of each, and state tiie number of
quires wauled.
Should the Colonel not call, you will greatly oblige me by
forwardinji the blanks direct to me at New Yotk. Mi. God-
dard, chief eleik in the Department of the, Interior, will
fiank them. Your?- very truly,
JOHN R. BARTLETT.
To Colonel Graham.
Mr. CLARKE. Mr. President, the honorable
Senator from Virginia has read two extracts—
detached extracts—taken from remarks which I
made some four weeks since. The honorable Sen-
ator in all courtesy—that courtesy for which he is
so distinguished—spoke to me of the matter be-
fore. I looked at the source from whence I de-
rived the information, and I showed it to the hon-
orable Senator. He and I did not agree precisely
as to whether the remarks which I made were
justly founded upon the information which I had.
I told the Senator, as I tell any gentleman when
he disagrees with me, " Take your own course; I
will take mine."
The honorable Senator has chosen to introduce
this question as it regards Colonel Graham.
Colonel Graham has had something to do with
this Commission. I only referred, in the remarks
which I made, to him as having been the counsel-
lor and adviser of Mr. Bartlett, as to the manner
in which the Commission should be formed.
Nothing: more. I endeavored to follow the rule,
"Nothing extenuate, nor set down aught in mal-
ice." When this Commission was formed, the
Department of War, at the request of the De-
partment of the Interior, delegated Colonel Mc-
Clellcm as chief astronomer. I said, in the remarks
which I made, that Mr. Bartlett, when he was
