1540
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 8,
under the rules, to call up the consideration of the
motion to reconsider.
Mr. CLARK. Will it not be in order to move
that the House resolve itself into the Committee
of the Whole upon the slate of the Union ?
The SPEAKER. It will not, while the gen-
tleman from Indiana has the floor.
Mr. GORMAN. The bill was reported from
the Committee on Public Lands some four weeks
ago, and upon some gentleman's motion.
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman state
the character of the bill to which he alludes?
Mr. GORMAN. Upon some gentleman's mo-
tion, it was referred to theCommiuee of the Whole
on the state of the Union without the character
of the bill being known, and without the delega-
tion from Indiana being advised of the motion
pending at the time. The bill provided for re-
funding to the State of Indiana, for the use of the
State University, a deficiency of land found to be
due the State under the original grant in lbjG.
There was granted to the Western States two
entire townships of land for the benefit of the State
Seminary of learning. When the State of Indi-
ana received hers, it fell short of the amount de-
signed in the law by about four thousand six hun-
dred and twenty-six acres. The State of Indiana
has never received that deficiency; and this bill,
reported unanimously by the Committee on Public
Lands, is intended to supply that deficiency. I
desire the House to reconsider the vote by which
the bill was referred to the Committee of the
Whole upon the state of the Union, because it is
the only bill in which the State is directly inter-
ested, and one against which there is no possible
objection, and about which there can be no possi-
ble debate.
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from In-
diana give the House the title of the bill ?
_ Mr. GORMAN. It is House bill No. 239, en-
titled "An act to supply a deficiency to the State
of Indiana in a township of land granted to said
State for the use of a State University, by an act
of Congress, approved 19th of Apiil, 1816." The
bill was committed to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, and the gentleman
from North Carolina [Mr. Stanly] moved that
the vote by which the bill was so committed
be reconsidered, pending which moiion the House
adjourned. I ask the House to reconsider the
vote referring the bill, for every gentleman here
must know that if it goes there, at, this advanced
stage of the session, it cannot possibly be i eached.
As the bill meets with no objection from any quar-
ter, and as it is a matter of right that the deficiency
thus found to be due to the State by the original
grant made in 1816, should be supplied, I hope it
will be done. If the bill is not now taken up it
will not, probably, pass during this sessionof Con-
gress. t have been trying ever since 1 have been
in Congress to get thic bill through. It was*
stopped and delayed by other business during the
last Congress. It was delayed during the first
session of the last Congress, by a protracted dis-
cussion upon other important matters. It lias
been delayed this session by reference to the Com-
mitteeof the Whole on the stateof the Union,and
it comes up now upon this motion to reconsider.
If there were any objection to it, 1 would not now
urge it. I will briefly say, that the State of Indi-
ana proceeded to sell the land for the benefit of the
University, as provided for in the law, when she
found that the General Government had sold out
of one of the townships four thousand six hundred
and twenty-six acres, the proceeds of which has
gone into the National Treasury. The State of
Indiana only asks you to make "up the deficiency
of four thousand six hundred and twenty-six
acres you sold and put into your own coffers.
When she came to receive that donation, she ex-
pected to receive two entire townships. That you
should supply this deficiency, is the only thing the
State auks directly, and the only thing that we
have asked directly, or that 1 expect to ask, for the
immediate benefit of my constituents. I there-
fore ask the unanimous consent of the House,
that the vote by which the bill was committed
maybe reconsidered, and that the bill maybe
passed.
The question was then put upon the motion to
reconsiaer, and it was agreed to.
The question then recurred upon the motion to
commit the bill to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
Mr. GORMAN. Upon that motion I move
the previous question.
[Cries of "No!" "No!" "No!"]
Mr. GORMAN. If that motion is not neces-
sary, I withdraw it.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. I withdraw the
motion to commit the bill.
Mr. GORMAN. Then I ask that the bill be
put upon its passage.
Mr. DUNCAN. I ask that the bill maybe
read.
The bill was accordingly read by the Clerk.
The question then being upon ordering the bill
to be engrossed for a third reading, it was put and
agreed to.
The bill having been engrossed, it was then read
the third time and passed.
Mr. CLARK. I move that the rules he sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. COBB. I would inquire of the Chair what
becomes of my motion to proceed to the consid-
eration of the business on the Speaker's table?
The SPEAKER. The motion to go into com-
mittee is a privileged one, as well as that to go to
the business on the Speaker's table. If it fails,
the question then will be upon the gentleman's
motion.
Mr. STUART. I rise to a question of order.
The Chair decided but the other day that the ques-
tion to go to the business on the Speakei s table
must be first put and decided.
The SPEAKER. The Chair still adheres to
that decision.
Mr. HOUSTON. That is the first business in
order, m pa-snig from the morning hour. The
motion of the gentleman from Iowa isaprivil^ged
motion, arid wasfiist made. The House has al-
ready passed fiom the morning hour.
The SPEAKER. The motions are equally
privileged, in the opinion of the Chair. Accord'-
mg to our rules, the motion first in order is the
motion made by the gentleman from Alabama,
[Mr. Cobb.]
Mr. POLK. I move to lay that motion upon
the table.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 do not desire to interfere
improperly with anybody's business; but my
understanding of the rule has been that it is the
proper and only motion when you are passing
from the morning hour. If the point is not made,
and you pass from the morning hour, it is not
then a privileged motion. Its privilege comes
immediately after the morning hour. When you
pass from the morning hour, without that motion
being made,to go toother business, the motion of
the gentleman from Iowa is a privileged one, and
is to be first put.
The SPEAKER. At the expiration of the
morning hour, a«* the gentleman from Alabama
has stated, the motion is in order to go to the
business upon the Speaker's table. That is the
motion pending.
Mr. POLK. 1 withdraw my motion to lay
upon the table.
The question was then put upon the motion to
go to the business on the Speaker's table, and it
was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. I now renew my motion that
the rules be suspended, and that the House re-
solve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, if it is in order.
The SPEAKER. It is in order.
Mr. MARSHALL, of California. Will the
gentleman withdraw that motion for a single mo-
ment, for it is important at this particular juncture
that the California branch Mint bill should be re-
ported.
Mr. CLARK. 1 do notwithd raw my motion.
The question was then taken to go into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and it was disagreed to.
BRANCH MINTS AGAIN.
Mr. MARSHALL, of California. I ask the
unanimous consent of the House for the Commit-
tee on Ways and Means to report the bill for the
establishment of a branch Mint in the State of Cal-
ifornia; and if it were possible, sir, to make a single
remark in connection with the motion, I would
simply say, we have just about time enough to
pass this bill—a hill which will pass without any
i! discussion, upon which everybody's mind has
been long ago made up. And I hope the House
will appropriate to one single point of real busi-
ness and leal importance one of the thousand half
hours which have been and which probably will
be continued to be sacrificed.
Mr. BR1GGS. While I am not opposed to the
proposition of the gentleman to establish a branch
Mint in California, 1 would still feel myself rather
recreant to the interests of my constituency were
I to permit that measure to lake precedence of a
bill, now m the hands of the Committee on Ways
and Means, for the establishment of a branch Mint
in the city of New York, it does not, 1 think,
require any new professions on my part to the
members of this, who were members of the last
Congiess,of my faithful and earnest support of
the proposition for the establishment of a branch
Mint in California.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I rise to a question of
order, tf the gentleman objects, that is sufficient;
if he does not, debate is not in order
Mr. BRIGGS. I was merely going to make a
suggestion to the House.
The SPEAKER. Discussion ia not in order.
Is objection made to the proposition of the gentle-
man fiom California?
Mr. MARTIN. I object.
?vlr. POLK. 1 ask the unanimous consent of
the House, that the Committee on Ways and
Means be permuted to report both the New York
and California bills for the establishment of branch
Mints.
Mr. CHANDLER. I object to that.
Mr. POLK. 1 will only say to the gentleman
from New York that we will never pass his bill in
the world.
Mi. HOUSTON. I now move that the rule®
be suspended, and that the House resolve itself
inio the Committee of the Whole on ihe state of
theCmen. The gein'enun from Iowa [Mr. Clark]
is entitled to the floor, has a part of his speech
made, find he is anxious to get the last half out
after the first.
The SPEAKER. No business has intervened
between the voting down of the same motion a
few moments ago and its renewal now.
Mr. HOUSTON. There were two propositions
No regular business has in-
mn'ie.
The SPEAKER.
tervened.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman from Iowa
is exceedingly jmxious to conclude the speech he
has commenced.
(Crief.of " Otdes 1" " Order!"]
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication fiom the Treasury Department,inclos-
ing a ItHtei from the Director of the Mint at Phila-
delphia, suggesting that so much of the act of 18th
January, 1837, which obliges the Mint to purchase
copper phmchets prepared for the copper coinage,
besofor modified as to authorize the preparation in
the Mint of said planchets from copper bullion;
which w.isrefprred to the Committee on Wavaand
Means, and ordered to be printed.
XINDIAN APPROPRIATION BTLL.
Mr. CLARK moved that the rules besuspended,
and that t;ie House resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the suue of the Union;
winch motion was agreed to—ayes 96, noes not
: counted.
I The House accordingly resolved itself into the
| Committee of the W hole on the stateof the Union,
; (Mr. Rjciiaiidsov in the choir.)
| The CHAIRMAN. The first business in order
, is the bill making appropriations for the support
i of the Indian Department, and the gentleman from
; Iowa [Mr. Clark] is entitled to the floor.
! Mr. CLARK concluded the remarks commenced
when the House was last in committee, in favor
i of the Iowa railroad bill. [Mr. C/s speech is
' published in the Appendix.]
j Mr. MOREHEAD next obtained the floor, but
i yielded it to
i Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, who moved that
! the committee rise.
i The motion was agreed to.
I Thecommittee accordingly rose, and the Speaker
s having resumed the chair, the chairman [Mr.
, Richardson] reported that the Committee of the
, Whole on the state of the Union had had under
consideration the stateof the Union generally, and
1 particularity House bill No. 43, and had come to
i no resolution thereon.
