6*28
such lands, and upon no others. .Let the people
of Oregon be content with the libei ality of the pro
vision! of the landjaw of the last Congress Con-
gress dealt with them with a very bountiful hand.
" Mr LANE. If the House will allow me to ex-
plain,'as I did not make a five minutes speech 
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted.
Mr. LANE. I did not consume the time al-
lowed me.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ore-
gon stated his proposition, and occupied about four
minutes of his time before it was stated by the
Chair. '
Mr. LANE. I am well satisfied that the gen-
tleman from New York does not understand my
amendment, or a single word of its provisions, and
it is consequently necessary for me to explain.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman can call
for the reading of l\js amendment, which will ex-
plain itself. But it will not be in order to debate
„ The amendment was then read, as inserted
above.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment offered by Mr. Lane, and it was not agreed
to.
Mr. CARTTER. I propose to offer the same
amendment, with an addition extending it also
" to those who may hereafter become residents of
the Territory of Oregon." That will materially
alter the amendment, and make a new one of it.
I do not see the force of the remarks of the gentle-
man from New York. What difference does it
make whether we expose the Territory of Oregon
and the unsurveyed'lands of the United States to
these land warrants, or give the surveyed lands to
them. 1 should like to know where the gentle-
man finds his distinction? You have the same
power and privilege to multiply land warrants,
and to extend contiguous territory in the location
of them upon surveyed land, as upon unsurveyed
lands. There is a distinction, and that distinction
is directly against the current of the gentleman's
argument. It is this: that you do disperse
the warrants by dispersing the land upon which
they are to be located, and in the precise ratio as
you extend the area of location you disperse the
location of these land warrants; and this fume
about New Yorkanti-rentismendsin smoke. But
I am willing to extend the territory of this grant
for this obvious reason: You are awarding land
warrants here. These land warrants are an cn-
• couragement and inducement to settlement. They
constitute the title of the emigrants to the "West.
I would like to know, in the name of conscience,
why the Territory of Oregon should be excluded
from this inducement to emigration. Why say
you shall not locate lands in the Territory of Ore-
gon, because those lands are unsurveyed? You
say to the citi/.en holding a warrant, You shall
not emigrate to Oregon. But there is a strong, sub-
stantial, and equitable reason to send these war-
rants over the face of the Republic wherever then-
holder sees fit to carry them. This doctrine of
amassing them, and uf Wall Street speculator
whom my honorable friend from New York [Mr.
Brooks] holds in such horrid dread here, anti-
rentism, &c., are entirely inapplicable to the prop-
osition that has been made. It is a singular in-
spiration and a new one. I was in the hope that
the amendment offered previously by the hon-
orable Delegate from Oregon [Mr. Lake] would
prevail, but it was voted down. What aie
you about to say here if you pass this bill?
That land warrants shall not be located in Oregon,
because the messerigeis of survey have never
reached there. You have already said that a set
of men, worthier than whom never shouldered a
musket—men who performed for their households
higher service than most of the men in your mili-
tary campaigns, should not inherit the benevolence
of the Government, when that benevolence is di-
rected to this very class of persons; and now the
magnanimous gentleman from New York adds to
that the insult that your warrants shall not be lo-
cated there either. Neither the men who fought
the battles of Oregon against the Indians shall'be
rewarded for it, nor the men who fought your
battles shall go there to locate their lands, because
they are not surveyed. I insist that both of the
propositions made by the Delegate from Oregon 
if any propositions can be made in connection with
this process of disposing of the public domain
which are worthy of the attention of the House 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 24,
are two of the most equitable propositions to
which I have ever listened.v
Mr. BROOKS. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Ohio. He rises upon
the floor as the champion of Oregon, and insists
that the House has (lone injustice to that Territory.
Now this is not so, but entirely the reverse is the
fact. This House, in the organization of the
Territory of Oregon, or in its generosity m the dis-
tribution of the public lands to her at the last session
of Congress, established, with regard to Oregon: an
entirely novel principle—that of giving lands to
actual settlers. Not of giving them in small quan-
tities, not of giving them to men alone, but giving
three hundred and twenty acres to each actual set-
tler, and abounty upon married men, by giving six
hundred and forty acres to men who are married.
Why then the necessity for outcry upon the part of
thegentleman from Ohio in behalf of Oregon? Nay,
the House has gone further, and in its generosity
in the matter of the Cayuse Indians, at the last
session of Congress, voted §100,000 to Oregon for
the payment of her soldiers or citizens who were
engaged in the Cayuse war. I his has been the
generosity of this Congress to that Territory, and
yet the gentleman from Ohio rises in his place—
I will not say makes a great noise—and opposes
other gentlemen who think that the House has
been sufficiently liberal to Oregon. 1 am reminded
bv a. gentleman behiud me, that we have also
given Oregon double sections of school lands. No
Congress in the history of the Government has
ever been half so liberal to any Territory or State
 although eighty odd millions of acres of public
land have been distributed to new States—as we
have been to the Territory of Oregon.
Now, one word further to the gentleman from
Ohio, in the matter of the difference between sur-
veyed arid unsuryeyed lands. Of the surveyed
lands we know something—what they are and
what we give away—what we donate, to use the
western phrase. Of unsurveyed lands we know
nothing. We grope in the dark, knowing nothing
whatsoever of what we give. Open all the unsur-
veyed public lands to assignable land warrants,
and you gi\ e to the keen-eyed speculator and large
land-holder, who follows upon the track of the
Indian, the power to locate these warrants upon
large masses of land twenty miles square—upon
the best water privileges, mill privileges, on favored
soils, the river bottoms, the prairies, the mines—
on the very best of the unsurveyed lands? We
now know nothing of the wild and unsettled and
almost undiscovered regions of Oregon, Utah,New
Mexico, and California. That is the difference be-
tween the propositions to locate these warrants
upon surveyed and unsurveyed lands. The sur-
veyed lands are upon this side of the mountains—
within our reach—under our eye. We know
something of them from the Land Office here. But
pass this bill for locating land warrants upon the
unsurveyed lands, and the speculators who hold
these warrants, with all the swiftness of the deer
and the directness of the bee, will obtain for them-
selves the mines, water piivileges, and rich river
bottoms of all this unknown territory. To guard j
the House against this imminent peril to the new |
States and Territories, I take this,the first oppor-
tunity, to warn members against the insertion of
such "an item in this bounty land bill, or the adop-
tion of a similarly dangerous one now in the civil
and diplomatic appropriation bill, and which will
be pressed there with greater force when it will not
be in our power successfully to meet it. A vast
scheme of land plunder—a monstrous, gigantic
scheme of speculation, yea, peculation, lies buried
in the civil and diplomatic appropriation bill; and
I call the attention of the House and of the coun-
try now to the embryo scheme, and I invoke hon-
orable memhprs to rebuke it now in its first start,
in the amendment of the Delegate from Oregon.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have no disposition to pro-
pose an amendment. I am not able to speak so
as to be heard all over_the House. I wish to say
to my friend from New York that there is no
such provision in the civil and diplomatic appro-
priation bill as the one to which he alludes. He
is wholly mistaken.
Mr. BROOKS. What—does the gentleman
deny there is in the civil and diplomatic appropri-
ation bill an item repealing the provision of the
last session, providing that these warrants shall
not be located on now unsurveyed lands?
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not deny that, but then
we differ about the construction. The construc-
tion is simple artd plain. At the last session of
Mr. CARTTER. Is discussion in order?
Mr. HOUSTON. I only desire to put the facts
before the House.
The CHAIRMAN. Discussion is not in.order.
Mr. ORR moved that the committee rise.
The question was taken, and, upon a division,
there were—ayes 69, noes 24—no quorum.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. CabEll, of
Florida, and Cartter were appointed.
The question was again taken, and the motion
was agreed to—the tellers having reported—ayes
84—noes not counted.
The SPEAKER having resumed the chair, the
Chairman reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Unioi? had had under
consideration the Union generally, and particu-
larly ihe special order of the House, being Joint
Resolution No. 1, explanatory of an act approved
September 28th, 1850, entitled 64 an act granting
bounty land to certain officers and soldiers en-
gaged in the military service of the United States,"
and had come to no resolution thereon.
On motion, the House then adjourned.
PETITIONS. &e.
The following petitions, memorials, &c., were presented
under the ryle, and referred to the appropriate committees :
By Mr. BUSBY : The petition of Fiancis P. Griffith
and 57 others, of the county of Morrow, Ohio, asking Con-
giess to donate to each actual settler who may be a citizen
of the United States, 160 acres of land.
Also, the memorial of JohnfiYildboker, JosiahF. Pierce,
and William M. Baker, assistant marshals of the county of
Marion, Ohio, asking more compensation for taking the
Seventh Census.
Also, the memorial of James B. Shaw and Thomas S.
Bunker, of the county of Morrow,, Ohio, upon the same
subject.
By Mr. ifUNTER: The petition of Samuel Blowers,
James W. Shankland, and Abner Johnston, asking for in-
creased compensation for taking the census in the county
of Monroe, Ohio.
By Mr. J1ENN: The petition of John Cox and 50 others,
citizens of Iowa, asking that the office of Chaplain may be
abolished
Also, the petition of Evan Jay and 55 others, asking for
a grant of land to aid m the constiuction ot a railroad ~lrom
Burlington to the Missouri river.
Aho, the petition of James M. Walters and 80 others,
citizens of Mai ion county, Jowa, asking for a mail loute
tloni Newton, via Pella, Amsterdam, Knoxville, and Chari-
ton, to Nine Eagles or New Buda.
By Mi. CONGER: The petition of Franklin La Rue and
J 06 others, praying for an appropriation of public lands to
the Stale of Michigan, to aid in concluding the Oakland
and Ottawa Raih oad in said State.
Also, the petition of Morns S. Alien and 80 others, for
the same object.
By Mr. FLORENCE : The memorial of George W. Mc-
Mahon, George W. Haivey, J. 3. McMulhn, D. B. Beitler,
and others, citizens of the city and county of Philadelphia,
remonstiatmg against the extension of the Woodwoith pat-
ent foi planing boards, &c.
Also, the memorial of James M. Snowden, Robert Clark,
John W. Ityan, Henry Dubosq and other citizens of South-
waik, in the c< mit> of Philadelphia, petitioning Congress to
pa->s a law extending the Woodwoith patent for planing
boards, &c. *
Also, the memorial of J. J. N. Douglass, Charles N. Rob-
bins, John C. Seifndge, William B. Ran ken, and others,
citizens of^the city and county of Philadelphia, temonstra-
tmg against the extension of the Woodvvorth patent for
planing boaids, &,e.
By Mr. PARKER, of Pennsylvania: The memorial of
S. P. McFadden and 29 others, citizens of Blair county,
Pennsylvania, praying for the establishment of anAgncul-
tural Bureau by Congress.
i Also, the memorial of Samuel Wampole and 21 others,
citizens of Blair county, Pennsylvania, of like tenor and
import. *
By Mr. BOWNE : The petition of W. F. C'ah, of New
York, for indemnity for loss of vessel.
By Mr. BIBIGIiAUS- The petition of William Price
and many other.-, citizens of Schuylkill county, Pennsyl-
vania, pjaymgfora modification of the tariff of 1846 cm
iron, &c.
By Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York : The remonstrance of
sundry inhabitants of the count} of Rensselear, New York,
against the Woodworih planing machine patent.
Also, the petition of Hannah Pratt, late Hannah Holmes,
the widow of William Holmes, a soldier in the war of 1812,
praying a pension.
By Mr. ST. MARTIN: A memorial of the board of un-
derwriters ot the city of New Orleans, to prevent needless
detentions and expenses upon .arrests in admiralty.
Also, the memorial of George Hathaway, of New Or-
leans, Louisiana, m relation to Mexican indemnities.
By Mr. BOCOCK : The petition ot the heirs of Willis
Wilson, deceased, praying commutation, with interest.
By Mr. ASHE: The petition of Haynes Lennon, deputy
maishal, praying additional compensation for taking the
Seventh Census.
By Mr FITCH : The petition of John N. Inarim, assist-
ant marshal ot Fulton county, Indiana, for additional com-
pensation for services m taking the census.
By Mr. BOYD, of New York : The remonstrance of 238
citizens of Clinton and E^sev counties, New York, against
thefiuther extension of the Woodwoith patent.
