1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
629
By Mr. INGERSOLL.: The remonstrance of Charles G.
Southworth and otheis, and of Clarke Cantieldand otheis,
citizens of Middlesex county, Connecticut, agaiust the ex-
tension of the Woodworth patent.
Also, the petition ol George Van Wagner, of Connecticut,
piaymg fot a pension, 011 account of the revolutionary ser-
vices of his father.
By Mr. MeLANAHAN: A memorial from citizens of
Pennsylvania, praying Congress to enact such Jaws as will
more effectually pieserve the sanctity of the Sabbath day.
Als.0, a memorial from citizens of Pennsylvania, remon-
strating against the renewal of the patent granted to Austin
and Zebuloti Parker for an alleged improvement m sub-
merged reaction water-wheels.
Also, a memorial from citizens of Pennsylvania, pravinc
for a modification of the tarifflaw.
By Mi. MOORE, of Louisiana: The petition of W. H.
Bomieau and 14 others, settlers on the public lands hereto-
fore known as " Las Omegas" claim, praying for tire right
of preemption.
Also, the petition of A. M. Campbell, and 6 other set-
tlers 011 the public lands heretofore known a  the " Wallace"
claim, piaying for the right of preemption.
Also, the petition of Valery Gamnie, piaying that an error
in the descnption of land continued to Charles Paine by
the act of July 6, 1842, be rectified.
Also, the memorial of Thomas J. Durant, of New Or-
leans, with a brief of references m relation to Ins claim as
late district attorney ot the United States fur the Slate of
Louisiana.
Also, the petition of Moses H. Butler and J. ff. Rinehart,
praying to be confirmed in their title to a tract of land in
T. 15 It. 4 E., in Louisiana, district norm of lied nvei.
By Mr. McDONALD: Tiie petition of Captain F. For-
rest.
By Mr. MACE: The memorial of James O. Bnen and
JohnL. Millei, assistant inai#.haN of Tippecanoe county,
Indiana, asking additional pay for taking the census of said
county.
By Mr. FOWLER : The petition of C. W. Prouty and 9
other Senators ot the Ma^acnusctt* Legislature.
Also, ol Cliailes Vmsel and 10 otheis, citizens of Scit-
uate, Massachusetts, praying lor an appropriation tor the
improvement of the hat bor tir Herniate, Massachusetts.
On motion by Mi. DOT*,
Ordered, That ceitain papers in relation to the claim of
James Crooks be withdrawn from the files and referred to
the Committee of Claims.
By Mr. CHANDLER: Three memorials f-igned by more
than 200 citizens of Philadelphia, remonstrating against the
renewal of the patentfor Woodwork's planing machine.
Also, four memorials numeiously signed by citizen* of
Philadelphia, asking for a tcnewal of the patent for Wood-
woith's planing machine.
By Mr. APPLETON, of Maine: The petition of J. L.
Faimcrnndothei&,merchantsand ship masters ot Portland, I
Maine, for a light-ship and log-bell at Cape Roman Shoals,
011 the coast ot South Carolina.
Also, the petition of Josiaii R. Brady and others, of Port-
land, Maine, and vicinity, for a modification of the tariff
with lespect to the importation oflovv-pnced cigars.
By Mi. ROBBINS- Resolutions passed by the Legis-
lature of Pennsylvania in relation to the Wheeling budge.
Also, resolutions ot the State ot Pennsylvania, lequestfng
their Senators and Representatives 111 Congress to aid in the
passage of alawappropuating money to complete the break-
water at the mouth of the Delaware bay; to con.stiuct an
ice harbor at a point near Reedy Island, and to icpair the
piers at Chester, Maicus Hook, Newcastle, and Port Penn,
011 the Delaware rivei.
Also, a petition for the extension of Woodwork's patent
for a planing machine signed by Jacob Wersman and 44
other citizens of Philadelphia county, Pennsylvania.
Also, a petition on the same subject, signed by A. Men-
derson & Co. and 56 other citizens of the county of Phila-
delphia.
Also, another on the same subject, signed by Ftedeiick
May and 70 other citizens ol the county of Philadelphia.
Also, another on the same subject, signed by C. M. Brun-
ner and 64 other citizens of the county of Philadelphia.
By Mr. DOTY • The petition of citizens of Marqettc,
Wau-diaia, and YVaupaka counties, lor a mail route tiom
Namahkun, by Blaek Creek, Ncshkoro, and Saukvillc,
to Waupaka.
Also, a lemonstrance of D. S. Curtiss, A. Sickly, and
other citizens of New York, against the renewal of patents,
or alterations in the patent law-*.
By Mr. CONGER: The petition of Darius Cole and295
others, praying for an appiopnation to place buoys, and
stake out tiie channel in Sagmaw bay and river in the State
of Michigan.
By Mr. BRENTON : The petition of Isaac Van Devan-
ter, J. II. Lomax, N. B. Hawkins, and J. M. Haynes, as-
sistant marshals in the State of Indiana, asking additional
compensation for taking the census in 1850.
By Mr. BRIGGS : The memorial of the Chamber of
Commerce of the city of New York, asking Congress to re-
move the Mint of the United States from Philadelphia to
New York.
By Mr. PERKINS : The memorial of John W. Johnson
and Robert Moor, assistant matshals 111 New Hampshire,
asking additional compensation for taking the Seventh i
Census. j
By Mr. PARKER, ot Indiana: The petition of John W. 1
Grubbs and others, assistant marshals of the county of
Henry, Indiana, asking additional compensation tor taking ]
the census. ;
IN SENATE.
"Wednesday, February 25,1852.
Prayer by tiie Rev. Littleton F. Morgan.
PETITIONS. I
The PRESIDENT pro teni. laid before the Sen-
ate resolutions adopted at the annual meetings of |
the American Medical Association, held at Cin-
cinnati, in 1850, and Charleston, in 1851, in favor
of continuing the present rank of the medical staff
of the Army, and of conferring like rank on the
mecjjcal officers of the Navy; which were referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. MILLER presented the memorial of mer-
chants, shippers, ship-owners, underwriters, and
others, of Newark, New Jersey, praying a modi-
fication of the law for the reduction of the costs
and expenses of proceedings in admiralty; which
was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. COOPER presented three memorials of
citizens of Blair county, Pennsylvania, praying the
establishment of an Agricultural Bureau; which
were referred to the Committee on Agriculture.
Also, two memorials of citizens of Pennsylva-
nia, remonstrating against an extension of the
patent granted to \V. VV. Woodworth for a planing
machine; which were referred to the Committee on
Patents and the Patent Office.
Also, a petition of citizens of Erie, Pennsylva-
nia, praying the establishment of a naval depot
and navy-yard, and a dry dock upon the lakes;
which was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Also, a petition of citizens of Philadelphia in*
favor of an extension of the patent granted to W.
W. Woodworth for a planing machine; which
was referred to the Committee on Patents and the
Patent Office.
Also, a petition of cigar-makers of Philadelphia,
praying an increase of the duties on cigais; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Also, the petition of Susan C. Randall, widow
and executrix of Archibald Randall, late United
States district judge for the eastern district of
Pennsylvania, praying compensation for his ser-
vices while performing the duties of circuit judge;
which was referred to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary.
Mr. WALKER presented the memorial of John
H. Sherburne, submitting a plan to save property
and life by means of a floating anchorage or break-
water on the lakes. The memorialist states that in
view of the immense loss on the lakes, amounting
to over two millions of dollars m property and six
hundred human lives, he submits a plan by which
this immense amount of loss of property and
human life may in future be mainly if not wholly !
obviated at a cost of much less than one eighth of !
the above amount. The plan consists of a 4 4 Float-
ing Breakwater or Safety Anchorage," which
can be completed and placed in the harbors of
Oswego, Buffalo, Dunkirk, Cleveland, Chicago,
and Milwaukie, in the short space of three months.
Accompanying the petition is a letter signed by
George R. Walker, Esq., Mayor of Milwaukie,
and L. 11. Colton, Esq., United Slates Marshal,
expressive of their approbation of the plan,
recommending a trial of it by the Government]#
the above named harbors. 9
The memorial having been read,
Mr. WALKER. 1 move to refer these papers
to the Committee on Commerce, and ask that
Colonel Sherburne may have an opportunity of
submitting his plan to them at as early day as
may suit the convenience of the committee. For ;
my own part, it has impressed me very favorably, j
I believe he has discovered what will be of vast j
importance, and 1 am very confident that if his i
plan should be adopted on the lakes, it would be '
one of the best things that could be adopted for j
the security of life and property. '
The motion to refer was agreed to. 1
Mr. liAMLIN. I present a memorial very ,
numerously signed by citizens of the State of j
Maine, remonstrating against the extension of the '
patent granted to Austin and Zebuion Parker, for ;
improvements in water-wheels. The Committee :
on Patents have already reported a bill renewing !
that patent. This is a question in which all who !
are engaged in the mill interests in the State of s
Maine are much concerned; and they aver in this ,
memorial, that years before the original letters j
patent were granted to Zebuion Parker these i
wheels were in use in their mills. I ask that this <
remonstrance may be referred to the Committee ,
on Patents, giving notice that when the bill shall |
come'up, I shall move to recommit it to the Com- 1
mittee on Patents, in order that these remonstrants ij
may be fairly heard. I will move now that the
bill be taken up with a view to recommitment. ji
The motion vas agreed to; and the bill, with ||
the memorial, was referred to the Committee on
Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. CHASE presented a petition of citizens of
Muskingum oountv, Ohio, remonstrating ngainst
an extension of the patent granted to W. W*.
Woodworth for a planing machine; which was
referred to the Committee on Patents and the
Patent Office.
Mr. FISH presented a memorial of merchants,
shippers, ship-owners, underwriters, and others,
of New Bedford, Massachusetts, praying a modi-
fication of the law for the reduction of the costs
and expenses of proceedings in admiralty; which
*was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. COOPER, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of Mary F. B. Levely, on
the files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Na-
val Affairs.
On motion by Mr. DOWNS,it was
Ordered, That the petition of Chailes McCormick, on
the files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on
^Military Affairs.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. FOOT, from the Committee on Pensions,
to which was referred the bill for the relief of
Sarah D. Mackay, reported the same without
amendment, and submitted a report; *which was
ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the memorial of Nancy Bowen,
praying a pension, submitted a report, accompa-
nied by a bill for her relief; which was read and
passed to the second reading. The report was
ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the memorial of Anna Norton and
Lewis Foskit, submitted a report, accompanied
by a bill for their relief; which was read and
passed to the second reading. The report was or-
dered to be printed.
He also, from the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims, to which was referred the memorial of
William Beatty, praying to be allowed compensa-
tion for services in'the war of the Revolution,
submitted an adverse report; which was agreed
to.
Mr. DOWNS, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to which the several memorials were
referred, reported a bill to divide the State of Ohio
into two judicial districts, and to provide for hold-
ing the district and circuit couits of the United
States therein; which was read and passed to the
second reading.
Mr. DAWSON, from the Committee 011 Mili-
tary Affairs, to which was referred the memorial
of Captain L. F. McLaws, of the Army of the
United States, praying the difference of pay be-
tween a lieutenant and that of a captain in the
staff, submitted a report, accompanied by a bill
for his relief; which was read and passed to the
second reading. The report was ordered to be
printed.
He also, from the Committee on Patents and
the Patent Office, to which was referred the peti-
tion of Ira Reynolds, complaining of the rejection
of his application by the Patent Office, asked to
be discharged from the further consideration
thereof; which was agreed to,
Mr. BOR.LAND,from the Committee on Print-
ing, to which was referred the motion to print
the memorial of engineers of the navy, praying
a reorganization of the corps to which they be-
long, presented yesterday, reported in favor of
printing the same.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to which was referred the memorial of Lu-
ther Rogers and others, citizens of Plymouth
county, Massachusetts, for the improvement of
the navigation of North River, asked to be dis-
charged from the further consideration thereof,
and that leave be given to withdraw the petition;
which was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to which was referred the bill to establish
a Mint of the United States in the city of New
York, reported it with amendments.
Mr. BUTLER, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to which was referred the memorial of
William Holhnshead, asking compensation for
reporting and collating the laws of the Minnesota
Territory, submitted an adverse report; which
was agreed to.
