1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1541
On motion by Mr. CLINGMA3ST,
The House then adjourned until to-morrow at i
twelve o'clock, in. i
PETITIONS, &c. :
The following petition?, memorials, Sic , were presented !
under the rule, find referred to the appropriate committees : i
By Mr. PARKER, of Pennsylvania: The petition of D. j
H. Moore and 2J4 others, citizens of Pennsylvania, praying j
Congress to place the soldiers of the war of 1812 and )8I4, j
and their lieirs at law, on the same footing with the sol- ;
diers of the late war with Mexico, m reference to bounty
land. ' :
By Mr. LETCHER: The memorial of the. citizen'-' of
Santa PC county, in the Territory of New Mexico, prn\ mg,
&r.
Bv Mr. EASTMAN t The memorial of the Legislature
of Wiseoiis-m for tire establishment of a new land office in
<?aid State.
By Mr. MOORE, of Louisiana: The petition of II. Du-
val and 23 other citizens of the parish of Morehouse, Lou-
isiana, praving that a po>-troa<l be established from Bastrop,
wj said parish, to YVmn-borough.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, Jime 9, 1852.
Prayer by the Rev. Littleton F Mordant.
Mr. MALLOR.Y presented a petition of the
beirsof John H. Mcintosh, deceased, praying the
confirmation of their title to certain lands granted
to said Mcintosh by the Spanish Government in
1803; which was refened to the Committee on
Private Land Claims.
Mr. BRODHEAD presented a petition of citi-
zens of Pittsburg, Pennsylvania, praying that the
bill now pending- befoie Congress, commonly
known as the "homestead bill," may become a
law; which was referred to the Committee uii
Public Lands.
Mr. RUSLC presented the memorial of Ovid F.
Johnson, and his associates, proposing to con-
struct a railroad and line of telegiaph from New
Orleans to San Francisco, and to carry the mails,
in four-horse coaches, from the head of steamboat
navigation, on the Red river, via El Paso and the
Rio Gila, to San Francisco, upon certain condi-
tions; which was referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
Also, the memorial of Sauforth Ividder, praying
the appointment of a tiibuiml to review the decis-
ions of the late Board of Commissioners ap-
pointed for the settlement of claims of American
citizens against Mexico; which was referred to
the select committeeappomted on the subject,
Mr. SOCJLE presented the memorial of Au-
guste MStaye, asking; Congress tf) allow him com-
pensation for services rendered in the custom-
house at New Orleans; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Also, the memorial of Thayer & Co., of New
Orleans, praying for the grant of certain lands, to
effect a communication, by railroad and steam-
boat, from the Mississippi river to Grand Terre,
on the Gulf of Mexico; which was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. CLEMENS presented a petition of citi-
zens of New Mexico, praying an appropriation
of money in lieu of the laud reserved for schools
in that Territory; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Territories.
Mr. DOUGLAS presented two petitions of cit-
izens of Illinois, praying that the bill now pend-
ing before Congress, commonly known as the
homestead bill, may become a law; winch were
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Also, a memorial of John Shaw and others,
proposing
a railroad, commences at the most
southern shore of Lake Michigan; thence, if prac-
ticable, due west to the Pacific.; and remonstra-
ting against the proposed Whitney's railroad to
the Pacific; which was ordered to be laid on the
table.
Also, a petition of Charles Harris and others,
praying that land may be granted to certain resi-
dents of the United States, and to those who em-
ployed substitutes to perform military service for
them; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I ha?e received a memorial,
not stating the particular place from winch it
comes, signed by a large number of persons, ia
regard to the assumption by the Federal Go^ern-
of State debts, and referring particularly
to the State debt of Illinois, and suggesting "a
mode bv which that. debt, might ho discharged.
I will present the memorial, simply repeating my
unyielding opposition to the object for which it
prays. I move that the memorial be laid upon
the table.
The motion was agreed to.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion-by Mr. MASON, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of the heir of Cap-
tain Riohard Shubnck, deceased, on the file? of the yen-
Senate, be referred to the ComtmUce on Revolutionary
! Claims.
j REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES,
j Mr. BRODHEAD, from the Committee on
| Claims, to which was referred the memorial of
! Ruljf Van Brunt, praying relief for losses incurred
: by him m consequence of the occupation of his
propei ty, in 1814, by troops raised for the defense
of the city of New York, submitted a report, ac-
companied by a bill for his relief; which was read
and passed to the second reading. The report
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to which was referred the motion to print the
resolution yesterday submitted by Mr. Sumner,
relative to cheap ocean postage, reported in favor
of printing the same; which was agreed to.
Mr. GWIN, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to which were referred the memorial of
Benjamin Chapman, and resolutions of the Le-
gislature of California, for the relief of Nathaniel
McManafee, Captain William Waldo, Charles N.
Hall, and J. J. Petrie, asked to he discharged from
the further consideration thereof, and that they be
referred to the Committee on Claims; winch was
agreed to.
Mr. PEAR.CE, from the Committee on Finance,
to which was referred the memorial of William A.
Seeiv, praying the interposition of the United
States to enable him to obtain from Holland the
rewaid od'eied by that Government for the recov-
ery of certain jewels, asked to he discharged from
the further consideration thereof, and that it be re-
fen c-.i to the Committee on Foreign Relations;
which was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, asked to be discharged from the further
consideration of the following petitions, and that
the last-named be referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary; which was agreed to:
The petition of newspaper agents in New York
and Boston; and
The petition of Henry S. Foote and other citi-
zens of Mississippi.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, the Commit-
tee on Territories, to which was referred the joint
resolution from the House of Representatives
changing the name of the St. Peter's river, in Min-
nesota Territory, have directed me to report it
back without amendment and recommend its im-
mediate passage. The fact of the case is simply
this: This river is sometimes known as the St.
Peter's, and sometimes as the Minnesota river;
some acts of Congress designate it by the one
name, and some by the other; this produces con-
fusion; the Legislature of the Territory of Min-
nesota have asked us to fix the name of the river
by law. I ask that the joint resolution be acted
on now. There can be no possible objection to it-
There being no objection, the joint resolution
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It provides, that the river heretofore known as the
St. Petei \s river shall hereafter be known and des-
ignated on the public records as the Minnesota
river. No amendment being offered, it was re-
ported to the Senate without amendment, ordered
to a third reading, read a third time, and passed.
Mr. FELCH. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Public Lands to report back the bill to
extend the provisions of an act approved March
31, 1S47, and an act approved February 2Gth,
1849, carrying into effect the existing compacts
with the States of Alabama and Mississippi, in
relation to the five per cent, fund and the school
reservation. A bill was reported by the commit-
tee some time since, and is now upon the Calendar,
which is of precisely the same import as this bill.
I therefore move that this bill he laid upon the
table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FELCH also, from the same committee,
to wmcb was referred the petition of John James
Flournoy, asked to be discharged from the further
consideration thereof; which was agreed to
REGISTERS OP VESSELS.
Mr. HAMLIN. The Committee on Com-
merce, to which was referred the resolution of the
Senate directing an inquiry into the expediency of
authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury to issue
registers to vesselsm certain cases, haveinstructed
me to report a bill.
The bill was read and passed to the second
reading.
Mr. HAMLIN. That bill imbodies principles
which have met the approbation of the Govern-
ment from its foundation. It authorizes the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to issue a register to a ves-
sel built in a foreign country, and which has been
wrecked in the United States, and purchased by
an American citizen, or citizens,in all cases where
the cost of repairs equals three fourths of the
value of the vessel repaired. We have had nu-
merous applications for the granting of registers
of that character, arid they have uniformly been
granted. The Committee on Commerce have,
therefore, deemed it proper to pass a general bill;
and inasmuch as the bill is passed on a principle
which has been uniformly recognized, and will
prevent frequent and vexatious special legislation
on the subject, I hope it may be considered now
and passed. I move, therefore, that we proceed to
its consideration.
The motion was agreed to, and the bill was read
a second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole.
There being no amendment proposed, it was
reported to the Senate without amendment, and
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading. Sub-
sequently it was read a third time and passed.
PATENT LAWS.
Mr. DAWSON, from the Committee on Pat-
ents and the Patent Office, reported a bill to amend
an net entitled " An act to promote the progress
of tiie useful arts, a.id to repeal all acts and parts
of acts heretofore made for that purpose," ap-
proved July 4th, 1836; and also <c An act to pro-
vide additional examiners in the Patent Office, and
for other purposes," approved May 27th, 1848.
The bill was read a first time, and ordered to a
second reading.
Mr. DAWSON. I desire, and such is the
unanimous desire of the committee, that this bill
should be put upon its passage immediately. It
is meiely to supply what is considered by some an
omission in former act-3. By the act of 1836, it
was enacted that the chief clerk of the Patent Of-
fice " in all cases durmg the necessary absense of
4 the Commissioner, or when the said principal
i office shall become vacant, shall have the charge
' and custody of the seal, and of the records,
4 books, papers, machines, models, and all other
' things belonging to the said office, and shall per-
' form the duties of Commissioner during such
4 vacancy." It has been construed that the latter
clause, with regard to performing the duties of the
Commissioner, does not apply to the temporary
absence of the Commissioner, although by the law,
1 think that the chiefclerk isauthorized during such
temporary absence, and also in cases of vacancy
created by death or resignation, to act in his place.
It ha* been suggested to the committee to remove
this difficulty, to add the other wotds in that bill,
" during the temporary absence of the Commis-
sioner." That is the sole object of the bill, and
it is absolutely necessary to avoid the difficulty in
which patentees may be involved in consequence
of the existing laws being construed in two ways.
For my own part, I thought the word "vacancy"
applied to absence temporarily, as well as to a va-
cancy created by resignation or death; but, for
the purpose of making the thing plain, the com-
mittee are of the opinion that we should moke
this verbal alteration in the law.
The bill was read asecond time,and considered
by the Senate as in Committee of the Whole. It
declares, that whereas, under the second section
of the act entitled "An act to promote the prog-
ress of the useful arts, and to repeal all acts and
parts of acts heretofore made for that purpose,"
approved July 4th, 1836, the chief clerk of the
Patent Office has, during the necessary absence
of the Commissioner of Patents, performed the
duties of that office; and whereas, under the first
section of the act entitled "An act to provide ad-
ditional examiners m the Patent Office, and for
other purposes," approved May 27th, 1848, the
Commissioner of Patents did assume jurisdiction
