1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2405
case, was a mere ministerial agent; that he had not
the authority to decide upon the disputed points
which belonged to the Commissioner.
I said that for this opinion the Secretary had
example under other Administrations, and 1 pro-
ceed to make good the assertion. 1 find, upon the
examination of the fifth article of the treaty of
Guadalupe Hidalgo, that it is copied verbatim from
other treaties into which the Government of the
United States had previously entered. Tt is a copy
of a similar article in the treaty of 1819 with Spam,
the convention of 1828 with Mexico, and of 1838
with Texas. 1 do not know that there were any
proceedings under the treaty of 1819. I know
that there were none under the treaty of 1828 with
Mexico, that Government never having; appointed
a commissioner and surveyor under it. There
were proceedings, however, under the convention
of 1838 with Texas, and a commissioner nnd sur-
veyor were appointed by both Governments. I
have here, in a public document, the instructions
of the Department of State in 1839, under the ad-
ministration of Mr. Van Buren, to Mr. Overton,
the Commissioner on the part of the United States.
I will read a few extracts from them to show what
that Administration thought to be the difference
between the power of a commissioner and a sur-
veyor. In a letter from the Department of State to
Mr. Overton, dated July 8,1839, he is informed:
"Upon yourself,jointly with tiie Texan ComrmsMoner,
will devolve the duty of conducting the proceedings of the
Commission, of instructing the surveyors on both ^idcs as
to their actual operations in the field, and of assi^nin^ to the
clerks the duties properly appertaining to their office. U'
any question should arise fiom conflicting views between
yourself and the Texan Commissioner, the duty will be
yours carefully to investigate the grounds of your own opin-
ions, and, when fully convinced of their correctness, and
o( the fairness of the claim*? which they will induce you to
wet up, on the part of the United States, to advocate their
adoption by every proper argument, diawn from the letter
and spirit of the provisions-ofthe treaties.
"The President confidently relies upon your prudence
and judgment, as. upon the Uearty co<>pci.ition of the United
States surveyor, whom, ut turn, you are expected per-
sonally to attend, direct, and assist in the performance of
Siis duties, for a pioper advocacy of the rights of your coun-
try as secured by the treaties. He its obliged the more to
confide in your discretion, scrutiny, and patriotic zeal from
the impossibility of foreseeing, whether and, if any, what
questions may arise, and from the consequent necessity of
ieavim; you, in a great degree, to exercise your judgment
in the discussion and solution of them.
"As it is indispensable that each Government be fur-
nished with afutl and circumstantial recoidof the proceed-
ings of the Commission, the expediency will doubtless
occur to the Joint Commissioners to order such records to
be kept in duplicate." "This duty will naturally devolve
upon the clerks appointed on both sides, linger the super-
vision of the respective Commissioners, who shall he re-
sponsible for the accuracy and safe delivery of said records,
properly certified, to the respective Governments at the
expiration of the Commission."
In the letter to the Surveyor the Secretary says:
"You will report yourself to Mr. John H. Overton, the
United States CiMinmssioner, for instructions a-* to the man •
ner of performing the duties ot your office."
The Senate must perceive that the Administra-
tion of that day evidently understood the Surveyor
to be an inferior officer to the Commissioner—that
he was to receive his directions from him; because
the Secretary of State savs expressly to the Com-
missioner that it will be his duty to attend and di-
rect the Swveyor in the performance of the duties of
his office. The Department, then, evidently did
not consider the Surveyor as an officer of equal
authority with the Commissioner. They gave
him no instructions, but referred him to the Com-
missioner for instructions. They did not seem to
consider that the duties of a surveyor were any
other than those ordinarily assigned to an officer
of that character—operative duties in the field.
This view seems to have been taken by Mr.
Polk's administration*, for in looking over the in-
structions of Mr. Buchanan to Mr. Weller, Mex-
ican Boundary Commissioner, I find the following
]&n«-uaa:e: "This article plaees yoa in a highly-
responsible position," &c.
In another part he says:
" The joint report or declaration by the Commissioners of
the final result agreed upon by them,"—
He does not speak of the joint report of the
Commissioners and Surveyors, but of the Com-
missioners alone, as if they were the directing au-
thority, and the Surveyor was only an assistant
in these operations in the field:
"The joint report or declaration by the Commissioners,
of the final result asrecd upon by them under the fifth ar-
ticle of the treaty, will also be tiansmitted to the Depart-
ment, to be filed with the journal and record ot their pro-
ceedings, and the map.''
This journal was never signed by the Surveyor,
and it is certain that the Commissioner always and
rightly considered himself as the head of the Com-
mission. Now, sir, I shall not weary the Senate
with any more quotations. I have adduced these
two cases to show that prior Administrations, whose
authority is certainly entitled to respect, have fallen
into the very same error, if error it be, into which
Mr. Stuart has fallen. Mr. Stuart's error, accord-
ing to the Senator from Virginia, consists in his
requesting the Surveyor, who dissents in opinion
from the Commissioner, to sign the agreement
which the two Commissioners had made as to the
initial point. Well, the former .Secretary of State,
Mr. Buchanan, speaks of the agreementas the final
result agreed upon by the Commissioners; though, it
is true, he adds, that the agreement is to be signed
and certified by the Surveyor, as well as by the
Commissioner. It would seem to be very obvious
that his signing the agreement, which others were
to make, must have been considered merely min-
isterial, and for the purpose of authentication.
It is very manifest, therefore, inasmuch as the
treaty has not assigned the duties specifically to
each of these officers, that the Secretary of the j
Interior, looking to the instructions which had
been given by his predecessor, and to the instruc-
tions which had been given to the Commissioner
under the Texas convention, might well fall into
this error, if error it be, of supposing the func-
tions of the Surveyor to be purely ministerial, and
that the directory power of the Commission re-
sided solely in the Commissioner. I admit that
on a careless reading of the fifth article of the
treaty, it would prima facie seem to imply the Sur-
veyor, being associated in the same sentence with
the Commissioner, was of equal authority. But
surely, when we consider the difference of the
functions, which are essentially variant, and when
we consider thai that difference has been recognized
by preceding Administrations, the present Secre-
tary of the Interior must be exonerated at all
events from the charge of gross error which the
Senator from Virginia has attempted to cast upon
him. It is not necessary to say anything now of
the initial point on the Rio Bravo, for which the
Commissioner alone is responsible.
Mr. MASON". I do not know exactly the lan-
guage which 1 used. I do not remember exactly
whether I said the Secretary of the Interior had
fallen into a gross error, or whether I spoke of it
in any other way. I meant to ascribe nothing m
the world, but an error of judgment to the Secre- !
tary. ;
Mr. PEARCE. So I understood.
Mr. MASON. I meant to ascribe nothing but j
an error of a grave character, as it affects the in-
terests of the country. The instructions that
were read by the Senator from Maryland, with
reference to the Commissioner and Surveyor in
running the boundary line between Texas and the
United States, may have been very proper in ref-
erence to the authority bestowed upon these func-
tionaries by the treaty of their appointment.
I havenotexammed thattreaty;and Idonotknow
how far it has similarity to the authority vested in :
those functionaries. So far as the Senator read ,
from the instructions given by Mr. Buchanan to l
the predecessor of the present Boundary Commis- 1
sioner, tliey were doubtless very proper as regards
that officer; but there is nothing in the letter of
Mr. Buchanan to the Commissioner, which sepa-
rated him from the Surveyor. The terms of the
treaty, I think, are too plain to be misunderstood.
I gave them, in my position as a member of the
Commitiee on Foreign Relations, not a cursory
perusal, but a close and strict examination, weigh-
ing every word in its proper order in the context,
to see its meaning. The words of the treaty arc
these:
" In order to designate tlio boundary line with due pre-
cision, upon authontative maps, anu to establish upon the
"round landmarks winch shall show the limits of both Ue-
publies. as described in the present aitide, the two Govern-
ments shall each appoint a Oommissionei and a Siliveyor,
who, before the expiration of one yeai from the exchange
of ratifications ot tins ti eaty, shall meet at the port of S,ni
Diego, and proceed to run and n'aik tiie said boundary m
its whole course to the mouth of the Rio Bravo deJ Norte."
Then, in a very few words, the functions of
these officers are described: "They"-—who are
" they?" The Commissioner and Surveyor.
" They shall keep journals, and make out plans of their
operations; and the result agreed upon by them shall be
I deemed a pait of till-, tieaty, and shall have tiie same force
I as :f it we're inserted therein."
The only construction, according to my appre-
hension, that the treaty will admit of is, that those
functionaries, the Commissioner and Surveyor,
were associated in everything, and separated in
nothing. Every power that is delegated to the one
is delegated to the other.
Mr. PEARCE. The Senator will allow me to
read an extract from the convention with Texas.
I stated that I had compared that with the treaty
of Guadalupe Hidalgo, and found them, in all the
essential parts, verbatim. One of the articles of
that convention is:
" Each of the contracting parties shall appointa Commis-
sioner and Surveyor, who shall meet before the termination
of twelve months from the exchange of the ratifications of
this convention, at New Orleans, and proceed to run and
mark that portion of the said boundary which extends from
the month of the Sabine, wheie that river enters the Gulf
of Mexico, to the Red river. They shall make nut plans,
and keep journals,of their proceedings, and the result agreed
upon bv them shall he considered as part of this conven-
tion, and shall have the same force as it it were inserted
theiein."
I believe the only difference is, that one treaty
says " a Commissioner and a Surveyor," and the
other says " a Commissioner and Surveyor."
Mr. MASON. One seems to be intended as a
transcript of the other; and yet I venture to affirm
that there will be fonnd nothing in the instructions
given to these two functionaries which would re-
quire that the one should be separated from the
other, so far as the agreement to which they were
to come was concerned.
This has become a most important matter to
the United States, because it has resulted that the
Comnussionerdetermined this boundary line in the
absence of the Surveyor, and when the Surveyor
joined them, he dissented. He protested against
the line established by the Commissioner. As the
Secretary of the Interior construes the treaty, the
Commissioner alone has power to commit the
Government. The construction placed upon it by
the Committee on Foreign Relations in the report
which they made to the Senate, is, that the Com-
missioner alone had not power to commit the
country until his act was assented to by the Sur-
veyor; that until it was so assented to, his act
was null. The Secretary of the Interior has con-
strued it otherwise.
I understand, however, that the honorable Sen-
ator from Maryland says, that he does not resist
the proviso that 1 proposed to add to the appro-
priation. I will not, therefore, detain the Senate
further.
Mr. WELLER said: I regret very much that
I am compelled to say anything to-night on this
subject; but I am, from convictions of duty, driven
to the necessity of moving to strike out this ap-
propriation from the bill. There are many rea-
sons which I could assign, if it were necessary,
that the public interests demand that no furtherap-
propriation should now be made for this Commis-
sion. On the 22d day of March last, more than
five months ago, I submitted a resolution to
the Senate, (which was adopted,) calling upon the
Secretary of the Interior for information as to the
manner in which the appropriations heretofore
made had been expended. There have been ap-
propriations made by the Congress of the United
States for the years 3850, 1851, and 1852'—(1 speak
of the time which has elapsed since I headed that
Commission)—amounting to the sum of $365,000.
Three hundred and sixty-five thousand dollars of
the public money have been appropriated and ex-
pended. Early in the month of March last, I was
anxious to ascertain the manner in which this
money had been expended, in order that, if a call
were made for further appropriations, we might be
enabled to understand the propriety of making
them. More than five months, as 1 have said,
have elapsed since that resolution was adopted and
sent to the Department of the Interior; and up to
this hour the Secretary has refused to let this
branch of the Government know how that money
has been expended! He seems to have assumed
the ground, that under his Administration thepeo-
ple have no right to know what disposition has
been made of their money. If this be the policy
of the Whig; party, I trust the people will see the
necessity of ejecting them from power.
Mr. PEARCE. I would explain to the Senator
that it has been communicated to me by the Sec-
retary of the Interior—in reply to an inquiry which
I addressed to him recently, after a conversation
which I had with the Senator—fliatthose accounts
were not kept in the Department of the Interior,
