6S0
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 25,
Mr NORRIS, from the Committee on Patents
and the Patent Office, to which was referred the
bill for the relief of Hiram Moore and John lias-
call, reported the same without amendment.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. MeRAE gave notice of his intention to ask
Jeave to introduce a bill to extend the right of pre-
emption to actual settlers upon the public lands
remaining to the United States in the States of
Alabama and Mississippi, within six miles of the
Mobile and Ohio railroad, the price of which has
been raised to |2 50 per acre, by the act of Con-
gress making the grant of land to those States to
aid in the construction of said road. "
bills introduced.
Mr. MANGUM, agreeably to previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill for the
relief of Professor J. P. Espy; which was read a
first and second time by its title, and, with the ac-
companying papers, referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
Also, a bill for the relief of Professor James P.
Espy, and granting compensation for the use Sf
his conical ventilator; which was read a first and
second time by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. HUNTER, agreeably to previous" notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill to mod-
ify the several acts regulating the warehousing of
imported merchandise, and for other purposes;
which was read a first and second time by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Commerce.
district judge of pennsylvania.
On motion by Mr. COOPER, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the resolution sub-
mitted by him on the 20th instant, instructing the
Committee on the Judiciary to inquire into the
expediency of increasing the salary of the district
judge of the United States for the eastern district
of Pennsylvania, so that it shall hereafter be the
same as that of the district judge of the United
•States for the southern district of New York.
The resolution was agreed to.
MEXICAN CLAIMS.
Mr. DOWNS. Mr. President, yesterday sev-
eral memorials on the subject of Mexican claims,
which had been referred to the Committee on For-
eign Relations, were reported back, and the com-
mittee was discharged, and they are now lying on
the table. I now renew the motion which I made
before they were referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations, that they be referred to a select
committee of five, with power to send for persons
and papers. This is a very important investiga-
tion , which I wish to see thoroughly and fully
made. "While making this motion—which I do,
inasmuch as I presented many of the memorials
referred to—I wish to state, that I hope it will not
be expected that, by making the motion, I desire
to go on the committee. I prefer that it should not
be so. I am serving on two other committees,
the duties of which are very laborious, and fur-
nish as much work as I can do. Another reason
why I do not wish to go upon the committee is,
that, in the course of these investigations, a great
deal of the documentary evidence, and perhaps a
great deal of the oral evidence,-will be in the Span-
ish language, which I do not understand. There
are other members of the Senate who do under-
stand that language, and whose constituents are
equally interested with mine in this matter. I think
it would be advantageous to these investigations,
for some one or two individuals, at least, who do
understand that language, to be on the committee;
therefore, while I make the motion, I hope I shall
be excused from serving on the committee.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DOWNS. At the suggestion of a member
of the Senate, I propose that the election of the
committee be postponed until to-morrow, and fixed
for one o'clock.
The PRESIDENT. The question will be taken
up to-morrow.
Mr. MANGUM. 1 hope that the Chair will ap-
point this committee.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair would prefer
that the committee should be elected.
Mr. MANGUM. The matters to be referred
to this committee are of great importance, and I
think that a much better selection would be made
by the Chair. I therefore move that the commit-
tee be appointed by the Chair, and I hope that the
Senator from Louisiana [Mr. Downs] will assent
to that motion.
Mr. DOWNS. I have no objection to it at all.
The PRESIDENT. It requires the unanimous
consent of the Senate^ the rule requiring thqt all
committees shall be elected..
Mr. PRATT. I preifer that the rule should be
complied with.
The PRESIDENT. The rule will be complied
with.
parkbr's water-wheel.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Yesterday, or the day be-
fore, I presented several remonstrances against
extending the patent for the Parker water-wheel.
These remonstrances were laid upon the table, in
consequence of a bill having been reported from
the Committee on Patents on that subject. The
bill, this morning, was taken up and recommitted
to the Committee on Patents, and I am glad of it.
I now move that the memorials which 1 presented
yesterday morning may be referred to the Com-
mittee on Patents. I think that the mill-owners
of this country should be furnished with some
reason why this bill should be passed in the shape
in which it has been reported by this committee.
The motion to refer the memorials to the Com-
"mittee on Patents and the Patent Office was agreed
to.
railroads in iowa.
The Senate resumed, as in Committee of the
Whole, the consideration of the bill granting the
right of way, and making a grant of land, to the
State of Iowa, in aid of the construction of certain
railroads in that State.
The pending question being on the adoption of
the amendment submitted by Mr. Underwood,
Mr. GEYER resumed and finished the speech
which he commenced yesterday, in favor of the
bill.
Mr. UNDERWOOD replied, and advocated his
amendment.
[Our report of these speeches will be found in
the Appendix.]
On motion, the further consideration of the sub-
ject was postponed until to-morrow.
executive session.
On motion by Mr. CLARKE, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of Executive business;
and after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, February 25, 1852.
Thp"iIouse met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
byjfce Rev. Mr. Morgan.
The J ournal of yes terday was read and approved.
grant of land to missouri.
The SPEAKER. The first business before
the House is House bill No. 104, being a bill
granting the right of way and making a donation
of public lands to the State of Missouri, to aid in
the construction of certain railroads therein. The
question immediately pending is the motion to
refer the bill to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union; upon which question the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Welch] is entitled to
the floor.
On motion by Mr. HEBARD, by unanimous
consent, it was
OriercA, That leave be granted to withdraw from the
files of the House the papers of Sarah Smith, for the pur-
pose of reference m the Senate.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to make a report
from the Committee on Indian Affairs. Will the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Welch] permit me to
bring forward a matter which is of great import-
ance, and ought to be acted upon immediately ?
I send the bill up to the Chair, and ask that it be
read, as well as the amendment which has been
offered to it, and which has been recommended by
the Committee on Indian Affairs.
The bill was then read, creating a superintend -
ency of Indian affairs for California, and making
other provisions.
. Mr. JOHNSON. I do not believe this bill can
give rise to any debate. I will state, further, that
here is the annual communication from the de-
partment of Indian affairs, in which they urge
upon us that we shall act. I will say distinctly,
that the Government urges that we shall act upon
this matter, that the Senate have acted—have
taken up the bill ant! passed it at once, and sent it
here—that the Committee on Indian Affairs have
also acted, and agreed unanimously to the bill,
with one amendment only, and have instructed
me to urge upon the House that this business shall
be disposed of.
Mr. KING, of New York. There are a great
many such cases.
Mr. WELCH. . If it will take but little time, I
will give way. I have not distinctly understood
how much time it will take.
Mr. JOHNSON. I wish merely to explain the
bill, ^nd then call the previous question. I pro-
pose to put it upon its passage.
Mr. KING, of New York, objected.
Mr. JOHNSON. If, then, the public interests
suffer, it is not my fault.
Mr. KING. Not at all.
Mr. McNAIR. Will the gentleman permit me
to withdraw some papers for reference?
Mr. WELCH. I cannot consent for one with-
out consenting in like cases for others, and my
time would in that way be all used up.
On yesterday I proposed an amendment to the
bill now under consideration, and I intended at
the time I did so to occupy no more time than
should be necessary to explain its meaning and
operation. Having the opportunity now, 1 will
use it, to- say a few words upon that amendment.
I was not aware a.t the time I offered the amend-
ment—which contains a proposition to make a
grant of public lands for the construction of a rail-
road from St. Louis, to cShnect with the Baltimore
and Ohio railroad—that we had pending before
us, as I learn we have, from the same committee
which reported this bill, a bill for a similar grant,
for the construction of a railroad from St. Louis to
the city of Cincinnati. It would have been much
more appropriate, and I certainly shall avail myself
of the opportunity, when it occurs, to offer my
amendment to that bill. I had hoped to obtain
a vote upon the amendment, in connection with
this bill, but of that I see no prospect at present.
I was in hopes that the amendment to the amend-
ment would have been accepted, and then I might
have offered this as a substitute for the amendment
so amended; but I find that there is a motion
pending to refer this bill to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of theUnion, which, I believe,
precludes the amendment I have suggested. Hav-
ing offered it, or rather having had it read at the
Clerk's desk, I avail myself of the opportunity to
say a few words by way of enforcing, not so much
that specific amendment, as the principle involved,
which is this: that we should grant the public
lands, or portions of them, in aid of the construc-
tion of railroads, wherever it can be done without
detracting from the aggregate value of the public
lands. That is the principle upon which this grant
of lands to the Missouri railroads has been advo-
cated by its friends. That is the principle upon
which members from Missouri, the gentleman
from South Carolina, [Mr. Orr,] and other gen-
tlemen put their advocacy of it. It is a prin-
ciple,! say, which necessarily comes within the
purview of this amendment. There is a clear and
palpable distinction, which has been noticed by the
gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Orr,] be-
tween that principle and the appropriation of the
public treasures of the nation for the purpose of
constructing works of internal improvements.
One is an appropriation from the public Treasury
for the purpose of making works of general and
public utility; the other is a grant of portions
of the public lands—a fund which the Government
holds m trust for the general good—in cases where
it will not diminish the value of the fund. I have
heard no gentleman speak in this House upon any
of these measures, and I have read nothing said by
any gentleman m the other branch of Congress,
from which it cannot be inferred, that this is not
a proper and admissible principle, and one which
should be carried out. Is it true, then, thatif you
make the grant, which I propose, for the construc-
tion of a railroad from St. Louis to connect with the
Baltimore and Ohio railroad, so as to give us one
continuous road from the eastern sea-board to the
western borders of the State, you will not by that
grant diminish the value of the public domain ? I
maintain that you will not. I believe that you
will by that means add as much to the remaining
public domain, as will equal the value of that which
