1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2407
Mr, PRATT. Then I made a small mistake
as to time; that is all.
Mr. WELLER. I ask no exemption from the
rules by which other Senators are governed, and
will ^ut myself in order by speaking to the point
that is raised by the amendment. If I were to
attempt to discuss the questions presented hereby
the amendment proposed by the Senator from Vir-
ginia, I should occupy much more time than I
would have occupied in explaining a matter some-
what personal to myself. It is not often that Sen-
ators are interrupted here, when they are speak-
ing of matters in which their own honor or their
own reputation is involved.
I wish to say a word or two to the Senator from
Maryland who sits furthest from me, [Mr.
Pearce.] I agree with him that there is adistinction
between the Commissioner and the Surveyor, but
I should never have undertaken, as Commissioner
on that boundary, to have determined any point
on that line without consulting with the Surveyor.
His advice would have been implicitly relied upon,
unless it was plainly and palpably wrong. The
instructions to which the Senator referred, places
the Commissioner at the head, and thus makes a
distinct difference between the two officers. Under
date of January 24, 1849, (the first instructions,)
you will find that in organizing the Commission,
Secretary Buchanan says:
"You are referred for any information which you may
deem necessary, to Andrew B. Gray, Esq., who lias been
appointed Surveyor under the treaty."
It certainly was the intention of the Department
to draw a distinction between the power of the
Commissioner and that of the Surveyor. I con-
sidered myself as the head of the Commission—
no doubt about that. I held myself responsible
for the movements of all the parties who went out
into the field; but I relied implicitly on the judg-
ment of the Surveyor for the determination of any
point upon the face of the earth in the running of
the boundary. So I relied implicitly upon the
chief astronomer in determining the geographical
position of any point desired. The one had charge
of the linear surveys—the other of the astro-
nomical lines.
I have perhaps detained the Senate too long. I
regret very much that I have been compelled to
inflict upon my friend from Maryland [Mr.
Pratt] the remarks which I have made. I con-
sidered it necessary, and that is reason enough so
far as I am concerned. I am sure that when he
gets up in the Senate to speak of a matter in
which his own reputation is involved, or where he
has been grossly misrepresented at the bar of pub-
lic opinion, 1 shall interpose no objection to his
proceeding. In this respect I will return good for
evil.
Mr, UNDERWOOD. We have business to
perform in the execution of a treaty, and the
question is, how are we to do it? I nave exam-
ined this subject, as it was my duty to do, as a
member of the Committee on Foreign Relations,
with a great deal of attention; and I shall be very
brief in submitting to the Senate the view which
I take of it, and of what it is our duty to do.
We have to determine, in the first place, wheth-
er the Commissioner could act separately and
apart from the Surveyor, and pledge the United
States to any line agreed upon by him with the
Mexican Commissioner. If the Commissioner
appointed by the United States, and the Mexican
Commissioner, had the right, separate and apart
from the Surveyors, to agree upon a line, then
the business has been done, and nothing more
remains but to execute the agreement which the
Commissioners have entered into. But if their
act requires the assent of the Surveyors as well as
of the Commissioners, then, as the Surveyor ap-
pointed on the part of the United States has never
consented and agreed to that line, there yet re-
mains a matter to be done between the two Gov-
ernments, or the Commissions under the two
Governments, in fixing this boundary, which has
not yet been performed, and the boundary yet re-
mains unsettled. That determination lies at the
very foundation of this question, and it is to be
determined by the authority of the treaty which
has been read by my friend from Virginia. The
expression of the treaty is:
"The two Governments shall each appoint a Commis-
sioner and a Surveyor, who before the expiration of one
year from the date ot the exchange of ratifications of thi&
treaty, shall meet at the port of San Diego and pioeeed to
run and mark the said boundary in its whole course to the
mouth of the Rio Bravo del Norte. They shall keep jour- |
nals, and make out plans of their operations; and the re- |
suit agreed upon by them shall be deemed a part of this |
treaty, and shall have the same force as if it were inserted
therein."
I wish to call the attention of the Senate to the
phrase," the resultagreed upon by them." Agreed
upon by whom? The Surveyor and the Commis-
sioner. Now, you perceive by this agreement the
power of settling the boundary is committed to
the Surveyor ana Commissioner. The amendment
of my friend from Virginia puts it in the Pres-
ident of the United States. I think the amend-
ment is wrong in that particular. The treaty ex-
pressly commits it to the Surveyor and Commis-
sioner, who shall be appointed. A previous part
of the treaty incorporates Disturnell's map of 2847
as part of the treaty, and refers to the boundary
designated on that map as being the boundary
which the Commissioners and the Surveyors were
to ascertain and mark; and then when they did
ascertain it by reference to that map, and did mark
it upon the ground, it was to become obligatory
upon the two Governments. Why did the United
States select two persons instead of one to do this?
It was, in my judgment, in order to have under
the treaty the assent of the minds of two persons
before the Government was to be bound,
Mr. HUNTER. Allow me to suggest to the
Senator from Kentucky that if he is arguing for
the amendment, there is no use of it, because I
believe we are all in favor of it.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. No, sir; I said ex-
pressly that this amendment would notaccomplish
the object, and I will endeavor to show it in a few
words.
Mr. HUNTER. I beg pardon.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I agree with the •chair-
man of the Committee on Foreign Relations, that
the assent of the minds of the Surveyor and the
Commissioner was necessary to bind the Govern-
ment. It is like sending out two ministers abroad
to make a treaty with a foreign Government. If
one of the ministers does not assent to the treaty,
and the other does, the vote of the one neutralizes
the vote of the other, and the Government is not
committed. When the Government leaves a mat-
ter to two of its servants, it can only be commit-
ted by the assent of both to the same thing. That,
in my judgment, is the meaning and sense of the
treaty.
I have read a portion of the treaty to show that
when these two individuals assented and agreed,
their determination became obligatory upon the
Government; and the minds of those two men
were to be made up by inspecting the ground,
comparing the ground with the map, and form-
ing a judgment by that species of comparison.
This amendment of my friend from Virginia does
not put it there. He undertakes to have it settled
not by the Commissioners and Surveyors sent out
to examine the ground, to look at the towns, to
look at the river, to look at the water-courses
which enter into that river, and measure the dis-
tance from those water-courses and towns up to
the line and fix if. Let me here remark that these
are the appropriate duties of a Surveyor, which he
will understand better than a Commissioner will,
because they fall within the scope of his duties.
A Surveyor can better than any one make these
comparisons and researches. The object and sense
of the treaty was to send these men to do that, and
to locate and put up landmarks and monuments.
That can be done much better by them after an
examination than it can be done by the President
or the Senate of the United States.
What does this amendment propose? It says
that no part of this money is to be used until the
President of the United States shall be satisfied
that the southern boundary of New Mexico is
not established by the Commissioner and Surveyor
of the United States further north of the town |
called Paso than the same is laid down on Distur-
nell's map, which is added to the treaty. I under-
stand that the meaning of this amendment is to
be that you are just to go to El Paso and measure
up the distance above El Paso according to the
scale marked upon Disturnell's map, and when
you measure that distance from El Paso up to the
line, you are to put it down there that the line
exists. Now, according to my understanding of
the treaty, you have no more right to measure
from El Paso up than you have to measure from
a place in that neighborhood called La Salinera
When the map contains various towns and various
rivers to cross, upon the face of it, I do not see
the principle upon which you can select any one
of those points to give it precedence over all the
rest. I do not believe that there is any principle
upon which that can be done, unless there is some
expression in the treaty that gives a particular
point the governing and controlling influence in
the matter. If there was any particular which
was to control and to have this governing influ-
ence, the individuals who made the treaty would
have said in so many words, "You shall measure
the distance from that point." This would havere-
duced it to certainty, and have left no dispute about
it. If that had been the sense and intention of the
treaty, all that you would have had to do would
have been to have gone to the point designated
and to have measured the distance; but the treaty
does not use language of that sort. It refers to all
the localities, all the points of a larger description
upon the map, and then the position of the line as
laid down upon the map, and says that the Com-
missioner and Surveyor, with this map before
them, shall go upon the ground and determine the
point intended by the treaty. In that way you
see the foundation of judgment, but not by rea-
soning in the other way, for if the particular point
had been designated there would have been noth-
ing to do but plain measurement, about which
there could have been no mistake.
I think, therefore, that this amendment as it
stands, designating " Paso," and the distance
from it as measured upon the map, is incorrect in
that particular. I admit that Paso is mentioned
in the treaty, but not as the point to measure from,
any more than any other point. Here is the lan-
guage in which Paso is introduced in the treaty.
It says:
"The hound aiy line between the two Republics shall
commence in the Gulf of Mexico, three leagues from land,
opposite the mouth of the Rio Grande, otherwise called
Rio Bravo del Norte, or opposite the mouth of its deepest
branch, if it should have more than one branch emptying
directly into the sea; from thence up the middle of that
river, following the deepest channel, where it has more
than one, to the point where it strikes the southern boundary
of New Mcxico; thence westwardly, along the whole
southern boundary of New Mexico (which runs north of
the town called Paso) to its western termination."
Several Senators. "Question!" "Question 1"
Mr. UNDERWOOD. If gentlemen call for the
question in this way I will yield the floor.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PISH. I have an amendment to offer as
an additional section. It is to add:
Sec. —. Jind, be it further enacted, That the salary of
the chief cleik m the office of the Assistant Treasurer of
the United States in New York be, and the same is hereby,
increased to $1,800 per annum, and the salary of each of
the other clerks in the said office i  increased to $1,400 per
annum, to be paid out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PELCH. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Public Lands to move to insert among
the appropriations for the public lands the follow-
ing:
" For sub-dividing the Islands of Santa Cruz, San Miguel,
San Bernardo, Santa Catalina, Santa Clementina, San Sal-
vador, San Nicholas, and Santa Barbara, on the coast of
California, by the Coast Survey, and according to such plan
as may be devised by the General Land Office, so that s>uch
islands may be di'-po^cd of by the United States, and estab-
lishing the regular crossings along the lengths with which
to connect the lines with the sub-divisions under this appro-
priation, $20,000 : Provided, That the Superintendent of
the Coa&t Survey '•.hall return to the General Land Office
two complete copics of the maps and field books: Jlndpro-
tided further, Thatall leases of any of such elands, or any
part of them, shall be regarded as without authority, and
void.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PRATT. I have yet offered no amend-
ment to this bill. I hope, therefore, that the Sen-
ate will have patience whilst I offer the only one
I intend to offer, I offer it in conformity with a
resolution of the Legislature of Maryland, which
is in these words;
" Refolded by the General Assembly of Maryland, That
the Senators and Representatives in Congiuss from this
State, are hereby requested to use then influence in procur-
ing the passage of a law to make tree  o much of the Wash-
ington and Baltimore turnpike road as lies within the Dis-
trict of Columbia."'
This resolution was referred to the Committee
on the District of Columbia, and they have re-
ported a bill m conformity with this request. I
offer the following amendment to the bill:
Sec   And bo it further enacted, That the sum. Of
