2408
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 27,
$10,000 be, and the same is hereby appropriated, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the
necessary graduation and repair of the road leading from
Maryland avenue, at the boundary of Washington city, to
the boundary line of the District of Columbia, in the direc-
tion of Baltimore, in the State of Maryland, according to
its original design: Provided, That all right, title, and in-
terest winch remain in the president, directors, and com-
pany of the Columbia Turnpike road, under and by virtue
of an act entitled "An act to incorporate a company for
making certain turnpike roads in the District of Columbia,"
approved April 20, 1810, shall be extinguished so far as they
afleet said road hy legal proceedings or otherwise, to the
satisfaction of the President of the United States, befoie
any portion of such appropriation shall be expended for the
purpose aforesaid.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GWIN. I have an amendment to offer,
to insert in the bill after the provision for the sal-
ary of the district judge in California the follow-
ing:
And an appeal from the final judgments and decrees ren-
dered in any of the district courts m California m cases of
equity, of admiralty, and maritime jurisdiction, and of
prize" or u no prize," where the matter in dispute, ex-
clusive of cost<, shall exceed the sum or value of $2,00!),
shall be allowed to the Supreme Court of the United States,
and upon such appeal the hke proceedings shall be had as
now provided by law on appeals in like cases from the
judgments or decrees of the circuit courts to the Supreme
Court of the United State?.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GWIN. I haveanotheramendment, which
is to insert, after the provision for the Mint at
Philadelphia, the following:
Jit San Francisco, California.
For salaries of superintendent, assayer, melter, and re-
finer, coiner, and a^bistants, and clerk, $23,500. For wages
of workmen, $20,000. Incidental and contingent expenses,
§5,000. Provided, That no part of the sums hereby appro-
priated for the service of the Mint at San Fiancisco, either
forsalaries, wages, or expenses, shall be expended, nor any
one of the officers provided witii a salary shall leceive it,
until, in the judgment of the President of the United States,
the business of the Mint is in such a state of progress as '
to imperatively require such expenditure. j
This amendment is rendered necessary in order
to put into operation the Mint of California. The
salaries provided for are the same as the law con-
fers.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DOWNS. I have an amendment to offer,
by the direction of the Judiciary Committee. It
is to insert:
For the purchase, for the use of the Senate, of five hundred
copies ol the Index of the Opinions of the Attorneys General
of the United States, to be bound in the same manner as the
said volumes of Opinions, $87o.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the Territories to move to insert after
the appropriations for the Territory of New Mex-
ico the following:
To R. H. WEioiiTM an, of New Mexico, for mileage and
compensation (or attendance during the second session of
the Thirty-first Congress, §2,465.
I would state that Mr. Weightman is now the
Delegate from New Mexico. He was here during
the last session, but by mistake, when the other
Delegates were provided for, he was omitted.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WALKER. I wish to offer an amend-
ment in regard to a class of persons who have not
yet been mentioned. It is to insert, after the pro-
vision for the increase of the compensation of the
clerks, the following:
And the pay of the watchmen in the various navy-yards
shall hereaftei be $500 per annum each, instead of the pay
heietoloie received by them.
This is for a class of men who give us their
duty both day and night, alternately. They have
heretofore received but $360 a year, except in
this District. I think their pay ought to be in-
creased to a reasonable sum. i hope the Senate
will adopt the amendment; it is the only one I
intend to offer.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I move to amend the
amendment by adding:
To enable the architect to pay the workmen on the ex
tension of the Capitol thirty days'pay during the suspen-
sion of the work, the sum of $18,OOP is hereby appropi iated,
to be paid out of the appropriation authorised by the joint
resolution approved April 14, 1852: Provided, That no
workman shall receive pay who was not employed at the
time of the suspension of the work.
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
Mr. MALLORY. I would inform the honor-
able Senator from Wisconsin, that there is one
navy-yard at which, by hie amendment the
watchmen will get less than they are getting now.
It is the navy-yard at Pensacola.
Mr. WALKER. I was not aware of that fact,
but I will amend the amendment by adding after
the words " heretofore received by them," the
following, "if the same be less than the sum
above-mentioned."
Mr. BRA DBURY. By undertaking to increase
the pay of some few persons employed in the ser-
vice of the Government, we necessarily create
dissatisfaction on the part of the other employees.
We should reflect how we do these things. We
should remember that this money is not to be paid
from our own pockets, but our constituents have
to pay it.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. BORLAND. I rise to propose an amend-
ment to this bill altogether different from any
which has yet been proposed. I propose to strike
out an appropriation—to strike out the following:
For clerk hire, stationery, rent, fuel, and contingencies,
in the compilation ot the census of 1800, $30,000.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I rise to a point of order. It
is that it is contrary to all the usages of the Senate
to strike out an appropriation already in the ap-
propriation bills. [Laughter.]
Mr. BORLAND. I desire-to make but one
remark on the subject. If I had time, I should
make a good many remarks. I have the papers
before me which would enable me to sustain them
by the facts. I make this motion because the ap-
propriation of $50,000 is not necessary. There
is already unexpended some $75,000 of this census
fund. It is well that the Senate and the country
should know that we have already expended
$1,202,651 upon the Census of 1850. We have
paid to the marshals and their assistants, $956,000;
for salaries of clerks, &c., $208,133; for contin-
gent expenses, in one instance, $24,000; for fur-
niture of the Census Office, $3,210. We have also
paid a very extraordinary item of expense for
which I have been unable to find any lawful au-
thority—over $14,000 for a trip to Europe of the
Superintending Clerk of the Census, to visit the
World's Fair.
I have here an abstract of the expense of taking
the Fifth and Sixth Censuses, and I find that for
the Fifth Census we paid an aggregateof $403,529.
Of course a very great increase has since been ne-
cessarily incurred in the expenditures for the mar-
shals and assistant marshals in taking the census;
but we find that so far as printing, rent, and clerk
hire are concerned, the expenditures have been
out of all proportion, and enormously increased.
There was paid for clerk hire in the compilation
of the Fifth Census, $6,276; and for clerk hire for
compiling the Sixth Census, of 1840, there were
paid $66,000, and there were only twenty persons
engaged. We have had at one time, in compiling
the Seventh Census, over one hundred and sixty
clerks employed, and there are now between one
hundred and forty and one hundred and fiftv, for
whom we have already paid $208,000. About
$75,000 yet remain in the Treasury applicable to
the census. The Department asked $150,000
more, but the House of Representatives cut it
down to $50,000. I propose to strike it all out.
The amendment was agreed to; there being, on
a division—ayes 19, noes 14.
Mr. CLARKE. There is an appropriation in
this bill of $14,800 for the payment of the Auxiliary
Guard of the city of Washington. I move to amend
this item by striking out " $14,800" and inserting
"$16,000." I make the motion for this reason:
There are thirty men on that guard, and as now
provided by law fifteen of these men receive $500
a year, and fifteen receive $420 a year. I have
made inquiry—and particularly of the Commis-
sioner of Public Buildings—and I am told that all
these men perform the same duty. One of them
came to me and told me that he had but $420,
while others, who did no more duty, were receiv-
ing $500. My proposition is to increase the ap-
propriation $1,200, so as to allow each member of
the guard $500 per annum.
Mr. WELLER. It would be easier to bring
them all down to $420.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. HAMLIN. There is in the bill a provis-
ion—
" For compensation of the Register of the Treasury and
the clerks, messenger, and assistant messenger in his office,
$30,400. The salary of one of the clerks created by the
act of the 20th of April, 1818, being hereby increased to
$1,000 per annum."
I move to amend this by striking out "one,"
and inserting "three," so that the salary of all
three of the clerks shall be made $1,000. I will
state, in explanation of this amendment, that there
are now three clerks in that office who receive a
salary of $300 a year. They all perform similar
service. The bilf proposes to increase the salary
of one of these to $1,000. The one selected has
had to perform less onerous and responsibleduties
than the others. I think this is unjust. I think
they should all be put on the same footing. I have
here a letter from the Department recommending
it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BROOKE. I have an amendment to offer,
which is to insert among the provisions for ma-
rine hospitals, the following:
For prosecution of the building of the marine hospital in
Vicksburg, ^15,000.
I would state, that two years ago an appropri-
ation of $10,000 was made by Congress for the
purpose of erecting a marine hospital at Vicks-
burg. Five thousand dollars were expended in
purchasing the site. I have before me a letter
from the Secretary of the Treasury, in which he
states that $35,000 will be required to complete it,
and advises that the whole amount should now be
appropriated. I do not ask that. I merely ask
for $15,000 now.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BROOKE. I have another amendment to
offer, which is to insert:
For additional compensation to the collector of the port
of Natchez, Mississippi, for services as inspector of the
marine hospital, $500.
I will state that a marine hospital has lately been
established at Natchez. It has been opened and is
now in operation. The superintendence of that
hospital has been placed under the control of the
collector of the customs at Natchez, and not a sin-
gle cent has been given him by law, for the addi-
tional services that he is thus bound to render.
Mr. GWIN. Can my friend from Mississippi
tell me how much money was ever collected by
the collector at Natchez? I do not think he ever
collected a cent, and as he receives a salary it might
be as well to give him something to do.
Mr. BROOKE. I was about to read a letter
from him showing the amount of his duties. I am
informed by the collector, a gentleman whom I do
not know at all, that hia salary has only been
$500, and that, in addition to theoffice of collector,
that of inspector and supervising agent of the ma-
rine hospital has been imposed on him. He states:
"The collector of this port is not permitted to have a
deputy, except during his absence or his illness; conse-
quently the duties are very onerous, and the salary with
the one per cent, for disbursements, which does not amount
to ,<§100, will not compensate a competent officer for his
services. Some of the duties of the agent of the hospital
are as follows:
c< To superintend the purchasing of all supplies for the
hospital, to hire servants for the use of the same, to keep
the accounts, to see that the rules prescribed for the man-
agement of the hospital are enforced, to superintend the
buildings and grounds, and the servants; to examine cer-
tificates of all persons applying for admission, and to grant
permits when the credentials are correct; to leport regular-
ly to the Department the number of patients admitted and
discharged, the number that died, with what diseases they
are artiictcd, how long they remain in thehospital; to make
contracts for the supply of flour, bacon, &c.
" The building is about a mile and a half from my office,
and nearly the same distance from the landing.
" The above statement will be found to be correct by ap-
plication to the Secretary of the Treasuiy. No man who
is competent to discharge all these duties, and various
others too tedious to mention, is willing to undertake them
for the salary and perquisites given, vi/. : $600."
I think, sir, this amendment ought to be adopted.
I do not know what amount of revenue is collected
at Natchez. I know it is a port of entry, and by
law the salary of the collector is fixed at $500.
He simply asks now, that for the additional la-
bors that have been imposed upon him in conse-
quence of the establishment of the marine hospital
there, and which are enumerated in this letter, he
shall have some additional compensation. If $500
be too much, I am willing to reduce it; but I do
not think it is, from the enumeration of the duties
he has given in this letter,
The amendment was rejected.
The bill was then reported to the Senate as
amended.
Mr. RUSK. I have one or two amendments
which I wish to offer as soon as we shall have
disposed of the amendments which have been
agreed to asin Committee of the Whole, I move
