1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1545
The SPEAKER. The question will first be
taken on the motion of the gentleman from Ala-
bama, [Mr. CobbJ If that fails, the question
will then be upon the motion submitted by the
gentleman from South Carolina. [Mr. Orr.]
Mr. STUART demanded tellers; butihey were
not ordered.
And the question being put upon Mr. Cobb's
motion, it was disagreed to.
The question recurring: upon Mr. Oan's motion,
it was put, and the motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Richardson' in the chair.)
TheCHAlRMAN. The first business in order
is the bill making appropriations for the support
of the Indian Department, and the gentleman from
North Carolina [Mr. Morehead]is entitled to the
floor.
Mr. LETCHER. I ask the gentleman from
North Carolina to yield the floor for a moment,
Mr. MORBHEAD. I will yield fora moment,
Mr. LETCHER said: I htivedesired toaddress
the committee upon a matter of local interest to
my constituents in Western Virginia; and not
knowing whether I should have an opportunity
to do so, I have prepared my remarks, and will
print them, in order that they may go in with the
debates of this House.
Mr. Chairman, the people of the western dis-
trict of Virginia have long been satisfied that the
salary of their judge is grossly inadequate, con-
sidering; the amount of ins labors and the extent
of travel which has been devolved upon him.
Hence they have petitioned Congress year after
year for the past twelve years, asking thru his
salary should be increased; and those petitions have
in every instance received the favorable considera-
tion of the Judiciary Committee of this House
and the Senate. On two occasions bills have
passed the Senate increasing the salary to $2,500,
and each of them increasing the length of the terms
of the several courts. On one occasion one of
those bills was taken up in this House; and after
a vety brief discussion, was defeated upon the
express ground that it was designed to jevise the
laws on this subject, and to equalize the salaries
of this class of officers throughout the United
States.
I am not aware that any member in this or the
other House has, at any time, maintained that
this salary furnished an adequate compensation
for the important and onerous labors imposed upon
thejudgeof this district. On the coniiaiy, 1 be-
lieve ithas been unifotmly admitted that the labors
of this judge, including his annual travel and court
duties, are far greater than those devolved upon
most other judges, while his compensation is lees
than in many other cases. Under these circum-
stances it is that the petitioners from many por-
tions of the district prefer their appeal to this Con-
gress for an increase of the salary.
During the present session, the Senate have
passed a bill lengthening the terms of all the courts
in the district, and increasing the salaiy from
$1,600 to ^'2,500. That the action of the Senate
is fully justified by sound and weighty reasons,
sufficient, in ray view, to induce corresponding !
action here, I shall endeavor to demonstrate, by
reference to facts existing at the time of the creation
of the western district of Virginia, and otheis of
subsequent occurrence.
The western district of Virginia was created
in the year 18J9, and embraced the territory lying
on the west side of ihe Alleghany mountains
The entire population embraced within the limits
of this distiict, wa" ('■•y the census of 1820) •as-
certained to be 147,540. The act creating the
district dir^cled thai courts should be he'd twice a
year at Clarksburg, Lewishni'2", and Wythevilie,
and fixed the salary at $1 ,600 per annum, bein<r
about the salary which Vugmia, at that time, paid
to her circuit judges. The annual travel of the
judge was one thousand miles.
The territory lying between the Alleghany and
Blue Ridge of mountains, and known as the Val-
ley division in our Sta'e, was then connected whh
and formed a part of the eastern indicia! district.
This connection continued until 1824, when, by
act of Congress, the Valley was tiansferred from
the eastern to the western judicial district, and the
judge of the western district was directed to hold
two terms of his court annually at the town of1
Staunton. The Valley counties, according to the ;
census of 1830, contained a population of 154,162,
being a population greater than was contained in
the trans-Alleghany region by 6,622 persons.
By this addition to the western judicial distiict,
' the population of the district was more than
doubled, its territorial extent greatly enlarged,
and the amount of court business and* his annual
travel more than doubled, while his annual com-
pensation remained the same. Can it be, or will
it be contended, that $1 ,GOO was more than a fair
compensation m 1819, when the district was
created; when the judge'stravel wasonly onethou-
sand milea, and when six courts only were to be
held in each year? If this will not be contended
for, then I apprehend the conclusion is irresistible,
that the salary is grossly inadequate now, when
the district has been nearly doubled m territorial
extent; when the population has been more than
doubled; when the travel has been increased from
1,040 miles to 2,280 miles annually, and when
the court business has been more than quad-
I rupled.
1 Such are the facts, as they existed in 1854, and
prior to that time; and I think I have demon-
strated that, even upon those facts, this House
ought not to hesitate a moment in yielding its
sanction to the bill sent to us f< osn the Senate, and
now before the Judiciary Committee of this body.
But if any doubt still, let me solicit lus attention
to the other important facts which \ am now about
to present, and which, if impartially and care-
fully considered, must be regarded as conclusive
of the justice and propriety of the passage of the
measu re.
I have thus shown, that, by the acts of 1819 and
1824, eight terms of this court were to be held
every year. But, by acts passed in the years 1842
and 1843, m addition to those heietofore men-
tioned, the judge of this district was directed to
hold courts twice a year at the city of "Wheeling,
and in the town of Charleston, still letaming the
circuit couit to be held oncc a year at the town of
Lewisburg. It is thus shown that the labois of
the judge have been augmented to a mo t extraur-
dmarv extent, by Congiessional legislation. In
1819, this officer was required to hold six couits a
year, and traveled only one thousand and forty
miles. In 1852 Ins courts have been increased to
eleven per year, and his annual travel increased to
two thousand two hundred and eighty miles. In
1819 the expenses of the judge, m making lustii-
cuit, were about $200—lea\nii£hini a salary equal
to $1,400 per annum. In 1S32, by an a^ountic-
curately kepi by .he judge, his traveling and com t
expenses amount to s40l)—leaving Ins salary
equal only to £] ,200 per annum. We have,there-
fore, the result, that the judge pcifo'*ming double
duty, at double the expense, now actually recen es
a. salary of only Si ,200 clear of expenses, while his
predecessor in 1819, who performed not m^liah*
of the present judge's labor, and at only half the
expense, received $1,400 Thei e is neither justice
nor equity in this. A system that operates such
injustice ought to be reformed.
When this judicial district was created, Con-
gress, in fixing the sdary, desivned to place the
judge on a footing of equality with the circuit
judder? in Virginia. Those judges received a fixed
salary of $1,500 per annum, and yi for every
twenty rndes of:«avel. At that time, we had fi?
teen circuit pid^e--. whose s xlary and iu«!e i's? aver-
aged about ^1,600 to each. The chancery court
system was ai that time in '-xistence in our
Suite, and e:\. u '•hancelhu** received an annua! sal-
ary of $1,666. These facts arc presented in <vder
to show that Congress must, have had these ficts
in v:ew ii; fixing the salary of the jud^e for the j
western district, and designed to place him in as '
favorable a position as that occunicd by^ur chan- |
cellors and nrctnt judges.
If this was a )u*;t rule by which to regulate the
salary in 1819, is it not just as sound a ude in !
1802, by which to test the merits of the proposi-
tion now pending in this House ? I maniluw that !
it is a perfectly fair rule, and I in* *•{ upon ns up- :
plication in the present c°se. Under the new !
constitution in our State* we pay to our c.rcuit
judges (twenty in number) an annual salary of'
$2,000, and twenty cents a mile for travel; ,vhi< Ii
will make their compensation equal to ^,2,30'J per
vear on an avenge. The judges of our supreme
court receive a salary of £3.000 each, and mileage
at the same irte with the circuit judges; whi'-h
will make their annual compensationabouts3>3€0.
J The bill passed by the Senate, and which we will
i soon be called to act upon, fixes the salary at
1 $2,500, without mileage* The Judiciary Commit-
tee of this House will report the bill back, with an
amendment reducing the salary to $2,000. To
this amendment i am opposed, unless you allow
mileage at the same rate that is paid to our State
judges. The salary at $2,000, and 2,280 miles
travel, at twenty cents per mile, would make his
compensation equal to $2,460—within a small
fruition of $40 of the sum fixed in the Senate bill.
Why not, then, take the Senate bill without amend-
ment, and thus do justice to a judge in one of
the heaviest and most laborious districts in the
Union?
The judges of Massachusetts, of the southern dis-
trict o'f'Nevy York, of the eastern distiict of Penn-
sylvania, of Maryland, and of Georgia, who have
no travel to perfuim, receive salaries ranging from
§2,000 to $3,500, and not one of them holds as
many courts (except the New York judge) as the
judge of the western district of Virginia, No
one of the others holds more than four courts
during the year, while Judge Brockenbrough holds
eleven,, and travels two thousand two hundred and
eiglity miles besides, on horseback, over an ex-
ceedingly mountainous country. Kleven other
judges, viz: the judges of .Maine, the northern
district of New York, the westei n district of Penn-
sylvania, the easttrn distiict of Viigmia, North
Carolina, youth Carolina, Alabama, Mississippi,
Louisiana, Arkansas, and Florida, who have far
le^s tra«el,and who do not hold half as many
courts in the year, receive much higher salaries,
ranging from $1,800 to $2,500 per year. These
judges, with two exceptions, (.Boston and New
York,) perform far less labor than the judge of the
western distiict of Virginia, and yet all of them
iecei\e higher salaiies. I frankly confess my in-
abi'ity to understand upon what principle this
can be justified. It cannot be that it rests uoon
any principle of justice, and I am therefore forced
to the conclusion, that the facts have never been
brought !o the attention of Congress or the coun-
try, or this outrageous inequality would have been
coirected years ago.
Hut some gentlemen may object to the proposed
b'!!, upon the ground that the salaries of other
judges ar<' not equalized,and that legislation,such
,ix is now pioposed, is special m its chaiacterand
olijcct. Such an ol jectinn is, m my view, without
fort e,and is not entitled to the slightest weight in the -
consideration and decision of tins question. If 1
have succeeded in showing the inadequacy of the
salary, it follows nei es&anly that it ought to be
increased. Tf I have shown that the compensa-
t'on now paid to the joiige for his services, is not
a j"s t equivalent foi the time and labor which he
devotes to the judicial business of the district,
i then it follows that the compensation should be
Hivipnenfeu, (f 1 have made out such, a case as
op  eals to Congress, and will justify relief, the
next question that arises is as to the mode in
which that relief shall be granted to this judicial
officer. We have waited year after year for the
action of Congress in the equalization of judicial
stlaries, but no such im-isure has as yet been
brought to the attention of either House, in a
pra.ct.cal shape. I have no reason now to sup-
poseiii.u. any such measm e will be proposed at
the present se^v-.ioi', at least. 1 have no alterna-
tive, theiefore, but to pies-: upon the aitentionof
the Howse toe bill that has passed the Senate, and
urge its favorable consideration here. The mode
proposed is by no mear.s unusual. It has been
ado,lied on many orca.Mons in the history of our
legislation. Indeed, special acts have uniformly
been resoued to, as the on'y me^ns of remedying
siu'b evil* as aie now complained of. It is suffi-
cient ror inv purpose on this point, to refer to our
le;r!4'at:on in 1845, when the salaries of the jud^fo
of Ohlrs Missouri, Illinois, Indiana, and Florida
wei e iiM reased, wiihont even no allegation (so far
as I am advised) that their districts had aeen ter-
ritorially eiilargid, or that their travel had been
increased, or that the number of their courts
multiplied, o>- lint additional duties or labors were
:mpoi>"d upon she judges by the acts increasing
the.!- compensanon. I am, therefore, furnished
with a p-'cedent that coveis the whole ground I
runvou'ipv, in ptef-cntin^r the application of the-
judge of the western district of Virginia for in*
created <-ompenpation.
At the time the western judicial district "was
