1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
633
directions of tlie Post Office Department, and for such prices
as Congress may by law direct; and all the provisions of
the s.ud act for aiding in the coustiuetion ot the raihoad
fiom Chicago to Mobile, so tar as the same can be made
applicable, are hereby extended and applied lo alTrailroads
made wholly, or in patt, by means of land hereby granted.
The amouut to winch each of the said last mentioned States
shall be entitled to be determined by the Commissioner of
Public Land:*, in conformity with this act, and located under
such legulations as he may prescribe; but no State shall
lot-ate any of the lands hereby granted within the limits of
any other State without its consent: Provided, The lands
hereby granted, shall be used to construct or aid in con-
structing railroads, and shall not be sold for highei* prices
than the United States lands are sold, and so much as re-
mains undisposed of for more than ten years after the same
has been located, shall reveit to the United States.
Sec. 9. Jind be it further enacted, That die amount of
lands granted to the State of Missouri by this act, to aid in
the cou'st'uction of the railroads mentioned in the fust sec-
tion thereof, shall be deducted from the amount to which
the State of Missoun shall be entitled under the sec-
tion of this act.
The SPEAKER. There is a motion pending
to commit the bill to the Committee of the Whole
House on the state of the Union, and it is not in
order either to amend the bill, or to commit it to any
other committee, until the vote is taken upon the
pending motion to commit.
Mr. BENNETT. I did not suppose that my
motion would be in order until the pending motion
shall have been disposed of. But cannot the mo-
tion be entertained and decided after the pending
motion has been voted upon ?
The SPEAKER. It cannot.
Mr. BENNETT. Then I give notice that I
intend to submit^uch a motion.
Mr. Speaker, 1 entertain some views upon this \\
subject differing somewhat from those which have
been presented to the House. In regard to this bill,
it will be temarked that it is only one, and the first i
of a series of bills, to be hereafter introduced, of a
similar character. This is the first of the railroad
bills. There have been presented to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands probably some thirty bills for
their consideration, of a like character with this:
and from this number some thirteen or more are
to be reported upon favorably to this House. As
many more have been presented in the Senate and
are under consideration. If these bills succeed,
they will make immense grants—amounting to
many millions of acres of the public domain—to
aid in the construction of railroads. There is no
State in which there are public lands but will ap-
ply for this aid for one or two or more roads. I
am not one of those who believe that grants of
this kind are unconstitutional. .Neither do I think
that an open question. If anything can be settled
by the action of the Government, that question is
settled; because it has been the practice of the
Government, for thirty years, to grant these lands
to the several States for the construction of roads
and canals; so that the whole argument of the gen-
tleman who last but one addressed the committee i
on this subject, [Mr. Orr,] to show the constitu-
tionality of it, it seems to me, was to prove a point
decided. This is no objection to me. I believe it
is constitutional to make these giants; and I be-
lieve that that question has been settled by the
action of the Government, by every Congress, and
by the decisions of the courts.
But in justice, some provisions should be made
for the old States, also, out of these public lands;
and it is to that I wish to call the attention of the
House upon thiskoccasion. It is not known gen-
erally what the amounts of these grants are, and
I have taken some pains to ascertain how much
has already been granted to the new States and
to the Territories. For that purpose 1 have an
official statement from the Land Office, which
shows that there has been granted to the land
States—some twelve in number—for all purposes,
and to the Territories, 84,000,000 and over of the
public lands. There has been granted to a part of
these States, as follows:
'* Ohio  2,273,858.77 acres.
Indiana  3,267,460 61 " !
* Illinois 5,584,167.94 " J
Missouri  3,242,627.00 " ..
Alabama  2,094,284.00 " '
Mississippi 4,151,01100 " j
Louisiana 10,210,122 58 "
Michigan  6.170,866.00 " jj
Arkansas   6,250,813.00 " .
Florida 2,022,993.00 "
Iowa  2.713,955.22 "
Wisconsin 3,128,799.00 "
Tennessee . «... 3,353,824.00 " fj
California  500,000.00 acres.
MinnesotaTerritory  2.997,191.00 "
Oregon Territory 12,186,978.00 "
New Mexico  7,493,12X00 "
Utah 6,681,707.00 "
Total 84,222,184.12 "
And there have been sold of the public lands
only one hundred and one millions and some odd
acres. So that there has been actually given away,
by grants to the new States and to the Territories,
an amount of the public domain equal to all that
has been sold for the public benefit, less only by
about 16,000,000 of acres. This fact ought to be
borne in mind. So far as lands are sold, and the
proceeds thereof paid into the Treasury of the
united States, they are disposed of for the* benefit
of all the States.
New York was-.the first State that ceded her
lands to the General Government, and in her ces-
sion thereof she expressly asserted that it was to
place them as " a common fund to defray the ex-
penses of the war." Virginia, North Carolina,
Soutii Carolina, and Geoigia, made similar ces-
sions, and in every one of them it was expressed
that the lands thus ceded were to be used for the
" common benefit" of all the States.
What is the practical effect of these grants?
The practical elTect, and the claim here set up is,
that as far as the lands are granted to the States,
they belong exclusively to the twelve land Slates,
and you may go on granting as much as you
choose; and yet the old States have no right to
share in these grants. My opinion may be very
dilferent from that of other gentlemen here, but
my opinion is, that it is not justice to the old
States to grant so much land to the Western States.
1 claim for the old States only justice, and I am
willing to do justice and to be generous to the
Western States. I do not want to be unjust or
ungenerous to them. 1 do insist, however, that
while large gran is are made to them for railroad
purposes, the old States have a right to ask grants
for the same purpose, to some extent at least. A nd
it is as right for the one as for the other. We
have but one Constitution, and all the States are
upon an equal footing by the Constitution and
the laws, and these lands are the common prop-
erty of all the States. I should like to know how
one or a dozen of these States are constitutionally
entitled to these grants, and yet it is unconstitu-
tional to make them to the others? Upon what
principle is it ? If it is right to grant lands for one
road, it is right to make grants for another.
There is an ingenious aigument used here, which
1 shall notice. It is this:*Vou have no light to
ask these grants for the old States. Why? Be-
cause the western States double the\alueof the
alternate sections on each side of the road, and
therefore you have no right to ask these lands for
the old States, for they cannot do that. If gen-
tlemen will look into these railroad bills, they will
find that the roads proposed for the purpose of
getting their sections have a range of thirty miles
—fifteen on each side of the road—to locate their
sections upon. Every one knows that railroads
are not made where there are no settlements.
They are constructed for business ptu poses be-
tween settlements, und villages, and cities. They
are usually made through the most settled parts
of the country, and consequently will pass through
lands located and settled. For this reason it is
that they must have thirty miles in width from
which to make their selection,morder to get their
lands, which they are to take m alternate sections.
How is it with the other sections left lor the Gov-
ernment? By the law they are doubled for only
six miles on each side of the load, making in all
twelve miles; therefore less than one half as
much laud as is granted to the roads is doubled in
price in point of fact. Only the land lying in a
strip two fifths as wide as is granted to the roads
from which to make their selection, is doubled in
price to the Government This two fifths lying
along the road is the part most thickly settled, and
on which, therefore, will be found the least land
m proportion for the load. I believe it may be
safely said that these road bills will not double the
price of one half as much land as is granted to
the roads: and in addition to that, not one half
of the land doubled in puce will piobaLlv evtjr be
sold at that double puce.
Mr. DUNHAM, (interposing.) Mr. Speaker,
has not the morning hour expired? *, _
The SPEAKER. It has. J#
Mr. DUNHAM. I then move that the House
proceed to the business upon the Speaker's table.
[Cries of "No!" "No!" "Let him go on
with Ins speech!"]
Mr. CLEVELAND. This is the only argu-
ment that has been advanced upon the other side
of the question.
The question was taken, and, upon a division,
there were—ayes 45, noes not counted.
Mr. HOUS TON. I call for the yeas and nays.
It is important that the special order should be
disposed of.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. CLINGM AN called for tellers; which were
not ordered.
Mr. CLEVELAND. The gentleman from
New York says that it is immaterial to him
whether he proceeds now or waits until to-morrow
morning. He is willing to continue his remaika
on to-morrow, and I make this statement with the
object of preventing the unnecessary consumption
of time.
The question was again taken upon the motion
to proceed to the business upon the Speaker's
table; and, upon a division, there were—ayes 59,
noes 48—no quorum.
Mr. TAYLOR. It is very evident that the
House did not understand the question, and I
hope tellers may be ordered.
Mr. CABELL, of Florida. Tellers have been
refused.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I move for
a call of the House.
Mr. ORR. By unanimous consent I think tel-
lers may be ordered.
Mr. MARSHALL withdrew his motion for a
call.
There being no objection, tellers were ordered;
and Messrs. P. King and Fowler were appointed.
The question upon the motion to proceed to the
business upon the Speaker's table, was again
taken, and decided in the affirmative—the tellers
having reported—ayes 76, noes not counted.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that he
House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
kossuth's letter of thanks.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is on the motion to print the communication from
the President of the United States, transmitting a
letter of thanks from Louis Kossuth to the Gov-
ernment and Congress of the United S'ates, upon
which the gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Evans]
is entitled to the floor.
Mr. ANDREWS. Some two weeks since I
introduced to the House resolutions passed by the
Legislature of Maine. I intended then to have
submitted some remarks upon them, but had not
the opportunity. I would beg as a favor of the
gentleman from Maryland, that be will yield me -
the floor, that I may now present my views.
Mr. RVANS yielded for that purpose.
Mr. ANDREWS then addressed the House in
favor of the Maine resolutions and on the ques-
tion of intervention. His remarks will be found
in the Appendix.
Mr. A. havms concluded— '
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mary-
land [Mr. Events] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. DUNHAM. I hope now that the gentle-
man from Maryland will yield for a motion that
the House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. EVANS. If it is the desire of the House
that the consideration of the bounty land hill shall
be proceeded with, as I am indebted to my filends
for many favors, 1 will yield the floor until to-
morrow. In thus yielding, it is understood that I
still retain my right to the floor.
Mr. DUNHAM moved that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union; which motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Olds in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN. The special order before
the co.nmittee is joint resolution No. 1, explana-
tory of the act appsoved September 28, 1850,
granting bounty land to certain officers and sol-
