634
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
Feb. 25,
J
diere who have been in the military service of the
linked States,
When the committee rose on yesterday, the
question pending was the motion of the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Cartter] to amend the amend-
ment of his colleague, [Mr. Gaylord,] to strike
out the third section of the joint resolution, and to
insert in lieu thereof the fourth section of the Sen-
ate hill.
The amendment of Mr. Cartter was read, as
follows:
And it is further provided, That the persons entitled to
bounty land under the piovisions of this act, or of the act
to which this is an amendment, and who may be residents
of said Territory of Oregon at the date of the passage of
this act,"or who may hereafter become residents of said
Territory, shall be permitted to locate their warrants upon
any unclaimed lands in said Territory, and that upon such
survey and location patents shall -issue therefor, as m other
cus6s«
Upon this question tellers were ordered, and
Messrs. Hebard and Townshend appointed.
The question was taken upon the amendment of
Mr. Cartter, and it was disagreed to—the tellers
having reported—ayes 22, noes not counted.
The question then recurring upon the amend-
ment of Mr. Gaylord, to strike out the third sec-
tion, and in lieu thereof to insert the fourth section
of the Senate bill, it was put and agreed to.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in as an addition to the section that
has just been adopted:
And that the provisions of the fifth scction of the act of
July 19, 1848, granting three months' extra pay to the sol-
dieis and officeis of the Mexican war, be extended so as to
include the North Carohnia recruits, taken into the sei-
vice by Lieutenant James W. Tathani, and discharged at
Fort Moultrie, after nearly twelve months' service.
The CHAIRMAN. This is the same amend-
ment that was offered when we were in committee
upon the Senate bill. TheChairthinkstheamend-
ment is in order, but he feels constrained, in con-
sequence of the decision of the committee then
made, to rule it out of order.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I will beg leave to say that
this is a different bill from the other one. 1 then
thought the decision of the Chair was right, and I
hope the Chair will decide this question independ-
ently of that decision. The gentleman who at
that time took exception is now satisfied that it is
in order.
The CHAIRMAN. This is precisely a similar
amendment, and the Chair rules it out of order.
Does the gentleman take an appeal?
Mr. CLINGMAN. I do as a matter of form,
understanding that the objection has been with-
drawn.
The question was put, and the decision of the
Chair was overruled—ayes 35, noes not counted.
Mr. CLINGMAN. 1 beg leave to call the at-
tention of the committee, fora moment, to the pro-
visions of the law, which I wish to make applica-
ble to one company—a company who enlisted for
the Mexican war as volunteers. They were taken
from my district down to Fort Moultrie, and when
they arrived there, the Government did not sup-
pose that it was nec.essary to send them to Mexico,
but they were kept for about twelve months at that
point and discharged. They were placed in a cli-
mate which was as unpleasant to them as any to
be found in Mexico. They were extremely anx-
ious to go forward and serve in Mexico, but they
were denied that privilege, and regulars were sent
forward into Mexico in then-stead, while they weie
thus obliged to take their places ns a garrison. I
desire simply to read the provisions of the law,
which I thmlc the committee will see is clearly ap-
plicable to this case, and ought to be held by the
Department, to include them now:
Jin&bc it further enacted, That the officers, non commis-
sioned officers, musicians and privates engaged in the mili-
tary service of the United States, in the war with Mexico,
and who served out the time of their engagement, or may
have heen honorably discharged, &.C., shall be entitled to
receive three mouths' extra pay, provided this provison of
the 5th section shall only apply to those who have been in
actual service duung the war.
Now, the Secretary of War has decided that
those troops who did not get into Mexico are not
to receive the bounty. No one will pretend that
all troops engaged in Mexico were in actual bat-
tle. A great many of them had no opportunity
of engaging with the enemy. The only limitation
is, that they shall have been m the service of the
United States during the warwith Mexico. Sup-
pose Mexico had brought an armament to Port
Moultrie, as Great Britain did during the war of
the Revolution. "Why these troops stationed there
would have been in their proper place. When
men engage in the service of the United States
they obey the officers, and remain where they are
ordered to be placed while they are in such ser-
vice. It seems to me a narrow, straightened, ab-
surd, and most erroneous construction, to say that
those troops who did not get to Mexico—those
stationed upon our frontier, upon our sea-coast, or
upon the border of the Rio Grande—for a large
body of them were there—should be excluded from
the benefits of this bounty. 1 regard the case of
these persons, therefore, as "coming within the
equitable provisions of that act, as well as its plain
meaning. There is but one single company in
that situation to be included in my amendment,
and I hope the committee will adopt it. They are
desirous of being included among those entitled to
this bounty, and having received many letters on
this subject, I have felt that it was my duty to
make the motion, and I hope the committee will
adopt the amendment.
Mr. DUNHAM. What is the section ?
Mr. CLINGMAN. It is the fifth section of the
act approved July 19, 1848, and my motion is
so to amend the bill as to extend its provisions to
those individuals. I think the act ought to be
construed so as to embrace them without any fur-
ther provision. The Department does hot put that
construction upon it.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Cling-
man's amendment, and it was rejected.
Mr. BELL. I propose to amend the same sec-
tion by adding the following, viz:
That the provisions of the act entitled " An act granting
bounty land to ceitain officers and soldiers who have been
engaged m the military service of the United States," passed
September 28,1850, be and >re hereby intended to and for
the service ot any commissioned officer, musician, or pu-
vate, who engaged to serve for a definite or indefinite period
of tune, and actually did serve souic time, though less than
thirty days m any ot said wais enumerated in the first sec-
tion of said act, so as to allow to such peison or persons en-
titled thereto forty acres.
Mr. BELL. I have but a word or two to say
upon this amendment. If it should prevail, it
will relieve all those enumerated in the act of
1850, who actually served in war the length of
time they agreed to serve, or had served any
j length of time, although it was less than thirty days.
It is placed upon the same principle, so far as re-
gards that, embraced in the section referred to by
the honorable gentleman from North Carolina
[Mr. Clingman] in the Mexican bounty land bill.
There is in the law of 1850, a restriction to those
who shall have served thirty days. I know men
in the State of Ohio, who marched from near the
city of Cincinnati to Sandusky, and who were
discharged there. Their time was not counted,
although they actuaffy served from the time they
left home, and were recognized as being accepted
into the company until they were discharged at
Sandusky, from twenty-four, twenty-five, and
twenty six, and in one case twenty-nine days. I
know men in that region of country who were in
battle—volunteers—who ran risks and hazards
much more than those even who will draw one
hundred and sixty acres. This amendment recog-
nizes the smallest grade of service, and embraces
the principle of the law granting forty acres to
those who were engaged to serve and were honor-
ably discharged in the Mexican war. I might call
the attention of gentlemen from New York, Ver-
mont, and other Eastern States, to those who
: were engaged in battles upon Lakes Champlain
and Erie, and those who left their homes at the
first intelligence of hostilities, and marched to the
j battle-fields of Plattsburg, Chippeway, and Lun-
dy's Lane, and who did service in other short
campaigns. All I ask is, to vote for a provision
which will bring that class of men in the same
footing upon which you have placed the soldiers
who have served in the other wars; and I believe
this House will sanction that principle.
Mr. BELL demanded tellers upon his amend-
ment; which were not ordered.
I The question was then taken, and decided in
! the negative.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. EVANS. I propose the following amend-
ment as an additional section:
And be it further enacted, That one hundred and sixty
\ acrcs of laud be, and the same are hereby granted to every
: officer and soldier, whether of regulars, militia, or volun-
teeis, who may have been actually engaged in any action
or encounter with the enemy, in any of the wars specified
in the act approved September 28, 1850, without regard to
his length.of service •, or in case of the death of any sueh
soldier or officer, the warrant to he issued may be granted
to such person or persons as would be entitled under the
act of 1850, above mentioned, or any other act, as if this
cnactmeut had constituted a part thereof: Provided, That
nothing herein contained shall be so construed as to grant
more than one hundred and sixty acres of land to any per-
son who may already be entitled to it under the act above
mentioned for his services mimy"one war.
And.he U. further enacted, That the warrants of one hun-
dred and sixty.acres, so as above to be issued, shall be as-
signable.
And he it further enacted, That the act of September 28,
1850, is hereby extended to all naval officers, sailors, flotilla
men, and marine-, serving with land troops in cases where
they could not be.entitled to prize money.
Mr. E. said: I am aware that there are persons
upon the floor of this House, who think, because
this bill is just, it will be lost. I have, however,
abetter opinion of the judgment, and discretion,
and probity of members. There seem to be many
words contained in the additional section I have
offered, but the whole matter may be embraced in
a statement or two. The last section proposes to
give bounty land to those marines who served on
shore with the land troops, in cases where they
would not be entitled to prize money. I will give
the committee an illustration of the justice of such
a provision. In the war with Great Britain there
was a battle fought at a place called Bladensburg,
not a great way from this Capitol. It is a fact in
the knowledge of all those who pretend to know
anything of the history of their country, that every
body ran away from there except a few of the
flotilla men and marines, under Commodore Bar-
ney. Those who ran away h^e received or are
entitled to bounty land, but Barney and his men
got none. I know it has been heretofore a part of
the principle of those who were engaged in these
transactions, to reward the unmeritoriousand neg-
lect those who are really meritorious. I hope
that practice will be now abandoned. I hope, in
view of this great series of compromise land meas-
ures, that a little returning sense of justice will
actuate the members of the House, and that they
will see the necessity of putting this matter right.
The other section proposes also, that any man
who was actually in any battle or encounter with
the enemy of his country, no matter whether he had
served a month or not, shall receive bounty land
for his service. I take it for granted that gentle-
men will not attempt a contradiction of what I
say, that the man who has been actually engaged
in a serious encounter with the enemy, as some of
our gallant friends have been, only for a few
hours, is at least as deserving of bounty land as
those who ran away from Bladensburg, or dis-
graced themselves by surrender. He who has
been five years in the service of his country, and
performed garrison duty, is not more meritorious
than the soldier who has periled his life on the
battle-field. If the committee think otherwise, I
hope they will vote down my amendment. I hope
it will be made a test here, and before our constit-
uents, whether those who have really fought the
battle, whether those who came on shore and sus-
tained the brunt of action when others were run-
ning away, shall also have their reward; or whether
the undeserving and unmeritorious only, who ran
away, shall receive the bounty of this Government.
That is the question for the committee to deter-
mine now. I leave that question with them, con-
fiding in their sense of justice. I have a high
opinion of their probity, and do not believe they
will make this unjust distinction.
Mr. WALSH. I desire to say but a few words,
partly in support of the amendment and partly
against it.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will inform the
gentleman that he can say what he desires to say
against the amendment, but not that in favor of it.
Mr. WALSH. I understand that I have a
right, under the five minutes rule, to speak against
the amendment, and I oppose it for the reason tha|
I do not suppose it embraces Barney's flotilla men.
I should like to have them described by the proper
name. •
Mr. EVANS. What is it?
Mr. WALSH. They were seamen, and the
fact that they were seamen constitutes their claim
for compensation at the hands of this House. 1
will give you their history briefly. Commodore
Barney came into the city of Baltimore and vicin-
ity, and got sailors from the mercantile marine.
He put them on board of gun boats, and as the
enemy advanced he destroyed those boats to pre-
vent their falling into the hands of the British fleet.
