1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1547
PETITION.
The following petition was presented under the rule, and
referied to the appiopriate committee ;
By Mr. HOB IE : The petition of Andrew S. liart, dep-
uty postmaster at Belvidero, Alleghany county, New York,
for increase of compensation.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, June 10, 1852.
Prayer by the Rev. Littleton F. Morgan.
The PRESIDENTprotem. laidbeforethe Senate
a memorial of the officers of the volunteer compa-
nies in the District of Columbia, praying the aid
of Congress in the erection of an armory in a cen-
tral location in the city of Washington, for the
safe-keeping of the arms furnished them by Gov-
ernment, to be used in common by all the volun-
teer corps in that city; also, in the appointment of
an armorer, the memorialists proposing- to estab-
lish an efficient volunteer regiment,complete in all
its appointments, of eight hundred men; which
was referred to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs.
Mr. GWIN presented the petition of Mary
Woodward, widow of an officer of the United
States revenue service, who was drowned while
in the discharge of his duty, praying a pension;
which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
Mr. BRODHEAD presented a petition of citi-
zens of Beaver county, Pennsylvania, praying that
the hill now pending before Congress, commonly
known as the " homestead bill," may become a
law; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. SEWARD presented a resolution adopted
at a regular meeting of the Chamber of Commerce
of New York, in favor of an appropriation for the
removal of the bars at the mouth of the Missis-
sippi; which was ordered to be laid on the table.
A motion by Mr. Seward to print the resolu-
tion was referred to the Committee on Printing.
Also, resolutions of the Chamber of Commerce
of the city of New York approving of the memo-
rial addressed to Congress for the purpose of pro-
viding a cemetery for seamen. From the memorial,
it appears that a large number of that useful class
die m the city of New York every year; that up to
the present time, although provision has been made
by the United States Treasury Department for the
expense of conveying their bodies to the grave,
yet there has been no place provided for the inter-
ment of those seamen who die at the New York
hospital; and that they have been heretofore buried
in Potter's Field, in the city of New York, with
paupers and criminals, and in such a manner as is
revolting to the feelings. That a number of the
friends of seamen in that city, in ordei to rem-
edy this evil, have concluded arrangements for the
purchase of a proper plot of ground, in some one
of the large cemeteries near to that city, for the
perpetual use of seamen, and they therefore pray
Congress to grant them ^5,000 for that purpose.
The memorial is signed by the collector of the port
of New York, the president of the American Sea-
men's Friend Society, the President of the Board
of Underwriters, the president of the Marine So-
ciety, the president of the Chamber of Commerce,
and the president of the Board of Governors of
the New York hospital. It was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Also, a petition of S. L. Cole and others, pray- 1
ing that the bill now pending before Congress,
commonly known as the " homestead bill," may
become a law; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
Also, a petition of citizens of Ontario county,
New York, remonstrating against the renewal of
C. H. McCormick's patent for a reaping ma-
chine; which was ordered to be laid on the table.
Mr. CHASE presented a petition of citizens of
Ohio, praying that pensions and extra pay may
be allowed to private physicians employed for the
volunteers during the late war with Mexico. The
petitioners state that the force of the United States
employed against Mexico, was composed princi-
pally of volunteers from the different States of the
Union, the colonels of which force were instructed
to employ private physicians, agreeably to army
regulations, which was accordingly done. The
physicians so employed were subjected to great
labor in a sickly country, many were wounded in
action, and many more contracted lingering dis-
eases, returning to their homes with scant pay
and broken-down constitutions for their reward.
They cannot,under the*existing laws,avail them-
selves of the benefit of pensions or extui pay, not
having in the Army. The petitioners therefore
pray that a remedy be provided by Congress, and
that worthy cases may receive the benefits of the
invalid pension laws, and the laws regulating ex-
tra pay now m force. The petition was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
Also, a petition of citizens of West Carlisle,
Ohio, praying the adoption of measures tor the
amicable adjustment of international controversies;
which was referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
Mr. CASS presented three petitions of citizens
of Michigan, praying that the bill now pending
before Congress, commonly called the 44 home-
stead bill," may become a law: which were re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Also, a petition of the present and late officers
of the land office at Ionia, Iowa, praying to be al-
lowed compensation for locating military bounty
land warrants; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
Mr. ATCHISON presented a memorial of the
Legislature of Missouri, praying th<U William
Waldo may be remunerated for lus services anil
expenses in affording relief to overland emigrants
to California; which was refeired to the Commit-
tee on Claims.
Mr. SUMNER presented the petition of Fred-
erick Parsons, praying to be allowed bounty land
for services during the last war with Great Britain;
which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
Mr. MASON presented the memorial of Sarah
A. Huntt and Ann M. Bonnycastle, praying the
payment of Texas bonds, of which they are the
holders; which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. PRATT presented the memorial of Francis
Meyer, praying a levision of the decision of the
Board of Commissioners appointed for the settle-
ment of claims of American citizens against Mex-
ico, in his case; which was refeired to the select
committee appointed on the subject.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I present the memorial
of the widow of Captain A. Divine, deceased, for-
merly of the Fifth Regiment of Infantry, asking
for a pension. The circumstances of the case are I
peculiar. Her husband was tried by a court-mar- j
tial on a charge of drunkenness whiieon duty, and [
cashiered. In consequence of that sentence she i
has been deprived of a pension. It is proved very |
clearly, by testimony contained in the memorial, j
that her husband died of patalysis, produced by i
haidship and exposure ill the destructive climate
of the liio Grande, and the widow hopes that jus-
tice will be done to his memory by some suitable
provision for his widow and children, which shall
recognize his proper rank in the Army. I ask
that it be referred to the Committee on Pensions.
It was so referred. I!
The PllliSIDENT pro tempore laid before the |j
Senate a communication from theSecretary of War, T
correcting a clerical enur in his communication of!
May 3d. in answer to a resolution passed April !i
21st, containing a statement received from the j!
Governor of New Mexico, of salaries due to civil jj
officers of that Territory while it was under aij
military government. In that communication it j!
was stated that, of the whole amount, §30,603 67, Ij
claimed from the United States, the sum of $12,- j|
098 64 was due to the treasury of the Territory, r
for so much paid to those officers; whereas the ij
whole amount of §36,603 G7, according to the I1
statement, is due to the officers themselves. !|
The communication "Was ordeied to be printed j
in connection with the report of the Secretary of
War communicated to the Senate the 5th instant. |!
BILLS PASSED. I
The engrossed bill to amend an act entitled!,
"An act to promote the progress of useful arts, !■
and to repeal all acts and parts of acts heretofore j:
made for that purpose," approved July 4, J836; M
and also "An act to provide additional examiners
in the Patent Office, and for other purposes," ap-
proved May 27, 1848, were read a third time and
passed.
CATLINGS INDIAN SCENES. l'
Mr. SEWARD. If there be no objections I ]',
hope the Senate will take up a resolution which 1 ij
offered the other day. It is merely a resolution of
inquiry, relative to the propriety of purchasing
Mr. Greorge Catlm's collection of pictures and
Indian curiosities.
The resolution was accordingly taken up and
read, as follows:
" Resolved, That the Committee on the Library be re-
quested to inquire into the expediency of repoi tmg a bill
for the putcha<e of Mr. George (.'.ulin's Indian Scenes and
Poilraits, winch are m dangei of being sold and lost to this
coimay.''
Mr. SEWARD. I will not say one word in
favor of the object of the resolution, but barely
state that I have consulted with some members of
the Senate on the subject, and have ascertained
that it would be more acceptable to refer this in-
quiry to the Committee on Indian Affairs. I think
it would be more appropriate that the resolution
should have that reference, and therefore I move
to amend it, by striking- out the reference to the
"Committee on the Library," and inserting the
" Committee on Indian Affairs."
The PRESIDENT. The resolution will be so
modified, if such is the pleasure of the Senate.
The Chair hears no objection, and the resolution
will be so modified.
Mr. BRADBURY. It occurs to me that this
resolution ought to go to the Committee on the
Library. If there is no choice in the matter, it
seems to me that a resolution of this kind ought
to g;o to that committee. They have various sub-
jects of a similar kind before them, and there
would seem to be no particular reason why they
should not be called upon to consider this one
also.
Mr. SEWARD. I will only say, in reply to
the honorable Senator from Maine, that the sug-
gestion to make this alteration came from the
Committee on the Library, who are taxed with
other inquiries; and i believe, also, that the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs are prepared to take it up
and examine it, and decide upon the value of the
collection.
Mr. BRADBURY. It occurs to me that the
Committee on the Library, having other objects
of the same character before them, will be better
prepared to report upon this matter. They will
know much better what are the wants of the Li-
brary, and what other works of the same kind
they propose to purchase. If we were to refer to
the Committee on the Judiciary all propositions?
to purchase law books, and to the Committee on
Public Lands propositions to purchase all hooks
on that subject, our Libiary would be probably
filled with a greater collection than we need. It
seems to me, therefore, that this question should
with great propriety be referred to the Committee
on the Library.
Mr. PEARCE. I hope the resolution will be
adopted as it is. The subject is one that, I think,
does not properly belong to the Committee on the
Library. That committee is charged with the pur-
chase and collection of hooks, but not of curios-
ities, which, if purchased, would not be placed in
the Library. I know that the Committee on the
Library are desirous that this reference should be
made to the Indian Committee. We are already
overburdened with work. It is but too frequently
the case, that subjects which do not properly be-
long to them, as in the present instance, are sad-
dled on the Library Committee.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. As 1 understand that res-
olution , it does not relate to a matter which should
go to the Committee on Indian Affaiis. 3 think
the proposition does not admit of question, that
the Committee on the Library is the proper com-
mittee to which it should be referred. It is true
that it does not relate to the purchase of books, or
to a subject which technically is exactly appro-
priate to the business of the Committee on the
Library; but it is evidently entirely foreign to those
subjects which usually come before the Committee
on Indian A flaiis. They merely have to deal with
matters relating to Indian appropriations, and to
legislation for the purposn of carrying out the ad-
ministration of the Indian Department. The mere
fact that a gallery of portraits of Indian chiefs has
been collected, with which it is perhaps desired to
en rich the gallery of the Smithsonian Institution, or
that of the Patent Office, constitutes no reason for
referring; the resolution to the Committee on In-
dian Affairs. Although the resolution does not
relate to a collection of books, yet by analogy, the
purchase of a collection of portraits, connects itself
