1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2411
Mr. VENABLE. I demand the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MOREHEAD. If the rules besuspended,
what will become of the amendments of the Sen-
ate?
The SPEAKER. They will be acted upon at
the pleasure of the House.
Mr. MOREHEAD. Will the previous ques-
tion be applied to them ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot anticipate
the action of the House.
The question was then taken, and the motion
was agreed to—yeas 115, nays 55; as follows:
YEAS—-Messrs. Allison, William Appleton, Babcock,
Barrere, Bennett, Bibighaus, Bissell, Bowie, Bowne, John
H. Bovd, Brenton, Brians, Geoige H. Brown, Buell, Bur-
rows. E. Carnngton Cabell, Caldwell, Thompson Campbell,
Critter, Chandler, Chapman, Conger, Curtis, George T.
Davis, Dean, Dockery, l)oty, Duncan, Durkee, Eastman,
Edgerton, Evans, Fitch, Florence, Fowler, Freeman, Henry
M. Fuller, Gaylord, Gentry, Goodenow, Goodrich, Green,
Harper. Hart, Haws, Hascall, Haven, Hebard, flcnn, Ilors-
ford, John W. Howe, Thomas Y. How, Ingersoll, Ives,
Jenkins, John Johnson, Robeit W. Johnson, George G.
King, Prp^ton King, Knhws, Kurtz, T.andrv, Loekhart,
Mann, Martin. McCorkle, Molonv, Henry D. Moore, John
Mooie, Moreliead, Murray, Newton, Outlaw, Samuel W.
Parker, Penn, Pennnnan, Perkins, Porter, Price, Reed,
Richaidson, Kiddle, Bobbins, Robie, Sackett, Schermer-
horn, Schoolcraft, Schoonmakor, Scudder, David L. Sey-
mour, Skelton, Snow, Stanly, Benjamin Stanton, Abraham
P. Stephens, St. Mai tin, St* other, Stuart, Sutherland, Tay-
lor, 1 hompson, Thurston, Townshend, Tuck, Venable,
Walbridge, Walsh, Ward, Washburn, Watkms, Welch,
Wells, Addison White, and Yates—115.
NAYS—Messrs. Averett, Thomas H. Bayly, Albert G.
Brown, Joseph Cable, Oaskie, Chastain,Clark, Cleveland,
Clinginan, Cobb, Colcock, Daniel, John G. Davis, Dawson,
Dimmick, Disney, Dunham, Edmundson, Fiekhn, Oil-
more, Gorman, Hall, Hamilton, Hammond, lsham G. Har-
ris, Sampson W. Harris, Hendricks, Hibb*rd, Holladay,
Houston, Jackson, George W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones,
Letcher, Mason, McLanahan, McMulhn, McNair, Mc-
Queen, Meade, Millson, Morrison, Murphy, Orr, Andrew
Parker, Pea-lee, Phelps, Polk, Powell, Savage, Smith,
Stone, Wallace, Wilcox, Wildrick,and Woodward—55.
So the motion to suspend was agreed to, there
being two thirds voting; in the affirmative.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. Is the bill
now before the House for discussion?
The SPEAKER. It is. The immediate ques-
tion pending is the motion to commit made by the
gentleman.
Mr. SEYMOUR. I withdraw that motion.
The SPEAKER. The question now recurs
upon the amendments of the Senate.
Mr. SEYMOUR. At this late hour, Mr.
Speaker, I presume I shall be trespassing upon
the patience of the House too far to go into a dis-
cussion of the particular amendments which have
been proposed to this bill by the Senate; but an-
other reason why I am disposed to forego the
privilege which I might otherwise wish to enjoy,
of a discussion upon these amendments, is that
the greater portion of them are identical with those
which have been heretofore proposed and dis-
cussed in the Committee of the Whole. There
are, however, a few other amendments which have
been voted to this bill by the Senate, and I should
like to discuss them, but will not because they are
questions upon which the public mind of the coun-
try is informed, and upon which, I presume, every
gentleman in this House will be prepared to give
an intelligent vote. I therefore shall move the
previous question upon the amendments, and ask
that a separate vote shall be had upon each one of
them.
The call forthe previous question was seconded.
Mr. HALL. As I was absent when this bill
was passed, and desire my vote to be upon the
record, \ move that it be laid upon the table.
Mr. CARTTER. I demand the yeas and nays.
I desire to give others the same opportunity.
Mr. HENN. I would ask the gentleman to
withdraw the call for the yeas and nays.
Mr CARTTER,. I want an opportunity to
record my vote upon that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Here a message was received from the Senate,
by the hands of Asbury Dickins, Esq., its Sec-
retary, notifying the House of the concurrence
of that body in some and disagreement in the
other amendments of the House to the Indian
appropriation bill, and requesting that a committee
of conference be appointed by the House to meet
with that of the Senate upon the disagreeing
votes.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that the
request of the Senate, for the appointment of a
committee of conferenceon the partof the House,
be agreed to.
The motion was agreed to, and the Speaker
appointed Messrs. Jones of Tennessee, Conger,
and Hibbard, on the part of the House.
The question was then taken on the motion to
lay the bill upon the table, and it w&s disagreed
to—yeas 56, nays 102; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Willis Allen, Averett, Thomas
H. Bayly, Biagg, AlbertG. Biovvn, Caskie, Chastain, Cleve-
land, Cobb, Colcoek, Daniel, John G. Davis, Dimmick,
Dunham, Edmundson, Fiekhn, Freeman, Gilmore, Gor-
man, Hall, Hamilton, Hammond, lsham G. Hams, Samp-
son W. Harris, Hart, Hendricks, Hibbard, Holladay, Hous-
ton, Howard, Jackson, George W. Jones, J. Glaney Jones,
Kurtz, Letcher, Mason, McLanahan, McMullin, McNair,
Meade, Millson, Moui>on, Muiphy, On, Andrew Pailcei,
Pea^lee, Phelps, Powell, Savage, Smith, Richard If. Stan-
ton, Wallace, Wilcox, YVildrick, and Woodward—56.
NAYS—Messrs. Chailes Allen, Allison, William Apple-
ton, Babcock, Barrere, Bibighaus, Bissell, Bowie, Bowne,
John H. Boyd, Brenton, Bnggs. George H. Brown, Buell,
Burrows, E. Carringion Cabell, Joseph Cable, Caldwell,
Lewis 1>. Campbell, Thompson Campbell, Cartter, Chand-
ler, Chapman, Clark, Conger, Cuitis, George T. Davis,
Dawson, Disney, Dockery, Doty, Duncan, Durkee, East-
man, Edgerton, Evans, Ewmg,'Fitch, Florence, Fowler,
Henry M. Fuller, Gaylord, Gentry, Goodenow, Goodrich,
Green, Harper, llaws, Ilaseall, Haven, Hebard, Henn,
Horsford, John W. Howe, Thomas Y. How, lngeisoll,
Ives, Jenkms, John Johnson, Daniel T. Jones, George G.
King, Proston King, Kuhns, Landry, Loekhart, Mann,
Martin, Moiony, Henry D, Moore, John Moore, Moreliead,
Muriay, Newton, Outlaw, Samuel W. Parker, Penn, Pen-
nnnan, Pei kins, Porter, Price, Ileed, Richardson, Riddle,
Robbms, liobie, Schermerhorn, Schoolcraft, Schoonmaker,
Scudder, David L. Seymour, Ongen S. Seymour, Skelton,
Snow, Stanly, Benjamin Stanton, Abraham P. Stephens,
St. Martin, Stuart, T.'ylor, Thompson, Thurston, Towns-
hend, Tuck, Walbndge, Walsh, Ward, Washburn, Wat-
kins, Welch, Wells, Addison Wlute, and Yates—112.
The main question was then ordered to be put.
The question then recurred upon the adoption
of the Senate's amendments.
The Clerk read the first amendment, as follows;
Strike out the following:
" For the impioveinent of the navigation of the Missis-
sippi below the rapids; the Ohio, including the repair-; of
the dam at Cumberland Island; the Missouri and the Ar-
kansas rivers, $260,000;"
—and in lieu thereof insert the following:
"For the imptovenient of the navigation of the Missis-
sippi river below the rapids, $90,000 ; the Ohio, including
the repairs of the dam at Cumberland Island, $90,000; the
Missouri and the Aikansas rivers, each $40,000; and lor
the construction and repair of snag-boats, dredge-boats,
and discharging scows, and machinery to be used on the
Mississippi, Ohio, Missouri, Arkansas, and other western
rivers, $150,000."
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. I demand the yeas
and nays upon the amendment.
Mr. BUELL. I call for tellers on the yeas and
nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Venable
and Hamilton were appointed.
The House was then divided, and the tellers
reported—ayes 31; a sufficient number.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was agreed to—yeas 109, nays 5G; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Charles Allen, Allison, William Apple-
ton, Babcock, Ban ere, Bibighaus, Bis&ell, Bowie, John H.
Boyd, Breckinridge, Brenton, Briggs, George II. Brown,
Buirows, E. Carnngton Cabell, Joseph Cable, Lewis D.
Campbell, Thompson Campbell, Carlter, Chandler, Chap-
man, Clmrchwcll, Clark, Clirigman, Conger, Geoigc T.
Davis, John G. Davis, Dawson, Dean, Disney, Dockery,
Doty, Duncan, Dunham, Durkee, Eastman, Edgerton,
Fickhn, Fitch, Florence, Fowler, Freeman, Henry M.
Fuller, Gaylord, Goodenow, Goodrich, Gorman, (ireen,
Harper, Haws, Hascall, Haven, Ilebard, Hendricks, Henri,
Hor&foid, John W. Howe, Thomas Y. How, John John-
son, Robert W. Johnson, Gcoige G. Knnr, Kuhn-, Landry,
Loekhart, Mann, Mai tin. Mason, Moiony, flenrv 0. Moore,
John Moore, Moreliead, Newton, Outlaw, Samuel W.
Parker, Penn, Perkins, Phelps, Porter, Puce, lleed, Rich-
ardson, Schcinierhorn, SchooleraJt, Schoonmaker, Scud-
der, David Ji. Sejmour,Oncen S. vScymour, Snow, iStanly, |
Benjamin Stanton, Abraham P. Stephens, Thaddcus St'e- !
vens, rit. Maitm. Strothei, Sweetscr, Taylor, Thompson,
Tlmibton, Townshend, Walhndge, Walsh, Ward, YVash- j
burn. Watkins, Welch, Wells, Addison White, and Yates 1
—109. j
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Willis Allen, Averett, Thomas j
H. Bayly, Bocock, Bragg, Buell, Caldwell, Chastain, Cobb, j
1 Colcock, Curtis, Daniel, Dunmick, Edmundson, Floyd, i
Gilmoie, Hall, Hamilton, Hammond, Ishatn G. Harris, j
Mart, Hibbard, Holladay, Houston, lngcrsoll, Ives, Jack- !
son, Jenkins, Daniel T. Jones, George W. Jones, J. Clancy j
; Jones, Preston King, Kurtz, Letcher, McCorkle, McLan- j
ahan, McMulhn, McNair, McCiuecn, Million, Moirison, j
Murphy, Murray, Orr, Andrew Parkei, Peaslce, Powell, 1
Robbms, Robie, Skelton, Smith, Stuart, Venable, Wallace, j
and Wilduck—56. j
The following section in the bill was read, viz: j
" For the improvement of the Des Moines rapids, in the I
Mi«si>stppi river, at the lower chain and the English chain, '
$50,000   * j
The second amendment of the Senate was then j
read, as follows: 1
Insert after the words " of the,** in the above clause, the
words t( Bock River rapids and the," so that the section as
amended will read, as loliows :
" For the improvement of the Rock River rapids and the
Des Moines rapids, in the Mississippi river, at the lower
chain and the English chain, $100,000."
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. It only in-
creases the appropriation $50,000.
The questioft was then taken, and the amend-
ment was agreed to.
The following section of the bill was then read:
" For opening a ship channel, of sufficient capacity to
accommodate the wants of commerce, through the most
convenient pass leading from the Mississippi river into the
Gulf of Mexico, $75,000. And it shall be the duty of the
Secretary of War to apply said moneys to the opening of said
channel by contract, and at an early day in tliencxtsession
of Congress [to report said contract, the progress of said
work, and an estimate of the annual cost of keeping said
channel open.]"
The third amendment of the Senate proposes to
strike from the above clause the words in brack-
ets, and to insert in lieu thereof the following:
" 7'o report the progress of the work, the amount neces-
sary to complete it, and an estimate of the animal cost of
keeping *aid channel open, and any contract made shall be
limited to the amount hereby appropriated."
So that it will read when amended, as follows:
" For opening a ship channcl of sufficient capacity to ac-
commodate the wants of commerce, through the most con-
venient pa-<s leading from the Mississippi riverinfo the Gulf
of Mexico, .$75,000. And it shall bo the duty of the Secre-
tary of War to apply said moneys to the opening of said
ship channel by contract, and at an early day in the next
session of Congress, ieport the progress of the work, the
amount necessary to complete it, and an estimate of the
annual costot keeping said channel open, and any contract
made shall be limited to the amount hereby appropriated."
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment, and it was agreed to.
The following clause of the original bill was read:
" For removing the raft of Red river, $50,000."
The fourth amendment of the Senate proposes
to strike out " $50,000," and insert in lieu thereof
" $100,000," and after the word " dollars" to add
the following:
l( And the Secretary of War bo authorized to contract
with the lowest responsible bidder, within this appropria-
tion, for the removal of said raft, after giving public notice."
The section as amended by the Senate will then
read:
" For removing the raft of Red river, ,$100,000, and the
Secretary of War be authorized to contract with the lowest
responsible bidder, within this appropriation, for the re-
moval of said raft, after giving reasonable public notice."
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York, demanded the
yeas and nays on the adoption of this amendment.
Mr. HART demanded tellers on the yeas and
nays; which were ordered; and Messrs. Hart
and Robbins were appointed; and the House being
divided, the tellers reported that there were—ayes
29—deemed to be a sufficient number.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken, and there were—
yeas 90, nays 65; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Charles Allen, William Appleton, Bab
cock, Barrere, Bowie, Bienton, Briggs, George H. Brown,
Burrows, E.Carnngton Cabell,Lewis D. Campbell, Carttcr,
Oharidlci, Chapman, Claik, Clinginan, Geoigc T. Davis,
JohnG. Davis. Disney, Dockerv, Doty, Duncan, Dunham,
Durkee, Eastman, Fitch, Florence, Fowler, Freeman,
Henry M. Fuller, Gaylord, Gentry, Goodenow, Goodiich,
Gorman, Gieen, Harper, Hampton W Hams, Haws, Has-
call, Haven, Hebard, Henn, Horsford, Howard, John W.
HovvCj T. Y. How, John Johnson, It. W. Johnson, G. G.
King, Jtuhns, Landry, Lockhait, Martin, McCorkle, Moio-
ny, Homy D. Moore, John Moore, Morehead, Newton, Out-
law, Samuel W. Parker. I'ennnnan, Porter, Price, Rood,
Richardson, Sackett. tfavaye, Schermeihoiu, Schoolcraft,
Schoonmaker, Scuddor, Stanly. Benjamin Stanton, Thnd-
dens Hteveu<, St. Maitin, Sweeter, Taylor, Benjamin
Thompson, Townshend, Tuck, Walbndge, Walsh, Ward,
Watkins, Welch, Wells, Addi-on White, and Yates—00.
NAYS—Messrs. Willis Allen, Ashe, Averett, Bibighaus,
Bocock, Bragg, Breckinridge, Buell, Joseph Cable, Cald-
well, Thompson Campbell, Ca-kie, Cha-uun, Cleveland,
Cobb, Colcoek, Curtis, Daniel. Dawson, Dean, Dunmick,
Edgerton, Edmundson, Floyd, Gihnoie, flail, Hamilton,
lsham G. Ilai us, Hart, Hendricks, Holladay, Houston, fn-
geisoll, lvc*>, Jackson, Jenkins, J. Glaney Jones, Preston
King, Kurtz, Letcher, Mann, Ma^on, McLanahan, McMul-
hn, McNair, Millson, Morrison, Mm ray, On, Andrew Par-
ker. Peaslee, Perkins, Powell, Robbing Robie, David L.
Seymour, Ongen S Seymour, Skelton, Richard H. Stan-
ton, Abraham P. Stephens, Stuait, Thurston, Venable,
Wallace, and Wildrick—05.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The following clause of the original bill was
read, viz:
"Forthe further improvement of the harbor of New York,
by removing the rocks at Hell Gate, $20,000."
The fifth amendment of the Senate proposes to
insert, after the word " Gate," the words " and
