2412
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 28,
Diamond's Reef in the East river;" so that the
clause, if amended, will then read:
"For the fuither improvement of the harbor of New
York, by removing the rocks at Hell Gate and Diamond's
Reef, in the East river, $20,000."
The question was then taken on the amendment,
and it was agreed to.
The sixth amendment of the Senate proposes to
strike out the following:
" For the improvement of the channel at the mouth of
Cape Fear river, North Carolina, $8,000."
The question was taken, and the amendment
was agreed to.
The following clause of the bill was read:
" For continuing the improvement of the harbor of Mil-
wan kie, Wisconsin, $15,000."
The seventh amendment of the Senate proposes
to add, at the end of the above clause, the words,
" to be expended at the point on the Milwaukie
river known as the North Cut, surveyed by Lieu-
tenant Centre.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York, demanded the
yeas and nays upon agreeing to this amendment;
but they were not ordered.
Mr. SEYMOUR demanded tellers; which were
ordered; and Messrs. Goodenow and Hart were
appointed.
The question was then taken, and there were—
ayes 82, noes 35.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The following clause of the bill was read, viz:
" For continuing the improvement of the harbor of Mich-
igan City, Indiana, $20,000."
The eighth amendment of the Senate proposes
to insert after the word " Indiana," in the above,
the words 4< or the laying down a floating break-
water and safety anchorage, as the Secretary of
War may determine."
The question was put, and the amendment was
agreed to.
So the section as amended will read:
" For continuing the improvement of the harbor of Mich-
igan City, Indiana, or the laying down a floating break-
water and safety anchorage, as the Secretary of War may
determine, $20,000."
The following amendments of the Senate, in-
serting in the bill the clauses indicated below,
were severally read and agreed to, viz:
Qtli. " For a survey of the Rappahannock river, Virginia,
$3,000.
10th. " For a survey of Taunton river and New Bedford
hatboi, Ma?sachu>ett.«, ,$3,000.
llth. "For the improvement of Kennebec river, from
the (Jutted States arsenal wharf m Augusta, Maine, to
Lovejoy'h Narrow, .$6,000.
Jh2ih. " Foi a survey ot San Antonio river, Texas, .$1,500.
13th. " For the surveys of harbors at Sabine, Galveston,
Paso Cavallo, Velaseo, Brazos de Santiago, and Corpus
Chrisii, and the rivers Sabine, Brazos, and Trinity, Texas',
$5,090.
14th. " For repairing the public works at Little Egg har-
bor, New Jersey, *8,500.
15th. ££ For a survey of East Pascagoula river, Missis-
sippi, $5,000.
16th. " For a survey of Providence harbor, Rhode Island,
©1,500,"
The seventeenth amendment of the Senate was
then read:
" Insert in the bill the following, viz :
" For a survey and examination of the Falls of the Ohio
river, by aboaid of topographical and civil engineers, to be
appointed by the Secretary of War, to report upon the ex
pedicncy of an additional canal aiound said falls, and the
comparative co?t, advantages, and disadvantages of making
such additional canal on the Kentucky and Indiana shores
of said rwr respectively, and aho the cost, advantage, and
disadvantages of enlarging and extending the present canal
so a-* to avoid the rock? at Sandy Island, retaining the pres-
ent locks in their present condition, §5,000."
Mr. SEYMOUR demanded the yeas and nays
upon concurring in the amendment.
Mr. HART. I wouM like to inquire how often
has this been surveyed by the Government?
[Cries of ••Order'" "Order!"]
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Thequestion was then taken, and there were—
yeas 94, nays 62; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Charles Allen, Allison, William Apple-
ton, Babcock, Barrere, Bibighaus, Bowie, Breckinridge,
Brenton, Briggs, George JH. Brown, Burrows, E. Carrnig-
ton Cabell, Joseph Cable, Caldwell, Lewis D. Campbell,
Chandler, Chapman, Cobb, George T. Davi«, John G.
Davh, Disney, Rockery, Doty, Duncan, Dunham, Durkee,
Ea tman, Edgertori, Evans, Fitch, Florence,Fovvlei, Gay-
lord. Genjry, Goodenow. Goodrich, Gorman, Green, Har-
per, Haw*, Hawaii, Haven, Hebard, Hendricks, Ilenn,
Hoislord, John W. Howe, Thomas Y. How, John Johnson,
George G King, Killing Landiv, Loekhart, Mann, Mar-
tin, M win, Molony, Henry D. Moore, John Moore, More-
Imad, Newton, Outlaw, Samuel W. Parker, Pennnnan,
Perkins, Price, Reed, Saekett, Savage, Schermerhom,
Schoolcraft, Schoonmaker, Scudder, Stanly, Benjamin
Stanton, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Abra-
ham P. Stephens, Thaddeus Stevens, Sweeuer, Taylor,
Thompson, Townshend, Walbridge, Walsh, Ward, Wash-
i burn. Watkins, Welch, Wells, A. White, and Yates—94.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Willis Allen, Averett, Bissell,
Bragg, Albert G. Brown, Buell, Thompson Campbell, Cas-
kic, Chastain, Cleveland, Coicoek, Curtis, Dawson, Dean,
Dnnmick, Edmundson, Faulkner, Ficklin, Floyd, Gilmore,
Hall, Hamilton, Hammond, Ishara G. Harris, Sampson W.
Harris, Hart, Holladay, Houston, Howard, Inger&oll, Jack-
son, Jenkins, Daniel T. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Preston
King, Kurtz, Letcher, McLanahan, McMullin, fticQ-ueen,
Meade, Millson, Morrison, Murphy, Mtlrray, Orr, Andrew
Parker, Peaslee, Powell, Richardson, Robbins, Robie,
David L. Seymour, Origen S. Seymour,Skelton, St. Martin,
Stuart, Thurston, Wallace, Wildrick, and Woodward—62.
So the amendment was agreed to.
A message was here received from the Senate
by Mr. Dickins, its Secretary:
Mr. Speaker: The Senate have passed a bill of the House
of the following title, viz: II. R. No. 322, "An act in ad-
dition to an act to promote the progress of the useful arts,"
with sundry amendments, in which I am directed to ask tiie
concurrence of this House. The Senate have agreed to the
amendments of this House to the bill of the Senate (No. 223)
entitled "An act to amend an act entitled 'An act to provide
for the better security of the lives of passengers on board of
vessels propelled in whole or in part by steam, and for
other purposes.'"
On motion by Mr. CARTTER, by unanimous
consent,
Ordered, That the House concur in the amendments of
the Senate to the bill of the House (No. 322) entitled "An
act in addition to an act to promote the progress of the use-
ful aits."
Ordered, That the Clerk acquaint the Senate therewith.
Mr. WILDRICK, from the Committee on En- ■
rolled Bills, reported as correctly enrolled House j
bill No. 144, entitled "An act to amend the act en- \
titled * An act to reduce and modify therates of post- i
age in the United States, and for other purposes,'
passed 3d March, 1851," when the Speaker signed
the said bill.
The House then considered and agreed to the
several amendments of the Senate, inserting the
following clausse in the harbor bill, viz:
18th. " Foi the repair of thesea-vvall at Marbloliead, Mas-
sachusetts, $500.
19th. " For a survey of the harbor of Georgetown, South
Carolina,.§3,000.
20th. " For a survey of Shrewsbury river, New Jersey,
$1,500.
2lst. "For repairing the piers atKennebunk, Maine,
$7,500.
Q2d. " For abreakwateratOwlshead Harbor, or at Rock-
land Harbor, in Maine, as the Department of War shall de-
cide §15,000."
The twenty-third amendment of the Senate, in-
serting the following clause in the bill, was then
read, viz.:
"For the further removal of obstructions, and tile im-
provement of the harbor of Dubuque, $15,000."
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois, demanded the
yeas and nays upon concurring in this amend-
ment; which were ordered.
The question was then taken, and there were—
yeas 78, nays 76; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Charles Allen, William Appleton, Bab-
cock, Barrere, Bibighaus, Bowie, John H. Boyd, Btiggs,
George H. Brown, Burrows, E. Carrington Cabeli, Cald-
well, Lewis D. Campbell, Chandler, Chapman, Clark,
GeojgeT. Davis,Dockery, Doty, Duncan, Eastman,Evans,
: Florence, Fowler, Henry M. Fuller, Gentry, Goodenow,
Goodneh, Green, Grey, Harper, Haws, Ilascall, Haven,
Uebaul, Henri, Hor-tord, John W. Howe,Thomas Y. How,
Ingersoll, Robeit W. Johnson, Kuhns, Landry, Mann,
Martin, Henry D. Moore, John Moore, Morehoad, Newton,
Outlaw, Samuel W. Parker, Pennnnan, Porter, Puce,
Reed, Uobu , ftackett, Schermerhorn, Schoolcraft, Schoon-
maker, Stanly, Frederick P. Stanton, Thaddeus Stevens,
Strother, Stuart, Taylor, Thompson, Townshend, Tuck,
Walbridge, Walsh, Ward, Washburn, Watkins, Welch,
WolK Addison White, and Yates—78.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Willis Allen, Allison, Ashe,
! Averett, Bocock, Biagg, Breckinridge, Rrenton, Albert G.
! Brown, Buell, Joseph Cable, Thompson Campbell, Chas-
; tain, Clingman, Cobb, Coicoek, Curtis, Daniel, John G.
1 Davis, Dawson, Dean, Dimmiok, Disney, Dunham, Edger-
ton, Faulkner, Fitch, lloyd, Fieenian, Gaylord, Gilmore,
Gorman, Hamilton, Hammond, Isham G. Harris, Sampson
W. Harris, Henducks, Hibbard, Holladay, Houston, Ives,
Jackson, Jenkins, Ddmel T. Jones, George W. Jones, J.
Giancy Jone«, Preston King, Kurtz, Letcher, Loekhart,
Ma on, MeCorkle, McLanatian, McMullin, McNair, Mc-
Ciueen, Meade, Millson, Molony, Morrison, Murray, Orr,
Andiew Paiker, I'easlee, Powell, Richardson, Robbins,
David L.Seymour,Skelton,Abraham P.Stephens, Sweet-
ser, Thurston, Wallace, Wildnck, and Woodwaid—76.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STANLY. 1 move to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment was agreed to, and to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois. Upon that mo-
tion I call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I ask for tellers upon the
yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were not ordered; and the
question being put upon the latter motion it was
decided in the affirmative.
So the motion to reconsider was laid upon the
table.
Mr. JONES, ofTennessee. Several votes have
been taken upon the amendments to the bill while
I was absent upon the Committee of Conference,
and I desire that my name may be recorded in
the negative upon all of them.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I object.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The gentleman
cannot object. I have a right to have my votes
recorded.
The SPEAKER. The recollection of the Chair
is, that it is usual for gentlemen upon committees
of conference to have their votes recorded.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I rise to a ques-
tion of order, which I wish to submit to the Chair.
Mr. HIBBARD. I wish to make a statement
to the Chair. I am in the same situation as the
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,] having
been engaged upon a Committee of Conference;
and in consequence I have lost my votes, and 1
ask permission to have them recorded.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not recollect
very distinctly what has been the practice upon
that subject. The Chair knows that when a com-
mittee has leave of the House to sit during the-
sittings of the House, they have a right to record
their votes.
Mr. STANLY. No leave was given in this
case.
Mr. HIBBARD. I was absent on the Com-
mittee of Conference, and 1 request that my vote
may be recorded in the negative.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it will
require the consent of the House to record the
votes.
Mr. HIBBARD. Who objects?
Mr. STANLY. All of us here object.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Mr. Chairman, it
has been the universal practice of the House, when
gentlemen are absent, by order of the House, to
allow them to record their votes when they come
in. I have done so myself repeatedly when I
have been absent upon committees of enrollment,
and committees of conference. If this were not
allowed, you would not be able to procure any
member of this House to serve upon those com-
mittees, at a time when perhaps it is essentially
necessary.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I risetoaques-
tion of order. It is a question which, I believe, is
pertinent, and I will just state it to the House,
and it is this: Though it may have been usual to
do it in cases where it would not change the result,
yet the Chair must at once see that it cannot be
allowed in cases where the votes in those cases
would decide against the residue of the House,
and perhaps defeat the intention of the House, be-
cause other members would not have an opportu-
nity to change their votes.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that Un-
der the rules of the House the gentlemen have not
the right to vote.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Then I have to
say that I will serve on no more committees of
conference.
Mr, HOUSTON. I think the gentleman from
Arkansas misapprehended the point in this case.
The gentleman from Tennessee voted upon the last
amendment.
Mr. DUNCAN. I rise to call the gentleman
from Alabama to order. The question has been
decided and no appeal taken, and debate is there-
fore not in order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair certainly knows
of no rule that would authorize the gentlemen to
record their votes.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I appeal from that
decision, because it has been the universal practice
of the House, since I have been a member, to allow
votes to be recorded under such circumstances.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it has been
usual to allow members of committees sitting by
order of the House, to record their votes. But
it has been practice alone. There is certainly no
rule controlling the subject. The rule is very pos-
itive that those gentlemen who are not within the
bar when their names are called cannot vote. The
gentleman from Tennessee appeals from the de-
cision of the Chair.
