636
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 25,
of the committee for a few moments, they will be
able to see the propriety of it. . .
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides it out
of order. .
Mr. SACKETT. I can satisfy the chairman
that the amendment is in order, if I can have his
attention.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is not de-
batable.
Mr. HOWARD. 1 desire to offer a proviso to
the last section of the bill.
The proviso was then read, as follows:
Provided, That nothing in the first section of the act of
the twenty- eighth of September, eighteen hundred and fifty,
granting bounty land to certain officers and soldiers who
have been engaged in the military seivice of the United
States, shall be so construed as to exclude any commis-
sioned or non-commissioned officer, musician, or private,
whether of regulars, volunteers, rangers, or mihua, who
was mustered into the service of the United States for the
suppression or prevention of Indian hostilities, and served
the length of tune required by said act, or whose seivices
were subsequently recognized by the United States.
The CHAIRMAN. Has not this amendment
been once offered in the committee?
Mr. GAYLOftD. I would inquire if the fourth
section does not cover it?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks this
proposition has been voted upon already.
Mr. HOWARD. It is a distinct proposition.
The CHAIRMAN. The committee have acted
upon a similar proposition.
Mr. GAYLORD. There is a similar provision
in the fourth section of the Senate bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of the opin-
ion that it is out of order.
Mr. LANE. I desire to offer the following as
an additional section to the bill.
The amendment was then read, as follows:
And be it farther piovided, That all persons who arc en-
titled to a bounty of land foi services rendered, and who are
at this time residents of Oregon Territory, shall be entitled
and permitted to locate their warrant-* upon any unclaimed
laud-* in said Tenitory. and upon ?uch survey and location
patent shall -ssuu therefor as in other cases.
The CHAIRMAN. This amendment is so
nearly like the one voted upon already, that it is
out of order.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I move that
the committee rise and report the bill to the
House.
The question was then taken on the motion, ■
and it was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose, and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the chairman of the
committee reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union had had the state
of the Union generally under consideration, and
particularly the special order of the House, joint
resolution No. 1, being an act " explanatory of
the act approved September 28, 1850, entitled
4 An act gumting bounty land to certain officers
and soldiers who have been engaged in the mili-
tary service of the United States,' " and had di-
rected him to report the same to the House with
sundiy amendments thereto.
The bill as adopted by the committee, is as fol-
lows:
Sec. I. Be it enacted, <$'c., That from and after the pas-
sage of this act, the registers and receivers of the United
States hind offices shall each be entitled to receive fifty
ceiu*> for his services m locating each bounty land warrant
by him located, lo be paid bv the person or persons locating
the same; hut this act shall not be so construed as to allow
any registei or receiver to leceivcany greater maximum of
salary and fees than by law he is now entitled.
Srcc;. 2. Jlnd it fitiiher enacted, That if any officer or
soldier who would, tflmug, have been entitled to the ben-
efit of the act of Congress, passed September 28,1800, shall
have died leaving no widow surviving him, the child oi
children of «ueh officer or soldier shall h  entitled to the
benefit of s?aid act; and if then; are no children living then
the father and mother of such officer or soldier shall be en-
titled, oi in default of father or mother, the light ^Imll de-
scend to the brothers and sisteis ot such officer or soldier m
as full a manner as though said soldier or officer had him-
self received the bounty, any act to the contrary notwith-
standing.
Sec. 3, And be it further enacted, That in the event of
the death of a commissioned oi nou-commi^sioned officer,
musician, or private, who shall have made application foi
bounty land under the provisions of said act, during the
pendency of such application, any warrant issued in the
name of any such deceased applicant, such warrant so is-
sued shall not become void, but shall inure to and for the
benefit of those entitled thereto, the same as if such officer
or soldier had been deceased at the passage of said act.
Sec. 4 And be xt further enacted, That in all cases
wheie the militia or volunteer oi State troops of any State
oi Terntoiv were called into military service, and whose
seiv ices have been pan! by the United States, the officers
and soldier^ ot stteh militia, volunteers, or ttoopi, shall be
entitled to all the benefits of the act entitled "An act grant-
ing bounty land to certain officers and soldiers who have
been engaged in the military service of the United States,"
approved September 28, 1850, and shall receive lands for
their services according to the provisions of said act, upon
proof of length of service as therein required; and that the
last proviso of the ninth section of the act of 11th ol' Feb-
ruary, 1847, be and the same is hereby repealed: -Provided,
That nothing herein contained shall authorize bounty land
to those who have heretofore received or become entitled
to the same.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That one hundred and
sixty acres of land be, and the same are hereby, granted to
every officer and soldier, whether of regulars, militia^ or
volunteers, who may have been actually engaged m any ac-
tion or encounter with the enemy, in any of the wars speci-
fied in the act approved September 28,1850, without regard
to Ins length of seivice; or in case ofthe death of ditysuch
soldier or officer, the vvariant to be issued may be granted to
such person or peisons as would be entitled under the act
of 1850, above mentioned, or any other act, as if this en-
actment had constituted a part theieof: Provided, That
nothing herein contained shall be so construed as to grant
more than one hundred and sixty acres of land to any per-
son who may already be entitled to it undei the act above
mentioned tor his sci vices in any one war.
Sec. 6. And be^it further enacted, That the warrants of
one hundred and sixty acies, so as above to be issued, shall
be assignable.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That the act of Sep-
tember 28,1850, is hereby extended to all naval officers,
sailors, flotilla men, and mamies serving with land troops
in cases where they could not be entitled to prize money.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That in computing
the term of service of the officers and soidieis ot militia,
volunteers, and rangeis, tor the purpose of this act, oi of
the act of which this act is explanatory, such term shall be
computed from the time they were inusteied into the ser-
vice of and paid by the United States to the time they
were discharged therefiom: Protuderf, That this section
shall not extend to the cases provided for in tiie second sec-
tion, and in the provisos to the tirat section of the act of
winch this act is explanatoiy.
The SPEAKER. The question is now upon
the amendments reported by the committee.
Mr. JBRECKENRIDGE demanded the pre-
vious question, and also tellers upon that motion.
Tellers were ordeied, and Messrs. Davis of In-
diana, and Breckenridge were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers
repotted—ayes 98, noes 28; so the previous ques-
tion received a second.
Mr. GOODENOW. I move to lay the bill
upon the table.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Upon that
I demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. HENN. Will it be in order to call for the
reading of the amendments?
The SPFAKER. It will be in order.
Mr. CLIN.GMAN. I desire to make a privi-
leged motion, in order to enable the House to un-
derstand what the condition of the bill is. I move
the House do now adjourn.
[Cries of   No!" "No!" "No!"]
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Upon that mo-
tion I demand tellers.
Mr. STANTON, <?f Ohio, demanded the yeas
and nays; which were not ordered.
Tellers were also refused.
Mr. STUART. The House will understand
this question in one moment.
[Cries of " Order !" " Order !"]
The question was then taken on the motion to
adjourn, and it was agreed to.
So the House adjourned to to-morrow, at twelve
o'clock.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. CHURCHWELL gave notice that he would ask
leave tn-moirow, or on some subsequent day, to introduce
a bill granting public lands to the several States of the
Union lor the establishment of a permanent and efficient
system of common schools.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions, memorials, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees ;
By Mr. HUBBARD : The petition of Content Hutchin-
son, praying that certain money lost in the mail may be re-
funded to him
% Bj Mr. FLORENCE : The memorial of Isaac Weaver,
McCartn, Enoch Thorn, and others, citizens of the
city and county of Philadelphia, remonstrating against the
extension of the W'oodwoi th patent tor planing boards, &c.
Also, the memonal of Michael Wartinan &. Oo.,E, & A.
Kern, George Fite*, lJ Geoige Warrington, C. D James,
Charles S. OJo^e, Daniel Kane, Henry M. Weaver, G. S.
Hendrickson, and more than 800 otheis, cigar-makers, and
residents of the city and county of Philadelphia, represent-
ing that in consequence of the existing tariff regulations and
the frauds pi acticed under the law, they are subjected to
rumour competition with foreign cigars, especially those
made in the German States, and praving for an alteration
ofthe tar iff on cigars of a less valuation than $10 per
thousand, to a-« to afi'.nd employment lor American work-
men at iair and renmneiatiug puces.
Also, the memorial ot' Joseph ltitchie, John C. Mont-
gomery, Benjamin Orne, and others, ciuzens of the State
of Pennsylvania, petitioning Congress to pass a law to pro-
hibit absolutely the deportation, banishment, or immigra-
tioafrom foreign countries'of all convicts, felons, and pau-
pers, pubficlv recognized as such.
By Mr. KUHNS: The memorial of Benjamin Wake-
field, praying to be allowed the difference of pay between
thatot master's mate and boatswain while perfoimmg the
duties of the latter grade on board-the United States ship
Preble.
By Mr. ALLISON j Two petitions signed by Anthony
Henderson and 152 others, citizens of Lawrence county,
Pennsylvania, for a grant of land to be made to the State of
Pennsylvania, for the purpose of aiding the Pitt&buig and
Erie Railroad Company in the construction of their road.
By Mr. ROBBINS : A petition signed by George Albert-
son and 38 other citizens of the county of Philadelphia,
stating that Uie extension of the Woodworth patent had
been obtained by fraud and false information, and ask that
a committee be appointed with power to send for persons
and papers, with a view to inform your honorable bodies
ofthe truths ami meritsof all matteis pertaining to said pat-
ent and its several extensions.
Also, the petition of P. M. Manus and 49 other citizens
of the county of Philadelphia, asking for the extension of
the Woodworth patent by act of Congress.
Also, the petition signed by Levi Lancaster and 19 other
citizens of Penn district, in the county of Philadelphia,
Pennsylvania, asking Congress to modify the bounty land
act of September 28, 1850, so as to give to each person in-
tended to be benefited by said act, and the seamen and ma-
rines who served in said wars, not less than one hundred
and sixty acres of land.
By Mi. HENDRICKS: The petition of Thomas Wil-
liams and W. W. Pamey, of Johnson county, Indiana,
praving that additional compensation be made to the as-
sistant marshals for services m taking the Seventh Census.
By Mr. MOORE, of Pennsylvania: A remonstrance of
citizens of Philadelphia against the extension ofthe Wood-
worth patent.
Also, five memorials from citizens of the county of Phil-
adelphia in favor of the extension of^Jhe Woodworth pat-
ent.
Also, memorial of citizens of Pennsylvania, a«kmg for
protection to American labor and the industrial interests of
our country, by an alteration ofthe presenttariff system.
Also, resolutions ofthe Legislature of Pennsylvania, rel-
ative to appropriations for piers in the Delaware liver, to
complete the Delawaie breakwater, and for an ice harbor
near Reedy Island.
By Mr. CHANDLER: The memorial of George R.
Childs and many other citizens of Philadelphia, asking for
the renewal of the patent for Woodworks planing machine.
By Mr. HENN : The memorial of John D. Elbert, asking
for a grant of land to aid m the construction of a railroad
from Lafayette, via Peoria and Burlington, to the Mis&ouii
river.
By Mr. FITCH: The petition of Eber Woolman and
Nel.-on Ferris, assistant marshals of St. Joseph county, In-
diana, asking additional compensation for services in taking
the census.
By Mr. SEYMOUR,of New York : Remonstrance of 300
citizens of Tioy, New York, against the extension of the
Woodwoith patent.
By Mr. ALLEN, of Illinois: The petition of Jesse
York and 83 othei citizens of White county, and State of*
Illinois, for the extension ofthe present mail route leading
from Benton to McLanesboro', via Carmi and Philhpstown,
to New Harmony, Indiana, &c.
By Mr. FAULKNER: The petition of William T. Pur-
ccll and other citizens of Jefferson county, Virginia, praying
for the establishment of a post road from Charlestown to
Kabletown.
Also, the petition of Lewis B. Willis, of Virginia, late a
paymaster in fheAimy of the United States, piaymg the
payment of a judgment rendered m his favor against the
United States by tiie district couitof Louisiana.
Also, the petition of John H. King, of Harper's Ferry,
praying to be paid for his services as a director of the rifle
tactoiy.
Also, the petition of same, praying to be paid for certain
improvements of ins invention used at the national ar-
mory.
By Mr. HARPER: The petition of Samuel McArthur
and 85 other citizens of Muskingum and Guernsey coun-
ties, Ohio, praying that the law authorizing the transporta-
tion of the mail on Sunday may be repealed.
Also, the petition of Mary Young, of Morgan county,
Ohio, asking for a pension as heir of William Liggett, a
soldier ofthe Revolution.
By Mr. DEAN: A remonstrance of C. B. Morse, A.
Waser, and 70 other citizens of Rhinebeck, Dutchess coun-
ty, New York, against the further extension of the Wood-
worth patent.
By Mr. KING, of Rhode Island : The petition of Richaid
Boiden and others, for the establishment of a dolphin or
buoy on the south point of Goat Island, in the haibor of
Newport, Rhode Island.
Also, the memorial of Colonel William Gates, praying
for the return to him of certain moneys presented to him by
I citizens of Tampico, on his retiring from command there,
j and paid by him into the Treasury of the United States.
By Mr. PHELPS: The petition of citizens of Taney
county, Missoun, for a post road from Forsythe, via Big
Beaver Creek, to Hartville, Wright county.
Also, the petition of citizens of Wright county, Missouri,
for the relief of Littleton Freeman.
Also, the petition of citizens of Lawrence and Greene
counties, Missouri, for a post road from Mount Vernon, via
| Dunkle's store, to Orleans, Polk county.
By Mr. RIDDLE: The memorial of certain citizens,
cigar-makers in the city of Wilmington, State of Delaware,
praying Congress to make such an alteration of the tariff on
cigars of a less valuation than $30 per thousand, as will
aftoid them employment at fair remunerating prices.
Also, resolutions ofthe Geneial Assembly ofthe State of
Delaware, in relnience to public lands.
By Mr. HASCALL : The petition of Enmce Gilbert, for
compensation for pioperty destroyed m tiie war of 1812.
