1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL ©LOBE.
Mr. STANLY. I move to lay that appeal upon
the table.
Mr. JONES. Upon that motion I ask the yeas
and nays.
Mr. AVERETT. I call for tellers upon the
yeas and nays.
Tellers were notordered; and'the yeas and nays
were not ordered.
The question was then taken, and the appeal
was laid upon the table.
The twenty-fourth amendment of the Senate,
inserting the following clause in the harbor bill,
was read, viz:
" For repairing the piers in Big Sodus Bay, New York,
$10,000."
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. 1 ask for the yeas
and nays upon that amendment, and I call for
tellers upon the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered; and the yeas and
nays were not ordered.
The question was then put upon the amendment,
and it was agreed to.
The twenty-fifth amendment of the Senate, in-
serting the following clause in the biii, was then
read, vis:
" For improving Cape Fear rivpr, at and below Wilming-
ton, North Carolina, $30,000."
Mr. DAWSON. Upon that amendment I call
for the yeas and nays.
The.yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then pul; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 84, nays 67; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Charles Allen, Allison, William Apple-
ton, Ashe, Babcoek, Barrere, Bennett, Bibighaus, Bowie,
Brenton, Briggs, George H. Brown, E. Camngton Cabell,
Caldwell, Lewis D. Campbell, Thompson Campbell, Cart-
tei, Chandler, Chapman, Chastain, Clark, Chngman,
Conqer, George T. Davi«, Dock pry, Doty, Duncan, Duikee, j
Eastman, Evans, Floience, Fowler, Henry M. Fuller. Gay-
loid, Gentry, Goodenow, Goodrich, Green, Harper, flaws,
Haven, Ilcbard, Hcnn, Horsford, John W. Howe, Thomas
Y. How, Jackson, George G. King.- Kuhns, Landry, Lock-
hart, Mann, Martin, John Moore, Morehead, Newton, Out-
law, S. W. Parker, Penn, Penmman, Porter, Puce, Riddle,
Sackett, Scbermerhorn, Schooleiatf,Schoonmaker, Snow,
Stanly, Benjamin Stanton, Frederick P.Stanton, Strotl.ei,
Stuart, Taylor, Thompson, Townshend, Tuck, Walbridge,
Walsh, Ward, Watkins, Welch, Addison White, and
Yatee—84.
NAYS—Messrs. Wilhs Allen, Averett, Thos. H Bayly,
Bocoek, KueJl, Cleveland, Cobb, Colcock, Curtis, Daniel,
John G. Davis, Dawson ,.Dean, Dimtmek, Dunham, Edeer-
ton, Edmundson, Faulkner, Fickhn, Fitch, Floyd, Free-
.man, Gilmore, Gorman, Hall, Hamilton, 1J ammond, Iaham
G. Harris, Hint, Ilendneks, Uibbard, Holluday, Houston,
Howard, tnjzersoll, John Johnson, Daniel T. Jones, George
' W. Jones, J. Glattcy Jones, Preston King, Letcher, Ma-
son, McCorkle, McLanahan, McNair, Million, Molony,
Moirison, Murphy, Mm ray, Orr, Andtew Parker, Peaslee,
Powell, Richardson, Robbins, Savage, Origen S. Seymour,
Skelton, Richard H. Stantori,Thaddous Stephens, tfuther-
land, Sweetser, Thurston, Wallace, Wildriek, and Wood-
ward—67.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CLEVELAND. I move that the House
take a recess until six o'clock.
[Loud cries of " No !" " No !"]
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. I object.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
A message was received from the Senate, by
the hands of Asbury Dickies, informing the
House that that body had agreed to the report of
the Committee on Conference on the Indian ap-
propriation bill.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask to make a
report from the Committee on Conference upon the
Indianappropriation bill. The Senate haveagreed
to it, and it now only requires that the House
should ajjree to it, so that the bill maybe enrolled.
The SPEAKER. Does the Chair anderstand
that there is nothing but the report to be received?
Mr. JONES. That is all. The committeehave
agreed that the Senate shall recede from their
amendments disagreed to by the House, and the
Senate have concurred m the report.
The report of the Committee on Conference
was then, by unanimous consent, agreed to.
RIVER AND HARBOR BILL.
The House resumed the consideration of the
amendments of the Senate to the harbor bill.
The amendments of the Senate inserting the
following clauses in the bill, were severally consid-
ered and agreed to, viz:
25th. "For repairing the piers at Huron river harbor,
Ohio, #LO,000.';
27th. " For continuing and repairing the breakwater at
Burlington, Vermont, §10,000.
28th. For repairing ttie piers at Conneaught, Ohio,
^10,000.
29ib. " For repairing the piers atNTeiv Castle,' Delaware,
$J5,000.
30th. "For the further improvement of the harbor at
Bridgeport, Connecticut, $10,000,
aist. " For the improvement of the river St. John, Flor-
ida, $10,000."
[A message was here received'from the'Senate
by the hands of AsbvrY Digkins, Esq., its Secre-
tary, announcing that the'Senate had passed the
bill making* appropriations for the civil and diplo-
matic expenses of the Government for the year
- ending the 30th of June, 1853,-with sundry'amend-
ments.')
The thirty-second amendment of the Senate, in-
serting the following clause in the bill, was then
read, as follows:
" For the completion of the old line of survey, or the new
line, as may be deemed expedient, for a ship canal across
the peninsula of Florida, $20,000."
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. I wish to ask
the indulgence of the House, for the last time, for
the yeas and nays on this amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SWEETSER. Will it be in order to
move to take a recess until six o'clock?
The SPEAKER. It will not be in order, ex-
cept by unanimous consent.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois. I object.
The question was then taken on the amendment
of the Senate, and it was decided in the affirma-
tive—yeas 73, nays 65; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Charles Allen, Allison, William Apple-
ton, Babcock,'liarrere, Bibtghaus, Bowie, Brenton, Bnggs,
George H, Brown, Camngton Cabell, Caldwell, Lewis
D. Campbell, Cartter, Chandler, Chapman, Dockery, Doty,
Duncan, Eastman, Edgorton, Evan". Florence, Fowler,
Henry M. Fuller,Gentry, Goodenow, Green, Grey. Harper,
Ilaw*, Ilebard, Honn, John W. Howe, Thomas Y. How,
Andrew Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, Kuhns, Landry,
Mann, Martin, John Moore, Moiehend, Newton, Outlaw,
Samuel W. Parker, Perm, Peimiman, Portor, Price, Robio,
Saekett, Schermerhorn, Schoolcraft, Schoonmaker, Snow,
Stanly, Benjamin Stanton, Frederick P. Stanton, Stuait,
Sweetser. Taylor. Thompson. Tuck, Venable, Walbridae,
Walsh, Ward, Watkins, Welch, Wells, Addison White,
and Yates—73.
NAYS—Messrs. Willis Allen, Ashe, Averett, Hoeock,
Thompson Campbell, Chastain, Cleveland, Cobb, Coleoek,
Daniel, John G. Davis, Dawson, Dean, Dimmick, Dunham,
Faulkner, Ficklin, Floyd, Gaylovd, Gilmore, Gorman, TTall,
Hamilton, Hammond, Ishmn G. Harris, Sampson W. Har-
ris?, Hait, Hendricks, fiibbard, Holladay,Houston, How-aid,
Inger-oll, Jackson, John Johns-on, Geoige W. Jones, J.
Glancy Jones, Preston Kins, Kurtz, Letcher, Lockhart,
McCorkle, McLanahan, MeNair, McQueen, Million, Mo-
lony, Morrison; Murphv, Muriay, Andrew Parker, Peaslee,
Phelps, Powell,Uichaidson, David L. Seymour, Ocigtm S.
Seymour,Skelton, It. IL Stanton, St. Martin, Sutherland,
Thurston, Townshend, Wallace, and Woodward—65.
So the amendment of the Senate was agreed to.
Mr. DEAN. I move that the House take a
recess.
The SPEAKER. It can only l>e done by
unanimous consent.
/ [Loud cries of " Object!"]
The amendments of the Senate, inserting the
following clauses in the bill, were considered and
agreed to, viz:
33d. " Fot the suivey of the sand bars in Newark, New
Jersey, ^"2,0(10,
34th. u For improving the Levee across the mouth of the
river Santiago, m the State of California, to turn it into us
former channel, $30,000; to be expended under the direction
of the Secretary of War."
The thirty-fifth amendment of the Senate, in-
serting the following clause in the bill, was read:
f< For the improvement of the navigation of the Tennessee
river, $50,000, in conformity with the estimates of the War
Department of the 13th July, 1W59. For the improvement
ot the navigation of the Illinois river, the sum of $30,000."
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. ^ I call for a division
of the question, so as to take it first upon the Ten-
nessee amendment, and then upon the Illinois.
Mr. STUART. Can that be doneupon a Sen-
ate amendment?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it can.
Mr. STUART. Is not the practice the other
way with regard to Senate amendments ? If it were
an amendment of this House, it could be done
under our rule, but the amendments of the Senate
must be agreed to or rejected as a whole, I take it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the amend-
ment is devisible. The House can reject one part
and agree to the other.
Mr. STUART. I understand it to be reported
as a single amendment from the Senate.
The SPEAKER. They are all in the same
class. The Chair thinks that the amendment is
divisible.
The question now being upon the first clause of
the amendment, appropriating $50,000 for the
Tennessee river,
Mr. DAWSON demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. HENDRICKS called for tellers upon tHe
yeas and nays.
Tellers were notordered; and the yeas and nays
were not ordered.
The question was then put, and the amendment
was agreed to—ayes 84, noes not counted.
The question recurred upon agreeing to the
second - clause of the amendment, appropriating
>$30,000 for the Illinois river.
'Mr. 'BRECKINRIDGE. Upon the adoption
!ofthat portion of the amendment I ask for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
APPEALS FROM THE PATENT OFFICE.
Mr. CARTTER. I ask the permission of the
House to move an agreement to a verbal amend-
ment made by the Senate in bill No. 232, provid-
ing for appeals from the Patent Office. Itis merely
a verbal amendment inserting the word " associ-
ate " instead of44 assistant judge," as I had put it
in the bill.
There being no objection, thequestion was taken
upon agreeing to the Senate amendment, and it
was decided in the affirmative.
RIVER AND HARBOR BILL.
The question was then taken upon agreeing to
the second clause of the 35th amendment, and it
was decided in the affirmative—yeas 85, nays 58;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Charles Allen, Allison* William Apple-
ton, Babcoek, Barrore, Bibighaus, Bowie, Brenton, Briggs,
George H. Brown, E. Carringfon Cabell, Caldwell, Lewis
D. Campbell,Thompson Oamphell, Cartu*r,Chandler, ('bar-
man, Doty, Duncan, Duikue, Eastman, JGdjjeuon, Evans,
Ewmg, Florence, Fowler, Henry M. Fuller, Gentry, Good-
enow, Grey, Harper, Ilaws, Haseall, Haven, Hebard, Henn,
Horsford, John W. llowe, John Johnson, Robert W. John-
son, Daniel T. Jones, George G. King, Kuhns, Landry,
Mann, Martin, Molony, John Moore, Morehead, Newton,
Outlaw, Samuel W, Parker, Pcniumau, Porter, Price, Reed,
Richardson, Saekett, Schermerhorn, Schoolcraft, Schoon-
maker, Stanly, Benjamin Stanton, Fiedoriek P.Stanton,
Thaddeus Stevens, Stuart, Sweetser, Taylor, Thompson,
Townshend, Tuck, Walhud^e, Walsh, Ward, Watkins,
Welch, Wells Addison White, and Yates—85.
NAYS—Messrs. Aveiett, Thomas H. Bayly, Bocock,
Breckinridge, Caskie, Chat-tain, Clark, Cleveland, Cling-
man, Curii.s, Daniel, John G. Davi>, Dawson, Dean, Dnn-
nuck, Dunham, Edmundson, Faulkner, Flojd, Gilmore,
Gorman. Hall, Hamilton, Hammond, Uham G. llaru?.. Hart,
Hihbard, Holladav, Houston, Howard, Hunter, Ingersoll,
Jackson, Geoige W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Kuitz, Letch-
er, Mason, McCorkle, McLanahan, MeNnir, Mc&ueen,
Mdlson, Morri>on, Murphy, Murray, Orr, Andrew'Parker,
P# a«lee, "Penn, Phelps Robbins, Robie, David L, Seymour,
Skelton, R. H. Stanton, Wallace, and Woodward-^58.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The amendments ofthe Senate insertingthe fol-
lowing clauses in the bill were severally read and
agreed to, viz:
36th. " For the improvement of the harbor and breakwater
at Waukegan, fllmois. f$i!>,000.
37th. " That the Secretary of War oau«e to be examined
and surveyed the river Savannah, from the city of Savan-
nah as high up as the city of Augusta, the Ocmulgre up
to Macon, and the Flint up to Albany, and thf> Chattahoo-
chee up to Coluirihus, in the State ot Georgia, and to report
to Congiess the amount of money which may remove any
obstructions to navigation, and that the sum of $10,030 be
appropriated lor that purpose.
38th. " For filling in behind the United States sea-wall
in the harbor of St. Augustine, Florida, with earth, $3,000."
The thirty-ninth and last amendment of the
Senate, striking fro'n the bill section two, was then
read and agreed to, as follows:
<(Jind he it further enacted, That thecommissioners of the
town ot Wilmington, North Carolina, be authorized to levy
and collect a tonnage duty, not excopdmg four cents per ton
upon all vessels not less than sixty tons for the purpose of
cleaning out the obstructions in the mouth of Cape Fear
river, and that to effect that purpose, the said commission-
ers be authorized to pledge the recpipts from the said ton-
nage duty, to pay the interest or principal on any loan they
may effect foi that purpose: Provided, That the Legisla-
ture of North Carolina, at its next session, order and au-
thorize such a tonnage duty."
Mr. DUNCAN. I rise to a privileged question.
I move to reconsider the vote by which these sev-
eral amendments have been adopted and to lay the
motion to reconsider upon the table.
The SPEAKER. By unanimous consent it can
be done, otherwise a separate vote must be taken
upon each amendment.
[Cries of 44 Object!'*]
Mr. HOUSTON obtained the floor.
THE GARDINER CLAIM CHARGE AGAINST
MR. CORWIjN.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I ask the in-
dulgence of the gentleman from Alabama, to yield
