1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1549
The question was taken, and on a division,
there were—ayes 21, noes 16.
So the resolution was laid on the table.
NAUTICAL ALMANAC.
Mr. GWIN. I moved, the other day, to lay
on the table a resolution offered by the Senator
from New Hampshire, [Mr. Hale,] in relation to
the Nautical Almanac. I am satisfied, now, that
it ought to pass; and therefore move to take it up
for consideration.
The motion was agreed to.
The resolution is as follows:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be instructed
to inform the Seriate where, and at what Observatory, the
observations and calculations foi the " Nautical Almanac"
are made? ?
Why the sam« are not madu at the National Observatory
at Wa>hm«Toi) ?
What expense? are necessary therefor, except the pay of
the Superintendent ?
What progress ha^ been made towards making aNaurical
Almanac?
For how long a period of time the calculations of the firet
almanac aie expected to extend?
Whether it is neccs-ary to ih<> perfection of the "Nauti-
cal Almanac" to imike observations at more than one Ob-
servatory, and if ?o, are they made at two Observatories,
and if so j at what two?
Whether any persons cxcept the Superintendent, have
been paid for services in preparing the " Nautical Alma-
nac," and if so, how many, and what compensation have
Ihey received?
When u is expected that a " Nautical Almanac" will be
prepared for publication ?
What impiovement. it' any, is it expected the American
" Nautical Almanac," when published, will have ovur the
English?
Is it expected that any errors of former astronomers or
observers are to be corrected, or any new mean- su?«e-ted
by winch motet precision is to be given to astronomical
science ?
After the first American "Nautical Almanac" is pub-
lished, will the Miocppdmg numbers probably cost as much,
or moie than the tiia?
Will the same tune be necessary for the second and sub-
sequent numbers icspeetively, as for the fii^t ?
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. Piesident, I ilimk a good
deal of the information risked for in that resolu-
tion, is already at the command of the Senate.
For example: as to the names of the persons em-
ployed m making the computations for the Almanac.
We have the whole of that, with thcr compensa-
tion and residence, given m the Blue Book. And
so we have reports—I think we have had two or
three of them—from the Superintendent, exhibit-
ing the progress of the woik. Nevertheless, 1
very much desire to see such a report as the res-
olution contemplates, called for; because I think
it will forever silence all cavil upon the subject,
and demonstrate not only the utility, but the ab-
solute necessity of publishing an Almanac of our
own.
I suppose that Senators are aware that no ves-
sel, either of the navy or merchant service, can go
to sea without a Nautical Almanac; and that heie-
tofore we have been dependent on the Criiish
Nautical Almanac, which is put out about three
years in advance, that for 1855-'56 being" now
published. If we have a war of more than three
years'duration, which would intercept our com-
munication with England, it is manifest that our
vessels could not put to sea, unless we had estab-
lished such a work as this resolution inquires into.
I think it will appear from this report, that we
have not only good reason, but a perfect right, to
expect great improvements in astronomical sci- 1
ence, and great improvements in the accuracy of J
this work. Indeed, one of the reports of the Su- j
perintendent, which was laid on our table some i
time ogo, already shows that the American calcu- !
lations will make impossible certain errors in the
moon's place, as given in the European fables, j
which may make a difference of fifteen or twenty '
miles in longitude. The accuracy of the compu- t
tations is evinced by a test which was applied i
during the solar eclipse of last year. In the pre-
dictions of that eclipse, according to the British
Almanac, there was an error of eighty-five sec-
onds, while the American Almanac was in error
only twenty seconds. I think, also, it will be seen
that the observatories of the whole world, and in
all time, are laid under contribution for the pur-
pose of supplying the materials for the calcula-
tions. Those calculations and computations are
not confined to observations made to-day, or in
the course of this year, at Washington, or any-
where else; but observations made at all the ob-
servatories in all the world, which are reliable,
for hundreds of years past, are relied uoon for
these computations. Observations at Washington
will no doubt assist in the correction of errors—
in a nearer approach to the utmost attainable ac-
curacy. The services of persons competent to
perform these computations, cannot be had at any-
thing less than is now paid them. I believe that
compensation is as low as it can be obtained for.
13ut I will not go any further into the subject. I
only desired to say thus much, as a reason for
passing th? resolution. I am satisfied that the
report in answer to it will be mostsatisfactory and
gratifying. And I am very sure that the contin-
uance of the work will be as valuable *o the coun-
try, as it is and will be honorable to the admira ble
officer who superintends it.
iwill ad«], sir, for the information of the econ-
omists, that the sale of these Almanacs will restore
to the Tieusury a part of the expenditure upon
the work, while it will cheapen to all our mariners
the cost of the book. Already the anticipation of
this publication lias brought down to one half the
price of the British Nautical Almanac.
j The resolution was adopted.
! canal across florida,
i Mr. BROOKE. ! offer the following resolution,
! and ask that it may be consuleied at this time:
I Rcsoloc<\ That tlie ri'-cretarv of the Tiea«mv hp rentx'-t-
ed to report lit the Senate upon the pr:u-tie;;l i!ii\, uuhtv, ami
I piobable eo*t oi a >hip canal aen>-:  the peinu-ula oi FJo'i-
da ; and also to communicate Mich info'malum a-, the l)e-
I partment may be in po-.-es*ion ni", in r.-iumn to the n.iw
j «anoti or the Straits of Florida, the I't^e^oceumn" therein,
; and the danger-* and difficulties incident t;ieieto.
| No objection was made to the consideration of
i the resolution.
: Mr. BROOKE. I hope the resolution will be
; adopted. It is one of a great deal of importance,
j not only to Southern commerce, but to the com-
S merce of the whole Union. My attention has
; heen called to it by a highly intelligent gentleman
j of the State of Mississippi—Mr. A. B.^ Alvord—
i who has bestowed a great deal of time nod labor
j in the investigation of the subject. I am informed
by the Senator from Florida, [Mr. Mallory,]
that the annual los^ of vessels doubling that cape
! or peninsula, is about twentv-two per annum, hi-
! volving a loss of about $] ,000,000 per annum. ,
, The dangers and difficulties incident to that im\i-;
1 Ration are the cause why so many vessels go m j
' ballast to the city of New Orleans, the tate* of i
; insurance being so high; and that, of course, im- 1
. poses a great burden upon the commerce and prod- !
| ucts of the South and West, brvaure, in order i
! to make up the losses incident to their empty ves- i
; sels going to New Orleans, they have to impose \
j very large freights upon out ward-bound cargoes, i
; I do not intend by this resolution to commit the '
■ Government to the construction of the canal, hut |
; what I want, is simply the infbrmaiion, in oidei |
. that private nprndiM*, if they should be no dis- -
! posed, may embark m the undertaking; though J !
: do think it is one of such national importance that |
I it might well be considered by the Government as 1
| a national work. j
| The resolution was adopted.
remedies to patentees. i
Mr. RRADBURY. I move to postpone all J
prior orders for the purpose of taking up the bill j
giving further remedies to patentees. The con- j
stderation of u will occupy a very few moments. :
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate pro- i
ceeded to consider the bill as in Committee of the I
Whole It enacts, that if any person or corpo- ;
ration shall impoit, or have in possession, for the I
purpose of traffic or sale, any artn !es impotted '
into the United States from any foreign territory i
adjoining or near thereto, and manufactured in ,
whole or in part m any such territory by any pro-
cess or machine, for which there may be at. the !
time a subsistent patent owned by any citizen of:
the United States, such person orcomoration shall, ;
upon due proof thereof, before any court of com-
petent jurisdiction, be deemed to"have infringed '
said patent, and be liable for all damages, in the
same manner, and to the same extent, as in mhe>* 1
cases; and the articles so manufactured and im-
ported, shall he forfeited to the use of the owner 1
of said patent. It enacts further, that whenever '
a patentee, or any person holding under him, shall '
file a bill in equity, verified by oath or affirmation, 1
in the circuit or district court of the United States, .
complaining that any person or corporation has
imported, or has in possession for suie or traffic, ,
any of the articles described in the preceding sec- ;
tion, and shall make it appear to the satisfaction 1(
i of the judge, that the facts alleged are probably
true, the &«i<i judge shall issue an order to the mar-
shal, directing him to take said articles into hiscus-
tody, and hold the same subject to the final order of
court; and may further, by injunction, restrain the
sale of, and traffic in said articles; and after due
notice to all the parties, may, upon a final hearing1
of the cause, decree said articles to be forfeited to
the use of the complainant: Provided, hoioevert
That from all judgments and decrees of said courts,
a writ of error or appeal shall lie in the same man-
ner as now provided bylaw in relation to other
judgments or decrees.
Mr. B/IADBURY. I have one or two verbal
amendments to offer to the bill, and one of some
importance. 1 desire to say, first, that the neces-
sity of this bill arises from a defe. t found in the
existing patent laws. By a valuable invention, a
great saiing of expense has been made in the
manufacture of irregular forms. The inventor
^ was protected by a patent. After the invention
j; was found to be valuable, as in the manufacture
j of gun-stocks, lasts, &c., violators of the patent
| stepped over the line into Canada and manufac-
j tuved the articles, establishing; machines on the
; other side of the line, and bringing the articles into
this country for use—thus depriving the patentee
| of the benefit of his patent. I do notsupposeany
i furiher explanation is necessary to the hill.
! There are one or two verbal amendments to be
i, made, where 1 regard the hill as rather too stnn-
j: gent m ns character. I will move, first, that the
>\ word " hereafter" be inserted in the beginning of
r the bill after the word 4' shall," so as to make it
j read, " that if any person or corporation shall
j hereafter import,,'&c.
The amendment was agreed to.
; Mr. BRADBURY. I move to strike out the
word "sale,'' iri the clause—" that if any person
; nr cornoration shall impoit or have in possession,
: for the purposes of traffic or sole, any articles,"
&e.. and insert the word " use" in lieu thereof,
j Mi. IIALIi. I hope that will not be done. I
think the Senator does not understand the force
nf that, amendment. It will make a very import-
, ant alteration; and its effect will be to subject any
man to the penalties of the bill who buys n pat-
! entid article, although he may know nothing of
the existence of the patent. For instance, I have
i on inv desk two specimens of patented cloth; ifan
] individual buys a niece of that made by the in-
: innjjer ol the patent'—if this amendment is made
j —he subjects himself to the penalties of the bill.
, I think it is broad enough to include anyone who
has the articles for the purposes of traffic or sale;
and it should not subject an innocent purchaser,
wh ) may buy an article without knowing whether
it comes from the genuine patentee or not. I hope
that the amendment. will not be agreed to.
| Mr. BRADBURY. I perceive that the Senator
j from New Hampshire, who supposes that others
j misunderstand, does not himself understand the
necessity of the amendment. Perhaps 1 may pre-
mise that 1 propose to submit such other amend-
ments as will obviate some of the difficulties which
the Senator has in his mind. But the necessitv
of the amendment is this: If the hill is adopted
: without the amendment, a violator of a patent
j has only to establish his manufactory on the other
j side of the line, and then enter into contracts with
j every one who desires to use the article, and under
; those contracts he will brin^ the articles in, and
j they will be used; so that the bill wiii lie utterly
useless unless an amendment of this kind lie
j adopted. 1 only propose that these who shall
knowingly hereafter use the article shall be re-
' qui red to pay something for the use of if, for )
| shall mocp presently to strike out that portion
! which declares that the article shall be forfeited
! 1 hope the amendment will be adopted.
! Mr. HALE. The honorable Senator says it is
| owing to my ignorance that 1 Ho not understand
i the amendment; and I confer it. [ do not see
| how, if you adopt ii, vou can protect any single
; ciuzen of the United States that goes into a dry-
e:oods, or any other sto *e, and buys a patented
article. He subjects himself to the penalties of
the bill. I am in favor of the bill, and think it is
broad enough us it stands. If you subject to its
penalties every man who uses an article ma^ie by
the violator of a patent, it will be extending the
principle further than it has ever been extended
before. There never was such a principle as that
a man who used a patented article, manufactured
