2414
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 28,
me the floor for a single moment. It will not take
five minutes to do what I desire should be done.
It will be remembered that this House, on Monday
or Tuesday, appointed a Select Committee fo in-
vestigate the claim of Dr. Gardiner and the con-
nection which the Secretary of the Treasury had
with that claim. The committee, as appointed by
this House, have had two meetings, but beforeeven
the committee met the Secretary of the Treasury
addressed a communication to the chairman of the
committee requesting an investigation instanter,
and desiring that it should be gone into. The
committee met and informed him that he could at-
tend. The mover of the resolution is also urgent,
and desires a number of witnesses to be sum-
moned. Mr. Corwin, also, wishes a number of
witnesses to be summoned, some of whom reside
in distant States. The committee, from what they
have seen of this matter, have come to the conclu-
sion that it is impossible for them to commence
and get through with the investigation before this
session closes. It is known-to all the members
that if the session closes before the investigation
has concluded, that the committee is dissolved, and
there the thing ends. It is a question involving
the character of a high functionary, who is press-
ing the matter on one hand, and the mover of the
resolution upon the other, and all we ask is to make
this little report, and then for the House to make
such a disposition of the matter as they think
proper.
Mr. HOUSTON. I shall not object to making
the report unless some discussion comes up.
The Clerk then read the report, as follows:
Tlie Select Committee appointed to investigate the facts
touching the connection of the Hon. Thomas Corwin, the
present Secretary of the Treasury, with the Gardiner claim,
allowed by the Board for the adjustment of claims against
the Republic of Mexico, under the treaty of Guadalupe
Hidalgo, report, that there will not be time during the pres-
ent session of Congress to complete the investigation which
they are required to make by said resolution, or to procure
the attendance of the witnesses who are named upon both
sides, and whose testimony is regarded as necessary to the
full examination of said claim, or the connection of the said
Corwin therewith.
Mr. JOHNSON. I think I may speak for
every member of the committee, when I say that
we want the facts understood, and all the parties
to have justice done them. The letters are short,
and if read, will show what Mr. Corwin desires.
The Clerk read the first letter, which is as fol-
lows:
Washington City, August 24,1852.
Dear Sir: Amongst the published proceedings of the
House of Representatives on Monday, I have observed a
resolution of inquiry into my connection with the claim of
Dr. Gardiner, before the late Mcxican Commission.
I see by the published proceedings of this day, that you
are the chairman of the committee raised on this resolution.
As the session of Congress is drawing rapidly to a close, I
am sure you will fully comprehend my extreme anxioty,
that your investigation, so far as E am concerned, should
proceed with the utmost possible dispatch.
I most respectfully ask, that you will inform me by the
bearer of this, when T may have the opportunity of present-
ing testimony to the committee. Very respectfully,
THO. CORWIN.
Hon. Andrew Johnson.
Mr. JOHNSON. I will just say in this con-
nection, that the committee met immediately on
the receipt of that letter, and Mr. Corwin was in-
formed that he could attend the next morning,
which he did. The committee then took the ne-
cessary steps, and it was agreed to make the re-
port which has just been read, and which was in
readiness to be made to the House the day before
yesterday. After that report was agreed to, the
letter now about to be read was sent to the com-
mittee.
The Clerk then read the second letter, as fol-
lows:
Washington City, Jlugust 96, 1852.
Dear Sir: I understood tins morning, that the special
committee, of which you are the chairman, have resolved
that they cannotproceed with the investigation assigned to
them.
The anxiety expressed by me to the committee, that it
should investigate and repoitto the present session, induces
die now to request that the committee shall ask and obtain
leave to sit in the vacation, and close the matter bv a re-
poit, so far as I am concerned, as soon as possible. Yours,
respectfully, T1IO. (JORWIN.
tlon. A. Johnson.
Mr. JOHNSON. I will only add, that great
anxiety is manifested by the Secretary of the
Treasury on the one hand, and on the other hand,
by the mover of the resolution, [Mr. Olds,] that
this investigation should be gone into. It is for
the House "to determine what course they will
pursue.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I desire to ask
if the mover of the resolution [Mr. Olds] has not
left the House and gone home ?
Mr. EDGERTON. I will say in behalf of my
colleague, [Mr. Olds,] the mover of the resolu-
tion , who has been called home, that he is exceed-
ingly anxious for the prosecution of this inquiry;
and he requested me so to say to the House, that
he is equally anxious that the committee should
have an opportunity of sitting during the recess,
and ascertaining the facts of the case. I move,
therefore, if it be in order, that the committee have
leave to sit during the recess.
Mr. GENTRY. Mr. Speaker, I do not under-
take to express any opinion whatsoever, founded
upon anything like an investigation of the charges
and imputations that have been made against the
Secretary of the Treasury, whether they are true
or false, just or unjust. Certainly, so far as I can
form an opinion from all my preconceptions of the
character and principles of that officer, I should
hold them to be false, unjust, injurious, and calum-
nious imputations. But yet it cannot be denied,
that men of very high character have sometimes
disappointed the expectations which such a char-
acter has given their friends and the public a right
to entertain. We are not to assume that because
an individual has maintained a high character,
he may not fall from that high position, and dis-
appoint the high expectations which have been
raised, and which his friends have had a right to
indulge. These imputations against Mr. Corwin
are of a character which involve his official and
personal honor. It is his interest to desire that
this investigation, now, after all that has been said,
should be made speedily and promptly, thoroughly
and effectively, if indeed he feels that he is an in-
nocent man. He has a right to demand that he
should have the vindication which a full develop-
ment of the facts of the case would give him. To
so much as this, if he is an injured man, is he en-
titled from this House. On the other hand, those
who have made themselves responsible for these
charges, are interested in having an opportunity
to make good those charges, that they, if they can
substantiate them, may stand vindicated against
the imputation of being false and malicious slan-
derers. Let the investigation, therefore, be had,
and if the Secretary of the Treasury is guilty,
let him be impeached, and if he is innocent, let
him be vindicated; and let his calumniators stand
branded with the infamy and dishonor which they
will deserve. Therefore I say that this committee
ought to sit during the recess.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move that that report be
laid upon the table.
Mr. GENTRY. Sir, I hope not. Every prin-
ciple of justice revolts against such a proceeding.
A member of this House has pertinaciously in-
sisted upon this investigation. This House has
so far entertained the subject as to appoint, upon
his demand, a Select Committee to investigate the
charges. The House now owes it to the country,
to the officer whose character is implicated, to the
member of the House who has made himself re-
sponsible for this proceeding, and to its own char-
acter, not to stop short of a full investigation.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am willing that gentlemen
shall discuss this proposition as much as they
please. All I want to do is to dispose of the civil
and diplomatic appropriation bill. I ask the per-
mission of the House to take up that bill.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I appeal to the gentle-
man to hear me but for a moment.
Mr. HOUSTON. X am perfectly willing to
withdraw my motion to lay the report on the table
for the present. All I desire is to dispose of the
civil and diplomatic bill. It will not take five
minutes to do it.
Mr. RICHARDSON. If my friend will yield
me the floor for a moment, I think we can dispose
of this other matter.
Mr. MEADE. I hope the House has sense of
justice enough to vote against laying the report of
the Select Committee on the table.
Several Members. That motion has been with-
drawn.
[Shouts of " Order!" " Order!" and much con-
fusion.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair inquires of the
gentleman from Alabama, whether he has with-
drawn his motion to lay the report upon the
table ?
Mr. HOUSTON. I did withdraw it.
The SPEAKER. Then the question before
the House is on the motion of the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Edgerton,] that the Select Committee
have leave to sit during the recess.
Mr. EDGERTON. I have reduced my motion
to writing, and I ask the Clerk to read it; and
upon its adoption I call the previous question.
[At this time the greatest possible confusion
prevailed all over the Hall.]
Mr. HOUSTON. I gave way, as a matter of
courtesy, to my friend from Tennessee, [Mr.
Johnson,] but I had no idea of losing the floor,
or of yielding for any other purpose than to en-
able him to present the report of the committee.
I now desire to occupy the attention of the House
so long as to get the civil and diplomatic bill re-
ferred.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot entertain
any motion until the motion of the gentleman from
Ohio is disposed of.
Mr. GENTRY. I suppose that by general
consent, the House can refer the bill, if that is all
the gentleman desires. There will be no objection
to that, I presume.
The SPEAKER. Is it the unanimous wish of
the House 
Mr. RICHARDSON. I rise to a question of
order. The point of order I make is this: that
the gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Houston]
having yielded to the gentleman from Tennessee
[Mr. Johnson] to submit this motion, it is not in
order for the gentleman from Alabama to resume
the floor until the proposition made by the gentle-
man from Tennessee is disposed of.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has so stated to
the House.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I desire to move to
amend the proposition of the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Edgerton,] by enlarging the powers
of the committee.
Mr. EDGERTON. If the gentleman will hear
my proposition read, he will see, I think, that it
is broad enough.
The Clerk then read Mr. Edgerton's motion,
as follows:
That tlie committee have leave to sit in the vacation, to
send for persons and papers, and to examine witnesses un-
der oath.
THE CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. With the permis-
sion of the gentleman, I desire to make a sugges-
tion which I think will relieve the House from
this difficulty. If the House will informally pass
over this subject until the gentleman from Ala-
bama can move the reference of the amendments
of the Senate to the civil and diplomatic bill, they
can then go on with the discussion of this matter.
The SPEAKER. By unanimous consent that
can be done.
No objection was made.
Mr. HOUSTON. The Senate have returned
fifty-five or sixty pages of amendments to the
civil and diplomatic bill. It is utterly impossible
that we can examine them as they ought to be ex-
amined, either in the Committee of Ways and
Means or in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and pass the bill this session. I
therefore submit the motion that the House dis-
agree to all the amendments of the Senate, and
ask for a committee of conference. The Senate
expect us to do this. Several Senators have re-
quested me to take this course. It is the only
course that will save the bill.
Mr. CABELL, of Florida. It will be recol-
lected that at the last session a similar course was
pursued, and the result was that two or three most
important changes were made in the law. At all
events, I insist on the amendments being read.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then I move to suspend
the rules for the purpose I have indicated.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. GENTRY. If the motion of the gentle-
man from Alabama shall prevail, the effect will be,
I suppose, to refer all these amendments to a com-
mittee of conference. Now, I think that is a very
objectionable mode of legislating. It is delegating
all our powers of legislation to a committee of
conference.
Mr. CABELL. I rise to a question of order.
I submit that any member of this House has a
right to insist upon the reading of these amend-
ments before being called upon to vote upon them.
The SPEAKER. The bill is not yet taken up.
