688
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 26,
•alphabetically, and the Senator whose name comes
first of the two having an equal and the highest
number will be the chairman of the committee.
The Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Brodhead,]
therefore, being first on the alphabetical list, will
be considered!- as chairman in preference to the
Senator from Louisiana, [Mr. Socle,] although
the votes for each of these Senators are equal.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I did not desire,Mr. Pres-
ident, to be upon this committee at all, and it is
very certain that I cannot perform the duties of
chairman. I am already chairman of the Com-
mittee of Claims, and the duties imposed'upon me
in that capacity are onerous. I think, too, that
the chairman of this committee ought to speak
both the French and the Spanish languages. 1 do
not speak either; and I hope, therefore, that my
friend from Louisiana, [Mr. Socle,] having the
same number of votes with myself, will take that
post.
Mr. BADGER, (in his seat.) Agreed, agreed.
The PRESIDENT. That is a matter which
can be settled by the committee.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I hope it will be done by
the Senate.
The PRESIDENT. If such is the understand-
ing, the Senator from Louisiana [Mr. Socle] will
be placed first on the committee, and be consid-
ered as chairman.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I hope that, by unanimous
consent, that will be done.
The PRESIDENT. That will be the under-
standing, then.
NON-INTERVENTION.
Mr. CLARKE. I now move that the Senate
postpone all the prior special orders, and proceed
to the consideration of the resolutions on the sub-
ject of "non-intervention," in order that my friend
from New Jersey [Mr. Miller] may have an op-
Eortunity of discussing the subject, as I believe
e is now ready to make his remarks.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I am sorry that I am com-
pelled, on account of my position in relation to an-
other bill, to interpose any objection to this motion.
I am assured that if my bill is made to give way to
this question, an effort will be made to lay that
bill upon the table. The Senator from California
is anxious in regard to a bill which he brought in,
and which was laid aside for the purpose of
taking up this bill. My opinion is, that if we
proceed with the bill which was under discussion
yesterday, we shall be able to take a vote upon it
by three o'clock to-day; and I trust that the Sen-
ate will proceed to the consideration of that bill.
I was present yesterday when the Senator from
Rhode Island made his suggestion to the Senate
in regard to taking up this question to-day; but,
although I was sitting so close to my friend, I did
not hear a word of his proposition, for I was
busily engaged in writing, and supposed he was
moving that the Senate proceed to the considera-
tion of Executive business. I again express the
hope that this bill may be proceeded with and dis-
posed of by the Senate.
Mr. CLARKE. I regret that the honorable
Senator from Iowa has felt it his duty to object to
this motion. It will be recollected that the hon-
orable Senator from New Jersey, on the last occa-
sion when these resolutions were under consider-
ation, when the Senator from Alabama [Mr.
Clemens.] had delivered his speech, took the floor
and was desirous of addressing the Senate at an
early day—on the Tuesday then following. But
at the suggestion of gentlemen he gave way, and
Monday last was specially assigned for the con-
sideration of these resolutions, with a view to ac-
commodate the honorable Senator from New Jer-
sey. On Monday,it is well known, little business
was done, and on Tuesday and Wednesday no at-
tempt was made to get up this subject, in order that
the discussion upon the Iowa land bill might be pro-
ceeded with. The Senator from New Jersey will
necessarily be absent a few days after this week,
and he therefore desires to be heard to-day. He
will not occupy the attention of the Senate for
more than an hour, and then the further consider-
ation can be postponed to accommodate the Sen-
ators from Iowa and California. I am assured
that the honorable Senator will not consume more
than an hour, and I hope the Senate will consent
that he may have an opportunity to be heard to-
day.
Mr. ATCHISON. I trust the honorable Sen-
ator from Iowa will withdraw his objection. It
is announcedthat the honorable Senator from New
Jersey desires to go home. We can certainly talce
up the Iowa bill after the Senator has concluded
his remarks, and take the vote this evening. There
is to be no further speaking, as I understand; no
other gentleman avows the purpose of speaking.
At all events, we can take a vote this evening on
the amendments propbsed. I think it very reason-
able that the Senator from New Jersey should
have the floor under the circumstances.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on post-
poning the prior special orders.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa.. I withdraw my objec-
tion.
Mr. GWIN. I hope the suggestion of the
honorable Senator from Missouri [Mr. Atchison]
will be adopted, and that we shall have a vote on
the land bill thig evening, after the Senator from
New Jersey shall have concluded his remarks.
Mr. ATCHISON. Take the vote now.
Mr. GWIN. I am quite willing, for I want it
out of the way.
The question was then taken on postponing the
prior orders, with a view to take up the joint reso-
lutions, and it was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT stated the pending question
to be upon the amendment of the Senator from
New York, [Mr. Seward.]
Mr. MILLER addressed the Senate in support
of the resolutions. He urged a firm adherence to
the policy of non-intervention as laid down by the
wisdom of Washington. He contrasted the state
of affairs in Europe since the treaty of Utrecht, of
the universal intervention by powers of Europe
in all matters, religious, political, and social, with
our own peaceful and prosperous,progress under
a different policy. He maintained that the policy
which Washington taught was not adopted by him
for a day; but was a great principle to continue for
all time. He strongly recommended a firm and
determined adherence to the present wise policy of
non-intervention, so well declared in the joint reso-
lutions before the Senate.
[Mr. M.'s speech will be found in the Appen-
dix.]
Mr. M. having concluded—
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, I desire to
submit some remarks on this subject, in vindica-
tion of the proposition which I have presented to
the Senate; but as I presume the Senate will not
desire to continue this subject at this late hour of
the day, as to-morrow is private bill day, as the
honorable Senator from Iowa [Mr. Jones] feels a
deep solicitude to have his bill considered and dis-
posed of, and as the honorable Senator from Cali-
fornia [Mr. Gwin]*claims an early consideration
of the business of that State, I have thought it
might be well to postpone this matter, and make it
the special order for some day of the week after
next. If it is agreeable to the Senate, I will say
Tuesday week next, and I move to postpone the
further consideration of the joint resolutions, and
make them the special order for that day.
The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On the motion of Mr. SOULE, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration ofExecutive business;
and after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened,
And the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, February 26, 1852.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Rev. C. M. Bctler.
The Journalof yesterday wasreadand approved.
^J BOUNTY LAND.
The SPEAKER stated that the first business in
order, was the motion to lay on the table joint res-
olution No. 1, being "An act explanatory of the
act approved September 28,1850, entitled ' An act
granting bounty land to certain officers and soldiers
who have been engaged in the military service of
the United States,' " as amended by the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. 1 would ask
permission of the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Bennett,] who is entitled to the floor, to
allow me a single minute.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the special order reported from the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union on yester-
day.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I insist on
proceeding with the regular order of business.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I ask for in-
formation as to how it is that the regular order of
business becomes changed ? For every morning
lately discussion upon the railroad bills has been
the regular order of business. That now seems
to be superseded.
. The SPEAKER. That would be the regular
order of business for the morning hour, but for
the fact that the special order reported from the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union upon yesterday,'becomes the regular busi-
ness, from day to day, until disposed of. Being
a special order, it overrides all other business.
Mr. JOHNSON. That is under a rule of the
House.
The SPEAKER. Under the regular rules, and
the order of the House, making this a special order
fi%m day to day until disposed off it takes prece-
dence in the House as it did in committee.
Upon the motion to lay the joint resolution, as
reported from the committee, on the table, the
yeas and nays had been ordered.
Mr. PULLER, of Maine. Let the amendments
adopted by the committee be read.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk informs the Chair
that the reading of the bill, as amended and re-
ported, will present the amendmants in their order
as adopted by the committee.
Mr. STUART. That is so, Mr. Speaker; but
the House cannot understand these amendments,
unless they are read in the order they were pro-
posed.
Mr. ROBBINS. 1 ask that the bill be read as
amended.
Mr. GORMAN. I will suggest to the House
that all of these amendments are contained in their
order in the "Globe," which is placed before
every gentleman. I cannot see the necessity of
reading them all over. Every member can see the
precise order in which they were adopted, if he
sees proper to take up the Globe.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. The gentle-
man must perceive that each member would have
to read the whole debate.
The amendments were then severally read.
The question was then taken upon the motion
to lay upon the table, and it was disagreed to—
yeas 80, nays 92—as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Wm. Appleton, Ashe, Bartlett, Beale,
Bowne, Bragg, Brenton, Briggs, Brooks, Barrows, Lewis
D. Campbell, Cartter, Caskie, Chandler, Chapman, Clark,
Cleveland, Curtis, Daniel, George T. Davis, Doty, Duikee,
Eastman, Fitch, Fowler, Thomas J. D. Fuller," Giddmgs,
Gilmore, Goodenow, Grow, Hall, Hart, Haws, Haven,
Henn, Hibbard, Hereford, Howatd, Thomas V. How,
Ingersoll, Jenkins, George W. Jones, J. Clancy Jones,
Preston King, Kuhns, Kurtz, Letcher, McCorkle, McNair,
Meade, H. I). Moore, Morehead, Newton, Andrew Parker,
Peaslee, Perkins, Rantoul, Robie, Saekett. Schermerhorn,
Schooleiaft, Sehoonmaker, Scurry, David L. Seymour,
Origen S. Seymour, Skelton, Benjamin Stanton, Thaddeus
Stevens, Stratton, Stuart, Sutherland. Benjamin Thomp-
son, Thurston, Toombs, Townshend, Walbridge, Wallace,
Wells, Wildriek, and Woodward—80.
NAYS—Messrs. Abercrombie,'Willis Allen, Allison,
Averett, Barrere, Bell, Bennett, John H. Boyd, Breeken-
ridge, Albert G. Brown, Busby, E. Carrington Cabell, J.
Cable, Caldwell, Thompson Campbell, Church well, Cling-
man, Cobb, Cottman, John G. Davis, Disney, Duncan,
Dunham, Edgerton, Edmundson, Evans, Ewing, Fieklin,
Florence, Freeman, Henry M. Fuller, Gamble, Gaylord,
Gentry, Gorman, Grey, Hamilton, Hammond, Harper, I. G.
Harris, Sampson W. Harris, Hebard, Hendricks, Hunter,
Jackson, Andrew Johnson, James Johnson, John Johnson,
Robeit W. Johnson, Daniel T.Jones, Landry, Loekart,
Maee, Humphrey Marshall, McMullin, Meacham, Miller,
Molony, John Moore, Moirisou, Murphy, Nabers, Olds,
Outlaw, Samuel W. Parker, Penniman, Polk, Porter, Price,
Richardson, Robbing Robinson, Savage. Smart, Snow,
Stanly, Fredeiick P. Stanton, Rtehard H. Stanton, Abra-
ham P. Stevens, Stone, Strother, Tayloi, Walsh, Ward,
Washburn, Watkins, Welch, Addison White, Alexander
White, Wilcox, Williams, and Yates—92.
So the bill was not laid upon the table.
The question now recurred on ordering the main
question to be put; and it was so ordered.
Mr. ROBBINS. Is it not in order to move to
recommit this bill to the Committee oil Public
Lands at this time ?
The SPEAKER.. That motion is not in order.
The question now is, upon concurring with the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
in their amendments.
_ The first amendment, striking out the first sec-
tion of the joint resolution, was concurred in with-
out a division.
