1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1551
examine it sufficiently. I would like to have an-
other day for its consideration, and therefore I
move to postpone the further consideration of the
bill until to-morrow.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Might I suggest an
amendment now, before the question is taken upon
the motion to postpone?
The PRESIDENT. The Senator cannot offer
an amendment unless the motion to postpone is
withdrawn.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. If the Senator from
Florida will withdraw the motion for a moment,
I will renew it.
Mr. MALLORY. Certainly; I will withdraw
it.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Mr. President, I cannot
vote for this bill as it stands. I wish to read it,
and to call the attention of Senators to it fora mo-
ment. It has been somewhat restored to its ori-
ginal form, and it reads thus:
"That if any person or corporation shall hereafter im-
port, or have in po^es-sion for puipo&es ol traffic 01 sale,
any articles imported into the Umred States trom anv 101-
eign territory adjoining or near thereto, and manulactuied
in whole or in pait in any bitch territory by any process or
machine, or by any substantial modification or any piocesa.
or machine for which there may be at the unie a
- patent owned by any citizen ol the United States, vudi per-
son or corporation bhall, upon due proof theioor', belotc any
court of competent jurisdiction, he deemed to have in-
fringed said patent, and be liable," &c.
Now, suppose a Western merchant goes to New
York or Boston and buys a great many articles
thus imported from Canada, and should take them
to the West for the purpose of merchandising, is
not that merchant, under the provisions of this
bill, subjected toitspenalties ? I think he is, because
the idea suggested by the Senator from South
Carolina has not been met. If you will say that
the person shall not do this knowingly, or having
knowledge that the articles were manufactured in
the adjoining province of Canada, then I will
agree to the bill; but if you do not insert into the
bill any clause which exempts a person from pen-
alty, if he acts innocently—without the knowledge
that these articles which he thus buys in Boston
or New York have been manufactured across the
line by some machine patented in the United
States, and brought here in violation of our patent
laws—I cannot agree to it. I therefore think that
we ought to insert after the word " and," in the
sixth line, the words "knowing them to have
been manufactured." If he has any knowledge
that they have been manufactured in Canada by
a machine,patented in our country, then he would
be guilty, in substance, of a violation of the patent
laws. As I promised my friend from Florida to
renew the motion to postpone, I merely suggest
the amendment, hoping that those who take an
interest in the bill will examine it, and see whether
the amendment which I have suggested is not ne-
cessary. I do not offer the amendment now, but
I would suggest it so that the friends of the bill
may examine it, and make the guilty act depend-
ent upon knowledge, as suggested by the Senator
from South Carolina. I now renew the motion
to postpone the further consideration of the bill
until to-morrow.
Mr. BRADBURY. I supposed such would be
the construction of the bill without the insertion of
the clause suggested by the Senator from Ken-
tucky. I wish to get a vote on the bill to-day,
and if the Senator from Florida will withdraw the
motion to postpone, I shall offer an amendment,
to insert after the word " possession," the words
" knowing the same to have been imported."
The PRESIDENT. The proposition is to post-
pone the further consideration of the bill. No
amendment can be offereij unless that motion is
withdrawn or voted down.
Mr. BRADBURY. I hope my friend from
Kentucky will withdraw the motion.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I cannot withdraw it.
It was originally made by my friend from Florida,
and I renewed it in consequence of my pledge to
him.
Mr. MILLER. The clause of which the Sen-
ator from Kentucky complains is not a new clause
at all. It is copied from our own patent laws pro-
tecting the rights of our own citizens against in-
vasion within the United States. Let us take the
case cited by my friend from Kentucky, of a mer-
chant going to New York and purchasing a coun-
terfeit patented article; it is not now necessary to
prove that he had knowledge that it was not in
truth manufactured by the owner of the patent or
his assignee. If you find the article in his posses-
sion, under our patent laws now, regulating our
| own citizens, he may be made liable for an in-
fringement of the patent, although he knew not at
the time he bought the article whether it was made
by a patented machine or not.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I can never consent to
that principle. If that is so, there is greater ne-
cessity for postponing the further consideration of
the bill. &
Mr. MILLER. As this bill was originally
drawn, and as it came from the Committeemen the
| Judiciary, I think the gentleman will find that it
embraces the same clause which is contained in
our other patent laws, and certainly we ought not
to extend to persons who infringe these patents in
the Canadian Provinces, and all persons purchasing
under them, any greater rights or privileges than
we extend to our own citizens.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
NOTICE OF A BIT.L.
Mr. UNDERWOOD gave notice of his inten-
tion to ask leave to introduce a bill to change the
name of the steamer Brilliant.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On the motion of Mr. ATCHISON, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of Executive busi-
ness, and after two hours spent therein, the doors
were reopened, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, June 10, 1852.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Rev. Littleton1 F. Morgan.
The Journal of yesterday was read and appro ved.
The SPEAKER. The business first in order
is the consideration of House bill No. 271, grant-
ing the right of way and a portion of the public
land to the States of Florida and Alabama, for the
construction of certain railroads in said States.
Mr. BUSBY. 1 ask the consent of the House
to withdraw from the files of the House the papers
and petition of Joseph Sloan.
The SPEAKER. For what purpose does the
gentleman desire to withdraw them?
Mr. BUSBY. That they may be returned to
the memorialist.
Mr. ORR. That is unusual, 1 think; isit not?
The SPEAKER, it is unusual, unless copies
be left on the files, which the Chair supposes the
gentleman will see is done. The order will be
entered upon the Journal, with that understanding.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I want to make a bar-
gain with the House. Let me take up one little
bill upon the table, and pass U this morning, nnd
■\ will not trouble them anymore. It is the bill to
grant preemption rights to settlers along the Cen-
tra) Railroad in Illinois.
The SPEAKER. Upon the measure immedi-
ately before the House, the gentleman from South
Carolina [Mr. Orr] is entitled to the floor. Does I
the gentleman yield the floor to the gentleman from j
Illinois, [Mr. Richardson5] [
Mr. ORR. I cannot yield the floor. |
The SPEAKER. The hill under consideration I
will be reported by the Clerk. |
The Clerk according!)7 reported to the House j
"A bill granting the right of way and a portion j
of the public lands to the States of A labama and j
Florida, for the construction of certain railroads in j
said State."
The SPEAKER. The pending motion is to
recommit the bill to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. STANLY. The gentleman from South
Carolina [Mr. Orr] will pardon me a moment. I
want to inquire how tins bill £ets before the House
at this time? I was under the impression that
another bill would take precedence of this in the
order of business.
The SPEAKER. It was reported by the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, which fact confines the
bill to the morning hour, and is kept within the
morning hour by the pending motion to recommit.
Mr. STANLY. What becomes of the bill re-
ported by the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Bennett,] yesterday, granting lands to the States
generally for railroad and educational purposes3
The SPEAKER. That will be the next busi-
ness in order, according to the opinion of the
j Chair. This bill being first reported, and being in
i precisely the same condition as the one reported
j by the gentleman from New York, should be first
disposed of.
Mr. ORR. I propose to offer a substitute for
! the bill which was reported by the committee. The
! variation between it and the original bill is a very
! slight one. In the first section of the substitute,
the branch of the road provided to be run upon
■ that road from Pensacola Bay to Montgomery,
: out in the direction of the Chattahoochee river, has
been stricken out, and another branch from the
, road, in the direction of Mobile Bay, to connect
; with the terminus of the Gerard road, substituted.
| There is another provision in the substitute, al-
| lowing the privilege to the Gerard road to cross
j this road, and an equal share of the public lands
( within six miles of the road.
; _ The entire bill is a precise copy of the Missouri
; bill m all of its features. The same guards are
thrown around this bill which are contained in
that bill; and although it has not been returned
; from the printer, yet the House can be informed
as to its contents as well without the printed bill
1 before them as with it.
Mr. MARTIN, (interrupting.) I should like
to make a few observations on the subject of these
! bills.
Mr. ORR. I do not like to be unaccommo-
dating; but still 
Mr. MARTIN. I will trouble the House but
j a few moments.
Mr. OR,R. If the gentleman will be brief, I
] will yield the floor, if it will be in order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that if
the gentleman yields the floor for explanation, it
is in accordance with the practice here, and is in
order; but if the gentleman yields the floor for
any other purpose, he yields it altogether.
Mr. ORR. I do not know what course to pur-
j sue. I know that the Committee on Public Lands
have got into rather a bad odor in the House, in
consequence of keeping their bills before the
House, and thereby preventing other committees
reporting. We submit a report, and the friends
of the particular measure desire to be heard. It
is right and proper that they should be heard.
Their constituents are interested, and they want
to put themselves right before them. Other gen-
tleman desire to be heard, and only one hour being
devoted to the call of committees, we find that the
Committee on Public Lands has consumed very
much of that hour for the last three or four months.
Mr. MARTIN. I will only occupy about ten
minutes' time for an explanation.
Mr. ORR. I yield for an explanation.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I understood the
Chair to deride that if the gentleman yields the
floor for any other purpose than for explanation,
he will lose it altogether.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did so decide.
Mr. JONES. Then I ask the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Martin] if he has any personal
explanation in relation to these bills?
Mr. MARTIN. My explanation relates to
these bills generally. I can get through with what
I have to say before you can settle this question.
Mr. JONES. I wish to inquire if the gentle-
man from South Carolina [Mr. Orr] is upon the
floor, or the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Martin ?]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from South
Carolina is entitled to the floor, but has yielded it
for explanation, to the gentleman from New York.
Mr. JONES. Then I hope the gentleman will
confine his remarks to matters of explanation.
Mr. MARTIN commenced some remarks, in
which he was arrested on the ground of irrele-
vancy.
Mr. ORR. The opponents of bills granting al-
ternate sections of the public land for the puipose
of aiding in the construction of railroads, have
never yet, in my opinion, stated the question with
any fairness. It is charged upon those who have
favoied the policy, that they were propositions
for the giving away—the squandering—of thirty-
five million acres of the public land, which is
worth, at the Government price, $50,000,000.
That is true as far as it goes, but it is not the
statement of the whole case. These giants do not
amount to a gift which impoverishes the Govern-
ment one farthing. The means in the Treasury
are not reduced. It is just as rich after the dona-
tion has been made, as it was previously. You
