2416
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 38.
•each amendment to. the appropriation bill read,
■before; I -am called- upon to vote upon-it.
. The SPEAKER. The question -is -not debat-
able. . ,
Mr. EWING. I appeal from the decision of
the Chair. Js that question debatable ?
The SPEAKER. It ia not.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I object to.any
-debate.
Mr. LETCHER. I move that the House.ad-
iourn. We.are doing liothinghere.
[Cries of "No!" "No!" "No!"]
The question was taken, and the House refused
,to adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The question is upon the
appeal.
Mr. CH.ASTA1N. I move to lay the.appeal
-upon the table.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I 'desire to
state a simple proposition.
Mr. STUART. .I object to any discussion.
The SPEAKER. It ls.objectedto, and debate
is out of order.
Mr. STANTON- I wish to make an inquiry
of the Chair.
Mr. STUART. I object to any-statement or
inquiry.
Mr. STANTON. Is it not in order to make
an inquiry?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Stanton] asks the consent of the
House to make an inquiry of the Chair.
Mr. STUART. Iobject.
Mr. MEADE. I rise to a question of order.
The SPEAKER. There is a question of order
already pending, and it is not debatable.
Mr. MEADE. What is that question ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair .will be happy to
state it, if the House will come to order.
Mr. CHASTAIN. Now, I move to lay the
appeal upon the table.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to state,
that there may be no misunderstanding in .regard
to the question of order, that the gentleman from
Alabama [Mr. Hoeston] moved that the rules be
„ suspended—-the bill having been taken up byunan-
4mous consent—for the purpose of submitting.a
proposition that this House reject the amendments
.proposed by the Senate-to thecivil and1 diplomatic
appropriation bill,t and that.this House appoint ,a
committee of conference to confer with a commit-
tee upon the part of the Senate upon the disagree-
ments between the two Houses. The gentleman
from Florida [Mr. Cabell] demanded that the
Senate amendments be read. The Chair decided
that he had a right to call for and have those amend-
ments read. The gentleman from NorthCarolina
[Mr. Clingman] rose in his place, and moved a
.suspension of the rule which gives the gentleman
from Florida that right. The Chair entertains
that motion. The gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Ewing] appeals from the decision of the Chair.
The Chair is not well informed upon which point
the gentleman appeals. The Chair has stated the
entire of this matter with perfect fairness.
Mr. EWING. No doubt of that; butthe Chair
does not understand my motion. I will state it.
[Cries of" No I" "No!""No!"]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has a right
to state briefly the decision of the Chair from which
he appeals.
Mr. EWING. I will state it as briefly as I
can. I understand that a member asking inform-
ally, and for the sake of information, to have an
^amendment or any proposition re-read is not
entitled to it, and that this privilege may be re-
fused to him by a majority of the House. The
Chair decides that it is merely under a conven-
tional rule of the House that any member may
ask for the original reading, to know what he is
voting upon, or is called 10 vote upon; but that
the rule may at any time be suspended, and any
member may be forced to vote upon any proposi-
tion which has never been read. X appeal from
that decision of the Chair.
[Cries of "(Question !" "Question!" " Ques-
tion !"]
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I hope the
57th rule will be read.
A Voice It has heen read.
[Cries of " Order!" "Order!"]
The SPEAKER. The rules of parliamentary
•practice composed in Jefferson's Manual, shall
1 govern the -House in all cases to which they are
'.applicable, and .in .which they, are not inconsistent
' with the standing rules and order of the House,
' and the joint utiles of-.the "Senate and House of
' Representatives." .Thatia the rule of the House.
Now, Jefferson's .Manual, -according to the recol-
lection of theChair, gi.ves to any -member, called
upon to.vote upon.a. ;pap.er, the right.to ,hear it
read. It thereby becomes part of the rules, and
governs this body, according, to our own written
rules. The Chair .decides that that rule, as well,
as.any .other rule in-the book, can be dispensed
with by a -majority of two thirds. Upon that
point theChair understands that-the,gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. ;Ewing] appeals from the
decision of the Chair.
Mr., JOHNSON. ;I<am in hopes that ,the-57 th
rule,will be read.
The,SPEAKER. The rule.will be-ag^in read,
unless it is objected to.
Mr.SW-E&TSER. I.object.
Mr. WARD. I would like to make a single
inquiry, of the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The Chair, would be happy
to respond to any inquiry gentlemen may make,
if it is the pleasure of the-House.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. I object; and I
call every gentleman to order who. is-out of order.
[Laughter-.]
Mr. .MEADE. I wish to say one word.
Mr. HARRIS. This debate is,not in order,
and I call the gentleman-, to order.
Mr. MEADE. The gentleman does not know
,what 
[Cries of "Order!" "Order!" "Order!"]
The SPEAKER. Debate, is out of order.
Mr. MEADE. The gentleman does not know
whether I am in order or-not.
[Cries of " Order!". "Order!" "Order!"]
The SPEAKER. .There is a question of.order
pending, and-debate is not in order.
Mr. MEADE. It is that .question .which I
want to know.
[Cries of "Order!" "Order!" "Order!"]
The SPEAKER. -The Chair trusts the House
,will hear the gentiejaan from Virginia.
Mr. MEADE. I wish to<know of the Chair
• whether, I understand the. question ?
[Cries of " Order!" "Order!"] . ?
The, SPEAKER. .The gentleman is qut of
order, as gentlemen insist upon enforcing the rules.
The question recurring, upqn the motion to.- lay
the appeal upon the table,
Mr. WARD asked for the yeas and nays.
Mr. ORR. Give us the.yeas.and nays. It is
an outrageous,decision.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. GENTRY. Is it in order to move -an
.adjournment?
The SPEAKER. It is not in order.
Mr. GENTRY. Then I hope we shall pro-
ceed.
[Cries of " Call the roll!" " Call the roll!"]
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state the
principle involved in,the appeal. It involves one
single point. The Chair decides that the rule,
under which a member may have a paper read at
his discretion, may be suspended as other rules of
the House.
Mr. MEADE. That is not the question.
[Cries of " Order!" " Order !"]
Mr. MEADE. The question.is, whether I.shall
be compelled to vote upon a paper which has not
been read ?
[Cries of "Order!" "Order!" all over the
House.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair is exhausted in
his efforts to keep order.-and, will be compelled to
resort to the power which belongs to the officers
of this House unless order is maintained.
Several Voices. "That is right!" "That is
right!"
Mr. GENTRY. I hope the House will sustain
the Chair.
Mr.-BAYLY, of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I
desire 
! The SPEAKER. Debate is out of order.
| Mr. MEADE. The proposition is stated from
i the Chair different from what it was before stated.
; The SPEAKER. The gentleman is mistaken.
; The Chair has repeated it again and again in pre-
t cise language; and it is the question to be voted
j upon.
Mr. STANLY. I beg pardon of the Chair,
I but I wish to ask him one.question.
The SPEAKER. If the House will indulge
the gentleman, the Chair would be happy to, hear
him. ■ ...
Many Members. "Iobject!" "I object!"
Mr. BAYLY. I -wish-to ask a-question.
Mr. GENTRY. I call the.gentleman to,order.
.Mr.-BAYLY. -1 have:a rightito ask :a ques-
tion.
The.SPEAKER. The gentleman is not in.order
in propounding a question to the Chair, for that
is debate,;and, none.is allowed.
Mr. BAYLY. -I have a right, before I vote, to
inquire what your decision is.
The SPEAKER. It has been stated.
Mr. BAYLY. Have not I a right to do that?
[Cries of " Order!" " Order!"]
Mr. CA K.TTER. I ask that the call of the roll
shall.proceed.
The.SPEAKER.. The.Chair asks gentlemen
upon all hands to take their seats, and preserve
their own -dignity as w.ell as the dignity of this
body. The Chair announces again that unless
gentlemen do obey the authority of the Chair, the
Chair will call upon the Sergeant-at-Arms to aid
him in executing the rules of this body.
The question was then taken upon the motion
to lay the appeal Upon the table, and it was de-
cided in the affirmative—yeas 78, nays 65; as fol-
lows:
YEAS-—Messrs. Charles Alien, Averett, BocockvBngg,
Brings, Albert G. Brown,.B.urrows^Busby, Joseph Cable,
Caldwell, Lewis D. Campbell, Tliompson Campbell, Cart-
ter, Chandler, Chapman, Chastain, Clingman, Conger, John
G. Davis, Dawson, Doty, Dunham, Eastman, Edgerton,
Evans, Faulkner, Floyd, Gentry, Gorman, Grey, Hall,
Ieham G. Harris, Hart/Haws, Hendricks, JJenn, Hibbard,
Horsford, Houston, Howard, Ives, Jackson, Jenkins, An-
drew Johnson., John Johnson.'Robert W. Johnson, Daniel
T. Jones, George W. Jones, Geo. G. King, Preston King,
Kurtz, L^teher,'Martin, -Morrison, Murphy, Andrew Par-
ker, Samuel W. Parker, l'easlee, Peun, Perkins, Phelps,
Reed, Riddle, Robbing, Robie, Seudder, SkeitQn, Frederick
P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, 'Abraham P. Stephens,
Strotlier, Tavlor, Thurston, Venable, Washburn, Watkins,
WelU, and Wildrick—78.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Allison, Ashe, Babcock, TI103.
H. Bayly, Barrere, Bibighaus, Bowie, John H. Boyd,
George H. Brown, Buell, E. Carrington Cabell, Ca«kje,
Clark,Cleveland, Cobb, Colcoek,Daniel, Dirnmick, Dock-
ety, Ewyig, Florence, Fowler, Henry M. Fuller, GayJord,
Goodenow, Goodrich, Green, Hannnond, Haiper, fiajscaSJ,
Haven, 'Hebard, Holladay, John W. Howe, T.hotnas Y.
How, Mann, McCorkle, McQueen,-Meade, MHIson< John
Moore,.-Morehead,'Murray,Newton, Orr, Outlaw; Penm-
man, Powell, Price,-JiicHard8on,;Scbooamaker, David L.
Seymour, Stanly, Benjamin Stanton, Thaddeus Stevens,
•Stuart, Sweets&r,'Tuck,'W&lbridge, Walsh,'Ward, Welch,
Woodward,-and Yates—65.
So the appeal was laid upon the table.
Mr.-STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I call for'
the yeas and nays upon the motion to suspend the
rules. I want to know if we are to vote upon
what we know nothing at-all about?
Mr. GENTRY. I rise to a question of order.
I do not intend to delay or embarrass the Chair
with unnecessary importunity upon .any point of
order, and it is my rule to submit even when I
think it is wrong, rather than « reate confusion by
unnecessary points of order.
The 57th rule -says that when the reading of
any paper is called for* ajnd it is objected to by
any member, it shall be determined by a vote of
the House. My question of order is, that upon
the question raised by my honorable friend from
Florida, [Mr. Cabell,] the simple question is,
Shall the paper.be read ? That the House can de-
termine; and the motion to suspend the rules is
out of place, because it implies that it requires a.
.suspension of the rules to do that which by an
express rule of the House may be done by a ma-
jority of the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair makes a distinc-
tion, and thinks that the gentleman will, upon re-
flection, agree with the Chair upon the point.
The Chair again repeats, that any member upon
the floor may have a paper read at the Clerk's
desk upon which he is called upon to vote for the
first time. No member may have it read a second
time without a vote of the House. There is the
distinction.
Several Voices. " That is right!" " That is
right!"
The SPEAKER. It is a motion to read a paper
which the rules of the House do not require to be
read that that rule was made for.
Mr. GENTRY. It resolves itself into a sort
of technicality. If amendments to the civil.and
diplomatic bill are not to be regarded,as papers,
.then the 57th rule does not apply to them.
