642
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 27,
denounces the compromise as " a shameless sur-
render;" descants upon the " outrage" of thedis-
memberment of Texas; and treats with disrespect
and contempt the counsel that we should take the
compromise as " the best we could get, "
8, On the 21st of May he replies to Mr. Footed
charge of being in association with Abolitionists,
and shows that their opposition to the bill is for
contrary reasons.
9. On the 13th of August, he protests against
the passage of the bill admitting California; re-
peats his position, as being against the constitu-
tionality of the bill; declares that the States are
sovereign; advocates secession, and declares his
allegiance to Alabama, intimating that those who
support the bill are traitors to the South, and
would sell their souls to Satan, and betray the
Saviour himself, if he were to come again on
earth, for half the money which Judas obtained.
Such were the positions taken by Mr. Jerry
Clemens,a Senator from Alabama, in the Senate
of the United States, in the year of our Lord 1850.
But, iri the year 1851, in the month of December,
Mr. Jerry Clemens, according to tfce speech he
lately delivered, is an entirely different man, and
exhibits an entirely new character. In the former
year, he is a State-Rights, Resistance man—in
the latter, he is a consolidation Submissionist; in
the former year, he denounces the compromise as
unconstitutional and unendurable by the South-
in the latter, he defends it as constitutional and
the source of great blessings to the country; in
the former year, he denounces the Submissionists
to the compromise as traitors—in the latter, he
becomes one himself, and denounces the Resist-
ance men as traitors; in the former year, he des-
cants on a dissolution of the Union, as the "sharp
and severe remedy "—in the latter, he praises the
Union, just as Mr. Cass and Mr. Clay had clone
before him; in the former year, he treated with
just scorn and contempt the pictures of blood and
woe which were then portrayed as the conse-
quences of the disunion policy—in the next year,
he becomes a picture maker in the same line him-
self; in the former year, he declares the States
sovereign—in the latter, that they are not sover-
eign; in the former year, he declares that his alle-
giance is due to Alabama—in the latter, that no
allegiance of his is d^e to her, for she cannot 'pun-
ish treason; in the former year, he supports seces-
sion—in the latter he denounces it; and crowns the
whole by the assertion, that Jefferson, the Virginia
report and resolutions of 1798 and 1799, with
Calhoun and McDuffie also, all denied the right
of secession.
Now, the Senate is in possession of what I pro-
posed to prove. This is but a synopsis of the po-
sitions of the Senator from Alabama, and a very
imperfect synopsis. If the Senate will attend to
the languagel shall read,used by the Senator from
Alabama, I think they will find "in the sequel, that
I have not only not overstated them, but that 1
have not stated his inconsistency in the full force
which his own words would portray. And if I
make all this to appear, as I think I shall, will he
not prove to be n. very proper specimen of morality
and honor, standing up in the Senate of the United
States, to arraign the conduct or principles of
other Senators ?
Now, Mr. President, for the extracts to which
I have alluded. On the 20th of December—-(you
see, sir, he began very early, he could not wait
till other Senators began; he began himself; fore-
most in hfs zeal for the interests and honor of the
South)—on the 20th of December, before Mr. Clay
offered his resolutions, he came out in the Senate
and offered a series of resolutions calling upon the
President for information upon the following sub-
jects: First, whether he had appointed a civil and
military governor for California, since March last;
second, whether any agent had been sent out to
California to assist in the formation of a State
government; third, how the persons calling them-
Be}ve® legates to the convention were elected,
who fixed the cjualifications of voters, and what
those qualifications were; fourth, whether any
census of the inhabitants of California had been
taken andby whatlaw;and, fifth, the instructions
which were given by the Government to the civil
and military Governor. On the 7th of January
these resolutions came uj) for consideration in the
fcenate, and the Senator, in his remarks supporting
their passage, said: 1 &
My attention was called to the subject by the Governor
of the State of Alabama. The people of that Stale believe
that a fraud had been practiced, and they called for inform-
ation, What a farce it is to say, you oppose, and still do
the same tilings which the Wilmot proviso proposes to ac-
complish. Are we to be treated like sick children, who are
induced to take the medicine offered them, by giving the
pill a coat of sugar," &c.
See, sir, what a beautifully line figure he uses
for putting the Wilmot proviso upon the South,
by the admission of California with her constitu-
tion prohibiting slavery, instead of passing it-di-
rectly in a territorial bill.
<e You will not pass the Wilmot proviso, but yon come
here and pass the same principle which that proviso in-
volves, and in doing so you violate all precedent since the
establishment of the Government. And why will you do
it ? Will a single Senator get up and say that be would
vote for the admission of that State, were it not for the ex-
istence of slavery m the country? Is there one here who
would be so reckless as to vote" for the admission of Cali-
fornia, were it not for the slavery question ? I say it is a
matter which we ought to know all about, and I intend to
know all about it."
Sir, that is pretty strong language; language
which I heartily approve. Not being then in pub-
lic life, and a mere spectator afar off, I was look-
ing to the Senator from Alabama as one of our
most brilliant leaders. To the great men of the
: South, especially to her Senators, the people of
the South turned with intense anxiety to point the
way to redemption, to honor, and to peace, and to
him among the number.
Now, sir, on the 10th of January the Vermont
resolutions came up. These resolutions covered
the whole ground of the question of slavery, de-
nouncing it in all parts of the country; and on
these resolutions the Senator from Alabama early
got the floor, and here is what he says:
il T wish to show my constituents that the declarations so
often and so earnestly made, that the North docs not intend
to interfeie with slavery where it exists, is entirely false,
and intended only to dcccive. The game lias been played
with some success heretofore, and I should consider myself
very culpable, iff did not now expose it " * * *
'•The Senator from Ohio [Mr. Chase] says that he is
not to be deterred, by menaces of disunion, from pursuing
the course he has mm krd out for himself. I have no wish
to deter him. I want him and other Northern men to come
up boldly, and do what they tell us their constituent*- have
demanded "********
"The South, Mr. President, disclaims the language of
menace, but it is nevertheless due to all parties that her
deliberate purposes should be known. We do not intend to
stand still and have our throats cut, because the butcher
chooses to sooth us with the operation of honeyed word5*.
You can deceive us no longer by the catch-words ' con-
ciliation and harmony.' Nor can ourvoicesbe stilled by the
fear of incurring the reproach of imprudence. 1 said the
other day, and I say now, that the time for prudential action
has gone by. It is this prudence, of which we have heard
so much, that has brought us to the situation in which we
now arc. It is this constant talk about prudential action
which has induced the people of the North to believe that
we do not intend to resist.
"There is a point at which prudence changes from a
virtue to a vice, and it often happens that it is uied only as
another name/or cowardice. It is not to be wondered at if
our good brethren of the North have mistaken the one for
the other, and have thus found courage to persist in a cru-
sade which promised to be unattended wirli danger. I
know not if they will thank me for undeceiving thorn, but it
is my habit to deal plainly with alt men; and*I now pro-
claim that you have reachea the utmost limit to which you
can go. There js a hue beyond which you must not pas?.
You have matched up to it, and now rrtm it if you dare."
Sir, is not that bold and striking language—lan-
guage worthy of a Southern man contending for
the great interests and the honor of the South?
But, he proceeds:
" I do not say this to intimidate. I do not believe it will
have that effect. On the contrary, T believe with the Sen-
ator from South Carolina, [Mr. Calhoun,] that this move-
ment mil run its course, and end, as all similar things have
ended, in blood and tears." * * * " He whocamiot
now trace out, strip hy step, each successive event of the
future, haslearned but little from the past history of man kind,
and is ill fitted to be the law giver of a nation. The North
will not save the Union, and the South cannot; unless,
indeed, wc submit to indignities and wrongs of so degrading
a character as would almost make our fathers 'burst the
ceiements of the tomb,' and come amongst us once more to
denounce and disoirn the degenerate descendants u-ho had
disgraced a glorious ancestry. We know well what we have
to expect. Northern demands have assumed a form which
it is impossible for us to misunderstand. First, conies our ex-
clusion fiom our territory ; next, abolition in the District
of Columbia—m thefoits, arsenals, dock-vards, &c.; then,
the prohibition of the slave trade between the States; and
finally, total abolition. These results aie just as certain,
unless the first step is firmly resisted, as that the sun will
rise to-morrow, and the night will follow his going down.
Heretofore, it has been pretended that it was not the purpose
of any considerable bodv at the North to interfere with
slavery in the States j but this is an illusion which these
resolutions have eome in good time to dispel. T ahrayi
knew it was false; but I did not expect to see the cloak so
soon thrown aside. Hut even if it were tiue, i would stij)
say I do not choose to plaec myself at your mercy. I will
not exchange the fortifications which the Constitution has
thrown around my rights for a frail reliance on yoar gener-
osity or your forbearance. Concession never yet satisfied
fanaticism, nor has the march of the wrong-doer ever been
stayed by the supplications of the sufferer. Situated as we
are, the impulse of manliness is the dictate of prudence.
Our duty and our obvious policy, ahke demand that we
should meet the danger on the threshold, and fall or con-
quer there. It is of no consequence by what name you
choose to designate your aggression. When a principle is
established, which must bring not only poverty but desola-
tion and death to the South, it is immaterial whether you
call it abolition, free soil, or, to use the phrase of the Sena-
tor from Ohio, [Mr. Chask,] free democracy;; the end is the
same, and so should be the resistance also. When the fall
of the out works must follow the fall of the citadel, he is a
poor commander who hesitates to ri9k everything in their
defence. It is so with us; we cannot yield an inch of
ground we now occupy, without compromising oar safety,
and whatis worse, incurring the reproach ofeternalinfamy.
None but children can be imposed upon by the miserable
delusion that abolition will pause in the midst of its sue-
£g«=PS." ft * r * -fr h
"I have no threats to make—they are out of time and
place; but I tell yon, more m sorrow than in anger, not only
that you must pause * but that you must retrace your steps.
The guarantees of the Constitution must be respected, and
its promises held sacred, or the most weak and timid man
in the State I represent would scorn your alliance and
shatter your Covjederacy. Indeed. I do not know but whaS
it is now too late, and that this Union, over which you have
preached so much, and about which so many eloquent sen-
tences have been penned, is already at an end.i}
He considered the Union already at an end.
That was upwards of twelve months ago; and yet
he is standing here now, after all the measures he
was denouncing are-consummated, its art! ent cham-
pion, and calling those who say it ought to be re-
formed or dissolved bad men, I go on:
" Certainly you have severed mauy of its strongest tie;*,
and but little remains besides that fortoal separation which
imbittered feelings must soon render a necessity. You did
enough to dissolve it when you commenced organized rob-
beries of our property—when you murdered our citizens
Yes, sir, that murder was before the compro-
mise;but now since the compromise, when another
murder is perpetrated in the effort to enforce the
fugitive slave law, where is his indignation?
Who heard him say in his late speech defending
the compromise and the execution of the fugitive
slave law, anything charging the North!
"You murdered our citizens when yon violated every
constitutional obligation, and forgot every tie which bound
us together as a people. Rcsei ve then your denunciations of
disunion lor yourselves." * * " However much I may
have loved the Union, I love the liberties of my native land
fai more'T and you have taught me that they may become
antagonists—that tiie existence of the one might be incom-
patible with the other."
He further says, " you have violated every con-
stitutional obligation and forgotten every tie that
binds us as a people;" and concludes his speech,
which is admirable in its tone and substance,
describing two classes of traitors, as follows;
"There are two classes of these who have brought this
Government to the points at which we now stand—actuated
by very different motives and principles, but equally culpa-
ble, and equally chargeable with the crime of treason to the
land. The first is, that band of Northern fanatics who, re-
gardless of right, regardless of the Constitution, forgetful
of nil past obligations, and of all moral and social ties,
have excitcd and continued a wild and reckless warfare
upon an institution of which they know nothing, and whose
blessings or curses should have been alike indifferent to
them. The second class is one for whom I have less re-
spect, and of whom I always speak with less patience. It
is the timid, hesitating, shrinking portion fri our own sec-
tion of the Union who are afraid to march up to the line 
to meet the oppressor on the confines, and hurl him back the
very moment his footsteps press forbidden ground."
At this time California was not yet in the Union,
and the traitors in the South were the timid and
shrinking who feared to resist. Are those less
traitors who have submitted afterwards? Where
is the Senator from Alabama now? He continues:
" A great poet, in the story of liis visit to the infernal je-
gions, gives a description of certain souls which aptiv ap-
plies to them. He found them outside the gates of'holl,
and says :
"' Here with those caitiff angels they abide
Who stood aloof m heaven—to God iintroe,
Yet wanting courage with Ins foes to Mile.
Heaven cast tliem forth, its beauty not to stain,
And hell refuses to receive them too;
From them no glory could the damned obtain,' 
Sir, according to this poetry, which he applies
to others, if his present position is that of submis-
sion, he could have no glory with the damned.
The infernal regions itself is not a fit place for him.
Mark, Mr. President, I do not myself say that
this is his position. I am using the Senator's own
words. I will go on with his brave positions.
On the 11th of February, (for the Senator did
not on one occasion only thus gallantly arraign
those who were invading- the rights of the South,
or were disposed to surrender them; no sir;
again and again he couched his lance and dashed
into the conflict; again and again he met the
