1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1555
provides that the owners of the steamboat Bril-
liant sjiall be authorized to change the name of
said boat to that of Mary Hunt; and that they
may make a new register at the port of Louisville,'
Kentucky.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. BRIGHT gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill for increasing the com-
pensation of the_'Assistant Postmaster Generals,
and to provide for their appointment hereafter by
and with the advice and consetit'of the Senate.
ISLAND OF SANTA CRUZ.
Mr. G-WIN submitted the following resolution;
which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be directed
to report to the Senate whether any portion of the public
domain on the Island of Santa Cruz, in the State of Cuh-
forma, has been leased by him to any person or persons,
and if so, that he furnish, for the use of the Senate, a copy
of the lease, together with any legal opinion that may have
been given regarding the power to lease the public domain,
and to state under what law of the United such lease may
have been made.
DUTIES ILI.F:GALI.Y|EXACTED.
M*. GWIN submitted the following resolution;
which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed
to report to the Senate the sums of money paid by him, or
by his authority, to persons claiming the same under the
act of August 8, 1846, as duties which had been illegally ex-
acted, and whether swell payments into the Treasury were
made under protest.
THE GARDNER CLAIM.
Mr. SOULE submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of State do communicate
to the Senate whatever information he may have obtained
in Mexico, and elsewhere, in relation to the Gardner claim,
adjudicated upon by the Board of Commissioners organized
under the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo.
REMEDIES TO PATENTEES.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Since yesterday I have
had a conference with some of the gentlemen from
the North, who are much interested in the bill
giving further remedies to patentees; and I have
also conferred with other friends who took an
active part in the debate upon this bill when it was
under consideration yesterday. We have agreed
on all hands to certain amendments, which I am
inclined to think will readily be assented to by the
Senate. I think the bill will not give rise to de-
bate, and I trust it may be taken up and passed,
as there are yet a few minutes to one o'clock. I
move to postpone all prior orders, for the purpose
of taking up that bill.
The motion was agreed to, and the bill was
considered by the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. There are several slight
amendments I now wish to offer. I move to strike
out the word " and," in the sixth line of the first
section, and insert in lieu thereof the words
"knowing them to have been," so that it will
read, "knowing them to have been manufactured,"
&c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. That amendmenthaving
been adopted, there is now no objection to insert
the word " use" between the words " traffic" and
or" in the fourth line of the same section; so
that it will read, " for the purpose of traffic, use,
or sale."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. In the tenth line of the
same section the word " subsistence" ought to be
(f subsisting." This is a mere verbal inaccuracy.
The amendment was agreed to, and the first
section, as thus amended, was read, as follows:
Beitenactedhy the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States vf America in Congress assembled,
That if any person or corporation shall hereafter import or
have in possession for the purpose of traffic, use, or sale,
any articles imported into the United States from any for-
eign territory adjoining or near thereto, knowing them to
- have been manufactured, in whole or in part, in any such
territory, by any process or machine, or by any substantial
modification of any process or machine for which there
may be at the time a subsisting patent, owned by any citi-
izen of the United States, such peison or corporation shall,
upon due proof thereof, before any court of competent ju-
risdiction, be deemed to have infringed said patent, and be
liable for all damages, in the same manner and to the same
extent as in other cases of infringement.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. In the second section,
at the sixth line, I move to strike out the words
" of the," between the words " any" and " arti-
cles."
The motion to strike out was agreed to.
Mr. UNDERWOOD, i further move to strike
out of the same line the words " described in,"
and insert "imported, or purchased, in violation
of."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I further move to amend
by striking out the word " or," between " sale"
and " traffic," in thesameline, and insert, after the
word " traffic," the words " or use."
The amendment was agreed to, and the section,
as thus amended, was read, as follows:
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it farther enacted, That whenever a pat-
entee, or any person holding under him, shall file a bill m
equity, verified by oath or affirmation, m the circuit or dis-
trict court of the United States, complaining that any per-
son or corporation has imported, or has in possession, for
sale, traffic, or use, any articles imported, or purchased, in
violation of the preceding section, and shall make it appear,
to the satisfaction of the judge, that the facts alleged are
probably true, the said judge shall ismic an ordei to the
marshal, dnecting him to take said articles into Ins custody,
and hold the same, subject to the final order of court: and
may further, by injunction, restrain the sale of, and tiafiic
in, said articles: Frovidei', however, That from all judg-
ments and decrees of said courts, a writ of en or or appeal
shall lie in the same manner as is now provided by law in
relation to othei judgments or decrees.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. These are all the amend-
ments which we wish to offer.
Mr. HUNTER, It seems to me that this is the
first step towards the establishment of a very dan-
gerous precedent. If we provide for this particu-
lar invention, to prevent the introduction of articles
manufactured abroad from being introduced into
the United States, why shall we not make the same
provision for the protection of the invention of every
other patent machine? And if we make this pro-
vision in relation to Canada, that being a foreign
country , why not make it in relation to all others ?
Where is the distinction in point of principle?
Shall we not, in justice to other inventors, be
forced to extend the principle when they make an
application for it? And if we do, can we imagine
a more fruitful source of litigation than it will
open? I believe there is great danger that it will
lead to retaliation on the part of other Govern-
ments; and I submit whether we shall not com-
mit a greater injury by thus attempting to remedy
this particular evil, than if we let the matter alone
altogether? 1 understand there is a remedy for
these inventors, that they might take out a patent
in Canada itself; and it seems to me it would be
far better to leave them to that remedy, than to be-
gin to establish such a principle as this bill in-
volves. I think the Senate should weigh this
matter well before they establish this precedent;
for they may rely upon it that, if it is established,
others will come here and claim—and claim justly,
too—that we shall legislate in then* favor also; and
I do not see how we can resist their application.
Mr. MILLER. As the morning hour is nearly
passed, I wish to appeal to the Senator from Vir-
ginia to allow this bill *o be engrossed, and then, if
any gentleman wishes to discuss the matter further,
he can do so when it comes up m the Senate.
Mr. SEWARD. If the Senator from Virginia
will consent to that, there will be no objection, I
presume.
Mr. HUNTER. If the consideration of the bill
can be postponed, I have no objection. I do not
want to delay the bill, but I would like to look
into it a little further.
Mr. MILLER. I suppose there will be no ob-
jection. It will have to oe engrossed; and I do
not suppose there is any probability that it can be
passed to-day.
Mr. SEWARD. I will say one word in reply
to the suggestion of the Senator from Virginia,
[Mr. Hunter,] and shall postpone any further
remarks until after the engrossing of the bill.
It seems to me necessary now to say, in reply
to so much of the argument of the Senator as sup-
poses that there is a remedy for this difficulty by
going into Canada, and taking out apatent there,
that the cases of injury which have brought this
bill before the Senate, arise in respect of patents
which have been already renewed and extended—
very meritorious' patents, about which there has
been no contention. I speak particularly of a pat-
ent for turning irregular forms of wood, for wnich
it is impossible to get a patent in England, and to
which, therefore, the argument of the Senator from
Virginia will not apply.
In regard to the question raised by that honor-
able Senator, that we are establishing a new prin-
ciple, I submit, for his consideration, that there is
really no such embarrassment in this case. In re-
gard to the violation of patents, we have laws
which enable us to protect the rights of inventors
by arresting the fraudulent manufacturer of the pat-
ented articles. Thatistheremedyunderourpres-
ent system. We must reach the person of the in-
fringer, and we must be able to reach his machine,
and for that purpose he must be a resident of the
United States. Therefore, without seizing on the
production of the patented article, we can, in such
cases, punish infringement, prevent piracy, and
protect the rights of inventors. But, where a per-
son resident in this country is in the possession of
a patent, and another person, wishing to evade
that patent, goes into the adjacent province of Can-
ada, and there erects his machine, he is beyond
our reach, and is subject to no law that we can
enact. We cannot visit him with the punishments
authorized by our laws; we cannot reach him, and
seize his machine, and breakit up, as we could do
if he were a resident of the United States. There
is no remedy, then, but to prevent the importation
of articles manufactured abroad for the purpose of
defeating the constitutional policy of the United
States, which is the protection of manufacturers in
their property.
I throw out these suggestions, without desiring
to go into the debate now; and I will yield the
floor for the purpose of allowing the motion of the
Senator from Virginia to be put.
Mr. HUNTER. I would rather that the bill
should not be engrossed now. I should prefer to
examine the question more attentively.
Mr. BRADBURY. Unless a bill of this char-
acter shall be adopted, the Senate will perceive
that the effect of the want of such protection will
be to transfer the manufacture of all patented arti-
cles to the other side of the line—to Canada; be-
cause it is easy for individuals to carry their ma-
chines into the adjacent foreign territory, there
manufacture the articles, and bring them into the
United States, and thus evade the law.
I think that if the Senator from Virginia had
been present yesterday, he would have perceived,
from the discussion which then took place, the ne-
cessity for such a law as this. He will also per-
ceive, that as it is limited in its operation to arti-
cles brought from an adjacent territory, it is not
liable to any of the objections which he has urged.
Mr. BAYARD. As this bill stands amended,
I have two objections to it. The first one may be
remedied, being, perhaps, only verbal; but the
second is an objection of principle. I think the
words " adjacent or near to," are altogether too
indefinite, and might, by construction, be made to
include Europe, and certainly the West India
Islands. If the object is, as I suppose it to be, to
prevent the article being constructed or made in
Canada, or the British possessions on the conti-
nent, and then brought into the United States, I
would rather that different language were used. I
think, as it stands, it is altogether too indefinite.
The other objection which I have, goes to the
whole bill. If 1 understand rightly the principle
of the patent laws of this country, or of England,
they have confined themselves to this principle—
that, though it may be right to protect the inventor
in the enjoyment of the exclusive privilege which
you give him, in consequence of his discovery,
that protection has never proceeded upon any
other principle than that of allowing him the right
to call to account, the person who was the vender
of the article infringing the patent. It has never
gone to the extent of subjecting the consumer to
the will of the patentee because the article in-
fringing the patent may be found in his posses-
sion. I conceive that great evils must necessarily
grow out of the adoption of such a principle. The
liability to suit of any individual in the United
States, who may have in his possession an article,
as to the right to make which there is a contro-
versy, is of itself a very great evil. No man will
stand a suit in such case for the purpose of vindi-
cating the right of another, and thus the patentee,
by threatening those who may have these articles
in their possession, is enabled, in case of a dis-
puted patent, to enforce an unjust riglrt against the
community at laree. I submit that the principle
is a doubtful one aYto its merits. _ No nation has
ever acted upon the principle of giving to the pat-
entee the right to enforce against the consumer, by
