1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
643
cheerins;s, not of submissionists and compro-
misers here with whom he now stands, but of all
the true and brave men in the South who looked
here for counsel and guidance,)—on the 11th of
February a debate arose on the question whether
a petition should be received presented by the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire, praying that the Union
should be dissolved. The Senator from Alabama
said, in reply to the avowals of the Senator from
Ohio, [Mr. Chase,] and other Northern Senators:
" If Senators desire us to believe them sincere in their
professions of love foi the Union, that sincerity ought to be
manifested by their conduct. Who has put the Union in
danger? Not the South, for we have committed no aggres-
sions, and propose to commit none. We are responsible
only for makmg known our determination to resist oppres-
sion, come from what quarter it may. It is the North, and
the North alone, who are the agitators. Jt is the North
alone by whom this fair fabric ha? been shaken toits center;
and the allegation that there are Southern disuniomsts for
the sake of disunion is an unmitigated calumny which shall
not be pronounccd in my hearing without being branded as
it deserves. If you love the Union so much, cease \ our
aggressions—pause in your ejforts to destroy the Constitu-
tion, which is Us only bond. You need be under 110 appre-
hensions for the Union, unless your conduct makes its
destruction a duty. From the South you have nothing to
fear so long as you do not attempt to perpetrate a wrong."
[Remembet that all this time the compromise is the matter
under consideration.] " J do not misunderstand the policy
which causes you to denounce those who defend the lights
of the weaker section—who have dared to step between
power and its victim—as factionists and disorganizes.*'
His conclusion is very fine—worthy of a Southern
Senator basely assailed and maligned because he
does his duty. It is as follows:
tc For myself I have a duty before mo which can make
no demands and impose no risks or annoyances that I am
not ready to meet. Anyone may pursue a pathwav strewed
with roses: it requires men to tread where thorns and bt am-
bles cumber the way. I expected to be denounced, to be mis-
understood by some, and calumniated by others !"
That is applicable to myself. I have expected
that I would be calumniated, as he himself ex-
pected to be, for defending the rights and interests
of the South. 1 am sorry that I must use this
language of the Senator as being so applicable to
himself. He says.
" Much of this I cannot prevent; but when the charge
is made here m my presence that I am a factiomst, or that
those who act with me ate so, I shall repel it m terms that
admit of no double meaning. Sir, I do not believe that
there is a man in the entire South who desires disunion for
itself. I hope, also, that there is not one who will sutler ins
rights to be invaded, or his honor tarnished, no matter vhat
winy be the cost of remittance. We mean at all hitzatds to
defend the Constitution. If that is /action, we are guilty.
If that is disunion, we are disumomsts. i! that is cume
against the Republic, we have much to answer for.
"I have heard enough, Mi. President, of hvpocriti:al
whining about the Union, from those who are its deadhest 1
foes. If you want peace, vouhave only to ?ay so. Lotus
alone. We ask no more. Or, if you will not do that,
spare us your lamentations. If you are determined to de-
stroy the Constitution, bt; men, own it publicly, and take
the responsibility. Donotseek to shift it to ourshouldem."
Well, sir, that is not all. On the 20th of Feb-
ruary, Mr. Clay's resolutions came up for con-
sideration in the Senate, and here is the way he
discourses about the constitutionality of the ad-
mission of California:
" If she has a right to foim a constitution and State gov-
ernment, hci right to regulate the subject of slavery is un-
questionable."
But he shows that, ha\ing 110 law of Congress
authorizing her toformaconstitution and be a State,
she was no State. H« goes on as follows:
u No territonal government was ever established in Cali-
fornia. The people who framed its constitution were not
inhabitants, in the legal meaning of tile word. They were
composed of Indians, Mexicans, and a wild band of adven-
turers from every quarter of the globe, allured by the lust
of gold to the shoies of the Pacific, many of them without
a permanent residence anywhere, and four fifths of them
without the lemolest intention of remaining in the country
whose organic law thev undeitook to ftftablisb.
" I do not speak without authority upon this point. I
have here the message ot the Governor of California, who,
it is to be presumed, is acquainted with the ■character of the
population of which he is the chief. He describes them as
follows: •'Already we have almost every vanety of the
* human racc among u>—a heterogeneous mast, of human
i beings, of eveiy language and hue.' "
<K Yet these persons, not citizens of the United States,
owing no allegiance to this Government, not speaking our
language even, or understanding our laws, undertake to
erect a sovereign State out of our public domain; and with
a cool impudence which almost commands admiration, call
upon us to sanction their action, and give validity to a most
extraordinary usurpation."
*******
" In California no census has been taken : there is no
law fixing her boundaries; no law regulating tiie tune,
places, and manner of holding elections; no law to deter-
mine the qualifications of voters; no evidence and 110 reason
to believe that she contains a free population equal to the
prevent ratio of representation. A military governor, acting
under the order of the President, usurped the power of Con-
gress, directed the mode or manner of proceeding, substi-
tuted Ills will for law, and conducted to its final consum-
mattou a drama of fraud and trickery unparalleled in the
annals of any land. In other times the actor^in these law-
less scenes would have been held to a fearful reckoning;
but the strength of party ties, and the u«ual shrinking of
ordinary minds from the face of great dangers Jias not only
dissipated the sense of accountability, but left it a matter of
doubt whether the Congress of the United States will not
assume the act and throw around its own shoulders a man-
tle more deadly than the poisoned shirt of Nessus. Instead
of vindicating the majesty of the law, and trampling down
a dangerous usurpation, we are merely deliberating whether
temporary quiet may not be putchased by unmanly acqui-
escence. I say temporary quiet, because all experience
has demonstrated that no weak expedient evei sufficed to
cure a serious evil. In political as in physical illness., the
cause must be removed before the disease can be eradi-
cated. The admission of California will do nothing towards
arresting the current of abolition aggressions. It will be re-
garded everywhere as an anti-slavery triumph, as one more
work carried, from the shelter of which the assailing paity
may the more effectually annoy and harass the assailed.
Yet the Senator from Kentucky says that we yield nothing
by assenting to it. I quote his own language:
Well now, is there any concession in this resolution
'by either party to the other? I know that gentlemen who
1 come from slaveholding States say the North gets all that it
'desires, but by whom does it get it? Does it get it by any
'action of Congress? If slavery be interdicted within the
'limits of California, has it been done by Congress.? No,
'sir. That interdiction is imposed by California herself.' "
Now hear his answer to Mr. Clay:
" I answer, thntcven/thing is conceded by the admission of
California. The whole matter in controversy terminates
at oiicc. The North gets all she ever asked—gets it hy the
action of Congress in direct violation of the great legal prin-
ciple, that the wrong-doer shall not profit by his own wrong.
Who among us does not know that agitation in the State
Legislatures, and in the National Congress, ha« prevented
Southern emigration to California, and placed the countiy
m the power of those who have imposed this restriction?
Who is there so blind as not to see that this has been the
result of aggressions commenced here ? And who doc*, not
feci that Congress is responsible for the fact, thatslaveiy has
been excluded ? Property is timid. The slaveholder would
not carry his property there with a threat hanging over httn,
that it was to be taken fiom him by operation of law, the
moment lie landed. Agitation, then, 111 Congress; repeated
dcelaiation-., made everywhere—in State Legislatures, in
conventions, by the press, from the pulpit even—that slavery
should be excluded from California by law, have deprived
us of our constitutional rights, as certainly and effectually
as any positive enactment could have done. And we arc
now asked notonlv to submit to it, but to accept it as a boon,
and be very thankful for the outrage. Sir, I prefer the Jill
mot proviso direct. I prefer it because it is bolder, plainer,
and moit' manly. The robbrt who meets me 011 ihe high-
way and demands the suriendei of mvptopeit\, leaves, me
at least the option of a contest, and is entitled to (ar moie
respect than the as^a^m who links behind the comer and
stah-j 111 the daik. So, fen, he who deprives ineof my legal
right" hy open means, is alwavs entitled to higher respect
than he who seek> to accomplish the '•nine end by deception
and trickeiv. 1 hold that whatevei opposition is due to the
Wilniot ptoviso, whatever resistance it demand*, is doubly
due to this si heme of smuggling a soreiei«n State into ihe
Union. Very piobably this will be set down to Hie account
of faction. Itis the fashion so todenounce whateverissaid
by any Southern man, which aigues tuuh to his section of
the Union.-"
The Senator from Alabama is now in favor of
the compromise; but in this speech he showed
what sort of things compromises have been to the
South. He then denounced them all, and the pro-
posed compromise of Mr. Clay in particular:
" The great error, Mr. President, into winch the Senator
from Kentucky has fallen, and the one to which may be
traced much that is wiong in his judgment, and all that is
weak in ins aigument, 1* in supposing that th^re must, of
necessity, be a compromise. The Constitution itself is a
compromise, and a compromise with a compromise is
something unheard of in law, and unknown in equity. If the
people of the North will not abide by a compromise delib-
erately made, and created by common consent into the
pai amount law ot the land, what hope can we have that
any less solemn covenant will restrain them in future ? We
want no compromise. A bond has been executed, and we
are willing to abide by its terms. If we are to go 011 coin- j
piotm&mg away provision after provision of the Conmtu- «
tion,it is better that it should be abrogated at. once. In point !
of fact, it is a nullity, or rather, to speak more correctly, it \
is powerless for protection, and potent only when it comes
to tad Northern aggressions
Here he says, that the Constitution is a nullity
and something worse, because it is actually an in-
strument in the hands of the North by which the
South is oppressed. " Let me illustrate my
meaning," he says, and he illustrates as follows:
" The majority claim a given powei, (110 matter how ex-
travagant, and no mattei whether it relates to slavery or
not ;f the minority deny the existence of any such power.
Attcr months, or it may be yeais, of fierce struggles and
contentions, it 1^ acceded to, and one half is given up. In
a little hiie another contest is begun foi the remainder.
Another compromise follows, and another half is yielded ;
and so on, until the stronger party gets all it demand-.
Sir, I want no compromise of this soif. I stand upon the
Constitution. If a reckless and unmincipled ma]oritv
choose to violate that instrument, theie is a remedy sharp
and severe, it is true, but just and inevitable in its appli-
cation. , _ _ _
" What, Mr President, have we to compromise ? what
have we demanded? What favor even have we asked?
Tell me, you who talk of compromises, what is it that
Southern men ask at your hands? Nothing, sir; nothing.
Humbler even than Lazarus at the rich man's gate, we have
appealed to you neither for charity nor sympathy. What
we have once given up, we have never sought to reclaim.
Whatever burdens the Constitution imposes, we are willing
to bear. Beyond this, no man ought to go, and 110 freeman
will go.
" f have had occasion to say so much in my short service
here of tiie Union and its value, of the wrongs to which we
are subjected, and the appropiate remedy for them, that it
is with the utmost reluctance I again approach the subject.
The Senator from Kentucky has favored us with a bloody
and disastrous picture of disunion, and the Senator from
Michigan, a short tune afterwards, in a carefully prepared
speech, followed in the same lugubrious strain.
" Mr. Cass, There was no preparation on the subject.
The remarks never occuired to me until the moment they
were uttered.
Mr. Clemens. Well, that i« a small matter. What I
mean to assert is, that both of those Senators endeavored
to impress upon .the country the belief that wai mu^t follow
on the heels of disunion. ttoth of them, no doubt, believe
that such is the case; but in my deliberate judgment all
that is fancy merely. 1 cannot see why war should follow
a separation. On "the contrary, I think the good sense of
botli nations would teach them that if they must part, it
had better be after the manner of the Patriarch of Old,
and that each should say to the other, 4 Let there be 110
strife. I pray thee, between me and thee, nor between thy
herdsmen and my herdsmen, for we be bretluen.' But if it
should be otheui'ise; if war must come; if civil discord
and paternal strife should mar the beauty of the land, the
responsibility must attach, not to those who maintain the
right, hut to those in whom the dictates of justice have
been silenced by the robber's instinct."
* * ., * * * * *
111 warn them that bloody pictures will scarcely frighten
us from our propiiety. We mean to defend our rights in
all contingencies, andconscquences must take care of them-
selves
You see, sir, the Senator was not to be fright-
ened by bloody pictures of disunion. At this time
lie held them in profound scorn and contempt.
But turn to his last speech, which he delivered the
other day, and you will see what a sombre pencil
he uses 111 the same line. Then, again, speaking
of the Farewell Address of Washington, he useu
this language:
a Ft is the constant piactice of those who are seeking to
oppiess us. both in Congic^s and elsewhere, to descant with
much pathos upon the Faiewell Address of Washington, j
and to commend to our consideration his last advice to his '
countrjmen. Sir, the memory of that great man should be
like the tabled tree in the inlands of the East, within whose
shadow no unclean thing will harbor. His name should be
a foi bidden woid when anything mean, or base, or selfish,
is to be accomplished. L' astol all should it over be quoted
to sanction meditated tyranny. lie won an immortality ol
1 enowii by resistance to oppi ession. His glory had its birth
111 sunpathj' for the wronged, and owed its brightness to
rebellion. If he were hung now, his whole hutojy leaves
no loom to doubt 011 which side of this great controversy he
would be found."
The President's message, transmitting the con-
stitution of California to the Senate, was transmitted
oh the 13th of February. On the 20th of Febru-
ary, 011 the question of reference, the Senator from
Alabama addressed the Senate. It is a labored
effort to prove that California cannot be admitted
into the Union, consistent with the Constitution.
Mr. Clay had submitted his compromise resolu-
tions on the 29th of January, and on their charac-
ter the Senator remarked as follows:
" After all the leflection which he [Mr. Clay] has been
able 10 bestow upon the subject, aided by the resources of
his lone experience, and his great tamilianty with difficult
questions m trying tunes, he has been able to sugge.-t no
remedy which does not recognize the right of aggression on
the one side, and demand an unconditional submission 011
the other. He has submitted for our con-ideiation a series
of resolutions dignified null the name of <a compromise,'
but winch, like most other compromises between the weak
and the strong. I-, little better than a cloak to hide trom the
public eaze a hideous wrong." * * 4< lie comes forward
now with a coinpioimse which concedes everything de-
manded by the Noith, and proposes nothing for the satis-
faction of the South but the reasseition, m less solemn
form, of rights already guarantied and admitted."
On the 8th of May, the Committee of Thirteen
made their report. The Senator from Alabama
immediately attacked it. He affirmed that the
report and the resolutions offered by Mr. Clay oil
the 29th January, were the same ill purport; and
on this ground he rebuked Mr. Masgum, for
intimating an acquiescence in the compromise
measures:
<£ 1 a^k," he exclaimed, "in all sincerity, and with an
anxious desire to he corrected if my impressions are erro-
neous, what is this report but a repetition ot those resolu-
tion.-? Where is there a solitary deviation from them in
anv vital point.' The Senatoi from Kentucky [Mi. Clay]
has been consistent; he ha*abided by his ongmal plan; and
tho-e of us who deiiouncod it then, cannot support it now,
1 and claim the merit of consistency. To do bo, would be
1 oivma the he duect to the declarations we then made." * *
i ''•The Senator from NorthCaiolma speaks ot liberality I—of
I the piopricty and necessity of liberality ! Sir, the Constitu-
1 tion n not a thing about which, we are atliberty to exercise
I that very commendable quality. It is not in my power to
j exercise' liberality here. I have no right to trifle with my
