2420
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 28,
vices, but he actually performed them after the
expiration of his term of office; for which he has
not been paid. I have a statement of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury in relation to the service.
He should have discontinued his work at the new
custom-house on the 1st of July, 1851; but it ap-
pears, by the reports of the commissioner rela-
tive to the building, made from time to time, that
he continued to act until the 1st January, 1852,
for which he has received no compensation. The
reason of that is stated in a preceding part of the
report. I have only to state that, agreeably to a
proviso annexed to the appropriation for the build-
ing—the act passed 3d of March, 1851—the salary
of Mr. Crockett was discontinued after the 30th
June, 1851; but he continued to act, as it appears
by the reports of the commissioner relative to the
building, made from time to time, until the first
day of January, 1852. I called the attention of
the Senators from Louisiana, in a private conver-
sation, to this subject. Senators will remember
that, at the close of the last session, we abolished,
suddenly, the office of superintendent, or com-
missioner for building this custom-house at New
Orleans, and entered into a new arrangement.
Although he was notified of this on the 30th of
June, 1851, it did not go into effect, except that
the law prohibited the payment of any salary
from 30th June, 1850, until the 1st day of Janu-
ary, 1852; so that he continued to discharge the
duties until the 1st January, 1852. The Senator
from Louisiana, if he has heard me distinctly,
will probably know how this is.
The PRESIDENT. The amendment will be
received, if such is the pleasure of the Senate.
Mr. HUNTER. It appears to me to be a pri-
vate claim. However, the Senate have seemed
not to regard the rule.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair is fully aware
that the Senate has departed from the rule, and
the Chair is therefore under the control of the Sen-
ate. The Chair has decided that, in his opinion,
this is a private claim.
Mr. BELL. But I hope the Senate will not,
in this instance, take the opinion of the Chair, and
vote down the amendment.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair's suggestion
was simply this: That many amendments had
been brought forward of a similar nature, and the
Senate had thought proper to entertain them, the
Chair entertaining the opinion that they were not
admissible; but it was the pleasure of the Senate
to admit them. Now, if such is the pleasure of
the Senate, this amendment will be received.
Mr. HUNTER. I think it my duty to insist
on the rule. At this late period of the session, I
am anxious to get the bill through and over to the
House at once. If you put any more amend-
ments on the bill, they will all be voted down. I
hope the Senator will not insist on his amend-
ment.
Mr. BELL. If gentlemen want to debate it, I
do not desire to embarrass the bill.
Mr. PRATT. I think it inappropriate at this
late period of the session to attempt to raise the
salaries of officers employed by the Government
of the United States. "VVe cannot know—we have
not time to inquire, what they are now receiving.
We have not an opportunity of knowing what
ought to be received, and what may be the neces-
sary expenditures at the places at which they may
be located. I hope this amendment will not be
received. It is a private claim undoubtedly. I
hope the Senate will not depart from the rule.
Mr. BELL. It has been received.
Mr. PRATT. I hope the Senate will vote it
down.
Mr. BELL. It is no more a private claim than
many which the Senate have admitted. But the
honorable Senator seems to labor under a misap-
prehension of the amendment. It does not pro-
pose to increase the compensation of an officer.
The Senator has made an objection to the amend-
ment without understanding its nature.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I desire to offer an amend-
ment, to which I presume there will be no objec-
tion. It relates to the laborers upon the extension
of the Capitol. We have provided for clerks who
have constant employment, and it seems to me
now that we should look a little to the interest of
those who are frequently out of employment. My
amendment is to add the following to the bill:
Sec. —. Be it farther cnacted, That to enable the Arch-
itect to pay the workmen on the extension of the Capitol
thirty days' pay during the suspension of the work, the sum
of ^-18,000 be paid out of the appropriation authorized by
the joint resolution approved April 13tll, 1852: Provided,
That no workman shall be paid who was not employed at
the time of the suspension of said work, or who was dis-
charged for incapacity or irregularity of conduct.
Mr. ADAMS. I raise the question of order
whether that amendment can be received ?
The PRESIDENT. It cannot be received.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I appeal from the decision
of the Chair. I think the question ought to be
put upon the amendment.
The PRESIDENT. XJnder the rule of the
Senate, the Chair decides that the amendment
cannot be received, inasmuch as it involves a pri-
vate claim. The rule is positive, that no private
claim shall be incorporated upon an appropriation
bill. Prom the decision of the Chair the Senator
appeals. The question, therefore, will be whether
the Senate will sustain the Chair in bis decision.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I ask for the yeas and
nays upon that question.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. HALE. I desire to propound a question
to the Chair, whether it requires a majority to
sustain him in his decision ? Last night, while
another Presiding Officer was in the chair, it was
decided that it required a majority to overrule the
Chair.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair has decided
that the opinion of the gentleman who then occu-
pied the chair was correct. It requires a majority
of the Senate to overrule the decision of the Pre-
siding Officer.
The decision of the Chair was sustained by the
Senate, and consequently the amendment was not
received.
Mr. WALKER. I move to amend the bill by
inserting in it, after the appropriations for the
Territories, the following:
For the paymentof the sum audited by the properoflicers
of the Treasury, to John Catlin, for his salary as Secretary
and ece officio acting Governor of Wisconsin Territory, from
the 10th of Jane, 1848, to March 4th, 1849, a sum not ex-
ceeding $1,817 26.
I have only to say, that the account of Mr. Cat-
lin has passed the Auditor. Why it is not con-
tained in the estimates submitted to us this year, I
do not know, but the Senate once passed it with-
out a word of objection. The papers were before
the committee, the account was audited, and the
Senate once put the allowance in the bill before it
went to the House of Representatives; hut in the
great number of cases which were then submitted to
the committees of conference, the papers were lost,
and the account stands now upon the books of the
Auditor as an audited account. The Senate has
once passed it without a dissenting voice.
The PRESIDENT. It stands on the same foot-
ing as the amendment offered by the Senator from
Tennessee.
Mr. WALKER. This is not a private claim,
but it is to pay an officer of the Government for
discharging his duty. His account, has already
been audited.
The PRESIDENT. It is the same thing, if the
services were rendered after the term expired. The
Chair will, however, put the amendment, as in
other cases.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. CLARKE. I desire to amend the follow-
ing clause in the bill:
" For compensation and contingent expenses of the Aux-
iliary Guard, $14,800."
There are thirty members of that guard. By
the present appropriation, fifteen receive $500 a
year, and the other fifteen receive $420. At first,
there was no difference between them, but since that
fifteen have made application, and have had an in-
crease of their salaries to $500. The other fifteen
perform the same service, but receive a less salary,
and I only desire an increase of'$1,200 in the ap-
propriation, in order that all may be put upon the
same footing. I therefore move to strike out
$14,800, and insert $16,000, and insert at the end
of the clause, " each member of the guard to re-
ceive an annual salary of $500." This will bean
increase of $80 a year to fifteen of the guard, and
will make their salaries equal to those of the other
fifteen.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. CLARKE. 1 move to amend the follow-
ing section in the bill, by striking out " $18,000,"
and inserting " §6,000:"
"For salary and outfit of a Commissioner to reside in
China, including the additional compensation under the act
tocarry into effect certain provisions m the treaties, between
the United States and China and th*> Ottoman Porte*
$18,00!>."
# That is the appropriation made for the Commis-
sioner to China. The Constitution, in my opin-
ion, is directly against the appropriation being
made at this time; and then another objection I
have to it is, that it is inexpedient; but as it is
in the face of the direct provision of the Constitu-
tion, I ask that the amendment may be agreed to.
The amendment was rejected, there being, on a
division—ayes 17, noes 17.
Mr. MANGUM. I understand that last night
the appropriation in the bill for the Census Bureau
was stricken out, and that the Senate to-day have
concurred in that. I wish to bring to the atten-
tion of the Senate the fact, that in the event no ap-
propriation is made for the continuation of that
service, the force must of necessity be disbanded,
and the work cannot be accomplished. I move,
therefore, to insert in the bill—
For clerk hire, stationery, rents, fuel, and contingencies,
and the completion of the census of 1850, $49,000."
I alter the amount appropriated from $50,000 to
$49,000. If gentlemen choose to disband the
force, and discontinue the labor, they have to
take the responsibility. I bring the question be-
fore the Senate.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair is under the
impression that, as the amendment changes the
amount appropriated, it is in order; otherwise, it
would not be.
Mr. BORLAND. I have a word to say on the
subject. The appropriation was stricken out of
the bill by a vote of the Senate last night. The
Senator from North Carolina was not here. Thfs
morning, by another vote, the Senate concurred
in striking out the appropriation. I undertook to-
show last night, and I think I did show—if, how-
ever, I did not show it then to the satisfaction of
the Senate, I think I can do so now—that the
appropriation ought not to be made. I based it
upon the general statement, that, instead of there
being no money in the Treasury appropriated to
the census, there are $75,000 there. A note has
been laid on the tables of Senators this morning,
in which it is stated, that unless the appropriation
is made the whole force will have to be disbanded.
If there were time for the discussion of the matter,
I could show,from papers in my possession, that
that force ought to bedisbanded; that more money
has been wasted, squandered, than the Senate or
the country would tolerate, if the facts were lai(J
before them. There have been employed, at one
time, I understand, nearly one hundred and ninety
clerks. There are now employed from one hun-
dred and forty to one hundred and fifty clerkvs.
The proposition, when it is stated, is monstrous
in itself. Looking back to the Sixth Census, we
find there were twenty persons employed, and
$60,000 appropriated for compiling the returns.
The whole cost of collecting the statistics, com-
piling them for publication, and printing and bind-
ing the whole document, and the abstract of the
compendium, was $904,000. We have already
paid $1,250,000 for this work; and paid for clerk
hire, house-rent, and expensive furniture $208,000.
They have now on hand $75,000 appropriated to
this purpose, and not expended. Now, will any
one pretend that $75,000 is not enough to go on
with the compiling of the census returns until the
next session, when, if a necessity exists for more,
we can give it? I have a statement from the ac-
counts in the Auditor's office here; and I find in
them an item of expense which, I think, is very
characteristic of the whole. The expenses of the
individual sent to Europe to visit the World's
Pair—paying the expenses of parties of gentlemen
and ladies, from five to six, including their wine
and other things added; and we are called upon to
vote to pay the amount under the head of census
expenses. We have an item of $1,430 for the
expenses of the trip, with wine included in the
list,
Mr. DAWSON. I would ask the Senator
whether he has not observed that the receipt for
the whole expenditure, and that the amount
charged, are merely for the amount of the individ-
ual's expenditures—not for wine?
Mr. BORLAND. No, sir. I have an abstract
of the amount which is in the hands of the printer;
and I have one copy from the Fifth Auditor's office,
in which the items are set forth; and in that the
