2422
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 28,
elusive to the question of the Senator from Mary-
land, that this work is going on, notwithstanding
the unanimous report of the committee adverse
to it.
Mr. PRATT. My statement was that the Su-
perintendent is not to blame, if the histories are
going on. They can only be going on under the
direction of the Secretary of the Interior. If the
$70,000 is not necessary for the purpose of com-
pleting the work, then the $150,000 required by
the Department was not necessary; and the
blame, if any exists, should be laid upon the De-
partment, and not upon this poor man, who is
brought up here always as the groundwork of
difficulty. The Government is wrong—the De-
partment is wrong—if the thing itself is wrong;
and if we have not confidence in the Department,
we ought not to give an appropriation; but if we
believe the Department was right in asking for the
appropriation of $150,000, we ought to grant
$49,000 to prevent the stopping of the work.
Mr. BUTLER. To some extent, I agree with
the remarks of the Senator from Maryland, [Mr.
Pratt.] I do not think Mr. Kennedy should
suffer entirely; but I do say, from the exhibition
of the subject which has been given here, that this
whole system of taking the census is tending to
an enormous abuse. I recollect, when the subject'
was trst under discussion, that I protested against
Ihis enlarging of the sphere of the office, so as to
take in statistical information. The Constitution
only requires that an enumeration of the white
and black population shall be taken, so as to
enable us to regulate what shall be the represent-
ation in the House of Representatives. Instead
of that, we have seen a gentleman sent to Europe
to learn how to take that enumeration. Why
nhis gentleman should have been sent to Europe
lo learn how to perform any of the functions inci-
dent to his office, 1 do not know. The abuse is
so enormous—so much in violation of the Consti-
tution, both in its letter and spirit, that I would
not care if the whole of it should fail. The only
way to correct the wrong practices of the Govern-
ment, is to let them fail when they violate the
Constitution. I do not care one cent whether an
appropriation is made to enable the Department
lo carry on this system. I believe it is all wrong.
Mr. MANGCJM. If the Constitution has been
violated it has been under the direction of Con-
gress. Whether the honorable Senator concurred
in that or not, I know not. I agree with him that
the census ought to be restricted to an enumera-
tion of the population, white and black; and I
think that statistics of other kinds, if they are
taken wisely, in a reliable manner, ought to be
under the State authority. But I mean not to go
into this matter. I do not wish to occupy the
time of the Senate at this late period of the session.
I simply desire to bring before the Senate the fact
that the business must stop, and the force must
be disbanded, unless the appropriation be made.
I do this under the authority of the Chief of the
Census Bureau, on his proper responsibility. He
says that there is not a dollar that has not been
used for this purpose except the appropriation
made two years ago; and that there will not be a
cent on hand to continue the work unless an ap-
propriation is now made. For that reason ! have
moved to insert the appropriation of $49,000; and
upon that question I desire the yeas and nays. I
have no more interest in that subject than any
other Senator.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BORLAND. I have but a word to say.
The Senator from Maryland [Mr. Pkatt] seems
to have proceeded on the assumption that the
proposition to strike out the appropriation was
aimed at the Census Clerk. Sir, I aimed not at
him. I say that there has been an abuse here.
My opinion is that it is a very gross abuse, as I
am able to prove at any moment. But I do not
charge it upon him. I charge it upon the Depart-
ment of the Interior.
Mr. BRIGHT. I rise to a question of order.
The Senator from Arkansas has spoken twice on
this amendment.
The PRESIDENT. He has spoken moru than
twice.
Mr. BORLAND. If the Senator had waited
one moment I would have been through. How-
ever, I will relieve him, and will make no further
remarks.
.VTr BRIGHT. Dnrnig the period of seven
years that I have been in this Senate I have never !
felt at liberty to make an appeal to this body, and j
what I am going to say now may be in bad taste, ;
but it is a fact settled, that unless we cease talking
and act we cannot finish the business of Congress '
at the time which we have appointed to adjourn.
This is the first general appropriation bill making
appropriations for carrying forward the entire
machinery of the Government that we have had
before us, and it is not half finished. You may
add amendment after amendment here, but there
is no probability that they will be considered by
the House. I have six amendments before me,
four of them recommended by standing commit-
tees of this body, and T would like to have offered
them last night, but the position I occupied,
being in the chair, precluded me from so doing;
and such is my sense of public duty, I will not
offer them this morning. I will run the chance of
putting them in some other bill. I do hope that
Senators will vote and let us get this bill to the
House, so that we may take up the other appro-
priation bills.
Mr. BUTLER. I have only to say, that I will
not vote unless 1 understand the subject. 1 said,
when the river and harbor bill was taken up, that
it would have the effect of compelling us to vote
without knowledge; and I say, 1 intend to have
discussion when it is necessary. I must have the
knowledge necessary to control my vote on meas-
ures of this kind. 1 cannot vote in ignorance.
When the river and harbor bill was taken up I
saw what would be the result. That important
political measure was taken up to the exclusion of
the bills making appropriations of millions, and
now upon them we are called to vote without
knowledge. If it has come to that, 1 will sooner
abandon the bills, and have no responsibility for
them.
Mr. MASON. I was about to say very much
what has fallen from the Senator from South
Carolina. I have no idea, let it cost what it may,
of being trammeled in proper debate upon an ap-
propriation bill. I object to nothing which has
fallen from the Senator from Indiana, [Mr.
Bright.] He has discharged what he considers
his duty. He is a member of the Finance Com-
mittee; and he deems it his duty, as such, to get
this measure through the Senate, so that we may
take up other bills of a like character before the
session closes. But I want to state this fact: that
the very language which is held out to us now,
was held out to him and other gentlemen when
they insisted upon taking up the river and harbor
bill, to urge it through in preference to these and
other important measures. We told them what
result we expected would follow—that we would
he told,"You must not debate; debate must be cut
off, or you will not get through the bill before the
close of the session." I recollect that gentlemen
were admonished when they insisted on giving
precedence to the river ana harbor bill, that the
very state of things would arise that is now pre-
sented to us. I have taken as little time in debate
as any gentleman. I never consume the time of
the Senate unnecessarily. I think I may say so
of myself. But if there be any measure offered
as an amendment to this bill, which requires de-
bate in order to explain its character, I will en-
courage that debate.
Mr. CASS. Knowledge come with talking,
but for myself, I must say that there are some
questions which I think I am competent to decide
without talking; still, if any gentleman thinks I
am not, he is perfectly at liberty to indulge him-
self in explaining the measure. I do not under-
stand what the Senators from South Carolina and
Virginia mean about the river and harbor bill. I
would ask those Senators if I had not a right to
vote to take up that bill in preference to others?
Mr. MASON. Undoubtedly.
Mr. CASS. If they made predictions and now
choose to fulfill them, is that a reason why we
should alter our course ? The gentlemen could as
well have talked upon the river and harbor bill as
upon this. Who prohibited them from talking
until the end of the session ? Nobody. Nobody
could prohibit them. I repeat, the fact that that
bill was taken up affords no reason now why we
should have an interminabletalkingupon this bill.
If that bill had not been taken up, every man might
have talked on other measures from that day to
this. Such is the mode in which discussion is
carried on here. And for one, I say that when-
ever I think a bill is of such public interest as to
be required to be taken up, 1 shall vote for taking
it up.
Mr. BUTLER. I did not s&y that the gentle-
man had not a right to vote to take up the river
and harbor bill, but I referred to the impropriety
of taking it up at the time we did, when we were
certain that this bill, which takes millions out of
the Treasury, would come up at the very close of
the session. Yes, sir; the gentleman does not
want any talk when we come to appropriate
money. It amounts to that. When we come to
an appropriation bilK he wants votes, and no talk-
ingY
Mr. CASS. I put it to the Senator as a candid
gentleman, whether 1 said so.
Mr. BUTLER. I say that is the inference.
Tafk upon political questions that might well
have waited three months; but upon these appro-
priation bills vote, and do not talk. The rrv er And
harbor bill has been under discussion for fifty
years past; was it important to take it up at this
session? And then there was another measure
introduced upon this bill which gave rise to the
speech made by the honorable Senatorfrom Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Sumner] upon slavery. Sir, that
Senator ought to have been answered. I have thus
far foreborne to take part in these debates, and I will
leave it for the Senator to say who has done thfe most
talking so far as the different sections or interests of
this country are concerned. If you are to balance
accounts, I can say that the talking has taken place
upon political questions; and now, when we are
to vote, we are not allowed to investigate the mat-
ters upon which we are to vote. Sir, I say that
topics have been brought up here, at the late part
of this session, which ought to have been discussed
by the month. The river and harbor bill was not
discussed as it should have been discussed. The
slavery question was not discussed as it ought
to have been; and the oration of the honorable
Senator from Massachusetts has gone out to give
a current to public opinion. It ought to have been
answered. I yielded to the suggestion of friends not
to answer it. But if gentlemen wait until the last
days of the session, and then endeavor to suppi*ess
debate upon an important bill of this sort, they
must take the consequences.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will inform the
Senators that the question is upon a solitary
amendment.
Mr. WELLER. I understand that, unless this
appropriation is made, the publication of the cen-
sus will necessarily be suspended. I have this to
say, that, unless the census has been taken with
much more accuracy in other States than in Califor-
nia, it is far better that its publication should be
suspended. The census, I believe, shows a popu-
lation in the State of California of 91,000. That is
directly in the face of acensus which had been taken
by the State authority, showing a population of
300,000. In consequence of this error of the cen-
sus agents, the State of California was deprived of
at least one Representative, and came very near
losingtwo. But this cannot be remedied. Acensus
cannot be taken again until 1860, when the popu-
lation of California will certainly exceed 800,000.
We are deprived, therefore, of a representation in
the other branch of Congress, to which we would
have been entitled if the census had been correctly
taken. Besides, I have but very little confidence in
the statistical information obtained by the census
agents. An examination of it in regard to some
particular localities, has satisfied me that no sort
of reliance can be placed upon it. If, therefore,
the vote which I shall give to-day is calculated to
suspend the publication of that census, I shall not
regret it.
Mr. DAWSON. I have not made a motion in
regard to, or said a word upon, the civil and diplo-
matic bill, notwithstanding the immense number
of appropriations that have been presented, and
the many discussions that have taken place. I
desired for one to consider the position in which
the body was placed, and to go quietly on and
consummate every measure. But I am not going
to sit here quietly and suffer the head of the Ad-
ministration or the head of a Department to be
charged with a failure to discharge his duty, or
with an abuse of the power placed in his hand's for
the benefit of the Government, without saying a
word. Can any Senator suppose that a personal
and political friend of the head of the Department
of the Interior will submit to that course 3 If gen-
