646
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 27,
could not remain in the Union and nullify its laws;
but that each State had a right to secede from the
Union as a consequence of her sovereignty. There
is really no incompatibility between these posi-
tions. They perfectly harmonize. If a State has
a right to nullify, it has a right to secede.
But the Senator says that John 0. Calhoun was
not an advocate of secession; and that it will soon
be proved by somebody that he denied this right
in a State. On page 301 of Mr. Calhoun's late
work, the Senator from Alabama, if he ever reads
it, will find these words:
" That a State, as a party to the constitutional compact,
has a right to secede, acting in the same capacity in which
it ratified the Constitution as a compact, cannot, with any
show of reason, be denied by any one who regards the
Constitution as a compact. This lesults, necessarily, from
the nature of a compact where the parties to it are sover-
eign, and of course have no higher authority to which to
appeal."
These are the words of Mr. Calhoun, holding:
his dying pen; and if he had said anything else lie
would have belied all his doctrines and his intelli-
gence itself. Let the man step forth who will
Frove that Mr. Calhoun was opposed to secession,
hope the Senator will soon bring him out into
open day. That man does not live who will ven-
ture to attempt to prove that Mr. Calhoun falsified
his own great work by contrary opinions; and,
mark what I say, if he does live, and ever had
any such design, he will never lift his head to as-
sert it. Mr. Calhoun was surrounded by too
many friends when living, to be abused by his en-
emies when dead. He has sons who regard the
honor of their parent, and who will protect his
name and his reputation. And let the slanderers
stand forth and dare to say, that in defiance of his
whole course of life, and his last written work, he
denied the right of a State to secede; let them come
forth if they dare.
Sir, neither Mr. Jefferson, nor Mr. Calhoun,
nor Mr. McDufiie, nor the resolutions of 1798 and
1799, deny the right of secession. I will not say
anything about Mr. Jefferson. His most malig-
nant enemies—the consolidateonists and abolition-
ists—dare not attribute such a sentiment to him.
John Quincy Adams, holding the pen and describ-
ing Mr. Jefferson's opinions, could not so stul-
tify himself as to do otherwise than acknowledge
that Mr. Jefferson maintained the right of a State
to secede from the Union. Consolidationist, as he
was, he had too much integrity and honesty to
falsify the opinions of a dead statesman. These
are the authorities of the Senator from Alabama;
and now let me come to his reasoning, which is
just as conclusive as his authorities. He says;
"I appichend, Mr. President, that a great (leal of the
mmppM'lwnsioii vvhicii exists ill relation to this matter
grows out of the too loose application of tile word < sover-
eign' to till! States. Wo speak habitually of sovereign
States ; as if their sovereignty was absolute and unques-
tioned. lint there is no such thing as a sovereign State
within the limits ol' tins Union. The Constitution has ex-
pressly denied it."
There is assertion broad and strong. "There is
no such thing as a sovereign State within the
limits of this Union," says the Senator from Ala-
bama. "The Constitution has expressly denied
it." Where? In what clause? I have read the
Constitution all over, and can see no expression
in it denying the sovereignty of the States, or the
consequent right of secession. If there be any
such clause in the Constitution, let it be produced.
It will settle at once the whole question.
The Senator continues:
"The Constitution has taken away from the States some
of the hichest and most essential attribute' of sovereignty.
They cannot com money; they cannot emit lulls of credit;
they cannot punish treason against themselves ; they can-
not go to war; they cannot enter into compacts with other
States ; nay, more: the Constitution piovule= that the Con-
stitution and laws of the United States shall be the supreme
law of the land, anything in the constitution or laws of any
State to the contiary notwithstanding. Now, who ever
heard of a sovereignty with the laws of another power supe-
rior to its own within its own limits ?"
Because the States have surrendered the power
of coining money, and making war and peace, to
the General Government, therefore he argues that
the States are not sovereign. Are not alliances, of-
fensive and defensive, common among nations, m
which they agree to make war and peace together ?
Did any one ever suppose that they renounced
their sovereignty by such agreements ? As to coin-
ing money, it has been gravely proposed in
Europe that all nations should consent to one
coinage. That is a mere matter of commercial
convenience. But there is one test, the power to
punish treason which the Senator says the States
do not possess. If this is true, I will give up the
question; and I will never again open my mouth
in defence of State sovereignty and State rights.
If a State cannot punish treason, it is clear it can-
not be sovereign. The very definition of sovereign-
ty is supremacy. Its duty is protection. The
duty of the citizen is allegiance; and treason is a
violation of allegiance^ If, therefore, a State can-
not punish treason—if it caniuot punish a violation
of allegiance—there cannot be such a thing as State
sovereignty. But how stands the matter? The
Senator is altogether mistaken in his assertion.
His own State constitution has a clause punishing
treason, which I will read to the Senate. In the
constitution of Alabama, the sixth article and fif-
teenth clause reads:
"Treason against the State shall consist only in levying
war against it, or aiding or adhering to its enemies., giving
them aid and comfort. No person shall be convicted of
treason unless on the testimony of two witnesses to the
same oveit act, or his own confession in open court." .
There is the constitution of his own State, upon
which she was admitted into this Union; and that
constitution distinctly affirms that she has a right
to punish treason, and therefore that she is sover-
eign. I have not looked into the constitutions of
all the States; but in the constitution of Missouri,
(13th article, 15th clause,) there is the same pro-
vision; so in the constitution of Kentucky, (6th
article, 2d clause,) Indiana, (article 11th, clause
2d,) Louisiana, (title VI, aiticle 90,) Mississippi,
(article 7, clause 3,) Florida, (article 16, clause 4,)
Arkansas, (article 9, clause 2,) Texas, (article 7,
clause 2,) Wisconsin, (article 1, clause 10,) and
last of all, Iowa, (article 2, clause 16.) Everyone
of these—all of them new States—have been ad-
mitted into the Union with this clause in their con-
stitutions, in which they assert the right of pun-
ishing treason, and , consequently, the right to the
allegiance of their citizens, of which treason is the
violation. Look at the construction these facts
afford. Congress, at every successive act approv-
ing of these constitutions, indorses the right of
the States to punish treason; and therefore affirms
the sovereignty and independence of the States.
That is in perfect consistency with the Constitu-
tion of the United States. That Constitution says,
that treason against the United States shall consist
i  levying war against them, and in adhering to
their enemies, and giving them aid and <y)mtort.
" Their enemies"—enemies of the States. The
Constitution itself describes the States as sover-
eigns, against whom treason may be committed
in their united capacity. And when, afterwards,
Congress approved the State constitutions, in which
treason is defined, and a power is expressed to
punish it against the States, it is in perfect harmony
with the Constitution of the United States; and
both the Constitution of the United States and the
constitutions of the States which have been ad- ;
mitted into the Union, go to show that the States
alone are sovereign. The Constitution does not
say that treason may be committed against the
Government of the United States or the Union.
!No, sir; it is against the States that treason can
alone be committed, whether acting together in
the Union, or as separate States. It is in being
" their enemies,"and giving their enemies aid and
comfort, that the offence consists. Therefore I
say that the Constitution of the United States and
the constitution of all the States teach but one
doctrine, contrary to the affirmation of the Senator
from Alabama, and that doctrine is, that the
States are sovereign. His own State punishes
treason. If he can nullify the constitution of his
own State, and cast her out of existence—if
he can degrade her into a wretched dependency on
this Government, which can be trampled upon
with impunity, and dares not lift the front of re-
sistance—let him do it, and take all the glory of
such an achievement. For my part, it is my glory
as well as my privilege that 1 am a citizen of a
sovereign State—the State of South Carolina. To
her, as the Senator from Alabama formerly said
of his State, I owe my allegiance. "With her I
live; and at her mandate I trust I am prepared to
die. And I care not what consolidationist, whether
from the North or South, dares to assail her in the
exercise of her sovereignty, so far as I am con-
cerned, with the little power I possess, at her com-
mand I will resist, and resist to the last. She is
my sovereign; and she at least will not tolerate the
doctrine that treason cannot be committed against
her. Let any man within her limits take up arms
against her, in obedience to any power—there
stands her statute; her incorruptible judiciary; her
Executive armed with the sword of authority to
protect her sovereignty. Their fate will be death.
Mr. President, I am exhausted; and I presume
that the Senate must be fatigued from the length
of time I have tried its patience. I have here be-
fore me many other points in which the inconsis-
tencies of the Senator from Alabama are exposed,
and which I promised to expose. I must leave
them to be read and compared, as they are con-
tained in his iast speech. His inconsistencies
with respect to the dismemberment of Texas;—his
beautiful picture of the blessings of the Union-—
and his tragic delineations of the horrors of dis-
union, I must leave unquoted. I turn, in conclu-
sion, to a public matter which has lately come to
light in Alabama. It has been in the public prints
for many weeks, and I have not seen it contra-
dicted. I take it - to be^true. It may go far to
explain the inconsistencies of the Senator from
Alabama.
It is well known that when that Senator was
elected to his seat in this body, he was elected by
the Whigs. The Democratic party, by an over-
whelming vote, I learn, nominated his competitor,
Mr. Fitzpatrick, to be their candidate for the Sen-
ate. The Democratic party had a majority in the
Legislature; but a few'of the gentleman's friends,
in combination with the Whigs, elected him to his
present place. I hold in my hand the statement
of Judge Buford. You know the man, Mr. Pres-
ident; and a more honorable and truthful man
does not live within the confines of Alabama or
the South. I know him also, sir; and I suppose
his veracity and honor would not suffer in com-
parison with that of any man on this floor. Here
is a statement he has placed before the world. He
was a Senator at the time in the Alabama Legis-
lature:
" On the night before the final balloting by the Legislature
for a United States Senator, a caucus of the Whig members
was held, at which it was announced that Mr. Clemens
had verbally pledged himself, if elected, to support the Ad-
ministration of General Taylor. Objections were made by
membeis of the caucus to receiving a verbal pledge, and it
was insisted that it should be reduced to writing. Accord-
ingly, soon after, a small strip, containing a written pledge,
was brought m the caucus by Mr. RipDavis of Limestone.
It was nearly or exactly in these words :
" ' If elected to the United States Senate, I promise to
support the administration of General Taylor.
( Jere : Clemens.'
" It was further stated by Major Buford that he had seen
the written pledge, and that it was represented and believed
to be in Mr. Clemens's handwriting."
Another Whig member of the Alabama Legis-
lature, who was in the caucus, comes out with a
statement confirming that of Mr. Buford. Here
is what he says:
Eufaula, (Jlla.,) January 29, 1851.
Gentlemen: Your note of this date is received. For
my own part, I never recognized any obligation of secrecy
m relation to the Clemens' affair. I supported Mr. Clemens
(as is well known) with extreme reluctance, and with the
reservation of the right to make any explanation of the rea-
sons I might think pioper; and besides, I heard of no pledge
of secrecy in the caucus. I would not, however, have vol-
unteered my testimony in this matter, nor have given it,
but for the reasons stated in your not".
On the eve of Mr. Clemens's election to the United States
Senate, there was a caucus of the Whig party; I did not
contemplate attending, but went at the urgent request of my
colleague, Mr. Gardner. When we arrived we found the
caucus organized—the only question was whether the
Whigs, as a party, should support Mr. Clemens. Some of
his friends gave verbal assurances that he would, if elected,
act with the Whigs, and said they were authorized by him
to say so. It was objected that it was unsafe to support
him without a written pledge, and the caucus being unable
to agree, a member from Greene stated that a pledge could
be obtained, and called on Mr. Rip Davis, f:om Limestone,,
who rose and produced a small scrap of paper, and read it
as near as I can remember, in these words :
"'If elected to the United States Senate, I pledge myself
to sustain General Taylor's administration.
'Jere: Clemens.'
" A good many gathered around to inspect the paper, and
some seemed to question its being in Mr. Clemens's hand-
writing, whetn Mr. Davis said in substance, 'I pledge my
honor as a gentleman it is Mr. Clemens's hand, and writ-
ten by himself.'
"The same gentleman who had called on Mr. Davis, as
above stated, then took the paper, and holding it up, read it
out m a louder tone, and in the same words.
"Yours, See. PAUL McCALL."
Mr. President, I have done. The Senator from
Alabama, without any provocation on my part,
thought proper to arraign me before the Senate.
I stated what my purpose was—that I would dis-
credit the witness—that I would show that the
authority which has presumed to impugn the
