1852
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
647
honor and character of other Senators was not so
high as to injure the reputation of any man, much
less that of a Senator. I have" fulfilled my task.
It has been most reluctantly performed; but E could
not avoid performing if. f have only acted on the
defensive; and while I deprecate the necessity
which has compelled me to this course of action,
I, at the same time, must render my profound
acknowledgments to the Senate for the courtesy
which has afforded me the opportunity of doing
what I have done, in the vindication of truth and
justice.
Mr. CLEMENS. Mr. President, yesterday
about two o'clock, when at my room, I received
the following formidable missive:
Sfna.te Chamber, February *26th, 1852.
Dear Sir: I have been directed by the lion. &<irnwell
Jthett to mtorm you that to morrow he will address the Sen-
ate upon the subject of personalities between \ ou and him-
self, and that he haa given uuticc tbis morning to the Son-
ate, to that effect.
I have the honor to be, most respectfully, your obedient
seivant, it. BJEALE, Scr%eant-at-*rtiMS.
Hon. J. Clemens, United States Senator.
If that notice had been given to me alone, I
might have supposed that the Senator from South
Carolina intended to give me an opportunity of
preparing to die with decency. But, not satisfied
with directing this note to me, I see from the
morning papers that he gave, in addition, a formal
notice to the Senate, to the galleries, to the report-
ers, and the letter-writers, in order that they might
all appear on the present occasion, to witness lus
triumph and my discomfiture. It may happen,
that the vain self-conceit which has induced him
* to overlook the means of assault, has equally in-
duced him to undervalue those of the defence.
The Senator from South Carolina has manifested
an ignorance of the history of this compromise;
an ignorance of my position in relation to it; he
has drawn deductions from it so false, and so un-
justifiable, that I can attribute it to nothing but
that blind and rabid spirit of disunion which pre-
vents him from seeing things, that, to other men,
are as apparent as the noon-daysun. Hesays that
I called him a knave and a traitor. No man who
heard that speech of mine, ever entertained such
an opinion, but himself. The allusion to knavery
was an illustration, not a charge. But, if T had
done so,the subsequent course of that Senator
justifies me in adding the epithet of coward, to
that of knave and traitor.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator must not use
expressions of that kind.
Mr. CLEMENS. I am not out of order, Mr.
President, and I intend, if I can, to keep within
the rules of order; but there are some tilings
which I must say, and which I will say. If, when
he believed that the charge of knavery was pend-
ing against him, he brooded over it, and took more
than two months to prepare himself for a deliber-
ate speech to answer it on the floor of the Senate,
he does not deserve the character of a man. No
man, with the feeling of a man m his bosom,
who believed such a charge was pending against
him would have sought redress here. He wo'jld
have looked for it elsewheie. He submitted to
it then, and now comes here not to ask redress
in the only way he should have sought it, but,
as he says, to discredit the witness; and how
does he propose to do it? He begins with the
evidence of two of his co-conspirators. Now, in
my State, they are not allowed by law to give evi-
dence for one another. But that is not all. He
has evaded the point. He has sought to create a
false impression upon the Senate and the country.
He has endeavored to make this Seriate believe
that I intended to charge them with open applause
of his conduct. I meant no such thing; and every
man knew that I did not mean it. But will he
deny that they went to him and shook hands with
him, congratulating him upon the speech that he
had made?
Mr. RHETT. I deny it.
Mr. CLEMENS. Mr. Chase, did you not do
it ?
Mr. CHASE. I do not remember whether I
shook hands with the Senator or not. I know I
expressed then, as I express now, my concurrence
in the State rights doctrines of the speech, but not
in its disunion sentiments; just as when the Sen-
ator from Alabama, the other day, delivered an
eloquent speech upon another subject, I expressed
to him my gratification and, so far as I concurred
in it, my approval of it. And now I ask the Sen-
ator from Alabama upon what authority he says
I am a co-conspirator with any one upon this
floor?
Mr. CLEMENS. I will attend to one at a
time. Now, what witness is discredited? The
Senator from South Carolina alleges that there was
no such congratulation. Before the words are cold
upon his hps, the Senator from Ohio contradicts
him. "Where, then, is the witness who is dis-
credited? Here are witnesses who saw it. The
Senator from Ohio does not pretend to say that he
did not do it. He does not pretend to say any-
thing of the sort. He says merely he does not
remember shaking hands. But, sir, it is no extra-
ordinary thing—it is nothing extraordinary for the
Senator to be upon friendly and intimate terms
with those whom he professes extreme anxiety to
destroy. I am not saying anything disrespectful
of these gentlemen. The point which I mean to
make is this; that the Senator from South Carolina
at home denounces them as traitors—that every-
where throughout the land he has assumed the
ground thatthey were worse than Arnolds—and yet
in the face of all this, we find his personal relations
with them so warm that they can afford to go and
congratulate him upon his efforts in favor of dis-
union. { do not mean to say there is anything
discreditable to them in that association; but what
1 mean to say is, that it is extraordinary—that it
is something which is strange to the country, that
this uncommon intimacy should exist between
them. But that is not all. The Senator has given
us another illustration of his facility for forming
such associations. In that very speech which he
made here in the course of his reply to Mr. Foote,
he let out the fact that he had private consultations
with Thomas H. Benton behind one of the columns
of this Capitol in relation to Mr. Foote's conduct
towards Mr. Calhoun. Who, in South Carolina,
would havebeheved that Bar.wklll Riiett would
have gone to Thomas H. Benton to consult about
the interests of John C. Calhoun?
There was another witness whom the Senator did
not call to the stand—possibly, because he is not
here—possibly, because his testimony would not
havesuited him quite so well—and thatis the honor-
able Senator from New Hampshire, [Mr. Hale,]
who was actually so delighted that he left his seat
and came over to this side of the House to listen
to the whole of that harangue. Vet the Senator
from South Carolina now attempts to create the
impression upon the country that 1 have made a
false charge against him; of being on terms of in-
timacy with these gentlemen. There is one thing
which we all know: if there is no concord of sen-
timent between him and them, there is a concord
of sentiment between him and those whom they
represent. We all know that the Abolitionists
have declared that the Constitution of the United
States is " a covenant with death and an agreement
with hell;" and we all heard the Senator utter sen-
timents equally as atrocious.
He says that I calumniated him. Calumniate
him! It is beyond the power of man to do it.
How, though, did I calumniate him ? What word
did I utter, which he has not avowed on the floor
of the Senate? Did he not get up, and proclaim
himself a traitor ? And does he call it calumny,
when I charge him with being precisely what he
has avowed that he is? Is that the standard by
which he measures calumny? Sir, I could say
nothing worse of him than he has satd of himself; 1
I never intended to say anything half as bad. It
is true, he is a man for whom I never had any
fancy. It is true, I never sought his acquaintance.
It is true, that when he came here, I refused to
extend to him that courtesy whu-Jri is usually ex-
tended to new Senators, and refused to be intro-
duced to him. That is the reason he does not
know me. But I never intended to make his
character nor his conduct the theme of discussion
in the Senate. The subject is too small. I have
heard or rather I have read, a description by one
of the English poets, of a certain period of dark-
ness when vipers crawled among the multitude,
" hissing, but stingless;" and I knew well that it
applied to him. We can hear his hiss, but there
is no sting about him.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If the Senator from
Alabama will permit me, I will suggest that it
is impossible for him to-day to answer the speech
of the Senator from South Carolina;and, with his
permission, I will move that the Senate do now
adjourn till to-morrow, twelve o'clock.
Mr. CLEMENS. There is another matter to
which I wish to advert, and I will give way in ten
minutes.
Mr. JONES, I withdraw the motion.
Mr. CLEMENS. There is a matter which
has been brought into this controversy which I
choose to notice now. I do not wish that any
false impressions shall go abroad to the country.
The Senator from South Carolina has ventured to
do here to-day what no man in Alabama was ever
found bold enough to do in my presence. The
retailer of a slander is as bad as the originator.
Indeed, he is, if possible, worse than he who ori-
ginated it. He has charged me with owing my
election to a corrupt bargain with the Whig mem-
bers of the Alabama Legislature, and he has read
a letter from Jefferson Buford and Paul McCall on
the subject. I choose to notice them now. If he
had only waited two days longer, I think the
probability is he would never have ventured to
make the charge; because the refutation of it has
gone home so strong, that no man would have
dared to repeat it. The fact is this, that so far
from making any pledge, that slip of paper to
which Mr. Buford alludes contained no expression
of opinion at all. Sir, you were in Montgomery
at the time. Although of course you cannot be
presumed to know what was done by the Whig
party, yet your conduct from that day to this has
manifested that you did not believe one word of
the calumny. It was a simple note of authority
to Mr. Davis to state what my opinions were.
He was a warm, personal friend, perfectly familiar
with those opinions; and I told him, who had
heard them repeatedly, to state what they were.
There is now a member in the other House who
was a leading member of that Legislature—one
of the individuals whom it is alleged knows most
about it—who has, again and again, authorized
me to pronounce it a calumny. Mr. Davis has
again and again authorized me to do the same.
A number of other gentlemen have written letters
denouncing it, or authorizing me to do so. But
the Senator brings up that dead carcase on the
floor of the Senate, and makes it a charge against
me to account, as he supposes, for what ? An
abandonment of Democratic principles? Who
charges we with having done so? Who alleges
that I have ever given a vote that was not accord-
ing to the strict Democratic faith ? Who charges
me with not being in full association with every
Democratic member of this body ?
I promised long ago, and it is a duty which I
mean now to discharge, that if ever I could meet
a man in Alabama who would allege that thing to
be true, I should brand him as he deserved; and I
want the Senator to mark now what I have to
say on the subject, and apply it. The charge,
emanate from whatever quarter it may, circulated
by whom it may, is a foul lie, unmitigated and
unredeemed by the slightest semblance of truth.
I am now willing to adjourn until to-morrow.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Then 1 move that
the Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate ad-
journed.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, Ftbruanj 27, 1852.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer by
the Ltev. C. M. Butler.
The journal of yesterday was read and approved.
BOUNTY LANDS.
The SPEAKER stated as the first business in
order, the special order of the House, being a bill
entitled "An act explanatory of the act approved
September 28, 1850, entitled, 4 An act granting
* bounty land to certain officers and soldiers who
' have been engaged in the military service of the
* United States,' " as amended by the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and that
tiie pending question was upon the passage of the
bill.
Mr. BOWIE. I move that the special order be
1 postponed, with a view of going into Committee
, of the Whole on the Private Calendar
j The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman move to
1 postpone it to a day certain ?
i Mr. BOWIE. Until Monday next.
| Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. .1 would
; suffgest to the gentleman that the bill which is the
j special order, is now upon its passage, and that
i one vote will dispose of it.
