1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1559
until the first Monday in December next, unless
the House come to the conclusion to pass all the
bills as they are reported from that committee.
Mr. HALL. Will the gentleman permit me to
gay one word ? I am as anxious as the gentleman
from Tennessee, or any one else, to get through
with the call of that committee for reports, and if
the House will devote the entire day to the call of
that committee for reports we shall be able to get
through; but if the House only devote the time
they have been doing for two or three weeks past
to that object, the business of that committee accu-
mulates as fast as we can report it.
Mr. JONES. If you continue to report the
same or duplicate bills as fast as the House refers
them, it will continue to accumulate. If the House
will refer these bills when they^are reported, as is
the usual course, and then call the other commit-
tees, we may get through with the call. But sup-
pose when the committee is through the'Commit-
tee on Claims takes the same course, and insist
upon their bills being put upon their passage as
fast as they report them, when shall weget through
with it ? An impression generally prevails among
the friends of these bills, that if they are referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union they will there sleep the sleep of death.
Why, sir, in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union a bare majority may take any
one of these bills up whenever they may think
proper. Your rules require that in the committee
the Calendar shall be called through, and the com-
mittee shall then determine by a vote whether they
will proceed to the subject called. If they deter-
mine not to proceed to the consideration of that
subject another is called, and so on until they
come to some bill which the majority of the com-
• mittee desire to act upon and dispose of. The
only exception to this rule is m relation to the gen-
eral appropriation bills, which may be taken up
on motion without calling the'Calendar regularly
to get to them. But I will not discuss the merits
of this bill, because I do not consider myself at
this time prepared to do so.
Mr. COBB. I hope the gentleman will dis-
cuss it.
Mr. JONES. I will say this much: I consider
every one of these railroad bills, as bounties given
by the Government to corporations; whether di-
rectly or indirectly, it is that in effect, in my opin-
ion. And, in the last four months, the greatest
portion of the time of this Congress has been ap-
propriated to them. Their interests and then-
demands must be attended to and must be acted
upon, by the people's Representatives, to the ex-
clusion of all the other public interests, or indi-
vidual interests, which were before the Congress
of the United States. Sir, when was it ever known
that a measure, whether in the shape of banks or
internal improvements by the General Govern-
ment, or a protective tariff, or any other measure
or system of legislation was not defended and ad-
vocated by its friends as for the sole and exclusive
benefit of the people ?
Mr. COBB. Will the gentleman allow me for
one moment? It has been repeated in this House
that ever since these railroad hills have been under
discussion,noperson but the friends of the measure
have had the opportunity of speaking, that the
question has not been fairly contested. The gen-
tleman from Tennessee now has possession of the
floor, and is opposed to these railroad measures.
Now, t ask him, since he has the floor, to let us
have his objections to these bills, and let the world
know that the opposition has at least one cham-
pion to defend them, for I regard him as the cham-
pion of the opposition of these railroad bills.
Mr. JONES. I shall take my own course about
that. My friend from Alabama [Mr. Cobb] has
a bill here somewhere, and perhaps he wants to
get that in through this same Land Committee. It
is to grant the right of .way from Winchester, in
the State of Tennessee, through a portion of the
State of Alabama, to Gunter's Landing, on the
Tennessee river. Now, the United Steves has not
ovvp,e(Lany land in that part of the State of Ten-
nessee since the year 1806. The Government has
ii« title whatever to a foot of land there. And that
part of the gentleman's own district, through which
the road runs, has been settled for the last forty
years, and all the land that will produce two hun-
dred pounds of cotton, or two barrels of corn to
the acre, has been taken up, and is owned by in-
dividuals . I think the gentleman will concur with
me in the opinion, that all the public lands north
of the Tennessee river, in the State of Alabama,
is not worth §10,000. Yet you must have an act
of Congress to grant the right of way and alter-
nate sections of public land in and through a
county in which the United States has not owned
one acre of land worth ten cents for the last quar-
ter of a century. I question whether the Win-
chester and Alabama Railroad will run through a
solitary sixteenth part of a section of land belong-
ing to the United States, from its beginning to its
termination.
Mr. COBB. It will run through very little.
Mr. ORR. I call the gentleman to order. That
road is not under consideration.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will confine
himself to the bill under consideiation.
Mr. .TONES. There is another principle which
I particularly object to in this bill; and one upon
which the gentleman from South Carolina [Mr.
Ore] dwelt at some length yesterday. It is a princi-
ple which the chairman of the Committee on Public
Lands, [Mr. Hall,] and every other gentleman
from the new States, has all along adhered to,and
which will be sacrificed by the success of those rail-
road bills. It is one which I have desired to see
carried out, and I am prepared to vote as far as
they will go, to graduate and reduce the ptice of
the"public"lands. But now, these gentlemen come
here and ask us to give to States, and to corpora- 1
tions through these States, every other section of
land within certain distances from the road. If
there is not enough within six miles, they travel |
out fifteen miles, and then come before the country :
and say the Government has lost nothing by giv- |
ing away the land, for the price of the alternate j
sections remaining is to be raised to $2 50 per acre. ;
Mr. HALL. As the gentleman addresses his ;
remarks to me, I will remark that, according to j
my understanding of the matter, the principle in- '
volved in these railroad bills is the same as that j
involved in the graduation bills. The latter pro- :
pose to reduce the price of the public lands to ■
what they are worth. We propose in these al-
ternate section bills to increase the value of the
lands and then increase their price. The great ob-
ject ofbothis to settle the lands, and these alternate
"section bills will accomplish that object better than
the graduation bill.
Mr. .TONES. I will ask the gentleman, if the
value of the alternate sections remaining will be
increased to $9 50 per acrc, why you do not put
your railroad sections at that price? No, sir; it
drives the Government out of the market until you
can sell your land, and then you will come back
here nnd ask for the reduction of the price of the
Government land. Now, sir, I want those gen-
tlemen who desire to pass these bills—and I will i
vote with them for that purpose—to strike out i
" $2 50," and let the lands be sold at $1 25 to
settlers who may enter them, and thus pay the ,
Government price for them. !
Mr. PIIELPS, (interrupting.) I would ask j
the gentleman why, if he is in favor of selling ,
these lands at $1 25 per acre, he should complain ;
if we should hereafter come back and ask to have !
them reduced to that price ? j
Mr. JONES. I say, 1 am opposed to this price
of $2*50 per acre being set upon these lands; he-
cause it is a deceptive—a fraudulent principle, i
whether it is designed to be so or not. In order ■
to justify the measure before the country, that we ,
are to lose nothing bv giving away one half of the j
lands, we put the balance up to just double the
price. I ask the gentleman from South Carolina. :
[Mr. Ore,] if that specious reasoning of his is j
good, that if we give away half, we arc to lose 1
nothing, because we double the price of the re-
maining half? Suppose we should give to those
railroads three quarters of every section, and re- j
quire the Government to sell the remaining one (
quarter at $5 an acre, we would derive as much ,
money from these lands as we now do, or as we ,
would, if we should sive away one half of them, .
and put the other half up to $2 50 an sere. ;
But, as I stated before, I am not prepared or dis-
posed, at this time, to investigate and debate this i
bill in all its principles. \
A gentleman behind me asks me how I am upon j
the bill reported from the committee by the gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Bennett?] That
is another of these land bills; and it proposes to
give to the old States and to the new States, a por-
tion of the public lands.
A gentleman says that that bill was not reported
from the committee. If the Committee on Public
Lands did not report that bill, then, as I contended
the other day, it is not before this House, and is
not entitled to be heard here. That bill proposes
to divide the public lands among the several States.
I am opposed to it. The States want no lands ex-
cept to make money out of them. But, sir, how-
ever much I have denounced, and do now oppose
the system of the distribution of the proceeds of
the public lands, advocated by Mr. Clay, and the
Whig party, I infinitely prefer that the Govern-
ment should go on with, the sale and management
of the public lands, and after defraying theexpenses
of the system, distribute the proceeds amongst
the States, to the policy proposed in the bills re-
ported from the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. FREEMAN, (interrupting.) I desire to
say that I am a member of the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, and that the bilfto which the gentleman
refers, proposing to divide the lands among the
States, was reported by the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Bennett,] and that as a matter of
courtesy to him, as he himself states, he was per-
mitted by that committee simply to report the bill
with a recommendation that it do not pass, for the
purpose of enabling him to bring his views before
the committee. I believe the committee were unani-
mous that the bill should be reported, with the
exception.! of the gentleman from Alabama, on
the committee.
Mr. JONES. Who is the gentleman?
Mr. COBB. I am the one who opposed the re-
porting of the bill, and who is referred to by the
gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr. Freeman.]
Mr. JONES. If that bill came here by the
courtesy of the Committee on Public Lands, every
other member of this House has the same right to
have his sense of courtesy and propriety consulted,
whether he will let it in or not. I say again, that-
under the statement of the gentleman upon that
committee, [Mr. Freeman,] that bill is not before
this House.
That bill proposes to give away some sixty mil-
lions of acres of public land. Another bill upon
your table from the same committee proposes to
give away some ten millions of acres for the ben-
efit of the insane asylums of the different States.
If these bills are to come up here, and be consid-
ered in the House, without going to the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, we
shall not get through the reports of that Commit-
tee on Public Lands during the remainder of this
session. In one of these bills, (I believe the one
for the benefit of the insane asylums of the coun-
try,) it is provided, that if the States have no lands
within their borders, they shall take their portion
of them in the Territories. There is but one Ter-
ritory at this time in which there is any land of
any "account open to selection. If you pass the
bill of the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Ben-
nett,] and the one for the benefit of the insane,
you will cover that Territory—the Territory of
Minnesota—and perhaps leave not one foot of
public land within her borders by the time she ia
admitted into the Union with which to aid the con-
struction of railroads in that State.
The whole system, sir, of giving away these
lands to railroads in this way is, in my opinion,
wron". If you will reduce the pi ice of these
landst subject them to entry by actual settlers at
the reduced price,and then make it for their interest
to make these roads, the construction of which
will enhance the value of their lands, as it is now
stated it would, it will be for them to determine
whether they will thus increase the value of the
lands by the construction of the roads.
Mr. Speaker, another reason why 1 think this
whole system is wrong, is, that it brings members
into this House, upon this floor, who, to benefit
their own sections and districts, get up their
schemes here, and by favoritism and partiality—
I will not say log-rolling—pass them through.
Now, if the policy is to be tolerated and adopted
of giving away these alternate sections, it should
be donety one general bill.
Mr. FREEMAN, (interrupting.) Did I under-
stand the gentleman to accuse the Committee on
Public La nils of log-rolling? .
Mi. JONES. I said I would not say it. I say,
I if this policy of living away alternate sections of
land is to be adopted; if the Committee on Public
I Lands had prepared a general bill, providing that
! when a State shall authorize the construction of a
