2424
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 28,
than those of any other Auditor. We have al-
ready raised the salary of the Second Auditor,
but not of the Third, i move, therefore, to insert
in the bill at the end of the appropriation for the
compensation of the Third Auditor, &c., the fol-
lowing:
And that the Third Auditor of the Treasury Department
shall be allowed a salary equal to that of the head of any
other bureau, to commence from his appointment to
office.
Mr. CASS. I submit to the Senator whether
this is the time to enter into the consideration of
the salaries of officers. If we begin, where are
we to stop ? Certainly it must be obvious that
we have not time now to enter into the subject
upon this appropriation bill. I know nothing of
this case. I do not know whether it is right or
wrong; but, in this stage of the session it is im-
possible to go into the consideration of such ques-
tions. If we begin with one, the whole will be
pushed at us.
Mr. MORTON. The objection of the Senator
from Michigan, perhaps would have been a good
one, if it had been urged when the proposition
was made to increase the salaries of the Second
Auditor and the Second Comptroller, but 1 think
it is too late now to urge that objection upon this
bill, when amendments have been adopted in-
creasing the salaries of those two officers. I think
when this has been done, it would be invidious to
make a discrimination against the Third Auditor.
I am unwilling to sit silently in my seat and see
such a distinction made. From my intercourse
with the heads of bureaus I do not think we
have a more laborious head of a bureau, or one
who more richly deserves an additional compen-
sation than the Third Auditor. I would not have
urged the amendment at this time had not the ex-
ample been set of increasing the salary of the other
bureau officers.
Mr. CASS. I would have voted against the
other propositions, if I had heard of them; but if
we have done wrong once it is no reason why we
should do so again.
Mr. HUNTER. It will be utterly impossible
to proceed with this business of equalizing sal-
aries. I voted against the other propositions, and
should have had something to say upon them, but
that I felt confident that the House would strike
them out. I am free to agree with my friend from
Florida, that the Third Auditor's salary should
be raised as much as any of the others; but this is
not the time to accomplish the object. We have
no time to consider such questions. I hope the
bill will be put upon its engrossment.
Mr. RUSK. A remark which has been made
renders it necessary thatl should say a few words.
It has been said that it was unjust to raise the sal-
ary of the Second Auditor. I do not think it was
unjust. I will vote for an amendment to raise the
salary of any officer who presents what I stated
was shown by the records of the office to be the
fact.
Mr. MORTON. Did the Senator understand
me to say it was unjust?
Mr. RUSK. I heard the remark made. I do
not know by whom.
Mr. MORTON. I did notsay it was unjust to
raise the salary of the Second Auditor; but I said
that if it was just to raise it, it was equally just to
raise that of the Third Auditor.
Mr. RUSK. I stated, what was shown to be
the fact, that the Second Auditor had done his
business properly, and reduced the number of his
clerks. He had forty-four clerks in 1849, and has
but twenty-five now. The appropriation for the
clerks m his office in 1849 was $51,000, while in
this bill it is but $34,000. I stated that I did not
believe there was any other head of a bureau who
could show such a reduction. I do not mean to
disparage the heads of other bureaus; I have no
objection to raising their salaries; but I stated last
evening that, in my opinion, there had been a re-
duction of the expenses in no other bureau.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I have an amendment, which
I presume will meet with no objection, as it ap-
ariates no money. It is to insert the following
e bill:
The corporate authorities of Washington are hereby au-
thorized, in their discretion, to provide that in any street, or
avenue, or foot-way thereof, the carriage part in the center
may be not less than forty feet, the sid^ walks on each side
of the carriage way may be fifteen feet, and the residue of
the giound- between the &ide walks and the bmlduig line,
may be inclosed by the owners of the adjoining property as
ornamental courts or gardens, and for no other purpose
whatever.
Some of the avenues in this city are one hundred
and sixty feet wide, and it costs a vast amount of
money to grade the whole width. The public
authorities are of the opinion that by making the
carriage way narrower, and the side walks as I
propose, and then letting the balance be inclosed
as ornamental gardens, it would save one half the
expense of grading the streets, and at the same
time improve the appearance of the city. The
plan received the approval of the late Mr. Down-
ing. I only propose to give the corporation the
authority to do this if they think proper. They
have not the authority under the present charter.
Mr. SHIELDS. I have not examined the plan
of my colleague. I have carefully avoided inter-
fering with this subject, because I confess it will
be better managed by the corporation than by
us. I am apprehensive that the effect of the amend-
ment will be to make a radical change in the streets
and avenues of the city.
Mr. BADGER. It is too large a discretion to
be granted at this late hour of the session.
Mr. SHIELDS. We cannot act on it with
propriety now.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move to insert in the bill
after the clause, " For the erection of the west
* wing of the Patent Office Building, and completing
'the drains for the said building and the Patent
* Office Building, $150,000," the following:
Provided, That the work and the materials furnished by
contract for s>uuh building, and likewise the materials
for the extension of the Capitol, be measured agreeably to
the original contract, and that no further payment be made
until the measurement is made and reported, the contracts
and the proposals to be put in the hands of the measurer or
measurers, and he or they to be sworn before entering on
duty, to examine and measure and report every part of the
work and material without deviation from the contracts
and proposals ; and if it be shown that any extra materials
are used, they to be rated at the -pro rata price for materials
only, and entered in a separate column of the account; and
the harne rule of measurement to be applied to all other
buildings and oiher public works in this District; and it
shall be the duty of the Comptroller of the Treasury to ar-
rest and stop any voucher not made in form and in accord-
ance with the terms of the contract against which it is
drawn ; and it is hereby made a penal offense for every
measurer and inspector of work or disbursing officer to
make or present, or pass or attempt to pass, any falsely made
or fictitious vouchers to draw money from the Treasury, on
any contract or account whatever; and that all contracts
shall hercalter be advertised at least sixty days before letting;
and that all contracts now existing in relation to building
the additions to the Capitol as well as the Patent Office, not
made according to law, are hereby canceled at the end of
sixty days, and notice of the same shall be given in all the
newspapers in the city of Washington; and that all contracts
of every description which have been made without public
notice having been given, where notice was required, shall
be canceled after sixty days' notice having been given m
the newspapers of this city : Provided also, That good and
sufficient security shall be given for twice the amount of
money at any tune to be advanced to the contractor under
any contract, and that bids shall be opened in presence of
the bidders, if they or any of them should be present, and
that notice to that effect shall be given in the advertisements
for proposals, to be published agreeably to this proviso;
and all contracts made without an appropriation of money
for an object, the subject of a contract, are hereby canceled
and declared void.
Mr. BRIGHT. I object to the consideration
of that amendment in connection with this bill. It
certainly comes within the rule. It relates to con-
tracts disconnected from the appropriation. It is
clearly not in order.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair does not see
any question of order arising in the case. It in-
volves no appropriation. It is simply making a
provision with regard to contracts. The Chair is
obliged to receive it.
Mr. HOUSTON. It has direct reference to the
clause in the bill relating to the erection of public
buildings, and is intended as a guard for the pro-
tection of the Government, and for no other pur-
pose.
Mr. CLARKE asked for the yeas and nays
on the amendment; and they were ordered.
Mr. PRATT. I object to voting on that amend-
ment, because I cannot tell whether it is right or
wrong. It covers a whole sheet of paper, and
proposes to regulate contracts that have been en-
tered into, and declares certain contracts null and
void. The only reason why 1 shall vote against
it is, that it is impossible, from hearing it once
read, for me to tell whether it is right or wrong. I
cannot consent to vote for an amendment which
I do not understand.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the gentleman will attend
to the reading of the amendment, it can be read
again for his information. Iam perfectly satis-
fied, when he understands it, that he will say it is
for no other purpose than to guard the interests
of the Government, if irregularities have been
practiced, it is intended as a corrective to them. It
is for no other purpose; and every one who con-
siders it, must be satisfied that it is a proper amend-
ment. I have submitted it to a number of gentle-
men , and they think it is manifestly right to guard
the Treasury of the country.
Mr. HALE. I desire to call the attention of
the Senator who introduced this amendment to the
language of it. It strikes me that it is too sweep-
ing, because it declares all contracts void which
were entered into withoutcertain requisites, wheth-
er they are executed contracts, or contracts exe-
cuted in part, or entirely executory. What could
be the effect of an act of Congress declaring an
executed contract, or a contract executed in part,
void? The terms of the amendment are entirely
too sweeping. It applies to all contracts that have
not certain regulations, whether they are executed,
executed in part, or entirely executory. It seems
to me it is too sweeping, and must lead to the
danger of doing injustice I shall vote against it.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the contracts have been
executed, or executed in part, and payments have
been made equivalent to the service rendered, the
holders of them have an opportunity of entering into1
new contracts, as other people are able; so that I
can perceive no difficulty in that. If they are
made without an appropriation, of contrary to
law, they are declared v$id. And, if made in con-
formity with law, or an appropriation, it requires
notice to be given. I can see no objection to it.
The question was taken, by yeas and nays, and
resulted—yeas 31, nays 15; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Bayard, Borland, Bradbury,.
Brodhead, Butler, Cass, Charlton, Clarke,Clemens, Davis,
De Saussure, Dodge of fowa, Felch, Hamlin, Houston,
Hunter, Jones of Iowa, King, Mallory, Mason, Meriwether,
Rusk, Shields, SoulS, Stockton, Toucey, Underwood*
Wade, Walker, and Weller—31.
NAYS—Messrs. Badger, Bell, Chasse, Cooper, Dawson,
Downs, Foot, Geyer, Hale, Mangum, Miller, Pratt, Smith,
Spruance, and Sumner—15.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DODG-E, of Iowa. I move to amend the
bill by inserting the following, after the appropri-
ations for the Judiciary:
To refund to the county of Des Moines, in the State of
Iowa, the expenses of the United States district courts,
which were paid by said county prior to the 1st day of Jan-
uary, 1844, the sum of $11,970' 90: Provided, That the
Secretary of the Interior be directed to examine the claim
presented by the county of Des Moines, in the State of
Iowa; and if upon examination he is satisfied that, prior
to the 1st day of January, 1844, the said county has paid
money, which, in accordance with the instructions of the
First Comptroller of the Treasury, dated December 19,
1843, should have been paid by the marshal of the United
States, he is directed to audit and control the same, and
said amount is directed to be paid out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
This was reported favorably upon by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary at this session.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to submit the fol-
lowing amendment, upon which I will make no
speech, but merely ask the yeas and nays upon it:
And that there be paid to the mechanics and laborers em-
ployed in Government works in the District of Columbia,
twenty per cent, on the per diem they are now receiving.
Mr. HUNTER. A similar amendment has
been ruled out of order by the decision of the
Senate.
The PRESIDENT. It has. This cannot be
received.
No further amendment being proposed, the
amendments were ordered to be engrossed, and the
bill was ordered to be read a third time. It was
read a third time and passed.
LIGHT-HOUSE BILL.
Mr. HAMLIN. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Commerce, to which was referred the
bill from the House of Representatives making
appropriations for light-houses, light-boats, buoys,
&c., and providing for the erection and establish-
ment of the same, and for other purposes, to re-
port back the same with amendments. I ask that
it may be considered at this time.
Mr. HUNTER. I must object to that.
Mr. HAMLIN. This is a bill from the House,
and it is not in the power of a single objection to
prevent it being taken up now. It is in the power
of a majority of the Senate to decide to take it up.
