1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1561
tended for here is, that grants for schools and roads
should be made with some degree of fairness to
all the States—the old as well as the new. The
public domain is the common property, and so far
as the West are concerned, they have been liber-
ally dealt by. They have already received some
fifty-five millions of acres of the public land, of
which eleven or twelve millions of acres have been
devoted to internal improvements and railroads.
All that is proposed in the bill I have alluded to,
is to give to the old States, not the same amount
in proportion to representation, but only one half
of the amount in proportion to population, which
is granted by this bill to the land States, irrespect-
ive of the fifty-five millions of acres heretofore
granted to them. 1 think that is liberal, and that
this bill is just and fair, and ought to pass.
To gentlemen from the West desiring the con-
struction of these roads, we come up to their aid,
and say, if you will adopt a principle by which a
small portion of the proceeds of the public lands
may be applied to school purposes in the old
States, we will give you land for the construction
-of your roads in the Western States. I think
this is a fair compromise, and one which the
friends of grants to railroads, and the friends of
the old States could unite upon. If they unite,
the bill could be carried, and if they do not, the
bill will fail. I have no doubt, also, when separate
grants are asked for to aid in the construction of
particular roads, they will also fail. The gentle-
man from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] seems to insist
that the whole of this system is wrong. If that
were an open question, 1 would say, let itbe con-
sidered; but I hold it to be a question that has been
settled. You have already been granting lands to
certain States for these particular purposes. You
have granted to every one of the land States the
sixteenth section for schools. Who objects? Who
says that is unconstitutional ? Not a man. You
have granted to Illinois, Missouri, and other West-
ern States, land for roads, and who says it is un-
constitutional? If there were such objectors when
those bills were up and considered, Congress
settled the question that grants could bemade,and
they were made. Now, the Stages of Illinois and
Missouri have received these very grants. Wecan
now see how liberal the members from Illinois and
Missouri will be in making several grants to the
other States—West as well as East—the old as
well as the new States. We will seewhetherthey
are willing to grant for educational purposes—not
a greater amount in proportion to population, but
only half that amount, or less than half that
amount, to the old States.
In regard to this appropriation to the older
States, one reason for it is, many of them are
largely indebted, and resort to direct taxation to
support their schools. If a small portion of the
proceeds of these lands were to be applied for the
benefit of free schools in all the States—which
every one admits to be constitutional—it would be
the best disposition thatcouldbe made of it. What
objection could the Western States have to such a
measure ? What odds does it make, whether the
old States sell a portion of the lands or the Gen-
eral Government' By this bill we do not propose
that the older States s'nail own a rod of land m the
new States. It is prohibited; the States have no
right to locate any of the land—the warrants are
to be sold, and will be located by actual set-
tlers 
[Here the gentleman' was reminded that the
morning hour had expired, and he accordingly
gave way.")
Mr. DANIEL. There are upon the Speaker's
table some private bills, which were reported from
the Committee of the Whole House, with a rec-
ommendation that they do pass, two or three
weeks ago, which, I trust, will be taken up for
consideration this morning.
Mr. HALL. The gentleman from North Car-
olina, Mr. Speaker, is one of those who have been
complaining a great deal on account of the time
consumed by the Committee on Public Lands. I
would now appeal to him to let this day be de-
voted to the reception of reports from that commit-
tee. They then will be enabled to get through
with their business, and next Monday we will be
enabled to go on with the other committees.
Mr. DANIEL. The kind of business, to the
consideration of which I ask the attention ef the
House, cannot be considered on any other day
than Saturday or Friday.
Mr. HALL. I hope that the Committee on
Public Lands will not be complained of any
more.
Mr. DANIEL. The private bills I have allud-
ed to are upon the Speaker's table, and have been
there ever since they were reported from a Com-
mittee of the Whole House, undisposed of. With
a view of getting at them, 1 move that the House
now proceed to the consideration of the business
upon the Speaker's table.
The question was put upon the motion, and it
was agreed to.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I move that
the rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on
the state of the Union.
Mr. DANIEL. T demand the yeas and nays
upon that motion. I wish to know whether we
are ever to dispose of these private bills now on
the Speaker's table, or not ?
Mr. STUART. 1 submit the motion that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into a Committee of the Whole House upon
the Private Calender. If that motion fails, it being
the first business in order, and the House shall
determine to make this a day of public business, I
shall then submita privileged question, upon which
I shall desire to address the House.
Mr. DANIEL. I prefer we should transact
the private business upon the Speaker's table, be-
fore going into a Committee of the Whole House
on the Private Calendar.
The SPEAKER. The motion that the House
resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole House
upon the Private Calendar—this being private bill
day—will be first put.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. There is a
bill on the Speaker's table, which came from the
Senate on yesterday, involving an individual mat-
ter in which a constituent of mine is alone inter-
ested. I should like very much that the House
would indulge me in passing it. It is merely to
change'the name of a steamboat. I trust, no one
will object.
Unanimous consent was accorded, and the bill
was taken un for consideration.
The SPEAKER. Thebill under consideration
is Senate bill No. 452,entitled "Abill to change the
name of the steamboat Brilliant, to that of Mary
Hunt."
The hill was read a first and second time by its
title,ordered to a third reading,and, having been
read a third time, was passed.
The question was then put upon Mr. Stuart's
motion, that the House resolve itself into a Com-
mittee of the Whole House on the Private Calen-
dar; and it was not agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The business fust in Older
is the consideration of private bills upon the
Speaker's table. A motion is made by the gentle-
man from Georgia, [Mr. Stephens,] that the
House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. STUART. I submit a privileged ques-
tion. I move to call up the question which I
moved some six months ago—to reconsider the
vote bv which House bill No. 121 was referred
to the Committee on Roads ana Canals.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I insist that the motion to
go into the Committee of the Whole on the stateof
the Union is a privileged question, and takes pre-
cedence of this other one.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opinion
that, as both motions are of a privileged character,
the motion to go into the Committeeof  he Whole
on the state of the Union being first made, should
be first put.
Mr. DANIEL. I demand the yeas and nays
upon that motion.
"The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was then put upon the motion of
Mr. Stephens, of Georgia, and it was agreed to.
So the House resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Richardson in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN. The question before the
committee is House bill No. 43, making appro-
priations for the Indian Department. Upon that
question the gentleman from Florida [Mr. Ca-
bell] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. HOUSTON. With the consent of the gen-
tleman, I will suggest 
Mr. CABELL. Not if it comes out of my
time.
Mr. HOUSTON. With the consent of the gen-
tleman from Florida, and the committee, I -would
like to have the deficiency bill No. 207 taken up
this morning. The gentleman can occupy the
floor just as well upon this bill, and no one ■witl
object to it.
Mr. CABELL. I do not know as I can get.the
floor on that bill.
Mr. HOUSTON. Nobody will object.
Mr. STANLY. I object.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have no doubt .that gen-
eral debate will take place on anything that may
come up, and a certain portion of tittle will have
to be given up to such debate. I desire to take up
the deficiency bill, and get through with it, but if
the gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Stanly]
does not want it to pass, I have no more to say.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will inform the
gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Houston] thatthere
is objection made to it, and the only means by
which it can be disposed of, is by a vote of the
committee.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I rise to a
question of order. I ask if the gentleman from
Alabama can take the floor from the gentleman
from Florida [Mr. Cabell] to make this motion?
The CHAIRMAN. By his consent.
Mr. CABELL. I did not give my consent.
I prefer to proceed, and the motion can be made
afterwards.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am perfectly willing to
yield, as the gentleman from Worth Carolina [Mr,
Stanly] has objected to taking up the deficiency
bill
Mr. CABELL, of Florida, addressed the com-
mittee an hour ih regard to the silent position of
General Scott upon the compromise measures, and
declared his determination not to support any man
for the Presidency who did not explicitly avow
his opinions in favor of those measures. He did
not believe that General Scott, if he adhered to his
present position, could carry a solitary Southern
State in the coming contest for. the Presidency.
[His speech is published in the Appendix.]
Mr. STUART hereobtained the floor, and said:
Mr. Chairman, before I proceed, I wish to say
to the gentlemen of the committee, and to the
gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr. Stanly,]
that I wished this morning to call up a motion to
reconsider, and upon that motion I desired to ad«
dress the House upon the subject of harbor im-
provements. The committee, i think, will tip me
the justice to say.that I have not designed, or man-
ifested a disposition to talk for talk's sake. This
is a great subject which concerns a' portion of
the country I represent, and if I can at a future
period, say on Monday, have the privilege of call-
ing up the motion, by the general consent of the
House, and of making the remarks I designed to
make, I will now cheerfully yield the floor to the
gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr. Stanly.]
[Cries of " Agreed "Agreed!" from all parts
of the Hall.]
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I rise to state
to the gentleman from Michigan, [Mr. Stuart,]
and to the committee, that this committee cannot
give anv such agreement.
Mr. STUART. I am aware of that. It is
only by a conventional understanding that it can
be done.
Mr. STEPHENS. I give the gentleman notice,
that 1 do not enter into that conventional under-
standing.
The CHAIRMAN. Thegentleman from Mich-
igan [Mr. Stuart] is entitled to the floor, and if
he yields it, the Chair will assign the floor to the
gentleman who attained it first after him.
Mr. STUART. I suppose I have the right to
yield the floor to the gentleman from North Caro-
lina, [Mr. Stanly.]
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman has the
right to yield the floor for explanation.
Mr. STUART. I yield the floor to the gentle-
man from North Carolina [Mr. Stanly] for ex-
planation.
Mr. HOUSTON. I rise not to a question of
order, but to make the motion that this bill be laid
aside, and that hill No. 270 betaken up.
The CHAIRMAN. Thegentleman fromNorth
Carolina has the floor, thegentleman from Michi-
gan having yielded it to him for personal explana-
tion.
Mr. STANLY followed m reply to the gentle-
man from Tennessee, [Mr. Gentry,] and in de-
