1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2425
I move to postpone the prior orders for the pur-
pose of taking it up.
Mr. MANG0M. I shall vote against the mo-
tion, upon the ground that an Executive session is
indispensably necessary to the public service.
Mr. Hamlin's motion was not agreed to, by a
vote on a division—ayes 20, noes 25.
PUBLIC PRINTER.
On motion by Mr. BRIGHT, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the election of a printer to the Senate.
The votes having been counted, the President
announced the result. The whole number of votes
cast was 45—necessary to a choice, 23.
Robert Armstrong received 35
G. Bailey   4
Gales & Seaton 3
John C. Rives ]
Blank 2
Robert Armstrong having received a majority
of the whole number of votes, was declared elected
public printer.
COMMITTEE ON ENROLLED BILLS.
On motion by Mr. JONES, of Iowa, it was
Ordered, That an additional member be appointed by the
President pro tern, on the Committee on Enrolled Bills.
Mr. Fish was appointed.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HUNTER. I ask the general consent of
the Senate to take up the Indian appropriation
bill, that we may act on the amendments returned
from the House of Representatives.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. I now move that the Senate
disagree to the amendment of the House to their
amendment striking out lines seven and eight in
page 10; that they disagree to the amendment
striking from the amendment of the Senate lines
ten and twelve, in page 10; that they disagree to
the amendment striking from the amendment of
the Senate, page 10, lines twenty-three, twenty-
four, twenty-five, and twenty-six; that they agree
to the residue of the amendments of the House to
the amendments of the Senate; and that the Sen-
ate recede from their fourth amendment disagreed
to by the House. I ask that the question maybe
taken on theamendments altogether. The amend-
ments on which we disagree relate to some items
in the appropriations for California. In relation
to these amendments, the Committee on Finance
recommend the Senate to disagree to the House
amendments.
Mr. WALKER. I wish to know from the
chairman of the Committee on Finance what the
House did with the proviso which I offered to the
bill?
Mr. HUNTER. They substituted another in
nearly the same words.
Mr. WALKER. I wish to have the substi-
tute read.
It was read, as follows:
" And he it further enactcd> That no part of the appro-
priation herein made, or that may hereafter be made foi the
benefit of any Indian or tribe, or pait of a tribe of Indians?,
shall be paid to any attorney or a^entof such Indian or
tribe, or part of a tribe of Indian*, but fhall in every case
be paid directly to the Indian or Indians themselves to
whom it may be due, or to the tribes or parts of tribes, per
capita, unless some imperious nece-sity shall arise to re-
quire the payment to be made under the direction of the
President of the United State*; nor shall the executive
branch of the Government now or hereafter recognise any
contract made between any Indian or tribe of fndians, or
part of a tribe, with any attorney for the prosecution of any
claim ajjainsit the Government under this act."
Mr. WALKER. The proviso has been some-
what modified, and it seems to me that the design
of it is to give $25,000 to the agent concerned in
the claim of the Menomonee Indians. I will not,
however, raise a question on the subject. The
principle I have been contending for has been
established, and I will take the proviso with that
modification.
The report of the committee was then agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. I now move that a committee
of conference be appointed.
The motion was agreed to; and Mr. Gwin, Mr.
Pearce, and Mr. Bkll, were appointed as the
committee on behalf of the Senate.
PROTECTION TO LIFE ON STEAMBOATS.
Mr. DAVIS. I am instructed by the Commit-
tee on Commerce to report back to the Senate a
bill entitled "An act for the better preservation of
the lives of passengers on board vessels propelled
in whole or in part by steam;" and I am instructed
by that committee to recommend to the Senate
to agree to the numerous amendments made
by the House of Representatives. Although the
committee do not think that the bill has been im-
proved by these amendments, in many respects,
yet, at this late stage of the session, they think it
better to concur in them. I hope the bill will
now be taken up, and I will follow that action on
the part of the Senate by moving a vote of con-
currence in all the amendments without reading
them.
Mr. GWIN. I hope the Senate will adopt the
suggestions of the Senator from Massachusetts.
The amendments are very numerous, and their
reading would cause a great delay.
Mr. HUNTER. All I have to say is, that I
cannot vote to take up anything until the appro-
priation bills are disposed of.
The motion to take up the bill was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. I now move to concur in the
amendments made by the House of Representa-
tives.
Mr. TOUCEY. I would ask the Senator from
Massachusetts whether the bill as amended re-
quires that the best life-boats which can be pro-
cured shall be made use of; and also, whether it
renders necessary the adoption of the best life-
preservers 5
Mr. DAVIS. The bill, as amended, requires
that metallic life-boats shall be used; but I do not
know that the word "best" is used.
Mr. PRATT. There are somewhat more than
one hundred and fifty amendments reported by the
House of Repiesentatives to that bill, and we are
now asked, as I understand, for a vote of concur-
rence in them without even hearing them read.
I hold in my hand a representation from the steam-
boat interests of the State of Maryland, in direct
opposition to this bill; and I believe that feeling is
shared by the same interest along the whole of the
Atlantic sea-board. They state, that if the bill
should pass, it will break up the steamers they
have now running; that the bill is unnecessarily
severe, so far as they are concerned; and that it
would be completely ruinous to their interests. As
I represent those interests on this floor, I can-
not permit this motion to pass without making
a solemn protest against it. The Senator who has
made it asks this body, and asks me, to vote m
favor of the adoption of these amendments, one
hundred and fifty in number at least, in despite of
the remonstrance presented to me by the whole
of the steamboat interests of my State, without
even knowing what the effect of one of those
amendments may be. I cannot do it, sir; and I
shall ask for the yeas and nays on the motion.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from Mary-
land has it in his power to cause the question to
be taken on the amendments separately.
Mr. GWIN. I wish to make an appeal to the
Senator from Maryland.
Mr. PRATT. I am desirous that the bill should
not pass, and therefore there is no use in making
the appeal, because it will only be made to induce
me to agree to these amendments to facilitate the
passage of the bill. I cannot concur in such a
step, for the reason that I have stated—that the
whole of the steamboat interests are opposed to
the measure. In addition to what 1 have already
said, I beg now to mention to the Senate that I
have in my possession a resolution suggested by
the steamboat owners, which I will submit for
consideration. Their objection is not so much to
the amendments as to the bill. To that they ob-
ject in toto. They do not object to the amend-
ments specifically. The object and the scope of
those amendments are unknown to them. Possi-
bly they are still more objectionable than the bill
itself.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. Why do they object to
the amendments, if they do not understand them J
Mr. PRATT. I will now offer, as a substitute
for the report of the committee, the resolution to
which I have alluded. Its effect is to convey an
instruction to the Committee on Commerce to sit
during the recess, and inquire into this question
j thoroughly, so far as regards steamboat naviga-
tion in other sections of the country than the
western waters, and that the committee do report
such a bill at the next session of Congress as may
afford adequate protection to travelers, without
destroying the steamboat interests on the Atlantic
sea-board.
The PRESIDENT. Is it offered as a substi-
tute for the bill ?
Mr. PRATT. Yes, sir. Allow me to say, that
during the lust forty years, not a single accident
has occurred on the Chesapeake Bay, which would
render the passage of such a bill as that at present
under consideration necessary. It is inexpedient,
then, to pass this bill; but if it can be made to
apply solely to that section of country where
legislation is imperatively demanded, I have no
objection to its passage, together with all the
amendments just as they came from the House of
Representatives.
The PRES1 DENT. The gentleman must con-
fine himself to the consideration of those amend-
ments. The subject-matter of the bill is not now
before the Senate.
Mr. GWIN. I believe this bill to be verv de-
fective. I believe with the Senator from Maryland,
[Mr. Pratt,] that it will cause serious injury to
the steamboat interests in his State, and in mine
also. I have been notified that it will cause serious
embarrassment to the steamboat owners in my
State; but I think we should have some security
for life, such as this bill proposes. As it does not
go into operation before next March, and as Con-
gress will be in session some months before that
time, we can then amend it, if, on mature consid-
eration, amendment appears to be advisable. In
the mean time, 1 am most anxious that this bill
should pass, as it is evident that something of the
kind is essential; and I appeal to the Senator from
Maryland, [Mr. Pratt,] not to persist m his op-
position to the concurrence in the amendments.
Mr. DAVIS. I wish to say a few words in
reply to the Senator from Maryland. This bill
has been a long time under the consideration of
the House of Representatives. It passed this
body by a great majority, indicating great una-
nimity; and it was so passed because it was under-
stood that there were other interests than those of
the steamboat owners concerned. It was very
well known what feelings many of those persons
entertained on this subject; that they much pre-
ferred the law of discretion to any enactment that
Congress could make; that they were deshous of
having this subject entirely under their own con-
trol, to go on in what manner they pleased, with
a reckless disregard for human life, rather than
have any legislation whatever. The bill, after
much consideration, went to the House of Repre-
sentatives, and it has been pursued thither by
some of the steamboat gentlemen who, to my cer-
tain knowledge, have been treated with the utmost
consideration, and the gieatest respect paid to
their wishes, so far as they were reasonable. The
consequence is, that the character and tone of the
bill have been so much lowered by amendments
adopted by the House of Representatives that it
has lost much of its efficiency. It is not sufficiently
stringent, as it has been returned to us, for the
protection of life and property. The foundations
of the bill have not been disturbed, it is true, hut
the terms have been altered, and the tone abated
to such a degree as very much to impair, in my
judgment, its useful chaiacter. That change has
been made as a concession to those interests which
the Senator from Maryland [Mr. Pratt] repre-
sents. Yet, after all these concessions have been
made—and they are numerous—these remonstrants
a re no more disposed to accept the bill now than
they were at first. The more considerate are will-
ing to accept it; but there are some, I hope not
many, utterly opposed to it in every shape, and
appear to desire no law but the law of discretion,
which is the right to expose life to imminent peril,
and often to destruction. If the Senate is willing
to permit such a state of things to exist, be it so.
My own opinion is, that we had better adopt the
bill as it came from the House of Representatives;
and as it does not take effect until next March, we
can amend it during the approaching session of
Congress if it should appear to be too stringent in
regard to the property of steamboat owners.
In this connection I will say, in justice to the
committees of the Senate and of the House of Rep-
resentatives, that at every step, and under all cir-
cumstances, they paid the most scrupulous regard
to the rights of property. This point was never
lost sight of for a moment, and some of the pro-
visions complained of were adopted to relieve
property from burdens, as far as possible. The
various forms in which boats and machinery
are constructed, make a large discretion in the
