650
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 27,
* 135. A bill for the relief of Ch les S. Mathews,
Charles Wood, and James Hatl.
PUBLIC LANDS FOR COMMON SCHOOLS.
Mr. CHURCHWELL, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill, of which previous notice
had been given, entitled, "A bill granting public
lands to the several States of the Union, for the
purpose of establishing a permanent and efficient
system of common schools;" which was read a
first and second time by its title.
Mr. C. I move that the bill be referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and be printed.
Mr. COBB. I move that the bill be referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. GENTRY. I hope the gentleman from
Alabama [Mr. Cobb] will see the propriety of
withdrawing his motion to refer it to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands. The bill relates to the pub-
lic domain generally—to all the States of the Union;
and the Committee of the Whole, having charge
of the interests of the Union generally, it seems to
me that such committee is obviously the proper
one to which it should be referred.
Mr. COBB. I think not. The Committee on
Public Lands have that subject now before them.
The question being first taken on the motion of
Mr. Churchwell, it was agreed to.
So the bill was referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. COBB, at a subsequent stage of the pro-
ceedings, entered a motion to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
SUNBURY AND ERIE RAILROAD.
Mr. CHANDLER, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill, of which previous notice had been
given, entitled, " A bill granting public lands to
the State of Pennsylvania, to aid in the construc-
tion of the Sunbury and Erie Railroad in Penn-
sylvania;" which was read a first and second time
by its title.
Mr. C. I move that it be referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, and
be printed.
Mr. GAYLORD. I move that the bill do lie
upon the table.
The question was first taken upon the motion
of Mr. Gatlord, and it was not agreed to.
The question then recurring upon the motion of
Mr. Chandler—
Mr. HART moved to amend that motion, by
substituting the Committee on Public Lands, for
the Committee on the Whole.
The SPEAKER. The question upon referring
to the Committee of the Whole upon the state of
tiie Union must first be put, under the operation
of the positive rules of the House.
The question was then taken on the motion, and
it was agreed to.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to introduce a bill, of
which previous notice has been given.
Mr. DANIEL. I object; and insist upon the
motion that the House resolve itself into a Com-
mittee of the Whole House upon the Private Cal-
endar.
Mr. WALSH. I hope the gentleman from
North Carolina will withdraw his motion for a
moment, and allow me to present a memorial from
the workmen who have teen engaged upon the
Capitol.
Mr. DANIEL. It can be presented under the
rules.
Mr. WALSH. They want their statement to
be heard.
Mr. GENTRY. Hear the workmen.
Mr. W ALSH. If gentlemen will hear the state-
ment, they will grant relief, I have no doubt; and
I hope it may be received and read.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from North
Carolina insists upon his motion to go into Com-
mittee of the Whole upon the Private Calendar.
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Daniei., and it was agreed to.
The ^ House accordingly resolved itself into a
Committee of the Whole House upon the Private
Calendar, (Mr. Chandler in the chair.)
GENERAL JAMES C. WATSON.
The CHAIRMAN. The first bill in order for
consideration is House bill No. 136, being a bill
for the relief of the legal representatives of General
James C. Watson, late of the State of Georgia.
Mr. DANIEL. There is a standing objection
to that bill, and it must go over, as a matter of
course, under the 30thrule of the House, which
provides that on the first and fourth Friday of
each month the calendar of private bills shall be
called over, and the bills to the passage of which
no objection shall then be made, shall be first con-
sidered and disposed of.
The CHAIRMAN. It will go over under the
rules.
The following bills on the Calendar, coming up
in their order for consideration, were objected to,
as indicated below, and lie over under the rule:
House bill No. 137, being "A bill for the relief
of Osborn Cross, of the United States Army,"
which provides that he shall be credited, in his
account with the Government, the amount of
certain Treasury notes, which were stolen from
him in the city of New Orleans in the year 1842.
[Objected to by Mr. Mace.]
Senate bill No. 67, being "An act granting relief
to John A. McGaw, of New York;" by which the
Secretary of the Treasury is directed to pay him
the sum of $1,400, being the amount due him for
demurrage of the ship Charlotte, while in the ser-
vice of the United States. [Objected to by Mr.
Marshall, of Kentucky.]
House bill No. 147, being " A bill for the relief
of the Monroe Railroad Company and their se-
curities;" which provides that the petitioners be
relieved from three duty bonds, amounting to
$7,205 14, given as securities for the laying down
certain railroad iron, imported at Savannah, in the
year 1841. [Objected to by Mr. Sackett.]
House bill No. 149, being "A bill for the relief
of the heirs of Lieutenant Bartlett Hinds;" by
which it is provided that they shall receive five
years' full pay of a lieutenant, as commutation
under the resolution of the Continental Congress.
[Objected to by Mr. Averett.]
The following bills, coming up in their order,
were considered; and no objection being made,
they were laid aside to be reported to the House,
with a recommendation that they do pass:
House bill No. 139, to authorize the issuing of
a register to the brig "America."
House bill No. 140, a bill for the relief of William
S. Payne; by which the Secretary of the Treasu-
ry is authorized and directed to refund to him the
sum of $50, being the amount of fine imposed
upon ana paid by him for neglecting to renew the
license of a vessel.
House bill No. 142, to authorize the issuing of
a register to the ship " Kossuth."
Senate bill No. 88, entitled, " An act for the re-
lief of Rufus Dwinel; by which the Secretary of
the Treasury is authorized and directed to pay
him the sum of $13,037 72, with interest from the
4th of March, 1837, for damages sustained by
him on account of a change in the terms of a con-
tract for carrying the United States mails.2
House bill No. 148, for the relief of Andrew
Smith; by which the Secretary of the Treasury is
| authorized to pay him the sum of $100, in satis-
1 faction of two Treasury notes, specially indorsed
to his order, but which were lost in their trans-
mission through the mail, and subsequently paid
to other persons, on a forged indorsement of his
name.
The next bill that came up in order for consid-
eration, was House bill No. 150, for the relief of
! Ro.bert Nelson, providing that he may, by way of
exchange, convey certain lands in Missouri to
the United States, and be permitted to enter other
lands in lieu thereof.
* The bill having been read through,
Mr. SCURRY moved that the committee rise.
Mr. FOWLER demanded tellers; which were
ordered, andMessrs. Ingersoll and Stanton, of
Tennessee, appointed.
The question was then taken; and the tellers re-
i ported—ayes 52, noes 29. No quorum voting.
[Cries of " Call the roll!" " Call the roll!"]
Mr. FOWLER. Less than a quorum can or-
der the committee to rise.
The CHAIRMAN. It does not require a ma-
jority to rise.
The committee accordingly rose;and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the Chairman of the
committee reported that the Committee of the
Whole House had had under consideration various
bills on the Private Calendar, and had instructed
him to report to the House the bills of the House,
Nos. 139, 140, 142, and 148, and Senate bill No.
88, with a recommendation that they do pass.
The SPEAKER. Is it the pleasure of the
House to proceed to pass upon the bills in gross ?
Mr.FlCItLIN. Let them be acted upon sin-
gly.
Mr. APPLETON, of Maine; I move that when
the House adjourns it adjourn to meet on Monday
next.
Mr. JOHN W. HOWE called for the yeas and
nays upon that motion; but they were not or-
dered.
The question was then taken, and there were,
upon a division—ayes 93, noes 48.
So the motion was agreed to.
Mr. KING, of New York. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to offer a resolution
asking for information.
The resolution was read for information, as fol-
lows:
Resolved, That the President be requested to communi-
cate to this House what inquiry and report lias heretofore
been officially made upon tlie propriety of establishing some
safe depots for the presetvabon of the gunpowder of the
United States, and whether the establishment of depots for
tins purpose is required for the public service. ■
Mr. TOOMBS objected, and the resolution was
not introduced.
Mr. W1LDRICK, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as correctly enrolled, " a
resolution to extend the time of the commissiofi
under the Convention with Brazil;" which then
received the signature of the Speaker.
Mr. MOORE, of Louisiana, by unanimous
consent, presented three several resolutions of the
Legislature of Louisiana; which were referred and
ordered to be printed, viz:
Resolutions asking that a naval depot and navy-
yard be established at New Orleans, for the con-
struction and repairing of United States vessels;
Resolutions asking that a post office be estab-
lished on Grand River, on the mail route between
Donaldsonville and Opelousas; and
Resolutions asking a donation of the military
reserve at Fort Jesup, for a seminary of learning.
Mr. SACKETT. I move that the House re-
solve itself into a Committee of the Whole House
upon the Private Calendar.
Mr. ORR. I move that the House do now ad-
journ.
Mr. JOHN W. HOWE. Will the gentleman
from South Carolina [Mr. Orr] allow me first to
introduce a set of resolutions from the Legislature
of Pennsylvania?
Mr. ORR. I must insist upon my motion.
Mr. HEBARD called for tellers on the motion
to adjourn; which were ordered, and Messrs.
Chandler and Stanton, of Tennessee, appoint-
ed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 59, noes 50.
So the House adjourned to meet on Monday
next at twelve o'clock, m.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions, memorials, &.c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees :
By Mr. McLANAHAN: Resolutions from the Legis-
lature of Pennsylvania, instructing the Senators and re-
questing the Representees from that State to vote for the
construction of a ship-canal around the Falls of the Sault
Ste. Marie.
Also, a memorial from citizens of Pennsylvania, remon-
strating against the renewal of the patentgranted to Austin
and Zebulon Parker foi alleged improvements in submerged
reaction water-wheels.
My Mr. MILLER: The memorial of Gustavus A. Par-
sons, of Missouri, praying compensation for services ren-
dered in raising and organizing volunteers for the Mexican
war.
Also, the petition of sundry citizens of Missouri, praying
for a mail route from Tully to Montieello, Missouri.
By Mr. PARKER, of Pennsylvania: The memorial of
George W. Patton and 21 others, citizens of Huntingdon
county, Pennsylvania, praying the establishment of an
Agiicultuial Bureau by Congress.
Also, the memorial of James M. Kinkead and 28 others,
citizens of Blair county, Pennsylvania, praying the estab-
lishment of an Agricultural Bureau by Congress.
By Mr. PEASLEE : The petition of Mary Chandler and
others, widows of husbands who served in the revolution-
ar> war, prajing rile extension of the pension laws.
By Mr. CABLE, of Ohio: A memorial from citizens of
Carroll county, Ohio, stating that the mechanical and agri-
cultural interests of the country feel the burdens of the
alarming increase of the expenses of the General Adminis-
tration, and that estimates should be called for cutting down
the expenses to £25,1,00,000 annually.
By Mr. BRENTON: The petitions of Samuel Mahon,
M. H. Marshall, John Marshall, James H. Swaar, and Wil-
liam Russey, assistant marshals in tile State of Indiana,
