1562
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 14,
fense of General Scott. He repudiated all plat-
forms in regard to the compromise, or any other
measures, but at the same time coincided in de-
termination with the gentleman from Florida not
to support any man who should refuse to give to
the American,people his opinions in regard to the
vital questions embraced in the measures of com-
promise. He had more confidence in the word
and character of General Scott than all the plat-
forms that could be constructed to suit the occa-
sion. [His speech will be published in the Ap-
pendix.]
THE COMPROMISE MEASURES RAILROAD
GRANTS.
Mr. SCHOONMAKER obtained the floor, and
addressed the committee at length on the com-
promise measures, railroad grants, &c. [His
speech is published in the Appendix.]
Mr. BOWNE then addressed the committee on
the Presidency, &c. [His speech is published in
the Appendix.]
Mr. ©ENTRY obtained the floor, but yielded
it to
Mr. FOWLER, who moved that the commit-
tee rise.
The question was put, and it was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose, and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the chairman (Mr.
Richardson) reported that the Committee of the
'Whole on the state of the Union had had under
consideration the state of the Union generally,
and particularly House bill No 43, " making ap-
' propriations for the current and contingent ex-
' penses of the Indian Department, and for fulfill-
' ing treaty stipulations with various Indian tribes
'for the year ending June 30, 1853," and had
come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to have an order
made to print the report of the Committee on
Ways and Means on the amendments of the Sen-
ate to the deficiency bill. I hoped that we should
have taken it up to-day, and that is the reason I
did not ask for the printing of what we had done.
The SPEAKER. If notobjectedto,that order
will be entered.
On motion by Mr. FO WLEll, the House then
adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions, memorials, S^c.,werc presented
Under the nib*, and referred to the appiopriate committees:
By Mr. SMAKT: The petition of Nathaniel Patterson
and others, citizens of Waldo county, Maine, asking tor
bounty land for soldiers, who seivcd at the siege oi
duct?, in the PenoV^ot bay in paid State, dunnc the revo-
lutionary war, and also asking bounty land for the heirs of
said soldiois.
By Mr. CHASTA1NT: The petition of the mferioi court
and Kundiy eitixcim of Cobb county, praying Congie&s to
appiopimte a ->um of money to n^t^t in the erection of a
mew eourt-liou'-e at Marietta, in said county.
By Mr. SCI'DDKR: The petition of Francis Bacon and
2# other president^ and ofiieoH of m^mance companies m
Massachusetts, asking for buoys to be placed on the a Lone
Rock,'' near Hwumis hatlmr, and on a Minkcn wieck in
the channel, near Heeonne^-iet Shonk
AIpo, the petition ofObcd Bavter and 73 other ship-mas-
ters, for the svune.
Al>o, the petition of Joseph Eldridge and 2(5 other ship-
master, for the same.
By Mr. PORTER.: The petition of William J. MeHihi-
ney, Lawrence Kribben, and JO. P. Matthews, of St. Uii.nle.s
county, Mi^souis, for permission to enter two oeitain ^mall
pieces of land m their pop^MMon, fiactionized by the com-
mon* of the town of St. Chailes, and winch have been re-
berved ftorn s-ale up to tins time.
By Mr. CARKTfi : The petition of Francis B. Crump,
sole heir and local repie«entative of Benjamin Crump, de-
ceased, prayniu foi ichef on necounf of the services of the
said Benjamin Crump, during the rcvolutionaiy war.
By Mr. IIANTOUL : Resolutions of the State of .Massa-
chusetts, concerning claim of said State against the United
Slates.
iiy Mr CHANDLER • The memorial of the Rev F. M.
Bo^en, asking Connies to a*5M him with means to eucu-
late among German immigrants in this country, two booKS
winch he has prepared for their benetit.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, June 14,1852.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Rev. Littleton F. Mokgav.
The Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER. The business first in order
is the motion to recommit House bill No. 208,
making grants of land to all the States in the
Union for railroad and educational purposes, upon
which the gentleman from New York [Mr. Ben-
nett] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. MOORE, of Louisiana, t would ask the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Bennett] to sus-
pend one moment to enable me to make a per-
sonal explanation.
Mr. BENNETT did not respond.
Mr. HUNTER. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to take from the Speaker's table
House bill granting the right of preemption to
actual settlers along the line of the Illinois Central
Railroad. Having delayed action upon this meas-
ure in some respect myself, 1 will say to the House
that I have examined this bill thoroughly, and I am
satisfied that, in justice to those building it, it ought
to be passed immediately. The sale of these lands
takes place next month, and if the House wish to
do an act of justice to the settlers along the line of
that road, a general law should be passed, and
passed immediately. I ask, therefore, the unan-
imous consent of the House to take the bill from
the Speaker's table and pass it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask for the reg-
ular order of business.
The SPEAKER. That is the motion to re-
commit House bill No. 208, already stated by the
Chair to be the first business in order.
Mr. FOWLER. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House merely to offer certain resolutions of
the Legislature of Massachusetts, with a view of
having them referred.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I object, and
call for the regular order of business.
Mr. MOORE, of Louisiana. Is it not a priv-
ileged question for a member to make a personal
explanation ?
The SPEAKER. It depends upon the nature
of the explanation.
Mr. MOORE. I ask the unanimous consent,
then, of the House to do so. I do not often trouble
the House.
Mr. IIUNTER. I would ask the Chair, if it
would not be in order to suspend the rules upon
the motion I made?
The SPEAKER. Tt will not be until the special
order of the morning hour is executed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I withdraw the
call for the order of the day.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Louisi-
ana [Mr. Moore] asks the unanimous consent of
the House to allow him to make a personal expla-
nation.
Mr. BENNETT. Will this be taken out of
the morning hour:
The SPEAKER.. It will unless itis the special
understanding of the House that it shall not be.
Mr. MOORE, of Louisiana. On Saturday, in
the course of a speech made by the gentleman
from North Carolina, [Mr. Stanly,] he adverted
to certain meetings held in this city by those who
retired from that celebrated caucus of the Whig
members of Congress lately held. At the same
time he alluded to an attempt made to get up a
third party; and these allusions were so connected
together as to convey the impression to the minds
of some that they were one and the same. It is
my duty, as an honorable man, and as a Whig,
to state, as I do, here most emphatically, that a
few of the friends of Mr. Fillmore, from the North
and from the South, and some from the West, a
short time previous to that caucus had occasionally
assembled in this city. I had the honor of being
the chairman of these meetings, and I ought to
know everything that transpired there. The
object of those meetings, as I understood it, was
to consult aboutthe best fair and honorable means
of promoting the nomination of Mr. Fillmore as
the Whig candidate for President of the United
States. Another object of those meetings was, as
I understood it, to harmonize the Whig party,
and establish such principles, or a platform, as the
modern term has it, as we could all unite upon,
North and South, East and West, and one which
we could all support. If the gentleman from North
Carolina [Mr. Stanly] intended to mean that
those meetings were got up for the purpose of cre-
ating a third party, I think it my duty to put upon
it the seal of mv contradiction, as I do most un-
hesitatingly. There was no such purpose, as I
understood it. _ Again, in connection with his
speech, hementioned another subject, which I will
barely notice. He stated that the honorable gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, my namesake, [Mr.
Moore,] made a proposition in that caucus, if we
would remain there until the time and place of the
National Convention was fixed, he would then
either bring forward or support these compromise
resolutions. I will not say anything disrespect-
ful of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Moore,] or the gentleman from North Carolina,
[Mr. Stanly,] but I wish merely to state, in con-
nection with that fact, that I have not the least
doubt in the world that such a proposition was
made, as both the gentlemen assert it, and I am
bound to believe them.
Mr. MOORE, of Pennsylvania. I do not see
the gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Stanly]
in his seat, and, therefore, with the gentleman's
consent, I will make a brief explanation. I think
the gentleman from Louisiana is mistaken as to
the position assumed by the gentleman from North
Carolina, [Mr. Stanly.] Hestated,if myrecollec-
tionis right, that the gentlemen to whom he alluded,
one of whom was myself, had said they were
ready and willing to vote upon the proposition of
the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Marshall,]
as a separate proposition. I responded to what
the gentleman from North Carolina said on Satur-
day, by stating to the House, that as soon as the
vote on the decision of the Chair, declaring Mr.
Marshall's resolution to be out of order, was
announced, I did say to the meeting, that 1 was
then ready to vote upon the resolution of the gen-
tleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Marshall,] as a
Mr. MOORE, of Louisiana. I wish merely to
say, if any such proposition was made, it was not
made while I was present, or at least I did not
hear it. I heard of it for the first time on Saturday.
If I had been present and heard the proposal of
the honorable gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Moore,] I should have acceded to it most cheer-
fully. I will admit, that I retired early from that
caucus. I was disgusted with the arbitrary, par-
tial, and, as I thought, improper manner in which
the chairman decided those questions to be out of
order. This is all I have to say.
Mr. MEADE. I will ask the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Bennett,] to allow me to offer
some resolutions of the Virginia Legislature, in
connection with the service of some of the soldiers
of the war of 1812. I ask the gentleman 'a permis-
sion to let the short resolution be read, that it may
be referred to the Military Committee.
Mr. RF.NNETT. If it will not come out of
the morning hour, I will not object.
The SPEAKER. It will come out of the morn-
ing hour.
Mr. BENNETT. Then I object.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Bennett] declines to yield the floors
GRANTS FOR EDUCATION AND .RAILROADS.
Mr. BENNETT. My object is not to make a
speech upon this bill. 1 do not desire to say a
word more upon it. When this bill happened to
! be called, it was too late to think of getting a vote
| upon it. I ask gentlemen upon all sides to allow
j a vote to be taken upon it, and for that purpose I
i withdraw the motion I made to recommit. Let
I the bill be engrossed, and ordered to a third read-
; ing. I however renew the motion to recommit,
| and upon that I call the previous question.
Mr. DOTY. I ask the gentleman from New
I York to withdraw the demand for the previous
; question to enable me to offer an amendment,
I Mr. BENNETT. I withdraw it.
| Mr. DOTY. I now offer the following amend-
j ment to the bill:
Sec. 3. Jlnd be it further enacted, That of the lands
. hereby granted to the eleven first-named States, a portion
: of the proceeds thereof shall be applied by the said States,
! le^pechvely, in the manner directed in the preceding sec-
i tion, to aid m the conduction of the following lmes or
' loutes of railioad*. namely:
' From Toledo, Ohio, via Locanepoit, Lafayette, and Pe-
. ona, to Builinirton; from Cincinnati,Ohio, via Vmcennes,
, to St. Louis, with a branch from a point m Illinois, via
Mourfl Carmel, to New Albany; from such point on the
Mississippi river, within the hniits of Arkansas, that
State shall appoint, via Little Rock, to Fort Smith, Arkan-
sas, with a hianch from Little Rock to Fulton, on the Tied
river, and a branch from Littl° Hock to Cairo, at the mouth
of the Ohio river; fiomTcire Haute, in Indiana, via Spring-
field, to Bloominuton, m Illinois; from New Oileans, by
i the way of Jackson and Canton, in Mississippi, thence to
connect, by the nearest and best route, with the pioposed
Nashville and New Oilcans railroad, and from Canton, by
tlie way of Holly Springs, to the line of the State of Ten-
nessee ; fiotn Gnaid, m Alabama, to the waters of the Mo-
bile Bay ; from Brandon, in Mississippi, to Montgomery, in
Alabama; from the river or Lake St. Clair, or the waters
flowing into the same, to Lake Michigan; from the south-
