1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
651
asking additional compensation for taking the Seventh Cen-
sus
By Mr. BURROWS: The memorial of Edward Wilber
and 260 others, citizens of Orleans county. New York, re-
monstrating against the extension of Woodworth's patent
for a planing machine.
By Mi. BELL : Thy petition of E. S. Nichols and J. B.
Crurnbaugh, deputy marshals of Greene county, Ohio, pray-
ing additional compensation for taking the census in said
county.
Abo, the petition of William Curry and Jonathan Davi-
son, deputy marshals of Preble county, Ohio, praying addi-
tional compensation for taking the census of &aid county.
Also, the petition of 44 citizens of the town of Dallas and
vicinity, m the county of Darke, Ohio, praying for the es-
tablishment of a post route from Greenville, m Darke coun-
ty, via Dallas and St. Henry, to Celina, m the county of
Mercer.
By Mr. SCHERMERHORN: The remonstrance of 130
citizens of the county of Momoe, New York, against the
further extension of the Woodworth patent.
By Mr. CHANDLER: The memorial of Rusby, Ashbur-
ner & Son, G. J. Mason, and numerous other Citizens of
Philadelphia, asking for a renewal of the patent for Wood-
woith's planing machine.
Also, the memorial of L. D. Conard and numerous other
citizens of Philadelphia, protesting against the renewal or'
the patent for Woodwork's planing machine.
Also, the resolutions of the Legislatuie of Pennsylvania,
relative to a ship-canal around the Falls of the Sault Ste.
Marie.
By Mr. HENN: The petition of Joseph Brobst and 66
othuis, asking for a grant of land to aid in the construction
of a raihoad from Burlington to the Missouu river.
Also, the memorial of Hosea B. Horn and John J. Sel-
man, asking a grant of land on Bear river, in Utah Teiri-
tory, lor the purpose of forming a settlement and protecting
emigrants to California and Oregon.
By Mr. COTTMAN • The petition of Cathell Humphreys,
William Fieeny, George Todd, and others, praying Con-
gress to provide lor the removal of a wreck fiom the chan-
nel leading into Hooper's Straits, in Chesapeake Bay.
Also, the petition of John Dix, Travers Daniel, James
Phabuc, Levin Ballard, and 110 others, praying Congiess to
pass an act to establish a port of entry for licensing vessels,
at Deal's Island, in Somerset county, Maryland.
By Mr. FITCH : The petition of Bennet E. Davis, as-
sistant marshal of Kosciusko county, Indiana, asking ad-
ditional compensation for services in taking the census.
By Mr. ROBBINS: Resolutions of the Legislature of
the State of Pennsylvania, instructing their Senators and
requesting their Representatives to vote lor an appropriation
for the construction of a ship-canal around the Falls of
the Sauk Ste. Marie.
By Mr. FLORENCE: A memorial of Montgomery &.
Neali, Thomas Robb, Edward Heysham, Thomas Mandor-
field, Edward W. Cavenaugh, and others, residents of the
city and county of Philadelphia, remonstrating against the
extension of the Woodworth patent for planing boards, &c.
Also, a memorial of Alexander Fillott, John R. Fmley,
Maurice Rmtt, and others, citizens of the county of Phila-
delphia, praying Congiess to pass a law extending the Wood-
worth patent tor planing boards, &e.
Also, a memorial of Rowley W. Pegley, Thomas Moore,
Andrew Boswell, Allan MeOollin, and others, citizens of
the county of Philadelphia, remonstrating against the ex-
tension of the Woodworth patent lor planing boards, Sec.
By Mr. MOORE, of Pennsylvania: Resolution# of the
Legislatureof Pennsylvania in favor of a ship-canal around
the Falls of the Sault Ste. Mane.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, February 28, 1852.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev.C. M. Butler.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate resolutions passed at a meeting of the in-
habitants of the town of Milton, in the county of
Wayne, and State of Indiana, recommending the
passage of a law by Congress providing for a di-
vision of the Indian territory lying southwest-
wardly of the Missouri river, and for defining the
boundaries of the Territory of Nebraska; also,
making provisions for the removal of certain tribes
of Indians from said Territory of Nebraska,.and
for the settlement of the public lands lying therein
to which the Indian title has been extinguished;
which were referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Also, resolutions of a public meeting convened
in the town of Aurora, county of Dearborn, and
State of Indiana, on the 16th day of January,
1852, recommending a reform in the disposition of
the public lands of the United States; which were
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. SEWARD presented a resolution of the
Legislature of New York, in favor of the publi-
cation by Congress of a compendium of the first
and every subsequent census or enumeration of
the people of the United States, with such statis-
tical, agricultural, and other information as can
be obtained, arranged under the heads exhibited
in the returns of the last census; which was or-
dered to be printed.
Also, a petition of four hundred and seventy-
six citizens of the county of Niagara, in the State
of New York, remonstrating against the further
extension of Woodworth's patent for a planing
machine; which was referred to the Committeeon
Patents and the Patent Office.
Also, additional documents in support of the
claim of Brinton Paine to a pension; which were
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. FISH presented the petition of citizens of
Westchester county, New York, praying an ex-
tension of W. W. Woodworth's patent for a
planing machine; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. BRODHEAD presented two petitions of
citizens of Pennsylvania, remonstrating against an
extension of the patent granted to W. W. Wood-
worth for a planing machine; which were referred
to the Committee on Patents and the Patent Office.
Also, five petitions of citizens of Pennsylvania,
remonstrating against the renewal of the patent
granted to Austin and Zebulon Parker, for im-
provements in the water-wheel; which were re-
ferred to the Committee on Patents and the Patent
Office.
Also, a memorial of the citizens of Alleghany
county, in the State of Pennsylvania, praying for
the construction of a ship-canal around the Falls of
the St. Mary's river; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. JAMES presented a petition of citizens of
Philadelphia county, Pennsylvania, remonstrating
against an extension of the patent granted to W.
W. Woodworth for a planing machine; which
was referred to the Committee on Patents and the
Patent Office.
Also, the memorial of the heirs and legal rep-
resentatives of William Jones, of Massachusetts,
praying compensation for his services during the
revolutionary war; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. DODGE, of Wisconsin, presented a me-
morial of inhabitants of Wisconsin, praying that
the transportation of the United States mails on
the Sabbath day, may be prohibited by law; which
was referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
Mr. MALLORY presented the petition of Rich-
ard W. Meade, late a lieutenant in the Navy,
Eraying to be allowed certain expenses to which
e was subjected during the time he was compelled
to remain on shore at San Francisco, m conse-
quence of the refusal of the officer commanding
the squadron in the Pacific to permit him to take
the command of a vessel on that statL n, to which
he had been ordered by the Department at Wash-
: ington; which was referred to the Committee on
| Naval Affairs.
| Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, presented a memorial of
s citizens of Iowa, praying a donation of land to the
i State for the construction of a railroad from Bur-
i lington to the Missouri river; which was referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Also, the memorial of Isaac Galland, praying
the appointment of commissioners to examine
and settle claims to lands in the Sax and Fox
Half-breed Reservation in Iowa; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. DOUGLAS presented petitions of citizens
of the city and county of New York, remonstra-
ting against an extension of the patent granted to
W. W. Woodworth, foraplaning machine; which
1 were referred to the Committee on Patents and the
Patent Office.
Also, a memorial of citizens of Illinois, remon-
strating against a renewal of the patent granted to
Austin and Zebulon Parker for improvements in
the water-wheel; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. SMITH presented the memorial of Horace
! Gaylord, assistant marshal for the district of Con-
■ necticut, praying an increase of compensation for
' taking the late census; which was referred to the
i Committee of Claims.
j Also, the memorial of George Andrews, pray-
' ing that the public lands may be reserved for
i actual settlers, and for bounties in case the coun-
j try should hereafter be involved in war; which
J was referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
j Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, presented the me-
I morial of the Legislature of Tennessee, praying
an appropriation for the completion of the works
in the United States navy-yard at Memphis;
which was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Mr. WALKER presented two memorials from
citizens of Cincinnati, Ohio, asking that Congress
will adopt the resolutions submitted by the hon-
orable I. P. "Walker, in relation to the foreign
policy of the United States; which were ordered
to be laid on the table.
Mr. CASS presented the petition of Thomas
Jefferson Sutherland, a citizen of the United
States, praying for an act of Congress providing
for the grant of the right of preemption of lands
in the Territory of Nebraska, for the, site of the
Nebraska Polytechnic Institute, a military agri-
cultural school proposed to be established in the
said Territory, and for the loan of certain arms
and military equipments of the United States;
which was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Also, a petition of citizens of the United States,
praying the construction of a ship-canal around
the Falls of the St. Mary's river; which was
ordered to be laid on the table.
Mr. ATCHISON presented a memorial of the
Legislature of Minnesota Territory, praying the
ratification of certain treaties with" the Sioux and
Chippewa Indians in that Territory; which was
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. BRODHEAD, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Daniel Nippes, on the files
of the Senate, be refened to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
On motion by Mr. BRADBURY, it was
Ordered, That the petition of William Davis, on the
files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
On motion by Mr. BRADBURY, it was
Ordered, That the petition of the heirs of William Frost
and the petition of the heirs-at-law of Nathaniel Leavitt,
on the files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims.
REPORTS PROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. MALLORY, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, which was instructed, by a resolution
of the Senate, to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a naval depot at jKev West, sub-
mitted a report, accompanied by a bill to provide
for the establishment of a naval depot at Key
West; which was read and passed to the second
reading. The report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. WALKER, from the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Claims, to which was referred the
petition of the legal representatives of Joseph
Ford, asked to be discharged from the further
consideration thereof, and that it be referred to
the Committee on Pensions; which was agreed to.
DISTRICT JUDGE OF ALABAMA.
Mr. CLEMENS submitted the following reso-
lution for consideration; which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of increasing the
salary ofthe judge of the United States court for the district
of Alabama.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message from the President of the United
States was received by Mr. M. P. Fillmore, his
Secretary, communicating that the President of
the United States had approved and signed, the
27th instant, an act to admit the hermaphrodite brig
"Sylphide" to registry; also, the joint resolution
extending the time of the commission under the
convention with Brazil.
BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills from the House of Repre-
sentatives were severally read a first and second
times by their titles, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Pensions:
An act for the relief of Cornelius Hughes, of
Tennessee;
An act for the relief of Francis Tribou;
An act for the relief of James Wright, jr.;
An act for the relief of John Mcintosh;
An act for the relief of Ichabod Weymouth;and
An act for the relief of John Kerbaugh.
The following bill from the House of Repre-
sentatives was read a first and second time by its
title, and referred to the Committee of Claims:
An act for the relief of Charles S. Mathews,
: Charles Wood, and James Hall.
j COMPROMISE RESOLUTION.
| The resolution submitted the 4th of December,
I in relation to the adjustment ofquestions growing
1 outof the institution of domestic slavery was again
; taken up.
