1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2427
required in favor of temperance, while it is, in
some measure, a constraint on the liberty of indi-
vidual free action, is a voluntary principle, con-
fined to the individual, and operating only on
present time. But, sir, when they come to im-
prove morals by coercion—to interfere with ac-
knowledged rights of freemen, that is a more seri-
ous matter—that is a principle which, though at
the moment beneficial m its effects, may be preju-
dicial to human liberty in all time to come. "Would
you enslave mankind—would you interfere with
rights essential to human liberty and humtln dig-
nity? Would you, to save any number of nun
from intemperance, reverse the decrees of God,
which require that the principles, the heart of
man should be altered, and substitute human en-
actments for that irreversible law, upon which
alone any permanent reform may be expected?
Sir j great caution should be exercised in the appli-
cation of the humane principles upon which this
bill is based.
When you are about adopting measures to save
human life from destruction on board of steam-
boats, I would have you to consider the value of
a man's life compared with his happiness and his
liberty, with the freedom and happiness of our
race. Life is transient and evanescent* but liberty
and equal lights, t hope, will enduie as long as
truth shall endure.
Sir, we ought, indeed, to be the guardians of
liberty; but 11 seems that we are to be not only the
guardians of liberty, but to take under our charge
all the men and women who choose to go on board
a steamboat or not, as they see fit. Ay, sir, and
on board a boat which is known to be in the con-
stant practice of racing, if a man will go on
board a steamboat that is not fit to carry him, be-
cause he can go for a quarter of a dollar less than
by some other conveyance, are we to destroy,or in
any way interfere withthe proper rights of other cit-
izens in order to serve him ? It must not be forgot-
ten that travelers themselves are not altogether fi ee
from just reproach and responsibility in this mat-
ter—they tire ihe principal cause of these repeated
losses of lite. They must, they will go in the
fastest boat; yes, sir, they will rush to that boat
which carries them speediest and cheapest. It is
to their pockets they look when they select a boat,
and to the Government to protect their lives when
on board. They will go in any kind of boat, and
with any kind of a captain, to go a little cheaper, and
then, when accidents do happen, as they will m
all human affairs, they burn with desire to hang
the captain and owners, entirely oveilooking then-
own responsibility in the matter, and that they
have been the principal cause of the mischief by
encouraging the conjunction of light cheap boats.
Mr. President, 1 hope I entertain as strong and
sincere feelings of respect for the lives of my
fellow men, as any other gentleman upon this
floor: but I hold it to be my imperative duty not
to permit my feelings of humanity or kindness to
interfere with that protection which I am bound,
as a Senator of the United States, to throw around
the liberty of the citizen, the investment of his
properly, or the management of his own business.
Sir, I laise my voice hereon this occasion to
say to Senators, that m this Chamber they have, in
my judgment, done enough in past time to shake
the principles of Democratic freedom; and that
they had best take heed lest they go so far that
they never can regain what has been inconsider-
ately lost. Look, for example, at your census
laws. You have authorized Federal officers to go
into the houses of your citizens and inquire into
their number and condition, and when and where
and how they were born.
Again, &ir, some of the States have laws author-
izing their public officers to go into the houses of
citizens and demand how much property they
own and where it is, how much they owe and i
how much is owing to them, and other things
equally offensive to the feelings of an independent
freeman as jt is injurious to his business. And
now, sir, you want to control him in the invest-
ment and management of his property! Let me
ask, what will be left of human liberty if we pro-
gress on this course much further ? What will be,
by and by, the difference between citizens of this
far-famed Republic and the serfs of Russia? Can
a man's property be said to be his own, when you
take jt out of his own control and put it into the
hands of another, though he may be a Federal
officer1 Can a man's property be called his own
if your officer—who will certainly be a politician,
and may be an ^responsible man—has the power
to determine whether that property is invested
according to his idea of law; and, if he sees lit,
condemn it ? The steamboat property in this coun-
try is owned by a numerous and respectable class
of men, and perhaps as kind-heaited and humane
as any of us—men, too, whose interests, as well
as whose feelings, constrain them to look to the
safety of then- vessels, and to exercise a constant
watchfulness, not only over their own interests,
but also over the interests and lives of others in-
trusted to their care.
Sir, this bill will not attain the object intended.
Let every one build his boat in his own way,
but subject him to all the high responsibilities ot a
public servant and common carrier. If you take
this kind of property out of the charge of those jj institute
most inteiested in it, and put it in charge of men j| the nu
who have no sort of interest in it, except what
they may derive from a per diem inspection, you
will relieve from all responsibility very responsible
parties, and do an inconceivable wrong to indi-
viduals and to society. Will that be right5 Is it
judicious? Then, again, you would apply the
principles of this bill, intended, no doubt, tor good,
(and which, if extended only to those steamboats
which run on western waters,—about which I know
nothing,—might be valuable,) to boats on riveis,
where they can almost touch the shore on both
sides, and whose greatest difficulty is to keep from
running ashore: and ihis is to be done m such a
way as is likely to destroy the entire interests m
such boats
But I will not press the subject any further. I
have thrown out these suggestions as tiie gtound
of my hope that the further consideration of this
bill may be postponed. The law is not intended
to go into opeiation before March next; and 1
think that m the mean tune this bill may be so
guarded as notto infringe on the liberties of others,
while it may afford ail possible guards for the
safely of human lite.
Mr. DO WjN'b. I am sorry to occupy the time
i; Mr. DAVIS. Allow me to mention a fact.
; Seventy persons perished on board the Henry
i Ciay, when the bow of the boat was on shore,
I solely from the want of proper means to assist
i their escape.
! Mr. i)OWi\S. I know it well, sir. Yet, gen-
! tiemen here tell us that we should not interfere
| with private interests. I tell these gentlemen that
[ if ever there was a subject that required the prompt
i and speedy action of Congress, it is that we have
(now under consideration. Nor is this the first
j lime tliat the question has forced itself on the atten-
ji tion of a legislative body. Some years ago a law
11 was passed in the State of Louisiana for a similar
I; object, and 1 had some experience of the manner
li in which it was administered. I held the office
of district attorney, and felt it to be my duty to
a most ri^id inquiry as to the causes of
•rous accidents, with a view to preven-
tion; yet such were the defects of the law that not
| a single conviction could be obtained, and I be-
| cameconvinced that individual States have not a
! sufficiently extensive jurisdiction to enable them
j to enact such laws as will be openitive. It is
| utterly out of their power to do so when a boat
I wiii sometimes pass through two or three States
! m the course of a single day. The question then
j comes before Congiess, and we are to decide
whether this wholesale, systematized process of
| murder is to go on, by which seven hundred per-
i sons ha\e been hurried to a premature death in
the course of a single year. I agree with the
Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Davis,] that
the tune is come for us to do something. We
ha\e needed some incentive to action, and we
should ntocced at once while our minds are made
up.
1 am opposed to any postponement. If the bill
does become law, and if that law is to take effect
in March, it is absolutely necessary that we
should p.i!;s upon it at once, in oid^r to enable the
ptopneterx of steamboats to take those steps which
it ifquirts.
M r. STOCKTON. Mr. President, I wish it to
of ihe Senate, but I cannot remain silent when jl be distiic fy understood that I have not under-
such strenuous opposition is made to the passage
of this bill, and when the pecuniary interests oi
a few steamboat owneis ate placed m favorable
contrast with our duty to piotect the lives of the
public. I confess that I have heard many things,
since I first had a seat m this body, which have
surpused me; but the argument against the bill
just delivered by the Senator from New Jersey,
[Mr. Stockton,] is the most extraorihn.it y I evei
listened to. I had thought that the criminal juris-
diction of the United States extended o\er the
harbors, bays, and rivers of tins cuuntry; and
that the United States had the authority 1 o punish
the crime of muider m those waters. This bill is
to punish murder, and nothing else.
Mr. STOCKTON. I do m l deny the au-
thority of Congress. I only intended to warn the
Senate a^amst its abuse.
Mr. DOWNS. I consider that the only ques-
tion involved in the bill is this: Whether we shall
permit a legalized, unquestioned, unchecked, and
peculiar class in the community, to go on commit-
ting murder at will, or whether we shall make such
enactments as will compel them to pay some
attention to the value of life r I have no hostility,
or prejudices, or resentments, against those pri-
sons who hold property in steamboats. I km \v
that there ait many honoic.b'e men among them.
I know that, as a f>lass, they nny all be ioi k'.d
on as honoiable and fair men; but 1 know some-
thing of their characteristics ,md peculiari'ic.
Like the Senator from Texas, [Mr. Hi sk,] 1 ha\e
had to travel much with them, and know that,
like all men who arc constantly exposed to (lunger
—like the warrior, the soldier, accustomed to risk
life at every moment—they h ive become indifferent
and careless to the perls with which they are con-
stantly surrounded, and expose the lives of o*her<5
who avail themselves of their means of traveling,
recklessly and needlessly, to instant destruction.
That feehng of careless hardihood, ! know, exists
among them; and I ask, is it not time that Con-
gress should interpose, when we hear repeatedly
of the fatal consequences it entails—when we
know that three hundred persons have, as one of
its results, perished within the last month on our
waters, and when we are informeed that no less
than seven hundred lhes have been lost by steam-
boat accidents withm the last twelve months -
tak-n to deny the right of Congress to interfere,
or the necessity of some interference, in regard to
I the safety of steamboats. What I ha\e said is,
; that it is neuvsary to amend and to guard such a
1 bill as that now before us from all unnecessary
| encroachment on the liberty or business of the
! citizen. The bill has been altered since it left the
; Senate, and js now hurried along under the influ-
j ence of humane and honorable, but excited feel-
i nnrs. Reference has been made by its friends to
! recent ac:;dents, and especially to the loss of life
: winch ocurred on board the Henry Clay, in jus-
! tili'-ntion of this measure. With regard to that
| melancholy event, ! must say that 1 believe all
who know an) thins; about steamboat navigation
! will agree with me, that not a single life ought to
, have been lost on that occasion. At oil e\ents,
my opinion is, that to a want of self-possession
the great loss ot life which occurred at that time
is mainly to be attnlmted. The boat went on
' shore wnhm six or seven feet of the railroad, as
we have been informed; and all that seems to have
been needful for the safety of the passeti^eis was
self-command enough to get on bhore from the
bow, thui keeping «,lear of the flames. I3ut in-
stead of which, they unaccountably and wildly
ruslfd to the stern, into the flames or the water.
Is there .•oythmg in this bill to prevent such
i [ .Hue—s <ch a scene5
if Senators will allow the consideration of this
1 •pr-snoii tobe postponed until next session,it need
nor delay the practical operation of this measure
: in any respect, as no one proposes that it shall go
; into Tojcl until next March. This reasonable de-
iyy wiilaihiuj an oppoitunlty to amend th^ bill in
s'nae w. y that may be advantageous and satis-
factory i- 1 confess my own willingness to
make souk- of it* piov.sions more stringent than
they no.v aie. The fe-t is that gentlemen do not
thoroughly undeistand the oUt^ect, and as it is
altogether a practical subject, 1 may he excused
for sayirg so. h i ' a ma.,.-  t«ut requires great
practical knowledge and experience, m,d should
be well <••,>!. idcren. The move fact of a steamboat
having been tecentiy destroyed by hre, is not a
good reason why 'iiis bill, incomplete and ill-
advised . ^ 1 thi..k !! h-, .should be passed. The
Senator ii\ m Massachusetts, [Mr. Davis,] know,-;
as well an I do, that the chief cause of steamboat
