/
652
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 28,
Mr. CLEMENS. Mr. President, I observed a
paid.gru.ph in one of the papers of this morning,
lamenting that the Senate had been disgraced on
yesterday by the use of " coarse and scurrilous"
language. When the Senator from South Caro-
lina [Mr. Rhett] gave a formal notice to his
peculiar friends to be present on that occasion, for
the purpose of hearing him indulge in personal-
ities; when he caused a notice to be served upon
me, that it was his purpose to engage in that par-
ticular species of amusement, I hope that neither
he nor they supposed the war would be confined
entirtly to one side. It is to be regretted, doubt-
jess, that the invitation to my funeral should have
turned out to be so sad a mistake. The guests
were ali present; the preacher was at his post, and
proceeded regularly with the ceremonies; but then
came the resurrection, and now, yistead of the tri-
umphant notice which the Senator no doubt antici-
pated, we have a short paragraph deprecating the
use of personal language in the Senate. If that
Senator had taken the course he ought to have
taken, there would have been no syllable uttered
by me to which the greatest stickler for propriety
could object. If he had confined himself to attacks
upon my political course; if he had commented in
language, no matter how severe, upon what he
chose to regard as my inconsistencies, or my aban-
donmentof State-rights, I should have replied wuh
perfect temper, and uttered nothing oifenslve to
him or others. But when he went to the columns
of a low and scurrilous newspaper to hunt up a
foul and loathsome calumny, when he brought
that calumny here, and sought to give it dignity
and importance by paiading it in the presence of
the Senate, I did feel some degree of irritation, and
gave the only answer it became me to make. For
the language used i have no regrets*, nor have 1
the least disposition to recall or explain it. Pre-
vious to that, he had said nothing which excited a
feeling of anger. If he imagined he was saying
anythingnew—anything which had not been heard
from every stump m Georgia, Alabama, and Mis-
sissippi—he knows but little of the contest through
which the Union men of the South have recently
passed. His mode of assault was too familiar to
me to cause annoyance; I have met it again and
again, and expected to meet it here.
If i had been permitted to conclude on yester-
day, I should have said other things quite as un-
pleasant as those to which he has already listened:
but a night's reflection has satisfied me that enough
has been said, and that however much he may de-
serve it, it does not become me to utter more. I
shall, therefore, confine myself to a defence of that
consistency he has arraigned, and m the course of
my lemarks, I shall endeavor to show that he
knows nothing whatever of the subjects on which
he lias undertaken to speak. lie promised m the
outset to prove that, in 1850, I was a thorough
S;a(e-rights man, and in December, I8.>1, (the
date of my speech on Foote's resolutions,) I was
a Federal consohdationist. To establish tins, he
quoted an extract from a speech of mine, which
he either could not, or would notundeistnnd. In
that speech the term "sovereign"' is indeed applied
to a State, and there is a denial of the right of the
Executive to use force. It was bused upon a letter
of the Piesident, in winch he claimed the right to
employ the military of the United States against
Texas. I denied it, and saul, " the lav/ is plain
and deai—individual.--, not States, are the subjects
of coercion." I had the law befoi e me a* the tim<"-,
a id meant only to assume the ground taken by
General Jackson in the memorable jjulljtie.iunii era.
When St>uth Carolina po'pnscd to null.fy a law
oi the land. General Jackson applied to Congress,
and smd, that the powers vested in him wcie not
sufficient to subdue the forcVc resistance of a
State, and therefoie he naked for the passage of a
law to meet the emergency. The force bill w.>s
the result. So I held, and hold now, thai she Kacc-
Uii\e aas no power to resort to coercion in the
f'ven^of resistance by a State, but Congress lias,
and Congress may at any li ne AU,hori?e him to
do so. It will be difficult for the Senator to find
'V language of mine denying this ncht on the
pait oi the law-making power of the Union, [t
:>• a right essential to ns very existence. Take it
."Wiiv, a* d our Confederacy would be worse than
i he oid Amidivetion.c league. If there is no pov, er
roconvra SrVe, the new Rnues nughtapMropriate
all iht public lands wuhin their respective limits
j iifc Atlantic migiit ucizeiipon the levenues
from imports. One State might block up the navi-
gation of a particular river, and another abolish
the collection of debts in t he United States courts, or
the punishmentof offences against the United States
laws. The Republic could not endure for a year
unless Congress possessed the power of coercion.
With a characteristic attempt at special pleading,
the Senator has seized upon my use of the words
" sovereign State," and thus seeks to convict me
of inconsistency. Why, sir, in the speech to
which he professed to be replying, I admitted the
too loose use of these words. In common with
every other public man in the country, 1 have 1
often spoken of the States as " sovereign,si and it
is possible, as I have before said, that we have
thus contributed to the errors which pervade cer-
tain portionsof the country. The ordinary reader
.1 when he sees the word sovereign in the speech ot
d a public man, will attach to it the meaning given
by the dictionaries,and it will not always be pres-
/ ent to his mind that when we so speak, we speak
of a sovereignty circumscribed by the Constitution,
i I have again and again asserted", that some of the
j highest and most essential attributes of suver-
! eio'nty have been taken away from the States; and
1 who will dare to deny it? TheSenatorfrom South '
■ Carolina has not ventured to do so. Of the many
' cases I enumerated, he has seized upon one which ,
' he takes to be the weak point, and labors to prove
that I am mistaken m asserting a State cannot ,
I punish treason against itself. In the exultation
[ of his fancied success, he adds, " if I am right in ,
i that,it is indeed true the States are not sovereign."
II Well, sir, I shall show that I am right, and that j
I- the Senator, in his ignorance of the Constitution,
■ I has made an admission fatal to his case. Ileenu- .
merates, as conclusive of the question, certain
11 States which have passed laws for the punishment
!l of treason. Now, sir, 1 have not been guilty of
, the folly of averting that a State may not call mur-
• der treason, and so punish it. 1 have not denied j
; but that she may designate in her laws a riot as i
I treason, or a forcible rescue as treason. But what |
II I do say is, that a right to punish treason, as ap- :
pertaining to sovereignty, is something which js
absolute, uncontrolled, and unlimited." Any re-
striction whatever of the right is its destruction.
, There is one kind of punishment for treason a State
,, cannot inflict. There are cases in which she can-
: not punish atall. One of the most common modes
of punishing treason is by bill of attainder. The
;| Constitution has expressly taken away from the
States the right to pass bills of attainder. Here
then is a restriction which, acccordmg to h;s un-
derstanding, as well us to mine, is a destruction of
the right as an attribute of soveieignty. But let
,i me give a stronger illustration. 1 icati first from
' j the Constitution: ;
"Tin- Constitution, and tlie law-, of fho United Stares
whicli bo made in pursuance thnuof, am! all ncatics
made, or which ^liatj he made under ihe autlioiny of rho
l/mt'ul ^tat( s, siihil !>e the f-upieme law oi lJielaml; ami
■ the judges in Statu >hall Ijc bound thereby, am filing '
1 in tin; eotivtiiut'on or lavv>: oi any r>rito to the eontiarv not"
withstanding "
I will suppose a case which has once occurred.
I will suppose that Congress passes a revenue law
whi'h gives great offence to the authorities of
South Carolina. The Legislature, sitting in the
interior oi the State, declares it a nullity, and arms
■ a portion of the citizens to resist it by force. The ,
officers of the United Srates in the city of Charles- '
ton call upon the citizens to aid them in the exe- 1
cution of the law. in obedience to the supreme
law of the land that aid is given, and foive repelled
by force. Will any one pretend that for thus re-
sisting the constituted authorities of the State by
arms, a citizen could be rhrhifully punished fur
treason? They nii.tht hang him if thev caught
linn—tlitv might doubtless indulge in ali those de-
lectable amusements wluch the Senator pointed for
us on yesterday—but then it would he a question
of might, not a question of risriit. If curried be-
fore any just judge, he would only have to point
to the Constitution and then to the law he obeyed,
to insure his discharge. JVo judicial officer, wuh
a proper regard for his oath, would hesU  te to de-
clare that a Slate had no power top.onsh a citizen
fur obedience to the laws of the Union. The
Consntufiou must rlist he ficstioved. When th,u
is done—when a successful revolution has enabled
a State to resume the powers wich winch it has
parted—then, bu: not Until the.., .wil' thehws of
the United States cense to be supreme, and obe- !
dience to them be punished treason. !
There is a tribe of constitutional exponents in
our land who have learned by rote the words fed-
eralist, consolidatiomst, and submission ist,* and
who apply them indiscriminately to every one
whose arguments they cannot answer. From such
men I have nothing to expect but detraction, and
to such men 1 do not address myself, i look to '
the calm, good sense of the people to rebuke the
dangerous heresy that we have a national Govern-
ment in name only, not in fact—a Government
equally poweiless for its own protection or the
protection of the citizen—a Government which the
whims or caprices of every petty State may at any
moment dissolve, and involve the kind in all the
horrors of anarchy.
The Senator has read, with great seeming satis-
faction, a declaration of mine, that wherever Ala-
bama went I would go with her. Certainly, sir; I
did use such language; and I repeat it now. But it
by no means follows that I believe Alabama has a
right to secede. It only follows that my affections*
are there, and whether right or wrong I shall go
with her. Upon the same principle I would assist
a brother or a friend if I found him engaged m a
personal difficulty, without stopping to inquire
into the cause of the quarrel. I shall do, as I
have done, all I can to prevent Alabama from
rushing on to her own destruction; but if those
efforts fail, her destiny must be mine. 1 shall go,
however, with my eyes open; claiming no right
of peaceable secession, but asserting the right of
revolution—a right to be enforced by the armed
hand, and the armed hand only. The difference
between the Senator and myself is, that I hope the
time may ne\er come when I shall be compelled
to choose between the Union and my native State.
Hence I have sought to lemovc all causes of bit-
terness, and to quiet that lestlcss feeling of discon-
tent which must ultimately lead to such painful
results. The Senator, on the other hand, has been
engaged in the opposite ta^k of creating prejudices
and exciting animosities where none before ex-
isted. I shall leave it for others to decide which
best becomes the character of a patriot.
In his indictment against me, the Senator has
included a resolution of inquiry which I had the
honor to submit to the Senate in the performance
of my duties here. This is a striking illustration
of that Senator's peculiar mode of reasoning.
Who, save the Senator himself, ever dreamed of
attributing opinions to another, and proving it by
a resolution of inquiry? In the very nature of
things, such a resolution implies that we are in
doubt, and want information upon which to base
an opinion. But suppose I did believe at that
time—as indeed I did—that the President had in-
terfered in the aiTans of California to a censurable
extent, there is nothing in my present position at
all inconsistent with it. The President denied
it—my oid friend, General Riley, denied it. The
pioof sustained them, and the* prosecution was
abandoned. 1 know of no one man upon whom
a heavier responsibility rests for the admission of
California than R. Barnwell Riiltt himself. The
Journal of the other House will prove that if Cali-
foiniais now a State, the Southern members of
that body, including the Senator, are accountable
for it. They had it completely in their power to
defeat the appropriation bills entirely, or compel
the adoption of the Senate's amendment, known as
"Walker's amendment." If the Senator had
merely resorted to (lie legislative expedient of
making dilatory motions, and calling the yeas and
nays, California would have had a teiriion.d gov-
ernment, and thus all the angry discussions upon
her admission as a State would have been avoided.
A northern man (Mr. Wm,kcb, of Wisconsin,s)
proposed a satisfactory settlement. The Senate
passed it—the House rejected it, and the Senator
from South Carolina, then a member of that body,
made no effort at resistance. He who is now anx-
ious to resort to violence and bloodshed shrank
even from adopting a legislative expedient, un-
usual indeed and raiely to be justified, but still
far preferable as a preventive, to levotution as a
remedy The people of California did not want
a State government, for the support, of which they
would necessarily be loaded with taxes. They
desired to be organized into a Territory, the ex-
pense of which would fall on us, not on (hem.
They adopted a constitution and form of State
government n?- a last resort, because they could
adopt no oiher, and their necessities demanded
a government of some kind. Upon th*  principle
