24-28
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 28,
accidents, is the use of bad and defective boilers.
It is all very well to make provisions as to the
manner in which steamboats should be constructed
and navigated, but there is something else to be
looked to; and that is the manner in which the
boilers are constructed, and the quality of the iron
of which they are made. Where one accident
arises from burning up of a boat, there are a dozen
from bursting boilers. Whenever a boiler bursts,
and deaths occur m consequence, the public are
always excessively indignant against the owner of
the boat, when, in truth, not the owner, bat the
iron master and the boiler maker are—if anybody—
responsible.
The person who purchases the iron may easily
be deceived; an instance of the kind happened
only the other day on the Erie railroad. The iron
of which one of the wheels of an engine was con-
structed, was so bad in quality, that it broke, and
several cars were hurled down an embankment
thirty or forty feet high. I hope Senators will
consent to the postponement of this bill. I do not
desire its rejection. I merely require such a delay
as to enable us to modify it, and make it a reason-
able bill. I am willing that it should be stringent
in its provisions; but, at the same time, I desire
that it may be intelligible, and that it may not in-
terfere, more than is indispensable, with therights
of private property. If this request is accorded,
I will then use my best exertions to aid in matur-
ing such a bill as will not only satisfy the Senator
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Davis,] but also the
Senator from Texas, [Mr. Rusk,] and the Sena-
tor from Louisiana, [Mr. Downs.]
I now move that the bill be laid on the table.
Mr. JAMES. Will the Senator from New
Jersey allow me to say one word ?
Mr. WELLER. 1 wish to say a word, too,
and hope I may have the opportunity.
Mr. STOCKTON. I must persist in my mo-
tion. If I open the door every gentleman in the
Senate will speak.
Mr. WELLER. I am as desirous as any gen-
tleman that the debate should come to a close, but
I wish to say one word on the question.
Mr. STOCKTON. I must persist in my mo-
tion. I am appealed to by so many friends that
I cannot withdraw.
Mr. PRATT. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FISH. Allow me to inquire whether, if
we lay this bill over, we will not destroy it? I
hope that those who have a decent regard for
human life will not destroy this bill by a side-
blow.
The yeas and nays were taken, and resulted—
yeas 8, nays 43; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Butler, Clemens, Hale, Hunter,
Jame«, Pratt, and Stockton—8.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Atchison, Badger, Bell, Bor-
land, Bradbury, Bright, Biooke, Cass, Charlton, Chase,
Clarke, Cooper, Davis, Dawson, Dodge of Wisconsin,
Dodge of Iowa, Douglas, Downs, Feloh, Fish, Geyer,
lJamlin, Houston, Jones of fowa, Mangum, Mason, Meri-
wether, Miller, Morton, Morris, Rti«k, Shields, Smith,
SouU*>, Spruance, Sumner, Toucey, Underwood, Upham,
Wade, Walker, and Welter—43.
The motion to lay the bill on the table did not
prevail.
The PRESIDENT. The question now is on
the amendment reported by the committee.
Mr. JAMES. I do not rise to consume the
time of the Senate. I will merely say that when
the bill was under the consideration of this body
on a former occasion, I was absent, and that I had
no opportunity of expressing my objections to it
either here or elsewhere. If the bill should pass in its
present shape, it will be almost impossible to com-
ply with its provisions. I hope, therefore, that a
committee will be appointed with power to send
for persons and papers, and with instructions to
report a substitute to the bill now before us.
Mr. DAVIS. One word. It is indispensably
necessary that time for preparation should be al-
lowed the steamboat owners. This bill affords
them time; but if it should not now be passed, we
shall be compelled to commence de novo next ses-
sion.
Mr. STOCKTON. I hope the question will
be taken on the amendments separately, and I ask
that they be read.
Several Senators. No, no. Allow the
question to be taken on all the amendments at
once.
Mr. STOCKTON. The bill is a most import-
ant one; and if it is passed at all, it should be done
properly.
The question was then taken separately on the
first four amendments, reported from the House
of Representatives, and they were agreed to.
Mr. GWIN. 1 would remark, that it is very
injudicious to pursue this course. The amend-
ments are read by the Secretary at the desk, and
no one is aware of what effect the mere insertion
or striking out of a word, or words, may have upon
the general provisions of the bill. If the amend-
ments are to be read, the Senate should be made
aware of their import, by reading the clauses as
amended.
Mr. ATCHISON. I have one word to say.
This is the same course that we pursued with the
river and harbor bill; the same course that was
pursued with the civil and diplomatic appropri-
ation bill; and I will undertake to say that not half
a dozen gentlemen beyond those who reported the
bills, knew the effect of a single amendment. We
knew something about the general provisions, but
nothing about the details of those bills. What
could I, who have never been on the lakes, know
about the appropriations for the harbors situated
there? I never saw the estimates and surveys upon
which those appropriations were recommended,
but was obliged to confide in those gentlemen who
took the subject in hand. We have to take these
things on trust, and 1 am prepared to swallow this
steamboat bill on trust, just as we have done many
others.
Mr. BAYARD. It is a mere absurdity—the
words 44 insert" and " strike out," together with
" the amendment of the House of Representa-
tives. " The recurrence of the formula is ridicu-
lous, and conveys no information to the mind of a
single Senator.
Mr. DAVIS. I wish to say to the Senator from
New Jersey [Mr. Stockton] that I know he is a
humane man, and that I hope he will spare us the
infliction of going over these amendments.
Mr. STOCKTON. I am so circumstanced that
I could not yield to the solicitation of my friend
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Davis,] or of the gen-
tlemen near him; nor could I yield to any solicit-
ations in the world; but I see the utter hopeless-
ness of the conflict, and that my objections to the
passage of the bill will be of no avail. Feeling
this, it is a matter of courtesy to the Senate that 1
should withdraw my call for the reading of the
amendments separately. Before sitting down, I
wish to say a word to the Senator from Missouri,
[Mr. Atchison.] He says that the civil and dip-
lomatic bill, and that the river and harbor bill
were passed by this body upon trust. I wish to
say to him, that 1 take no care for such measures,
for when a bill comes before us for the mere taking
of money out of the Treasury, it concerns me
very little; but when you come to encroach on the
great principles of Government, the foundation on
which the whole fabric of human liberty rests, 1
cannot see an attempt made to sap a single pillar
without raising my warning voice; and will tell
honorable Senators, in the words of the immortal
Jefferson, that "eternal vigilance is the price of
liberty." The allusion of my friend from Mis-
souri will scarcely hold good as to this bill. I
now withdraw my objection.
Mr. MANGUM. Is the question on the adop-
tion of all the amendments?
The PRESIDENT. Yes.
Mr. MANGUM, Then I hope the question
will be taken.
The question was taken on the concurrence by
the Senate in the amendments made to the bill by
the House of Representatives, and they were
agreed to.
PROMOTION OF USEFUL ARTS.
The bill from the House of Representatives, in
addition to an act to promote the progress of the
useful arts, was read a first and second time by
its title, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole. Having been amended, on motion of
Mr. Badger, the bill was reported to the Senate,
and the amendments were concurred in, and the
bill, with the amendments, was read a third time
and passed.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
A message from the House of Representatives
was received by Mr. Hates, its Chief Clerk, an-
nouncing that it insisted on its amendments dis-
agreed to by the Senate to the amendments of the
Senate to the bill " making appropriations for the
current and contingent expenses of the Indian De-
partment, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with
the various Indian tribes, for the year ending
June 30, 1853," agree to the conference asked by
the Senate on the disagreeing votes of the two
House, and have appointed Mr. George W,
Jones, Mr. James L. Conger, and Mr. Harry
Hibbard, the committee of conference on their
part.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HUNTER. I move to postpone all prior
orders for the purpose of taking up the Army bill.
It has been reported from the Committee on Fi-
nance with various amendments, and it is import-
ant that they should be acted on at once.
Mr. BELL. I think that I was entitled to the
floor, Mr. President, and I was about to propose
that the Senate should take up a bill that appeals
for support to the heart and sympathies of every
man. It will be an act of disinterested benevolence
which we have in our power to perform, and we
are now called upon to exercise that power. The
bill to which I refer is House bill No. 76, for the
relief of the insane; and I throw myself on the
indulgence of the Senate in asking them to take it
up at this moment. I desire to do so, because I
perceive that it is the only opportunity which will
be offered during the present session, and that if
it falls in arrear of the appropriation bills it will
be impossible to take it up. I appeal, then, to
honorable Senators that, if they are in favor of
this bill, and if they desire that it should be passed,
they will vote down the proposition to take up
any other measure until this has been considered.
The motion made by Mr. Hunter was agreed
to, and the bill entitled " An act making appro-
priations for the support of the Army for the year
ending the 30th of June, 1853," was considered as
in Committee of the WhoI«
Mr. HUNTER. I move the adoption of the
first amendment reported by the Committee on
Finance. It is to strike out the words within
brackets, and insert those in italics:
"For subsistence in kind, [six hundred and fifty thou-
sand,] one million and forty-seven thousand one hundred
and eighty-jive dollars."
This is according to a reformed estimate from
the Department. The first estimate was for
$1,118,000. In March, they found that owing to
some reforms which had been introduced, it could
be reduced to $1,047,185—to the amount which
we propose to insert. In the House of Repre-
sentatives it was reduced to $650,000 on two cal-
culations; one was—and, indeed, to some extent
it was correct—that there are not as many men in
actual service as the muster-roll shows; and again,
that the amount appropriated in the deficiency bill,
by way of advance for subsistence, was to be de-
ducted from the estimate. But it will be seen that
it has been always recommended as a standing
policy that they should have that sum in advance;
for by having more time to provide supplies, they
could lay them in more economically. The Com-
mittee on Finance, therefore, propose to restore
the reformed estimate, $1,047,185. It is less than
the expenditure of last year.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. The next amendment recom-
mended by the committee is the insertion of the
words
the wor
« For the regulai supplies of the Quartermaster's Depart-
ment, consisting of fuel, foiage in kind for the horses,
mules, and oxen of the Quartermaster's Department, at the
several military posts and stations and with the armies m
the field ; for the horses of the first and second regiment of
dragoons, the companies of light artillery, the regiment of
mounted nflemen, and such companies of infantry as may
be mounted, and also for the authorized number of officers'
horses when serving in the field and at the outposts ; of straw
for soldiers' bedding, and of stationery, including company
and other blank books for the Army, certificates for dis-
charged soldiers, blank forms for the pay and Quartermas-
ter's Department, and for the printing of division antf de-
partment orders, Army regulations and reports, one million
one hundred and sixty thousand dollars.J'
This was the expenditure of last year.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was, in
the following clause, to strike out the words
"two hundred and twenty-five," after the word
"mules,'* in the last line but one, and insert
** three hundred;" so that the clause will read:
" For the incidental expense of the Quartermaster's De-
partment, consisting of postage on letters and packets
" one hundred and sixty thousand" after
rd u million." The clause will then read:
