1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Before the result was announced by the Chair—.
Mr. MARSHALL, of California, demanded
the yeas and nays upon the motion.
Mr. STEPHENS. In order that this Mint bill
may be in a position that it can come up to-morrow
properly, I am willing to withdraw my motion to
go into Committee of the Whole, if the gentleman
from Alabama [Mr. Houston] will then move to
recommit it so that it will come up to-morrow.
The SPEAKER. The motion that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the "Whole, is withdrawn.
Mr. HOUSTON. I withdraw the demand for
the previous question, and move to recommit this
bill to the Committee on Ways and Means.
Mr. STEPHENS. Now I renew my motion,
that the rules be suspended, and that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole 011
the state of the Union.
Mr. ROBBINS. Will the gentleman from
Georgia [Mr. Stephens] withdraw his motion a
moment to allow me to introduce a resolution ?
[Cries "No!" "No!" "No!"]
Mr. STEPHENS. I cannot withdraw the mo-
tion.
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Stephens, and it was agreed to.
Mr. WILDRICK, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, here reported, as correctly enrolled, a
bill entitled "An act to change the name of the
steamboat Brilliant;" which thereupon received
the signature of the Speaker.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Richardson in the chair.)
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
The CHAIRMAN stated that the first question
under consideration was House bill No. 43, " ma-
' king appropriations for the current and contin-
' gent expenses of the Indian Department, and for
' fulfilling treaty stipulations with various Indian
' tribes for the current year ending June 30,1853,"
upon which the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Gentry] was entitled to the floor.
Mr. GENTRY then addressed the committee
at length, in favor of the Whig National Conven-
tion indorsing the finality of the compromise meas-
ures, and in opposition to the nomination of Gen-
eral Scott, &c.' [Mr. G.'s speech is published in
the Appendix.]
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, here obtained the
floor.
Mr. STANLY. Will the gentleman yield me
the floor for a few moments ?
Mr. CAMPBELL. Before I yield the floor to
the honorable gentleman from North Carolina,
jMr. Stanly,] I desire to propound, for my own
information, and for the information of theNorth-
ern Whig party, which has just now been so elo-
quently assailed by the honorable gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Gentry,] certain interrogatories,
as well as to certain other gentlemen of the Whig
party (as they claim) of the South.
This question of the finality of the compromise
has been dragged into every debate of this House
for the last six months, and I desire to understand
in what way they understand this question of final-
ity. And I first desire, with all due respect, to
put the question to the honorable gentleman from
North Carolina, [Mr. Outlaw,] who, but a few
days ago, laid down a platform of action for him-
self, similar to that which we have just heard from
the honorable gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Gentry.]
The admission of California, with a constitu-
tion prescribing her territorial limits, and exclud-
ing slavery therefrom, was one of the measures
reported by the compromise committee of thirteen,
and which was passed by that Congress. I de-
sire to inquire of that gentleman whether he, as a
North Carolina Whig, stands prepared to pledge
himself for the present, and for the future, to resist
every attempt which may be made by the people
of California to divide that State, so as to create a
slave State ?
Mr. OUTLAW. Does the gentleman desire
me to respond ?
Mr. CAMPBELL. Yes; and every other gen-
tleman I chall name.
Mr. OUTLAW. In response to the inquiry
of the honorable gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Campbell,] I have to say that California, by the
act to which he has alluded, is admitted a sover-
eign State into this Union, and that she has the
same right and the same powers as any other
State in this Union—that, in my opinion, when-
ever her people shall call upon the Congress of
the United States to divide her territory, and they
shall deem it for the interest of the country that
it shall be divide'd, it may be done without any
infringement of the compromise measures.
Mr. CAMPBELL. That answers the question.
I now desire to propound the same question to
the honorable gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Gentry,] who has just taken his seat—whether
he stands prepared, as a Tennessee Whig, to re-
sist, in Congress or out of Congress, every effort
which may be made by any portion of the people
of California to divide that State to create a slave
State ?
Mr. GENTRY. I will remark to the gentle-
man in reply, that I stand with respect to Califor-
nia precisely as I do with respect to Virginia.
The principles upon which a State may be divided
are prescribed in the Constitution, and every State
that wants slavery has a right to have it. Ohio
lias a right to have it now, if she wants it, and can
establish it to-morrow, if she chooses.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I understand the gentle-
man from North Carolina [Mr. Outlaw] to take
the same position, viz: that they will not oppose
the erection of a slave State^ut of a part of the
territory now included by the constitution of Cal-
ifornia; and I wili assert, in general terms, m re-
lation to every one of those Southern Whigs who
abandoned the Whig caucus, that that is precisely
their position upon this question of finality. If 1
am incorrect, they may now so state.
Mr. TOOMBS. No doubt of it. It ought to
be.
Mr. CAMPBELL. They assert that it is a
part of the compromise.
Mr. GENTRY. The compromise cannot re-
peal the Constitution.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Here is the condition of
things, and I want it to go forth to the people of
this country—ay, to this great national party
which is about to assemble at Baltimore—that
while these gentlemen invoke to their aid the veto
power of the Executive of this land, to prevent
the people from exercising their constitutional
right to legislate upon the law with regard to the
reclamation of fugitive slaves, they claim the right
to divide that free State, which was admitted as
such, as a part of this compromise. It is to be a
finality so far as the claims of the Southern gentle-
men are concerned, but not a finality in regard to
the admission of California as a free State. That
is the position; and, Mr. Chairman, because, for-
sooth, the Whigs of the North come here for the
purpose of discharging the duties they owe to then-
constituents, and entering into the ordinary legis-
lation of the country, because they do not desire
to assert the finality "of the fugitive slave law, gen-
tlemen denounce them as recreant to their consti-
tutional obligations.
Sir, the honorable gentleman from Tennessee
[Mr. Gentry] knows full well that Northern
Whigs, as well as Southern Whigs, are sworn
before their Maker before they take their seats
here, to support that instrument. He knows as
well as any man in all the land, that there is not a
single Northern Whig in this Hall, or who is
summoned to attend this National Convention,
who is not ready and willing to carry out every
constitutional obligation. Yet gentlemen tell us
that they will not oppose a breach of the compro-
mise when they can create a slave State out of a
part of it. They are not prepared to say that the
people may not do it by their consent. But 1
promised to yield to the gentleman from North
Carolina, [Mr. Stanly,] and I do so now for the
purpose of explanation, giving to him, under the
circumstances connected with the attark of the
honorable gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Gen-
try] upon him, as much of my time as he may
desire, notifying the House, that should I see
proper to do so, I will write out and print the
speech upon this very subject, which I designed
to make.
Mr. OUTLAW. If the gentleman will allow
me, I wish to say, in addition to what 1 before
said, that I would vote for the division of California
without any regard to the question of slavery or
no slavery. I would be governed in my vote upon
that subject by what I believed to be the interest
and the convenience of the people of California,
precisely as I would in the case of any other State
in this Union.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Suppose a portion of the
people of California should present a constitution
of a State, carved out of California, with the in-
stitution of slavery recognized in it, would you
vote for its admission?
Mr. OUTLAW. I say that the compromise
itself would require this House to admit her, with
or without slavery, as the people might determine
for themselves. That is one of the principles of
the compromise.
Mr. STANLY then replied to the remarks of
Mr. Gentry. He expressed himself against plat-
forms, and declared that he had no fear of the
slavery agitation continuing; for he believed it was
growing less every day. He referred to the course
of Mr. Gentry at the Whig Convention of 1848,
when that gentleman opposed the adoption of a
platform as out of order, contending that th# con-
vention had merely assembled for the purpose of
nominating candidates for the Presinency and Vice
Presidency. [Mr. S.'s speech is published m the
Appendix.]
Mr. TOWNSHEND next obtained the floor,
but yielded it to
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York, who moved
thatthe committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accord ingly rose, and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the chairman (Mr.
Richardson) reported that the Committee of the
Whole 011 the state of the Union had had under
consideration the state of the Union generally,
and particularly House bill No. 43, " making ap-
propriations for the current and contingent ex-
' penses of the Indian Department, and for fulfill-
' ing treaty stipulations with various Indian tribes
' for the year ending June 30, 1853," and had
come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. ROBBINS. I have a resolution which I
desire to offer.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to inquire
of the Chair if, when the House went into the Com-
mittee of the Wholeon the state of the Union, the
California Mint bill, reported by the chairman of
the Committee on Ways and Means was not before
the House; and if when we come back into the
House, the question does not recur upon that
bill?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is under the im-
pression that that business is before the House'.
jVb'. ROBBINS. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to offer the following resolution;
Resolved, That when This House adjourns on Wednesday
ne.\t, it adjourn to meet again on Saturday.
[Cries of "Object!"]
Mr. CLEVELAND. I move to amend that
resolution so as to provide that when the House
adjourns to-morrow, it adjourn to meet on Thurs-
day next.
Mr. JONES. I ask how that resolution can bo
offered, when there is a bill pending before the
House ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman asks the
unanimous consent to submit it.
Mr. JONES. I object.
The SPEAKER., it is competent for the gen-
tleman to move to suspend the rules, it being
Monday.
Mr. JONES. But there is a bill before the
House, which the Chair has decided is before the
House, and no motion can be entertained to sus-
pend the rules until that is disposed of.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opinion
that the motion is in order.
[A message was here received from the Senate
by the hands of Asbury Dickixs, Esq., its Secre-
tary, asking for the return to that body of Senate
bill No, 450, to amend sn act entitled " An act to
promote the progress of useful arts, and to repeal
all acts and parts of acts heretofore made for that
purpose," approved July 4,1836; and also "An
act to provide additional examiners in the Patent
Office, and for other purposes," approved May
27, 1848.]
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask, before we proceed
further, that the House will give leave to return
ihe Senate bill which has been requested by that
body.
The order was accordingly made. ■
The question'was then taken, and the ru.es
were not suspended, only 56 voting in the affirm-
ative.
