1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2429
received arid sent by officers of the Army on public service,
expenses of courts-martial and couits of inquiry, including
the additional compensation to judges advocate, recorders,
members, and witnesses while on that service, under the
Ret of March 16, 1802; extra pay to soldiers employed under
the direction of the Quartermasters Depaitment in the
ejection of barracks, quarters, store-houses, and hospitals;
the construction of road* and other constant labor, for
periods of not less than ten days, under the act of March 2.
1819; expenses of expresses to and from the frontier posts
and armies in the field; of escorts to paymasters, other dis-
bursing officer?, and trains, when military escorts cannot be
furnished; expenses of the interment of non-commis<ioned
officers and soldiers; authorized office furniture; hire of
laborers in the Quartermaster's Department, including hire
of interpreters; spies and guides for the Army; compensa-
tion of clerks to officers ofthe Quartermaster's Department;
compensation of forage and wagon masters, authorized by |
the act of July, 1838 ; for the apprehension of deserteis, and >
the expenses incident to their pursuit; the various expenses |
required for the first and second regiments of dragoons, the j
companies of light artillery, the reirnnent of mounted nfie- |
men, and such companies of infantry as mav be mounted, j
including the purchase of traveling forges, blacksmiths' and !
shoeing tools, hoise and mule shoes, iron, hire of veterinary j
surgeons, and medicines for hoises and mules, $-300,000."
Mr. HUNTER. The estimate furnished by
the Secretary of War was cut down in the House j
of Representatives without any good reason, and
the Committee ori Finance have merely recom- ;
mended a restoration to the amount of the esti-
mate.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
insert the following:
4C For fuel and quarters for officers of the Army servingon
the Coast Survey, the pavment of which is no longer made
by the Quartermaster's Department, $4,500."
Mr. HUNTER. There has been a question
raised as to the manner of defraying this expense, ^
as these officers are now engaged on the Coast
Survey. The committee have thought it most
advisable to insert an appropriation for the amount
in this bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. The next amendment of the
Committee on Finance is to strike out the word
"five" after the word " million," in the last line
of the following clause, and insert the word
"eight." It will then read:
" For transportation of the Army, including the baggage
ofthe troops when moving either by land or water; of
clothing, camp and garrison equipage, and horse equip-
ments, from the depot at Philadelphia to the several posts !
and army depots: of subsistence, from the places of pur-
chase, and lrom the places of delivery, under contiact, to
such places as the circumstances of the service may require
it to be sent; of ordnance, ordnance stores, and small arms,
from the foundries and armories to the arsenals, fortifica-
tions, frontier posts, and army depGfs; freights, tolls, and
ferriages; for the purchase and hire of horses, mules,
oxen, wagons, carts, drays, ships and other sea-going ves-
sels and boats, for the transportation of supplies and for
gaui?on purposes; for drayage and cartage at the several
posts; hue of teamsters, t) asportation of funds for the !
pay and other disbursing departments ; the expense of sail- j
mg public transports on the \ auous uveis, the Gulf of Mex- j
jco, and the Atlantic and Pacihc; and tor procuring watei j
at such posts as, from theii situation, lequire that it be
brought fiom a distance, $1,800,000."
This is a restoration to the amount namerl in
the estimates of the Secretary of War. It will be
perceived that the Committee on Finance differed
with the Committee of Ways and Means of the
House of Representatives, solely in regard to the
estimates for the Quartermaster's Department.
These estimates were less than the expenditure of
the preceding year, and we did not choose to con-
cur in the reductions made by the House of Rep-
resentatives, and give occasion for a deficiency ;
bill; which we believed would have to be intro-
duced if we reduced the appropriation not merely
below the expenditures of last year, but below
the estimates.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. A similar amendment occurs
in the following clause: The Committee 011 Fi- 1
nance recommend that "sixty-five" be stricken
out of the last line but one, and "ninety-five" in-
serted. It will then read:
" Fur ordnance stores and supplies, as follows : for pro-
curementol side arms and accoutrements of artillery, in-
fantry, cavalry and riflemen, materials for and preparation
of sie^e and field ammunition, vvas;es of mechanics < n-
gafed^m making carriages, implements, equipments, har-
ness, &c., and for purchase of miscellaneous supplies of
Oldnaaee stores forissue to the Army, §95,000."
The committee have acted on the same grounds
in this, as in the preceding case. They saw no
good reason for refusing the sum of |95,000 for
the purchase of ordnance stores and supplies; but
they apprehended that if the estimate be cut down
below that amount, there would be another defi-
ciency bill sent in.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
add to the second section the following:
'• But nothing herein contained shall be so construed as to
prevent the President fiom authorizing appropiunions for
the subsistence of the Army, foi forage, foi the medical and
hospital departments, and for the Quartermaster's Depart-
ment, to be applied to any other of the above-mentioned
branches of expenditure in the same department, and ap-
propriations made for a specific object for one fiscal year,
shall not be transferred to any other object after the expira-
tion of that year."
The section will then read:
" Sec. 2. Jlndbeit further enacted, That all acts or parts
of acts authorising the Pioideiit of the United States, or the
Secretary ofthe proper Department, under his direction, to
transfer any pint ion ofthe moneys appiopriated for a partie-
ulai branch ot expenditure in that Depaitment to be applied
to another branch of expenditure in the same Department,
be, and are hereby, so tar as relates to the Depaitment of
War, repealed; and no poi lion of the moneys appropi lated
by this act shall be applied to ihe payment of any expenses
incurred prior to the first day of July, 18.r)9. lint nothing
herein contained shall be so construed as to prevent the
President from authorizing appropriations for the subsist-
ance ofthe Aimy, for foi age, tor the medical and hospital
depaitmeuts and tor the Quartermaster's Department, to be
applied to any other of the above-mentioned brandies of
expenditure in the same department, and appropriations
made for a specific object tor one fiscal yeai, shall not he
transferred to any other object after the expiration of that
year."
Mr. HUNTER. It will be observed that this
clause, as it came from the House of Represent-
atives, took away the power of transfer entirely.
It also provided that no portion of the moneys
appropriated for this year, should be applied to
the payment of any of the expenses incurred
during previous years. On consultation with the
Secretary of War, it was found that he had no
objection to that portion of the bill which provides
that the appropriations for the fiscal year shall he
confined to the expenditure of the year. But the
Committee of Ways and Means thought that the
power of transfer had been carried too far, and
proposed to sweep it away entirely. The proposi-
tion of the Committee on Finance is that it shall
be put on the footing of the law of 1820, cutting
off the powers of transfer granted under the actof
1842; under which, in my opinion, all the difficul-
ties have had their origin.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on Fi-
nance was to insert in the third section the words
printed in italics, so as to make the section read
as follows:
"Sec. 3. Jlndbeit further enacted. That **0 much of the
act making appropriations for the support of the Army loi
the year ending the 30th of Jun<>, 1 B." I, approved the v>8th
of September, 18T>0, as provides extra pay to the com-
missioned officers and enlisted men of the United States
serving in Oiegon and California, be, and the same is h< n-by,
continued m foiee for one year from the l-"t day ot March,
1852, and that the provision of the la t-mentioned aet be,
and is hereby, extended to New Mexico during the curient
year, provided lor bv this section, and that .5'3<)0,0()0 be, and
is herebv, appropuated for that purpose: Provided, That
one half of the additional fay herein allowed to en listed
men shall >>c retained uahi that are honorably disbursed :
Provided further, That said officers and men shall rcccive
only one half ol the increased amount over the legular pay
allowed by law."
Mr. HUNTER. The Committee on Finance
propose this amendment in pursuance of a recom-
mendation from the Secretary War. It will be
perceived that the section grants additional pay to
the men in California and New Mexico; and the
Secretary states that the detention of half the ad-
ditional pay until the men are discharged will tend
to prevent desertions.
Mr. SHIELDS. The amendment is, in my
opinion, a very correct one; but I find that the
section is very different from the one with which
the Department furnished me. The estimate is
far less than the amount actually requisite.
Mr. HUNTER. I will state, for the informa-
tion of the Senator from Illinois, that it seems
there has been a correspondence between the
Committee of Ways and Means and the Secretary
of War. He made an estimate of what the total
amount would be, if the previous allowance was
given, but he thought it might be cut down; but
did not say how much it might be reduced. The
Committee of Ways and Means cut it down one
half; and as we had 110 rule to go by, and had
increased, in some instances, the amounts they
1 recommended, we thought it would be better to
adhere to their determination in this case.
Mr. SHIELDS. I know what the previous
allowances were. The amendment which I have
prepared, will decrease them; but it is perfectly
satisfactory to the Department, because the same
exigency does not exist now, at least not to the
same exient, for an increase of pay, as did some
time since.
Mr. HUNTER. I would suggest to the Sena-
tor from Illinois that if he has any amendments to
offer, he had better wait until those recommended
by the Committee on Finance are passed. We
have but one more besides that now under con-
sideration.
The question was taken on the amendment, and
it was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on Fi-
nance was to add the following additional section:
(C Sfc. 4. Jlnd be it further enacted, That all the unex-
pended balances lemaiinng of sums appropuated for fortifi-
cations, and now liable to reveitto the suplus fund, are
hereby appropriated."
Mr. HUNTER. It will be remembered that
in the civil and diplomatic bill, a clause in rela-
tion to the surplus fund was inserted providing
that after two years appropriations shall be car-
ried to the surplus fund. I have been mfoimed
by Colonel Totten that it is necessary to insert
this clause here for the purpose of enabling the
Department to make use of some unexpended bal-
ances for the purpose of keeping the fortifications
in repair. My information leads me to believe
that considerable inconvenience would be caused
by its omission, if the clause in the civil and diplo-
matic bill to which I have referred becomes law.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. The Committee on Finance
are through with their amendments.
Mr. RUSK. I have an amendment which I
wish to come in after line one hundred and forty-
three, pa^e seven:
For completing the survey ofthe route fiom thr vallev of
the Mississippi to the Pacific oci-an, in addition to the bal-
ance unexpended under the act of the 3d Maidi, 1849,
$34,DUG.
There was formerly an appropriation for this
survey, and it was partially completed; the bal-
ance of $20,000 now remains, anil I am desirous
of having this further sum appropriated for the
purpose of completing this impoitant woik.
The PRESIDENT. Is the amendment in ac-
cordance with the estimates?
Mr. RUSK. Tt is.
Mr. HUNTER. Is the estimate in pursuance
of law ?
Mr. RUSK. It is to carry out a law passed in
1849.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHIELDS. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs to offer several amend-
ments. I will hand them in seriatim. The first
is to strike out the third section as it stands, and
insert in lieu of it:
Skc. 3. J3nf? be it, further enucfcd, That for extra pay to
the commissioned offieeis of the Aimy ot the United States
serving at posts woM ofthe States of Mi^souu and Arkan-
sas, and m the eighth, ninth, tenth, and eleventh military
department*, the sum of $3*26,66o, on the following basis,
to wit: thcie shall be allowed to ail commissioned officers
$•1 50 per day, m addition to their present pay and allow-
ance. And to ihe non-commissioned officer? and soldiers
ofthe Army of the United States serving at the posts above-
mentioned. $731,892, on the following basis, to wit: there
shall he allowed to each non-eonimis«.ioned ofticej and
soldier, serving as aforesaid, in addition to pre^Mit pay and
allowance, a per diem equal to the pav proper of each a*
established bv law; one half of *aid extra pay to be retained
until he shall have been honorably disehniged.
I will state that the effect of that amendment
will be to reduce the allowance from £2 per day to
$1 50 to each commissioned officer, and that it
embraces the department of Texas.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. I would suggest to the Sen-
ator from Illinois that he has, possibly, gone be-
yond the recommendation of the Secretary of War
m that amendment. Does it embrace California,
Oregon, and Mexico?
Mr. RUSK. And Texas?
Mr. SHIELDS. Yes.
Mr. HUNTER. Does it also include Fort
Leavenworth ?
Mr. SHIELDS. No. It was prepared by the
"War Department. I have only diminished the
amount without changing the plan. The next
amendment I have to offer from the Committee
on Military Affairs is the following:
" That paymasters' clerks shall be entitled to receive one
