1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
2431
vice for us than any mode of conveyance that we
have yet adopted. All that we want is to make
the experiment. There was a time when we had
iio horses in this country; and camels are known
at this moment to be the cheapest mode of convey-
ance in the East. I hope the amendment will be
adopted.
Mr, WELLER. If this great good is to result
from the use of camels, perhaps the country would
be glad to know who it is that confers it upon
them, and I theiefore call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being:
taken, resulted—yeas 26, nays 16; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Boll, Borland, Charlton,
Clemens, Dawson, De San-sure, Dodqe of Wisconsin,
Douglas, Fi-h, Foot. Gevei, Hale, Hamhn, Ma-*on, Men-
wether, Pearce, Jtu<?k, Shield*, Smith, fc>oul<5, Spru.tnce,
Stockton, Touchy, Unriei wood, and Wade—•}(>. :
NAYS—Bradhuty, llrisht, Brodbead, Brooke, :
ButJei, ("as-, Downs Felch. Ilout-ton, Hunter, Knu:,
Millei, Noun, 1'ratf, Walker,and VVellei—3d !
So tlie amendment was agreed to. j
Mr. SHIELDS. 1 have several amendments [
now to offer from the Committee on Military I
Affairs, ali of the same class, and I suppose they :
might as well nil be put together. ' |
'• Sfc. —. slnd be it further cnartt.iL That in the adjust- j
ment act< of the ^tate ot Maine, uude'i the act of the Uth :
June, 184-2, tho proper accounting office^ oi lheTieasm\ !
he and they arc herchv diiccted to include and allow all |
claims which have been heietofore presented undei said j
act: Prowled, It shall he satHfaetoiily rdiown tliat said i
claims have been notuallv allowed and paid hj ?nid Stale, i
u See. —. vlnd be it jurthcr enacted, That the Seeietaiy '
of War allow and pav to the State of Viitnnia all sums that i
may have been advanced by that State to the officer- and 1
men of her regiment of volunteers engaged tot-eive foi and 1
during ihewai then eustnnj between "the United States !
and Mexico, for pa\ for thcirsen ice-j irotn the day of their 1
enrollment until they woe mil-tried into the Mrrviceof the
United States: Prortdetl, The ,-anie ha> not been paid here- '
toloie hy the United States to any o( the ollicei  or men lot-
said semee.
Sioe — .-.'no !>c it fuit/ic, enacted^ That the Seeietaiy of
War be and lu' is herebj' aulhoiized and requited to pay to i
the State o( South Carolina, out oi any mortej in the Treas-
ury not othenvir-e appropimted, Mich Minis of money as ,
weic paid hv •'aid t^fate in 1K>8, 1KW, and Js-ifl, for service-,
lo-t-es, and damages Mi-'tained hv her volunteers in the
Florida war of 1&^>, l&3i, and i8J8, while in the service of
the United State-, and on their ictui n liom said wi viee, a>
were ascertained a ul allowed bv a board of commc—ioner-.
appointed (or that purpose h\ an act of the Legndature of
-aid State in ].°.'}7. Piondt'ii, hotrcrcr* That no nitcie-t
shall be allowed upon the moneys p'iid to the State of 1
South CaioJnia under the provisions of tin-- act.
uSii(\ —. ,'i?"/ he ;f fiafhn cvartcd, That in the -ettle- 1
nient of tho ol.unw of the State of <J< oitria, under the pio- ,
visions of the mt of thellth Amju.-l, IbW, piovidnut toi
the setllemeM oi the claims of Ueorgia, for the service of ■
hei rnihtia, which have ireieiofore been suspended or dis- ■
allowed, the amounting officers of the Tiea-any Depart- 1
ment allow and pay, upon pioof that tho State has allowed I
and paid the same, all accounts for forage.subswence, hos- ,
pital 8=1010=5, medical ;-.ervice= , arid ti<in>poitation, whnli I
have not been heretofore allowed hy the United States,
and that for the pay of mounted infantrv. the pay of cavalry |
be allowed, The same to he paid out ol the fund nppropri- '
ated hy the act o! the i 1th ol Angu-t, 18412 M
The amendments were agreed to.
Mr. BO POLAND. I am insti uc.ied by the Com-
mittee on Military A flairs to offer the following 1
amendment:
<* To refund to the State of Noith Caioliua the amount
of money advanced and transportation 1 m m-hed lo the vol-
unteers fiom that State, dining the late war with Mexico,
the bum of 53, with interest at the rate ot >ix pci 1
centum pei annum fmtn the 1st da} of Match, in the jear :
1847, until paid.
Mr. CLEMENS. I move to amend theamend- 1
ment by striking out the words " with interest at
the rate (if six per centum per annum from the
first day of March, in the year 1847, until paid."
All the bills for this purpose which have been re-
ported by the Committee on Military A (Fairs have
been without interest. I do not understand that
we agreed upon the payment of interest in this ,
case. Certainly it has been stricken out of the
others; and I think all ought to be put on the same
footing.
Mr." BADGER. I ihmk my friend is mis-
taken.
Mr. CLEMENS. I think I am not mistaken
about the action of the committee in never recom-
mending" the payment of interest.
Mr. BADGE'JR. I think that interest has been
allowed m some cases, if not m all cases, for poy
and equipment of troops engaged in the prosecu-
tion of the war with Mexico.
Mr. CLEMENS. I think we struck out inter-
est in every case. I wish to state that if interest
is to be reteined in this case, it is not reported by
the committee, and the amendment is out of order.
We have never agreed to report any bill allowing
interest. It was a mistake, I understand, in the
printed bill from which this amendment is taken,
by which interest is allowed; and when we agreed
to report the other bills, we struck out the interest.
I reported the South Carolina bill, and I know
there was an express provision inserted that in-
terest should not be allowed.
Mr. BORLAND. After the remarks of the
Senator from Alabama, an explanation is due to
myself. The bill for the payment of these ex-
penses incurred by iVorth Carolina passed the Sen-
ate two yeais aj^o, allowing interest. 1 heard no
objection to it then, but it tailed in the House for
want of time, or some other cause. At this ses-
sion, the putpo.se was either to have a new bill, or
have the old bill incorporated as an amendment
upon this Lull. My understanding was that we
were to report the bill exactly as it iiad been passed
before.
Mr. DAWSON. The principle we have adopted
is this: If the State has paid out interest on the
money bhe advanced, then we refund her the
inteiest; and in all bills passed authonzin^ an ap-
propriation of that kind, the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs have made thatrecommendation; but
otherwise, their action is as the Senator from Al-
abama says.
Mr. SHIELDS. As a general principle we
hfue refused to allow interest. 1 do not know
how it may he in this particular case.
The amendment of Mr. Ci.i.mknts to the amend-
ment was pureed to, and (he amendment as amended
was agreed to.
Mr. BORLAND. 1 am also instructed by the
Committee on A'Jihtary Affairs to offer an amend-
ment, which is to add:
Foi returning fo the State of Michigan the amount ad
vaneocl h\ >a.'d Stale m oiyanmnjr, ;-ub-i^uu<r, and trnns-
poitma; volnntecis pievjoiN to Their beina mu-teied into the
-ervico of tin' f'inred St. Ue--, dtuim; the bite wai with Me\-
leo, > J(J,UOi;, winch -aid sum, oi so inm-h thei col n-> ma> be !
nece—ajy to pa\ ami cancel the claim ot -aid State, a-, pre- ;
m nted and mm on tile in the olhce oi the Thud Andiiot oi !
the Tiva-anv Dcpnrlmenr. shall he paid hv the Sceietaiv of '
the 'IV'asuiv to tiie (Joveinor oi othei ptopet ollicer ot the J
Slate ol Michigan. !
The amendment was a.^ieed to. I
Mr. M ALLORY. 1 move to amend the bill j
by adding:
Sue.—. .'.Mr/ be if fmthrr led, That the piopei ac-
eountmir otli'ei-ol the 'rtea-nr\ he, and ihiv ate hereb) , ,
authnii/.'d and dnected. in adiu-iin'? and |>a\uu( the ae- 1
coiilit-- oi the State ot I'loi ida. lot tlie M'tvice-o! hei Hoop-,
under tne act of Fchmai \ ;27, lojl, to pay to said State ali
«am< ol money actually paid, <">! assumed to be paid, by ;
that State., ott acconntof tiie s-uppi(^«.ion of Indian Jiostd-
itie^, in relal.on to which ^aid act was passed: Provided^ \
The .>aid nayincnt -ludl not exceed the amount specified in 1
i-aid act.
Congress, m 185J, appropriated ^75,000 to the j
Stafe of Florida, for the payment of debts men^ml;
in the suppression of Indian hostilities m 1849.
Jn accounting at the Treasury, the accounting !
officers allowed less money to these troops "than |
Florida actually paid out. The balance of the i
appropriation of "v5,000 accordingly remains in
the Ti easui y. The mounted men in the Florida
volunteers have been paid less than the mounted
men in the Army of the United States, by a rule
of the accounting oincers. This amendment has
been drawn under the supervision of the Audnor- j
and he says rhaf K is aU that is necessary to |
enable linn to puss the account. The money is
already in the Treasury, having been appropri- 1
ated; but, under thnr rul^s, it cannot be paid over. 1
Mr. CLEMENS. IIas (his case ever been
acted upon by any committee:
Mr. MALLOUY. K was relerred to the Com- ,
mittec on I\1!titnry Affairs.
Mr. CLEMENS. And 1 think we rejected it. ,
Mr. MALLORY. Not that i know of. It
was handed back to me by one of the members
of the Military Committee, who suggested that 1
should offer ii when similar amendment^ were
offered to this bill.
Mr. DAWSON. This was referred, together
with similar claims, to the Committee on Mihtaiy
Allans. The difleieuce is between the pay of;
mounted infantry and cavalry. We adopted the
principle that we would pyy them as cavalry.
Tins case was one that came into my hands as a
member of the M tlifnry Committee, and 1 returned
it to the Senator from Florida, suggesting; to him
to offer it as an amendment to this bill. It is in
precise conformity with the Georgia and South |
Carolina cases which have already been incorpo- ;
rated in the bill.
Mr. CLEMENS. Does this provide for any-
thing but the difference between the pay of mount-
ed infantry and cavalry?
Mr. DAWSON. That is all.
Mr. .BRADBURY. In order to make the
amendment conform to bills which have been
passed on this subject heretofore, it will be neces-
sary to change its phraseology. This amendment
provides not only for the payment of money ac-
tually paid by Florida, but of money " assumed
to be paid" by that State. Perhaps it is a verbal
mistake.
Mr. MALLORY. It does not exceed the
amount aheady appropriated She has not been
paid all that she expended, and this amendment is
to enable the accounting officers to pay the State
the amount she actually expended.
Mr. URADRURY. I move to strike outof the
amendment the words " or assumed to be paid;"
and for this reason; When a State pays out money,
you have the best assurance that she pays no more
than is regarded to be a fair equivalent; but some-
times, by forms of legislation, a claim may he as-
sumed which a State would never pay. I do not
know that it is so m this case, but we may estab-
lish a bod precedent. I thmk that in all cases we
should withhold payment until the State actually
pays, for if we bo^in to adopt fl principle that we
will pay that portion which the States are simply
assumed to have paid, you will have regiments
got up as FalstafFs was, the accounts passed, and
the amount assumed, and then they will come to
Congress for payment. Indeed, the usual phrase-
ology of such bills ought to be very strictly exam-
ined, because we know that there are cases where
the muster-rolls have been made out, and we have
paid for fifteen hundred men for fifteen months,
when there were never three hundred together for
three weeks.
Mr. .BORLAND. Where was that5
Mr. BRADBURY. No matter. The fact is
so.
Mr. SHIELDS. The Senator from Maine is
right. This amendment does not comply with
the iulo the Military Committee have adopted,
from which we never depart.
Mr. i\l ALLORY. I will say a word to my
honorable friend from Maine, which 1 think will
show linn that his apprehension is entirely un-
called foi. Congress has appropriated £75,000 in
lull liquidation of these debts paid, or assumed to
be paid, by the State of Florida.
Mr. SHIELDS. J have not yet got through
with the amendments from the Committee on
Military Affairs, and I would ask the Senator to
withdraw this amendment, and then he and I can
confer about it and put it m such a shape as will
m?ike it acceptable.
Mr. MALLORY. Certainly. I withdraw my
amendment.
Mr. SHIELDS. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs to offer the following
amendment:
Si c. -.ladle it fuilhr, enacted, That the accounting
oihcei-* of tho United rhato Tieavuiy arc hereby directed
to asceitnm the amount justly due to Heiny L Kinney lor
Mibsif-tence, medium*, foiaire, &c., furnished by hitn to the
company oi Te\a« mounted volunteer-?, commanded hy
('aptani Charles ."M Uhiekweil, from Si ptember ]0, 1P49, to
Decern bei 10, 18-19, and pav hint the same out of the sum ot
.V/2.OU0 aheady appropriated for such purpose by virtue ot
the f-woml -euion of the act entitled 'L An ai t making ap-
pronnatio!i« for the eunent and eonfmsent pvpen-;e- of the
Indian Depaitment, and toi fulfdliii!? treaty stipulation-,
with varum- Indian tribe?, (oi the \eai ending June HP,
1^'d ap|>rov< u Septcinbei 30?]B".0* 2>roridcr)* That the
suae -hall not <>\cecd the -uin of.>0,l M
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHIELDS. I have an amendment which
T now offer that may not be strictly in order, but
it is recommended by the Committee on Military
Affairs, and has passed tins body frequently. 1
hope there will be no objection to it. U is to add
as an additional section:
Jindbc d further enacted, That the accounts of Adjutant
Otnoral Jtoeer Jones shall be settled hy the accounting of-
ticei^ (d the Trea.-urv according to equity and pmicc, and
in such manner as to allow him the pay and emolument:- of
In-, eoirimi-uoii of Adjutant Genetal tiom th° tune of the
reduction of the Army m 1^*}1, to Match 7th, 1P^5, when lie
w\i< restored to his n>nk and comnu simi in the stalf of the
Aitny : JPiomlcd. That ihe pay and emoluments of a cap-
tain of andiciy during the same peuod he deducted there
from.
Mr. BRIGHT. 1 <ln not wish to override the
rule. I have voted for this measure as a separate
bill on three or four different occasions, and I am
very glad it has passed this body, and I am sorry
