1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1567
to Canada, I do not wish to force upon them the
extension of the privilege to Europe, or any other
place. I do not think it good policy to do it. I
am willing to take this bill as it stands, and those
at the Worth who have applied to me on the sub-
ject are willing to take it as it stands. One argu-
ment in response to my friend from Delaware,
[Mr. Bayard,] and I believe I shall take my seat,
and leave the bill to those who are more interested
in it than I am to defend it.
That Senator has asked, "Why pass the bill ?
and he says there would be objections to it, even
where those are secured from the penalty who un-
knowingly violate it. It is necessary, it seems to
me, for this reason: suppose an insolvent man
comes over from Canada with a great many of
these wares, and sells them to people living upon
the line, and then departs, how do you reach
' him? Suppose an insolvent man, living even in
our own country, brings all these articles from
Canada, how do you reach him? He does not
care about a legal process. If you protect his per-
son, he does not care for the amount of judgment
that you render against him. We have found that
out in those countries where imprisonment for
debt has been very properly, as I think, abolished.
The only.way, in cases of that sort, that you can
do any good to our own patentees will be to reach
those who may be solvent, and who knowingly
violate the law. These things will be carried on
by agents, and you mast provide penalties beyond
this bill if you wish to produce any effect in be-
half of the patentee. You must provide a penalty
by which you will operate upon the body of the
fraudulent agent, who is carrying on this business
between Canada and the United States, in viola-
tion of the rights of our patentees. If you take
the bill back, and provide an entire new system
for the purpose of reaching the agent in his per-
son, perhaps you may do some good in that way.
But, so far you have only gone upon the pecuni-
ary penalty, and you accomplish nothing to break
up the business to which I refer.
Mr. President, I have great respect for those
men that employ year after year in the discovery
of some useful invention, by which the " prog-
ress "—I would say to my friend from Michigan,
[Mr. Cass]—of society aiid man is advanced. I
am a thorough believer in that kind of progress;
and I am for sustaining and protecting those indi-
viduals who devote their lives to studies of that
kind, and who have benefited mankind by their
exertions. The Arkwrights, the Stevensons, and
the Whitneys—the men who have given us the
cotton-picking machine, and the cotton-spinning
machine, and other inventions—those who have
given us the railroad and the steamboat—-the Ful-
tons and the Fitches, have done more for the prog-
ress of society than all our politicians, at least I
am inclined to think so. I am for protecting such
progressives as these in the enjoyment of their
useful inventions; and I think that, when the in-
ventions are depredated upon by persons just
across the line, there is no great harm in reaching
those who knowingly and willfully violate these
rights. Iam willing to go that far for them. This
bill goes no further; and. I do not think we ought
to delay it according to the suggestion of my
friend from Arkansas, [Mr. Borland,] to extend
it to England, and the rest of the world. If the
Northern people are willing to take it as it stands,
let them have it so, and wait until some evil grows
out of our intercourse with Europe.
Mr. BAYARD. I certainly have as little dis-
position as the honorable Senator from Kentucky
to prevent a proper extension to the patentees of
protection "against fraudulent invasions of their
rights. I have not looked at this bill, I concede,
in reference to the interests of my particular con-
stituents, but generally, as affecting the whole
Union. There are no particular rights that they
would have invaded, or no particular advantages
to be derived from an invasion or evasion of the
rights of the patentees. My objection to the bill
is, that by introducing the word " use," you alter
the entire principle of the patent laws, as they
have heretofore existed in this country, and as
they have existed in England. You put it into
the power of the patentee to raise the question of
the validity of his patent, by a litigation between
him and the mere consumer of the individual arti-
cle. The particular advantage to be gained here,
in reference to this case, relates to a single patent;
or, if you please, to a variety of patents, for
wooden articles. I am not willing to pass a gen-
eral law altering the general principles of the patent
laws, for the purpose of protecting an individual
case, if I think the principle wrong.
The Government undertakes, by a pitent, to
secure to the party receiving it, as far as it can,
without trenching upon the rights of the commu-
nity, protection, as a reward for the discovery or
invention which he has made. Put the case—for
there are cases of that kind—in which you cannot
give protection,beyond a limited extent; in other
words, where every species of protection which
you can give must still be liable to evasion, unless
you trample upon principles which you are un-
willing to trample upon, even for the benefit of
thepatentee. Take the case of the author. Sup-
pose his production to be pirated. If he came for-
ward and told you, as you are here told, " Your
patent laws do not enable me to reach the infrin-
gers in consequence of the insolvency of an agent
of a publication in the hands of a pirating party;
and I want you to give me authority to go into
the house of every man in the community, and if
. he have in his possession my book, knowing that
it is copyrighted, that I may have a right to file a
bill in chancery, and force him to contest my copy-
right," would you be willing to pass such a law ?
Such a bill would not be entertained for a mo-
ment; and that is my objection to this bill.
As regards the evil to be remedied, I hold that
if you strike out the word " use," there is a per-
fect remedy under the law, as it would then stand,
against the fraudulent and irresponsible agents, as
they are called. Is not the remedy of an injunc-
tion sufficient? Let the agent be irresponsible, if
you will; still the process of injunction does not
go upon the ground of the person's having prop-
erty to answer with. He is liable to imprison-
ment, if he violates the injunction; because he is
guilty of contempt of court; and therefore, if the
word "use" is stricken out, we shall have the
contest between the dealers in the article and the
patentee. Thepatentee has a perfect protection;
because, by the remedy in equity he could compel
the party who had his establishment m Canada,
and ins agdnts here, if they were irresponsible, to
change those agents eternally, and at a loss which
he could not stand. I hold, myself, that the pro-
tection given by the bill, striking out the word
" use," would be sufficient for the purposes of this
or any other patent. If it is not, all I can say
is, it will not do for you to trench upon the rights
of the community, and compel the individual
consumer of an article to contest the validity of
a patent, to protect that patent. The difficulty
does not apply to an avowedly good patent; it
applies to the case of an article the patent-right of
which in this country is disputed, or claimed by
dilferent persons; or where it is claimed that the
patent has expired, or never legally existed. Those
who deal in the article may well afford to test the
validity of the patent with the holder of it; but
the mere consumer pf an individual article—the
mere purchaser—would not be willing to do it.
You have but to suppose the case of a man claim-
ing a patent of the kind, which is unjust in itself,
or doubtful, or which may be claimed by another
person; he publishes a notice in the newspapers,
and it can be brought home to the party using the
article that he was a reader of the paper; then the
question arises whether he saw the notice. Then
the holder of the patent files a bill in equity, and
saddles the party with the costs of suit. Whether
he fails or succeeds is immaterial, for the terror
will have been spread abroad in the community;
and, the moment the party publishes the notice of
the article in the newspapers the consumption of
that article for individual use would be destroyed.
My objection to the bill is, that if patentees can-
not be protected without making the consumer of
the individual article liableto contest the right with
the patentees, they must go without that protec-
tion.
Mr. MILLER. This bill was introduced for
the purpose of meeting a known existing evil—to
prevent what the Committee on the Judiciary
tjaought a gross violation of the spirit of our
patent laws. It is not the design of the bill to
reach any case which the Senator from Delaware
has suggested; that is, of going and seizing an
article meyely because a man may be found m the
use of it. B.ut the object of the bill is to prevent
persons who could not evade our patent laws
within the United States from taking the machine
across the line, and into a foreign country, and
there manufacturing the article, and sending it
here for sale and for use. If the machines which
are now in operation in Canada were in the
United States, they could be seized, under our
present laws, and taken possession of at once, and
the parties who had used them in violation of the
law, would be punished. But, inasmuch as the
parties, knowing the state of the law in the United '
States, carry their machines across the line, and
there use them, there is no remedy, unless Con-
gress give the remedy which is asked for by this
bill, to wit: that if a man goes across the line to
a foreign country contiguous to the United States,
and th^re obtains the patented articles, and then
brings them to the United States knowing them
to have been manufactured fraudulently, or if he
sells them in the United States, or uses them,
knowing them to have been thus manufactured,
he would then be subject to the penalty. What
is there wrong in that? If the manufacturer were
in the United States, this law would not be neces-
sary. But this evasion of the law makes it neces-
sary that our patentees should be protected in
this way.
One word with regard to the objections raised
by the Senator from Delaware, [Mr. Bayard.]
He objects to the bdl because itmakes the penalty
apply to the person who may use the patented
article. I agree that, when the bill was first re-
ported,it struck me that the word " use" ought
not to be in the bill; that it might be carrying the
principle too far, so that it might become oppres-
sive. But the remedy proposed is sufficient; be-
cause it must be proved by affidavit of the party
whose rights are infringed, that the party using
the article knew, at the time he did so, that it was
thus surreptitiously brought into the United States
m fraud of thepatentee. I think, then, that, with
regard to the srienta, there can be no difficulty.
It must be brought home, it must be proved. If
a man were to go into a market anywhere, and
purchase an article to which the bill applies, it
would be a hard case to seize that article, unless
you bring home the scienta, the knowledge of the
fact that the article was thus fraudulently intro-
duced. But if a man goes and buys an article,
knowing, at the time, that it is a fraudulent one,
this bill will apply.
Mr. BAYARD. Suppose a ease of a patentee
having made a publication in a paper, claiming a
certain patent in order to bring home to the knowl-
edge of all parties that the article is a patented
article, and he finds that, notwithstanding this,
-his article is in use, and files a bill against the
party using it, would the notice in a paper be
deemed a sufficient warning against the use of the
article?
Mr. MILLER. That will be a question for
the court fo decide—a question whether the party
had knowledge. I have no objection to the word
" use" being stricken out, were it not for the fact
that the law would then be evaded in another way.
Because parties would then say, We do not trans-
port these articles here for sale, but for use, and
thus they would evade the law. If the word
" use" is not put in, you will find men all along
the line who will buy these articles, and put thera
into their shops and say they are for their own
use. It is to avoid that and meet the whole case,
that the word " use" should be retained; and I
think that with the word "knowingly" inserted,
the bill is unobjectionable as it is.
Mr. SEWARD. The Constitution of the Uni-
ted States provides that Congress shall have power
to promote the progress of science, and of the
useful arts, by securing to inventors and authors „
the production of their genius for a limited term of
years. It is a provision that became necessary to
insert in the Constitution of the United States, for
the reason that the object in which property was
concerned was a matter of commerce, and com-
merce was necessarily put under the care of
the Federal Government, instead of under the
government of the States. -It is an anomaly
in the Constitution, because the rights to private
property are secured to the owners by the several
States with this exception; and I have stated the
reason why this exception was made. It was a
policy long before adopted by the Government of
that country from which we have derived some of
the most valuable of our institutions—the Govern-
ernment of Great Britain. It was adopted ill that
country in the time of James I., when all monop-
