1568
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 14.
olies which had been before granted by theCrown,
were revised and abolished, and the power of
the Crown to grant monopolies was thenceforth
restricted to the case of patents recurring for a
limited term of years, to real inventors and au-
thors, the production of their own intellectual
labor.
The measures adopted by the Congress of the
United States, to carry out this provision of the
Constitution, were the same measures which had
been earlier adopted by the Parliament of Great
Britain. They went to the same extent, and they
went no further; and being amended and improved
nearly simultaneously in both countries, they have,
with some degree of success, answered the pur-
pose for which they were intended. But a time
has come when a case has arisen in which the ex-
isting remedies are inadequate to fulfill the con-
stitutional purposes. The manufacturer of a useful
machine finds the production of his own patented
machine on sale by others, in his own country,
his own State, his own town. He seeks his rem-
edy underexistinglaws. It is ineffectual, because
the existing remedies can only be enforced by
reaching the person of the infringer who makes
the article, and the machine with which the article
is manufactured. But the infringer is in Canada,
beyond the reach of a legal process; his machine
is in Canada or Nova Scotia, beyond the jurisdic-
tion of the United States; and the products are,
nevertheless, here on sale. Then the American
inventor pays a great tax to the Government for
the privilege of manufacturing his own article, and
is supplanted in the market by the foreign man-
ufacturer, who uses the inventor's own machine
for the purpose without responsibility to lnm.
Thus, sir, the remedy which is provided by the
Constitution, and secured by the law, is inade-
quate. The right of property, is, nevertheless, to
be protected, or else the constitutional provision
fails. "What, then, is to be done? Either you
must abandon the duty of protecting the property,
or you must furnish a new and better remedy.
That is the object of this bill; and it is proposed
to be accomplished by providing that the manu-
factured article produced abroad and brought into
the United States, should be forfeited to the use
of the inventor in certain cases. What objec-
tion is there to this ? It is stated by the honor-
able Senator from Delaware, [Mr. Bayard,] that
this bill proposes the introduction of a new prin-
ciple; but I humbly submit that there is 110 prin-
ciple involved in the matter—nothing that has the
dignity, nothing that is worthy of the name of
a principle. The principle which we seek to es-
tablish is, that the inventor shall be protected in
his property, and the duty of Congress is to see
that he is protected. The remedy proposed in-
volves 110 new principle whatever. It is merely
carrying out the principle already recognized and
established.
But the honorable Senator from Delaware ob-
serves, that heretofore we have never seized and
subjected to confiscation the manufactured product,
but have left it free and open to commerce, and
that we therefore shall establish a new principle
by seizing the product in this case. Sir, I repeat
that this proceeding involves no new principle,
for certainly the man who uses the property of the
inventor can claim no protection on principle in
using it to the injury of his neighbor, who is its
lawful owner. It is, therefore, only making the
existing remedy more stringent. It is not depart-
ing from a principle at all; for the only principle
in question is "protection of property bylaw."
When this new remedy is proposed, two ques-
, tions arise; first, whether it is necessary; and it
is conceded on all h uids that property of this kind
cannot be protected, unless some new remedv is
given, nor can the wit of man devise any other
provision which will give additional stringency to
the old remedy.
What other question remains about this addi-
tional remedy ? Simply this; whether it is a rem-
edy which is capable of being perverted to do
greater injustice to the innocent than it will afford
protection to the patentee. That, however, is
guarded aeainst by requiring that the person who
is to* suffer this penalty shall be proved to have
committed a fraud—shall be proved to have had
a guilty knowledge that the article he was pur-
chasing was the property of another—the prop-
erty of an American citizen. Is there anything
new in that ? No principle is better established
than that property stolen shall not be made the
property of another by purchase. There is no
new principle m saying, that though the thief
shall be obliged to surrender the property stolen,
while it remains in his hands, that when he has
sold it in the market, the purchaser shall not have
a title to it, even though he purchasedit innocently.
But in this case we have adopted a precaution m
declaring that no man shall be subject to damages
111 consequence of being in possession of these pro-
ducts unless it'is proved that he knew that it was
the production of a machine of an American citi-
zen secured to him by a patent. Now, when you
bring this knowledge home to an individual, he is
convicted of fraud, and you only apply in this
case the old principle that title shallnot be diverted
from its lawful owner by fraud.
The Senator from Delaware [Mr. Bayard]
seems to suppose that the remedy is capable of
being abused. He cannot deny that it is unques-
tionable in its nature and character, but capable of
being abused. It is not capable of being abused,
because it will be necessary for the person who
seeks to prevent another from purchasing these
products to give him notice that they are the pro-
duction of a patented machine or invention.
Neither can a case of dispute arise between patent-
ees, because the owner of a patent must give no-
tice to the intending purchaser, before he buys,
that certain goods manufactured by his machine,
are on tneir way from a foreign country; and lie
must prohibit tiie purchase; it any one buys after
that, he buys with his eyes open, and he must
submit to the consequences. It is not a question
of conflict of patents, but of violation of a recog-
nized patent. The honorable Senator from Dela-
ware says that an injunction would reach the case,
and afford a sufficient protection. Tins remedy
would be defensible only on the ground that the
use prohibited"was unlawful and injurious. But
the provision to which he objects rests on the
same ground—to wit: that after notice is given, the
use is unlawful and injurious. If it be right to
enjoin a merchant not to offer these articles for
sale, or to enjoin a purchaser from using them,
then it is right to provide that, without a resort to
the expensive litigation of an equity suit, the per-
son fraudulently purchasing these articles shall
not enjoy the benefit of his fraud. An injunction
is never defensible, except on the ground that all
other remedies are inadequate. There is, then,
no need to resort to an injunction, because pre-
vious notice and confiscation in defiance of it would
be not only more simple, but more adequate rem-
edy also. To require the inventor to sue out an
injunction is to require that he shall be subjected
to a great expense, which could be saved by giving
a simple notice.
1 had so much to say on the question generally.
The Senator from Arkansas [Mr. Borland]
objects, that if the principle is a sound one, it ought
to be extended so as to apply the law to pirated
articles manufactuied in other countries as well as
m the North American British Provinces. My
reply will be brief. Theprincipleis the same,and
it would be easy, and I doubt not it would be
right, to extend it; but it is not now necessary to
extend it. In those foreign countries which are
not contiguous to the United States there is no
such evil as that of infringement upon the nghts-
of American inventors by manufacturing articles
with their own patented machines, and sending
them here for sale. The only cases which have
come to our knowledge are those ill which these
articles are manufactured in British North Amer-
ica contiguous to the United States. This bill,
then, is sufficient for present purposes, sufficient
for the present administration of justice, without
extending it further. Senators representing other
portions of the United States than that wiiere the
evil is suffered object to its being extended further.
The case, then, is just this. It is necessary to
give the bill this extent, and it is unnecessary to
extend it further. We who feel the need of it
are to take it, without extending it fuither, for no
other object than to carry out an abstract prin-
ciple.
The fact that the infringement of American pat-
ents is confined to the contiguous British Provinces
seems to present an anomaly. But that anomaly
may be easily explained. All those manufactures
which find a provision of this kind necessary, are
manufactures of wood or lumber, and timber.
Wood, lumber, and timber, are not produced in
any foreign country so abundantly as to tempt
such infringements, except the British Provinces
contiguous to the United States. They are not
produced so plentifully that their production in
foreign countries can be made so as to undersell
the patentee in our own markets. Take, for in-
stance, the article of lasts, a large quantity of
which are manufactured by patented machines.
The lumber can be obtained even more cheaply
in Canada and Nova Scotia than here, directly
across rivers, which are traversed by ferries
at all hours of the day and night; and it will be
seen at once, that trade in the article if allowed
would become indiscriminate, unless there is such
a remedy as this bill contemplates. But there are
no last-makers in England, or Prance, or Russia,
sending their lasts here manufactured by our
machines, or otherwise.
On the contrary, so cheap are the products of
our machines for working in wood, compared
with those in Europe, that without any patent
whatever, we do sell a vast amount of articles of
this kind, especially of clocks, all over the conti-
nent of Europe, although we have no bounty
there, and must pay a duty upon them when in-
troduced there. It is seen, then, I hope, that this
bill is right in itself; thatitis necessary; that noth-
ing less will be adequate; and that more than this
bill proposes is unnecessary, and that a constitu-
tional obligation upon Congress requires that it
should be passed.
Mr. BUTLER. I wish to acquit myself of my
duty to this bill, and to make a few explanations
in regard to it. The amendments which have
been made, have been framed without my knowl-
edge, and of course I do not feel responsible for
them. I do, however, in some measure, feel re-
sponsible for the bill as it originally came from
thehandsof the Committeeon the Judiciary. The
great object of that bill was to punish fraudulent
fabricators, and illicit traders in articles manufac-
tured in aforeign country from a machine patented
here. I recollect the circumstances under which
the bill was framed in the committee room: A gen-
tleman came forward and said that he had a ma-
chine for making irregular bodies, such as lasts,
gun-stocks, axe-helves, and some other articles of
the kind. It was one of those inventions which
showed that he had been studying upon the sub-
ject a great while. He had a patent; it was a clear
vested right—a right which the Government was
bound to protect, as a vested right, as much as it
was bound to protect any other vested right. This
right, he said, had been invaded in this way: Per-
sons after looking at the machine in the United
States, would go over into Canada, make such a
machine, there manufacture lasts and other irreg-
ular bodies, and they would be brought in quan-
tities to the United States, and openly offered for
sale in violation of his rights. The great objcct of
the original bill was, therefore, to put down this
combination between the fraudulent fabricators of
a machine, beyond the United States, and the
fraudulent venders in the United States. It was
to put down a species of smuggling in derogation
of the rights of this inventor.
Now to the extent to which that went, I am
perfectly willing to assent to the bill. 1 am per-
fectly willing that it should contain this provision:
that all perso.is who shall openly and knowingly
sell, in violation of the rights of a patentee, arti-
cles made from an American patented machine in
an adjacent country, shall have these goods for-
feited; and it is nothing but right that it should be
so. To that extent I am willing to go; but I
doubt very much, when we introduce the princi-
ple which has been alluded to by the honorable
Senator from Delaware, whether we do not invade
a very delicate subject, and thus introduce a pain-
ful subject of litigation by reaching an individual
who may, or may not have the use of it bona Jide
or fraudulently. Why, sir, it will give rise to a
species of litigation—it will be a broad field for
litigation to say that every individual who shall
have such an article for his use shall be subject
to a lawsuit of this kind. I am perfectly willing
to legislate on this subject with somewhat more
caution, perhaps, than-ihe extent to which this
bill seems to look. I am willing to limit it to
fraudulent venders, who, in combination with a
foreign fabricator, introduce articles within the
limits of the United States in violation of the rights
of patentees here. I am willing to let the bill go
that far and no further. Therefore, if gentlemen
