656
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1.
should there have been so much contention as to ji
the clause making: emancipation the penalty ot j
bringing negroes here for sale, if that was the law ■ ;
already? Here, again, the Senator is at fault, j
We all know that there were in different parts of j'
the city slave-pens, as they were called, where ;
slaves were openly brought in and sold. It was j
to suppress that evil the law was passed, with the |.
penalty of emancipation. j
The Senator from Alabama alleges he did not i
maintain that Mr. Calhoun was not a secessionist j
in principle, but only that he was against a State
exercising that power. The Senator has forgo lien },
his words. Here they are: ;
"John C. Calhoun and Geoige MeDuffu1 examined the I
resolutions of ;98 and '99 for the right of secession, and j,
could nol find it. They found, a* they thought, nullification ; :,
hut nullificat'on i-" itself a denial of spcr^'on.''' I,
Now, is not that affirming distinctly that John :i
O.Calhoun never affirmed the right of secession? j
The Senator has forgotten his own speech. There :
appears to be a peculiar proclivity on the pait of '
the Senator continually to bring in Mr. Calhoun 1
as authority to support his views, bat always with j
a misunderstanding or misrepresentation of his -
opinions. Speaking of the dismemberment of:
Texas, which he defends in his December speech, j'
he says: ;
u The ne\t measure ot winch complaint Iris been made, |
is the bill settling the boundary of Texas. WAl, sir. it so :
happens that thU also is a riouthem, not a Northern meas- i1
urc. It \v«l> mtioduced by a tfouthem man, parsed by :
Southern votes, and ratified by the people ot the only South-
ern Slate who had any direct intercut m it. It further hap- ; |
pens, that Mr. Calhoun, the gieat leader of the cSoulh, 1
duiing his life, has lert on record hia deliberate opinion that 1
Texas never h.id u shadow of title to one loot of nif temtory
we burtendered to the General Government. He asserted i
that the true boundary of Texas was the middle of the desert j
between the Notices and the llio Grande We «ave to
Texas nine hundred miles on the Rio Grande, which, in his !|
opinion, did not belong to her." j
Here is a grows misrepresentation of Mr. Cal- i'
houn's opinions. Mr. Calhoun asserted that the
Nueces was the boundary of Texas, b&iore we
acquired Mexican territory by tlie Alexican war. I
It was upon the question of the -Mexican war,
when the boundary of Texas was disputed and
disputable, that Air. Calhoun said hoi boundary -
did not extend to the Rio Grande. The people of j
Texas and the Government here took the ground |
that Texas did extend to the Rio Uramie. Ilence i
troops were ordered to the Rio Grande, and the j
Mexican war arose. Rut when the war was !
ended, and, by a treaty, the Rio Grande was made
the boundary of Texas, by a map attached thereto, ',
who ever heard Mr. Calhoun deny that the Rio
Grande was the boundary of Texas? That which 1
was before disputable, and occasioned the war, j
was 'settled by the war. And now, because Mr. |
Calhoun, previous to that, settlement, expressed
such an opinion as to the boundary of Tevas, the !
Senator says (.bat Mi. Calhoun was m favor of:
the dismemberment of Texas after J he (real}' was
formed.
One word more upon an important subject, and j
I have done. The sovereignty of the States is of j
theveiv l:r-u nupoi lance. The Senator from A la- :
bairn, although he complain-^ of the « onfu^iou of!
ideas ami language m others concerning i:. seems i
to me to ha\e himself no very clear or distinct i
ideas of sovereignty. 1 agree Willi him thatsov- '
ereionty must be the supreme authority in a Stare. !
He lays down the proposition, and I assent to it: j
but how, then, does' he tnlkoi the ►States ami the '
General Covermneni being both sovereign : Who !
ever heard of two sovereignties in a Srn«e? One ;
must be supreme: and ihat which is supreme is
sovereign. Sovereignty is the supreme, intimate j
authority. That authonfv, j maintain, resides m ■
the States. And yet here, l.vausi i>rtom pov. eis !
of sovereignty are exercised by the Gericini Gov- 1
ernment, he claims that the Seme June surren-
dered all their sovereignty. A man h-i : pon er* :
and faculties, and may use them in concert or sub- :
ordination to others. Has hetherefore destroyed
himself^ So with sovereignty. It is the highest
authority of the land. Rut u may t-vpivise its
powers of sovereignty in concert with otherStates. :
It may do so by special treaty; n mav do so 1
m the form of government in" wlu,.Ji we are. '
Rut is sovereignty therefore paited with or an-',
mhdafed' Surely not. Ceitoin powers of sov-
ereignty are exercised together by the States ;■
through the General Government; hut the States i
have not surrendered their sovereignty. They !■
are still supreme, and may resume those powers !'
whenever they think proper. Sovereignty cannot
be divided. There cannot be two supreme au-
thorities—that is an absurdity-, audit is on that
point that it seems to me that the confusion of the
Senator exists. Reasserts that there is no sov-
ereignty in the States; and then, in the next breath,
he says they are sovereign in certain particulars.
They are sovereign in all particulars, or in none.
This Government acts by their authority, and by
no other authority—and they are thus sovereign;
or this Government is the supreme authority, and
they have no sovereignty. The distinction, which
the Senator does not seem to understand, is be-
tween sovereignty, and the powers of sovereignty.
I do not mean to go into the various matters of
explanation concerning the speech which I made.
I have put down the Senator from Alabama ex-
actly in his own words. I have read to the Sen-
ate and shall print what he has said. It will be
read. If his replies are sufficient to refute his
own words, as 1 have placed them.down, be itso.
I only say, that, accoidmg to my conception of it,
he has failed in his effort. There is nothing, in
my judgment, which the gentleman has said, that
refutes the antagonistic positions he took in his
former speeches and his December speech. They
are totally inconsistent and irreconcilable. But if
he can reconcile them, it is very well for him to
do so.
Air. President, when I rose yesterday, it was
my intention to have addressed myself also to
ccrtani remarks of the Senator from Michigan,
[Air. Cass,] but my strength failed; and the con-
troversy with the Senator from Alabama has taken
up so much of the time of the Senate, that I feel
it would be a trespass to detain them longer on
these matters. I shall, therefore, reserve what I
have to say to a more convenient opportunity,
when I hope to address myself to the Senator from
Michigan.
Mr. CLEMENS. Mr. Piesident, I wish to
add but a word or two. The Senator from South
Carolina says that he anticipated when he made
this assault upon me that it would be repelled, and
met, as he terms it, by renewed insult. The Sena-
tor then placed himself in a very disagreeable sit-
uation, with very little provocation.
As for Ins reasons for not replying in the man-
ner m which I thought he ought to have replied, I
have only this to say: I am the equal of that Sena-
tor in all things—equal m place, equal in learn-
ing, equal in reputation, equal m the estimation
of this Senate, equal m the estimation of the
country—and I thought, of course, when he
made his attack, that he expected and desired it
to terminate without the Senate. As to his being
a member of the church, I never heard of that
until last night. When I did hear it, I determined
at once to use no more offensive expressions,
although I could not help thinking that it ought to
have prevented the provocation rather than proved
an excuse for avoiding the consequences. How
could [ suppose that he was a professing chris-
tian—that night after night he had laid his head
upon bus pillow, with the prayer upon Ins lips
Cl lorgivc us our trespasses as we forgive those
1 who trespass against us," while he was cherish-
ing ni his heart, ot' hearts a malignant bitterness
which would have done credit, to a fiend? How
could I suppose that he was planning even at the
foot of the altar a cold-blooded and deliberate as-
sault upon the reputation of a fellow man?
As for the Bufurd letter to which he has again
alluded to-day, 1 do not mean to trouble the Sen-
ate with any remarks about u. It is a matter be-
tween me and my constituents, and I will settle it
with them. Nor have 1 any reply to make to his
criticisms on the words he has read; if he will not
•,ee, ;f is hi* fauh—if he cannot, it is not my prov-
ince to enlighten him.
At the ciofje ot the discussion, the Senate ad-
journed.
TN SENATE.
Monday, March 1, J852.
Prayer oy the Rev. Littlltox F. Morgan'.
Mr. BRIGHT presented a memorial of inhab-
itants of Indiana, praying; that the transportation
of the mails on Sunday may be prohibited by Jaw;
winch was referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Also, two memorials of assistant marshals for
taking the Seventh Census in Indiana, praying
additional compensation; which were referred tu
the Committee of Claims.
Mr. ATCHISON presented the memorial of
James M. Gatewood, praying the appointment of
a tiibunal to review the decisions of the late Board
of Commissioners for the settlement of claims of
American citizens against Mexico; which was re-
ferred to the select committee appointed on the
subject.
Air. HAMLIN presented the memorial of Jo-
seph Adams and others, assistant marshals for
taking the Seventh Census in Maine, praying
additional compensation; which was referred to
the Committee of Claims.
Mr. WADE presented several petitions of
deputy marshals for taking the Seventh Censusm
Ohio, praying additional compensation: which
were referied to the Committee of Claims.
Air. SEWARD presented a petition of Daniel
Palmer for himself and other soldiers who were
disabled by the loss of limbs in the last war with
Great Britain, praying an increase of the pensions
allowed them; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Pensions.
Also, a petition of citizens of Wyomingcounty,
New York, remonstrating against an extension
of Woodworth's patent for a planing machine;
which was referred to the Committee on Patents
and the Patent Office.
Also, the petition of James McGregor, jr., as-
signee of Anthony W. Jones, praying to have his
patent ante-dated; which was referied to the Com-
mittee on Patents and the Patent Office.
Air. DODGE, of Wisconsin, presented a me-
morial of the Legislature of Wisconsin, praying
that so much of the military reservation at Fort
Howard as is not required for the use of that post
may be disposed of; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. DOUGLAS presented a petition of citizens
of Philadelphia county, Pennsylvania, remonstra-
ting against* the farther extension of Woodwork's
patent for a planing machine; which wos referred
to the Committee on Patents and the Patent Of-
fice.
Air. BORLAND presented a petition of citizens
of Arkansas, praying a grant of land to the Ar-
kansas Valley Railroad company, for the con-
struction of a railroad fiom Van Buren to Fort
Smith, in that State; which was ordered to be laid
on the table.
Also, a memorial of citizens of Arkansas, pray-
ing the establishment of a mail route from Grand
Glaize to Searcy, in that State; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr. FISH presented a petition of citizens of
the city and county of Nrw York, remonstrating
against the further extension of Woodworth's
patent for a planing machine; which was referred
to the Committee on Patents and the Patent Office.
Air. DAVIS presented the memorial of John
Council, in behalf of sundry merchants residing
in New York, Boston, Philadelphia, and Balti-
moie, praying the return of duties paid under
the tariff of 182S, on goods which were ordered
previous to the adoption of the tariff*, but did not
arrive until after it went into effect; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. PRATT presented the memorial of Henry
May, administrator of William A. Slacuin, de-
ceased, praying the payment of his claim against
the Government of Mexico; which was referred
to the select committee appointed on the subject.
Air. BELL submitted documents in support of
the claim of William .Read to compensation for
services in the Indian war during the year 1793;
which were referred to the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims.
Air. DODGE, of Iowa, presented a memorial
of citizens of Iowa, praying a grant of land to
the State for the construction of the Burlington
and Missouri river railroad; which was referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Also, communications from Joseph A. Kelting,
in favor of a grant of land 'for the benefit of the
town of Kanesville, Iowa; which were referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, presented the proceed-
ings of a convention of delegates from fourteen
counties in the State of Iowa, held at Ottumwa,
in favor of a donation of land for the Burlington
and Missouri river railroad; which were referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
