THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $3 FOR THIS SESSION.
TUESDAY, AUGUST 31, 1852.
32d Congress, 1st Session.
in debt, as it were, to this unfortunate family.
This young officer was coming out to join a regi-
ment of which I had theeommand atthetime—the '
regiment of marines. Major Twiggs, his father, j
fell in the battle of Chapultepec. I appointed him [
to command the.storming party at the storming of j
that place, and I saw him fall. 1 was close to him j
at the time. So that, as far as I am concerned, I i
could not let this occasion pass without saying, j
that if this young gentleman hud lived, he would I
have taken a place in the command which I had
the honor to lead. His father occupied a high
position. He was a brave and gallant officer. He
fell in the storming of Chapultepec, and his son
fell on his way to join him. I take it for granted
that there will be no objection to the amendment.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair considers the
amendment as received, and the question is oil its
adoption.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MALLORY. I move to amend the appro-
priation for " completing the light-house at Sand
Key, Florida," by adding to it the following:
And the. construction of s.iid work blliill be contained
and completed under the Topographical Bureau, by J. W.
P. Lewis, who has hitherto had charge of it.
That involves no expenditure of money, and I
can explain it in a few moments. Mr. Lewis is
an engineer of Boston, of great skill, lie pre-
pared the working drawings and superintended
the construction of this large and beautiful light
at Sand Key, near my own residence. lie con-
ducted this work at a time when it was reported
to be impracticable by nn officer of the Army.
He overcame those difficulties which were sup-
posed to be insurmountable. About one half ihe
amount required was expended, when the ap-
propriation gave out, and the officers of the Army
were compelled to discontinue his services, because
of the existence of a law which compelled them to
employ an Army engineer. I propose now to do
justice to this gentleman, who lias devoted a life to
this service. He studied engineering in England,
and brought his knowledge of it here. I propose
that we shall have the advantages of his talents
and of his abilities. There is no objection to him
whatever, I believe. ] have known him a long
while, and he is a very worthy engineer.
Mr. CASS. This sort of legislation makes
mere ciphers of the Departments. If we go on in
this way the Secretary of War will not be re-
sponsible at all. If you appoint the man who is
to do the business, you destroy the functions of
the Administration.
Mr. HUNTER. I agree with the Senator from
Michigan; we ought to leave these things to the
proper Departments. We ought not to interfere
with the appointing power.
Mr. WELLER. If I understand the amend-
ment it makes an appropriation of $44,000 for the
completion of the light-house on Sand Key. I
should like to know from the Senator from Florida
how much has already been appropriated for the
construction of that light-house? I know that it
has been a very expensive one. Even our light-
houses on the Pacific, wheie everything is so ex-
pensive, are to be done for ->Jf>,000 or $30,000
apiece. I desire to know befoie I vote upon this
proposition, how much money has already been
expended for the construction of this light-house?
Mr. MALLORY. This amendment makes no
appropriation whatever. The appropriation is al-
ready in the bill as it came from the House. I
would say to the Senator from California that I
believe that the light-house is to cost nearly
§100,000. But it is an iron-screw pile-light, one
hundred and forty feet high, built upon a barren
island, and the appropriations for it, so far as I can
learn, have been most economically and properly
expended.
In reply to the honorable Senator from Vir-
ginia, I would say that this structure was com-
menced under the Topographical Bureau. Mr.
Lewis is the gentleman who made the working
drawings, who superintended all the work, and
has had charge of the work up to this time. His
services have been discontinued for the want of
153
an appropriation, and also because of the exist-
ence of a law requiring works of this kind to be
performed by engineers of the Army. I think
there would be no objection to this proposition on
the part of the officers of the Army. This indi-
vidual has been in their employ for four years,
and has exhibited great skill and talent. I am
satisfied that if the structure be placed under his
charge it will be completed in the most perfect
manner. And I believe no man in the country
understands the subject as well as he does.
Mr. BADGER. I agree with the Senators from
Michigan and Virginia. This is a very improper
mode of legislating. Let me put a case to the
Senator fiom Florida: Suppose this gentleman
should die—laying aside every other objection—*
of course the work would stop, because the law
designated a particular man who was to go on and
superintend the application of the money to the
construction of the work. If there is anything in
the law requiting an officer of the Army to be de-
tnilcd for the purpose, let that law be repealed so
far as it applies to this light-house. That is very
different from this proposition. As the Senator
from Michigan says, there is no proper respon-
sibility on the part of the executive departments,
if we undertake to go and select persons to carry
on these works.
Mr. WELLER. I believe this is the |third
appropriation which has been made for the con-
struction of this light-house. The first appro-
priation, I think, was $90,000; then there was an
appropriation of $33,000 to complete it, and now
we are called upon to appropriate $44,000 more.
The PRESIDENT. The amendment proposes
no appropriation. The appropriation is already
in the bill; and the question pending is on the
proposition of the Senator from Florida to employ
a particular individual to do the work.
Mr. WELLER. May I not discuss the pro-
priety of the appropriation on this amendment?
The PRESIDENT. It is in order to do so;
but it is more strictly correct to speak to the
amendment pending.
Mr. WELLER. I merely desired to call the
attention of the Senate to the fact, that a yeav-ago
$33,000 were appropriated to complete this light-
house, and now we are called upon to appropriate
§44,000 more.
Mr. MALLORY. I will modify my amend-
ment to meet the objection of the honorable Sena-
tor from North Carolina. I feel that justice should
be done to this individual. But I will modify my
amendmentso as to leave the Secretary of War to
employ any one he pleases. I think we ought to
have the services of this engineer in completing
the work. He has already overcome difficulties
which were considered insurmountable, and has
carried the work almost to completion. We wish
the advantages of his labors; and I wish to use
language, so that it may be understood that we
wish him to be continued.
Mr. BRADBURY. I understand that this in-
dividual is the only person who made an examin-
ation of the site of the li^ht-house, who was of
opinion that it was practicable. The officers of
the Army who examined it, gave it up; but he
went further, and through his genius and his skill
we have been able to carryforward the work thus
far. Now, I think it would be doing a great
wrong to leave the law in such a situation that the
Department would be unable to avail themselves
of the services of this distinguished individual.
Whether the amendment should stand in the form
presented by the Senator from Florida, or in the
form suggested by the Senator from North Caro-
lina, will not be very material, so that justice is
done.
Mr. BADGER.. The statement of the Senator
from Maine of itself is sufficient to show the im-
propriety of this appropriation. What do we
know about the genius of Mr. Lewis? Are we
to take evidence here and ascertain whether he dis-
covered the site, whether he assisted by his genius,
and skill, and dexterity, the officers in carrying on
the work, or whether any one else cannot do it?
Can we possibly determine that matter? Then,
New Series....No. 153.
if we do it in this instance, why not in every other
case appropriate for building such a light-house at
a particular point, and then say Robert Jones, or
Captain Snooks shall be the man to superintend
and direct the work ? This js a matter which ought
to he left to our executive officers.
Mr. MALLORY. X have already told the Sen-
ator from North Carolina the particulars of this
matter. After this site had been recommended by
various boards of underwriters, and by mercantile
men all over this country, as a proper location for
a light-house, it was examined with a view of
placing one there, and a law passed requiring that
a screw-pile light should be put there. There was
no alternative but to pal up that description of
light. Officers of the Army examined the spot,
and pronounced it impracticable. This gentleman
had paid particular attention to the construction of
screw-pile lights in England. He examined the
place after the officers of the Army had pronounced
it impracticable, and said he would engage to put
a light there. He was appointed the engineer,
and made drawings and specifications for the con-
struction of the work. There is no such work on
the continent of America as this. I have no doubt
the Secretary of War would be glad to have au-
thority to employ this individual, but as the law
now exists it cannot be done.
Mr. SHIELDS. I wish to make a suggestion
to my friend from Florida. This gentleman, I
believe, is a very skillful engineer—so far as I can
understand, one of the very ablest in ourcounti y,
in the management of works of this kind. But
the difficulty has been in the War Department.
They were compelled to remove him,because they
were bound to employ Topographical Engineers.
They had no desire to remove this gentleman; and
therefore I would suggest, in accordance with the
suggestion of the Senator from Michigan, that the
Senator from Florida modify his amendment, so
as to give the Department a chance of employing
any one they choose. I have no doubtthoy would
select this gentleman.
Mr. MALLORY. In accordance with the sug-
gestions of various Senators, I have modified my
amendment so as to read:
And so much of any act of Congress as requires that
an officer of the Army shall be employed in constructing
said work, be, and tnu same is hereby, repealed.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BELL. I offer the following amendment
as an additional .section:
Jlnd be itjinlhcr enacted, That the Secictaiy of War
be directed to pay to each of the survivois, oi to the heir"
of those who have died, of the Seminole wainort* who were
mustered into the service of the United States at Fort
Brooke, in December, J835, an amount equal to ihree
months'pay, and allowances of a private soldier in the Army
of the United States : Provided, That the amount fo paid
shall not exceed S3,870: And provided* aho, That .such
amount paid shall be in full of all claims of said friendly
Seminole^ dunug the Florida war, for compensation and
indemnity on account of losses sustained.
In 1850 a provision passed in one of the appro-
priation bills, providing for the payment of these
Indians. It was adopted by both Houses; but,
by some mischance, it was not incorporated into
the enrolled bill, in the hurry and confusion of the
last night of the session. The subject wds again
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs, and
they made a report upon it in favor of the claim.
They have now instructed me to offer it as an
amendment to this bill. The leason why the
claim has been so long delayed, is on account of
the loss of the muster roll, which lias since been
supplied by Captain Casey. These Indians were
under the command of Major Betton. Captain
Casey, who was an officer in his command, has
since supplied the deficiency of the muster roll.
Hence we have full proof as to who the claimants
are. 1 hope the amendment will be adopted.
Mr. BRIGHT. 1 desire to inquire whether
this amendment was not voted down on the Indian
appropriation bill ?
Mr. BELL. It was presented eithei on tha.
bill, or on the deficiency bill, and a question of
order was raised, as to whether or not it was a
private claim. Now, I appeal to any Senator on
