ism.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2435
for the fortification. So much for the question of
good faith; now for the importance of the work.
The island is situated immediately opposite the
mouth of the Chesapeake and Delaware Canal,
which is the great link of communication through
which, in case of war, the whole coasting trade of
your country must pass from the Chesapeake Bay.
it is the sole defense of the States of New Jersey,
Delaware, and a part of Pennsylvania; and the
sole sufficient defense of the city of Philadelphia,
in the case of war, against the incursions of a for-
eign enemy commandingafleetof steamers; for as
to Fort Mifflin, it is a little work, which, though
it might avail against one or two sailing vessels,
could not possibly restrain the advance of even an
ordinary fleet of steamers. The position of the
island is such that works erected there would ren-
der it impossible for any fleet to advance up the
Delaware. By it you may protect the whole
coast, both of New Jersey and of Delaware, and
obtain a new means of controlling the possibility
of an enemy taking possession of your breakwater
at the mouth of the bay, and maintaining it
during a war as they did during the last war.
You also secure the impossibility of an enemy's
attacking the most valuable powder establishment
in the country—so valuable that during the war
of 1812, through its whole progress, you had four
thousand volunteers stationed in the State of Del-
aware for their protection, because they were ab-
solutely necessary for your purpose; and now
they are far more important and extended than
they were then.
I do not mean to go further into any argument.
I only wanted to bring the matter fairly before
the Senate. But 1 submit that there is no consti-
tutional objection in the way of this appropri-
ation. The faith of the Government is pledged
for the maintenance of the fort. That is the
great ground on which the appropriation is asked,
i have nothing to do with your policy as to
whether you will make appropriations for other
fortifications or not. I suppose that the Govern-
ment of the United States, when it pledges its
faith, is not going to break it either to an indi-
vidual or to a State. I am aware that the State of
Delaware has but a small vote in both Houses of
Congress, f am aware, of course, that her influence
is commensurate only with her vote; but I do hope
and believe that other States will look to this, that
if the United States can break their faith with a
small State, they may hereafter break it with a
large State; and the principle of bad faith in any
Government can only tend to its disgrace and in-
jury. I therefore ask the Senate to agree to this
appropriation, because a policy prevails in the
other House not to go on with a system of fortifi-
cation improvements that originated with the Gov-
ernment; that, though the United States have
erected works, which are not yet completed, for
the defenseof New York; though they have erect-
ed works on other points of the sea-board, the
whole coast of Delaware, the State of New Jer-
sey, and the city of Philadelphia stand undefend-
ed by a single work, and that, too, when the Gov-
ernment holds the soil ceded to it by the State of
Delaware on the pledge that it would erect the
work for which I ask the appropriation. I cannot
conceive that a stronger case could be presented.
It does not stand on any system of policy. It
commends itself to Congress because it is founded
upon the express pledge of the Government.
Mr. HUNTER. We have a whole page of
estimates for fortifications. If we adopt one, we
may put the fortification bill on this bill. I hope
we shall not commence with that at this hour of
the night upon the Army bill. I hope we shall
have a vote.
Mr. SHIELDS. There is a great deal offorce
in what the honorable Senator from Delaware has
said in relation to this point. It is one of the most
important points on the Atlantic sea-board; but it
is a part of the general national defenses, and I
regret to say that it seems that these defenses are
about to be wholly abandoned. I should vote for
this amendment most cheerfully, only it ought to
be connected with a great many other points that
are equally exposed and require equal defenses.
The question with the Committee on Military Af-
fairs was whether we would embarrass this bill j
with this necessary and essential subject, or wait
until the next session when we could take it up
and systematize it. We finally concluded that
we could not dispose of the question this session.
1 would be glad to vote for this appropriation,but
I wish to vote for it only in connection with other
points equally necessary.
Mr. BAYARD. I admit that the argument of
the Senator from Illinois would be all-powerful if
the amendment rested simply upon the importance
of the work; but the difference between this and
others is, that the faith of the Government is
pledged for the erection of this fort. That is en-
tirely thrown out of view in the argument of the
Senator. You cannot avoid the terms upon which
Delaware, small as she is, ceded the jurisdiction
of the island to you, except on the principle of
breaking the faith of the Government, after the
grant is executed. I ask for the yeas and nays
on my amendment. I want my State to know
your determination.
Mr. STOCKTON. I am reluctant to say a
word at this time upon the subject of the defenses
of the Delaware. I do not know that I would
have introduced it myself at this late period of the
session; but as it has been introduced by my hon-
orable friend, [Mr. Bayard,] and as the State of
New Jersey has a deep interest in the question, a
duty seems to devolve upon me, as one of her rep-
resentatives, to say a word or two in favor of this j
proposition to reconstruct the fort on Pea Patch
Island, in the Delaware river. I was not at all
surprised to see a disposition on the part of Sen-
ators to vote down this appropriation almost with-
out a hearing. Sir, Delaware and New Jersey are
amongst the smallest States in this Union. When
I look around this august Senate, I perceive that
those who, like myself, represent the smaller States
of this Confederacy, are but a handful when com-
pared with the rest of this body; but, sir, this will
not deter me from the effort to have justice done
upon this occasion to the smaller States. In truth,
it is my chief inducement to rise and say a woid
in behalf of those States. I hope and expect that
an appeal to your magnanimity will not be in vain.
We hope from that magnanimity what we cannot
expect from your fears. Although these States are
comparatively of small geographical dimensions,
Senators will remember that whilst we represent
small States of the Union, we are delegates from
the Old Thirteen. Mr. President, when I advert
to the Old Thirteen, I cannot forget that New Jer-
sey suffered as much in the fearful struggle for in-
dependence as any other State, and that the part
she took in that contest was as meritorious as that
of any other State. Sir, it may be safely assumed
that New Jersey was the battle-field of the Revolu-
tion; and it is not too much to say that, upon her
soil, the battle ofindependence was fought and won.
Does not this entitle her defenses to some consider-
ation from Congress, especially when you remem-
ber how small an amount of all the appropriations
of Congress at this session, as well as other ses-
sions, will inure to her advantage, whilst the inter-
est of the other States has been so much your care
and concern? Sir, since the adoption of the Con-
stitution, there has been no State admitted into
this Union, with the exception, perhaps, of one,
of smaller dimensions than my own State. The
equality supposed by our fathers to have been ob-
tained by that Constitution, has been proved by
experience to be more nominal than real. By
commandingmajorities in the other House of Con-
gress, the larger States are all potential in this Gov-
ernment; hut we do not complain of this. It was
nominated in the bond, and all the obligations as-
sumed by New Jersey, she has,and will redeem,
cost what it may.
Your appropriations are made for commerce and
navigation, and even for agriculture, without a
murmur; but when we attempt to speak here of
the other great interests of New Jersey, we can
scarcely get a hearing. Those interests which my
constituents hold very important, as connected
with State and national defense, are not permitted
to be introduced into Congress without opposition.
Whilst you have given to commerce, and to navi-
gation, and to agriculture, the highest possible en-
couragement, what have you done; comparatively,
for all other interests? To navigation you have
given the exclusive navigation of your ten thou-
sand miles of sea coast, and a costly navy to attend
upon it, and protect it wherever it goes. To ag-
riculture you have given the best and cheapest
lands in the world. Having refused to aid us in
the development of our resources for defenses, the
least we can expect from you is, that you will re-
deem your pledged word, and erect this fort. We
are told that it is too late in the session. Sir, it is
never too late to do good or to act justly. Wedo not
ask this as a mere boon. We say that Delaware
and New Jersey have an indisputable claim upon
the Government to build this fort, and to protect
the Delaware river in every possible way against
hostile incursion. We are, to be sure, small States
—we have but few men at arms—we are weak—
nay, we arequite helpless, on the Delaware against
an enemy. One steamer may now come, un-
harmed,up the Delaware to Philadelphia and Cam-
den, and on their way may kindle all the barns
and dwelling-houses on both shores in flames.
With the war-speeches of giave and sedate Sena-
tors yet tingling in our ears, who will deny the
possibility of such an occurrence ? I feel and know
the necessity for such or other defenses, and I say
that it is time you redeemed your pledge to build
that fort. You received a good title for the land
upon the consideration that you should build a fort.
For five years you have been in possession,under
a good title, and for livelong years you have neg-
lected to fulfill your plighted word; and now, for
the first time, we come and ask that you would
fulfill your promise. We cannot compel—we en-
treat you, in the names of New Jersey and Dela-
ware—we appeal to you, in consequence of their
revolutionary services—in consequence of their
valuable and unflinching services in the formation
of the present Constitution. Your encouragement
of commerce, under that Constitution, has built up
on our borders large and wealthy cities, and has
annihilated our foreign commerce. With one of
the best sea-ports on the coast we have rio foreign
commerce. Your Treasury books will show that
with eighty thousand tons engaged in the coasting
trade, we have no foreign trade. This amount of
tonnage engaged in the roasting trade shows our
facilities for commerce; and yet, such has been the
result of your policy, as to make all our commercial
advantages inure to the benefit of other States.
Notwithstanding, we have submitted to this inev-
itable result without a murmur, and have sus-
tained the present Constitution with unfaltering
fidelity, as we aided m establishing it. Now, is it
too much for us to ask, by this amendment, that
you fufill the pledge which you made to build the
fort upon land granted to you for that purpose by
the State of Delaware?
Mr. BAYARD. I desire to make another re-
mark on the importance of having this fort erected.
The island, as I stated, contains about ninety
acres, and lies midway in the channel of the Dela-
ware, between the States of New Jersey and Del-
aware, and directly opposite the mouth of the
Chesapeake and Delaware canal. In the event of
a war, there being no defenses there, except the
slight ones at Fort Mifflin, forty-five miles above
it, the island could he tnken possession of by the
enemy; and if he did take possession of it and
cast up field-works, you would find it almost im-
possible to dislodge him. It is perfectly capable
of being made the residence of five thousand or ten
thousand men; and in the hands of an enemy you
would have no means of assailing it successfully,
for he could connect himself with his vessels and
have the means of harassing and utterly devasta-
ting both States, and also of attacking Pluladel-
phia.
J will mention the basis of the estimate. The
recommendation is that $200,000 can be most judi-
ciously expended. The wholeamount of the esti-
mate for the construction of the fort is $530,000;
and the reason why the sum named in the amend-
ment can be most judiciously expended arises
from the fact, as one of the engineers has slated,
that wherfev era work is to be constructed, thelart;er
the appropriation at the time the less proportion
the contingencies bear to it: and it is always
sound economy not to make too small a partial
appropriation.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and being
taken resulted—yeas 19, nays 16; as follows:
YFiAS—Me??rs Bayard, Boiland, Brodhftad, Dawson,
Oe Sau^ure, Dodco of Iowa, Fi-h, Geyer. Gwin, Jones, of
Iowa, Mrillory, MtJlcr, Penrcu, Pratt, Husk, Spruanco,
Stockton. Walker, and Wellei—19.
NAYS— Messrs. Biadbuty, Charlton, Clarke, Downs,
Feleii, Hale, Houston, Hunter. Mangum, Mason, Men-
wether, Morton, Not ri«., Smith, Underwood, and Wade--16.
So the amendment was agreed to.
No further amendment being proposed, the bill
was reported to the Senate as amended.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the question will he
taken on all the amendments together. I would
