1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1571
we had better let this bill lie over until to-morrow ">
and I am the more anxious to let it lie over for
this reason: We are pressed with regard to these
patent rights, and patentees, and patent laws. By
looking into a-bill which passed this body last
Thursday, I find that we passed an act which I
think no member of the Senate, or certainly not
more than one or two, would have been willing to
pass, if they had read it; and I desire to submit
to-day a motion to reconsider the vote passing
that bill, for this is the last day on which 1 can
make that motion. I think it is evident that we are
not in a state to pass this bill to-day. I therefore
move that it be laid on the table.
Mr. MILLER. I hope the Senator from New
Hampshire will withdraw that motion for a mo-
ment.
Mr. HALE. I withdraw it.
Mr. MILLER. I merely wish to say, that I
hope the question will be taken on this bill to-day.
This bill has passed through the ordeal of the
Senate once before. It passed this body at the
last session. We have spent now two or three
days upon it, and it is important that it should be
passed soon.
Mr. BAYARD Does the Senator say that the
bill, as it now is, passed the Senate at the last ses-
sion, or that it then contained the word " use?"
Mr. MILLER. It did not then contain that
word; but I am ready to take the question on
striking that out, and I hope we shall have the
question on the bill. While I am up, I wish to
ask the Senator from Virginia one question about
the right or privilege of obtaining patents in Can-
ada. Does he understand that a patent may be
renewed in Canada by anybody but a subject of
Great Britain ?
Mr. HUNTER. I understood distinctly that
a patent could not be renewed either in Canada or
in the mother country.
Mr. MILLER. That is precisely the case, as
I understand. A patent for this machine was
originally taken out in England, but it has expired
and cannot be renewed.
Mr. HUNTER. A patent can be renewed for
anything new, either in England or in the Prov-
inces.
Mr. MILLER. A patent for the machine for
cutting irregular figures was originally taken out
in England. That patent expired, and of course
cannot be renewed. I hope we shall have no
more debate on the subject, but shall take the
vote.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. One word in reply to the
new argument started by the Senators from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Hunter] and Michigan, [Mr. Felch.]
They seem to think that if you can obtain a pat-
ent for an American invention in a foreign coun-
try, it ought to be resorted to before giving ade-
quate protection here. I am against that doctrine
in toto. I never will consent to send an American
author or inventor into England, or Canada, or
France, or Africa, or Asia,and all over the world,
to get a patent before giving him the constitutional
right of protection to his writings and inventions
in our own country. In regard to many inven-
tions, if you put this duty, and impose this obli-
gation upon the inventor, you absolutely deprive
him of that right which the Constitution of the
United States intended to secure to him, and you
put upon him more trouble, in running over the
world to hunt patents to secure his invention and
to prevent the manufacturing of the articles abroad
than his invention is really worth in a pecuniary
point of view. I look upon it as degrading-to the
legislation of the country to impose any such duty
as this upon an American inventor before prop-
erly securing him at home. It is unquestionably
the law, that if an invention is made here and not
patented in England, Prance, or any other foreign
country, the people of the foreign country may
use it as they please. What we ask is, that when
they use it, and our citizens do not choose to take
out a patent there, you will prevent them from
bringing their productions, identical with those
patented here, in competition with the patentee
here. Under the Constitution of the United
States it is your duty to give protection at home.
I'therefore object, totally, to the ground started
now, upon which this bill is opposed.
I Slave a few words to add in regard to the
" use." If you strikeout that word, all along upon
the line, your bill will not be worth a picayune.
It will be worth nothing at all, because every man
on our side of the line, may go from within thirty
or forty miles with his carryall, and pack it with
productions manufactured on the other side of the
line, bring them here, and use them as much as
he pleases. He could do it in open defiance, in
daylight, intending at the time to go into the for-
eign territory, and bring the articles here and use
them, in violation of the rights of the patentee. If
he does it knowingly and designedly, and you can
bring the scientia home to him, he is a fraudulent
user of the article, in violation of the rights of the
patentee, and I am willing to punish him; but if
he has no such knowledge, if you cannot bring
the scientia home to him, you cannot touch him
under the bill; he is an innocent user of the thing,
and he is protected, and the only possible injury
he can sustain, the only conceivable injury you
can bring upon a citizen who innocently uses the
article is, that some individual may charge him
with doing it knowingly, and bring a suit against
him. Why, we are all liable to be sued without
cause for anything on earth. A man may bring
a suit for debt, for trespass, for anything without
the shadow of right; and that is the only thing
that can be said here—that you may charge an in-
dividual with having knowledge when he had not,
and sue him upon that charge. But that is not
likely, because the costs and expenses will ulti-
mately fall upon the patentee who brings the suit,
and it is not likely that he will institute a ground-
less action against any one. I think if you stiike
out the word " use," the bill is worth nothing, in
fact. I do not think I would vote for it, because
it would be doing injustice to the people who live
along the line, and who claim the right of prop-
erty m these inventions.
Mr. BORLAND. Mr. President, practically
I have very little knowledge of patents, and really
I have very little knowledge of the patent laws in
detail; but I think I do understand enough both of
patents and the patent laws to see that there is
one, and perhaps more than one, very important
principle involved in this bill. My opposition to
it is based altogether upon what I consider the
principles involved, without any regard to the de-
tails of its practical operation.
A few words, in the first place, as to what is
complained of here—as to the hardship which the
owners of this patent nowhave to suffer. Why, sir,
I learn, upon inquiry, that this patent was ori-
ginally obtained as far back as 1819, both in Eng-
land and the United States; that it has been re-
newed in the United States, at the Patent Office;
and then, when our general laws refused it a still
further extension, the owners of the patent came to
the Congress of the United States and obtained a
special act in 1848 for fourteen years' further ex-
tension, which grants them the right for ten years
to come. Then it seems to me, if any people
upon earth claiming the benefit of exclusive use
of their invention, have ever had cause to be satis-
fied with the legislation of Congress, these very per-
sons are the men. They have got the benefit of
a patent in England, and have got the full benefit
of two terms of the patent by our general laws in
the United States, and they are now enjoying the
third term in the United States, to the exclusion
of everybody else. And, sir, it is no answer to
this to say, that they have made no money out of
their patent. I hope it is not to be contended here,
as an argument in their favor, that we are bound
to guaranty them not only the exclusive use of
their invention, but also profits from it. If so, we
had better make a special appropriation out of the
Treasury, at once, of so many thousands of dol-
lars as they estimate the patent should be worth to
them. But this is not to the merits of the tase.
The main principle upon which 1 object to this
bill is, that it is special legislation, and very
limited and exclusive legislation. It does not
propose to put these persons upon the same foot-
ing with everybody else. It makes a special ex-
ception in their favor. The friends of the bill
even refuse to extend it further. The original
proposition here, as 1 understand it, is to limit
this bill to a particular kind of manufacture—to
give no other person protection. It was proposed
to be limited to articles made out of wood, as if
articles made out of'leather, or cloth, or metal, or
anything else, were not entitled to equal protection
with those made out of wood. The object, as I
understand it to be avowed by the advocates of
this bill, is to make it for the special and particu-
lar benefit of this particular patent. When I sug-
gested that we should make it general, and extend
it to all kinds of manufactures and manufacturers
in countries beyond the seas, as well as in adjacent
territories, I was answered that there was no ne-
cessity; that this is the only case in which there
has been an abuse. Why, sir, because this has
been so in the past, there is no reason why we
should assume that it is to be so in all time to
come. I object to any legislation which looks to
a particular case, unless it be impossible that an-
other case of that kind shall ever occur.
Sir, by special legislation in regard to patents,
and these temporary and temporizing modifications
of our patent laws, we have now got a system
which I venture to say no Senator will rise on
this floor, and assert that he understands. Ever
since I have had the honor of a seat in this body
the patent laws have been the subject of dispute,
and I have, rarely found any'one instance where
any two Senators agreed in the construction of
the laws. The patent laws have been so modified
to suit particular cases year after year, from the
very first patent law to the present time, that no
one can understand them. This, too, will add to
the compilation of our system of patent laws.
Now, so far as I have been able to look into them,
and inquire into their operation, they are mere
traps. They have actually created systems of
attorneyships and agencies, which stand like so
many hawks, ready to pounce upon and confuse
any man's mind when he has made an invention.
The Patent Office here is so fenced in now by this
horde of agents and attorneys that a simple indi-
vidual living in the country, making an invention,
cannot find approach to the Patent Office, except
through one of these, and by paying him a large
fee. To my mind, if we pass this bill, we start
a horde of patent missionaries throl^h this coun-
try, to hunt up and follow every article of man-
ufacture through the country, and institute suits
to fill our courts of justice with litigation; and
whether they protect the rights of the original pat-
entee or not, they take care to fill their own pock-
ets in the course of the operation. I deem it
proper to say, and I will say it on all occasions
when I see our lobbies here filled, as they are
now filled, or if not wholly full, occupied by at-
torneys and agents who are to be paid for this
operation, that they are boring and annoying the
Senate. Why,Ihavebeen called from my seathalf
a dozen (jmes by those who are to make _ profit
out of this thing. The original inventor, in my
opinion, has no interest in it. He may be broken
down, and his rights, if he ever had any, may
have passed into the hands of that very horde—
that lobby gang, who come here to bore and an-
noy the Senate, and occupy their time with legis-
lation, not for the support of any great principle,
not for any great public benefit, but to fill their
own pockets—mere harpies, who watch and are
constantly on the look-out for " the feast of rea-
son," (if I may so call it,) which fiow£ out from
the minds of the greaf inventors of our country,
trying to defile it with putting their sordid claws
upon it. That, sir, is my opinion of the effect of
this legislation, and the source from which it
sprung.
Now, as to the bill itself, and its provisions: it
seems to me if the object be to conform to the
proper principle in this case, and to give the right
sort of protection in the right direction, it would
simply place all inventors, whether they work in
wood or metals, leather or cloth, upon the same
footing by extending the protection which pat-
entees now have against the use and operation of
these machines, or all machines, within our ter-
ritory, to all the productions of such machines
which come in upon us from foreign countries.
As the Senator from Michigan has said, these
persons have now the same right to go to foreign
countries, that they have in our own, and obtain
patents. The individual from whose case this
bill has arisen has not, because he has exhausted
all principle, all patience, all propriety in his appli-
cations. Not content with getting the exclusive
use of his invention for a limited term as the Con-
stitution provides, he is for extending it into all
time. The Senator from New York read from
the Constitution that Congress had power, and
therefore it became our duty to give protection. I
admit it to be a duty—and one which I am always
ready to perform—to secure to inventors the ex-
clusive use of these inventions for a limited term
of years. Our general laws gave these parties a
