1&72
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 14,
patent for two terms. By a special law we have
gone further in this case. We have complied
with the requisition of the Constitution; we have
given the "exclusive right" to this individual,
and secured to him all the benefits which a rea-
sonable man of conscience could ask. I am will-
ing, and if I were familiar enough with our patent
laws to draw up an amendment to that effect, I
would propose to substitute for the first section
of the bill one simply giving to all inventors in
'the United States the same protection against the
use of their inventions in foreign countries, and
the importation of their products into the country
that we now give against citizens operating within
our own limits. For such a bill as that I would
be willing to vote, but never could think of voting
for the bill m its present form.
Mr. GEYER. Mr. President, the object of this
bill is doubtless a good one; but according to my
reading of it there are defects in it, which it will
be necessary to corrcct, or it will introduce more
mischiefs than will be remedied by it. The first
objection X have is to the word " use," introduced
on motion of the Senator from Kentucky. As
the bill now stands, any person who uses an arti-
cle manufactured by a machine patented in the
United States, if so manufactured m one of the
Provinces adjoining the United States, is to be
liable to an action. The honorable Senator from
Kentucky informs us that no person is likely to
sue unless he has a cause of action; and that there-
fore the community is perfectly secure against im-
provident actions being brought. I would inform
that honorable Senator, that as the patent laws
now stand they do not afford a guarantee to per-
sons against suits brought in courts of justice that
sit at but one point. Ordinarily a man is sued in
his own immediate neighborhood, and is subjected
to no great inconvenience in attending court. But
the patent laws, as they now stand, have been
made the means of levying black mail upon a very
considerable number of our citizens residing re-
mote from the seats of government of our States,
where the United States courts are generally held,
or in my own State from the city of St. Louis,
where the circuit court is held. The patentee will
commence his action—he does it upon calcula-
tion—against a person residing a great distance
from the place of holding the court. Ordinarily
these individuals do not understand our patent
laws, and they are obliged to consult some profes-
sional man, and they are put to 011 expense for
which they are not indemnified. Rather than do
that they will pay a small penulry. They prefer
doing that to litigation. 1 know that to have been
the case. Where men have been sued for the use
of patented articles, when they were told of the
expense to which they would be put, and the time
they would necessarily lose in attending court,
they said it would be better to compromise with
the man and pay him something. Now, if per-
sons who use manufactured articles are to be pro-
ceeded agmnst in our coui ts, a guarantee should
be afforded, so that when an action is to be brought
the patentee should be made responsible for all the
expenses to which the party who may be sued
shall be subjected, if a groundless action be
brought.
But, sir, there is another objection. It seems
to me that the bill has been framed with a view
rather of providing remedies for patentees than
guarding the rights of other parties now entitled
to protection. A machine that may be patented
in the United States, and a similar machine, or a
substantial modification of it may also be patented
in one of the Provinces, as Canada, for instance,
by the Crown of Great Britian; its owners may
manufacture an article and send it into the United
States; and if there is a patent here, whether of
earlier or later date, whether it is held by the
real inventor or not, the patentee here is to have,
according to this bill, a cause of action against all
persons who vend that article, and ali who use it.
Again: the patentee of a machine may sell the
machine itself; he may sell it to a man who lives
on the opposite side of the line—immediately ad-
joining the line, and the articles which are manu-
factured from that machine, if introduced into the
United States, according to this bill, subject the
vender, and the vendee, and the user to penalties.
The bill is broad enough to cover all these; for
it is not confined to the particular case mentioned
by the honorable Senator fron New Jersey. It
goes further; in all cases of patents, the patentee
may have a patent from the Crown of Great Brit-
ain, for the same machine; he may have a patent
in the United States, which he does not choose to
use at all; or he may use both. His right to re-
cover, according to this bill, will not depend upon
the existence of a patent in a foreign country, but
upon the fact of an article being manufactured by
\ the machine, or some substantial modification of
| the machine, of which he is the patentee here. It
j will be no defense, as this bill stands, to answer
| the patentee: "You either sold the machine by
: which it was manufactured, or you have a patent
j for it from a foreign Government—from the Gov.-
| ernment within whose jurisdiction it was manu-
; factured;" or that " the same machine is patented
j to a subject of the Crown of Great Britain, and
] there lawfully manufactured."
! Now, sir, it seems to me, that the bill ought to
; be guarded m these respects. We ought to have
; some guarantee that a man will come into court,
! when he does come at all, with clean hands, and
| not merely aver that he is the inventor of the ma-
i chine. In order that the remedy, in which some
i; of the Senators seem to be much interested, should
i be so guarded as to protect the rights of others, I
move that this bill be committed to the Committee
011 Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. HALE. I made a motion to lay this bill
on the table, but withdrew it at the request of the
Senator from New Jersey, [Mr. Miller.] I
supposed hp had some particular object in view.
I did not know, when I withdrew that motion,
that it would give rise to a wide debate, which I
see no prospect of ending. I rise now to make
an appeal to the Senate. On Wednesday last, we
passed a bill on the subject of patents. It has
j! gone to the House of Representatives. I find, on
j: inquiring of the President of the Senate, that it is
|j necessary, before a motion can bo submitted to
reconsider the vole by which it was passed, to ,
|j send a message to the House requesting them to
Ij return the bill; and I want to submit that motion,
ij If we do not do it to-day, the remedy is gone, and
jj we cannot make it again. 1 think there is not a
ii Senator who'will oppose it, when he understands
j{ the case. The facts are briefly these: There was
|j a law authorizing the chief clerk of the Patent
Office to act in the absence, or vacancy of the office
of the Commissioner, and it became doubtful
whether it was broad enough to cover patents J
issued by him; and they came here, I suppose,
with the intent that Congress should pass an act,
that patents issued by the chief clerk, in the ab- !
sencc of the Commissioner, should be as valid as 1
if signed by the Commissioner. That was the
end intended to be accomplished. Rut, instead of
that, the Senate passed a bill, that all patents
signed by the chief clerk should be valid in law,
without an£ qualification. It does not'say, as
valid as if signed by the Commissioner; but that
; i they shall be valid, no matter whether obtained by
l! fraud or not.
i! Mr. SEWARD. What are the words of the
j bill?
I Mr. HALE. It enacts " that all such acts of
i ' the chief clerk of the Patent Office and of the
| 5 Commissioner of Patents, shall be held and
| ' deemed valid and effectual in law." That is the
i whole sentence; not as valid and effectual as if
f signed by the Commissioner, but they shall be
| valid and effectual in law. I want to get that bill
; back from the House, for the purpose of recon-
tsidenng the vote on its passage; and I move, for i
: that purpose, to lay the bill now under considera-
j tion 011 the table.
! Mr. MILLER. That motion can be submitted
] when this bill is disposed of.
! Mr. HALE. Then the House may have ad-
| journed, and the opportunity may be lost.
1 Mr. BORLAND. The motion can be submit-
: ted by unanimous consent, without laying the bill
| on the table.
! The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
I the chair.) If no objection is made, the bill can
' be passed over informally until the motion is re-
ceived, and then be resumed.
No objection was made.
Mr. HALE. Then I submit thafollowing res-
olution:
Resolved, That a menace be sent to the House of Rep-
resentatives, requesting the return to the Senate of the bill
entitled " An act to amend an act entitled an act to promote
the progress of the useful arts, and to repeal all acts and
parts of aets heretofore made for that purpose," approved
July 4,1836; and, also, " An act to provide for additional
examiners in the Patent Office,and for other puposos,"
approved May 97,1848.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. I now move to reconsider the
vote by which that bill was passed.
The PRESIDENT. The bill will have to be
returned first to the Senate, before the vote can be
recpnsidered.
The consideration of the bill giving further rem-
edies to patentees, was resumed—the question be-
ing on the motion to commit it to the Committee
on Patents.
Mr. BRADBURY. The bill was reported
from the Committee on the Judiciary. The chair-
man of the Committee on Patents and the Patent
Office is not now in his seat, and he may be some
days absent. That would seem to be a sufficient
reason, if the bill is to be recommitted at all, that
it should be to the Committee on the Judiciary.
But I think that the Senator who made the mo-
tion will not, upon reflection, think it necessary to
insist upon it. He will find that the objections
which have passed across his mind can be ob-
viated by a very brief explanation. He antici-
pates that inconvenience may result, to an indi-
vidual who has a right to use a machine for the
manufacture of irregular forms upon the other side
of the line, having a patent there, because he
could not import Ins articles here. Now, if the
honorable Senator will recollect, when the right
to use a machine is sold, it is sold to be used
in a particular territory, and the right to use it
for manufacturing arti^es to supply the Canadas,
for instance, would not, fairly considered, justify
the abuse of undertaking to supply the whole
United States in consideration of the purchase of
the right to use it in a limited territory.
Again: the honorable Senator says that a patent
might be obtained from abroad; and that we would
prohibit the introduction of articles where a patent
existed. If the patent were granted, not to the ori-
ginal American patentee or assignee, but to a third
party, for the purpose of defrauding that patentee,
there would be an additional necessity for such a
law as we propose: for surely we would not con-
sent that a foreign Government should appropriate
to itself a machine of ours, and confer the right
to use it upon a citizen who had no claim to it, and
then allow the individual, without the claim, to
be protected in this country.
One other objection was adverted to by the hon-
orable Senator from Missouri, for whose opinions
I entertain great respect. Pie seemed to think that
there was not sufficient protection against innocent
persons being annoyed by suits. Now, there is
more than the ordinary protection in this case.
For, in the first place, the application in equity
must be verified by oath, setting forth the facts.
In the second place, the judge of the court must
be satisfied of the truth of all the facts alleged in
the application is issued before any process.
Ordinarily we.know that there is no such protec-
tion as this. Again, there is the further protection
that, upon a hearing, the patentee or assignee has
to make it appear satisfactorily that the individual
complained of purchased the article and used it in
known violation of the law.
The honorable Senator from Arkansas [Mr.
Borland] felt great horror lest harpies should fill
their pockets through the legislation of Congress.
I agree with the Senator in the feeling that they
should not; and, as I know, upon reflection, he
would not desire that those harpies should under-
take to appropriate the inventions of others to their
own use by passing over the line of our territory
into a contiguous foreign territory, with the senti-
ments he avowed he should be the last man who
would withhold any legislation necessary to pre-
vent such a fraud.
Mr. BORLAND. The honorable Senator does
not misunderstand my views on this subject. I
made the suggestion—which if those who will be
the beneficiaries of the bill were really in earnest
and desired no more than sufficient protection
against frauds, they would concur in—and I now
make the suggestion to the Senator, and I hope he
will adopt it, and then we will agree, as it seems
now we agree m the object to be accomplished, to
put these persons and all other patentees on the
same footing as regards persons operating across
the line in a foreign territory, as to protection
against invasion of their patents by our own citi-
zens.
Mr. BRADBURY. Then it is only a question
