1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
*573
of form, and the manner of accomplishing the
same object. I would suggest to the Senator that
experience has found that there is a necessity of
reaching an article used by a person knowingly
in violation of law, as already explained; but we
cannot protect the parties in cases of this kind by
leaving them to depend upon the action of foreign
Governments. The law of Great Britain relative
to the subject .has been adverted to. It appears
that after a patent has been granted.no extension
can be permitted, except upon petition to the
Q,ueen. If the Qtueen sees fit, she may refer the
petition to the Judiciary Committee of 4the Privy
Council; and if that Committee see fit, and the
Council adopt their report, the matter may then
be referred back to the Glueen, and she, if she
pleases, may grant a renewal of the patent. There
are so many contingencies, that the remedy would
be worthless; and I submit whether our citizens
should be left to the caprice of a foreign Govern-
ment. But, again, the extension in England could
not reach beyond seven years.
In the case which gave rise to this bill—and I
would remark that numerous petitions came in at
the last session of Congress, from every portion
of the country, setting forth the most glaring vio-
lation of the rights of patentees—I would beg
leave to say, that there were reasons which oper-
ated in granting the extension of the patent to
Mr. Blanehard, for the manufacture of irregular
forms. It is said he is now enjoying the benefit
of a second extension. That is true; but Con-
gress was satisfied that it was a case of great
merit, and that he had derived no benefit from the
patent. He had devoted his days and nights for
a long period of years to perfect his machinery;
and so perfect has he made it, and so important is
it, that he has reduced the manufacture of lasts
from a dollar to something less than a shilling. It
has taken years for him to accomplish this pur-
pose. Having satisfied Congress, as he did, and
as I have already shown by-the reeding of the
letter of the late Commissioner of Patents, that
he had derived little benefit from the Patent,
and had devoted his time to the perfection of his
machinery, the renewal was granted. The bene-
fit of that extension is now wrested from him by
the violators of the patent, who have passed over
to the Canadian territory; and they are the last
who ouj;ht to excite sympathy, or have any claim
for protection. I hope we will not allow the har-
pies who are attempting to wrest from theoriginal
proprietors the enjoyment of their just rights, to
succeed, and I think we should pass the bill with-
out recommitting it. But if the honorable Sen-
ator who made the motion persists in it, I think
he should modify it so as to send it to the com-
mittee from which it originally came.
The PRESIDENT. It is moved to recommit
the bill to the Committee on Patents and the Pat-
ent Office.
Mr. SEWARD. I hope the Senator from Mis-
souri will withdraw that motion, and allow it to
be referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. GEYER. I will withdraw the motion
cheerfully if the honorable Senator from New
York will agree to its reference to a special com-
mittee.
Mr. SEWARD. Very well. _
Mr. GEYER. That course will sufficiently
guard the bill. 1 think the Committee on the
Judiciary have already proved that they are not
familiar with the patent laws. ,
Mr. SEWARD. Very well. Let it be referred
to a special committee.
Several Senators. "Oh, no; no! There is no
necessity to refer it to a special committee.
Mr. MILLER. It is altogether unusual to com-
mit a bill of this kind to a special committee. Gen-
tlemen may talk about the Committee on the Judi-
ciary not having investigated this matter; but I can
tell them that it has already been investigated by
a committeee of the House of Representatives,
that a long report has been made upon the sub-
ject, and that it has been three times investigated
"by the Judiciary Committee of the Senate. Gen-
tlemen have moved various amendments, all oi
which are understood, and have been acted upon
by the Senate, and I think that, generally, the
Senate is prepared to act upon the bill. I do not
see any necessity for delaying the matter further
by recommitting the bill. I'he Committee on the
Judiciary are well acquainted with the patent
laws. They have had them before them, and with
a full knowledge of their import have prepared 1
this bill.
Mr. GEYER. I shall not insist on the motion
to recommit the bill to a special committee, as it
is not usual to raise select committees to which to
refer bills of this kind. I will, therefore, renew
the motion to refer it to the Committee on Patents
and the Patent Office.
Mr. STOCKTON. Mr. President, I do not
wish to prolong this discussion. I do not rise to
debate the merits of this bill, now before the Sen- j
ate. I am. perfectly satisfied with what I have
heard on the subject, and design to vote for it. j
But, sir, I rise to say a single word to my friend, j
the Senator from Arkansas, [Mr. Borland,] in j
relation to the denunciations which he has seen fit ]
to pass on those whom he terms " lobby mem- I
bers,"or borers. How just his denunciations;
may be, or how applicable to those who have dis-
turbed that Senator by calling him from his seat,
I, of course, do not know, and shall say nothing
in relation thereto; but I must say to him that
those persons from the State of New Jersey, who
have been explaining this measure, outside of the
Senate, to me and to those who, like me, were
willing to be informed by them, are among my
most respected and valued constituents, and among
the most useful and respectable citizens of the !
State of New Jersey . He may rely upon this, I
that any representation made by them to him or I
to any one, will be made in all honesty and truth;
and that they have no designs other than those i
manifested on the face of the bill; namely, the pro- ;
tection of the patentee, who has been but, poorly
remunerated for his great and beneficial services
to society. I hope that the Senator will be satis-
fied that he is in no danger from those gentlemen
 my constituents—and that he will give them his j
kind consideration, either in or out of the Senate, ]
because they are in every way entitled to the most j
respectful confidence. . 1
Mr. BORLAND. The remarks 1 made in
reference to those whom I designated as " borers,"
and whom I regard as a great nuisance to the
Senate, had no application to individuals. Whetner
they are citizens of the State of New Jersey, I am ;
unable to say. I did not know their names, and ,
I do not know them now; therefore, the testimony 1
that the Senator from New Jersey [Mr. Stock-
ton] bears to their high and respectable character,
I assume to be well deserved, and have no dispo-
sition to controvert. I was speaking of a practice
which has grown up, and of which I am not the
only one to complain. With the agents, or attor-
neys of patentees, or persons who are to be the
beneficiaries of special legislation, I have nothing
further to do, than to remark that the evil has
grown up from the practice of their coming here,
as I have already shown; and I have spoken of
that practice in terms of condemnation to-day, as
I have always done. I did it, if I may be permit-
ted to say so, more with a view to my own pro-
tection in future, than from a hop© that any benefit
would be conferred on the country. I am free to
admit that 1 have been greatly interrupted and
interfered with, and that my time, which belongs
to my constituents, and which I am anxious to
devote to their welfare, has been greatly interfered
with by this class of persons. Who they are, 1
know not; I only know that the practice is a source
of great annoyance, which I desire to get rid of,
and of which I hope that the Senate will get rid.
I think it constitutes a very great objection to spe-
cial legislation for companies and patentees; I
mean the very serious evils brought on us by this
consumption of time. Whether the influence
which they seek to bring to bear on us ha.ve any
effect or not, I think it is a great evil, and has a
bad appearance before the country. I hope we
shall be freed from it. It is almost sufficient to
defeat any bill specially legislating for the benefit
of individuals. It not only, in my opinion, vio-
lates a great principle, but it renders necessary
a large consumption of time, and places the ^en-
ate in a position before the country, which is any-
thing but pleasant.
Mr. MALLORY. I trust the motion to reier
this bill to the Committee on Patents and the Pat-
ent Office, will not prevail. I am m favor of re-
committing the bill, but not to a new committee,
unless some substantial reason can be flv™ tor
withdrawing it from the consideration of tne_ Com-
mittee on the Judiciary. Such a' recommitment
iS unusual, and an inference unfavorable to ate
Committee on the Judiciary might be drawn from
its recommitment to any other committee. The
Committee on the Judiciary have enjoyed the ad-
vantage of hearing the objections which Have been
urged against this bill; and.if it is recommitted to
that committee, they will confine their attention to
these objections, and endeavor so to modify the
bill as to obviate them if they should be of opinion
that they have weight. Unless, therefore, 1- can
have some good reason assigned for withdrawing
it from that committee, it strikes me that that
course would not be treating that committee with
the courtesy which it ought to receive at the hands
of this body.
The PRESIDENT. The motion is to refer the
bill to the Committee on Patents and the Patent
Office.
Mr. MALLORY. I move to amend the motion
by striking out the words " Committee on Patents
and the Patent Office," tad inserting the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary,
The PRESIDENT. That amendment cannot
be made. The Committee on the Judiciary is one
of the Standing Committees of the Senate, and
the proposition cannot be amended by a motion to
refer to another commitee. The question must be
taken on the motion as proposed, which is to re-
fer the bill to the Committee on Patents and the
Patent Office.
Mr. HAMLIN. Vote it down.
The question was taken, and the motion to re-
fer the bill to the Committee on Patents and the
Patent Office was not agreed to.
Mr. MALLORY. 1 now move to recommit
the bill to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. SEWARD. I suggested that motion, b t
I shall vote against it, because I think the bill is
as perfect as it can Joe made now. The Sen-
ator from Arkansas thinks that the public time is
misspent in the discussion of this, which is a pri-
vate matter. I have only to say on that subject,
that the Constitution of the United States devolves
upon Congress the passage of such laws as will
protect private citizens in the enjoyment of the
fruits of their own genius and intellectual labor;
and if the laws we have are—as we know they
are defective, we only perform a constitutional
duty in making them adequate to that purpose.
And there is no interest of society so important,
no constitutional duty so obligatory upon Con-
gress as that of protecting the rights of every in-
dividual citizen. All other interests will take care
of themselves if the rights of property, which
Government undertakes to protect and secure, are
held sacred and inviolable.
Mr. BORLAND. I did not intend to say an-
other word, but the remarks of the Senator from
New York [Mr. Seward] have gratified me so
much that I cannot refrain from adding a word or
two in relation to them. I feel rejoiced _ Mr.
President, and the country, too, ought to rejoice,
that the Senator from New York has announced
to the Senate and the country that he regards the
obligation of Congress, under the Constitution, to
pass laws to secure the rights of property to the
citizen. Sir, that announcement from that Sen-
ator is, in my opinion, most important to the Sen-
ate of the United States and the country at large.
I do hope that we shall have good fruits from it
in time to come. I am rejoiced to hear that the
Constitution is upheld by that Senator upon the
floor of the Senate, as the highest law, above
which there can be no higher, and that we owe an
obligation, by the oath which we have taken at
that desk to sustain it as the supreme law of the
land above all others. .
Sir, I have no more to say upon that subject,
but I will repeat what I suppose the Senator did
not hear me say a little while ago in support of
the position which I took in reference_ to this
hill, that we had complied with the requirements
of the Constitution in this case by the patentee
first obtaining his patent for his regular time, and
then bv giving him an extension of it; and men
an extension of it again which has yet ten years
to run. I say, therefore, that m thismstance our
constitutional duty has been already performed.
The question was then taken on the motion to
recommit the bill to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, and it was found that there was no quorum
V°Mi\ BORLAND. I move that the Senate ad-
Mr. WALKER. I move a call of the Senate.
