18,52.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
*>61
It is suggested to me by gentlemen around me,
in whose knowledge of the rules 1 have confidence,
that the motion to reconsider may be called up at
any time; and I hope,, therefore, there will be no
objection to it.s bein^ cailed up now.
Air. STEPHENS, of Georgia. The difficulty
is, that if that motion should prevail, the bill, as it
contains an appropriation, must go to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
again. But the proper course would be to move
to suspend the rules, in order to entertain amotion
io discluuge the Committee of the Whole on the
state of die Union from the farther consideration
of the bill. If two thirds vote for that motion,
we can then pass the bill.
The SPEAKER,. The Chair thinks the object
could be attained by either mode, but as the mo-
tion io reconsider is! pending, it would be more
regular to dispose of that motion.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If the gentleman
from \Tissouri will, with the unanimous consent
of the House, withdraw his motion to reconsider,
ho can then move to discharge the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union from the
further consideration of the bill.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection that the
motion to reconsider be taken up?
Mr. ECliVGf, of New York, objected.
Mr. PI-3 KLPS, 1 move, then, to suspend the
rules.
The SPEAKER. For what purpose?
Mr. PHELPS. Feu- the purpose of submitting
a motion to discharge the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union born the further consid-
eration of the bill.
Mi. JONES, of Tennessee. Is that motion de-
batable :
The SPEAKER. It is not. j
Air. JONES Well; that motion ought not to i
be agreed to. i!
Mr. KING, of New York. In order to under- i!
stand Uii:< question, 1 wish to know if the bill !
does not make an appropriation of money, and is 1
not, theicfore, required by the rules of the House
to be considered m committee? !,
Mr. JOHNSON,of Arkansas. One more ques- j:
lion. Li* uicler, if possible, to render this matter a |'
little plainer. I understand that the biil has been j
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the p
•-Uate of the Union, and that a motion has been
submitted to reconsider the vote by which it was j
so vefe; i'd; nevertheless, it has been referred to ;
the committee, and if we now discharge the com- |
nnUee, we shall supersede the motion to reconsid- j
ei* 1 hope, therefore, that the motion to suspend 1
the rules will prevail. j
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, called for the read- >
mg of the bill. :
The Cleik read the bdl. !|
Mr. JONES. I should like to inquire of some ji
^ent'eman who knows, what is the amount of ap-
propnatton involved in this hill? >1
7'he SPFAKER. Debate is not in order. |i
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. I rise to a ques- |j
lion of order. This bill has, by a \ote of the ji
Ho"se, been referred to the Committee of the ji
Whole on the state of the Union. I understand j'
the gentleman from Missoun [Mr. Phelps] now >1
makes a motion to reconsider the vote by winch i,
(he bill was so referred. Now, while that motion
ir> pending, the bill does not go to the committee. 1:
U cannot go there until the motion to reconsider !;
has been disposed of. Now, I ask, is it compe-1'
rent for the House to discharge the Committee of);
the Whole from the consideration of a bill which ;i
has not 2"o;.e to thru committee at all? I think iti!
is not.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opinion '
*hat ii competent for the House to suspend the :
rules for that purpose. ;
Mi. JORNbO:
the nght to ac-y a
thio mo.ion. J:
The SPEAKER. The Chair would hear the.'
gentleman with the greatest pleasure, if it be not |(
objected to. j!
Mr. JOHNSON. What I have to say ss this: ii
when the bill was referred to the Committee of the j'
Whole on the state of the Union, according to the
practice of the House hitherto, such reference con- \ \
stituteci a fulfillment of the rule: therefore a motion j
made subsequently to take it out of committee, ;
does not interfere with the requirement of the rule, \
no matter whether the bill has been up foi discus- 1
.* Arkansas. I think I have
^!e word in explanation of
! sion or not. I think, therefore, that it is perfectly
j competent for the House to suspend the rules and
| take up this bill for consideration. It is true; a
! xn#tion ha# been made to reconsider, but I sug-
! gest-—
j Mr. PHELPS. I will obviate that difficulty.
| Mr. JOHNSON. If the gentlemen submits
j the motion to discharge the Committee of the Whole
I on the state of the Union from the further consid-
! eration of this bill, that motion will supersede the
j motion to rcconsider.
I Mr. PHELPS. I propose to obviate the difli-
! culty winch has been suggested in relation to this
i reconsideration. Withthepermissionof the House
I will withdraw the motion to reconsider.
' Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I will suggest
i to the gentleman before he withdraws his motion
: to reconsider, that he so modify his present mo-
; tioii as to make it a motion to suspend the rules
, to bring the bill before the House for considera-
tion, and that he do not withdraw the motion to
reconsider.
i Air. PHELPS. I prefer, with the permission
[ of the House, to withdraw the motion to recon-
; sider, and to move that the committee be discharged
, from the further consideration of the bill, and that
i the House do now proceed to its consideration.
There was no objection, and the motion to it- ,
| consider was withdrawn. j
t Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. I rise to this ,
| question of order: I think it was decided the other !
day that the Committee of the Whole on the state i
of the Union could not be discharged from the !
consideration of a subject until the committee had !
first had that subject under consideration. i
Mr. CL1NG-M AN. Oh, no; there was no such
decision.
Mr. HARRIS. I understand that such has 1
been the practice of the House, and the decision
of the House.
The SPEAKER. It was decided by the House
that debate could not be closed upon a propreRtion <
in Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, until it had been tust considered m that
committee; but the Chair is not aw.uv or' any 1
decision that the House could not dischuige limt
committee from ihe farther consideration o' a sub-
ject, before it had been under consideration m •
committee.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 ask for the read- '
ing of the 133d rule. |
It was read by the Clerk, as follows: I
All proceedings touching appropriations of luoiirj shall ,
fllat t>U <il-OU:.oOcl 111 Co'lHIUtU'C 0( tilt' VVIloU' lluiW;.''
Air. JONES. This bill has not been discussed j
in Committee of tiie Whole House at ail, and
therefore, according to the rule which has been just j
read, no other disposition can be made of it until I
it has been first discussed there.
Air. STEPHENS, of Ueorguu That is the ,
very rule which we want to suspend.
The SPEAKER. The Chair dcudea that it is i
competent for the House to suspend that as wella« !
any other rule. The question is, Shall the rules be
suspended in order to enable the gentleman from '
Missouri [Mr. Phups] to ssubuut ins motion ?
.Mr. JONES. Upon that motion I demand the ■
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken, and the result
was—yeas 129, nays 44, as follows:
YE At4 —Messrs. Abejcroinbie, Willie Allen, John Apple
ton, William Applcton, David J. Bailey, l'lionm- M. Kaylv,
Uairerc, Uartlrtt, Heale, J.dl, Bieckenridgc, Btiggs, Albtrt
G. Brown, Burrows, Busby, K. Carrm«tonCabell, Thomp-
sonCampbeil,Chandler, Cha>Uun, Chngmau, Conger, Cur-
ti&j Daniel,GeorgeT. Davis, Dawson, Dt-an, Disney, Dock- 1
ery, Doty, Duncan, Eastman, fldiiiuiid&oiu fivan?, Fau'k-
ncr, Ficklut, Fitch, Floience, Ilctny Fulle:, Thomas J.
D. Fuller, Gamble. Gentry, (Jiddiiig^, Gihn'>ii>, Gorman.
Green, Grey, Grow, Hall, Harpur, Uaw>. Hawaii, Haven,
Hem, lior.-lord, John \V. Howe, higeisoli, Jackson, John ,
Johnson, Robert V\7. Johnson, Daruol 7'. Jono, S. Gl.mcy
Jones, Kiilin.-, Kurtz, Landry. Letjher, Humphrey Mar-
shall, McC'orkle, McDonald, MeLanalian. McMuilm, Mc ,
jVair, Meacham, Meade, Millet. Henry D. Moore, John
Mooic, .Morehead, Minusun, .Muijuiv. Mmnu, Antler-.
Newton, Old.-, Outlaw. Pea^lee, IVnmman, Phelps, Polk, ,
Poiter. Powell, Price, itantoul, lliebaulson, Robbing, Robie,
Sackett, Schenneihorn, Schoolcraft, tfchooumaker, Scuriy. 1
Da\ul L>■ Sewuour, Origcn rf, Seymoui, Smart, Smith,
Know, Stanly, Benjamin Stanton, Richard U. Stanton, Alex-
ander II. Su-piieiw, TliaddousSteven-. £t. Mai bn, Straton,
Stioth«r. Sutherland,Tajloi, i3 mjaiiim Tbompson, Thiu-s-
to.i, Vejiable, Walbridge, Ward, Washburn, Watkms,
Welch, Vv'ull.^, Add-on White, Alc\andei WlnU-, Wilcw,
William:, and Yates—129.
i\AV^—Messrs. Avcictt, Iiobcock,John U. Hoyd.
ion, Joseph Cable, Cat urn , Ca-kie, Chapman. (Jimn-hw ell,
Clark. Gobb, John G, Davj?, Durkec. Edputon, 1'owier.
, Gaylord, Goodcnovv. Hammond, Isliaui G. Harris, ftart,
: Hebard, Hendncks, Hibbard, Thomas Y. How^ Jenkins,
' And. Johnson, Jas. Johnson, G. W. Jones, Preston King,
: J^ockliart, Mace, Maeon, McQueen, Molony, Orr, Andrew
Parker, Perkins, Skeiton, Stuart, George W. Thompson,
Townshend, Wallace, Wildnek,and Woodward—44.
. So the rules were suspended.
| Mr. PHELPS. I now submit my motion, that
' the Committee of the Whole be discharged from
j the further consideration of the bill which I have
indicated, and that the House do proceed to the
I consideration of that bill; and upon that motion I
i; demand the previous question.
The House was divided upon seconding the
demand for the previous question, and there were
—ayes 85, noes 42.
So the previous question was seconded; and
The main question was then ordered.
The question was taken, and the committee was
• discharged from the further consideration of the
bill—ayes 98, noes 40.
Mr. PHELPS. The bill is, 1 believe, now be-
! fore the House for consideration.
The SPEAKER. The question is upon order-
' ing- it to a third reading.
; Mr. PHELPS. I desire to say a word or two
i in explanation of the bill.
Several Members. Move the previous question,
i Mr. PHELPS. Very well; J move the pre-
; vious question upon ordering the bill to be read a
; thiid time.
i [Cries of " (Question !" " Question !")
' Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to lay the
bill upon the table.
j The question was taken, and the House refused
' to lay the bill upon the table.
The previous question was then seconded, and
the main question ordered to be put.
The bill was then ordered to a third reading.
The bill, being a bill for the relief of Lieutenant y
Colonel Mitchell, of Missouri, was read through. Ar
1 Mr. PTiELPS said: Mi. Speaker, I now desire
i to say a few words m explanation of the bill.
[Cries of No!" <( No l"} Move the previous
question !"]
Mr. PHELPS. The question has been asked
how it is that this amount has been increased from
$30,000 to £100,000. In reply to that question, 1
will say that Mr. Harmony iirst presented his
claim to the 1 louse of Representatives, upon which
a favorable report was made, lie presented in his
memorial evidence that property of his, to the
amouni of some ^0,000, had been taken by Col-
onel Mitchell under the command of his superior
otTicn—Colonel Doniphan. But finding that his
claim met with no quarter m Congress, or at least
that his prospects were not very flattering; and
finding Colonel Mitchell—who is a resident of the
State of Missouri—m the city of New York, in-
stituted a suit against him in the district court of
the United States for the southern district of New
York. Colonel Mitchell informed the Secretary
of the Treasury that a suit had been commenced
against him, and also informed him of the evidence
necessary to defend the case. The Solicitor of the
Treasury examined the case, and the district at-
torney for that, district was ordered to defend the
case Colonel Mitchell also employed an attorney
to aid in the defence of the case. A trial was had,
and judgment to the amount of some §95,000 was
obtained against him. But the plaintiff had no
means of satisfying that judgment, because Colo-
nel Mitchell had no property under the jurisdiction
of that court. A tianscnpt of the judgment was
theiefore taken to Missouri, and a suit commenced
m the county where Mitchell resided, and a judg-
ment has been obtained against him for one hun-
dred and odd thousand dollars, and the execution
placed m the hands of an officer, to be levied upon
Mitchell's property.
It is, perhaps, unfortunate for Mitchell, that he
| is able to meet tnis execution. I say it is unfor-
tunate, because if Congress refused to afford him
■ relief, his property will ha\e to be sacrificed, and
. he will then have a just claim upon Congress to
indemnify him for the consequences of having
: obeyed the orders of his superior military officer,
i and that in defence of his country.
Mr. CLiNG-MAN. I desire to ask the gentle-
, man if it be true, as was stated ihe other day, that
, Governor Marcy was employed as counsel for the
defence in the smV
Mr. PHELPS. Governor Marcy was Secre-
tary of SV'ar at the i«me the property was taken
I bv" order of Colonel Doniphan. He was em-
