1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2437
ferred to analogous to the one presented for the
consideration of the Senate?
Mr. MORTON. I beg leave to say a word in
reply to the honorable Senator from Maryland.
The act of 1836, as I said before, provided that
the troops engaged in the suppression of Indian
hostilities in Florida should be paid as infantry.
I think that the Comptroller of the Treasury made
an error in applying this act to the payment of
troops called out in 1849. I think the act of 1836
had expired; or, at all events, the act of 1851,
expressly provided that Florida should be reim-
bursed the money which she had paid, and the
obligations which she had entered into for the sup-
pression of the Indian outbreak in 1849. I think,
therefore, with due deference to the opinion of the
Comptroller, that he erred in making the act of
1836, which applied to the payment of troops en-
gaged in 1836, applicable to the troops engaged in
1849, and paid under the act of 18~>1.
Mr. DAWSON. I will answer the interroga-
tory of the Senator from Maryland. Georgia ad-
vanced money to pay her troops at the rate of
eight dollars per month, or one dollar per month
more than the Government of the United States
authorized her to pay. When Georgia called upon
the Federal Government to reimburse her for the
amount of money which she had paid, the United
States fell short one dollar per month. But an
amendment has been adopted to-day, on this bill,
which provides that Georgia shall be reimbursed
at the rate of eight dollars per month—the amount
which she paid.
Mr. PRATT. Then, that amendment ought
to be reconsidered, or this ought to be passed.
Mr. BRIGHT. It is proper that I whould say,
in justification of my objection to this claim, that
the refusal of the Committee on Military Affairs
to recommend it, is a sufficient objection to my
mind to vote against it. Under the rule, unless a
claim be estimated for or recommended by some
standing committee of this body, it is not "proper
to place it upon a general appropriation bill. I
am aware that the rule has been departed from in
every appropriation bill that we have thus far con-
sidered. It is a very thankless task to oppose
claims of this character, and I expect that I shall
do much less in future than I have in times past
in regard to them.
Mr. Slli ELOS. My honorable friend shows
that he is a great friend of economy. In this par-
ticular instance, he exhibits a very remarkable
zeal. The Committee on Military Affairs did
reject the claim when it came in originally, but
since then the committee have reexamined the
matter, and now they place this claim precisely
where they have placed all the others, and have
done for Florida what they have done for the other
States—no more, and no less.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DOWNS. I now renew the amendment
which I offered, and which was rejected by the
Senate as in Committee of the Whole. It is to
insert:
" For continuing the topographical and hvdrographical
purvey of the delta of the Mississippi, with such investiga-
tions as may lead to determining the mo?t practicable plan
for securing it from inundation, £50*000.v
I will state, in addition to what 1 said before,
that this amendment is offered in pursuance of a
recommendation of the head of the War Depart-
ment; that it is necessary to carry out the work
which has already been commenced, and that, in
fact, the $50,000 already expended will be, in a
great degree, useless if this additional appropria-
tion be not made.
I wish to call the attention of the Senate to the
fact, that this appropriation, originally, was made
to guard against no ordinary evil. It was not to
provide for an ordinaly case. For nearly the
half centuiy that Louisiana has been in theUnion,
we have never asked any appropriation for this
purpose. It was only after the sales of Govern-
ment land extended up the Mississippi river, and
the consequent extension of the levees, that, from
some cause, in the years 1849, 1850, and 1851, a
state of things was produced which never had
existed before. There was a general inundation
then of a large portion of this country. That
which had been supposed to be reclaimed before
was not free from it. From the very commence-
ment of the settlements on the Mississippi, the
citizens there, without the aid of the Government,
had carried on this levee system, and had, to a
great extent, protected their country out of the
lands thus reclaimed by the State. The people
themselves leveed their own lands. Your records
show that the United States have received some
$2,000,000 from the sales of lands thus reclaimed,
without spending a dollar for their reclamation.
You will recollect, Mr. President, that in 1849
so great was this calamity that almost one half of
.New.Orleans itself was overflowed. Under these
circumstances, everybody admitted the necessity
of doing something. The researches of science
had not then, and they have not yet, pointed out
the most effectual way. Different ideas have been
suggested; but it has been concurred in by every-
body that the ablest engineers that could be de-
tailed by the Government, should be appointed
for the purpose of making surveys of this delta,
and, if possible, to solve the problem whether
these inundations could be prevented, and if so,
the best way of doing it. Engineers differed in
opinion. Many of the most experienced enter-
tained ('liferent views. Some preferred raising the
levees, and stopping the water's running out.
Others have supposed that the only effective way
would be to change the system, and open new
outlets instead of extending the levees. This js
a matter of life and death, not only to Louisiana,
but to a large portion of Arkansas, Missouri, and
Mississippi.
The first board of engineers appointed made a
general reconnoissance. They took a view of the
river from near St. Louis extending down to the
Gulf. They saw the vast extent of the work, and
the great difficulties which were experienced. This
enabled them to suggest the points of investiga-
tion. They concurred in making the preliminary
report. The board was regularly organized, and
the surveys were commenced. They have made
progress m that work, but it is far from being
completed. They have not even gone far enough
yet to give a definite opinion as to the best modes
in which works should be commenced.
The United States have made a large donation
of these overflowed and swamp lands to Louisiana
and other States, for the purpose of preventing in-
undation. They have already appropriated to
Louisiana some 8,000,000 acres, which are now
at the disposition of the State authorities. The
State has, as yet, adopted no definitive plan for
their reclamation, because these surveys have not
been completed, and no man can yet indicate the
best mode of improvement.
I ask, under these circumstances, whether it is
not reasonable that this amount should be appro-
priated ? This is a question of great importance.
The United States are greatly interested in it, be-
cause they have a vast quantity of public lands to
be benefited. The improvement of this delta is
very important to nearly all the commerce of the
Union. These inundations are dangerous to all
the commerce connected with New Orleans. In
regard to a subject of so much interest, when a
system has already been commenced, it seems to
me that it would really be a hard measure of jus-
tice to Louisiana, Mississippi, and all the other
States interested, to stop in the midst of the work
in this way. I have not been unreasonable. This
is the only amendment that I have offered to this
or any other appropriation bill for Louisiana, or
that section in which I am interested. I have let
these bil's take their course. But, sir, this is a
question of life and death with my constituents.
A large portion of the finest agricultural lands in
the world in Louisiana is liable to be overflowed
every year, and a great deal of it has been over-
flowed for three successive years. We wish to
see whether it is not possible to enable us to avoid
it. Is it not reasonable that the attempt should
be made? The United States have undertaken
the work, and now will they refuse to carry it on?
Will they break down in the midst of it? I hope
the Senate will agree to the amendment.
Mr. RUSK. This is a very important matter.
It is proposed now to continue this work which
has been begun by the United States. It is deeply
interesting, to be sure, to the citizens of New
Orleans; but it is not only interesting to them,
but to the whole valley of the Mississippi, and to
the whole country. The overflows on the lower
part of the Mississippi threaten not only to sub-
merge a large extent of country of the most valu-
able lands in the United States, but also to take
down some of the bayous there, and block up or
injure, or perhaps destroy, the only port which
the great valley of the Mississippi has. Under
these circumstances, it is a matter of vast import-
ance that the United States should go on with this
work, to see whether some plans may not be
adopted by which these inundations may be pre-
vented. If some plan can be devised, immense
benefits will result not only to the Stnte of Lou-
isiana, but to the valley of the Mississippi, and to
the commerce of the whole country. The small
expenditure asked is a mere drop in the bucket,
compared with the great interests to be promoted
by it.
Mr. SO (JLE. It will be expected that I should
say something in connection with this amendment.
I originated the measure two years ago, when an
appropriation of §50,000 was made for the purpose
of effecting this survey. Will not the Senate con-
sider that, having gone into that investigation
already, having begun such an important work,
they are committed to see it out? Why, it must
strike every member of this body that unless the
appropriation which is required, in order to enable
the Department to carry out that great survey,be
made, the expenditure already incurred will be a
total loss. Under such circumstances, the Sen-
ate, considering that they have already committed
themselves by the original and initiatory apnro-
pnation, cannot, with propriety, recede from what
they have done, but must carry out what they
have begun. In other words, the fate of this
amendment will decide the question whether or
not the $50,000 already spent shall be squandered
to no purpose. If that be the meaning of the
Senate, then this amendment should be voted
down; but if, on the contrary, the interest of the
country, and the good faith with which the Gov-
ernmentshould prosecute every undertaking, when
once gone into, should be sufficient considerations
for granting the appropriation which is asked. I
can hardly conceive of any reason which would
induce any Senator to vote against the amendment
of my colleague.
Mr. HUNTER. It seems to me that the river
and harbor bill was the proper place for this pro-
vision. This bill should be confined to appropria-
tions for the Army, and that was the reason why
I would not vote upon it a scheme for fortifica-
tions, for they belong to another class of appro-
priation bills. I wish to keep the bill clear of all
extraneous matter. But I am so anxious to get
to a vote, that I will make no argument upon the
subject.
Mr. DOWNS. The first appropriation for this
object was made in the civil and diplomatic appro-
priation bill. I consulted with the chairman of
the Committee on Military Affairs in reference to
this amendment, and it was at his suggestion that
I proposed to put it on this bill in preference to
any other. The work is being done under the
direction of military officers, and, therefore, no
place seems so appropriate as the Army appropri-
i ation bill. I call for the yeas and nays upon my
| amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 28, nays 19; as follows:
! YEAS—Messrs. Badger, Borland, Bright, Brooke, Charl-
j ton, Chase, Dawson, Dp Saussure, Dodge of Iowa, Doug-
I la5*, Downs, Felch, Fish, Geyer, Gwin, Hamlin, James,
j Jones of Iowa,Mallory, Meriwether,Morton, Pearce, Pratt,
; Rusk, Shields, Soul6, Sumner, and Weller—28.
1 NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Bradbury, Brodhead, Clarke,
■ Davis, Foot, Hale, Houston, Hunter, Mangum, Mason,
! Miller, Seward, Spruance, Stockton, Toucey. Underwood,
j Wade, and Walker—19.
' So the amendment was agreed to.
The amendments were then ordered to be en-
1 grossed, and the bill to be rtfad a third time; and
, the amendments having been engrossed, the bill
i was read a third time, and passed.
1 INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
; Mr. GWIN. Mr. President, the Committee of
Conference appointed on the Indian appropriation
bill to meet a similar committee of the House of
Representatives, have instructed me to report the
result of their deliberations to the Senate, which h,
l that the Senate recede from their amendments to
that bill which have been disagreed to by the
! House. In making this motion, Mr. President, \
S must be permitted to express the mortification
] which I experienced at the ignorance displayed by
! tho-se who represented the other House on this
j committee ofthesubject-matter of our discussions—
, an ign^rir. ihut I faar, if permitted to rule the
! proceedings cf that House, will prove disastrous
