662
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
ployed by Harmony in the prosecution of the suit
against Colonel Mitchell. Colonel Mitchell em-
ployed a man by the name of Alonzo B. Achan
I believe- Mr. Sheppard was the district attor-
ney for that district at that time, and was directed
by the Government of the United States to defend
the suit.
[Cries of " Gtuestion!" "Question!"]
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Can the gentleman
from Missouri [Mr. Phelps] state whether there is
not a suit pending in the Supreme Court, in the
lower story of this building, in regard to this mat-
ter; and if so, whether that decision may not be
reversed, and Colonel Mitchell released from the
judgment now pending against him? I under-
stand that the case is pending in the Supreme
Court, brought there by a writ of error from the
court at St. Louis.
Mr. PHELPS. I understand that during the
progress of that trial in the court in New York,
exceptions were taken to the ruling of that court.
The case was then presented to Mr. Crittenden,
Attorney General,and his advice taken in relation
thereto. He advised against the prosecution of
the appeal to the Supreme Court of the United
States. Such, I understand, are the facts in refer-
ence to that matter, and consequently no appeal
is pending in the Supreme Court of the United
States.
[Cries of " Question !" " Question !" from all
parts of the Hall.]
Mr. JOHNSON, of Georgia. I desire to be
informed what amount of property was taken by
the Government of the United States from Har-
mony? r
Mr. PHELPS. The judgment of the court will |
be a sufficient answer to that. I hold here in my i
hands thereportmadeby the Committee of Claims,
k at the first session of the Thirtieth Congress, and
I from this document it appears that Mr. Harmony
proved before that committee that property to the
amount of more than $60,000 was seized by Colo-
nel Mitchell, and taken into his possession.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would ask my
friend from Missouri [Mr. Phelps] if he did
not in the Thirtieth Congress, with that report
before him, in concert with his colleague from
Missouri, [Mr. Bgjvlin,] oppose the bill for the
relief of Harmony?
Mr. PHELPS. I will inform the gentleman of
the course I pursued on that occasion. I did op-
pose the bill for the relief of Harmony. I enter-
tained the opinion that he was not entitled to the
amount of relief which he demanded. I waa sat-
isfied that he was entitled to something, but the
exact amount I could not tell. That question was
one for the accounting officer to determine; and
furthermore, that has nothing to do with the case.
Will you see an officer, who has executed the
commands of his superior officer, receive injury
from that obedience, and see his property sacri-
ficed, and that, too, for obeying the ordeis of his
superior officer in an enemy's country where, if
he had disobeyed them, he would have been court-
martialed ?
Mr. JONES. Ifthegentleman will permit, I will
state that I am informed by a Representative upon
this floor from the State of New York, that Judge
Nelson has informed him that this case is pend-
ing in the Supreme Court on an appeal.
Mr, VENABLE Thatcannotpossibly be so, be-
cause if you will look at the report and the evidence
in this case, it will be found that they prove this
state of facts. Every lawyer knows that if there
was a writ of error, the court would suspend judg-
ment. Every lawyer knows that an appeal, when
made, brings a case from the court below to 
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, made a remark
wholly inaudible to the Reporter.
Mr. VENABLE. A tianscript of the judg-
ment was sent to Missouri, and a suit instituted
upon it in that State, and a judgment obtained
thereon. Upon the judgment thus obtained, an
execution was issued m the State of Missouri
against the property of Colonel Mitchell.
Mr. PHELPS. That is certainly so.
Mr. VENABLE. The history of this case is
this 
_ Mr. BARTLETT. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I move that when this House adjourns, it
adjourn to meet again on Wednesday next.
The .SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot take
the floor from another who is upon it, although
his question is a privileged one.
I wish to ask
Mr. VENABLE. I have no inclination to take
up the time of the House.
Mr. FOWLER, (interrupting.)
a single question.
Mr. VENABLE. I cannot yield to the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Fowjuer,] and I
protest against this mode of farming out the floor
by one member to another. I cannot yield, and
must make the remarks I have set out to make.
The history of the case is this: it appears to me
singular that difficulties should arise in the minds
of anybody, when it must be preceived that there
never was a case before this House in which the
iron arm of the law was bearing down upon a de-
fenceless individual with more crushing and mer-
ciless force than in the case now before us.
Mr. PHELPS, (interposing.) I have yielded
so much and so often to the inquiries of my friends,
that I am obliged to move the previous question
upon the passage of the bill.
Mr. FOWLER. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask a single question?
Mr. PHELPS. I will.
Mr. FOWLER. If I understand the gentle-
man from Missouri, he states that the property
taken amounts to ^,60,000. Now, I wish to in-
quire what became of that property? Was it
given back to Harmony, or what was done with
it ?
Mr. HALL. The Mexican authorities confis-
cated it.
Mr. PHELPS. The property was confiscated
by the authorities of the city of Chihuahua, in
the district of Chihuahua.
Mr. FOWLER. Was it finally returned to
this claimant?
Mr. PHELPS. It was subsequently tendered
to Mr. Harmony at Chihuahua, as the documents
show. He refused to receive it, and entered his
protest there against the unlawful seizure, and it
was ggnfiscated, as I am informed, by the Mexi-
can authorities at Chihuahua.
[Cries of " Question!" " Question !" from all
parts of the Hall.]
Mr. PHELPS. I aow demand the previous
question.
Mr. STUART. If the gentleman will allow
me, I wish to suggest 
Mr. PHELPS. I have yielded the floor so
often, that I am compelled to insist upon my de-
mand for the previous question.
Mr. STUART. I understand that this ques-
tion is pending in the Supreme Court. It is not
denied.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I rise to
privileged question. 1 move to reconsider the vote
by which this bill was ordered to its third read-
ing, and upon that motion I desire to be heard.
The SPEAKER. The question is not debata-
ble. The previous question has been demanded
upon the passage of the bill.
Mr, MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Demanded
but not seconded. I understand theprivileged ques-
tion I make to take precedence of the motion for
the previous question, and that it is debatable.
Do 1 understand the Chair to decide otherwise?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The privileged
question does take precedence, and certainly is
debatable.
The SPEAKER. The Chair, upon reflection,
is of opinion that the gentleman from Kentucky is
entitled to debate the question.
Mr. PHELPS. 1 rise to a question of order.
The vote by which this bill was ordered to a third
reading was under the operation of the previous
question, and the gentleman from Kentucky can-
not debate the motion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opinion
that the previous question was exhausted by the
order to read the bill a third time, and, theiefore,
overrules the point of order made by the member
' from Missouri. The gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. Marshalt.] is pnfitled to the floor.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I should
have voted for the passage of this bill without hes-
itation, had the previous question been ordered
; without debate, for I should not have heard the
suggestions of difficulties which now appear to be
- ill the way. I desire to say that no gentleman
I upon this floor would more readily extend relief
| to Colonel Mitchell than I would, under a proper
j state of the case. But it is asserted by a gentle-
I man from New York, a member of this House,
that he has been informed by a justice of the Su-
preme Court of the United States that a writ of
error in the case of Harmony vs. Mitchell is now
pending in the Supreme Court—that it came up
from the Southern district of New Yorkjand is
designed to test the validity of the judgment ren-
dered against Colonel Mitchell m favor of Manuel
X. Harmony. I am aware that suit was instituted
by this man Harmony against Mitchell, and that
such proceedings were had as resulted in a judg-
ment at law in the district court of New York for
upwards of $95,000. I understand that Harmony
took the record to Missouri, and sued upon the
New York judgment—I presume m a State court—
and that he procured a judgment upon said record,
and that execution has issued thereupon against
the property of Colonel Mitchell for about $102,-
000. In the meantime, the case from New York
has been brought up to the Supreme Court by a
writ of error, withouta supersedeas, and that such
a proceeding neither stops the execution on the
New York judgment, nor suspends proceedings
upon the Missouri judgment. But it is also cer-
tain, that while matters seem to have reached this
crisis with Colonel Mitchell, the chancery power
of the courts in Missouri may be successfully ap-
pealed to in order to suspend the collection of this
debt until the decision of the Supreme Court of
the United States shall be pronounced upon the
writ of error which has been sued out to the New
York district court. I acknowledge the obligation
of Congress to protect Colonel Mitchell from loss;
but there is a right way of going about this matter.
If we pass this bill, the money will pass into the
hands of Manuel X. Harmony, who may not be
responsible and who is an alien, as I understand,
and should the judgment be reversed by the
Supreme Court, the United States will have suf-
fered a complete loss of the whole amount. My
only object in moving to reconsider the vote in
this bill is to suggest to the House the propriety
of putting the act in such shape, before its pas-
sage, that no payment can be made by the Secre-
tary of the Treasury until the legal remedy shall
have been quite exhausted by a final affirmance of
the judgment in the court below by the Supreme
Court. In the meantime, it must be remembered
that the judgment in Missouri is operative, and the
sacrifice of Mitchell's property can be made under
the execution upon that judgment, and that the sale
will not be affected by whatever decision shall be
rendered here upon the New York record. As I
remarked before, should there be a probability of
reversing the New York judgment, the chancellor
in Missouri can be appealed to for an injunctiSn
to stay proceedings in theMissouri judgment until
this cause can be decided. And there will be no
difficulty in procuring suchan injunction. Let the
United States procure the surety for an injunction
bond, and the chancery proceedings can be insti-
tuted in Mitchell's name. But, unless there is
some probability of a reversal, the injunction will
be a dangerous expedient, for the dissolution of
the injunction will cost $10,200, more than will
now discharge the debt. The question addresses
itself to the sound discretion of Congress, who
will, I suppose, be guided in the case by the opinion
of the Attorney General of the United States.
Mr. WELCH. I would inquire of the honor-
able member from Kentucky, if the bill is not al-
ready in the shape in which he desires to have it?
It simply authorizes the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay the Missouri judgment.
Mr. MARSHALL. It is true that the act
authorizes the Secretary to pay the money, but
that is the usual verbiage of the laws which di-
rect the payment of money. Under this law,the
Secretary will be at liberty to settle the Missouri
judgment by payment before this night. I am not
willing to pay it, if there is a reasonable chance to
reverse the ease. I will not vote $102,000 to pay
a debt, which I understand could have been settled
three years since for §30,000, while there is a writ
of error in the case pending and undetermined m
the Supreme Court, unless I understand very distinct-
ly from the proper legal adviser of the Government
that there is no chance to reverse the judgment of the
court below. I will then vote it to shield Colonel
Mitchell from loss, and not because I think it
proper or fair, as against the Government, upon
the merits.
Mr. TAYLOR (interrupting) asked a question
entirely inaudible to the Reporter.
Mr. MARSHALL. I understand that Mr.
