1574
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 15,
The PRESIDENT. No such motion can be
made under the rules.
Mr. WALKER. Do the rules exclude such a
motion ?
The PRESIDENT. The rules do not exclude
it in so many words, but the Constitution provides
the mode by which a quorum may be obtained.
The question was then taken on the motion to
adjourn; and it was agreed to, and
The Senate adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, June 15, 1852.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. C. M. Butler.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a message from the President of the United
States, transmitting a report from the Secretary of
State, on the subject of the disorders on the Rio
Grande frontier, and recommending the further
legislation which the report suggests, in order that
the duties and obligations of th'e Government oc-
casioned thereby may be more effectually dis-
charged, and the peace and security of the inhab-
itants of the United States in that quarter more
efficiently maintained; which was referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
OUTRAGES ON SPANISH SUBJECTS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a message from the President of the United
States, transmitting a report from the Secretary of
State, accompanied by a communication from His
Excellency Senor Don A. Calderon de la Barca,
Minister Plenipotentiary of her Catholic Majesty,
claiming indemnity for those Spanish subjects in
New Orleans who sustained injury from the vio-
lence of the mob in that city, consequent upon
hearing the news of the execution of those persons
who invaded Cuba in August, 1851. The Presi-
dent of the United States suggests that there may
be one ground upon which this indemnity, which
cannot be large in amount, may be granted with-
out establishing a dangerous precedent, which is,
to grant an indemnity to the Spanish subjects who
have suffered from the violence of the mob in re-
turn for the act of magnanimity by which the
Q,ueen of Spain, in a case where the United States
had no legal right to solicit the favor, restored
many misguided youth of this country to their
parents and friends, and submits it to the favorable
consideration of Congress. The message was re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Relations, and
ordered to be printed.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. SEWARD presented a petition of citizens
of New York, praying that the bill now pending
before Congress, commonly called the " home-
stead bill," may become a law; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. ADAMS presented the petition of Daniel
Comfort, praying to be released from further liabil-
ity as one of the sureties of Lewis Bond, formerly
postmaster at Clinton, Mississippi; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. SHIELDS presented two petitions of citi-
zens of Illinois, praying that the bill now pending
before Congress, commonly called the " home-
stead bill," may become a law; wluch were re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. CHARLTON presented a memorial of the
Mayor and Aldermen ofSavannah,Georgia, pray-
ing an appropriation for the improvement of the
Savannah river; which was ordered to be laid on
the table.
Mr. RUSK presented the petition of Samuel A.
Belden, in relation to his claim against Mexico.
Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations, and printed in connection with the message of
ttie 1'iesident of the TTnited States on the subject.
On motion by Mr. RUSK, it was
Ordered, Thatthe message of the President of the United
States in relation to the claim of Samuel A Belden against
Mexico, communicated the 3d instant, be referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations and printed.
RECESS.
On motion by Mr. RUSK, it was
Ordered, That when the Senate adjourns it be to Saturday
iwxt.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. WADE, from the Committee on Claims,
to which was referred the petition of Thomas
Mullett, praying compensation as a surveyor of
public lands, submitted an ad verse report thereon;
which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. RUSK, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to which was referred a
petition of citizens of Baton Rouge, Louisiana,
for the establishment of a daily line of mail-steam-
ers between Louisville and New Orleans, reported
a bill for the establishment of mail routes on the
Mississippi river; which was read and passed to
the second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to -ftrhich
were referred various memorials in relation to the
establishment of steam lines between certain ports,
submitted a report, accompanied by a bill to au-
thorize the Postmaster General and the Secretary
of the Navy to contract for the transportation of
the United States mail in steam-vessels between
the ports therein mentioned; which was read and
passed to the second reading.
The report was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to which
were referred the memorial of Henry Mankin, and
the memorial of the Amazonian Steamship Com-
pany, submitted a report, accompanied by a bill
providing for a contract to carry the mail between
some southern port of the United States and the
port of Para, on the river Amazon, and other ports;
which was read and passed to the second reading.
The report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. SHIELDS, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to which was referred the bill from
the House of Representatives for the construction
of military roads in Oregon Territory, reported the
same without amendment.
PATENT LAWS.
A message from the House of Representatives
was received by Mr. Hayes, its chief clerk, an-
nouncing that, m compliance with a resolution of
the Senate, it had returned a bill to amend an act
entitled " An act to promote the progress of the
useful arts, and to repeal all acts and parts of acts
heretofore made for that purpose," approved July
4, 1836; and also "An act to provide additional
examiners in the Patent Office, and for other pur-
poses," approved May 27, 1848.
Mr. HALE. That is a bill which the Senate
yesterday requested the House of Representatives
to return. It is now too late to move a reconsid-
eration of the vote passing that bill, without unani-
mous consent. I made the motion to request the
return of the bill yesterday, supposing that it
would then be returned, and that I could move a
reconsideration of the vote passing the bill. I rise
now to ask the unanimous consent of the Senate
for the purpose of making the motion.
The PRESIDENT. The motion cannot be
strictly made at this time; but by unanimous con-
sent the Chair will receive it.
Mr. HALE. I suppose there can be no objec-
tion ro if.
The PRESIDENT. The motion cannot be
strictly made at this time; but inasmuch as a mes-
sage was sent to the House of Representatives yes-
terday, and inasmuch as the motion to reconsider
would have been made yesterday, if the House
had returned the bill then, the Chair presumes that
there will not be any objection to the reconsidera-
tion of the vote passing the bill. The Chair, there-
fore, if there is no objection, will receive the motion
to reconsider.
There being no objection, the motion was agreed
to.
The question then recurred on the passage of
the bill.
Mr. HALE. I wish now to move a reconsid-
eration of the vote by which the bill was ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, so that I may
be able to offer an amendment to it. I am willing
to let the motion be over.
The motion was received and laid over.
WAR STEAMER FOR HARBOR DEFENSE.
On the motion of Mr. SEWARD, the Senate
resumed, as in Committee of the Whole, the con-
sideration of the joint resolution authorizing the
completion of a war steamer for harbor defense;
which requires the Secretary of the Navy to have
i completed, without unnecessary delay, the war
steamer contracted for with Robert L. Stevens, in
pursuance of the act of Congress of April 14th,
1842.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, this resolu-
tion relates to an important subject. I am not
prepared to vote for it as it now stands. This is
an old contract with Mr. Stevens, in relation to
which the Senator from New Jersey [Mr. Stock-
ton] addressed us some time ago—a contract
which has been suspended twice, 1 believe, and
renewed. I have taken some pains to look into
the papers connected with it; and although, I con-
fess, I have not all the information which I should
desire upon the subject, yet I have come to this
conclusion, that I should be very willing to pay
Mr. Stevens all that the experiment has cost him
so far, but I am inclined to the opinion that we
ought not to prosecute it further.
This contract, sir, arose out of a law passed in
1842, by which the Secretary of the Navy was
required to contract with Robert L. Stevens for a
ship to be built, mainly of iron, "according to
the plan of said Stevens," and to be " shot and
shell proof." The contract was made. Before
the time expired, Mr. Stevens desired an exten-
sion of the time, and I believe the extension was
granted by the Secretary of the Navy; but it was
subsequently stopped, because he had not fur-
nished the Navy Department with his plan. He
insisted that he was not bound to furnish the
Navy Department with his plan. They, on the
other hand, took the ground that he was bound,
and, I think, with propriety; because the law re-
quired the vessel to be built, " shot and shell
proof." The Navy Department,therefore, had a
right to know what the plan was, in order to
ascertain whether it was or was not likely to be
shot and shell proof.
Mr. STOCKTON. Facts are very important
in this matter, and it is quite as important to un-
derstand them as we proceed. This must be my
apology for interrupting the gentleman from Vir-
ginia. I know he does not design or wish to
state anything which is not the fact. I insist that
there is no official evidence that Mr. Stevens re-
fused to show his plan. I have the contracts here
in my hands, in which his plan is fully set forth.
In my judgment that was a mere pretense on the
part of the Department. I repeat, he has submitted
his plans, and if the gentleman will read the con-
tracts, he will there find them specified in detail,
from beginning to end.
Mr. HUNTER. Well, sir, there is difference
of opinion about the subject. I inquired of Com-
modore Morris and Commodore Shubrick, and I
think they are of opinion that he failed to furnish
a plan, or at least such apian as was contemplated
by the law. At any rate, that was the ground
of objection raised by the Navy Department. In
the original contract, I believe Mr. Stevens bound
himself to build a vessel which should resist shot
weighing not more than sixty-four pounds. I am
told that the British Navy are already using guns
which send balls of greatly more than thatweight,
and that a vessel which would only resist shot of
that size would not be sufficient for the purposes
of harbor defense, with the means of war that are
now known. Under these circumstances it seems
to me that it -would perhaps be best for the United
States, and as well for Mr. Stevens, not to prose-
cute the enterprise further. But, as it is a matter
into which he has been led in part by the action
of the Government, which made a contract with
him, I am very willing to vote what may be neces-
sary to compensate him for any outlay to which he
may have been put, for the prosecution of the con-
tract—not to give him any profit, of course, but to
save him from all loss. I think, if we were to
enter into the history of all these transactions, it
would be found that that is as much as he ought
to ask; and I think he ought not to desire to pros-
ecute the enterprise further, if, owing to the dis-
coveries in modern warfare, the discoveries in
projectiles since that period, such a ship as he pro-
poses to build would not answer the purposes con-
templated.
I understand, Mr. President, that the gun in-
vented by the Senator from New Jersey himself,
sent a ball through the plates which were de-
signed by Mr. Stevens for the construction of this
steamer. That was a twelve-inch gun.
We have in use, I am told, ten inch guns, and
the British Government are using eleven inch
guns. At least I am so informed by persons bet-
ter acquainted with this subject than 1 am. This
makes it probable that this experiment cannot
succeed for purposes of harbor defense. It is not
probable that Mr. Stevens could make a ship
which would resist the projectiles now known.
Mr. BAYARD. Are the eleven or ten-inch
