1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
663
Faui.kner, of Virginia, has been down to the Su-
preme Court room, and has ascertained the fact that
a writ of error in this cause is pending in that
Court.
Mr. TAYLOR. I understand that the cause is
not pending in the Supreme court.
Mr. MARSHALL. I am informed that tffe
gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Faulkner] has been
down to the Supreme Court rooms, and knows
the facts to be as I have stated them.
Mr. HAVEN". With -the permission of the
gentleman from Kentucky, inasmuch as consid-
erable has been said about it, I will state briefly
what I know upon this subject. I found a very
general desire on the part of the House to pass
this bili wh«n it was up before; and, on Friday
or Saturday of last week, I met Mr. Justice Nel-
son in the street, and had aconversation with him
for the purpose of gathering the facts of the case.
The two things I told him t desired to be in-
formed about, were: First, whether there was a
writ of error pending in the Supreme Court of the
United States; and the next was, what was the
character of the proof before the court (for he was
the justice, I understood, who presided at the
trial) in reference to the measure of damages.
Mr. LOCK HART. "Will the gentleman allow
me for a moment. I will not take half a minute.
Mr. HAVEN. I cannot. T have the floor by
the favor of the gentleman from Kentucky to
make a statement. I was informed by Mr. Jus-
tice Nelson, that there was a writ of error now
pending upon the calendar of the Supreme Court,
brought up upon the judgment rendered before
him in the circuit court of New York. I then in-
quired of him in reference to the measure of dam-
ages, the rule by which the damages had been al-
lowed upon the trial before him; He told me
that he could not state with accuracy by what rule
that had been governed, but he said that the evi-
dence upon the subject of damages would be found
in the record. I went to the Supreme Court
room for the purpose of seeing the record, but
found it locked up. I said to the Juda:e that I
had understood Mr. Harmony had offered to take
$30,000 to discharge his claim upon the Govern-
ment, and that this bill which we have before us,
provides for ever $100,000. He told me that the
cause was put off, according to his recollection,
for over a year, to allow the parties to execute a
commission at Santa Fe, or in New Mexico, for
the purpose of getting evidence upon the subject
of damages, and that, after the commission had
been returned, the subject of damages was passed
upon sub silentio, the proof seeming to be satisfac-
tory. That is all the information I have in my
possession. I understand this writ of error is
from the judgment rendered in the circuit court
for the southern district of the State of New
York. I also understand that judgment has been
sued out, upon a transcript of the record of the
court in New York, in a court of Missouri; that
execution had been issued upon that judgment,
and that the con sequences are likely to follow upon
that execution which have been described by the
gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Phf.t.ps.] I re-
turn my thanks to the gentleman from Kentucky
for his kindness in allowing me to make this
statement.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I now hold
in my hand a memorandum furnished by the clerk
of the Supreme Court of the United States a mo-
ment since, which will remove all doubt as to the
pendency of a writ of error in this case. He says,
the transcript of the record has been sent up, a
writ of error has been sued out, and the case stands
No. 178 on the trial docket of the court. Now,
under these circumstances, the proposition to di-
rect the Secretary to go forward and pay off the debt
may be very injurious to the interests of the United
States, for the decision in the Supreme Court may
reopen the cause on the original merits, and indeed
may indicate that Mitchell is not responsible for an
arrest made under orders from his militaiy com-
mander in time of war in an enemy's country; for
I do not learn from anything that has yet been
said that Harmony lost possession of his merchan-
dise, though he to as detained with Doniphan's
command, in order to prevent him from joining
the enemy—as a trader.
I submit to the consideration of the House that
we are not prepared, under the circumstances, to
pass the bill at present, and due caution and a
proper regard for the duties we are here to dis-
i charge demand that before we act finally, an op-
j portunity should be afforded to confer with the
I Attorney General of the United States, who has
; -no doubt looked critically into the record of this
j cause, and is prepared to give his opinion. We
j should take time, and before we vote to pay this
J debt we should learn from the Attorney General
I his opinion of the proposition to enjoin the judg-
; ment in Missouri until the rendition of an opinion
i by the Supreme Court in the case from New York.
! I am not willing to pass the authority we hold
over the public money to any one. When this
debt must be liquidated we can vote the money,
and direct its appropriation to the object we intend;
but now, it is our duty to see whether the actual
necessity for the appropriation exists, and wheth-
er it cannot, by any device, be avoided. The ex-
ecution has not been levied upon Colonel Mitch-
ell's property as yet, and we all know that there
will intervene some days from the levy to the sale.
There is no necessity for this absolute action
to-day, so far as we can see. It is our duty to go
Back upon our steps if we can contest this demand
further, and not, under apprehension of injury to
Mitchell, throw away $102,000 upon Emanuel X.
Harmony.
I understand that no one disputes our obligation
to shield Colonel Mitchell from loss. The point
is, that in protecting him we may owe it to the
country to take the reins of this case into our own
hands, and see whether the United States cannot
reverse this judgment, stay proceedings upon the
execution at St. Louis, and renew the contest upon
the original merits before the inferior tribunal, by
which this enormous judgment maybe reduced to
those limits which once would have contented the
claimant. It is suggested to tne by gentlemen to
move to postpone this question to a day certain.
I do not feel disposed to raise the question, and
theo to ask its postponement, but I do think the
House should regard this transaction with the
closest scrutiny—not that I suppose aifything
wrong on Mitchell's part—but to see if we cannot
avoid the wrong which we are about to be forced
to submit to, in order to protect him from unde-
served loss.
Mr. KING, of New York. The whole matter
should be referred to a committee.
Mr. MARSHALL. I prefer to have the vote
upon the motion to reconsider. Should that mo-
tion prevail, the bill can be taken up at our next
sitting, and in the meantime those interested can
learn the views of the Attorney General, and the
bill can be amended properly, if necessary, and
then passed.
Mr. DISNEY. I propose to say a solitary
word in regard to this matter, and it is simply
this; that notwithstanding the appeal which has
been presented by the gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Marshall,] and the purpose for which he
urges it, there is another aspect m which this case
must be viewed, which divests them of all force
whatever. Permit me here to remark that I have
taken no sort of interest in this matter until the
present time. The nature of the case now pend- !
ing in the Supreme Court of the United States, at
least from the testimony which has been adduced I
before us, and from this discussion and the one ]
had heretofore in relation to this mafter—has been i
with reference to the liability of Colonel Mitchell, j
and not the injury to this man Harmony, for that 1
seems to be conceded upon all sides. Then what- [
ever the decision of the Supreme Court of the :
United States may be, it will not touch the point i
to which I now allude, to wit: the injuries inlicted J
upon Emanuel X. Harmony. If the Supreme j
Court of the United States shall decide Colonel j
Mitchell was not justly and legally liable to iudem- |
nify Harmony for the damage inflicted upon him '
by these proceedings, still behind that remains the j
i paramount question of indemnity to Harmony. 1
j Then it appears from the testimony which we ;
| have heard related to the House by the gentleman ;
! from New York, [Mr. Haven,] that thequestion i
I of the amount of indemnity has been settled by ,
i the common agreement of the parties—sub silentio. [
! In reference to that question there was no dispute, j
I This question as to whether Colonel Mitchell ;
■ is justly and legally liable does not touch the
i main question, that is, the proper indemnification j
; of an individual who has been wronged by the
j acts of officers of this Government. I will not
; occupy the attention of the House any longer. In |
j conformity with the suggestion of a friend who !
11 sits near me, and in order to enable the House to
possess themselves fully of the facts of the case
and the precise points involved in it, I move the
:j consideration of this subject be postponed for one
week.
i; [Cries of " That is right!" " That is right!"]
|j _ Mr. STUART. I concur entirely in the mo-
! tion of the gentleman. There is no disposition
!; hereto do injustice to Colonel Mitchell or any-
body else, and we should not go pell mell into
paying a judgment, when it is pending in the Su-
preme Court of the United States upon a writ of
;! error.
I1, Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to inquire
of the Speaker if the House adjourn in the pres-
!' ent position of this matter, it will not go over until
!' next Monday?
i< The SPEAKER. It would, in the opinion of
the Chair.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. T rise to a
privileged question. I move that when the House
adjourns to-day it be to Wednesday next.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Jones] yield?
Mr. JONES. I do; but shall oppose the mo-
tion.
Mr. STANTON. I presume every gentleman
is aware of the object of this motion.
The SPEAKER. It is not debatable.
Mr. JONES demanded the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
The question was then taken upon the motion
to adjourn till Wednesday, and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 87, nays 74—as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Aiken, Willis Alien, W.
Api)leloii,Babcoek, Ban ere, Bartlett, Bealc, Bell,Bennett,
Bis-ell. John H. Boyd, Bteckenndge, Briggs, Brooks, Albert
G. Brown, Bui rows, E. Carnneton Cabell, Lewis D, Camp-
bell, Cartter, Chandler, Chapman, Chngman, Daniel, Geo.
T. Davis, Dean, Disney, Dockeiy, Edgerton, Edmnndson,
Evans, Faulkner, Floience, Henry M. Fuller, Thomas J*.
D. Fuller, Gaylotd, Gentry, Gilmoie, Goodenow, Gorman,
Sampson W. Hariis, Hart, Ilaws, Hascall, Haven, Henn,
Hor^ford, Jenkins, James Johnson, John Johnson, Robert
W. Johnson, Daniel T. Jones, Preston King, Kuhns, Lan-
dry, Letcher. Lockhart, McDonald, MeMullin, Meade,
Mjller, Morehead, Murray, Andrew Parker, Samuel W.
Parker, Price, Robie, Russell, Schermerhorn, Schoolcraft,
Schoonmaker, David L. Seymour, SfanJy, Frederick P.
Stanton, Richard H. St-mton, Strother, Stuart, Sutherland,
Taylor, Thurston, Ward, Washburn, Wells, Addison
White, Alexander White, Wildrick, and Yates—87.
NAYS—Messrs. Alhi-on, Ashe, Averett, David J. Bailey,
Bowne, Brenton, Joseph Cable, Thompson Campbell, Cas-
kie, Ohastain, Churclnvell, Clark, Cobb, Conger, John G.
Davis, Dawson, Doty, Durkee, Eastman, Ewwg, Ficklin,
FUcli, Fowler, Gamble, Gidding*, Grow, Hammond, Har-
per, Hebard, Hendriek*-, Hibbanl, Howard, John W. Howe,
Thomas Y. How, Jackson, Andrew Johnson. George W.
Jones, J.Glancy Jone.-. Kurtz, Humphrey Marshall, Mc-
Larmhan, McNair, McUueen, Molony, Henry D. Moor^,
John Moore, Nafoers, Orr, Outlaw, Peaslee. Penniman,
Perkins, Phelps, Polk, Rantoul, Robbms, Sackett, Scurry,
Skelton, Smart, Smith, Snow, Benjamin Stanton, Stratton,
Geoige W. Thompson, Townshend, Venable, Walbridge,
Wallace, Watkins, Welch, Wilcox, Williams, and Wood-
ward—'74.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. X believe there
is nothing now before the House.
The SPEAKER. There is the question upon
reconsidering the vote by which the bill upon the
table for the relief of Colonel Mitchell was ordered
to be read a third time, and there is a question
submitted by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Dis-
ney] to postpone until Monday next.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Dis-
ney's motion, and it was agreed to.
INDIAN AGENT FOR CALIFORNIA.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I will now send
this bill, which is an act to provide for the ap-
pointment of superintendent of Indian affairs in
California, to the Clerk's desk, and I ask the House
seriously and in sober earnest, to allow me an op-
portunity of reporting it back from the Committee
on Indian Affairs, wuh an amendment.
Mr. KING, of New York. I object. There
are a great many bills and resolutions which would
be presented if the House would give an opportu-
nity for that purpose.
Mr. JOHNSON. I will move to suspend the
rules. It is a matter of public importance, and
ought to be acted upon.
The question was then taken, and it was decided
in the affirmative.
So the rules were suspended.
The bill entitled " An act to provide for the ap-
pointment of a superintendent of Indian affairs in
California," was then read.
The bill provides for the appointment of a su-
