664
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
periritendent at a salary of §.'>,000 per annum,
and a secretary at a salary of $2,500.
The amendment of the Committee on Indian
Affairs proposes to reduce the salary of the super-
intendent to $4,000.
Mr. JOHNSON. For the information of the
House, 1 will ask that the sections of law which
are put in force by the bill, be read. 1 have no 1
speech to make about the case. The Government
is losing thousands and thousands of dollars e\ ery
month for the want of the passage of this bill.
The SPEAKER. It ia a Senate bill reported
back with an amendment. The question, then,
will be first upon the amendment.
The bill and amendment having been read—■
Mr. JOHNSON. I will ask the Clerk to read j
those portions of the acts which are put in force. I
The sixth section of the act of May 6, 1832,
was read, as follows: ;
u And be it further enacted, Tliat thy President of the
United State®, by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate, ma&appoint a superintendent of Indian affairs lo
reside at St. Louis, whose power shall extend to all fndi- j
ans frequenting that place, whose salary shall be .$1500 per
annum; and one agent for tribes within the limits of Ka«t
and West Florida, with a salary of $1,500.
Mr. JOHNSON- I will state to the House
the bill nuts so much of that law in force as relates
lo the superintendent, placing him upon the same
footing- as every other superintendent is placed. I [
ask that the fifth section of the act of May 25, :
1824, be read: <
'
4{ Sec. o. And be it enacted, That the superintendent of •
Indian affairs of St. Louis, and Ins successors m office, t
shall possess all the powers and bo subject to all the d titles >
of Governors of Teiritories when exercising the office of i
superintendents of Indian atiairs, and shall exercise a gen- |
oral supervision of the official conduct and accounts of In- j
dian agents within his supeuntendency." 1
I will state, also, for the information of the I
House, that those two sections for the most part'
"attain the object sought for. I ask that the Ex- 1
ecutive recommendation referred to us at the be- ■
ginning of the session in regard to this subject,
shall be read:
"The means heretofore placed at the disposal of the De-
partment applicable to Indian pin poses in California have >
been inamlc?ily inadequate. It is quite evident that, with- >
out the expenditures ol large sums ot money, our indtan
aftaus in California and Oregon cannot be properly con- ■
ducted; and in this connection 1 respectfully su<" e^t the 1
policy of pacing a law e.*tabh>duhg the oihee of Assistant 1
Commissioner ot Indian Affairs for that State and Tern- :
tory. A general and controlling power, mote direct than it !
is possible toi thus olfico to bung to heai, is ot the hi>i)o-:-t j
iiiipoitance in the adjustment of our relations with the nu- !
merous tribes of Indians m those remote portions of our 1
wide-spread domain." j
I will state, also, for the information of the |
House, that instead of complying with this recom- :
mendatjon which proposed to create an assistant!
commissioner nf Indian Affairs, the Senate pre-
ferred lo send us the bill m such form as will
preserve the policy heretofore adopted m regard 1
to these matters, rather than strike out any new
course of policy. Theiefore this bill comes "m the
shape of a superintendency. The Government
needs it, but t will make no speech about it. I
shall call for the previous question, believing- the
House will prefer to vote, r.ither than to hear any '
speech upo.i the subject.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I do not wish to
throw any obstacle in the way. I would suggest
to the gentleman a slight, amendment. ■
fvlr. JOHN feOJN. I should like to accommo-
date the gentleman, but will not assent to any
oihei pioposition than that winch the committee
have offered. After a fnli consideration tliev
have reduced one salary, and they h*ive oftnred ,
one^amendment. i will not consent to any other. ■
The previous question was seconded, "and ihe '
main question ordered.
The question was then taken on t
ment, and it was agreed to.
1 he bill was the.!, aoe^i'diu:
third time.
Mr. JOHNSON.
hansted5
The SPEAKER
Mr. JOHNSON.
ameiai-
_ to ordei, read the
Ts the previous question ex-
It is.
I. lien 1 ask for the previous
question upon the passage of the bill.
I he previous question was seconded, and the 1
mam question ordered.
Ine quest'oii was tnen taken, and the bill was
passed.
I 10 ref:"nsicler the vote 1
by which the bill was jwssed. and to lay the mo-
tion to reconsider upon the table; which latter
j motion was agreed to.
1 Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I ask the
| unanimous consent of the House to offer the fol-
; lowing resolution:
! Resolved, That the joint resolution of the Senate au-
1 tliorizing a continuation of the_work on the two wings or
j the Capitol, and the bill fiom the Senate making an appio-
piiation for tiie repair of tlie Congressional Library room, be
j made the special order, and ill the order named, for Wed-
j nesdayjtlie lOlh lnf-tant, to continue so from day to day
j until dicposed of.
| Mr. SCURRY objected.
j Mr. CARTTER. I wish to inquire if the prop-
| osition of the honorable gentleman from Kentucky
S does not interfere with a pending special order ?
] Mr. STANTON. That is set for to-morrow,
| and mine is set for Wednesday week.
The SPEAKER. The operation of the special
| order would be this: if the former special order
i conflicted with it, this would have to pass over
| until the other is decided, and then it would come
I up.
! ^ Mr. CHANDLER. The objection is with-
1 drawn to it, from this side of the House.
: The SPEAKER. The Chair hears no objection.
1 Mr. STANLY. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Sta\ttox,] as there
is no objection to making the bill for the extension
of the Capitol the special order, that we pass the
bill for the Library now. There can be no objec-
tion to it, and it is a case in which the members of
the House are more concerned.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. If there is time
to do it, 1 have no sort of objection.
1 Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. I will object to the
I introduction of any bill.
I The question was then taken, and the resolution
was agreed to.
| Mr. RANTOUL. The gentl email from Con-
i nectieut [Mr. Cleveland] asks that the Journal
| may b^correeted, his vote beins; erroneously stated.
I Upon the motion to lay the bounty land bill upon
| the table, he is represented as voting nay, when
he voted yea.
| The SPEAKER. There being no objection, the
I Journal will be so corrected.
Mr. DAVJS, of Indiana, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill of which previous notice had been
given, "granting the right of way and making a
grant of land to the States of Indiana and Illinois,
for the construction of a railroad from Terra Haute
to Springfield and branch thereof:" which was read
the first and second time by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Public. Lands.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Virginia. During my
sickness, certain memorials of the Legislature of
Pennsylvania weie presented to this House m
relation to a bi idge across the Ohio 1 iver, at Wheel-
ing. I now beg leave to present a memorial of a
portion of the members of the Legislature of Penn-
sylvania.
A Member. Present it under the rule.
Air. THOMPSON. I wish to do it now. The
memorial says, that the bridge across the Ohio
river at Wheeling is not such ait obstruction to
tne navigation ot that river as to require its eleva-
tion to a greater height, or its abatement as a nui-
sance. 1 also present a paper containing the offi-
cial consent of the Wheeling and UelmoTit Bridge
Company, asking that Congi ess may declare their
bridges military roads, and pray for such piotec-
tion as Congress may give. I also hold in my
hand a petition of nine hundred citizens of the
comity of Ohio, praying Congress to take that
; public work under its protection, as Congress is
bound to do by the act of April 30th, 1802. All
of which I desire to presen t to the House, in order
that tiie papers may be referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Air. b TAISTON, of Ohio, asked the unanimous
| consent of the House to introduce a hill, of which
previous notice had been gi\en.
Mr. SAT ART moved that the Hous-e adjoui n.
Mr. WILLIAMS demanded theyensand iidvs;
which were not ordered.
^The question was then fafren, and the House
aujounied till Wednesday next, at j5? o'clock, m.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. BARTLETl gave notice that on to monow, or some '
sub-equent dav, he should a«*k leave to introduce a bill, en- '
titled, <• An M mn'rmg an appioprintion of public land to
me ^tate of Vermont, lor internal improvements, the snn-
SnmK i>o3s,Ji"d lhe <>f the indigent deaf and ■
dumb, blind, and insane, *
| PETITIONS, &c.
'; The following petitions, memorials, &c., were presented
., under the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees:
! By Mr. FLORENCE: Memonal of J. D. Bayne, John
Simpson, Alexander K. Young, W. W. Pidgeon, and other
•, - citizens of Philadelphia, late assistant marshals of the Uni-
j ^d States for taking the Seventh Census, pt&ving addi-
I tional compensation.
i Also, memorial of William BrooktieJd, Edgar T. Stecvei,
i J nomas M. Richards, and others, citizens of Philadelphia,
j remonstrating against the extension of the " Woodworth
; Patent" for planing boaids, &c.
' , £ls?.' 'lle" orial °f Richard Hackett, Edward IJ. I'rickett,
i JohnEckert, and others, citizens of Philadelphia, praying
" for the extension of the kC Woodworth Patent" for planing
boards, &c.
]■ Also, resolutions of the General Assembly of Pennsvl-
; vania relative to the bridge over the Ohio river onnosit0
; Wheeling. *
j AI>o, memorial of Charles Lloyd, jr., Alexander II,
Smith, James Serrill, and others, citizens of Delaware and
<i Philadelphia counties, praying that the soldiers of the war
of 1810 may be allowed 160 acres of land, &c.
! Also, memorial of Samuel J. Burdick, Hugh MeCormich,
: William White, and others, citizens of Philadelphia, prav-
jng for the extension of the "Woodworth Patent55 tor
planing boards, &e.
!! Also, lesolutions of the General Assembly of IVnnsyl-
I vania, relative to the improvement of harbors in the Deia-
' waie bay and river.
AKo, iriemr>ri(tt ol Amos Smith, E. J Young. David
i Applegate, and others, citizens of Philadelphia county,
! praying lor the extension 01 the Woodworth patent for
, | planing boards, &c.
| Also, resolutions of the General Assembly of Penn^ylva-
• j nia, relative to the construction of a >hip-eanal around the
Falls of Sault Ste. Mane bj- the Government Oi the United
1 j States.
:j By Mr. FOWLI3II: The petition of Chat les W. Moigan
[] and others, praying that their claim on the United States
may be referred to an auditor, for an adjustment and set-
tlement.
Also, the petition of citizens of Plymouih county, Mas-
sachusetts, praying for an appropriation for the improve-
ment of the navigation of the North liver in that county.
By Mr. ASH: The memonal of JVT. Loudon, P.'ftl
Walker, and 240 others, citizens of Wilmington, North
Carolina, against the extension ol the Woodworth patent
, for planing boards, See.
{ By Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois: The petition of B, G.
| Wright and others, prajing for the establishing of a post
; j touts fioin Warsaw to Augusta, in the tftate of Illinois.
,i Al<o, the memorial of John A. Davis and 22 others, cin-
'| zens of Stephenson county, Illinois pjaying for the freedom
'j ofthe public lands to the actual settlers.
| Also, the remonstrance of D. W. Gould and 80 others
citizens of Winnebago county, Illinois, against the renewal
' ot the expired patent for MeCormick's reaper.
j By Mr GAMBLE: The petition of the citizens of Clinton
!I Union counties, Pennsylvania, asking for the e&tab-
j hsfunentof a new mail route from Logansville, in Chnton
i j county, to White Deer Mills, ia Union county.
i j Also, the remonsttance of the citizens of Pejin-vlvama,
i; against the renewal or extension ofthe WoodwoiTh patent.
Jj Also, the petition of the citizens ofthe State of Pennsyl-
;i vania, asking for an increased duty upon iron, coal, and
■ j glnns, for reiifcons therein s-K lotth.
|: Also, the peuuon of the citizens of Union and Purr}
I counties, in the State of Pennsylvania, asking for the estab-
j h.-iuuent of a new mail route trcm Miilerstown, Perr}
,. eount}', through Riehfield, Juntata county, by way ot Mount
■, Pleasant Mills, Middlehurg. Centerviile, Xew Bnlm, to
' Mifiuiburg, m f.'nion count) .
By Mi. FULLEK, cj! Pemi\\ 1 vania: rThe memonal ot O.
: Collins, A J McChntock, G B XichoNon, rjuul.'s Deni-
| >on, and others, citizens of Pennsylvania, lemon^tratiu"
! ai/ain>t the leuevval of the Pcirker patent. 19
, By Mr. GRX5EN. The pcti tion of citizens !>f Ottawa
■ count), Ohio, asking an appropriation of$iu,000 for the
! election of a breakwatei at Ottawa city, Ohio.
Also, the petition of Daniel Itedfield, praying remunera-
i tion for the loss of a vetsel, debtroyed by the enrmy while
, m thesemce of the United States in therevoluUonary war
( Also, the petition of Lewis Seitz and 80 others, citizens
of Soncca county, Ohio, praying Congress to abolish the
; office of chaplain in Congress, in the Aimv, and Navy, and
, wherever it may exist under the authority of the United
1 State?.
j Also, tiie petition of Benjamin Iluddic and other citi-
zens ofthe same count), tor the same purpose
; Also, the petition of citizens of Wyandott countv. Ohio,
j asking the pas&age of a law authonzing the commissioners
of saul county to enter, at the minimum price ol £r2 ."0 per
acie, a certain Jot oi land mentioned therein, containing fifty-
three aure«>, tor tiie purpo.-e of erecting thereon a county
, infhinary. loi the ^upporr of the indigent insane and other
putpo*e^
Also, the memorial of Roheit Cium, deputy marshal of
Seneca county. Ohio, asking additional compensation for
; taking the cen><i:.-.
Also, tiie memorials of S W. Smith, deputy marshal of
. Ottawa county, Ohio. Azunah Boot, deputy marshal of
1 Wyandott county, Ohio, and Gilbert Ashley, deputy mar-
; «hal of Seneca countv. Ohio, asking additional coinpensa-
I tion for taking the oeiisus.
1 By Mr. COBB: A petition praying tha* the «everal acts
, ot Congre&s whicli relate to"invalia pennons, be ho
j amended to embrace the widows and heirs or tiie ofti
I cers and soldiers, &c., of the war of 1812 with Great Britain,
I and the several Indian wars since that date.
j By Mr. KCifNS : The resolution of the State of Penn-
: ^>lvama relative to the construction ot a ship-canal around
j the Falls ofthe Sault Ste. Mane by the United States,
j Also, the memorial of George W. Clark, deputy marshal
I ofWe^ern Pennsylvania, for additional compensation for
J takmgthecensus.
1 By Mr. KING, of New York: Two memorials of eiti
zens ol St.Lawrence county, New York, asking Congre&e
