1576
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 15,
from New Jersey [Mr. Stockton] has great
weight with me, because he, too, is an expert;
and if there were not so decided an opinion upon
the other side, and if I did not think theie was
substantial evidence as to the probability that this
exDeiiment could not succeed in the pre3ent state
gf naval science, I should go with him. But, as
things now stand, I cannot vote for the resolution.
If, however, it is so amended as to provide that
Mr. Stevens shall be paid for the amount he has
expended, or which he has lost in consequence of
his experiments, I will go for that most cheerfully,
because I think he was led into a contract by the
Government. I do not think, however, that the
contract, or the law, binds the Government to go
any further, if the Department conceives that the
experiment has failed.
Mr. MALLORY. Mr. President, I trust that
this resolution will pass without the amendment
suggested by the Senator from Virginia. 1 know
of no greater act of injustice that could be done to
Mr. Stevens than that which is embraced 111 the
proposition of the Senator from Virginia. A con-
tract has been made with Mr. Stevens, by author-
ity of an act of Congress. That contract has not
been fulfilled; hut the failure has not been on the
part of Mr. Stevens, or in consequence of any
negligence of his; but it has failed m its fulfillment
because it was discontinued by the Department,
and no reason for the discontinuance of that con-
tract has yet befen shown. No reason exists now
why this law should not be passed which did not
exist in ecjual force in April, 1842. I regard the
construction of this vessel not altogether as an
experiment; but if I did, I would still think the
money to this extent would be well laid out, in
order to test the principle. It is important that
the United States should demonstrate that a prop-
osition which has been maintained by scientific
men of all nations—a proposition baying an im-
portant bearing upon the defenses of this Repub-
lic—is either tenable or untenable. It has engaged
the attention of Commodore Barron, General
Gaines, arid many other distinguished military
men on both sides of the Atlantic; and it now
comes from a man who stands at the head of his
profession in this and in every other eonnlry—a
man who has given the most valuable practical
proofs of his knowledge. And shall we, when
he offers to come forward, not with the view of
making a job of it, not with any expectation of
realizing pecuniary advantage to himself; when he
lays before us the experience gleaned by a lifetime
of observation, practice, and study, shall we cast
his proposal aside because one or two na\al offi-
cers who have, perhaps, never built a ship m their
lives—shall trc cast aside this suggestion because
they may think it impracticable? I hope not, sir.
No one entertains a higher respect for our naval
officers than I do, especially when they confine
themselves to their legitimate duties; and no one
is more ready to listen to and appreciate their sug-
gestions, when they speak of that which conies
within the line of their proper avocation: hut when
they speak of things with which they are less con-
versant, and venture their opinions m opposition
to those of Mr. Stevens, upon a question which
he has so well examined, 1 must say, however
highly I may estimate their talents in other re-
spects, that their opinions are not entitled to any
peculiar consideration.
Sir, the opinions of Air. Stevens on this subject
are more valuable than those of any person in the
United States. When he first made this propo-
sition, he found the coasts of the country, as 'hey
are to this day, comparatively defenseless. A
careful examination has shown that every point
upon our coast is vulnerable. The harbor of New
York may be entered at any time, and the Em-
pire city reduced to ashes, by the existing means
of European naval warfare, notwithstanding the
fortifications which you there have; and Mr. Ste-
vens has brought forward his plan for the con-
struction of a floating battery, designed to remedy
this defect to some extent, and invited public at-
tention to it. He made experiments, v/hich were
attended by a joint commission of military and
naval officers; and that commission was fuhv sat-
isfied that his proposed battery would resist ony
shot or shell used in naval warfare. The mem-
bers of the ChamVjr of Commerce of thecitvof
New York examiner! it, and have approved of it
in terms equally strong. The navy commission-
ers examined it in the samehght,and recommended
it for the same purpose. When, therefore, the
proposition of Mr. Stevens was brought forward,
it had been as carefully tested as it was in the
power of man to test it. We had more informa-
tion on this subject than is usually entertained in
relation to matters that have not been practically
developed in all their details.
Now, sir, permit me here to remark, that while
every port we have is open to an enemy, the coast
of trance is so perfectly fortified and protected
that no hostile fleet, from the year 1798 to the year
1815, notwithstanding all the efforts of the British,
was able to enter any of their ports.
The design of Mr. Stevens will be understood
from the following proposition laid before Con-
gress in 1842;
Washington*, January 25, 1842.
The steam battery or vessel above referred to is to t>e
constructed on a plan entirely new, invented by the writer,
and is to be shot and shell proof. She is to have greater
speed than anv vessel of war now afloat. The engine and
propelling parts are to be so placed as that the latter shall
b« submeiged, and the whole engine out or'the way of shot
from the vessel of an enemy. Iter guns are to be large,
and adapted both to shot and shells. Her burden not to be
less than 1,500 tons.
The practicability ofrendeiing such a vessel pi oof against
shot and shells is not a theoretical assumption, but hat?
been proved by the tests of positive experiment*. These
experiments were recently made at Sandy Hook, under
the superintendence of Messrs. John C. and Edwin A. Ste-
vens, and in the presence of a joint board of Army and
Navy officers appointed by the Government. From the re-
sult, no doubt whatever remains of the tact that a series of
wrought iron boiler plates, riveted together, and placed
upon each other until the strata amount to four and a half
inches in thickness, will effectually resist the torce ot sixty-
tour pound shot when fired with battering charges at the dis-
tance ot thuty yards. Filteen or twenty shot were also
lired .it thi^ distance, and from guns of different calibois,
against a tdiget thus constructed, and were made to strike
it in a fit state to protect anything in it/rear against a sim-
ilar force. Shells fiied irom the same distance scarcely
indented the iron ; arid both shot and shells were invariably
broken into small fragments.
The above-named experiments were tried under the su-
pervision ofthe officers of the Army and Navy. At the last
of these the witter, who had just returned from Europe,
was present, and trials were then made upon the effect of
shells of a peculiar construction, which were prepared by
him. These shells aie hermetically sealed, and are effect-
ually secured fiom accidental explosion, either from fire or
fiom violent concussion. They are perfectly safe also from
injury by submer<ion m water. They are so constructed
as to explode alter having penetrated the object against
which they are discharged; and, being elongated, contain
three tunes as much powder as the common shell of the
same caliber. They do not require the use of mortars, but
may be filed from the guns in ordinary use. Out of twenty
.or these shells which were discharged into timber, or into
bank5' of sand, nineteen exploded m the manner antici-
pated—rendering the. action sufficiently certain, and evin-
cing the possession of properties not possessed by any other
shell, and producing effects which were actually tremen-
dous.
It will be manifest that a steam-vessel, or battery, forti-
fied in the manner above described, and furnished with the
means of rapid propulsion, would be able to approach an
adversary's vessel so securely and so closely as to render
j it practically impossible to imss her with shells fired hon-
I zontall.v; and it does appear that a vessel possessing the
1 properties above enumerated, would be able to attack and
! destroy anv fleer of steamers, or of sailing ship*, a* now
I eon-tiueted, winch mi^ht be ^ent to attack a eitv, or to
1 blockade ;i poit. The poitsof Mich a vessel through which
j the guns ate fired, having a thickness of four or five inches
! only, might have port holes but Utile larger than the innz-
I /.Ie of a gun ; and yet allow it to be fired at arty desired
j angle. These poit-holes may be readilv protected from
j canister, giape, or other shot, by means of movable
: screens, so constructed as to be removed and leplaccd with
! facility.
i A single shell of large dimensions, and of the kind pie-
j p.ued by the writer, will suffice to-ink the stoutest wooden
I vessel, if exploded vnihin her sides, anywhere near the
1 watet-hne. The effect ot such a shell upon astiucture of
: wood, was fully tested under hi* superintendence, upon
j Governors 1-viand, in the harbor of New Yoik, upwards of
twenty years ago. The experiments wore made by order
j of the Government, m the presence of the late Colonel
i Ilou^e, a«yl ot seveial othei officers, with the following re-
■ suit. A target of white oak was constructed in the sfrong-
, est manner, bv one of the best ship buildeis; it measured
five feet in thickness, and the timbers were secured to-
[ g ether b\ iion screw-bolts, passing entirely thiough the
! whole. This target was peii'otated by the cvplovion of a
, single shell, a hole being made in it thiongli which a horse
might have passed. Seven timbeis of white oak, each
mea&uiing twelve by sixteen inches, were toiu into shreds,
and scattered to a great distance.
1 The foregoing plan of constructing and arming a vessel,
with most of its details, has been manned for many years,
and the delay in bringing it forward has resulted fiom a con-
viction that a peuod more favorable to if adoption than any
th.it lias heretofore occurred would arrive, and ltis beheved
that it Arts now actually arrived. The advantage of beni"
the flitt to construct a vessel of this description would be
verv grea\ a* it must render us secure for along trine against
the ve«~sels-of-wai of other nations, as the,-e would mjaiie
to be hmlt anew. A-5 a means of defense, it would be
cheaper than any other; and, m time of peace,such a ves-
sel would suffer but Utile from the ravages of timp, and but
lew hands would be required to keep her in a proper con-
dition foruse. Her ventilation would beartificial,andcon-
sfantly and thoroughly applied. In actual service, her crew,
of all grades, would not probably exceed one hundred and
fifty. She would need no rigging. With anthracite as fuel,
she would not be rendeied visible, either by smoke or by
sparks, and would therefore attract the notice of an enemy
less, either by night or by day, than any other vessel.
Although a vessel or battery of the kind described is
equally adapted to the protection of all our ports, the har-
bor of New York will probably be considered as one of
those the best fitted to an experiment with i^ if experiment
it may be called. Its spaciousness, it« great depth, and its
vicinity to fresh water, which will render it easy at any
time to free the bottom of theVessel from barnacles, concur
in pointing it out as a suitable place for the purpose.
The knowledge of the existence of such a vessel would
suffice to deter most commanders from risking an attack
with a vessel of wood, where the chances were so decid-
edly against them. ROBERT L. STEVENS.
The construction of floating batteries for the
protection of harbors is no original idea with Mr.
Stevens. It has been entertained by the first mil-
itary and naval men for the last two hundred
years, but the United States is the first nation
which ever entered upon the direct road to attain
this important object.
It will not be contended that a general system
of floating batteries is applicable to harbor defenses
in this country. It is only applicable to the bay
of New York or other large bays, where perma-
nent works, within proper ranges of channels,
cannot be constructed. In such places only these
batteries would be wanted.
To show that a gun upon a battery of this kind
is superior to guns afloat on shipboard, I have
only to refer to the history of naval warfare within
our own knowledge. It is proposed to construct
a floating battery of iron boiler plates, capable of
resisting a sixty-four pound shot, at a range of
thirty yards. It is to be scarcely elevated above
thewater-line, and will have so much steadiness as
to give the guns scarcely any motion. It is to be
nearly equivalent to guns on actual battery on
shore; and what guns in actual battery on shore
will do in comparison with guns afloat, is well
known.
Let us recur again to the experience of the pres-
ent generation:
"The name of Martello tower was adopted in conse-
quence of the good defense made by a small round tower
in the bay of Martello, in Corsica, in the year 1794, which,
although armed with one heavy gun only, beat off one or
two British =hips-of-war, without sustaining any material
injury from their fire.
" Sir Sidney Smith, in the Pompey, an eighty-gun ship,
the Hydra, of thnty-eight guns, and another frigate, an-
chored about eight hundred yards from a battel y of two guns,
situated on the extremity of Cape Leciza, and protected
by a tower in which were fivc-and-twenty Fiench soldiers
and a lieutenant. The line-of- battle ship, and the frigates
fired successive broadsides till their ammunition was nearly
expended, the battery eontiunally replying, with a slow
but destructive effect. The, Pompey, at which alone it di-
rected its fire, had forty shot in her hull, her mizzen top-mast
carried away, alieutenant, midshipman, and five men killed,
and thirty men wounded; at length, force proving ineffect-
ual, negotiation was resorted to, and after some hours' par-
ley, the officer, a Corsican, and relation of Napoleon, capit-
ulated. It then appeared that the carriage of one of the
two guns had failed on the second shot, and the gun had
been subsequently fiied, lyin* on the side of the embia-
sure; so that, in fact, the attack of an erghtv-gun ship and
two frigates had been resisted by a single" piece of ord-
nance."
Within our own knowledge, upon our own
coast, both in our revolutionary struggle, and
during the last war, particularly at Mobile Point
and at Sullivan's Island, it was shown that one
single gun on shore is worth twenty-five guns of
the same caliber afloat.
But I will refer to an occasion which must be
within the memory of all of us. At the taking; of
Vera Cruz—*
" The Mexicans brought nineteen guns only into action,
and man} of those were of small caliber, there being only
I one twenty-four pounder, and the remainder consisting of
| twelve, sixteen, and eighteen pounders., with one eight
i pounder. The^e reduced into twenty-four pounders, the
.--mallest size of guns generally used on ship-board, make
j the nineteen equivalent to twelve guns.
"The Fieneh ships mounted one hundred and eighty-
eight guns, or computing only one broadside, ninety-four
guns-, and four sea-mortars.
" The Mexicans permitted the French to be towed by
armed steamers into position, without molesting them,
and the firing commenced on the part of the assailants."
I refer to this action because even among mili-
tary men great misconception prevails in regard to
the affair at Vera Cruz:
"Earlv m tin; action, a shell fiom the fleet earned the
explosion of a magazine in the castle, which dismounted
three of the nineteen guns. The French fiiQd eight thou-
sand two hundred and fifty shot and shells, and, but for the
explosion caused by the negligence of the besieged, there
is nothing to account for the «urrendei of the fort. The ex-
aggerated statements of mjuiy infitcfed on the walls by
