2442
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 30,
gress; and I am not prepared to say that it is com-
petent for Congress to exercise any such power
as that over the judicial power of the Union. At
all events, it is a very objectionable exercise of
power, and one which can never receive my sup-
port.
Again, the second section of the amendment de-
clares " that the Wheeling and Belmont Bridge
Company are authorized to have and maintain
their said bridges at their present site and eleva-
tion." By what authority does Congress under-
take to say that a bridge across a navigable water
—if it obstructs navigation—shall be maintained?
Have you jurisdiction over the Ohio river? You
have, for the purpose of conducting commerce
upon it. But does the commercial power author-
ize Congress to build a road or a bridge ? Is it the
doctrine of State-Rights men, that within the limits
of sovereign States Congress can build a bridge
or a road, or authorize the bwilding of a bridge or
a road ? I had supposed that that jurisdiction be-
longed to the States exclusively; but here you
undertake to authorize a bridge across a navigable
water by authority of Congress.
Sir, it seems to me, that some of my friends
who advocate this bill, are a little aside from the
State-Rights doctrines which they maintain with
regard to the jurisdiction of the General Govern-
ment over commerce in constructing roads and
canals within the limits of sovereign States. I had
supposed that Congress did not possess any such
power. 1 had supposed that Congress had no
power to build a bridge across the harbor at New
Orleans, or the - Mississippi river. If it can au-
thorize a bridge, it can build it; and if so, the as-
sent of the State makes no difference with regard
to the power of Congress. I had supposed that
the power conferred by the Constitution to estab-
lish post offices and post roads, did not give us
power to build a road, or to build a bridge; and I
should like to know in what part of the Constitu-
tion this power is to be found?
Sir, I apprehend that every river is an arm of
the sea to the head of tide-water. Congress has
the same power over it, for all commercial pur-
poses, that it has over the ocean within a league
of the coast. And if any one will undertake to
say that the Mississippi river, with millions of
navigation, is not a navigable water beyond the
point—about five hundred miles above its mouth—
where the tide ceases to ebb and flow, we will
meet it and decide the question whether navigable
water does not extend above it in America, con-
sidering the magnitude of rivers upon this Con-
tinent.
But above all, the compacts of the States when
they were admitted into the Union, and the acts
of Congress admitting the northwestern and south-
western States, have in every case provided that
the Mississippi and Ohio rivers shall be navigable
waters free for all the States and all the people of
the Union. I apprehend that any obstruction of
these waters would stand upon the same ground
precisely as an obstruction across the mouth of
anv harbor.
But, sir, I did not intend to £o as far as I have
gone into this question at this late hour. I have
made theseremarks forthe purposeof bringingout,
and putting forth in its full strength, the idea that
is impressed upon myj-nind, that this is an im-
portant question that ought not to be discussed
upon this present post office bill. It is a question
that requires extensive discussion and considera-
tion; and it can be met as well for all practical
purposes at the next session of Congress, which
occurs in a few months from this time, without
interfering with the just rights of any of the sov-
ereign States of the Union. I am, therefore, en-
tirely opposed to incorporating this amendment
into this bill; and I think that this subject should
be left to rest until December next, when it may
be placed fully before the Senate, and fairly con-
sidered and deliberately disposed of. As the prop-
osition now stands it is, in my judgment, from
the best consideration I have been able to give to
it, a direct reversal of the decision of the Supreme
Court, and it is the assumption of the power to
build roads and bridges within the States of this
Union by authority of Congress.
Mr. PRATT. Before the honorable Senator
takes his seat I wish to ask him a question, i
understand him to announce as a constitutional
proposition that the power on the part of the Fed-
eral Government to authorize a post road to be
made authorizes the making of the road by the
Government. He contends that if the Govern-
ment can authorize a State or an individual to
make a road, the Government could make the road
itself. How do you limit the power? Power is
given by the Constitution " to establish post offices
and post roads." The Constitution does not say
that the States or individuals shall make them.
Where, then, does the Senator derive the author-
ity ?
Mr. TOUCEY. I derive the authority over
roads from the authority of every State in the
Union. Every State in the Union must have roads.
That was the condition of things when the Con-
stitution was adopted. When the Constitution
gives power to Congress " to establish post offices
and post roads," it does not mean the power to
build roads, but to establish existing roads as post
roads. Such has been the construction of that
article of the Constitution heretofore. It does not
confer the power to build a road or to build a
bridge, or authorize a State to build a road, or
build a bridge; but if a State does it, it does it by
its own intrinsic sovereignty, and not by any con-
sent of Congress. But if the States establish
roads, Congress may use them for the purpose of
transporting the mails, or the States must go with-
out the mails, if they do not make roads; but that
is an impossible position.
Mr. HALE. I rose for the purpose of making
a few remarks, but it is suggested that we can
have a vote. I have no doubt that I can make a
very good speech, but I am so anxious to have a
vote that I will give way.
Mr. BRADBURY. I shall detain the Senate
but a moment. I desire to call attention to the
phraseology of the amendment, which, it seems
to me, contains an assertion of power which is in
terms somewhat objectionable. It declares that
the Wheeling and Belmont Bridge Company are
authorized to have and maintain their bridge at its
present height and elevation. That bridge span-
ning the Ohio rests one side in Virginia, and the
other in Ohio. Congress steps in, and says to the
company you are authorized to have and maintain
this bridge at that spot. Now, is that an assertion
of power which it is proper for Congress to make?
Is this Government to go into the States and pre-
scribe where such structures shall stand, and in
such terms that the States cannot remove them ?
Mr. UNDERWOOD. The gentleman will al-
low me to correct him in point of fact. The
structure is wholly in Virginia. It rests upon
Zane's Island in the river, which is within the
jurisdiction of Virginia.
Mr. BRADBURY. I was under the impression
that the bridge was in both States; but that does
not change the argument. I submit whether it
would not be better to lay the bill over, so that
we may consider it early in the next session. We
can then adopt such phraseology as will relieve it
of the embarrassments which are felt by many.
Mr. BRODHEAD. We have a very thin
Senate at present. It is now approaching twelve
o'clock. I move, therefore, that the Senate ad-
journ, so that we can take the vote on Monday
morning.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. BRODHEAD called forthe yeas and nays
upon the amendment; and they were ordered;and
being taken, resulted—yeas 33, nays 10; as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Badger, Bayard, Borland, Brooke,
Chailton, Olaike, Davis, Dawson, Dod<re of Iowa, Downs,
Fi-h, Geyer, Hale, Houston, Hunter, James, Jones of Iowa,
Mallory, Mangum, Mason, Meriwether, Morton, Pearce,
Pratt, itusk,Smith,Soule, Spruance, Sumner, Underwood,
Wade, Walker, and Waller—33
NAYS—Messrs. Bradbury, Brodhead, Chase, De Satis-
sure, Foot, Gwin, Norris, Seward, Stockton, and Tou-
cey—10.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RUSK. I have another amendment to
offer:
Sec. —. And he it further enacted, That the Postmaster
General be, and lie i3 hereby, authorized, if he shall deem
it proper, to advertise for and establish service upon the
regular mail route between New Orleans and certain Gulf
ports of Florida.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was then reported to the Senate as
amended, the amendments were concurred in, and
ordered to be engrossed; and having been en-
grossed, the bill was read a third time and passed.
On motion by Mr. RUSK, its title was amended,
by adding thereto the words, " and for other pur-
OCEAN STEAMERS.
On motion by Mr. HUNTER, the Senate pro-
ceeded, as in Committee of the Whole, to consider
the bill from the House of Representatives, making
appropriations for the transportation of the United
States mail, by ocean steamers and otherwise,
during the fiscal year ending the 30th of June,
1853. It proposes to appropriate:
" For the transportation of the mails fiora New York to
Liverpool, $858,000.
" For the transportation of the mails fiom New York to
New Orleans, Charleston, Savannah, Havana, Charleston,
and back, $290,000.
"Forthe transportation of the mailsfrom Panamato Cal-
ifornia and Oregon, and back, ,$348,250.
" For the tiansportation of the mails from New Yoik to
Southampton and Bremen, and back, and to Cowes and
Havre, and back, $294,000.
" For the transportation of the mails between Charleston
and Havana, $50,0^0.
"For the transportation of the mails across the Isthmus of
Panama, $100,000."
Mr. HUNTER. The bill is to carry out exist-
ing laws; nothing more.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a third
time, and passed.
JAMES CLAMORGAN.
Mr. HALE, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported a bill for the relief of the
legal representatives of James Clamorgan, de-
ceased; winch was read and passed to the second
reading. The report was ordered to be printed.
HOUR OP MEETING.
On motion by Mr. HUNTER,
Ordered, That when the Senate adjourns, it be to meet on
Monday morning at ten o'clock.
NAVY APPROPRIATION BILL.
On motion by Mr. HUNTER, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider, as in Committee of the Whole,
the bill from the House of Representatives making
appropriations for the naval service for the year
ending June 30th, 1853.
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Monday, August 30, 1852.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. C. M. Butler.
The reading of the Journal was dispensed with.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
On motion by Mr. GWIN, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, resumed the consider-
ation of the bill making appropriations for the
naval service for the year ending June 30, 1853,
which was reported from the Committee on Pi-
nance, with various amendments.
The first amendment of the committee was in
the clause "for pay of commission, warrant, and
petty officers, and seamen, including the engineer
corps of the Navy, $2,771,448," to strike out
"448," and insert "698;" and add to the clause
the following:
" Provided, That from and after the 1st of July, 1852, the
salary of the secretary of the Naval Academy at Annapolis
shall be $1,250."
Mr. HUNTER. That is an increase of §250
on the present salary of the secretary of the Na-
val School at Annapolis. It is made upon the
urgent recommendation of the Department, and it
is the only salary which we propose to increase.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
strike out of the bill the following words:
"And hereafter no appointment of midshipman, acting
midshipman, or pupil, at any naval school in the Navy,
shall be made, unless recommended by the member of Con-
gress representing the district in which the applicant re-
sides, in the same manner that cadets at West Point are
now appointed; and that the Secretary of the Navy is here-
by required to report to this House, at its second session,
the number and names of appointments to the Naval School
which have been made, and the district and State whence
each one comes, and the number of vacancies then exist-
ing at said school, with the Congressional district which
may be entitled to supply them, and a statement of the or-
der in which the remainder of the Congressional districts
shall be entitled to supply all futute and accruing vacan-
cies, so far as it may be determined by existing law, or by
circumstances."
Mr. HUNTER. The committee thought that
this was a matter of legislation which we have no
time now to consider properly, and that it was of
