1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
6*67
mittee who made that recommendation, as I
understand by my friend from Iowa that that
recommendation was unanimous, I will withdraw
my motion to agree to the House amendment, and
• that may lead to the appointment of a committee
of conference.
The PRESIDENT. The question is, will the
Senate agree to the amendment of the House of
Representatives ?
Mr. HUNTER. I think there would be some
danger, were the Senate to agree to that amend-
ment. 1 understand that the Committee on Public
Lands are unanimous. They think that some of
the changes made in the House would lead to se-
rious consequences.
Mr. BA DGER. Then I move to disagree with
the amendment.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope we shall disagree with
the amendment, and leave the bill as we sent it to
the House. I think it is a safer bill as we sent it
to the House than it is in its present shape.
Mr. BORLAND. I am sorry that the chair-
man of the Committee on Public Lands is not here
to present to the Senate the views of the commit-
tee; but I can state that the committee were unan-
imous in disagreeing to the amendment of the
House, and in insisting on the bill as it passed the
Senate. I do not feel prepared to go fully into the
subject, and for that reason I should be unwilling
to see a vote taken on this amendment without
some explanation of the matter, so that the Senate
may clearly understand it.
Mr. BADGER. We all understand it. Let us
take the vote upon it.
Mr. BORLAND. If I thought so I would be
willing 
Mr. BADGER. The question has been dis-
cussed here for years.
Mr. BORLAND. Then all I have to say is,
that there are good reasons with which I will not
now occupy the attention of the Senate, that would
satisfy the Senate fully, not only as to the pro-
priety of the bill as we passed it, but as to the
great impropriety and impolicy of the amendment
proposed by the House, particularly to that part
of it which extends thg operation of the bill and
gives greater facilities for the location of these land
warrants.
Mr. DAVIS. I desire to hear that part of the
bill read which the House has retained.
The PRESIDENT. The House has retained
the first section only.
The provision was read accordingly.
Mr. CASS. That I understand is the section
which was passed by the Senate. I should like
now to hear what change is proposed to be made
in the bill. _ , .
The PRESIDENT. The change proposed is
to strike out all the other sections of the bill as it
passed the Senate, and substitute provisions which
nave been adopted by the House of Representa-
tlVMr. CASS. It is said that the House of Rep-
resentatives have made material changes in the bill
in regard to the location of the land warrants.
Mr. BADGER. The House of Representatives
proposes to strike out everything except the first
section, and then to add provisos.
Mr. CASS. Well, let the provisos be read.
They were read accordingly.
The bill as amended by the House of Repre-
sentatives is as follows:
" Be it enacted, #c., That all warrants for military bounty
land, which have been or may hereafter be issued under
any law ol the United States, and all valid locations ol the
tame, which have been, or may hereafter be made, are
hereby declared to be assignable, by deed or instrument ot
writing, made and executed after the taking effect of this
act according to such form, and pursuant to such re ilia
tions as may be prescribed by the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office, so as to vest the assignee with all the
ri hts of the ongmal owners of the warrantor location.
Prodded That any person entitled to preemption right to
anv land shall be entitled to use any such land warrant in
navment of the same, at the rate of .$1 2? P?r for *'le
nnaiititv of land therein specified : Provided., I hat the u .tr-
ninis which havi been, or mav hereafter be issued, in pur
4"nclofsaYd act orof tins act, may be. located uponj any
lands ot the United States subject to private entty at the
time of such location, atthc minimum price : Frondcd fur-
ther That when said warrants shall he located upon lands
tker, that w ^ ^ atagreater mimraum than ?l 2,
• J -"said warrants shall pay to the
The PRESIDENT. Those portions of the bill j
will be read. i
Mr. HUNTER. I think I can explain the dif- i
ference satisfactorily to the Senator from Pennsyl- |
vania without the necessity of again reading those
portions of the bill. The great difference between !
the sections of the bill as it went from the Senate,
and the provisions which the House of Represent-
atives propose to substitute is this: The House
proposes to allow bounty land warrants to be lo-
cated on any lands hereafter to be exposed for
sale. There was a provision in the civil and dip-
lomatic appropriation bill of the last year provid-
ing that these warrants should only be located on
those lands'which were then exposed for sale.
The result would be that we should derive no rev-
enue, for a considerable time at least, from the
public lands. If we adhere to the bill as we sent
it to the House of Representatives, we may'still
derive a revenue from the lands broughtinto mar-
ket after the passage of the act.
Mr. SHIELDS. I am very sorry that the
chairman of the committee which reported this bill
is not present to explain it, as it was originally re-
ported. If I understand the matter correctly , it is
a bill which passed the Senate originally with a
provision, in addition to making the land warrants
assignable, to pay the registers and receivers at
the land offices. I had something to do, being on
the Committee on Public Lands, with the prepar-
ation of the original bill. It passed the Senate
and went to the House, and the House lias struck
out all that relates to the compensation of the re-
gisters and receivers, and sent the bill back, sim-
ply providing for the assignability of land war-
rants, with some other small amendments.
Now, for one, I shall oppose the passage of
any bill of that kind until the House consents to
make some provision for those officers who are
now performing their duties withoutany compen-
sation. I am actually astonished, that gentlemen
of the ooposite party, as I saw them do in the
House, "should blindly and inconsiderately vote
against making any provision for the men who are
now in office, receiving no compensation what-
ever.
This is a subject that I understand, having been
at one time at the head of the Land Office, and be-
ing also a representative of a Western State; and
I know these officers cannot perform their duty
without compensation. Sir, in my own State
there is not a man in any of these land offices
who is receiving anything more than a mere nom-
inal compensation. All the lands are now entered
by land warrants, and the law has allowed them
no compensation, or what is only a mere nominal
one, for that duty, and yet the labor is fourfold,
even more than fourfold, what it is when the en-
try is made by a cash payment.
This matter was all well considered by the com-
mittee in regard to the original bill,and our inten-
tion was that we would make this carry through
the other bill. I am satisfied from what I see,
that unless we hold on here to the original bill,
we shall never get any provision made for the men
who are now pei forming duty as land officers. I
cannot go into the history of the legislation upon
this subject; it would take too long a time to do so;
but I call on any Senator from a Western State to
say whether these men can live as officers without
receiving further compensation. There are gen-
tlemen here who have been officers themselves,
and they will sustain me in what I have stated.
It is very singular that we must fight for those \
verv nien who have been put in by the Adminis- '
J  : i j1,„ A.I I-, vi /1c  -> f t li ^ A /•! ivi t n -
by the terms of the bill itself, of the compensation
to which they were entitled by the law which ex-
isted when they went into office. They are by
law entitled to a specific salary, and in addition
to that, to a percentage upon the money which
they receive.
This bill, by making the land warrants receiv- ■
able for land, of course deprives them of the per-
centage they would receiye upon cash receipts;
and at the same time, as the Senator from Illinois
remarked, making their labor fourfold, or more
than fourfold, greater than before. I think we
have no right to pass this bill making land war-
rants assignable, or giving land warrants at all for
military services, without at the same time pro-
viding for these officers in some other way the
amount of compensation they would be entitled
to but for the passage of this bill. Under laws
long existing, these officers have gone into office,
an-d were entitled to receive a certain compensa-
tion for their services. We now go to work and
legislate them out of the compensation to which
they were lawfully entitled, it seems to me that
that sense of justice which every Senator must en-
tertain, would compel us to make this provision
for them, and allow them a fair compensation for
their labor.
Sir, this amendment is objectionable in another
respect, for it deprives a large number of merito-
rious individuals of a provision of bounty lands,
who have claims equally meritorious as those we
have provided for. The object of the bill, as it
passed the Senate, is to put' all persons on the
same footing who have rendered military service
to the country. It was not to discriminate, but to
place all who were equally meritorious upon the
same footing. The amendment, as it comes from
the House, strikes out tins provision of the bill,
and discriminates offensively and injuriously.
But I said that the amendment not only struck
out portions of the bill which were themselves
meritorious, but added a feature which is seriously
objectionable. The first section of the bill, as it
passed the Senate, permitted the land warrants to
be located upon any land in market, and subject
to entry at private sale, with proper restrictions.
The House has so amended it that they throw
open the whole body of the public lands, not only
that which we have now, but that which we may
have hereafter; and subjects the whole to the oper-
ation of these land warrants. The effect of it
must be, as any one can see, to induce speculators
to monopolize the land warrants and hoard them
up, or concentrate them on large tracts of land
which are not now in the market, and not only
deprive the Government, in this way, of all rev-
enue to be derived from the public lands—which
seems to be a consideration with those who look
to the public lands as a source of revenue—but
seriously injure those who have located m the
country, by preventing the settlement of thecoun-
try and the opening of it to improvement, and con-
sequently preventing an increase in the value of
the lands.
1 am sorry that I had not^expected to be called
on to explain this subject, in order that I might
have prepared myself to present the views which
were given in the committee in a proper manner to
the Senate. These are the reasons which oper-
ated upon the committee in objecting to the amend-
ment of the House, and recommending that we
should insist upon the bill as it passed the Senate.
I think the proper course will he to insist upon
the bill as we passed it, and let it go back to the
House, and a committee of conference be appointed
tmUon^aii^ fight against the friends Admin- j I t0 j^^^opj'niO'nl^'he most expe-
istration to get a compensation for them, not in ;l Mr. 1JAVJS. in my up , . r
this body, but in the House of Representatives. I
have been astonished to see the contest there.
wlueli are —, -
ted on." « j• r>
Mr. BRODHEAD. I ask for the reading of
those sections which the House of Representatives
propose to strike out.
   . I,
shall oppose the passage of this bill in any shape, s
unless it provides a compensation for the officers j
which I have named. I
Mr. BORLAND. I am sorry to be under the
necessity of speaking upon this subject, and I am !
sorry that the chairman of the committee is not 1
present; but I think I represent the committee
fairly when I say that the amendment ©f the ;
House strikes out the best features of the bill, as
it passed the Senate, and it adds another which i
makes it very objectionable. They struck out j
that portion of the bill spoken of by the honorable i
Senator from Illinois, thereby refusing additional •
compensation to the land officers, and refusing it
too at the very same time that they deprive them, i
dient course for the Senate to pursue is to agiee
to the amendment proposed by the House. My
reasons for suggesting this as the more appropriate
course, are founded principally upon the fact that
a Jaro-e number of the persons who were benefited
by the act of 1850, were by that act denied the
privilege of using and disposing of the benefit
which is conferred upon them, according to their
own judgment. They are insulted, I may say,
with a provision in that bill, denying to them the
right of transferring this property according to
their own judgment and discretion. It is that
offensive feature of the bill which we set out to re-
move when we began to legislate upon this subject;
and by that portion of the bill which is now left,
it is removed, and therefore it is that I would vote
to concur in the amendment of the House, m order
