1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2443
doubtful propriety to adopt that provision. We
thought it therefore better to postpone it.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. If I understand that
part of the bill which the committee recommend
to strike out, it proposes to introduce the same
system in regard to the appointments of boys to
the Naval School that we have in regard to the
Military Academy, if that be the object, I hope
the amendment may not prevail. I do not think
we want any discussion upon a subject so plain as
that; at least, if I understand it, my mind is satis-
fied to vote without any discussion upon it. I
would therefore ask the chairman of the commit-
tee to explain to me whether that part of the bill
does not propose to put the appointments to the
Naval School precisely upon the same footing
with appointments to the Military School at West
Point ?
Mr. HUNTER. It does not put them precisely
upon the same footing. It puts them on the same
footing so far as Congressional districts are con-
cerned; but there is no provision in the clause for
appointments at large. The doubt in the commit-
tee was, whether there ought not to be some pro-
vision for appointments at large by the President,
and whether Senators each ought not to possess
the power of naming one. Under these circum-
stances, we think it better to postpone the consid-
eration of the subject until the next session.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I hope we will let the
clause remain, and if it should become politic here-
after to extend the patronage of the President, by
allowing him the same privilege with reference to
thf Naval School that he has with reference to the
Military Academy, it will be easy to introduce an
amendment of that sort next session, when we
can consider it. If it be proper to extend the
privilege to members of the Senate, so as to give
them a little patronage, we can take that also into
consideration next session. At present, by ad-
hering to the bill as it came from the House, we
wiil just put the appointments in the Navy upon
the footing of appointments in the Army. I hope
the amendment will not be agreed to.
A division was had upon the amendment, but
before the result was announced,
Mr. HALE asked for the yeas and nays upon
it, and they were ordered.
Mr. GWIN. I should like a full understanding
of this provision to be had. It was introduced
into the other House without the recommendation
of any committee, and without any mature delib-
eration. It was the object of the Committee on
Finance, as well as the Commmittee on Naval
Affairs of the Senate, to mature a plan for these
appointments. There is an application before the
Committee on Naval Affairs, from the Secretary
of the Navy, asking that the President may have
power to appoint ten boys to the Naval School,
in the same manner that he has to make appoint-
ments to West Point, on the ground that meri-
torious officers in the Navy, not having any local-
ity, being ordered from point to point, have no
opportunity to have conferred upon their sons the
benefits of this school. The object of the Com-
mittee on Finance, as well as of the Committee on
Naval Affairs, is to bring forward, at the next
session, when there will be time to mature it, a
bill in connection with this subject, giving also the
power to Senators to nominate.
Mr. ATCHISON. I voted under a misappre-
hension m regard to this case. I voted, upon a
division, to strike the clause from the bill. Now,
I think, it is a proper clause. I know nothing
which will distribute pationage, so far as the Naval
School and the Navy are concerned, th:m the
clause as it came from the House. The Senator
from California's argument is, that there are cer-
tain officers in the Navy who have no fixed resi-
dence.
Mr. GWIN. I said that the Secretary of the
Navy had applied to Congress to confer the power
upon the President to appoint ten boys to the
Naval School at large, as the cadets of West Point
are appointed, on the ground that there are many
meritorious officers of the Navy who never could
get a boy into the Naval School under this pro-
vision, unless appointments at large were made.
Mr. ATCHISON. I will guarantee that those
officers will get their share, and more than their
share.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. Every officer of the
Navy comes from some place.
Mr. ATCHISON. Yes, sir, and he has a citi-
zenship in some place. The fact of his being an
officer in the Navy does not deprive him of citi-
zenship; for the moment he leaves the Navy, I
presume that moment he is entitled to all the
rights and privileges of the State in which he re-
sided when he was appointed. I am decidedly in
favor of the clause as it stands; and I repeat I
voted for striking it out under an entire misappre-
hension, upon thegeneral principle that everything
that we strike from the bill has a tendency to per-
fect it.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I am against all monop-
olies in behalf of families or individuals in appoint-
ments in the Navy, and my object is to spread
these appointments through all the sections of
the Union, and thereby secure in every Con-
gressional district an interest on behalf of this
great arm of the public defense. If you do that,
you will secure an interest in the Navy, in the in-
terior States, which has never been felt before, and
you will be disseminating officers throughout the
country, as well as on the sea-board. In regard
to the objection of my friend from California, that
we have no time to mature the subject, I will only
say, let us make this commencement, and at the
next session we can give the privilege to the Pres-
ident and to Senators, if we think proper to en-
large it.
Mr. BADGER. I hope the provision will be
stricken out. I agree with my friend from Ken-
tucky in the main object which he has in view;
but the proposition to retain in this bill a provision
that there is to be one midshipman taken from each
Congressional district, and that he is to be ap-
pointed upon the nomination of the members of
the House of Representatives, has, to my mind,
two objections. In the first place, it deprives all
the members of this body of any interest, direct
or indirect, in proposing the appointment of any
person in that arm of the public service; and as all
officers of whatever grade—all commissioned offi-
cers—are originally midshipmen, and are pro-
moted from that corps, it of course gives to the
members of the House of Representatives the
designation and appointment of all the officers in
the Navy from this time hereafter. I can see no
justice or propriety in that.
A Senator. That power is now possessed by
the executive department.
Mr. BADGER. The fact of the executive de-
partment possessing that power, is no reason that
it should be engrossed anywhere else. Then, in
the next place, as my friend from New York
[Mr. Fish] reminds me, that is not a provision
of law. It is an arrangement, or custom, or regu-
lation, existing in the Department. It is not im-
posed by any law at all. Then, I have another
objection to this: it is an indirect way of con-
ferring the appointment of officers of the United
States upon individual members of the House of
Representatives. Now, under the Constitution,
Congress can confer the appointment of no officer
otherwise than as the Constitution has devolved
it, except upon the President alone, the courts of
law, or the heads of Departments. But what is
this provision but saying that the appointments of
officers of the Navy of the United States shall be
made by the members severally of the House of
Representatives, when, according to the Constitu-
tion, we could not give the whole House the right,
nor both Houses put together the right, to make
the appointments? I hope the clause will be
stricken out.
Mr. MALLORY. The fifth section of the
naval appropriation act of the 3d of March, 1845,
reaches the position setup by the honorable Sen-
ator from Kentucky. By that section, midship-
men are to be appointed especially with regard to
the Congressional districts, in all the States and
Territories. Now, it is supposed that that section
has not been rigidly adhered to, but that midship-
men have been appointed from districts where
they did not reside. This provision of the bill is
no doubt designed to correct that; but, as the hon-
orable Senator from North Carolina observes, it
will deprive every member of this body from ex-
ercising any influence in the selection of midship-
' men m the Navy, and give it all to the members
of the House; whereas, now, as the law stands,
it refers it to the Congressional districts, without
specifying what branch of Congress shall exercise
or control the appointment.
Mr. DOWNS. I do not think that the reason
urged by the Senators from California and North
Carolina is a sufficient reason why this provision
should be stricken out. The committee propose
to strike it out. Now, it will be easy to amend
that provision. It provides that onepupil or mid-
shipman shall be appointed from each Congres-
sional district. There will be no difficulty in
amending it by adding " and ten at large," so as
to put the appointments of the Naval Academy
on the same footing as the cadets at West Point.
There is a provision of law that the appointments
shall be made in each Congressional district. It
certainly was an omission when that law was
passed, that it was not put in, that there should
be appointments made at large. If the committee
want to perfect this as they say, let them add to
it, " and ten at large." That will put it on pre-
cisely the same footing as the appointment of ca-
dets at West Point. I will therefore move to
amend the provision by inserting in that part of
the bill which specifies*that one shall be appointed
from each Congressional district, the words, " and
ten from the States at large."
Mr. HUNTER. I would suggest that the
number of midshipmen is fixed by law, and we
have not time now to amend the system.
Mr. DOWNS. This is not a new system. It
is the system adopted in regard to the Military
Academy.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator's amendment
will increase the number of midshipmen. I made
my remarks in reference to that. It will alter the
existing law in regard to the number of midship-
men, and we have no time to consider that now.
Mr. DOWNS. I suppose adding ten to the
number for three months would not make any
great difference; but if the committee think there
are insuperable objections to it, I shall not insist
on my amendment.
Mr. DAWSON. I intended to vote to strike
out this provision, and I shall do so yet. The
appointing power of all officers in the Army and
Navy is vested in the executive department. Have
we the power to confer that appointing power
upon the representatives of the different Con-
gressional districts of the United States? If we
have not, then the proposition of the committee
should be adopted. I believe we have not. What
we cannot do directly we cannot do indirectly.
The President of the United States has issued an
order, affecting both the Army and Navy in ap-
pointments of this kind, cadets and midshipmen—
that in making the selection they shall be taken
from each Congressional district, with a view to
spread the appointments over the whole Union.
This is an Executive order, instructing his sub-
ordinates how to act, and is altogether right and
constitutional; but we must not usurp the power,
and declare that the executive part of the Gov-
ernment shall make an officer, a midshipman, or a
cadet out of an individual who shall be recom-
mended to him by Representatives. If we do that,
it would be denying to the President the right of
exercising his discretion. 1 state now, that when
there are a dozen applicants in one Congressional
district, and the Representative of the district pre-
fers an individual, he is generally respected; but
still the Government retains the right of exercising
its own discretion and selecting from the number.
I therefore shall vote to strike out this provision,
upon the ground that it is an effort to take away
from the Executive a power belonging solely to
him.
Mr. DOWNS. The Senator is in error on one
point, as to its being a regulation in the Depart-
ment to make the selections from the districts.
There is a law providing that the appointments
shall be made from each Congressional district.
Mr. DAWSON. I say the appointment is con-
fined to the district, but not to the nomination by
a Representative.
Mr. DOWNS. It is the same authority that is
exercised in the appointment of cadets. I do not
know why it should not be here. As to the con-
stitutional objection, that these persons are officers,
they are not officers at all. This provides merely
for the education of persons, and they receive no
commission whde receiving that education.
Mr. SEWARD. I think there is much force in
what has been said by the Senators from Georgia
and North Carolina, that we cannot control or di-
rect the President in the appointment of midship-
men; but I have no doubt that we can effect the
same object by a legisiativeprovision, which shall
secure the appointment of one from each district.
