imo
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 15,
House to take tjiem up. Should there beany bill
among them, when taken up far consideration, to
which there is objection, I shall not press its pas-
sage. I only ask, that those to which there snail
be no objection, be taken up and disposed of.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask for the exe-
cution of the special order. I have great anxiety
to get through with the reports of the Committee
on Public Lands, which I hope we will be able to
do to-day.
Mr. FOWLER. I ask the gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Jones] to give way a moment,
until I can offer certain resolutions of the Legisla-
ture of Massachusetts.
Mr. MEADE. I object to that, unless I am
allowed the same privilege.
Mr. JONES. I call for the regular order of
business.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I ask the gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] to withdraw his ob-
jection to my proposition, for the morning hour
will be devoted to reports from committees, and
it is important that these bills should be consid-
ered.
Mr. JONES. I shall have no objection to take
up these bills, when we get through with the re-
ports of the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. HUNTER. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the bill in relation to preemption rights
upon lands along the line of the Illinois Central
Railroad was just passed, and that the motion to
reconsider do lie upon the table.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Meade] has already submitted a motion
to reconsider the vote by which the main question
was ordered to be put, upon the bill submitted by
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Bennett,]
making a grant of lands to aid in the construction
of railroads, and for other purposes.
Mr. BENNETT. I move to lay that motion
upon the table, and upon that motion I demand
the ye«s and miys.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I wish to make
an inquiry of the Chair before that motion is put.
If the vote is reconsidered by which the main
question was ordered to be put, will it not be com-
petent to submit a motion to the House, that the
further consideration of the bill be postponed to
this day week ?
The SPEAKER. That motion certainly will
be in order after the reconsideration of the vote by
which the previous question was seconded.
Mr. STEPHENS. 1 hope the House will not
lay the motion upon the table, but will reconsider
the vote by which the main question was ordered,
reconsider the second to the previous question,
and then postpone the further consideration of the
bill until next Tuesday.
Mr. MEADE. I beg leave to state to the gen-
tleman from Georgia [Mr. Stephens] that my
object in moving this reconsideration, is to have
the bill referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, where we can take
such action upon it for the future as we may think
necessury. I think that would be the better order
to make in reference to it.
Mr. STEPHENS. I am opposed to the refer-
ence, and in favor of passing the bill, l-iut the
House is thin, and I think there can be no objec-
tion to allowing the matter to go over, by com-
mon consent, to Tuesday next.
Mr. MEADE. I have no objection to that.
Mr. STEPHENS. Then I appeal to the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Bennett] to with-
draw his motion, and to the House to let this bill
go over to next Tuesday.
Mr. BENNETT. 1 will not object to this sub-
ject going over to next Tuesday.
The SPEAKER. The motion to lay upon the
table the motion to reconsider is withdrawn.
Mr. COBB. What is the question before the
House ?
TheSPEAKER. It is to reconsider the vote
by which the main question was ordered.
Mr. STEPHENS. I made an appeal to the
House, that by unanimous consent, this bill shall
be postponed until next Tuesday.
Air. KfNGr, of New York. I object.
Mr. BENNETT. I renew my motion.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. I would in-
quire if a motion to postpone is in order?
The SPEAKER. It would not be in order in
the present condition of the bill. The gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Bennett] moves to
l§.y ijpon the t$ble the motion to reconsider the
vote ordering the main question to be put.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Would it be in
order to move to lay this whole subject upon the
table ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it would
be in order.
Mr. JONES. Then I make that motion.
Mr. MEADE. I rise to a question of order.
It seems to me that the motion I made is a priv-
ileged motion, and takes precedence of the one
submitted by the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Jones.]
The SPEAKER. All three of the motions
pending are privileged questions. The motion to
reconsider is privileged, the motion to lay the mo-
tion to reconsider upon the table is privileged, and
the motion to lay the whole subject upon the ta-
ble is privileged, and of a higher grade than either
of the others, and takes precedence.
Mr. MEADE. It seems to me that the ques-
tion now before the House, is the motion to re-
consider the vote ordering the main question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Bennett] moves to lay that motion
upon the table.
Mr. MEADE. Does it not take precedence of
the motion made by the gentleman from Tennes-
see to lay the whole subject upon the table?
The SPEAKER. The Chan* again states that
all three motions pending are privileged ones, and
in the opinion of the Chair, the one made by the
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] is of a
higher grade, affecting the entire biil.
Mr. MEADE. I would simply suggest to the
Chair, that the question to which his motion refers
is not now up for consideration.
The SPEAKER. The bill is before this body,
and is the first thing in order this morning. The
gentleman's motion to reconsider would make it
so, if nothing else, and,#n the opinion of the Chair,
the motion of the gentleman from Tennessee
should be first put.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I was about
to suggest to the gentleman from Virginia, [Air.
Meade] that the Speaker is clearly rigM, because
such motion disposes of the whole subject.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is very clear on
that subject.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Stale and un-
profitable as this whole debate is, I move that the
House do now adjourn.
Mr. STEPHENS. I demand the yeas and
nays upon the motion. I wish we m^ln adjourn
if they intend to pass a vote upon this lull in the
present thin condition of this House.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. STEPHENS. I withdraw the demand for
the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. _ The yeas and nays have
been ordered, and it is too late for the gentleman
to withdaw his call.
I Mr. STEPHENS. Then 1 hope the gentle-
j man from Arkansas [Air. Jou.vbo.v] will" with-
| draw his motion to adjourn.
I Mr. JOHNSON. I withdraw the motion to
j adjourn.
I Mr. STEPHENS. Now, I renew the motion
j to adjourn.
I Air. RICHARDSON. I demand theyeas find
i nays upon that motion.
; The yeas and nays were ordered.
| The question was then taken, and it was de-
i cided m the negative—yeas 73, nays 87.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Is u in order
to move a call of the House?
The SPEAKER. It is not m order. Themo-
tion pending, and first to be put, is the motion to
lay upon the table.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I will present a propo-
sition to the House which I trust will meet with
general acceptance. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House this morning to permit to be taken
up and passed the territorial bills which were re-
ported from the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, now lying upon the Speaker'5
table.
Objection was made.
Mr. STANLY. I shall have no objection to
i the proposition of the gentleman from Illinois af-
| ter the expiration of the morning hour. 1 hope
| by unanimous consent the consideration of the
1 bill reported by the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Bennett,] may be postponed until Tuesday
next.
Mr. STUART. I object to that.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I move that
the House do now adjourn. *
Mr. JOHN W. HOWE. I demand the yeas
and nays upon that motion.
The SPEAKER. The motion to adjourn is
not now in order, for the reason that no regular
business has intervened between the submitting of
the present, and the rejecting of the same motion
a few moments ago.
Mr. BENNETT. I move 9. call of the House.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in order.
Mr. BENNETT. I take an appeal from that
decision of the Chair.
Mr. HOWE. I demand the yeas and nays
upon the appeal.
The SPEAKER. A motion was submitted for
a call of the House, which the Chair decided to
be out of order. From that decision an appeal
has been taken by the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Bennett,] and upon that appeal, the yeas
and nays have been demanded by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Howe.]
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I move that
the House do now adjourn.
Mr. HOWE. I demand the ye?s and nays
upon that motion.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is it in order to
move to reconsider the vote by which the House
resolved to adjourn until Friday r
Mr. CLINGMAN. Not pending this question
to adjourn, I take it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it would
be in order.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I move, then, to lay that
motion upon the table, and demand the yeas and
nays thereon.
Mr. JONES. I have not submitted the motion
yet.
The yeas and nays were ordered on the motion
to adjourn.
Mr. A1ARSHALL, of Kentucky. I withdraw
the motion to adjourn.
jl Air. STANTON, of Tennessee. I renew it.
I Mr. MARSHALL, of California. I demand
tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Marshall
of California, and Stanton of Tennessee, were
appointed.
The question was then put, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 80, noes 47.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio, demanded the yeas
nays; which were ordered.
The question was then taken upon the motion
to adjourn, and it was disagreed to—yeas 72,
nays 87.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. FOWLER. Has the morning hour ex-
pired.
TheSPEAKER. The morning hour has not
j expired.
; The question then recurred upon the motion to
: lay upon the table the appeal taken from the de-
| cision of the Chair.
j Mr. CLINGMAN demanded the yeas and
j nays, which were ordered.
' Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It lacks only a
j minute or a minute and a half of the expiration of
! the morning hour, if I am correct, and I therefore,
I with the unanimous consent,move that the House
: proceed to the consideration of the business upon
! the Speaker's table. There are upon the table
j Executive communications which should be re-
j ferred.
! There was no objection, and the House pro-
I ceeded to the consideration of the business upon
1 the Speaker's table.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
! lowing communication from the President of the
i United States:
To the Senate and House o f Representatives :
I transmit to Congress a report from the Secretary of
State on thp subject of the disorders on the Rio Grande
frontier, and recommend the legislation which it suggests,
in older that tho duties and obligations of this Government
occasioned thprpby may be more effectually discharged,
and the ppace and security of the inhabitants of rhe Uni-
ted States in that quarter more efficiently maintained.
MILLARD FILLMORE.
Washington, June 11, 1852.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved that it be
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and printed; which motion was agreed to.
