2444
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 30>
I shall therefore change my vote, and shall vote
for striking out this provision, for the purpose of
substituting another in its place—one which will
reach that object as nearly as we have the power
to do, and bring the law precisely upon the foun-
dation of the law in relation to appointments to
the Military Academy. I shall propose, there-
fore, at the proper time, a substitute something like
this:
And hereafter the President shall appomtfrom the United
States at large, ten of the pupils of the Naval School, ami
that other appointments shall be made, so as to seeiire al-
ways, as far as possible, one pupil, midshipman, or acting
midshipman, in the Navy, from each Congressional dis-
trict.
Mr. BADGER. 1 will suggest to the Senator
from New York that, as far as that arrangement
is concerned, there is no necessity for any legisla-
tion. There is a law already in force to spread
these appointments over tfee Congressional dis-
tricts; and if the Senator will go to the Navy De-
partment at any time, and inquire whether there
is a vacancy m any Congressional district, he will
find lists there showing the precise state of the
appointments. They there equalise the appoint-
ments as far as they can. The rule is to appoint
one from each Congressional district. The only
difference between the bill as it stands and the ex-
isting practice is, that the bill proposes that the
appointment shall be made on the nomination of
the member from the district; whereas, as the law
now stands, we have as much right to recom-
mend a person from the district, as a member of
the House of Representatives.
Mr. SEWARD. I thank the honorable Sena-
tor from North Carolina for his information; but
the law is not known to the country to be so. It
was not understood by the House of Representa-
tives to be so. This amendment, then, which I
intend to propose, makes the very provision which
now exists, and is carried out in the JNavy De-
partment, and it does not propose to confer upon
the members of Congress an absolute power to
recommend. I suppose it is understood that the
Naval School is upon the same basis with the Mili-
tary Academy, and that the other consequence
will follow, that where there is no cause to over-
rule a recommendation by a member of Congress,
it will prevail; and, for one, I desire that the mem-
bers of Congress from my own State shall have
the power of exercising this privilege. I think it
is more right, more expedient, more wise, to put
it in their hands, than in the hands of Senators.
Mr. UNDER WOO D. We have at last got to
a constitutional question. Let me read the Con-
stitution, and see whether it has anything to do
with it. The article in the Constitution in regard
to the appointment of officers, provides:
'•He (the President) shall have power, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, to make trc.mes, pio-
vided two thirds of the Senators present concu: ; and he
"hall nominate, and, by and with the advice and ' <>nscnt of
the Senate, shall appoint emba^sadois, other pub <■ minis-
ters, and consuls, of the Supreme Court, am! all other
officers of the United States who^e appointment: are not
herein oihcrwn-e provided for, and which shall lie estab-
lished by law ; but the Congress may, by law, vr t the ap-
pointment of such mfeiioi officers as they think proper 111
the President alone, in the courts of law, or in the heads of
Departments."
Is this an office created by law' I deny it. The
person for the manner of whose appointment we
propose to provide, is a pupil at a school. He is
not yet made a midshipman. You are taking the
initiatory steps to make him an officer, but he may
never be an ofScer. You are providing for his
education, and whether you make him a midship-
man of the Navy is all ulterior matter. Now,
my friend from New York proposes to hunt the
President, in the appointments, to the Congres-
sional districts.
Mr. SEWARD. No, sir.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. He proposes to give ten
at large, and then, he says, the balance shall be
arranged in Congressional districts.
The PRESIDENT. The amendment of the
Senator from New York is not before the .Senate.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. But his whole argu-
ment was based upon thatamendment,and I hope
that I can answer it.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator suggested
that if the amendment of the committee prevailed,
he would pronnse his amendment.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. That was the reason
which he gave why he should vote for the com-
mittee's amendment, and if he relies upon his own
proposition as a reason for striking that out, t have
a right to show that his reason is not tenable, and
constitutes no motive for amending the bill as the
committee propose. In that point of view, the
Senator's proposition was, to give the President
the appointment absolutely of ten at large, and
then to restrict him to the Congressional districts
in appointing the residue. Now, what authority
have you, if it be a constitutional question, to re-
strict the discretion of the President in the selec-
tion of the officers? None whatever. You might
as well undertake to restrict him in the selection
of foreign ministers, or of a judge of the Supreme
Court, or of any other officer, as in that of a pupil I \
to the Academy. If it be his constitutional priv- '
ilege to appoint that pupil, you cannot restrict that
privilege by any such mode of legislation. If,
then, this relates to the mere appointment of a
pupil, out of which we may hereafter make an
officer or not, according to circumstances, it is
within the regulation of Congress, and it comes
back to the question upon which we must rely at
last: Is it prudent—is it discreet—is it a matter of
national policy, that every portion of the country
shall have a participation in the appointments of
the officers for that branch of the service, which
will more than anything else make it national? I
think it good policy; and if it be just to extend the
same privilege to the Senators, be it so. I am for
giving the Piesident the privilege of appointing
ten; but we cannot restrict the appointments by
the President, of the pupils throughout the whole
United States, to Congressional districts. His
constitutional privilege to appoint them, is inde-
pendent of all restriction of that sort.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President-1-
Mr. HUNTER. I rise to a question, not of
the appropriation of money, but of time. We
have but a day left. Can we give it all to this
question of appointments to the Naval School?
Mr. CASS. I desire to say one word to the
Senator from New York. There is no time for
us to enter into constitutional questions, and I en-
treat the honorable Senator to allow us to form
our opinions without a further discussion. We
all know that book that he has in his hand, and I
believe we understand it as well as if he went on
to discuss it until the next session.
Mr. ADAMS. Nobody is listening.
Mr. CASS. There is nobody listening to the
discussion. It is a thrice told tale—it is a fifty
times told tale.
Mr. SEWARD. I have as seldom exacted at-
tention from this body as the honorable and dis-
tinguished Senator who says that nobody is listen-
ing—who speaks when nobody listens to admon-
ish us not to discuss the question. I merely wish
to say, in reply to the honorable Senator from
Kentucky, that the existing law, which was pasesd
in 1845, does confine the appointment of pupils
and midshipmen to the States; and that, therefore, ,
if appointments can be restricted to the States, they j
can be restricted to the districts. ]
The question was taken, by yeas and nays, on ]
the amendment, and resulted—yeas 27, nays 22; j
as follows: j
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Badger, Bell, Einglil, Brodliead,
Claike, Clemens, Dawson, Douglas, Fi;h, (iwin, Ilanilm,
Houston, Hunter, James, Mallory, Mautrum, Mason, Mil- \
ler, Moiton, Norris, Pratt, Seward, Smith, Soul*1., Stock-
ton, arid Weller—27.
V A VH—Messrs. Atchison,Borland, Brnoke, Cass, Chase, '
Davis, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodeeof fowa, Downs, Felch,
Foot, Hale, Jones ot Iowa, King, Menwet'ier, Rusk, .
Shields, Spruance, Underwood, Uphain, Wade, and i
Walker—22. ;
So the amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in page five, line j
ninety-five, to strike out the word "civil" and
insert " foreign." \
Mr. HUNTER. The amendment is merely i
verbal, and is necessary to correct a clerical error. ]
The amendment was agreed to. j
The next amendment was in the same page, line ;
one hundred and five, after the word " expenses"
insert the words " of vessels."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in the same page,
line one hundred and seven, to insert at the end of
the line the words:
"And for contingent expenses not enumerated, $5,000."
Mr. HUNTER. This was estimated for and
inserted by the Committee on Finance; and I do
not know but this is as good a place as any other
to state that the Committee of Ways and Means
cut down the estimates for the navy-yards and
hospitals, and although, perhaps, the Commit-
tee on Finance wouldnot have done so if the ques-
tion had been left to them, yet in view of the fact
that there would only elapse three months before
the next session, and as the House committee had
examined the matter, we thought it better not to
depart from their recommendation. In relation to
this item which has been estimated for, they did
not put it in. We have agreed to their reduction
of the estimates in other matters. I have stated
this much for the information of the Senate.
The amendment was agreed to, and the clause
as amended reads as follows:
] "For contingent expenses that mayaceiue for the fol-
I lowing purposes, viz : fieight and transportation, printing
] and stationery, advertising ui newspapers, books, maps,
1 models, and diawings, purchase and repair of fire-engines
and machinery, repans of and attending to steam-engines
; in navy-yards, purchase and maintenance of horses and
, oxen, and duving teams, eart^, timber-wheels, and the pur-
! chase and repair of workmen's tools, postage of public let-
! ters, furniture for Government houses, fuel, oil and candles
; for na\y-yards and i-hose stations, pay of watchmen and
i incidental labor, not chargeable to any other apptopiiation,
labor attending the deJivnryof stores on foieiiin stations,
, wharlage, dockage and re n't, traveling exp';ti <>* of officers
and others undei ordeis, funeral expenses, moio and office
| lent, stationeiy, fuel, comnns-jons and pay r,< clerks to
i navy agents and stoic-keepers, flags, awning, and packing
1 boxes, premiums and other expenses of iecriiiitn?. appre-
, bending deserters, per diem pay to persons attending eourts-
I martial and courts of inquiry, and oiher services authorized
by law, pay to judges advocate, pilotage and towage of ves-
' sel  and as.sis-t.mce to vessels in diare^. billb of health and
■ quarantine expen&es of vessel** of the United Slates Navy
! in foreign ports, $\>27,840; and for contingent expenses not
enumerated, $o,O0O."
I The next amendment was, to strike out the
second section, in the following words:
! " Sec. 2. Jln&be it further enattcd, That all ads or parts
of acts aulboiizitjg the President of tin- [Jnited State?, or
. theSecretaiy of the proper Department undei hi.- direction,
: to transfer any portion of the moneys appropriated for a
parfeular branch 01 e.\penditure in that Department, to be
applied to another branch of expenditure in the fame De
; partment, be, and am hereby, so fat aa i elates to the Navy
i Department, lepealed; and no poition of the money appro -
| priated by this act shall be applied to lite pajmniit of any
! expenses incurred punr to the Ur day of July, 1859 "
Mr. HUNTER. This section consists of two
■ parts, the first of which proposes to repeal the
right of transfer altogether, so far as it relates to
the Navy Department. That is unnecessary, be-
i cause the right of transfer was repealed by the
, law of 1842. The right has been allowed in special
instances, but the law of 1842 repealing; it still re-
, mains in force. The other povtion of the section
! proposes to introduce a provision here which was
! intioduced into the Army bill, in which it was
! provided that none of the money appropriated for
1 the current fiscal year should be expended for
| arrears. The Secretary of War has thought that
I he could not execute that provision; but so far as
the Navy is concerned, it would be manifestly im-
proper. A ship might come in from a three years'
cruise, and it would be necessary to pay her out
of the fund now appropriated. In view of these
circumstances, the Committee on Finance propose
to strike out the section.
The motion to strike out the section was agreed
to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. These are all
the amendments which are proposed by the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Mr. GW1N. I have several amendments which
I have been instructed by the Committee on Naval
1 Affairs to offer. I am instructed by that commit-
; tee to propose to the Senate to restore the appro-
: priafions to theamounts estimated for by the Navy
. Department at the commencement of this session.
I have been induced to do this in consequence of
! two letters which we have received—one from the
, former, and the other from the present Secretary
; of the Navy, The former is as follows:
Navy Department, July 19,1852.
Srii: I tiansmit her<'Vilh a statement showing the reduo-
, tions made by the Committee of YVavs and Means of the
House of RepresentrUiVf's in the apptopiiation bill now
pending, fiom the esiiiMaic* submitted bv this Department,
for the fiscal year ending 30?h June, 1853.
These estimates havms been "prepared with care, and
deemed to be demanded by a propo- regaid lor the public
soivice, I respectfully that your committee will in-
vestigate the several subjects embia<.ed, and if they concur
in the views of the Department, that lliey will move such
amendments a& miy appeal to them to be lequired by the
public interests.
I am, with great respect, vour obedient servant,
"WILLIAM A. GI'AUAM.
Hon. William M. Gvvin,
Chairman Naval Committee, Senate.
