1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2445
1 have also a letter from the present Secretary,
Mr. Kennedy, of the date of the 27th instant, in
which he reiterates the statement that these esti-
mates are necessary lor the public service. The
letter is as follows:
Navy Department,  August 27, 1852.
Dear Sir: I bug leave to call your attention to the
inclosed letters, which will show tbe importance of main-
taining the approbations asked for at tbe original esti-
mates. Commodore Shubnck's letter of this date an-
nounces that the contracts are all made upon the basis of
the supply necessary for seven thousand five hundred men
required by the act of Congress. It would, therefore, be
necessary to reduce the number of men, or to furnish the
amount necessary for their sunplv.
Very trulv vours, * J. P. KENNEDY.
Hon. W. JVf. Gxvix,
Chairman Naval Committee, Senate.
"When the subject was before the Committee on
Finance, I believe I am justified in saying that
every member of that committee was prepared
to restore the estimates The subject was passed
over to the Committee on Naval Affairs, and I
have been requested by that committee to ask for
a restoration of the estimates. The amendments
which T propose to offer are for that purpose.
Mr. HUNTER. Will the Senator from Cali-
fornia allow me to state, in relation to these esti-
mates, that if the Committee on Finance had acted
upon the subject originally, they would probably
have recommended appropriations according to
the estimate*; but as the House Committee of
Ways and Means had given great attention to the
matter, the Committee on Finance determined to
concur in the action of that committer. Therefore
we did not add to the appiopriations to make them
conform to the estimates.
Mr. GrWIN. I ask the Senator whether, if
the question had been brought fairly before the
Committee on Finance, the estimates would not
have been restored?
Mr. HUNTER. I presume, under the circum-
stances, they would not. We would have left
them as they came from the House.
Mr. GWIN. Being' a member of that commit-
tee, I differ entirely from the chairman. I agreed
to postpone the subject in that committee, and
brought it to the attention of the Committee on
Naval Affairs, with the distinct understanding that
the Committee on Finance would sustain me. The
first amendment wlunh \ piopose under the direc-
tion of the Committee on Naval Affairs ism pn°e
six, line one hundred and fifteen, after the word
twenty-nine, insert the following:
" Cooper'* «.Jiop and watchman's quarter.-, ciav walh,
north and south stations."
So that the clause will read:
Portsmouth, Nc.- r: For building timber-
shed No. 29, cooper's shop and watchman's: quaiteis clay
walls, north and south ;tntion.>, Inundation foi .-.hotex at
railway," S*c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GWIN. That amendment having been
adopted, it will be necessary to amend the clause
still further by striking out the sum appropriated,
and inserting a larger one. 1 tht'ieforo move to
strike out " $35,041 S3," and insert <81,120 28."
So that the whole clause, as 1 propose to amend
it, will read:
" Portsmouth, N?"> "Hampshire, • For building timber-
shed No. 29,cooper's shop, watchman's rjuai tecs, clay walls,
north and south station0, foundations foi shoies at railway,
drains, gutters, and pavins, and lepairs of all kinds,
#81,120 2R"
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. Before the Senate passes from
that clause of the bill I wish to rnako a slight
amendment. J do not wish to steal that navy-
yard for Portsmouth, Npw Hampshire. It be-
longs to Kittery, Aiaine. I move to strike out
" Portsmouth, New Hampshire/' and insert
" Kittery, Maine."
The amendment was agreed U>.
Mr. GWIN. The r.ext amendment is as fol-
lows:
" Atter the word -ofFce?,'in lino 120, mseit -'coal-hoi^es,
paving, grading, building smnlieiy, and repaas of all
kinds.' "
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GWIN. The next amendment I shall pro-
pose is, that the words "£28.ICO," be stricken
out of line one hundred and twenty-one, and that
"$74,525," be inserted. The clause as amended
will then read:
« Boston, Massachusetts: For jaui-watar cistern, pitch-
house, and oakum-loft, muster otfice, coal-house, paving,
I grading, building, smithery, and repairs of all kinds,
$74,5*25."
j The amendment was agreed to.
i Mr. GWIN. There are various other amend-
; ments which I am instructed to offer for the pur-
! pose of restoring the estimates from the Depart-
. ment. I send them up to the Chair, and hope
i that the question will be taken on them all together
i for the purpose of saving time. I move to insert
; in line one hundred and twenty-two, after the
| word " complete," "commander's house;" and
i after the word "saw-mill,"insert " houses for offi-
S cers." In line one hundred and twenty-five,after i
j the words "engine house," insert "coal house, !
i and wharves, and piers." In the same line, in" j
' sert " lighters, paving, and filling in timber beyond \
' new purchase." In lineone hundred and twenty- ,
[ six,strikeout"$126,800,"and insert "$240,550." j
j Mr. HALE. I wish to make an amendment |
! to that section, so far as it relates to the provision j
! of houses for officers. I ask for a division of the j
1 question. I believe that that proposition is con- j
: trary to law. r
The question was taken on the first and second j
amendments, and they were agreed to. ;
Mr. HALE. Let them all go together. They j
! are sure to pass. i
i! The PRESIDING OFFICER. Senators can I
take objection to any of these amendments after ,
the Secretary has read them. I
Theremaining amendments were then agreed to j
The clause, as amended, reads: 1
"New York, New York: To complete commander's ;
house, saw-imll, bouses for officer*, quay-wall, dredging j
channels;, water-tank and lighter, gas-pipes and fixtures, 1
lightning conductor, continuation of sewer, machinery, J
&c., for engine-house, coal-house, wharves, and piers, j
paving, Iighteis, filling in timber beyond new purchase, and ,
lepairs of all kinds, ftUO^oO." I
The following amendments, from the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs, were also agreed to. To
amend the following clause—
"Philadelphia, Pennsylvania: Foi shed to cover north
isnlway. covering to south railway, steam-box and piteh-
kettles, mooring anchors for dry-dock, dredging channel,
continuing pavement to wharf, cross-paving to smithery,
and horn thence to tbe dock basin, paving round west end
of ship-house, paving wharf No. to ship-hou°e, paving
between ways of docks, paving between timber-sheas, com- j
pleting gutters and drains, completing >hed No. 5, extending ;
gas-pipes, Sec , extending water-pipe** one thousand feet, \
and repairs of all kinds, .<28,517 20''—•
so that it will read, as follows: ;
I "Philadelphia, Pennsylvania: For shed to cover north :
J railway, covering to south railway, steam-box and pitch- j
j kettles, mooiing anchors for dry-dock, diedging channel, ;
• extension of pier wharf No. 4, filling up and grading, con- ;
i turning pavement to wharf, cross-paving to smithery, and ,
[ from thence to the dock basin, paving round west end of 1
I ship-house, paving wharf No. 3 to ship house, paving be- i
; tween ways of dock, paving between timber sheds, com- !
! p'ctinggutteis and diains, completing shed No, 5, extending I
! g.ts-pipos, &c., extending watei-pipes one thousand feet, [
and repairs of all kinds $59,248 " I
To amend the clause—
kC Washington, Distiiet of Columbia: For completing
ordnance building No. 11, fitting up tnnbei-dock, completing '
i saw-mill, completing copper rolling-mill, completing rail- i
| way, completing side lathes in machine shop, and icpaii:-
j of all kinds, fcl33,778 — !
so that it will read: ;
"Washington, Dhtiicl of Columbia: For completing j
ordnance building No. 11, fitting up timbei-dock, comple-
ting saw-mill, completing copper rolling-mill, completing
i:ulway, commander's house, converting ordnance shop to I
fitting shop, &c-, stone whaif on south lrontofyaid, corn- !
pleting side lather in machine shop,andiepairBof all kinds, [
£-67,433." |
To amend the following clause— :
uNorfolk, Viiziata: For store-house No. 14, whan
north aide of timber-dock, uilvert, diedging-maclune, and
\ repairs of all kinds, ,$80,732 20'"—
so that it will read:
"Norfolk, Virginia: For store-house No. 14, extending
quay, wharves, completing timber-dock, building for others,
paving from gate to ship house, grading and filling whait
noith side ot timber-dock, culvert, dredging machine, and
repairs of ail kinds, $170 342 23."
To amend the following clause—
" P(>nsrrofa, Florida: Towards completing permanent
wharf, to complete guard house and kitchen, to complete
yaid railway, and repair old track, to complete e\ten-iou
ot centiftl wharf, to nbmld ea^t wai! o( cistern No. 26, iot^
ice-housc, repairs of cisterns No>-. 14 and 25, and lepairs of
all kinds, .$88,014"—
so that it will read:
" Pensacola, Florida : Towaids completing peimanent
wharf, to complete guaid house and kitchen, to complete
yard lailwav and repair old track, to complete extension of
central whaif, wharf on ea^t side of yaid, extension of
smithery andmaclnne shop, four new forges, and chimneys.
'$5,000," and inserting " $12,-
to rebuild east wall of cistern No. 26. for ice-house, repairs
of cisterns Nos. 14 and 25, and repairs of all kinds,
$162,782."
To amend the following clause—
"Memphis, Tennessee: For pavements, drains, and
ditches, cisterns for rope-walk, hemp-house, stoie-house,
(one wing,) complete, railing for vertical wall, and repairs
of all kinds, $47,043 34"—
so that it will read :
" Memphis, Tennessee: For pavements, drains, and
ditches, cisterns for rope-wa)K, hemp-housc, store-house,
(one wing,) complete, railing for vertical wall, excavation
and embankment, stable and fences to commandant's house,
and repaiis of all kinds, $-67,859 28."
To amend the clause, (under the heading of
" hospitals'*)—
"AtNao York : For fence round garden, repairs ofbuiJd-
mgs, painting, whitewashing, cleaning up grounds, &c., at
hospital, and for completing fence and wall around the
burial ground, $8,893"—
so as to make the appropriation §18,151.
To amend the following: clause—
u Jit Philadelphia Naval Asylum: For introducing gas,
painting main building inside, repairing and painting wall,
repairs to roof and dome, cleaning and whitewashing,
cleaning and repairing grates and ranges, water tax, sham*
trees, and lepairs ofall kinds, $5,666"—
so that it will read:
" Jit Philadelphia Naval Asylum: For introducing gas,
painting main building inside, repairing and painting wall,
tax on wharf, paving street, repairs to roof and dome, clean-
ing and whitewashing, cleaning and repairing grates and
ranges!, water tax, shade trees, and repairs of all kinds,
.$10,024."
To amend the following" clause—
" Jit Norfolk : For repairs of hospital and dependencies,
$5,000  —
by strikingout
168 90."
To amend the following clause, (under the head-
ing of " hospitals")—
" JltPcnsacola: For draining and filling up ponds, &c.,
.v^000>'—
by striking out " §2,000," and inserting "$24,-
487."
Mr. GWIN. I am instructed by the Com-
, mtttee on Naval Affairs to offer another amend-
I ment, which is to insert after line eleven, page one,
I as follows:
1 " That the proper accounting officers of tho Treasury be,
l and they ,ue. hereby, authonzcd and directed to allow and
pay out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, to the officers, petty officers, seamen, and marines
of ihc United States Navy, and officers and men of the rev-
enue service, who «erved in the Pacific ocean, on the coast
ot California and Mexico, duung the late war with Mexico,
and since that penod, the same increased or additional
compensation as 1ms been by law directed to be paid to the
officers and soldiers of the Army who served in California."
Mr. HUNTER. As the bill came from the
House, it gave these officers double allowance. 1
believe this is more than the House will allow;
but I am willing to e;ive to them the additional
pay, by taking the provision as it came from the
House.
Mr. GWIN. 1 will read to the Senate an ex-
tract from the Army appropriation act of Septem-
ber, 1850, to which the amendment refers:
" For extra pay to the commissioned officers and enlisted
men of the Army of the United States, serving m Oregon
or California, $'325,854, on the following bans, to wit •
that theie shall be allowed to each commissioned officer as
aforc«aid, whilst serving a^ aforesaid, a per diem,in addi-
tion to their legnlar pay and allowances, of two dollar
each, and to each enlisted man a< aforesaid, whilst seivmg
as aforesaid, a pei diem in addition to theirpresent pay and
allowance*, equal to the pay piopei of each as established
by existniL' laws, said cvtia pay of the enlisted men to be
retained until honorably dn-ehaigcd. This additional pay
to contmue until the firstof March, 1W2, or until otheiwise
' piovided."
j Mr. HUNTER. I am willing to add the fifty
] per centum which we agreed to in relation to the
Army. I have no idea the House will agree to it
| The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GWIN. I am instructed by the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs to report another amendment,
giving the same compensation to the officers there-
; in named as is given by the amendment which has
' just been agreed to.
j' Alter line eleven, page one, insert the follow-
j inS:
i "And the several office) s who served in the late Arctic ex-
j pedit.on which went m seaich ot Sir John Franklin shall,
j m addition to the pay they have already been gianted,be al-
i lowed tor the period during which they served, the follow-
i ing compensation respectively, viz: To the commander of
j the exp^di'ion the pnv of a commander; to passed mid-
:i fdnpnien. the pay of lieutenants; to the assistant surgeon,
l\ the pay of a suigeon; to midshipmen, the pay of passed
