1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2447
tary of the Navy, Mr. Preston, says in regard to
Pirsson's condenser:
" It presents itself in the several points of economy, effi-
ciency, and tbe duration of operation of a naval steamer, in
either of which its application, in my opinion, is impera-
tively called for. As an exponent of the extent of the
economy that would be effected by it in the consumption
of fuel alone, by the steamers now existing in our Navy, it
would induce a saving of fifty-nine tons of coal per diem."
And again:
"I beg leave to say that, in my conviction, the instru-
ment of Mr. Pirsson, except in the position of the tubes, is
whot.t.y novel, complete in all its arrangements,
and efficient in its operations; and that the economy
of marine *team navigation renders the application of it, or
one of similar capacity and efficiency, positively imperative;
and, further, that of such consideration is an instrument for
the furnishing of fresh water to marine steam engines, that
without the immediate application of it to steam engines m
this countr y, foreign Governments will resort to it, and inths
lapse of time there will be accorded to them the credit of an
improvement in the marine engine, second only to the
original construction of it."
Charles W. Copeland, formerly Chief Engineer
in the United States Navy, late chief engineer of
the Allaire Steam Engine Works, and now an
eminent consulting engineer in New York, says:
" In respect to condensation by metallic phi faces, my
opinion has often been expressed that this is the only reme-
dy for many of the evils attendant upon ocean steam navi-
gation. Of the numeious plans that have, fiom tune to
time, been brought forward to accomplish this object,
Pirsson's condenser is the only one which is effectual,
and at the same tune avoids the evils arising fiom an expan-
sion and contiaction of the parts, which has caused the de-
stiuction of all others.
" This condenser has been in use for several year?, giving
the most satisfactory results in every respect, From my
knowledge of it, I have-not hesitated to recommend it tor
sea-going steamers, and in one or two cases it has been
adopted on my recommendation, and the most satisfactory
evidence furnished in regard to its operation.
" The advantage ot this mode of Mr. Pirsson over the
ordinal y jet condense! I conceive to be—
1,6 First. A saving of fuel to the extent of at least fifteen
per cent.
" Second. An increased durability of the boilers, not less
than fifty per cent.
11 Thud. The labor of keeping the boilers in proper con-
dition, both at sea and in poit, is very much diminished.
" Fourth. A very great saving in current repairs of boil-
ers.
" Fifth. Boilers of a given power would occupy less room
and weigh less in consequence of the " blowing off" opera-
tion being unnecessary.
" Sixth. A much more uniformly efficient vacuum can
be maintained at sea with Pu*son's condenser than with
any other, and consequently there is not that amount of
labor required m attending upon the engines."
B. H. Bartol, Chief Engineer of Merrick &
Towne's Steam Engine Works, at Philadelphia,
who constructed one of Pirsson's condensers for
a steam-ship, says:
" The Pirsson condcnser mu?f, I think, commend itself
to general favoi, for the reason that there is no contingency
connected with it that can c/xuse any delay to the engine;
for if we suppose th.it the fresh water part should entirely
give out, the ordinary condenser still remains uninjured.
I am well satisfied, however, that there is no part of the
condenser but will last as long as the rest of the engine."
Messrs. James J. Sutton & Co., of the Frank-
lin Steam Engine Works, at Philadelphia, say:
" We urged the importance of your invention, and atour
solicitation they have oidered it. Please prepare the ne-
cessary calculations and instructions, as soon as possible,
that we may get the woik under way. Make youi esti-
mate so as to give us an ample supply of fresh water for
the ship's use also, if at any time it should be found neccs-
saiy."
Captain William W. Hunter, United States
Navy, who has had much experience in steam
matters, thus expresses himself:
" Pirsson's condenser will cause the same amount of fuel
to do one third more vork in the propulsion of vessels at
sea, and it will double the durability of their iron boilers—
consequently rendeiingthe boilers less liable to accident
fiom irregular corrosion ; and one third of the tonnage of
the vessel, winch is saved by economizing fuel, will be
available for paying fieight.
"In war steamers the advantage gained by the use of
Pirsson's condenser is so self-evident that it should be uni-
versally adopted."
Chief Engineer George F. Coffee, of the steam-
ship Osprey, which has had the Pirsson condenser
attached since 3849, thus speaks of it:
" The boilers of this steamship have undergone a thorough
evploiatmn, the result of which is, we found neither the
iron plates nor flues in any part injured by corrosion or
scales, and they are, to all appeal ance, ju«t as good when
they first loft the boiler ^hop. The workmen declared they
had never before seen so clean a pair of boilers after being
used; and this is true: for had we been using salt water,
as we should have done if it was notfor Pnsson's condens-
er, the boilei s would have been badly scaled and much worn
by this time.
" We next examined the condcnser, and the result was
equally giatifying with that attending the boilers. The
pipes we found as perfect and in as good condition as when
they were first put in. Indeed, this somewhat astonished
me, as I had been frequently told that the pipes would be
found furred, or coated with a deposit, which would pre-
vent the steam being condensed. But nothing of a deposit
appeared, and the best proof of their cleanliness is, that we
closed up the apparatus, leaving the pipes in precisely the
same condition that we found them.
" The saving in coal and oil is very considerable. We
use now one barrel of oil, where we formerly used three
barrels, and a large quantity of tallow besides. The latter
we have dispensed with altogether. That a steamship is
much safer with Pirsson's condenser th an without it, I have
been fully convinced by my last year's experience ; and of
this no better evidence is required than the fact that a much
greater volume of steam can be produced by the same
amount of fuel than when salt water is used."
The editors of that scientific work, the " Jour-
nal of the Franklin Institute," say:
"The condenser of Mr. J. 1\ Piisson, which was noticed
in the Journal some time since as being m use on board the
steamship 1 Osprey,' running between this port and Charles-
ton,has been examined within the last few days, while the
ship was being refitted for the coming season, and found to
be as> perject as when first, put in use. The tube*, both in-
ternally and externally, weie found to be perfectly clean,
and the boilers jree Jrom scales."
Edward K. Collins, Esq., of the Collins line of
steamers, says, August 18,1852, a few days since:
" Having Jor a long time entertained a favorable opin-
ion of Pit ison's condenier, I have taken much pains to get
every information I could respecting it, and I am happy to
say that my opinion has been so fully confirmed, that I
shall put it in tiie next steamship I buil1>."
George W. Aspinwall, Esq., who has had the
Piisson condenser in use on three of his steamers,
thus closes a letter recommending Jt:
" I can only say, I never would send « steamship to sea
without the Pusson condenser, securing, as it does, so
great a saving in all respects."
Now, hear what Chief Engineer Roane, of the
steamship "Quickstep," says of the advantages
of Pirsson's condenser, in a letter to the construct-
ors of the engines, Messrs. Reany,Neafie & Co.;
he remarks:
" Can you point to any steamship which has ever steamed
continuously for forty-five days, under a constant piessuie
of foity pounds of steam to the square inch, part of the
time, too, in the saltest of oceans, without ever blowing one
drop of ivalcy from her boilers, or once drawing the fires ?
This was done m the Quickstep, and much more."
At another part of the letter he says:
il The vessel was very deeply laden, and we encountered
very heavy weather; yet not the slightest accident occurred
to any part of the machinery, as on a survey at that port
everything was found in perfect order. The boilers and
condenser were absolutely as perfect as when they left your
works. The rest of our voyage was accomplished with like
lesults.
11 Here let me stop for a moment, and consider what has
been done. A small steamer, (five hundred and fifty tons,)
of inferior power, laden to the water's edge, leaves the
twharf at Philadelphia—passes twice through the tropics—
through the Straits of Magellan—steams on continuously
for some twenty thousand miles, on two occasions of periods
of forty to fifty days, not having a fire drawn from hei boil-
cis—airives at her port of destination as perfect as at the
stait, ready for anew cargo, and not a place to spend a
shilling upon the engines or 6oileis if you would.
" But I have not half done with stating the remarkable
things performed by the condenser or resulting fiom it.
One"of the most gratifying was the muwm,and the temper-
ature ot the feed water. The vacuum gauges were syphons,
hence effected by every change of the atmosphere. When
the barometer stood at thirty inches, the mercury m the
short leg of my gauges stood constantly at fourteen and a
hall* inches below equihbiiuui, or equal to a vertical column
of twenty nine inches, and feed water, according to the
tempeiature of the ocean, was from 150 degrees to 160 de-
greees F."
Again he says:
" Some amusing incidents occurred on the voyage. My
assistants had veiy poor faith in the condenser when we
left, and prophesied all manner of difficulties. My first
assistant stuck to it that the pipes would all choke up. At
llio 1 was taken sick, aiul while unable to do duty he
opened the caps to examine the pipes. His astonishment
and disappointment on finding nothing there was very gieat.
He said he could hardly believe it possible that it should be
in such perfect order. I was constantly visited by engi-
neers m every poit, and fiom steameis of all nations. Their
surprise on examining the admirable condition of my boil-
ers was unbounded, and they would constantly contrast it
with that of their own, many of which were badly scaled
and burnt, and undergoing costly repairs. An old Brazilian
officer who came to see me said, after a long and careful
examination, ' I knew thai if this was ever found out, it
would be some Yankee that would do it; it is a great
thing.' And so I say, it is a great thing; and*you will
never find me operating an engine without one, if I can
help it. If any engineer would say otherwise, let him look
at the crazy and unsafe condition of the boiieis in the Pa-
cific at this time, especially in the pioneer steamer*. All
those might now have been sound and strong, had Pirsson's
condensers been on board.'
Mr. Aspinwall, the owner of the Quickstep, in
a letter dated July 22d, speaking of Mr. Roane,
" You may count him as a very reliable, excellent, and
faithful man, and one in whom you can confide. I highly
recommend him as a good mechanic and engineer, and a
trustworthy man. He served seven years with Messrs.
Stillman, Allen & Co., of the Novelty Works."
Further important testimony is afforded by
Chief Engineer Buck, of the steamship Albatross,
who has had along experience with Pirsson's con-
denser. He says, among other things:
"The greatest consumption of coal with the fresh water
apparatus has been, and now is, twelve tons per twenty-
four hours, and the boilers were always kept perfectly clean;
while, however, we were using salt water, as we had to do
wini the jet part of the condenser, the consumption of coal
was increased about six tons per twenty-four hours,
and the whole interior surface of the boilers became covered
with scale, while t he the speed of the • ngine v>as also materi-
ally diminished by reason of a deficiency in steam."
Again, he adds:
" The action of the fresh water has separated the scale
ivhith had formed inside of the boiler, and the. quality of the
water supplied In/ the condenser is so pure and fresh that f
would cheerfully compromise for no worse for drinking
while at sea."
Then comes the testimony of Chief Engineer
Simon Baker, who had charge of the steamship
Commodore Stockton, fiom Philadelphia to San
Francisco, and for many months afterwards in the
Pacific ocean. He says:
" On our arrival at San Francisco, a searching investiga-
tion into the condition of onr machinery, boilers, and con-
dense!, wasiu-tiiuted,aiid it was universally admitted that
no steamer had ever arrived there in such perfect condition.
It seemed to astonish the engineer* of other steamers there
as much as it pleased me, although my previous experi-
ments with the condenser had satisfied me of its inestimable
value.
" 1 am now about to return home, and I leave the Com-
modoie Stockton at this port, with her machinery in the
most satisfactory condition. The boilers and the condenser
at e as perfectly clean and free from scale or deposit of any
hind as when ihey wre first made, and not a single dollar
has been expended on the boilers, notwithstanding they
have been m constant seivice for nine months. I know of
no other boilers winch have Ik en in use on this ocean for
three months, that are not coveied with scale, and many of
them that have been m Use for two years are entirely de-
stroyed
" Our boilers have been constantly supplied with fresh
water, and a vacuum icgulaily maintained at twenty seven
inches; the feed water returned to the boilers at 118°, and
has scarcely ever varied from this temperature. When we
left Philadelphia we weie binning bituminous coal, and
consumed tour tons and a half (accurately weighed) per
twenty-four hours, carrying thirty tour and thirty-five inches
pressure of steam, and working at full stroke. In order to
test more fully the advantages of the condenser, as you
desired, in going to Rio Janeno, I shut off the fresh water
apparatus, and used your condenser as a common jet con-
denser. Heie the incalculable value of the appaiatu^ was
made very manifest. The consumption of coal was in-
creased twenty percent.: and the temperature of the feed
water wa«s leduced nearly 15°, and the vacuum fell and
became veiy it regular. The difference between your fiesh
water apparatus and the ordinary condenser is here .shown
by the steadiness of the vacuum ; because, through all the
changes of the temperature even, the vacuum was pre-
served at twenty-seven inches, whilst by the oidmary eon-
deijserlcould not manage to obtain a steady vacuum under
the most favorable circumstances."
And he thus ends his letter:
" In conclusion, I would assure you that if engineers
generally were acquainted with the value of your condenser,
they would go to sea in no steamei to winch it was not at-
tached. As to the pecuniary saving, it is too l.uye for
owners of sea-going steameis to disregard, as they can be
run at so much less expense, that no vessel without them
can successfully compete with those having them on board."
Mr. Thompson, the President of the Atlantic
Steam Navigation Company, thus speaks of Pirs-
son's condenser:
"It will at all times afford me pleasure to aid in the ex-
tension of the use of the condenser, foi two reasons: First,
it is a gieat private benefit to the owneisol steamers, be-
cause it makes them more economical, and will therefore
tend to increase the neam maiine, and extend commerce.
Second, it is a public good, because it preset res the strength
of murine boilers, and tends greatly to the safety of those on
board such steamers a■> use 11."
Then comes engineer Samuel Genther, of the
steamship Utah, who says:
" 1 have had eharge of the Utah since she was built.
Pirsson's patent condenser is attached to the engine, and
operates in the most satisfactory manner, fui inshing an abun-
dant supply of fiCsh water to the boilers. I have condensed
steam at forty pounds to the inch, whole stroke, when the
water was at a temperatmeof 70° F., and obtained a vacu-
um of 26£ inches, and feed water 150° to 160° F. Maxi-
mum consumption of coal three and a half tons per twenty-
four hours.
" I have been visited by many engineers, some of the
most prejudiced against the mtioduchon of new things, who
hate unanimously expressed themsclies satisfied with the
perfection of your arrangement.
" From my experience, F am prepared to make this offer:
I will guarantee to take any well-constructed steamship
round the world, and return to poit with the boilers m the
most perfect condition, as far as any deposit of scale or
coriosion iseoncemed, provided your condenser is properly
applied on board. On this I will stake my professional
reputation."
Finally, we are placcd in possession of the tes-
