1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
1583
silver mines, she has extended her steam-packet
service in the South Pacific, from Panama to
Valparaiso, and to hold on to the mines of Mex-
ico, she intrigues against us, and obstructs our
movements, from the capital of Mexico to Vera
Cruz, on one side, and to Acapulco on the other.
The day is coming, if no tiew-fangled notions of
seigniorage beset the two Houses of Congress, and
our system of mintage have a free, fair, and full
play, (which it has not now,) when New York
will take the place in the New "World over bullion
and coins, that London has in the Old, and then
our Republic will begin to obtain the dignity and
grandeur of its destiny.
To levy a seigniorage, then, on gold and silver
now, when we are in the beginning of this con-
test, nay, when, as we are scarce of silver, we
should rather give a premium to tempt silver here,
isthevery error of themoon. A proposition, under
existing circumstances, mere preposterous, as it
seems to me, never came from erring man. My
resistance to it springs, not only from the tax it
imposes upon the California miner—for in such a
case the miner is the man who pays the seignior-
age if his gold is coined at home-—but because the
mischievous act would reach our commerce, our
freighting trade at the Isthmus of Panama, our
insurance offices, our bullion dealers at home, and
send the gold and silver in one continuous, over-
whelming stream to the British Mint. If, even for
the sake of a Mint, the Representatives from Cali-
fornia could submit to such a tax, it is not less my
duty to cry out againstitin behalf of every interest
X represent, and in behalf of all the returned Cali-
fornians, who, in their own persons, bring back
their little heaps to be sold in New York bullion
offices, before they get home to their wives or
families. The whole weight of authority I have,
or can have, from practical businessmen,is against
the imposition. 1 have in my hands remonstrances
from the most faithful express companies. The
presidents of the leading banks in New York,
among them the Hon. C. W. Lawrence, once a
member of this House, write me, that under
• such a bill "as far as he can judge, a large pro-
' portion of the California gold will be driven to
' the European Mints, while the conversion of
' foreign gold into American coin will be entirely
' prohibited."
Mr. Speaker, before Congress thinks of taking
any steps in the way of a seigniorage, it should
think of what vast power it is exercising now,
under the Constitution of the United States, over
the gold and silver property, the miner or the trader
in the precious metals happens to hold. Govern-
ment seizes no man's cotton, no man's tobacco,
hogs, or horses, and insists upon imprinting upon
them its stamp of sovereignty before they can be
efficiently used in general commerce and trade.
But the Constitution does seize the product of the
gold miner's labor, and declares, "Congress
(alone) shall have power to coin money, and regu-
late the value thereof." "No State shall coin
money." "No State shall make anything but
gold and silver coin a tender in payment of debts."
Bullion cannot pay a debt. Gold dust is no legal
tender. The miner himself cannot coin it or make
it money. All this is against the Constitution and
the law. Government monopolizes theraw material,
so to speak, of money, in its own Government-
created Mints, and the miner may be as rich as
Crcesus in silver or gold, but he can discharge no
man's debt till his gold or silver has put upon it,
in that Mint, the Government stamp. To levy a
tax, then, upon a species of property thus monop-
olized by the Government, and to levy it, because of
the monopoly, or because of the cost to the Govern-
ment of the monopoly, is crying injustice, such as
should not be thought offoramoment. Tellmenot
it is like the toll taken from a grist sent to a mill.
The corn grist voluntarily goes to any mill; but
the Government monopolizes the only mint-mills
there are, and your money grist is not to be sent
to some neighboring village to be ground, but you
must send it hundreds of miles, perhaps, to New
Orleans or Philadelphia, and pay all the cost of
freight, insurance, and commission to have your
money grist ground in the mint monopoly there.
Your'bullion is discredited till it has the Govern-
ment stamp, and if you imprint that stamp upon
it, fine or imprisonment is your fate. No, sir, it
is the first duty of all Governments holding this
mint monopoly, to use it without cost, for the pub-
lic good only, and in the most convenient places,
to enable the owner of dust or bullion to reach
them at the least possible expense.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, (interrupting.) I
do not expect to say a word upon this subject,
but I ask that, as a justification of the Committee
on Ways and Means, a very short paragraph from
the last report of the Secretary of the Treasury
may be read to the House. It is in direct conflict
with the statements made by the gentleman from
New York.
The paragraph was read, as follows:
i( The expenses of the Mint and branches have, of course,
greatly increased since the accession of California, and will
be still further augmented in case Congress should deter-
mine to establish two additional branches at San Francisco
and New York. I would, therefore, suggest, for the con-
sideration of Congress, the pi oprietv of authorizing a small
seigniorage on the bullion deposited by corporations 01 indi-
viduals, for the puipose of covering tiie actual expenses of
coinage, instead ot allowing the latter to remain as an ex-
clusive charge upon the Treasury. This, it is believed, is
the univeisal usage at all other national Mints, and the
charge would be but a mere fractional percentage, amount-
ing only to a very few cents per ounce."
Mr. BROQKS. I was aware of this article in
the report of the Secretary of the Treasury; but
it will be remarked that theSecretary uses the very
cautious words, " it is believed" that this seignior-
age 4 6 is the universal usage," &c. If theSecretary
means to say there is a seigniorage in the British
Mint on gold, he is mistaken, as I have already
shown; and all he can mean is what I have stated,
that the British Government buys silver at sixty
shillings the pound, and sells it m coin at sixty-
six shillings, which is no tax on the depositor, no
such seigniorage as the Ways and Means propose.
I was not mistaken in my facts. Indeed, there is
no dispute among practical men about them. The
Secretary's recommendation of a small seignior-
age, not a large one, as the bill proposes, undoubt-
edly comes from his impression that the over-val-
uation of British silver coin was a seigniorage, or
from supposing that the preparing the precious
metals for the Mint was not at the cost of the de-
positor in the United States as well as in England.
The Director of the Mint (Mr. Eckert) states pos-
itively, in a letter to the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, as well as to the Committee on Ways and
Means:
"In England, the gold is coined at one half percent.,
the silver at two and one eighth—these charges, however,
being paid by Government, and not Ly depositors."
I think I may repose now, Mr. Speaker, on my
facts, and proceed to another branch of this sub-
ject, and that is the silver part of it. The themes
are precious ones, and there is nothing more at-
tractive than money; but I fear the House is just
now so confused in presidential topics that even
gold and silver, as topics of discussion, lose their
charm.
Mr. ORR. The gentleman from New York
appears to be well posted upon this subject. I
desire to know of him what proportion of the ex-
penses of coinage is paid by the alloy ?
Mr. BROOKS. None, that I know of. Both
our gold and silver coins are nine tenths fine.
An ounce of gold, nine hundred one thousandths
fine, is equal in value to $18 60.46-100. 1 do not
know that I quite comprehend the interrogatory
of the gentleman from South Carolina. Alloy
must be mixed with gold to harden it for circula-
tion.
Gold, in theplethoraof it justnow in California
and Australasia, might possibly stand some small,
very small, seigniorage; but it is clear, that in the
present premium for silver, we ought not to tax
the coinage of that here. The silver currency of our
country has been for some time past going to
Europe, in consequence of the fact that a higher
value was set, upon it there than here. The rel-
ative value of gold and silver as established by
i law is,—
1 to 15.988 in this country.
1 to 15.716 in England.
1 to 15.479 in France.
By which we rate silver one seventy-two one
( hundredths per cent, lower than England, and
i three per cent, lower than France. Hence, as the
balance of our commercial debt can only be paid in
bullion, it follows that neither to France nor to
England will gold be sent until silver is exhausted.
This exhaustion of our silver has raised what is
left to a premium at one time of three and four
per cent., but at the last dates American silver
was at only one to one and a quarter per cent,
premium. The premium on silver has now for
some time been on the decline, and it is believed
by many that if things are left to themselves, the
premium will soon cease to exist. A seigniorage
upon silver, however, would but aggravate all the
difficulties in change, for it would be a premium
for its exportation from South America and Mex-
ico to England, and for its avoidance of the United
States.
This is not an improper place, Mr. Speaker, to
invite the attention of the House to the state of the
silver trade in America, The discovery of quick-
silver in California, so indispensably necessary in
the working of silver ore, has broken down the
monopoly which the Rothschilds had for so many
years of the quicksilver mines of Spain, the most
valuable quicksilver mines, till of late, known in
the world, and the price per quintal has fallen full
one half. The fact has given new stimulus to the
working of the silver mines of all America, but
especially in Peru. Once worthless ore can be
washed at a profit now. Steam machinery, too, is
coming into use, particularly in the extensive and
valuable mines of Paseo, by which they are ef-
fectually kept clear of water, hitherto rendering
them unproductive. A railroad has also been es-
tablished from the coast through the mineral dis-
tricts of Peru, which is having considerable influ-
ence in opening up new and abundant sources of
supply. The silver of the world comesi mainly
and annually as follows:
1st estimate. Sid estimate.
From Chili... .$3,000,000, in bars $4,500,000
From Peru  1,500,000, do 2,500,000
From Bolivia.. 1,000,000,incoin 1,500,000
From Mexico. .12,000,000, do 33,000,000
This discrepancy in the Mexico estimate comes
from the fact, that as there ie an export duty, the
smuggling is large, and the estimate is, therefore,
but a guess. The greatest portion of this silver
(three fourths of it) goes to England in the British
Chagres steamers, or in the British steamers from
Vera Cruz; the rest to China, France, or Germany
•—very little to the United States. One reason why
it does not come here is the expense of transport-
ation for so heavy and bulky an article from New
York to the Mint in Philadelphia and back; but
the chief reason is, that the British, by their steam
packets, have fixed the habits of trade towards
England. To levy, then, a seigniorage of any
kind in the Philadelphia Mint, or the New Orleans
Mint, upon silver, would be but adding to the ex-
pense of transportation already existing, the pre-
mium of whatever was the per centum of the
seigniorage to drive off all the little silver there is
left us. An American steamer up and down the
southern ports of the Pacific, and a steamer from
Vera Cruz to New Orleans, would bring here large
masses of this silver, if we impose no tax upon its
coinage. For I look upon the whole silver trade,
Mr. Speaker, as of right ours, from its proximity,
if we but struggle for it, and gentlemen will but
aid our commerce in the struggle. Chili, Peru,
Bolivia, and the Pacific coast of Mexico are here
but at our doors—nearer than Texas is practically,
considerably nearer than Oregon or California. I
hope the discovery of the quicksilver mines of
California is going to enable us to develop the
silver mines of our continent, pari passu, with the
gold mines of California. I hope to see the day
when the rich argosy of silver now freighted to
England under the British flag, will be freighted
to New York under the stars and stripes, inci eased
in quantity ten times over. Oh, that I could in-
spire my countrymen with a proper sense of the
priceless treasures just before them, in all parts of
South America, on both the Atlantic and Pa-
cific coasts, and arouse them to a worthy effort to
snatch from the proud mistress of the seas the
wealth that passes through our hands to her
coffers!
And now, Mr. Speaker, I am done with this
subject, but sketched, briefly sketched, rather than
discussed. 1 feel how inadequate are my studies*
or is my knowledge, to begin even to do justice to so
abstruse and so intricate a topic as is involved in
this whole discussion. Sure I am, it is beyond
my power to do justice to it here, in this Hall,
amid the excitement at this period of the session.
It needed the closet, and the quiet study of the
scientific or practical man. All I have expected
to do is to awaken the House to the dangerous
item lurking quietly in a section of this bill. All
I have hoped to do is to create a pause in the ve-
locity of action threatened under the previous q^ues-
