2448
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August BO.
timony of a board of the most experienced prac-«
tical steam engineers of the Navy, who were re- j
cently appointed to examine the whole subject of
condension, and they state:
"We consider Pirsson's to he the best surface condenser
knfwn, for the following reasons:
"No surface condenser can be safely or judiciously used
except it contain a provision, or is so ananged, that it can
instantaneously and at will be converted into a common jet
condenser in the event of fracture or other derangement of
the pipes, parts, &c. A surface condenser mu&t posses?,
therefore, this important property; if this he absent, other
merits may deserve admiration, but cannot recommend it
as practical; and here we fully agree with the commission
in the following opinion, viz : ' That we would notbc will-
ing to trust a vessel of our own property without a full
{ provision for a resort to an ordinary injection condenser,
£ and which we cannot but consider as a first and most es-
1 sential point in any device of the kind.} This important
requisite, the commission truly states, belongs to Pirsson's
condenser, and they attribute it to Symington's. Pirsson's,
however, is the only condenser presenting, the new and im-
portant features of the doubt.e vacuum, by which the con-
densing surfaces are relieved from the atmospheric pressure,
and consequently strain and leakage, causes alone of the
failure of all other plans of surface condensation. This is
not the case with Symington's oondensei, mentioned by the
commission in connection with Pirsson's, as affecting the
same objects. Symington's has a tingle vacuum, and if
used as a surface condenser, has all the disadvantages of
the atmospheric piessure on the pipes, similar to Hall's,
Miller's, and others.
" Question 4. Is it advisable to make the application of
the most approved condenser to all steamers of the Navy ?
" Answer. We are of opinion, that, for the reasons here-
inbefore stated, ttis advisable to apply, as soon as practica-
ble, the condenser of Pirsson, as now being fitted to
the United States steamship Alleghany, to all steamers
of the N~avy, plying in sea water.
" This condenser has already been applied to eight mer-
chant steamships ; it has been in use in some of them for
several years, and the practical results fully bear out our
estimate and opinions. There are also two large steam-
ships now being iittcd with it at New York."
Mr. President, in addition to all this, we have
a letter from the Secretary of the Navy, stating
that a board of examiners had investigated the
merits of Mr. Pirsson's and several other con-
densers, and that they had found none of them
perfect—all might be improved. For all practical
purposes this report was quite useless; it could
nave no influence to guide the Secretary. Since
that examination and report, however, there have
been experiments made which prove that this
condenser entirely answers the purpose intended;
and is beyond all kind of doubt, the best that has
yet been used in our navigation, and is an instru-
ment by which hundreds of thousands of dollars
may be saved to the United States within the
coming year, provided all our own steamers can be
supplied with it. This practical demonstration in
its favor, blowing to nothing the conclusions of
scientific examiners, so bothered the Navy De-
partment, that the Secretary would take no action
on the subject without the authority of Congress.
Sir, the opposition outside of this Senate to the
use of this condenser, has been untiring, and is
as groundless as it seems to have been interested
and vindictive. Various means have been adopted
by persons outside of the Senate to destroy or !
disparage Mr. Pirsson's invention, and to alarm
and excite the Navy Department and members of
Congress. The most absurd reports have been !
circulated, which have contributed to embarrass
the Secretary. 1 hope the Senator from Illinois is
answered.
I did hope that it would not be nesessary to
detain the Senate by goin? so far into the merits of
this machine. I did hope that all that would be
necessary to satisfy any one, even my friend the
honorable chairman of the Committee on Finance,
would be, that it was recommended by all the
Chief Engineers of the Navy, by the head of the
Bureau of Con&tiuction, by the Secretary of the
Navy, and by the unanimous recommendation of
the Committee on Naval Affairs, who, after a
careful examination, do advise its adoption in the
Navy. Is there not something due to this careful
examination of the subject, something due to all
these opinions expressed in the decided way in
which they have been expressed?
As;ain, amongst the evidences of the superiority
of Pirsson's condenser, and that his condenser is
likely to answer the purposes for which the Sec-
retary is to be authorized to use it, there will be j
found in the testimony that has been presented to
the Naval Committee, a statement of the engines
of the (otuickstep, on board of which this con-
denser had been used. That vessel went to Cal-
ifornia from Philadelphia. She made one contin-
uous passage, except when she stopped for coal,
and her boilers were supplied with fresh water
from the time she left Philadelphia till she arrived
at San Francisco. On her arrival at which place,
'her engine and boilers were examined, and they
were found to be not only in good order, but ab-
solutely as perfect as when she left Philadelphia.
Now, sir, I will ask whether this well-authenti-
cated experiment does not justify the recommenda-
tion of the Secretary of the Navy, of the Bureau
of Construction, and of the Naval Committee, in
a way so as to leave no doubt as to the expediency
of immediately applying this condenser to the
Navy,
If Senators are resolved to disregard these in-
contestible evidences of the value of this machine,
in consequence of information they have got from
other, and perhaps not the most honorable or dis-
interested parties—if they are determined to put
down the recommendation of the Secretary of the
Navy, of the Bureau of Construction, and the
unanimous recommendation of the Naval Com-
mittee, in consequence of what they have heard
outside of the Senate, let them do it. I shall do
my duty. I stand up here as a member of the
Naval Committee, to defend the recommendation
of that committee, and I place my reputation, not
only as a member of that committee, but the little
professional reputation 1 have, on the statement
that the Pirsson condenser will be found to answer
better than any other heretofore used.
Mr. President, what do gentlemen, in the face
of these experiments and recommendations, pro-
pose? Why, that this subject should be passed
over for the present, and that all the boilers in
your steamships shall continue to use salt water
for the next year, to their great expense and detri-
ment. The boiler of the vessel to which I have
alluded, when examined at San Francisco, after a
continuous voyage of twenty thousand miles, was
found to be perfect, and, in the language of the
engineer, " not a place to spend a shilling on the
engine or boilers if you would;9' and I say that if
the ordinary condenser had been used, it would
have cost many " shillings,if not half theoriginal
cost of the boilers to repair them.
Sir, why should this amendment not be adopted ?
Gentlemen say because there is some doubt on the
subject. I say there ought to be no doubt—there
will be no doubt in the world on the mind of any
candid inquirer, that this is the best condenser
that has ever been used. The Secretary of the
Navy did not doubt; the Naval Committee do
not doubt—and we come here this morning, all of
us, and ask you to direct the Secretary of the
Navy to use it. We ask this authority because,
in consequence of various reports and suggestions
made to him, the Secretary feels constrained to
hesitate, lest he might incur too great expense
without the authority of law—and we ask Con-
gress to authorize him to do whatever he may see
fit to do, and pay whatever he may see fit to pay
for its use. Surely, sir, we do no more than our
duty. This is not an unreasonable request to be
made to Congress. But gentlemen say that this
machine may be improved, may be made better.
We certainly admit that it may be made better,
but we also say that until you do get a better one,
in the name of common sense and prudence adopt
this, which is admitted to be the best now in use,
and will save to the Government a large amount
of money.
If Senators are not yet satisfied, nothing re-
mains for me to do but to make a long, scientific
discussion on the subject of marine engines, and
the use of coal, to show the absolute necessity that
something should be done to reduce the enormous
expense o£ your steam navy. Gentlemen do not
appear to undeistand much about steam naviga-
tion, and I fear it would take more time than the
Senate can well spare to make them comprehend
it fully. ?rly belief is, sir, ar.d I stake my stand-
ing here in the Senate upon it, that if you adopt
this condenser on all your steamships, you will
save nearly $200,000 a year by theoperation. In
the hope that 1 have finally satisfied my friend
from Virginia, the chairman of the Committee on
Finance, as well as other Senators, as to the im-
portance of this measure, I will detain the Senate
no longer.
Mr. CASS. I am utterly opposed to this spe-
cics of legislation. This is not a fit subject of
legislation. I am not among the number of those
alluded to by the honorable Senator from New
Jersey, who have been operated upon by external
pressure. I never heard a word about this case
until it came up here, and then I must say that
the proposition struck me as very extraordinary.
I have been surprised, also, at the discussion that
has taken place. Why, sir, my object is to avoid
external pressure. Every member must perceive
that there is too much of it, especially towards the
end of a session, and we are hurried into the adop-
tion of measures which we ought not to adopt.
I repeat, this is a question of administration.
Why should you legislate as to a particular con-
denser any more than a particular boiler, or the
breech of a musket, or the size of a cannon, or
any other improvement that may take place in any
measure required in the operations of the Govern-
ment? In the progress of improvements, may not
your Executive adopt them whenever he pleases?
Is it not within his constitutional power, if he has
the means? If the Secretary comes to us, and
says that he wants a certain amount appropriated
for his Department for the purpose of enabling
him to try this condenser, I am willing to give it
to him; but I am not prepared to vote that he shall
use this particular condenser, because—I avow my
ignorance of the whole matter—I know nothing
about it, and I am therefore unwilling to vote pub-
lic money for this purpose. If the Executive wants
authority to do this, I am perfectly willing to vote
an appropriation, to be placed at the control of the
Navy Department, to enable them to put the best
condenser in the vessels of the Navy of the Uni-
ted States. That is all that can be properly re-
quired. It appears to me it is all that any Senator
ought to require. Then we have a proper respon-
sibility on the part of the executive department.
If we give the money to the Department, to apply
as they please, we can hold them responsible for
it; but if we go on in this way, they will not be
responsible.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
Mr. HUNTER. I ask unanimous consent to
lay this bill aside for the purpose of presenting a
report from the Committee of Conference on the
civil and diplomatic bill. I understand from the
Committee on Enrolled Bills that it is necessary to
have this report agreed to at once in order that
the bill may be enrolled to-day.
There being no objection, the report was read,
as follows:
The Committee of Conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the bill (H. R. 196) making appro-
priations for the civil and diplomatic expense5? of Govern-
ment for the year ending the 30th of June, 1853, and for
other purposes, having met, and alter full and tree confer-
ence, have agreed to recommend, and do lecommend to the
respective Houses as follows:
That the House of Representative^ do agree to the 1st,
2d, 7th, 8th, 11th, 12th, 13th, 14th, 17th, 38th, SOth, 21st,
24th,25th, 26th, 29th, 32d, 34th, 36th, 37rh, 38th, 39th, 43d,
45th, 46th, 48th, 49th, 51st, 53d, 54th, 5oth, 58th, 59th, 62d,
63d, 64th, 65th, 66th, 67th, 68th, 69th, 70th, 71st, 73d, 73d,
74th, 75th, 76th, 78th, 79th, 82d, 83(1, 84th, 85th, 90th, 91st,
94th, 95th, 96thr 97tli, 102d, 103d, 104th, 106th, 107th, 109th,
110th, 112th, 113th, 114th, and 119th amendments of the
Senate.
That the two Houses do agiee to the 5th p 'lendment
of the Senate, with an amendment: Page 2. in hue 1, after
the word" accounts,"insert the words4' ofThomas Ritchie,
assignee of William M. Belt."
That the two Houses do agree to the 6th amendment of
the Senate, with an amendment, as follows: Pa^e 3, in line
20, inseit:
" Provided, That no part of this appropriation shall be
applied to the enlarging of the present, or the erection of
new buildings."
That the two Houses do agree to the 19th amendment of
the Senate, with an amendment, a& follows: Page 6, in
line 2, after the word "insert," strike out" nine thousand
four hundred and eighty-five," and m lieu thereof insert the
words "seven thousand."
That the two Houses do agree to th^ 31st amendment of
the Senate, with an amendment, as follows: Page 9, in line
5, strike out the words "two thousand eight hundred,"
and m lieu thereof insert the words "one thousand five
hundred."
That the two Houses do agree to the 35th amendment of
the Senate, with amendments, a« follows: Page 11, strike
out lines 1 to 7 inclusive. In line 10, after the word "Iowa,"
strike out all to the end of line 23, and in lieu thereof in-
sert:
"For the expenses of the United States district court,
which were paid by said county prior to the Ut day of Jan-
uary, 1844, and if. upon such examination, he is satisfied
that, prior to the 1st day of January, 1844, the said county
has paid money which,in accoidancp with the instructions
ot the First Comptroller of the Tieasury, dafed December
19,1843, should have been paid by the marshal of the United
States for said Teintory, he is directed to audit and allow the
!>ame : Provided, Tb<it the amounts thus allowed shall not
evened the sum of .$-12,000, which is hereby appropriated
for that puipose."
That the two Houses do agree to the 40th amendment of
the Senate, with an amendment, as follows : Pago 12, m
line 2 of the amendment, strike out the words "sixteen
