672
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 4,
Mr. HOUSTON. As it seems to be the general
wish that the morning hour should be consumed
in calling for reports from the committees, I with-
draw my motion. I intend, however, if I get the
floor, to repeat the motion morning after morning,
until I can get up the deficiency bill.
Mr. STEPHENS. I present the following joint
res^utions from the Legislature of Georgia, ask
that they be read, laid upon the table, and printed:
In House of Representatives.
It has been the policy of the American Government from
its earliest existence, to maintain friendly relations with all,
hut entangling alliances with none. Our true mission is
not to propagate our opinions or impose upon other coun-
tries our form-of government, by artifice or force, but to
show by our succor, moderation, and justice, the blessings
of self-government and the advantages of free institution*.
Let every people choose for themselves, and make and altei
their political institutions to suit then own condition and
circumstances. In proclaiming and adhering to the doc-
trines ofneutrahty and non-intervention, the United State*
have not followed the lead of other civilized nations, but
have taken the lead and been followed byotheis. The^e
great principles proclaimed in the days ot Washington and
Jefferson, are the great Amcncan principles upon which
our Government has ever stood. The fame and distinction
to which we have attained as a people, the great blessings
which we have dispensed to the world in a/fouling an asy-
lum for the oppressed everywhere, forhidthat we should ioi
a moment cherish the idea of abandoning these principles.
We sympathize with the oppressed, we tender them a home;
but nevei will we join with the ambitious or the revengeful
in a crusade against other nations, whatever may be their
domestic policy. A departure from this safe and correct
rule would involve our Government in endless disputes and
endless waw, the result of which the wisest statesmanship
cannot foresee. Our policy should be to observe good faith
and justice towards all nations, cultivate peace and hai-
morty with all. Against the inMclious wile  of foreign in-
fluence, the jealousy of a free people ought to be constantly
awake, fcince history and experience prove that foreign in-
fluence is one ot the most baneful foes, of a republican gov-
ernment. In extending our commercial relations we should
have as little political connection as possible with foreign
nations. Why, by interweaving out destiny with that of
any part of Euiope, entangle oui peace and pros-penty in
the toils of European ambition, rivalship, mteiest, humoi,
or caprice?
Revolved by the Senate and House of Rep esenhftives of
the State of Ueor^ia in General Jlsse/nbh/ ynet, That his
Excellency the Governor be loque-ted to loiward the fore-
going declaration of principles to our Senatoisand Repre-
sentatives in the Congress of the United State*, with tilt:
request that they may he laid heloip their respective Houses,
as the opinion of the people of Georgia as to the policy of
our Government, and that a copy be scnl «iKo to tiio I'iom-
dent of the (Jrnted States.
Agreed to January 9, 1852:
J AMKS A. MERIWETHER,
Speaker of the Home of Representatives.
THADDEUri STURG1S,
Olerk of the Howe of Representatives
Concurred in January 2], 1852:
ANDREW J. MiLLEIl,
President of the Senate.
LUTIIER J. GLENN,
Secretary of the Senate.
Assented to January 0-2, l£52:
HOWELL COBB, Governor.
Executive Dfpartment, Georgia, )
Mn.lkdofvili.i;, February LI, 1 £5:2. $
1 ceitifv that the loregmng is aconeetcopy 01 rhe ouginal
on file in this office.
Given under my hand and the -eal of the Executive
r 1 Deparlment at the capitol in Miiledgeville.
l,M S,J ARTflUK HOOD,
Secretary Executive J'Jepay/mcni
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, called for the pre-
vious question on the motion to print,
Mr. HIBBARD. Are these resolutions before
the House ?
The SPEAKER. They are before the House
by unanimous consent.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I do not desire to
interfere with the destination the gentleman from
Georgia proposes to give those resolutions, but I
would .suggest that they be referred 10 the Com-
mittee on Foreign Aifairs.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. There i« no
need of any reference.
The question was then taken upon the morion
to lay the resolutions upon the table, und agreed
to.
The SPEAKER. Upon the question tu prim,
the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] moves
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the ,
main question ordered, and under the operation
thereof, the resolutions were ordered to be printed, i
Mr. ORR. I call for the regular order of busi-
ness, and shall object to anything else. i
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES. !
The SPEAKER. Reports are in order from 1
the Committee on Public Lands. j
On motion by Mr. HALL, it was
Oidered. That the Committee on Public Lands be dis- j
charged from the further consideration of the petition of
Jacob Kerr, and that the same be laid upon the table.
Mr. HALL, from the same committee, report-
ed back, with an amendment, House bill No. 119,
granting to the States of Ohio, Indiana, and Illi-
nois, the right of way and a portion of the public
lands to aid in the construction of a railroad from
Toledo, Ohio, via Delhi to Lafayette, in Indiana,
to Springfield, in Illinois; which was read, com-
mitted to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HALL, from the same committee, report-
ed back House bill granting to the States of Illi-
fand Indiana lands to aid in the construction
iilroads therein;" which was read a first and
nd time by its title.
he question now being upon its engrossment,
Jr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky said: f tres-
pass upon the attention of the House with great re-
luctance now, and shall therefore only ask its atten-
tion for a few moments. I feel a deep solicitude
for the passage of this bill. It is the same that
passed the Senate in the last Congress, and was
lost in the unfinished business before this House. ;
It proposes to grant alternate sections of the public
lands to the States of Indiana and Illinois, tor the
purpose of assisting the construction of a railroad
from New Albany, in the State of Indiana, via
Mount Carmel on the Wabash, to Alton and St.
Louis. The State Legislatures of Indiana and
Illinois several years since chartered a company
to construct that road, and about §300,000 have
been expended upon the work. There are no lands
embraced by this bill that have not been exposed
to market by the United States for the last forty-
five years. The donation must be preciously small
at best, arid the gentlemen who are so tenacious of
the public lands may be quieted by my declara-
tion that this bill cannot commit robbery of the
! public domain to any considerable extent, either
j as to quantity or value! The principle of this bill
! has been so often applied in other cases, that I am
relieved from any argument upon the competency
of Congress to admit it as a proper case. To show
that this case is a proper one, I remark that the
work to which the donation will be applied is
essentially national. It is t^ie trunk-road winch
will continue, westward, lines of railways from
the North, South, and East, and which unite at
the Falls of the Ohio. The railroads from Savan-
nah, Charleston, and Mobile, alike will find their
i northern termini at Louisville. They will con-
t nect there with roads extending to Chicago in the
I Northwest, and Sandusky on Lake Erie," while
j the link which shall unite, on the one or other side
j of the Ohio, the cities of Cincinnati and Louisville
; will bring to the Falls of the Ohio the travel by
; that great net work of railroads extending North
1 and East, which terminates at the city of Cincin-
| nati. This road traverses two States, uniting still
; two otherS totes, and offering its line of travel for
! the productions and business of at least a dozen
| more Stares. It will be useful to Georgia, South
Carolina, and Alabama, because it connects them
. directly with the hemp-growing regions of Mis-
! soun and Illinois, and opens, by the only line
i which they can ever enjoy, a participancy m the
: trade of the valley of the Missouri river. It will
j be useful to New York, Boston,Philadelphia, and
! Baltimore, because it forms an extension, by the
most practicable Southern route, of those great
, hues by which the enterprise of capital has con-
J nected each with the fair legions of the West. It
will be of eminent utility to the West itself. Be-
| sides bringing into notice regions which are now
excluded to all markets, it will, by an artificial
construction two hundred arrd forty-eight miles in
length across the delta of the Ohio and Mississippi,
, at once overcome five hundred and fifty miles of
1 precarious and frequently dangerous navigation.
It will ennble the traveler to pass ftom St. Louis
to Louisville 111 a day, when now he toils over the
distance consuming always three and sometimes
six days of time. It will expedite postal com-
munications with the Northwestern States in a
corresponding ratio. There is no part of the Mis-
sissippi mer naugation so dangerous, or upon
which such interruptions to commerce occur, as
that part lying between St. Louis and Cairo. You
may examine the long calendar of accidents which,
through past years, has attracted so little attention
from our Government, yet has subjected the
western commerce to such fatal loss, and you will
ascertain that much more than a proper propor-
tion of the catalogue lays the scene of disaster in
distance which this road will avoid, or overcome
entirely. I say, therefore, this work presents
strong claims to your favor from its nationality. I
do not seek to conceal that I regard it with especial
interest, because it connects directly with the com-
mercial interests of my own particular locality.
It traverses the rich coal-fields of Illinois, and will
afford sites for manufactures which are now value-
less. It brings to our doors extensive and rich
valleys which now we cannot, without great diffi-
culty, penetrate. Yet, sir, what I ask for this en-
terprise is now of no value to you, and, unless this
enterprise shall succeed, will continue valueless to
the Government. This is not a scheme, Mr.
Speaker, to run a railroad through a wilderness,
and to precede population by an expenditure of
public funds for the construction of a road. The
whole country is an old settled country. The
point at which it crosses the Wabash was the
theater of the earliest western military adventures,
and in the vicinity of the earliest French settle-
ments of that quarter of the Confederacy. The
line of this road follows the ridge dividing the wa-
ters of the White river in Indiana, and die waters
of the Ohio, and crossing the valley of the Wa-
bash at the mouth of White river, traverses the
uplands and prairies of Illinois. The lands have
been so long exposed at the land offices for pri-
vate entry, that little remains upon which private
capital will be invested, unless some stimulant
shall be afforded—some inducement whereby large
and new advantages may be offered to the settler.
The ridge lands to which I have alluded may be
rich—i presume they are—but Western gentle-
men know that Government can never dispose of
them unless some contrivance like this shall pass
them from the public proprietorship. Then they
will be valuable, and will soon be taken up. It is
only unconsidered trifles " which I ask you to
confer by this grant, and the donation brings to
Government the advantage of closing out definitely
and forever its claims upon the pifblic domain
where expenditures must far exceed receipts.
I shall not consume more time by enlarging
upon considerations suggestedby the presentation
of this subject. I have briefly attempted to show
to gentlemen from the large States and from the
distant States, that this case forms a just exception
to the rule which they seem to have adopted in the
case of the Missouri railroad. I shall not aigue
the general question of the national policy con-
nected witl^the public domain. I want a particu-
lar grant—an inconsiderable donation—ana 1 want
to avoid, if possible, being drifted with my small
vessel into the general whirlpool, in which they
are being carried who are freighted with heavier
cargoes. Mine, sir, is no magnificent scheme,
and I hope it will not'be consigned to the tomb
of the Capulets " by being sent after the bill of
my friend from Missouri;- for in that struggle
which will come heieafter for precedence in getting
out of the committee, my bill will stand 110 chance,
for no great sections are engaged, by the amount
it will bestow, to answer for its safety.
If any gentleman desires to address the House
on this bill, 1 will yield the floor, but if no one
has a wish to speak to this bill, I should like to
have a vote upon its engrossment for a third
reading, and for that purpose I shall move the
previous question.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. I understand the
reason which operates upon many gentlemen m
voting against these grunts of land, to the new
States. It is, that the effect of it will be to pass
large bodies of these wild lands into the hands of
speculators, and prevent the settlement of the
country. Now, in a country where the lands have
been in market for forty-five years, and the coun-
try is thoroughly settled, and where there are
nothing but second and third-rate lands and no
possibility of settlement, it seems to me that there
is no danger that these lands could be transferred
in bodies to speculators. Although my own State
is not specially interested in this work, except as
a connecting link in those great roads passing from
St. Louis to Cincinnati, still I am anxious that
this bill should pass. I desire to submit but a
single remark, to show that this bill could not be
subject to the paramount objection that prevails in
regard to many others, and with the hope that the
House may give it their favorable consideration.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that the
bill be referred to the Committee of the Whole on
