THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $3 FOR THIS SESSION.
3'2d Congress, 1st Session.
TUESDAY, AUGUST 31, 1852.
New Series No. 154.
thousand five hundred," and instead thereof insert the
words "twenty thousand."
That the two Houses do agree to the 41st amendment of
the Senate, with an amendment, as follows: Page 12, in
line 2 of the amendment, strike out the words "sixteen
thousand five hundred," and m lieu thereof insert" twenty
thoucand."
That the two Houses do agree to the 50th amendment of
the Senate, with an amendment, as follows: Pasel7, slnke
out lines 3 to 6 inclusive, and in iieu thereof insert:
" For purchasing a sue, and the construction of a suitable
bmlding at Richmond, Vu?ima, for custom-house, post
office, court-rooms, and other offices of the United States,
$100,000: Provided, That the said lot and building ehall
be exempted from city and all other taxes whatever, bv the
act or the Legislature of Vnjrinia : Jind jrrovided further,
That before the Secretary of the Treasury shall erect the
said building, it shall fust be his duty to procure a proper
site or lot of ground, and to make a contract or contiaets
for the erection ot said builduisj, and iurmshmjr the same
at a stun or sums which shall not, in the whole, exceed the
sum of $150,000, inclusive of fund lot, which fwiid eonlMCt
or contracts shall be secured by good and sufficient sure-
ties, to the satisfaction of the said Secretary of the Treas-
ury and President of the United States."
That the two Houses do agiee to the 43d amendment of
the Senate, with an amendnfent. as follows: 18, strike
outlines] to 10 inclusive, and in heu thereof insert:
Fin purchasing a site and the construction of a suitable
building at Waldobnrou«rh, Maine, for eiwtnm-hou**1, post
office, and other offices ol the TTnited Stales, and fur-
nishing the same, $12,000 : Provided* That the said lot and
building shall be exempted from citv and all other t«t*es what-
ever, by the act of the Lcgi^latuie of Maine: Jlnd pro-
vided fuilker, That before the Secretary of the Treasury
shall eiect the said building, it shall ftist be his duty to pio-
cure a proper site or lot of gtound, and to make a contiact
or contiaets foi the ercction of ssaid building, and furnishing
the same, at a sum or sums which shall not, in the whole,
cxcced the sum of$H,000, inclusive of said lot, winch said
contract or contracts shall be seeui ed by good and ■sufficient
sureties, to the satisfaction of the said Secretary ol the Treas-
ury and the Ptesideniof the United States.^
That the two Houses do agree to the 18th amendment
of the Senate, with amendment*, as follows : Pane 30, in
line 1, after the word "of," strike out the woid *'fom,"
and m lieu thereof insert "two;" and aftei the word
<'bridue," m line 4, strike out the woids two thousand
seven hundred and fifty-five dollars,"and m heu thereof
inseit, "one thousand three hundred and seventy-seven dol-
iais and fifty cents."
That the two Houses do agree tothe92d amendment ofthe
Senate, with an amendment, as follows : Page 39, m line
3,after the word " thousand," strike out the words "five
hundred."
That the two Houses doagiee to the 10f>th amendment of
the Senate, with an amendment, as follows : Page -13, slnke
out lines 7 to 10 inclusive.
That the two Houses do agree to the 108th amendment of
the Senate, with an amendment,as follows: Page 45,strike
out lines 1 to 9, inclusive, and in lieu thereof inseit:
u All whose compensation shall exeeed and shall
be less than $-1,600, shall leoeive an additional compensa-
tion of ten per cent, upon the amount of their salami:
Pro-tided, Tliat no salnrv shall be increased to tnoie than
,<$1,600 by the per cent, or additional compensation herein
piovided for."
That the two Houses do agiee to the 111th amendment of
the Senaie, with an amendment,a* follows • Pa<.'/J 4G, sfril;^
out al! after the woid " States," in line 17, to the end of
line SI.
That the two Houses do acice to the 115th amendment of
the Senate, with amendments, as follow?: Page 49, in line
3. after the word c<agent," insert the words "lor Califor-
nia;" in line 8, stuke out the word "asMstant," and in
heu thereof insert " a-^oemtc and in Imo 10, after the
woid " Commissioners," insert " on private land claims m
California.''
Th<if the two Houses do agree to the 117th amendment of
the Senate, with amendments, as follows : Paire 51, inline
13, stuke out the word " seven," and in lieu thereof m^ei t
" five in line 15, stuke out the woid " eighteen," and in
lieu thereof inseit" sixteen in same hne, (15,) aftei the
word " dollars," strike out "one" and insert "two;" in
line 16, strike out the woid " euteen" and in lieu thereof
in«en •' twelvein line 17, strike out " one" mid mseit
two;" aNo, strike out the woids i: fomteen bundled," in
lines 17 and 18, and in lieu thereof insert4c one thousand,"
and strike out all after the word "dollars," in line 18, to
the end of hue 19.
That the two Houses do agree to the i23th amendment
ol the Senate, with an amendment, hs- follows: Page 5:2,
strike out all after the word " enacted," in linel, to the
end of hue 11 inclusive, and m heu thereof inseit:
" That from and after the passage of this act, m heu of
the compensation now allowed by law for his services,
there .*hall he paid heieafter to each of the deputy naval
officers at the por*s of "Boston, TVew York, Philadelphia,
Baltimore, and New Orleans, $2,000 per annum, to be paid
out of the fund tor the expenses of collecting the revenue."
That the two Houses do agree to the lsHst amendment
of the Senate, with amendments, as follows: Page 53, in
line 5, strike out "eighteen," and instead thereof insert
"sixteen;" and in hne 7, strike out the woid " touiteen,""
and in heu thereof insert " twelve "
That the two Houses do agree to the 193d amendment of
the Senate, with amendments, as follows: Page 54, after
the word " done," m line 9, insert the word "and," and
strike out all after the word <£ completion, " in hne 10 to the
end of line 18 inclusive, and in lieu thereof insert:
" According to his contract prices, with such proportion
of $50,000 in addition theieto, as the amount of the work
performed bv him bears to the amount of woik done by the
punter for the Thirty-first Congress, when estimated under
his contract prices "
And that the Senate do recede from their 3d, 4th, 9th,
10th, 15th, 16th, 23d, 23d, 27th, 28lh, 30th, 33d, 42d, 44th,
47th, 55th, 57th, 60th, Gist, 77th, 81st, 86th. 87th, 88th, 89th,
93d, 98th, ySth, 100th, 101st. llf rh, and 118th amendments.
R. M. T. HUNTER,
J. Tl. UNDERWOOD,
JOHN B. VVELLEll,
Senate Committee.
GEORGE S. HOUSTON,
W\LLI AM A1TLKTON,
GEORGE W. JONES,
House Committee.
Mr. HUNTER. I will state in general terms
that we have preserved the most material amend-
ments of the Senate. Most of the remaining
amendments we have agreed to with amendments
which do not alter them much. I believe that on
the whole we have done the best we could, though
perhaps not all that every one would desire.
The report was agreed to.
A message from the House of Representatives
was subsequently received by Mr. Forney, its
Clerk, announcing: that it had agreed to the report
of the Committee"of Conference, on the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses 011 the bill making
appropriations for the civil and diplomatic expen-
ses of Government for the year ending June 30,
1853, and that the bill be amended accordingly.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate resumed, as in Committee of the
Whole, the consideration of the bill from the House
'< making appropriations for the naval service for
the year ending the 30th of June 3 853,'? the ques-
tion pending being on the amendment offered by
Mr. Dams to the amendment of Mr. Gwim.
Mr. SHIELDS. I wish to say only a word in
reply to my honorable friend from New Jersey.
I regret very much to differ from him 011 this oc-
casion; he is much better informed on the sub-
ject than I can possibly be. My only objection
'to this is my want of information and my igno-
rance on the subject. I am not qualified to judge
of it as he is, and I wish to assuie him that I never
heard a word about the matter until it came up this
morning. No one has ever spoken to me on the
subject, either in or out of the Senate. I have not
opposed it because I have received wrong inform-
ation on the subject, but, because I have received
no information on the subject.
I want to know two tilings. First, what is the
best invention of this kind; and next, whether,
when that invention is applied on a steam vessel,
it will be successful. As the Secretary of the
Navy is the person qualified to jud^e of these
matters, I prefer to leave them to him. Why
does the Secretary of the Navy come here to ask
us to give him permission to do that which he is
already able to do without the permission ? Why
does he not take the responsibility himself? He
is there for that purpose. He can take the best
invention and apply it to a public vessel; and if it
succeeds on that vessel, he can extend it to other
public vessels. He can do that without this legis-
lation. He can ascertain what is the best inven-
tion, and then he can make a fair experiment; and
if successful, apply it to the whole Navy. Is not
that so ? Then, why does he come to us, and rec-
ommend to us to recommend to him to do that
which he can do without any recommendation oil
our part? . .
Mr. STOCKTON. If my friend from Illinois
desires another answer to his interrogatory, from
me, I will give it, I intended to do so when I
last addresed the Senate. I thought I stated that
the Secretary of the Navy wanted authority to
use this condenser, in consequence of the difficul-
ties and confusion which have been thrown in his
way by persons interested in other condensers,
and especially because the report made by scien-
tific gentlemen, who were appointed for that pur-
pose, was not sufficiently definite or conclusive.
The Secretary did not feel himself at liberty to go
on in so important a business without authority
of Congress. It will be perceived that this has
been forced out of the ordinary course of depart-
mental regulation, by the interference of persons
not at all connected with the Navy, and who are
interested in other condensers. What we ask is
merely to disembarrass the present Secretary from
the difficulties that seem to have constrained the
action of his predecessor.
Mr. CASS. Do I understand that the report of
the board was unfavorable to the application?
Mr. STOCKTON. It was more favorable to
this than to any other condenser; but not conclu-
sive.
Mr. CASS. But still not entirely favorable ?
Mr. STOCKTON. I wish to be perfectly un-
derstood. The board thought, as I understand
the report, that the Pirsson condenser was the
best; but that parts taken from several condensers
might possibly make a better one than his. I
have in my hand papers which prove that 1 am
not mistaken.
Mr. SHIELDS. No doubt of if.
Mr. STOCKTON. Now, sir, as a legislator,
called upon to determine what is the best course
for the Depaitment of the Navy to pursue under
the circumstances, and especially, as a member of
the Committee on Naval Affairs, 1 am constrained
to insist, with earnestness, that this amendment
j ought to be adopted by tiie Senate. Our steam
| navy is costing annually too much money, and I
I believe we may reduce its expenses $200,000 a
| year, by a judicious application of this condenser
j to all the engines. Is that not a matter of lmport-
'an"e? Ilow is this conclusion to be avoided?
How can Senators satisfy themselves to let, the
j present expenses go on, simply because the com-
1 mission did not report that this condenser was
j perfect, and incapable of improvement'1 They re-
' ported more favorably of this than any other con-
denser; the only difficulty in their minds seems to
1 have been, that they thought another one might
[ possibly be made better than Pirsson's. When
such a one is made we can use it; but, in the mean
time, let us apply this.
Mr. Piesideut", 1 have given you the experience
\ of persons who are engaged in steam vessels in
I the mercantile marine—men who are apt to do that
j which is best; especially that which is most eco-
! nomical. I cited in my former remarks, the 111-
i stance of the Cluickstep steamer which went to
California, and stated that on her arrival there,
; her engines and boilers were m as good condition
as when she left Philadelphia. This is no exag-
geration; the evidence in my hand proves it. Upon
so serious a subject as this I am disposed to confine
myself within the limits of exact figures.
Here is a letter from the engineer of that steam-
er to which I have before referred, stating these
facts, and his great surprise at the result. Here
is also a letter from Mr. George Aspinwali, owner,
or part owner of that vessel. Here, likewise, is
a letter addressed to myself, from eminent and
skillful mechanics, Reany & Neafie, in Philadel-
phia, written to me simply because they knew I
felt an interest 111 such experiments.
Now, I think if Senatois have faith in any hu-
man testimony—if they can believe what is testi-
fied to by the "most, reliable men, they must believe
the concurrent testimony of these witnesses, and
1 they must come to the coiiclus'on that this js the
j best condenser now in use or known. If this be
! still a disputed fact, then we must go fuither into
i the testimony. But I do not think it can lunger
! be doubted. Admitting, then, that it is the best
! condenser—admitting that it has done much to
! economize fuel, and preset \~e the boileis arid en-
] gines, I ask Senaiors if they can resist the con-
' elusion, that it is their duty to give the Secretary
! of the Navy authority to use it if he sees fit, and
j enable him to reduce the expenses of our naval
! marine. Sir, as a friend of the Navy—as a friend
i of economy—as a friend of improvement and of
! progress, task Senators to reconsider their opin-
| 10ns—to do justice to an honorable and useful
| citizen, and to vote for the amendment,
i Mr. SHIELDS. I am very sorry to hear the
j Senator from New Jersey say that the Secretary
I of the Navy is embarrassed on this subject. 1 am
j sure that if my honorable friend should ever be
154
