1586
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 19,
Mr. CLINGMAN. Of course that will bring
it up after the morning: hour. ...
The SPEAKER. The Chair la of the impres-
sion that it will be the first business in order after
the morning hour.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The first hour is
devoted to the calling of committees for reports.
Then you may go to the business upon the Speak-
er's table. You go from there to the business
 , specified in the 26th and 27th rules, and then, when
you have got through with all of the business thus
•provided for, you can proceed to the orders of the
flay—to the unfinished business of the preceding
jVlr. CLINGMAN. I am surprised that the
gentleman is now in the wrong, for he is generally
right. That applies to a case where the previous
question is not moved. If the previous question
was not pending, we could not get to the un-
finished business; but where the previous question
has been sustained, it brings it up in advance of
everything else in the House. I move, therefore,
that the House adjourn.
Mr. JONES. The gentleman is only befogging
' himself.
Mr. SEYMOUR. Have not the yeas and nays
been ordered?
The SPEAKER. They have been ordered.
Mr. OLDS. I rise to a privileged question. I
move to reconsider the vote by which the previous
Question was ordered. That will keep the bill be-
ore the House. I now move that the House ad-
journ.
The question was then taken, and it was agreed
to.
So the House adjourned, according to special
order, to meet on Friday next.
PETITIONS, 8tc.
The following petitions, memorials, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. PORTER: The petition of David W. Newton
and 120 others, citizens of Warren and Montgomery coun-
ties, Missouri, asking the establishment of a post road froin.
Warrenton, in Warren county, to Middletown, m Mont-
gomery county.
By Mr. EASTMAN: The memorial of the Legislature of
the State of Wisconsin, asking the establishment of an ad-
ditional land district in said State.
By Mr. MACE: The memorial of David Brier, Joseph
Ristim, Joseph H. Nelson, R. Hetfield, and Charles Tyler,
committee in behalf of the citizens of Fountain county, In-
diana, asking for a grantof land to aid in constructing a
railroad from Springfield, Illinois, to Andersontown, Indi-
ana, via Danville, Covington, Ciawloulsville, Lebanon,
and Noblesville.
By Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi: The petition of John
H. Home, of Mississippi, praying relief from certain de-
mands of the Government, on account o( Indian reserva-
tions.
w HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, June 18, 1852.
TheHouse met pursuant to adjournment. Prayer
by the Rev. C. M. Butler.
The SPEAKER. The business first in order
is the motion to lay upon the table the appeal
taken from the decision of the Chair by the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Bennett.] On Tues-
day last a motion was submitted by the gentleman
from New York, for a call of the House, which
the Chair decided to be out of order. From that
decision an appeal was taken by the gentleman
from New York, and the question now is upon
the motion to lay that appeal upon the table.
Mr. HENN, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as correctly enrolled, an act for the
relief of William S. Payne; an act making appro-
priations for the payment of Navy pensions for
the year ending the 30th of June, 1853; and a
joint resolution to change the name of St. Peter's
river in Minnesota Territory, which were sever-
ally presented to the Speaker, and received his
signature.
Mr. STUART. Before proceeding to the busi-
ness embraced in the morning hour, I ask the
unanimous consent of the House to take from the
Speaker's table and pass two or three bills from the
Committee on Territories. They are such as will
give rise to no discussion, and it is important that
they should be sent to the Senate.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If there is a quorum
I will consent, and not otherwise.
Mr. CARTTER. I object.
A Yoice. Let us adjourn-—there is no quorum
here.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. 1 do not and
will not object to that proposition, or any other
proposition of the kind, but it is very clear that
the question of quorum or no quorum will be made,
and I propose that the House do now adjourn
until Monday next.
Mr. JONES. I have no objection to the motion
being made, but upon that question 1 shall ask for
a division, and if there is a quorum here I shall
have no objection to proceed to the consideration
of these bills.
Mr. STANTO£vL If it should appear that there
is no quorum here, we cannot adjourn until Mon-
day, and we will be put to the necessity of coming
back here to-morrow without purpose and object.
Mr. JONES. Upon the motion made by the
gentleman, [Mr. Stanton,] I shall ask for a divis-
ion, to test whether there is a quorum or not.
Mr. STEPHENS,ofGeorgia. I ask for tellers.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Stanton, of
Tennessee, and Stephens, of Georgia, appointed.
The question was then taken, and there were—
ayes 98, noes 19.
So the House agreed to adjourn till Monday
next.
Mr. STUART. I ask for the unanimous con-
sent of the House to proceed to the consideration
of certain territorial bills.
Mr. DANIEL. I object.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to allow me to report a resolu-
tion from the Library Committee. It is a resolu-
tion merely authorizing them to accept a portrait
of Henry Clay, presented by an artist of New
York.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object at pres-
ent, and move that the House adjourn.
Mr. DANIEL. I demand the yeas and nays
upon that motion.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The House then adjourned, to meet on Monday
next.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions, memorials, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees :
By Mr. liENN: The petition of Dr. William Trippctt
and 47 others, asking lor the establishment of a mail route
from Chariton, Iowa, via Glenvis, White Breast, and
Hopeville, to Pisgah.
Also, the petition of R. W. Steele and 102 others, asking
for the establishment of a mail route from Apple Grove,
Iowq, via Freels, Hartford, and Palmyra, to hidianola.
By Mr. PARKER, of Indiana: The petition of J. P.
Royd, Jonathan Oglmrn, and 4-2 others, citizens of Union,
Wayne, and Randolph counties, Indiana, asking for a tri-
weekly mail route from Liberty, via Centreville, and to
Winchester.
By Mr. UiBBARD : The petition of S. W. Thompson
and others, praying for the establishment of a new mail
route from Lower Bartlett toGorhani,in the State of New
Hampshire, to intersect with the-Atlantic and St. Law-
rence railroad.
Engineers; which was ordered to be laid on the
table and printed.
PETITIONS, ETC.
* The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the ~
Senate the proceedings of a meeting of citizens of
Laurel, Indiana, and of a meeting of citizens of
Napoleon, in the same State, recommending that
provision be made by law for the organization
of the Territory of Nebraska; which were referred
to the Committee on Territories.
Mr. SEWARD presented the petition of L.
Bradish, William C. Bryant, and other citizens of
New York, praying ihat the collection of Indian
Scenes and Portraits of Mr. George Catlin may
be purchased by the United States; which was re-
ferred to the select committee on the subject.
Mr. SEWARD presented a petition of citizens
of New York, praying that the bill now pending
before Congress, commonly known as the "home-
stead bill," may become a law; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. BRIGHT presented two petitions of citi-
zens of Goshen, Indiana, praying that the bill
now pending before Congress, commonly known
as .the "homestead bill," may become a law;
which were referred to the Committee on Public
Lands. '
Mr. MASON presented a memorial of citizens
of the Seventh Ward of the city of Washington,
praying that the Potomac bridge may be rebuilt on
its present site; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia.
REPORT FROM A STANDING COMMITTEE.
Mr. FOOT, from the Committee on Pensions,
to which was referred the petition of the adminis-
trator of Michael Everly, submitted a report, ac-
companied by a bill for the relief of the children
of the late Lieutenant Michael Everly, a revolu-
tionary officer; which was read and passed to the
second reading. The report was ordered to be
printed.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. BRODHEAD, agreeably to previousnotice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill to
provide for the payment of workmen on the
extension of the Capitol, during the suspension of
the work; 'which was read and passed to the sec-
ond reading.
On motion of Mr. BRODHEAD, the bill was
ordered to be printed.
MILITARY POSTS IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. WELLER submitted the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of reporting a bill
for the oigamzation of an additional regiment of mounted
men for the establishment of military posts m California,
and tor other purposes of defense.
Mr. WELLER. In submitting this resolution,
I desire to call the attention of the Senate to the
necessity of providing an additional military force
for the protection of the people of California. The
last advices from that country give us the intelli-
gence that murders and robberies, in that section
of the State where the Indians are found,are be-
coming alarmingly frequent, and are constantly in-
creasing. In an address, signed by the two Sena-
tors and four Representatives in the State Legisla-
ture from the counties of Shasta, Trinity, and
Klamath, I find that, in a very few months past,
one hundred and thirty white men have been mur-
dered, and property worth $240,000 destroyed.
They say:
"The evil is increasing every day, as a more intimate
knowledge ot the whites makes the Indians more bold and
reeklcss in their attacks. Already they enter our towns
and villages at night, and steal or set fire to property; the
habitations of the industrious miners, while they are at
their labors, are entered with impunity, and robbed of their
contents ; the pack animal*, on which the miners must de-
pend for their provisions, are either killed on the spot where
found, or driven away, to be roasted and eaten by the dep-
redators. The people are compelled to travel from one
portion of the country to another in companies, well armed,
to repel attacks.
" j t has been charged that the hostility of the Indians
was superinduced by acts of injustice committed by the
whites. As a general thing, we can state that, from oar
IN SENATE.
Saturday, June 19, 1852.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. C. M. Butler.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a communication from the Secretary of
State, in answer to a resolution of the Senate of
the 11th June, directing him to communicate
to that body whatever information he may have
obtained in Mexico and elsewhere in relation to
the Gardiner claim. The Secretary states that he |
has laid the same before the President, who is of ■
the opinion that the information desired would not
comport with the public interest; and further, that
he concurs entirely in that opinion. The commu-
nication was ordered to be laid upon the table and
be printed.
Also, a report from the Secretary of the Interior,.
in relation to the liquidated balance due the Creek
Indians for losses sustained by them during the
late war with Great Britain; which was ordered to
be laid on the table and printed.
Also, a report from the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, communicating, in answer to a resolution of
the Senate, a report of the Register of the Treas-
ury, and other papers in relation to the claim of i own knowledge, this has not been the case, and have no
T\r«hnm Wnrfl-whic.h was ftrdprpd tr  Kp iairi on ii hesitation n  saying that n emanates from the known char-
acter of the Indians—a mischievous disposition, and desire
Nahum Ward; which was ordered to be laid on
the table and printed. i
Also, a report of the Secretary of War, com-
municating, in compliance with a resolution of
the Senate, a reconnoissance of the Gulf of Cali-
fornia and the Colorado river, made in 1850 and
i for plunder. In but few instances have the first offenses
i been committed by the whites.
"This state of affairs cannot continue much longer. If
that protection which every State should extend to her cit-
izens is not soon granted to our people, they must either
unite and exterminate the Indians in their neighborhood,
1851, by Lieutenant Derby, of the Topographical li or withdraw from it altogether."
