674
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 4,
4
Union, to take its place upon the Calendar. I am
satisfied that if it goes there, it will be the last
they will hear of it. I do not expect the citizens
of that portion of the Union will receive the benefit
of this grant. I do not expect that the connection
of the waters of Tennessee with those of Alaba-
ma, in which the Government and people of the
United States feel so much interest, will ever be
consummated by any grant of land from this Con-
gress. I tell my constituents that they must rely
upon their own private resources—upon their own
energy and private enterprise, to complete this
work, intended to connect the waters of Tennessee
and Alabama. I believe the interest of this Gov-
ernment would be greatly promoted by making
the grant of land which this bill proposes. It
would bring into market, and make valuable, a
large quantity of the public domain which is now
nearly worthless. 1 believe it would result in
benefit to the General Government if this grant
were made; but I am compelled to say, with the
most sanguine hope that it is possible for me to
entertain, that I have no expectation that it will
be done by this Congress. And I admonish my
constituents to go on with their private enterprise
and complete the road. They have already con-
structed some two hundred miles of this road,
which is to connect these mighty waters together.
But forty-three miles are left, and I say, go on and
complete by private enterprise what you have ;
commenced and carried thus far! .Surmount all I
the obstacles which present themselves m your I
path. This Congress will not give you anything j
to assist you. Go on, and do it yourselves ! j
Before I take my seat, I must ask permission to i
return my thanks to a former Congress for the aid i
they gave towards the construction of this road. 1
And to show this Congress that this has been re-
garded as a great national work, I must allude to
the -fact that by an express provision made by a
former Congress, the State of Alabama was re-
quired to appropriate a portion of her five per cent,
net proceeds of the sales of the public lands to the
great object which this road, when completed, will
accomplish—the connection of the waters of Ala-
bama with those of Tennessee.
Mr. McMULLIN. J would suggest to thegen-
tleman fiom Alabama [Mr. Cobb] that he wait
till his bill has been read a first and second time,
before he proceeds to make his speech.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has a right
to proceed.
Mr. COBB. 1 am exceedingly obliged to the
gentleman from Virginia for his suggestion; espe-
cially as I am an exceedingly young member of the
House, and inexperienced as to the proper mode of
proceeding. [Laughter.] However, if it is the
pleasure of the House to have the bill read now, 1
will give way for that purpose.
Mr. GENTRY. The House will hearthegen-
tleman fiom Alabama, I have no doubt, with great
pleasure. I hope he will be permitted to proceed.
A Member. What is your bill3
Mr. com?. It is a bill grunting the right of
Wily and making a grant of alternate sections of
land to the Selniaand Gunter's Landing railroad
1 will leave it to the pleasure of the House to say
whether I shall go 011 now. Can I go on ?
[Cries of " Go on!" " Go on !"]
The SPEAKER. The Chair will suggest that
the gentleman from Alabama will be perfectly m
order to continue his remarks, if he will permit the
bill to be read a first and second time.
The hill was then read a first and second time
by its title.
Mr. COBB continued. I only desire to say a
few words now, and then I shall not inflict a speech
upon the House afterwards. What I am saying
1 design more particularly for my constituents
than with any expectation that it will affect the
action of the House upon the bill.
Mr. McMULLIN. Will the gentleman give
way for a moment, in order to enable me to offer
an amendment to the bill?
1 ,prefer t0 make my sPeech
and l lVv £emle™an offer h.s amendment
and make his speech afterwards. [Laughter 1
riivP.JTf f,tteMio11 of the House will not be
f' i! i importance of this work. I al-
luded a moment ago to the view with which the
Government regarded this work; and I repeat now
what 1 said then, that although their proportion of
the net proceeds of the sales of the public lands
was g,ven to the other States unconditionally!
yet of so great importance did the Government
regard the connection of the waters of Tennessee
with those of Alabama, that the State of Alabama
was required to appropriate a portion of that
money tor this express object. Sir, that State has
faithfully carried into etfect that requirement, and
by the aid of private subscription she has carried
on this work thus far; and should this House and
this Congress agree to grant lands to the utmost
extent for which this bill provides, they cannot
contribute more than one seventeenth part of the
amount required to complete the road. Now, sir,
the citizens of Alabama, and of different portions
of the Union, are ready with their own private en-
terprise to go on and complete every sixteen parts
out of seventeen of this road, and 1 ask if gentle-
men upon this floor will deny the grant which is
asked to complete the other part, of a woik of so
much national importance as this?
Mr. Speaker, 1 desire to make these remarks
as brief as possible, but I cannot close without
tracing this road from Selma to its terminus. You
have heard the remarks of the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Marshall] upon another bill to-
day. I desire to call the attention of that gentle-
man to the portion of his remarks in which, while
speaking of the importance of connecting his por-
tion of the country with the great lakes, he inci-
dentally alluded to the works which were pro-
gressing in the State of Alabama towards the
same quarter. And what work was it to which
he alluded? Why, sir, it was the one in behalf
of which I am now speaking. It is this work
which is to complete the line of connection with
the great lakes. And will you refuse the little
pittance for which this bill provides? I tell the
gentleman, as the Representative of the mountain
district through which this road is expected to
run, that we can and will make this road our-
selves, if you will not help us. We shall pene-
trate those mountains; but I hope we shall not be
denied this little grant, which is to open a commu-
nication for your flour and pork and hemp from
the States of Ohio, Indiana, Tennessee, and Ken-
tucky, to Alabama. I hope when this subject
comes up again, that we shall not see a gentleman
from any of those States opposing this bill. I
hope they will see the importance of this work.
Let me say to the gentleman from the State of
Ohio, that this road will enable you and your con-
stituents to place your pork and flour, m three
days' time, into any portion of the State of Ala-
bama. If you had had this communication last
summer, when flour was §10 per barrel all over
the interior of Alabama, while it was but $3 50 in
Ohio, what a source of wealth would it have
proved for your own State! But I do not intend
to trespass upon the attention of the House.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. I desire to in-
quire if the morning hour has not expiied?
The SPEAKER. It has expired.
Mr. COBB. I have nearly finished what I have
to say now, but if gentlemen cut me off and allow
me to get a new head of steam, I may make
another speech to-morrow. [Laughter.]
Mr. HARRIS. I move that the House pro- 1
ceed to the consideration of the business on the
Speaker's table.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I move that the House !
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole 1
on the state of the Union. The morning hour i
has expired, and I believe such a motion is m
order. ;
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. I hope the !
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Richardson] will
waive his motion for a few minutes until some
Senate bill upon the Speaker's table can be re- :
ferred to their appropriate committees, as also some 1
i communications lyina; on the table. 1
: Mr. MOORE. ' I rise to a question of order. I ,
would ask the Speaker if it is possible, while one
member is upon the floor making a speech, for 1
another gentleman to take the floor for the purpose '
i of submitting a motion to the House? ;
J The SPEAKER. When the morning hour has
; expired, it is in order, but it would not be during
j the morning hour.
Mr. RICHARDSON, 1 would gladly consent
to the proposition of the gentleman from JMew
York [Mr. Seym urn] if f could, but unless we go
into Committee of the Whole reports of commit-
tees would necessarily take precedence of the
business upon the Speaker's table, and, therefore,
I must hold to my motion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is inclined to the
opinion that the motion of the gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Harris] is in order.
The question was then taken upon the motion
of Mr. Harris, and it was agreed to; there being,
upon a division—ayes 89, noes not counted.
Mr. RICHARDSON. 1 now move that the
House resolve itself into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
ASSIGNABILITY OF LAND WARRANTS.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Will the gentle-
man from Illinois allow the bill from the Senate,
entitled " An act to make land warrants assignable
and for other purposes" to be taken up before that
vote is taken ?
Mr. RICHARDSON. I will; and there are
two bills upon the table which I wish should be
taken up.
The bill was then, by unanimous consent, read
by its title, as above reported.
Mr. JONES. It will be recollected that the
House amended the first section of that Senate
bill, and then struck out all the remaining portion
of it. The Senate have non-concurred with all
the amendments of the House, and sent it back
here. I now move that the House insist upon
their amendments, and that we ask for a commit-
tee of conference. This will bring all the ques-
tions in dispute between the two Houses, in rela-
tion to the fees of registers and receivers, and the
extension of these land warrants, before this com-
mittee of conference.
Mr. HOUSTON. My own opinion is, that
the course proposed by the gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Jones] is not usual. The vote for the
House to take now, is to insist upon these amend-
ments, and return the bill to the Senate, and when
it shall have been done, it will be time enough to
ask for a committee of conference. I take it the
House is not the proper body to ask for a com-
mittee of conference at this time. I ask, therefore,
for a division of that question.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. The House is
now called upon to take action in relation to the
proceedings of the Senate upon that bill, when
they know nothing as to what those proceedings
are. I ask, then, what it is that the Senate has
done.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be read.
Mr. RICHARDSON. The gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Breckinridge} has the floor in
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
He is unwell, and may not be able to be here to-
morrow. I move, therefore, that the House re-
solve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, upon the special order.
The question was then taken, and agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Jones, of Tennessee, in the chair.)
HOMESTEAD BILL.
The CHAIRMAN. The business first before
the committee is the special order, being House
bill No. 7, for the encouragement of agriculture,
and for other purposes. Upon that question the
gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Breckenridge]
is entitled to the floor.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE then addressed the
House an hour, in reply to remarks made some
time since bjrMr. Cabexl, of Florida, to the effect
that the opinions of General Butler, of Kentucky,
on the slavery question, were not known. This
he denied, and referred to General Butler's politi-
cal life to prove that he was sound on the slavery
question. He referred to the action of the Demo-
ciatic Convention lately held in Kentucky,recom-
mending General Butler to the Comention to be
held in Baltimore m June next as a suitable per-
son to nominate for the Presidency, and to the
resolutions adopted by the Kentucky Convention,
reading a letter from that gentleman endorsing the
resolutions adopted by the Convention. In the
name of the Kentucky Democracy, he denied the
charge that General Butler was an Abolitionist.
He also commented on an article in the Demo-
cratic Review, denunciatory of certain prominent
statesmen, and General Butler in particular; and,
in conclusion, urged harmony among the Demo-
cratic party.
[See Appendix for Mr. Breckinridge's speech.]
Mr. CABELL, of Florida, followed in a few
remarks, stating that at the time he made his re-
marks General Butler's opinions were not known.
