2450
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 30,
Secretary of the Navy, and a question of this kind
should come up, he would riot feel embarrassed
about it.
Mr. STOCKTON. There would be no em-
barrassment then. [Laughter.]
Mr. SHIELDS. I am sure of it. I do not
want any man in that position who is not willing
to take responsibility on a point appertaining to
his duty. Any man who-does not take the proper
responsibility of his situation would not make as
good a Secretary of the Navy as my honorable
and distinguished friend from New Jersey. The
objection that I make is not touched at all by what
the honorable Senator has said. I believe all that
he has said. This may be the best condenser on
earth. It may be necessary to the American
Navy. I am willing to tell the Secretary, to get
the very best condenser on the face of the globe,
and to apply that condenser to the vessels of the
Navy; but that is precisely the authority which he
has now, and consequently I do not see any ne-
cessity for the amendment.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President 
Mr. GWIN. I would suggest to Senators that
they had better condense their remarks on this
condenser as much as possible, so that the Navy
appropriation bill may not be lost by the consump-
tion of time.
Mr. DAVIS. I am not in the habit of dilating
very much; but I would say to the honorable Sen-
ator from New Jersey that I think he argues this
question upon an entire misapprehension of the
nature and character of the amendment which is
proposed. The proposition is not to restrict or
limit the power of the Secretary of the Navy, but
to enlarge it; and if this invention has one half,
or a tithe of the merits which the honorable Sena-
tor from New Jersey imputes to it, what has he to
fear from the amendment which I have suggested?
My proposition is to strike out the name of the indi-
vidual and bring him into competition with others.
The honorable Senator says this condenser is im-
measurably ahead of all others. Why then not
leave the Secretary to investigate the matter?
Mr. STOCKTON. Does the Senator say in
his amendment that the Secretary of the Navy
shall select the best condenser?
Mr. DAVIS. My proposition is to leave the
Secretary to select a proper condenses*. I have
confidence in his judgment.
Mr. STOCK/TON. If the Senator will put in
"best," 1 will agree to it.
Mr. DAVIS. Of course the Secretary would
select the best condenser.
Mr. STOCKTON. Then why not say so ? I
will agree to that.
Mr. DAVIS. I was about to say that in a trial
had by scientific men who have examined this
subject, some three or four inventions were brought
out, which were so nearly alike, that these scien-
tific gentlemen could not decide to give a prefer-
ence to any one of them over the others. I ask if
in experimenting it is not the duty of the Secre-
tary of the Navy, if he employs the improve-
ments on different vessels, to employ the inven-
tions of different inventors? Why should he be
limited to one* There is no sense—no judgment
in that; and certainly it does not comport with the
public interest. If you are to try these inven-
tions, let there be a fair contest, let the matter be
open to inquiry, and let the United States have
the benefit, of the best mode.
Mr. STOCKTON. Iam willing to strikeout
Mr. Pirsson's name, and agree to the amendment
of the Senator from Massachusetts, which is:
"And the Secretary of the Navy may, if lie deem it
proper, cause to be applied as soon as practicable, to all
the steam vessels belonging to the United States, any steam
condenser which may he found best calculated for the pur-
pose of furnishing fresh water for rnaime boilers, and for
tlie u-e of the crew."
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to; and the amendment as amended was agreed to.
Mr. GWIN. The next amendment is to add
after the appropriation "for the repairs and erec-
tion of buildings for the Naval Academy," the
following:
'* For the purchase of ground adjoining the promises oc-
cupied by the Naval Academy, extension of wall®, making
new street and wharf, and changing the front of the build-
ings, £32,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GWIN. The nextamendment is to insert
after the appropriation for meteorological observa-
tions, the following:
" For the payment of the salary of Professor James P.
Espy during the fiscal year ending June 30th, 1848, no ap-
propriation having been made by Congress for that year,
$2,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GWIN. The nextamendment is to insert,
at the end of the appropriations for navy-yards,
the following:
" For the purchase of the land known as Edward's estate,
being about six acres, adjoining the navy-yard at Gosport,
Virginia, §9,000, to be expended under the direction of the
Secretary of the Navy, when a valid title shall be given for
the same, and the assentfor the transfer to the United States
obtained from the Legislature of Virginia."
The amendment was agreed to.
I Mr. GWIN. The nextamendment is to insert
after the provision for the pay of the marine corps,
the following:
iC For pay and allowances, as waiting orders, to the offi-
cers of the marine corps who were disbanded under the
Older of the Navy Department of the 18th of August, 1848.
from the period of their disbandment until their restoration
under the act of March 3d, 1849, $8,000 ; and the said offi-
cers shall be considered as having the same rights in regard
to rank, pay, and emoluments, and in all other respects, as
if tliey had not been out of service."
Mr. WALKER. I have an amendment to
offer to that amendment, which I hope the Sen-
ator will accept. It is to add—
And the pay of the watchmen in the various navy-yards
shall hereafter be $500 each per annum, instead of the pay
now received by them: Provided, Their present pay does
not equal oi exceed the sum aforesaid.
Mr. GWIN. There is another amendment to
which that will be much more appropriate.
Mr. WALKER. Then I withdraw my amend-
ment foil the present.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GWIN. The next amendment is to insert
at the end of the first section, the following:
" To enable the Secretary of the Navy to have constructed
and placed in one of the navy-yard5!, the instrument known
as W. H. Linsey's Fluid Meter, $*a,G0O."
Mr. CASS. I object to the amendment, for the
reason that I know nothing at all about it. Let
the Secretary of the Navy put this instrument in
the navy-yards, if he thinks proper. This is
another question of administration, and not of legis-
lation. We shall break down the executive
departments if we go on in this way, and Con-
gress will assume, like the National Convention in
France, to do everything, from buying the small-
est instrument wanted up to the highest function
of Government. If we go on in this way, we shall
be usurping the whole powers of the Government.
It is all wrong.
Mr. MALLORY. I hope the Senator will
withdraw his objection to this amendment. The
constructor of this apparatus is a poor engineer,
who has been for several years engaged upon its
construction, and has produced a work very much
wanted—the want of which has been felt through-
out this country. It has .been examined by a
board, consisting of two captains of the Navy and
Engineer Copeland, who recommended that it
should be putm the New York navy-yard. There-
upon, a former Secretary of the Navy ordered
j it to be put up there. The Secretary soon after
j went out of office, and the succeeding Secretary,
| Mr. Graham, ordered it to be put up, but it has
■ not yet been put up. The engineer is unable to
; put it up without an appropriation. I would state,
' m regard to this invention, that it develops accu-
rately the evaporative power of all kinds of coal.
It tests accurately the work done by every engine
on the longest voyage, and every locomotive on
shore, or any engine in a work-shop. An appa-
ratus of this kind is now employed in England on
many of the railroads; and evidence was adduced
before the Naval Committee, showing that one
English road saved $100,000 last year by its use.
The Naval Committee examined the subject very
thoroughly, and they had no doubt that the in-
terests of the country would be promoted by this
appropriation.
Mr. CASS. I know nothing about the inven-
tion. I do not know but that it may be the great-
est invention of modern times. My objection is
to the principle of legislating for particular inven-
tions and particular men. I shall be willing to
appropriate money to enable the Navy Depart-
ment to use it if it wants it, but first strike out the
name, and let the Secretary obtain the best inven-
tion he can for the purpose. It is wrong to under-
take to legislate for the particular invention of A
or B, without knowing anything at all about it.
I should absolutely betray the confidence of my
constituents, if I were to undertake to vote in this
way on all such questions.
Mr. MALLORY. I ask that the name of the
individual may be stricken out, so as to leave the
Secretary of the Navy to employ the best inven-
tion for the purpose. I have no doubt he will
employ this one, because he has recommended it
very strongly.
Mr. CASS. If the Navy Department want such
an instrument, I am very willing to give them au-
thority to use one, and leave them upon their re-
sponsibility to select the best instrument.
Mr. MALLORY. I am willing to strike out
the name.
Mr. SHIELDS. Even then the amendment is
subject to all the objections which have been urged.
Why do we legislate to compel the Department to
do certain things for which they do not call. In
my opinion, it is wrong. If we load this bill down
with all sorts of propositions, we shall certainly
defeat it.
Mr. MALLORY. This amendment is not to
compel the Secretary of the Navy to erect this
instrument; it only authorizes him to do it if he
thinks proper.
Mr. CASS. Can he not do it now? Why
should we legislate in this way?
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. GWIN. The next amendment is to add:
"Sec.—.  find be it further enacted, That the Secretary
of the Navy be, and he is hereby, authorized and directed to
select a^ite for a navy-yard and naval depot in the Bay of
I San Francisco, m California, or the neighboiing waters,
cither by purchase or by reservation of public land, as the
case may be, and shall cause the same to be burvejed, and
a piat thereof to be recorded m proper form. And when
such selection shall have been made, the said Secretary
shall make such arrangements as may be necessary to es-
tablish a navy-yard and naval deihit, upon the most approved
and economical plan, on the site &o obtained; and cause to
be erected a founder)', machine s*hop, blacksmith shop,
boiler shop, engine hotne, pattern shop, carpenter shop, and
store house.
"Sec. —. J2nd be it further enacted, That the Secretary
of the Navy be, and he is hereby, authorized and directed to
complete the contract with the patentees for the construc-
tion of the basin and railway in the said navy-yard, m pur-
suance of the agreement made with them therefor, and for
the floating dock, underthe act of September 28th, 1850, as
stated m his report to the House of Representatives, dated
January 20, 1851 ; Provided, It can be done for a sum not
exceeding $[$40,000 as agreed upon ; and the sum of §500,000
is hereby appropriated towards and for the purpose of car-
rying into effect this and the preceeding section of this act."
Mr. GWIN. This subject has been fully dis-
cussed before the Senate, and I suppose every one
understands it. The proposition is to establish a
navy-yard, and also a basin and railway, in con-
nection with the floating dock in California. It is
not necessary to go into any further discussion of
the subject.
Mr. CLARKE. With due deference to the
honorable Senator from California, I think this
proposition has not been fully discussed. There
j was a proposition made in the Senate to add an
appropriation of this description to the deficiency
bill, and I believe the subject was also brought up
as a separate bill. A great deal was then said,
and very ingeniously and eloquently said by an
honorable friend of mine; but there was not a very
full discussion.
This proposition is to provide for a navy-yard
and for all the appendages of a navy-yard—every-
thing that can be imagined that should be attached
to a navy-yard—and in addition to*Uhat a basin
and railway in California. I wish my honorable
friends from California to understand that 1 am
not opposed to any reasonable and proper appro-
priation for California, her interests, and her con-
venience; but I am opposed to this manner of
legislation, which at a late hour of the session,
when there is no time to investigate the subject,
comes in to ask for an appropriation which will,
in the end, amount to more than $3,000,000.
As it regards the basin and railway for Cali-
fornia, I have simply to say now, that no doubt
that would be a veiy great improvement in the
Bay of San Francisco; and it may be right and
proper that the Government should construct a
basin and railway there; but we have now on its
way to California a sectional dock, which I believe
is three hundred and fifty feet long; and for which
the Government of the United States contracted to
pay $1610,000. The sectional dock has been pre-
pared and is said to be shipped for California.
The contractors notified the Secretary of the
Navy that they should demand of the Govern-
