1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
15b7
This communication is addressed to the Exec-
utive of the State, and earnestly implores him to
adopt the necessary measures to arrest the prog-
ress of these Indians. The Governor promptly
addressed a communication to the general com-
manding your Federal troops in that State, calling
his attention to this important subject. In this
communication he says:
"hi contingencies like these, a simple but imperative
duty is imposed upon the Executive, to place the State m
the hands of the General Government, and to demand that
aid and protection winch the guarantees of the Federal
Constitution as&ure us we are entitled to receive. If the
General Government is then neglectful of the demand
which we make upou it; it it is unmindful of the duty
which it owes to us, we have one other alternative—to tight
our own battles, to maintain our independence as a sover-
eign but isolated State, und to pioteet ourselves from intes-
tine troubles as well as from the incursions of merciless and
savage enemies."
*******
" 1 deem it my duty to assuio you, that unless prompt
protection is afforded to the citizens of this State by the
General Government, I shall (eel bound to revolt to the
only meausleltme to defend the frontiers, and to conquer a
lasting peace. A resort to these means will inciea-ie the :
debt of the State, and aad to the burden of taxation im-
posed upon our citizens. To dispense with such a neces-
sity, I indulge the earnest hope that you, as a military rep-
resentative of the General Government m California, will
exercise your authority to airest hoi-tilihes, and to secure
to us the blessings ol a'peimanent peace."
Now, Mr. President, there never lias been a
sufficient number of troops in California to protect
her extensive frontier from Indian depredations.
This is known and seriously felt by all who have
any knowledge of that country. General Hitch-
cock, I do not doubt, has every disposition to do
all in his power to extend the necessary protec-
tion to our people, but with the force at his com-
mand, this is utterly impossible. If, as should be
the case, authority was given him to accept vol-
unteers, when called into service by the Executive
of the Slate, the difficulty, to some extern, might
be obviated. But in my judgment the public ne-
cessity demands that some five or six strong
military posts should be established at once.
There should be a strong post at the mouth of the
Gila river, which will have to be kept up for a
series of years;—there is a very large number, of
warriors within a few miles of this point, and as it
is on the emigrant route from the East, depreda-
tions are constantly being committed. This im-
portant post was garrisoned last summer by a
lieutenant and eight men ! I am glad to learn from
a letter received yesterday from the Adjutant Gen-
eral, that a sufficient force has been stationed at
this point.
There should be a smaller force stationed at
•« Cajon Pass "—a military post at or near Tulare
lake, in iMariposa; one near Reading's Ranch, and
two in the North, adjacent to the Oregon line. By
the establishment of these posts, with a sufficient
force to send out detachments whenever public
necessity demanded, and power to accept volun-
teers called out by the Governor, ample protection
could, I think, be given to our people.
The people of California are, it is true, located
in a country far distant from the Federal Govern-
ment; but they stand upon American soil, and are
as much entitled to the protection of the Govern-
ment as if they occupied the center of the Repub-
lic. That they have a right to complain of the
neglect of the'General Government, hitherto, is
undeniable. They have scarcely known you in
any other way than through your tax collectors.
You place your officers at all her ports and exact
a high duty upon the very bread they eat. They
paid, in the shape'of duties, during the past fiscal
year, more than §3,000,000, and yet our harbors
remain undefended, our coast unlighted, our im-
mense commerce unprotected, and.Ymr people left
to the tender mercies of the untamed savages.
Now, I tell you, Mr. President, that if you desire
to preserve the peace and tranquillity of the Union,
if you wish to bind more closely these Slates to-
gether m the bonds of affection and fellowship,
you must take care to extend your protecting
win°"s over every part of it. You must do justice
to all. He who stands upon your frontier settle-
ments and looks upon your glorious flag, must
fee! and know that the protecting arm of the Fed-
eral Government is extended over him; that how- i
ever poor and humble he may be, his peison and I
property shall be defended.
It is not to be expected that a Government too j
weak to defend, or so unmindful of its duty as to :
refuse adequate protection, can command the re- j
spect or affection of its people. Sir, I know the
people of California are devotedly attached to the
Unionj—they have been taught from their infancy
to regard it as the richest legacy ever bequeathed
to any people. They feel that they are under the
highest obligations to transmit unimpaired, unsul-
lied, that magnificent inheritance to their children.
Although far from their native States, and many
of them far from those who are bound to them by
the ties of kindred and affection, still they feel
that they are a part of that glorious Republic
which has stood, for three quarters of a century,
the wonder and admiration of the world. But
when 'they find themselves neglected by the Fed-
eral Government, left to defend themselves against
the meiciless Indians; when they see their com-
merce unprotected, their friends murdered, and
their property destroyed, because of that neglect,
they must be allowed to utter their complaints.
If you intend they shall protect themselves—if you
intend to throw them upon their own resources,
suffer them to avail themselves of all their means,
and my word for it, the work will soon be ac-
complished. Recall your tax collectors, your
horde of Federal officers, and California would
soon take care of herself. But if you tax us; if
you claim our allegiance to the Federal Govern-
ment; if we are to contribute towards its support,
you must protect us There must be a recipro-
city in this matter. That some disaffection exists
amongst the people, growing out of these causes,
is certain; that unless the cause is removed this
will increase is equally certain.
There are at least 75,000 Indians within the
limits of that State, and they nfed but a master
spirit to confederate the tribes and involve the
whole frontier in a bloody and desolating war. I
am notpiepared to say that the commissioners,
who have been so assiduously engaged during the
past two years in feeding these Indians a million,
of dollars' icorlh of beef, have done no good; but
this I will say, that the policy of making reserva-
tions in that State must be entirely abandoned.
The whole military strength of the United States
would be necessary to enforce your Indian laws
upon these reservations. 1 have as much sympa-
thy for the Indian as most men, but all experience
has demonstrated that the two races cannot live
peaceably together. The extermination of the
Indian is inevitable. It is a melancholy reflection,
but it is nevertheless unavoidable. The Indians
of northern California are as wild as the country
which they inhabit; nothing short of omnipotent
power can so change their habits as to convert
them into useful members of society. Extermin-
ation is a mere question of time. In the mean-
while I am willing to do all that can be done, to
alleviate their sufferings or better their condition.
As to inducing these untamable savages to engage
in agriculture, as the Indian Commissioner seems
to anticipate, is to my mind absurd. It never can
be accomplished. It is a loss of time and money
to make the effort to place them upon reservations
in the heart of the settlements; and to expect them
to remain quiet, and respect the rights of then-
white neighbors, is the worst species of folly.
Their condition is in many respects materially
different from that of the Indians on this side of
the Rocky Mountains. A policy which might
succeed here, but must fail there. But the Exec-
utive session is the proper place to discuss this
subject.
Mr. President, I ask permission to read a letter
which I received by the last steamer. It is from
a gentleman of high character, and well acquainted
with this subject. He says:
Sau Frakcisco, California, May M, 1852.
Deae Sir: The complicated state of our Indian affair*
in tin- country, and the unprotected condition or our citi-
zens, have induced me to communicate wilh you for the pur-
no->e of drawing more attention to the subject. A week
a<*o I ealled on General Hitchcock, and uiged on him the
necessity of immediately sending tioops up to the no.th so
as to protect the people in that legion. He spoke very fairly,
and promised to do all that he could, and is now doing
evervthin? m Ins power, but the truth is, his iorces are very
inadequate to the service* required. The country is much
more extensive than generally supposed, and the localities
very imperfectly known. Ofthisyou aie well aware yoin-
sell, and it is very difficult to make people undui &rand it.
There is now htile or no danger to t>e apprehended from
the Indians, except those living in the extreme northern
and southern nottions of the State, while those portions are
almost entaely destitute ofany protection fiom the Geneial
Government. The southern, it is nue,have recently faied
toierablv well, but now that there is a temporary cessation
of hostilities, the troops are mostly to he withdrawn, and
the neonle again lelt to the tender mereies ot the savages.
The north baa never seen a single soldier, except a small
party that came through from Oregon, and the rough treat-
ment they received on the way from the Indians ought to
have been sufficient demonstration of the necessity of es-
tablishing a military post somewhere in that region. Such,
however, has not been the case until now, when about a
huudiod men are to be sent to protect the people of a region
five huudied miles in length by three hundred in breadth,
embiacing the moat mountainous country in the United
States, and tilled with hostile Indians, fattened into good
fighting order by the liberality of the commissioners.
The commanding officer is not to blame for these things,
but the Government at home is, and the utter neglect with
which we have been treated, is fast engendering a feeling
that no good Government should ever afford a cause for.
If we aie to be held only to furnish the people oftheEast-
ein States with gold to save fhem fiom bankruptcy, and
obtain no protection from the Government, why, we must
endeavor to find some w ay to prevent that gold from leav-
ing the State. These sentiments I would dislike very
much to bu compelled to make public, and combated them
warmly m Ihe Legislature, but necessity may force me
to it.
Vou have doubtless seen the correspondence had with
the Governor on these affair's, and undeistand something of
the matter; but the extent ot it can only be fully known by
those living m the evposed districts, Without protection
of any kind, our people have been evpo-ed to the moftvex-
anou's deputations; om friends ami neighbor most inhu-
manly bmcheied ; their piopeity stolen oi destroyed to an
amount unpieccdented, and no effort made on the patt of
the Government to chastise the perpetrate!-. In addition
to this, when the people, driven to madne-s by these re-
peated injuiies, turn out toiedress their own grievances,
they <ue told by the Government officials, that they have
broughtlasting dt-giaee upon the American name," and
these very officiate purchase l.;rge amount's of property from
our peopie under color of their office, and then the Govern-
ment reiuse- to pay the account.
These complaints aie not for tmaginaiy wrongs; they are
stem leahties. It the Indian Commissioners have done
, wiong, why not lccnll them, and punish them for transcend-
i mil then authority ; but do not let the Government commit
j Mich a heinous wiong as to swindle our people out of their
j piopeit>, under colui of official misconduct. Pay the pco-
! p!e tor the property they have furnished the Government m
' goou faith, and punish the offending officers.
Now, we have no earthly use for any Indian department
in this countiy, and the whole thing has arisen out of a
want of knowledge of the Indian chaiactei here, and its ef-
fect- have been, and will continue to be, most pernicious.
Withdraw the whole thtn«, and send us a few more troops,
and it is all that is lefjuired. The treaties are mere farces,
' without any binding lotce or effect, and are worse than use-
less. The Indians know nothing about a treaty^ and the
only way to manage them is- to flog them and tell them to
behave themselves. If this course is pursued, mv word for
it, we will soon be free fiom their depredations. It is all
tomtooleiy to be feeding them, for it only enables them to
be the more mischievous. Be-ides, they do not require it.
None of their means of subsistence is taken from them.
The fish, game, acorns, and grass seed, aie just as much
within their reaclAiow, as ever they were, and they desire
nothing more.
Why is it that the Government should deem it neces-
sary to send an expedition to Japan, to punish injuiies in-
flicted on a lew sailors, while our citizens are murdered by
hundieds at home, and hale or no notice taken ot it? Is it
because eclat will follow the one, while nothing but duty
M-qinre- the other ? This seem* to be the natural conclu-
sion, foi if the imprisonment of some dozen American cit-
izens made it neee—aiy to send a flevt to the other side of
the globe to pumsli the offenders, it would seem to be still
mot e neee-s.uy to chastise those who have murdered hua •
dreds of our people.
I uiu-t airain repeat that we want no Indian bureau—no
Indian communion in this countiy, but we do wanWroops,
and troops adapted to mountain service; and while on the
subject, I will say that we want a full and complete inves-
tigation of the conduct of the commissioners that have
been s*>nt out here, for F am very sure that some of them at
lea-t, have been engaged in business that no Government
officei should ever he concerned in ; not directly butimii-
reitly. under the cloak of other person*.
I will now leave the matter with you for the present,
hoping that something will speedily be done for our benefit.
Write to me at Sacramento City.
I remain, yours truly,
Hon. J. B. Wiclleh.  
In answer to some questions propounded, the
AdjutantGeneraladdressed me thefollowmgletter:
Adjutant Gcneiul's Office, }
Washington, .June 16, 1852. >
Sir: Tn reply to your inquiry of the 14th instant, I re-
spectfully inform vou that the force now stationed in Cali-
fornia, consists of two companies <>f Dra ooit?, three of
Artillery, and the Second Raiment (ten companies) of
Infantry, making m all fifteen companies, and distributed
as follows:
Stations.
Description of compa-
nies.
Post on Cow Creek....
Benicia 
Pre-idioSan Francisco
Monterey Redoubt 
Camp Miller   
Rancho Del Chino 
San Luislley 
San Diego and vicinity
Post at Mouth of Gila.
i I company,2dInft..
, $ 1 company,IstDtag )
^companies,3d Inf. $
1 1 company, 3d Art...
1 company, 3d Art...
; 2 companies, 2d Inft.
; 1 companv, 2d Inft...
,i Detachment 1st Art.
! < 1 company,1st I)iag >
1^1 company, 1st Art. >
i 3 companies, 2d Inft.
Total  
..! 15
43 j 48
215!234
38j 42
45 j 49
73! 81
