2452
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 30,
but against all recommendation of the Navy De-
partment; and I can prove it, if necessary, by the
documents. I am opposed to this proposition,
because I deem that a basin and railway are un-
necessary, at least for the present, in California.
They would require a very heavy expenditure of
money. I am willing, however, to establish a
navy-yard and depot in California^
Mr. GWIN. I was perfectly willing to accept
the suggestion of the Senator from North Carolina
in order to stop debate; but I am afraid we are to
have a debate on the subject now in Committee of
Ihe Whole. But 1 want to have it distinctly un-
derstood, that if this proposition is withdrawn it
will be because gentlemen threaten to talk it
down.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Does my friend under-
stand that I will talk this down ?
Mr. GWIN. I understood both the Senator
from Rhode Island and the Senator from Penn-
sylvania, to say that they intended to discuss the
subject at length.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I do not talk down projects.
I do not wish to be so understood. I am willing
to take the vote now, without any further discus-
sion. I wish to ask for a division of the question,
for I believe there are two sections in this amend-
ment.
The PRESIDENT. Then the first question
will be on the first branch of the amendment,
which provides for a navv-yard and depot in Cal-
ifornia, with various appurtenances.
Mr. JAMES. I have but one word to say
upon this subject. It is with profound regretthat
I find myself compelled to disagree with my col-
league, [Mr. Clarke.] It is true that California
is a far-off State j but, sir, she is a sister State, and
as such is entitled to the care and protection of
this Government. Iam for this measure, and if
an argument is to be gone into, I am prepared to
answer, and shall feel compelled to answer my
colleague.
The question was then taken on the first branch
of the amendment, and it was agreed to.
The question recurred on the second branch of
the amendment.
Mr. WALKER. I wish to say a word or two
to the Senate, for the reason that I aili now going
to take a different course from that which I for-
merly took in regard to this subject. I assisted
formerly in obtaining a modification of the con-
tract which has been alluded to, for the California
dry-dock, basin, and railway. I had my reasons
for it at the time. When that contract was en-
tered into, there had been no experiment of this
class of machinery. No vessel of any large size
had ever been upon any of these docks. Seeing a
notice in a paper last spring, that there was about
to be a test at the Philadelphia dry-dock, I deter-
mined lo go and witness it. I started with the
hope of reaching there in time to see the vessel
upon the dock, and witness the operation. I did
not, however, reach Philadelphia until the vessel
had been taken off. 1 refer to the steamer City of
Pittsburg, which was the vessel with which the
experiment was made. I then examined the
whose apparatus and the dock. I looked into it
as critically as my poor powers would enable me
to do. i examined it in connection with the basin;
I examined the whole in connection with the rail-
ways. I examined the machinery by which the
vessel was taken upon the dock from the railways.
I conversed with the persons at work about the
machinery, who seemed to be intelligent men,
without letting them know that I was a member
of the Senate, in order that I might get the inci-
dental observations of those men, for the purpose
of satisfying myself. They spoke of it as a mat-
ter of course, that the vessel was taken up easily,
safely repaired, transferred from the dry-dock, and
floated into the basin, and transferred from the
dock upon the railways. After looking at it, I
became entirely satisfied in my own mind, that the
machinery was capable of doing so. I had pre-
viously asserted that I did not believe any private
individual would have the temerity of risking his
vessel on one of these docks. I seriously thought
so. I seriously anticipated, that, if a vessel was
attempted to be taken upon that dock from the
railways, she would be turned over, or in some
other manner broken to pieces. The larare steam-
er the City of Pittsburg, had been upon that dock,
and was safely launched, after having been re-
paired. Since that, as the Senator from Califor-
nia has remarked, a seventy-four, with a thousand
tons of ballast in her, has been on one of these
docks, and launched safely, and with great expe-
dition. Under this state of the case, my former
objections having been to the inutility and ineffi-
ciency of the machinery; and having been satis-
fied as to that by practical observation, I am con-
vinced that I was formerly in error, and I take
back all that I have said against this dry-dock,
basin, and railway.
M r. CLARKE. I have not said one word against
the dock, basin, and railway. I have not said
that it was not equal to the operations for which
it is designed; but I have objected to making the
appropriation for it at this time, for California, be-
fore a site is selected for a navy-yard there.
Mr. HUNTER asked for the yeas and nays on
the amendment; and they were ordered, and, be-
ing taken, resulted—yeas 19, nays 25; as follows:
YEAS—Messis. Adams, Badger, Bell, Brooke, DeSaus-
sure, Douglas, Downs, Foot, Gwin, Hamlin, James, Mal-
lory, Morton, Norris, Rusk, Seward, Soule, Walker, and
Wellei—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Bayard, Borland, Bright,
Brodhead, Chase, Clarke, Clemens, Davis,Dawson, Dodge
of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Felcli, Geyer, Houston, Hun-
ter, Mangum, Meriwether, Miller, Pearce, Shields, Spru-
ance, Toucey, Underwood, and Wade—25.
So it was not agreed to.
Mr. GWIN. As the first branch of the amend-
ment has been adopted, and the second branch
has been rejected, it will be necessary to add to
the first branch:
"And for the purpose of carrying this section into effect,
the sum of §100,000 be, and the ■same is hereby, appropii-
ated out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise ap-
propriated."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GWIN. I am instructed by the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs to offer another amendment:
" For the purchase and trei ht to San Francisco of patent
black marine paint, for painting The mteiior of the sections
and end-floats ot' the California dry-dock, $1,500.5>
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GWIN. The next amendment is to insert,
after the one which has just been adopted—
" For superintendence, office-rent, labor, and contingent
expenses connected with the construction of the floating
drv-dock in the Bay of San Francisco, $13,500."
This is according to estimates from the Depart-
ment.
Mr. HUNTER. I understood the honorable
Senator from Rhode Island to say that this dock
had been hired out.
Mr. GWIN. The dock has not yet been put
together. The materials have been packed up and
sent out. The object of this is to have them prop-
erly put together. The Department has sent an
estimate to the Naval Committee for this, and the
intention is to employ an individual of great skill
and experience in these matters to see that the
dock is put together according to contract.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I do not understand this
matter. These contractors have received $610,000
for constructing a floating dock for California.
We have already appropriated J 1,500 to paint the
dock with a particular kind of paint. I made no
! opposition to that. Cut it is now proposed to ap-
' propriate $13,500 for what? To superintend the
putting together of this dock. I understand that
the dock is done by contract; and it does seem to
me that the mere superintendence cannot cost this
amount.
Mr. GWIN. It is necessary for the interest
of the Government to have somebody to see that
the dock is put up properly, otherwise the con-
tractors can do as they please about it. Here is
what the Secretary of the Navy says in relation
to the matter:
<•' As the estimate? of the Department embraced no com-
putation for contingencies connected with thhdock, such
as pay, superintendence, and other incidental expenses, I
would lespecttuily rencomincnd that Congress be asked for
an apuropnation of ^15,000.35
If we have paid $G10,000 to the contractors for
this dock, surely we ought to pay this small sum
for the purpose of having it put properly to-
gether.
Mr. BRODHEAD. But a short time ago I
understood that an officer had been sent to receive
that dock. There are plenty of officers of the
Navy who are unemployed, who could attend to
this. We had a contract transmitted to us the
other day, by which we ascertained that the con-
tractors for this dock were to be permitted to use
it for three years, without any charge upon the
part of the Government. I suppose they would
not be able to use it for three years without put-
ting it together.
Mr. GWIN. We paid $610,000 for construct-
ing the dock and putting it up;, but the object of
this is to get someoody to take care of the interest
of the Government, and see that the contractors
put it up properly.
Mr. BRODHEAD called for the yeas and nays
on the amendment; and they were ordered; and
being taken, resulted—yeas 17, nays 24; as fol-
lows:
YJ5AS—Messrs. Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Tows,
Douglas, Downs, Gwin, Hale, Hamlin, James, Mallory,
Morton, Norris, Pearce, Rusk, Seward, Soul6, Stockton,
and Weller—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Borland, Bright,,
Brodhead, Brooke, Clarke, Clemens, Cooper, Dawson,
De Saussure, Fetch, Foot, Hunter, Mangum, Meriwether,
Miller, Pratt, Smith, Spruance, Toucey, Underwood,
Wade, and Walker—24.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. GWIN. I have another amendment to
offer. It is to insert at the end of the appropri-
ations in the bill—
" For a deficiency in the act making appropriations for
the naval service for the year ending the 30th of June, 1850,.
approved March 3,1849, for paying The unsatisfied demand's
for continuing: the survey of the coast on the Gulf of Mex-
ico, from Appalachieola Bay to the Mississippi, $2,110 62,
to be taken out of the balance of the fund appropriated by
the act of the 3d of March, I84X, but which has been car-
ried to the credit of the surplus fund."
This is for services rendered. The accounts
were presented to the Treasury Department, but
the appropriation had been carried to the surplus
fund, and therefore the demands could notbepaid.
This is merely a reappropriation of the amount,
and is recommended by the Secretary of the Navy.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GWIN. I have another amendment of
the same kind, to come in after the one just
adopted:
" For compensation to Lieutenant Raphael Semmes. for
services in continuing the survey of the coast on the Gulf
of Mexico, from Appalachieola Bay to the Mississippi,
.$1,164 10, to he paid out of the balance of the fund appro-
priated for that purpose by the act of the 3d of Maioh, 1811,
and which has been carried to llie credit of the surplus
fund."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GWIN, I have another amendment to
offer, to insert after the one just adopted:
u For the building or purchase of suitable vessels for pros-
ecuting a suivey and reconnoissance, for naval and com-
mercial purpose?, of such parts of Behrinc's Straits, of the
North Pacific ocean, and of the China seas, as are fre-
quented by Arneiican whale-ships, and by tiadwi* vessels,
iuth(jii routes between the United States and China, under
the direction of the Secretary of the IVavy, the sum of
$125,000: Provided, That the expense of purchasing, or
building, and equipping, (with the excepuon of the arma-
ment,) and fitting out these vessels shall not exceed the
sum hereby appropriated."
This proposition was fully discussed before, and
I suppose'there will be no opposition to it.
Mr. BORLAND.^ I ask for the yeas and nays
upon the amendment.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. HUNTER. I rise to say that I am in
favor of this as a separate measure, but I do not
wish to attach all these propositions to the Navy
appropriation bill. I am afraid that we shall lose
the bill if we attach so many amendments to it.
Mr. HALE. I want to inquire of the mover
of this amendment, if this survey looks to the an-
nexation of China. [Laughter,]
Mr. GWIN. Wot that I know of.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GWIN. The next amendment I have to
offer, is to add as an additional section—
"Sec. —. Jlnil be if, further enacted, That the President
of the United States be authorized to increase the number of
marines now authorized by Jaw, by the enlistment of forty
sergeants, fnt ty eoiporals, twenty drunimeis, twenty filers,
and five hundred piivates; and that the sum of #50^000 be,
and the same is heieby oppiopnatctf, to be nrhlcd to the
appropriation for the Paymaster's Department of the marine
corps, for the payment of the above men at the same rates
now authonzed bv law; and al«o that the sum of £10,0(30
be further appropriated tor the Quartermasters Department
of the marine corps foi rations, clothing, fuel, transportation,
and lecruiting for the above-named men."
This is recommended by the Secretary of the
Navy. He has sent a letter to the Naval Com-
mittee, stating that this increase is indispensable
to give efficiency to the marine corps.
Mr. HUNTER. It seems to me to beimproper
to put the whole legislation for the Navy upon
this appropriation bill. Here is a scheme to in-
crease the marine corps largely, and it is to be
