185*2.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2453
put upon this bill when we have no opportunity
to discuss it. These are measures which ought to
be matured by the Committee on Naval Affairs,
and brought in as separate bills, and not put upon
the appropriation bills in this way. I do not know |
where this sort of legislation is to end. Not only ;
that, but it will be seen that the Departments are '
sending to the Naval Committee estimates which |
they never submitted to the Finance Committee in
relation to the legitimate purposes of the general
appropriation bills. There are estimates, it seems,
for the reappropriation of amounts which have [
been carried to the surplus fund, which ought cer-j
tainly to have been sent to the Finance Commit- j
tee. That committee ought to have some informa-1
tion in relation to these matters. !
Mr. HALE. A proposition is brought in now i
at this late hour of the session to increase the ma- ;
ritie corps five hundred men 
Mr. GWiiS". Rather than have a discussion I
withdraw the amendment.
The next amendment 1 have to offer is to add:
C{ Sue. — JZmZ be it fu.rthr.r enacted, That thp M>di on)
corpsofthe ftavy be increased by the appointment of eight
surgeons and ten assistant surgons,in addition to thenuni-
bei now auihorized by law, who shall bo appointed in the
same manner, and be subject to the same regulations,
Uiose now m seivice."
Mr. HUNTER. That is subject to the same
objection.
Mr. GWIN. Very well. I withdraw it.
I have another amendment to offer, to which
the Senator from Wisconsin may properly attach
his amendment. The amendment is—
" Pro. —. JJnd be it further enacted, That the percentage
allowed by law to the clerk* employed m the executive
and legislative departments at Washington be,and i> hereby,
allowed to tiie clerks employed at the iiavy-yard in the city
of Washington."
All I have to say is, that there are five of these
clerks, and the highest salary of any of them is
^900. Thesalary of the clerks in the Departments
hive been increased, and I think these clerks
ought to be increased.
Mr. WALKER. I offer an amendment to the
amendment. It is to acid to it—
And the pay of the watchmen m the various navy-yards
shall hereaUei be £.->00 each per annum, instead of the pay
now received by "them: Provided, Theii present pay does
not equal or exceed the sum aforesaid.
The amendmentto theamendment was rejected.
Mr. MORTON. I would suggest to the Sena-
tor from California to amend his amendment to
add after the word "navy-yard" the words "and
marine barracks."
JVfr. GWIN. 1 accept it.
Mr. RUSK. I have an amendment to propose
to the amendment, which is, perhaps, not appro-
priate to this bill, but it has as much merit in it as
any increase of compensation that has been made
during this session. The clerks in the city post
office receive salaries of from §800 to $1,000 a
year. There are, perhaps, no employees of the
Government who have labore#so faithfully. They
have to pack up hundreds and thousands of docu-
ments and send them off. They are laboring night
and day. I would therefore suggest that they be
included so as to have the amendment extend to
the clerks in the navy-yard, the marine barracks,
and the city post office.
Mr. GWIN. I accept that.
The amendment as modified was agreed to.
Mr. GWIN. I have one other amendment to
offer by direction of the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs:
u gKCl —, Jlnd be it further enacted, That the proper ac-
counting offieeis ot the Tieasury be, and they are lierebj,
directed"to credit the medical officers of the Navy, who, by
order of the Department, served with a detachment of ma-
rines in Mexico, during the late war with that Republic, in
addition to the pay to which they are entitled as medical
officers of the Navy, respectively, the same allowance for
rations and forage, in proportion to the time they so served, ,
as are allowed to officers of the Army of similar standing."
Mr. HUNTER. It seems to me that this is a
private claim. !i
The PRESIDENT. The Chair cannot con- j
sider it as strictly a private claim. It is to put
these officers on the same footing with others. ]
Mr. HOUSTON. I move to amend the amend- !
ment of the Senator from California, by adding: >
Provided, That the pay and medical officers of the Navy I
shall have the same assimilated rank as is now enjoyed by t
tlie pay and medical officers of the Army. [
Mr. HUNTER. It seems to me that this is ,
inappropriate legislation upon this bill,and at this 1
time. It seems to me that this is a matter which d
should be brought forward in a distinct and sepa-
rate bill. It is time that we were through with
this bill, and proceeding to the consideration of
other subjects.
Mr. GWIN. I accept the amendment of the
Senator from Texas.
Mr. FISH. I wish to say, with regard to the
amendment first offered by the chairman of the
Committee on Naval Affairs, that it is a subject
which was determined early in the session by that
committee. There were three of these medical
officers of the Navy, who, by order of the War
Department, were directed to join the Army in its
progress from Vera Cruz, to the city of Mexico.
The naval pay bill provides a sum in gross for the
payment of the medical officers. Having been
sent upon shore, they were under the necessity of
having horses, and being subject to all the ex-
penses of field service, the same as the medical
officers of the Army; and that pay was allowed
them while serving with the Army; but on the
transfer of their accounts from the Army to the
Navy Department, they stand charged with those
expenses which are not allowed under the naval
pay bill. It seemed to the committee to be proper,
inasmuch as these expenses were necessarily in-
curred by order of tiie Department, that they
should be allowed and paid.
Mr. HUNTER. How are we to manage these
matters on a conference with the House? We are
multiplying subjects of difference between the two
Houses so fast, that it will be impossible to settle
the question unless we recede from all our amend-
tnents.
Mr. BADGER. I will inform my friend from
Virginia how we can manage it; we must do as
well as we can.
Mr. MILLER. Is the question upon the
amendment proposed by the Senator from Texas?
The PRESIDENT. That amendment has been
accepted by the mover of the original amendment,
and it all becomos one proposition.
Mr. MILLER. Then ( object to the amend-
ment of the Senator from Texas. It undertakes
to reach the question of the assimilated rank of
surgeons in the Navy, which is a most important
question, and which has been investigated by a
board. I have understood that, according to that
investigation, it has been found to be impracticable
to assimilate the rank of surgeons of the Navy
with surgeons of the Army. There is great diffi-
culty about the matter, and I understand it to be
the opinion of the officers appointed to investigate
the matter that it is impossible. At all events tins
amendment undertakes to fix the rank of an im-
portant part of the service of the country upon an
appropriation bill, which I think is not correct in
principle.
Mr. MALLORY. The question of assimilated
rank in the Navy is one exceedingly perplexing.
It is a question which affects not only medical offi-
cers, but those officers who may perhaps be termed
the staff corps of the Navy generally—pursers
and others. This matter has been under the con-
sideration of the Naval Committee, and they in-
tend, by a bill which they have under considera-
tion, and which they propose to report at the next
session of Congress, to meet all these difficulties,
and place the rank of these officers on a proper
basis. We ought not to legislate for one cvrps of
the Navy, without legislating for all at the same
time. Pursers in the Navy stand in precisely the
same position to the rest of the officers as do sur-
geons. Neither of them have any rank proper
on board any ship; but they take that rank which
the commander of the ship chooses to assign them.
Mr. HOUSTON. That was the very reason
I why the proviso was introduced, that they should
: have rank independent of the volition of the com-
manding officer—that they should not be subject
to his caprices and whims, but that their rank and
; position should be defined explicitly bylaw. This
1 is the.reason why I introduced the proviso, that
I they should take rank in ail matters of ceremony
or authority, so that they may know precisely
what their situation is, and that it may not be de-
pendent upon the will of the officer who, for the
time being, commands them. These officers have
had no rank heretofore, and it has given rise to
heart-burnings and discontents. The officers of
the line, or m the naval service proper, are dis-
posed not to accord to the staff officers any high
rank. It is all regulated by chance and by favor-
itism. This matter has been settled in the Army,
and is well understood and defined there; and I
propose, for the harmony and benefit of the ser-
vice, that it shall be settled in regard to the naval
officers the same as in regard to the military offi-
cers of the United States. It is an evil so easily
remedied, that I do not see why the Committee
on Naval Affairs should take so long about it as
my friend from Florida suggests, and therefore I
hope the Senate will now adopt the proviso.
Mr. MALLORY. I would very cheerfully
vote for any measure which would attain this end;
but if this proposition is to give staff ofncersof the
Navy any command, under any circumstances,
were an officer of the line as low down as a mid-
shipman is on board the vessel to command it, I
cannot consent to it. All that these staff officers
ask, is assimilated rank in matters of ceremony,
and perhaps on courts-martial. Tiiey do not ask
any command. All they want is to have a proper
rank, so that they may have proper quarters
assigned and ceremonies observed m the line of
their duty, which can always be known and under-
stood. If we provide assimilated rank for one
branch of the staff-corps, we should provide for
them all. We should take in engineers, pursers,
chaplains, and every person oil board whose com-
fort and convenience may be consulted by the
arrangement of quarters and attentions on board.
There is some difficulty in arranging this matter
of assimilated rank. I am in favor of providing
for it, but I wish to include all, and to make pro-
vision for all, at the same time.
Mr. MILLER. I have been in favor of giving
surgeons in the Navy a proper rank, and they
ought to have it; but I am opposed to doing it in
this way, by an amendment to this bill; and I
think it will turn out that if this proviso passes, it
will, instead of assimilating rank and producing
order, create confusion m the Navy. The matter
ought to be brought up properly by the Committee
on Naval Affairs, after examining the whole sub-
ject, so thatwecan understand what wearedoing.
Mr. PRATT. This is a subject which is not
new to the Senate. All are aware that for several
years past, memorials have been presented to the
Senate, requesting that these officers of the Navy
should have the same assimilated rank as the
same class of officers have in the Army. Last
year a medical convention, consisting of repre-
sentatives of the highest ability of that class of
our fellow-citizens from every State of this Union,
assembled in the city of Baltimore. They sent a
united memorial to the Congress of the United
States, asking that their medical brethren attached
to the Navy, should not be degraded by having
' a different rank from their brethren in the Army.
During the present year, a similar convention
assembled at Richmond, Virginia, and they have
sent a similar memorial. These gentlemen uie
collected from every section of the United States,
and the supposed injustice which is done to the
medical officers of the Navy, is creating a great
1 deal of unpleasant feeling among that whole class
! of people throughout the United States.
| For one, I cannot see why a surgeon in the
i Navy should not have the same assimilated rank
! in the Navy, which a surgeon in the Army has in
| the Army. Nor can I see why a purser in the
i Navy should not have the same lank a.sapay-
I master in the Army has.
I If I understood the honorable Senator from
Florida, he states that some difficulty may ffrow
[ out of this—that, it requires time to digest a plan—
I that amedical officer or a purser should not,under
I any circumstances, have command of a vessel.
Now, I asseverate that this amendment does r-ot
give it to them. It gives the same assimilated rank
which the same class of officers have m the Army.
A second lieutenant in the Army might haveeom-
; mand of a detachment, and if there weren suigron
' along, with the rank of major, be would be su'o-
i ordinate to this inferior officer of the regular arm
of the service.
j The amendment is only to  'r. e the panic assira-
i ilated rank to this description of officers in the
i Navy which the same description of office's hold
in the Armv, and consequently the very dimeuity
i which the Senator from Florida supposes to exist
is precluded by the terms of the amendment. I
; hope the amendment will be adopted. The n.ies-
tion has been before the Senate very fre.';iu.l''Jy.
It is producing u grant deal of excitement, winch
we ought to get rid of at once. It is just io hiet-e
gentlemen that they should have this rank, and
