1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
677
fund from the Of in eminent, for their private use? |
If that is to be the effect of the bill, it seems to me j
that it deserves some further consideration than it j
has yet received. \
Mr. IfCNTKR. The design of the bili was to !
pay to California $300,000, which would, of course,
come out of tlus civil fund which was raised. .
There was some division of opinion in relation to
that, but on two occasions the committee agreed j
to repoit that sum. The State of California ,
claimed ;lie whole of the civil fund, which amounts j
toneaiiy ^1,300,000. The committee did not agree ■
to give the State of California the whole, but
agreed to give her $300,000 in lieu of the outfit
which is usually given to theTerritories before they
are received as States. Public buildings are gen-
erally elected, and other things are done, which
may be called an outfit In lieu of that outfit,
and as California thought she had a right to this i
\ cry large amount, a majority of the committee
supposed it was fair and right to give her these ,
$300,000. :
In relation to the other remark of the Senator '
from Ohio, 1 would say, there are suits which
have been threatened, and 1 think some are pend-
mg; but the committee did not suppose there was j
much danger that judgment would go against the
United .States in these suits. But if judgment !
should go against the United States, of course the
money would have to be refunded. ;
Mr. BADGER. I desire to ask a little further •
explanation oil this subject from my friend from I
Virginia. I understand from the Senator that the t
State of California claimed the sum of $1,300,000.
Mr. HUNTER. Nearly that. ;
Mr. BADGER. That is the sum in round \
numbers The claim is either well founded or ill
founded. Eut I understand that the committee '
neither reject the claim, nor do they allow the claim;
but they say they will give the State of California :
the sum of <5300,000. What I wanttoknow is this: j
have the committee ascertained that the $300,000,
which they propose allowing to the State of Califor-
nia, is really due to that State; and that the residue
of the amount claimed is not due to her? Or have
the committee had any difficulty in ascertaining 1
what particular or precise sum is due to her, and
have assumed $300,000 as an approximation? Or
is the §300,000 proposed to be given merely be-
cause she claims $1,300,000? If that is the ground
for granting this amount, then it would be a very
convemt . V.ii >g for my State to bring forward a
very large claim.
Mr. HUNTER. I thought I had stated before
that the committee were of opinion that the State
of California was not entitled to this fund.
Mr. BADGER. Any part of it ?
Mr. HUNTER. Not to any part of it. This
§300,000 was proposed to be given by a majority
of the committee as a gratuity. Doubtless they
were disposed to be more liberal in measuring the
gratuity from the fact that the State of California
did think it was wrong to withhold from her the
civil fund. She claimed the whole amount. But
the committee put the appropriation upon the
ground that the United States lias usually given
some outfit to the Territories before they have been
brought in as States, and that it was much dearer
to put rp public buildings in California than else-
where; and I think the majority of the committee,
who fixed the amount at $300,000, thought they
ou^lit to provide something in the proportion of
four to one. I think some estimate at least was
made 1,1 relation to that matter. It is due to my-
self, perhaps, to say that, ill relation to that pro-
vision, I did not think California was entitled to
it. Bu: the committee have twice so decided,and
1 have acquiesced. 1 have given up as to that
point, and the Senator from California has with-
drawn his objections ill order to enable this bill to
pass, though he thinks his State is entitled to the
whole of the civil fund. Under these circumstances,
it seems to n:e it would be better that this bill
should pass m it* present form.
Mr. (JHASE. I do not understand my friend,
the chairman of the Committee on Finance, as
answering the question I put to hull in regard to
a poriioiTof the fourth section. The fourth sec-
tion, if I understand it, provides for the payment
of the expenses of the convention which framed
the constitution of California; and I am not aware
of any other expenses incurred by that State pre-
paratory to its admission into the Union._ If there
are any other expenses which this sum of $300,000
is to pay for, and if that is a proper sum to meet
those expenses, 1 should be one of the last men
in the world to object to it.
Mr. HUNTER. There is another provision
in the bill, that the expenses of the government
de facto, between the time of the promulgation of the
treaty of peace and the establishment of the State
constitution, should be paid. The expenses of
the State convention were paid by General Riley
out of this civil fund. The money has already
been paid; and I believe it was paid (although I
do not speak with certainty of that fact) undei
the order of the Executive. But, m addition to
the expenses of the convention, there was a gov-
ernment de facto; there was a judiciary, ill order to
preserve the peace and order of society; and, as I
said before, the question in regard to the expenses
of the government de facto was a difficult one. But
it seemed to us, that the only way of solving the
difficulty was to recognize the existence of the
gov eminent de facto, and to pay all its expenses,
so far as they were confined to the object of the
preservation of the peace and order of society in
California. I believe it will be found that, con-
sidering the difficulties which arose out of the an-
omalous state of things which certainly existed
in California, that assumption of the principle is
the only supposition which would enable us to
solve the difficulty satisfactorily. It may require
us to pay more money than we should have had
to pay if there had been a regular government
there. i
The committee had a great deal of difficulty with j
this subject, from the fact that there was no means
of ascei tabling with precise accuracy what was
due, or what ought to have been paid. They have '
therefore left it to the discretion of the President,
in the settlement of these accounts, to admit such
vouchers as are proper, and such charges as he
might think come within the legitimate sphere of j
the government de facto. But these expenses are j
provided for in a different section of the bill. This |
sum of $300,000 covers nothing of that. It is, as i
X said before, a gratuity—an outfit, as the Senator j
from Maryland called it—to the State of California, j
Mr. BORLAND. I am in favor of the passage j
of this bill; but I wish to call the attention of the I
Senator from California to one point. I under- i
stood from the remarks of the Senator from Vir- |
ginia that this bill, in its present shape, was a sort t
of compromise between the United States and the j
State of California of certain matters in dispute. <
I understand from him that the Senator from Cal- 1
iforma is willing to withdraw his objections, as the
representative of California, for the present; and
that the Committee on Finance, representing the
United States as the other party, are willing to ]
allow $300,000 to California. Well, if it be a !
compromise—if the United States are to make a
positive grant of $300,000 to California—I think it j
would be but fair for the Senator from California,
on the part of that State, to withdraw all further
claim, and let the compromise be the final settle-
ment of the account.
Mr. CtWIN. I was opposed to the last section
of the bill, because it did not give us the whole of
the cnil fund, and I intended to contest its passage ■
before the Senate. But I have given up my in-
tention to do so, to have these accounts settled.
1 give notice to the Senate, however, that I intend
hereafter to urge the payment of the whole of this
civil fund to California. But the other pro\isious
of this bill are highly important. These accounts
are unsettled. Here is the sum of over $1,200,000
of this civil fund unaccounted for. It is absolutely
necessary that this bill should pass in order to
settle the accounts of the officers who collected it;
and I am told that some of the money is perhaps
1 in jeopardy. I want these accounts to be settled;
; and to accomplish that purpose, I have withdrawn
my opposition to the bill. 1 was the only member of
the Committee on Finance who was opposed to
reporting it in its present form; and I have with-
drawn my opposition for the present for the pur-
pose of having these accounts settled. The other
question is before the Committee on Finance,
and will be brought up hereafter; and I give notice
that 1 will contend for the whole of tins civil fund
as belonging in right and justice to California, and
will not give up the contest until we get it.
Mr. BORLAND. When a proposition was
1 formerly before the Senate, granting or conceding
! the amount of $300,000 to the State of California,
| I and a good many others were opposed to it; but
as I think the passage of this bill is very import-
ant, not only to the Government, but to the officers
whose accounts ure to be settled, I am willing to
make this concession of $300,000. But I must
say, that if the grant of $300,000 was before the
Senate as a separate proposition, I should vote
against it. I shall, therefore, hold myself in readi-
1 ness to make what opposition I can to the propo-
sition which the Senator from California has given
notice he shall insist upon hereafter. I think it
will be well for others, who take the same view of
the subject, to be prepared to meet the claim when
j it comes up; and I will give my vote now, as the
Senator from California does, under protest, with
regard to these $300,000.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed for a
tliiid reading, and it was subsequently read a third
time and passed.
messace from the president.
A message was received from the President of
; the United States, transmitting, in compliance with
| the law of the 11th of Augusl, J848, the copy of
| a dispatch from the Commissioner, ad interim. of
the United States at Canton, together with the
1 copy of certain rules and regulations for masters,
1 officers, and seamen of vessels of the United States
at the free ports of China, which accompanied
said dispatch, and which are submitted for the re-
vision of Congress; which were read, and ordered
to be laid on the table and printed.
assignability of land warrants.
; ■ A message, from the House of Representatives,
was received by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announ-
cing that it insists on its amendment to the bill to
make land warrants assignable, disagreed to by
| the Senate, and asking a conference oil the disa-
greeing votes of the two Houses, and stating that
it had appointed managers at the same on its part,
viz: lUr. (i r.o. W. .1 ovr/;, Mr. Gr.otir;!, Rrigos,
i and Mr. William H. Bissei.i,.
I The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives to the bill
last mentioned, insisted on by that House, and it
was
Resolved, That the Senate insist on its disagreement to the
said amendment and agree to the conference asked by the
, t! oiw. of Representative^ on the disagreeing votes of tlic
! two Houses.
Ordered, Thar tlio committee of conleieiice, oh the part
! of tiie Senate, consist of three members, to be appointed
bv the President ot the Senate.
: And Mr. Shields, Mr. Smith, and Mr. Felch,
' were appointed accordingly. .
; petitions, etc.
Mr. PRATT presented the memorial of ship-
owners, merchants, and others, of Baltimore, pray-
ing that further aid may be extended to Collins's
line of steam-ships; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. SUMNER presented the memorial of ship-
owners, merchants, and others, of Salem, Massa-
chusetts, praying that further aid may be extended
to Colhos's lineof steam-ships; which was referred
to the Committee oil Naval Affairs.
Mr. FISH presented the memorial of ship-own-
ers, merchants, and others, of New York, praying
■ that further aid may be extended to Collins's line
of steam-ships; whicn was referred to the Commit-
tee on Nyvnl Affairs.
Also, the memorial of Alexander J. Atoclia,
praying satisfaction for damages m consequence
of having been expelled from Mexico, and his
claim having been improperly rejected by the late
Board of Commissioners; which was referred to
the select committee appointed on the subject.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, presented the proceed-
ings of a meeting of citizens of Iowa, held at Israel
Tnimbo's, in Bremer county, recommending the
establishment of a land office at Cedar Falls;
which were referred to the Committee on Public
Roads. -,ii
Also, the proceedings of a railroad meeting held
at (iuasquetot), Iowa,m favor of the'construction
of the Dubuque and North Red River Railroad;
I which were referred to the Committee oil Terri-
I lories. ,
! Mr. STOCKTON [iiesented the memorial of
' John Duff, for himself and his late partner, Joseph
Guilder, jr., praying that a suit brought against
him bv the United States for an alleged violation
of a contract to furnish stone for the dry dock at
Brooklyn, may be discontinued; which was re-
: ferret! to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
