1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
I5b9
Commissioner of the Public Lands should have S
given a letter promising a construction upon a bill !
directly contrary to the language expressly con-
tained in the bill. If, then, you make this amend- j
ment, in order to avoid the introduction of a new j
feature for allowing credit upon land sales, your j
bill will have to go back to the House of Repre- j
sentatives; and if it goes back at all, you may as t
well make the other amendments also. The only i(
recommendation which the Commissioner gives for | i
allowing the bill to remain as it is, is, that in his j|
opinion, the amendments are unnecessary, and j|
that the bill will be construed in the same manner jj
either with or without them. But the committee, n
through abundance of caution, thought it proper j!
to make the amendments, so as to leave no doubt \
about the matter. I am a member of that com-
mittee, and I do not feel willing, in the absence of
the chairman of that committee, who concurred
with me with regard to the propriety of making
these amendments, to dispense with them upon the
recommendation contained in the letter which has
been read, particularly when it is silent with regard
to this second amendment, 1 hope, therefore, that
my friend from Arkansas will allow the bill to lie
over, or the amendments to be adopted a? they
are. If we concur in the amendments, I have no
doubt it will facilitate the passage of the bill, and
that, therefore, we had better adopt them.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I have but a very few
words to say in answer to the objections of the
Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Underwood.]
I find that he has seen the very letter from the
Land Office tb which I have referred, and, never-
theless, he has insisted on the adoption of the
amendment to which he has alluded. He insists
that this is a new feature in the preemption sys-
tem. It conforms precisely to the terms of the
act of 1841, which authorizes the preemptor to
enter within twelve months, or sooner if the sales
come on, before the expiration of that time. I have
obtained the authority of the Commissioner of the
Land Office, for stating that the legal effect in both
cases is precisely the same. Such is the purport
of the first letter, and yet the Senator is not satis-
fied that the bill will not produce the evils he fears,
although we have the guarantee of the head of
that office, an official declaration, that the bill
will be <•■""> construed as to preserve the same fea-
tures as in the old preemption system of 1841—
the sole difference is, that it will be made appli-
cable to a new class of lands not heretofore sub-
jected to the preemption system. It has probably
escaped the notic? of the Senator, that by this bill
the entry and payment of money must occur at
the same time, and that the delay of twelve months
does not extend a credit on the entrance money,no
more than a similar indulgence which was ex-
tended to the settler by the law of 1841. If this
attempt to obtain perfect legal and verbal accuracy
with regard to mere technical points ware to be
constantly insisted on, we should be kept here
until the whole of the Calendar would fall through
at the end of the session for want of time to act i
upon it. „ . !
1 have endeavored to present the bill in such a j
shape as to embrace all the views of the Senator ]
from Kentucky, [Mr. Underwood,] and yet he j
stands out on 'a difference between the Coinmis- i
sioner of the Land Office and the chairman of the :
Committee on Public Lands. What are likely to !
be the consequences > If we pass the bill as it is, j
it will effect the objects the Senator has in view; <
but if we tack on to it these amendments, which '
do not alter its legal effect, it- must go back to the j!
House of Representatives, and be exposed to the ;j
chances of loss from want of time. I must, there- ji
fore, urge that, in a matter of such slight import- |!
ance as this is, cave to those to whom it secures j!
a home, the time of the Senate shall not be any ||
longer consumed; and 1 hope that the amendments jj
will be disagreed to, and that the bill will be passed ||
in its original shape. jj
Mr.UNDERWOOD. Ideally think it a strange j;
thing, on the part of my friend from Arkansas, jj
when he says he has not the letter to which |j
s.he «ne which has been read to-day refers, and ||
xrhen he tells the Senate that the Commissioner ■;
will be governed by a construction put upon the l!
bill by the chairman of the Committee on Public jj
Lands  5!
Mr. SEBASTIAN. If the Senator will allow ,,
me, I will state, that the letter was satisfactory to j;
the chait man of the Committee on Public Lands,
and I supposed it was so to the other members of
the committee.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I have no recollection
that the bill has come up before the committee for
consideration since we agreed upon these amend-
ments. If it has been considered in that commit-
tee, in connection with that letter, it has escaped
my recollection; and, really, I am not willing to
be governed by my friend's recollection of a letter
which has not been submitted to me, and which
has not been submitted to the Senate, and of the
contents of which we cannot well decide, when,
as I think, a new principle is to be introduced, as
the bill now stands, and one that has not been
sanctioned heretofore; for the expression is, if the
payment is made " within a year after the passage
of this act, or prior to the day fixed for the pub-
lic sale." If the payments are made prior to the
day of sales, it is sufficient, and not to extend to
a payment within a year. Jt is a principle which
the committee could not sanction. I hope the
amendments will be adopted. All that the Com-
missioner says is, that it will not alter the con-
struction of the lav/. Then it will not do any
harm to adopt the amendments. But that which
I object to mainly is the thing about which the
Commissioner is entirely silent. 1 consider it my
duty to make this opposition to the passage of the
bill without the amendments proposed, being a
member of the committee which proposed them. I
think the amendments should bemade, and I have
no doubt that the House of Representatives will
concur in them.
Mr. BORLAND. I wish to say one word.
I was not present at the meeting of the Committee
on Public Lands when this subject was last before
the committee;but the bill as it has been read, and
the proposed amendments seem to me to present
the subject before the Senate in a light so clear
and plain, that there can be no misunderstanding
of the merits of the question. The proposition is
a single and a simple one. It is merely to place
the remaining military reservations m the State of
Arkansas which are not now claimed by those to
whom the military warrants were issued, back m
the same condition as the other public lands are,
and to subject them to precisely the same con-
ditions as regards the preemption laws which now
exist with regard to other lands. That is the sum
and substance of it, and there is no new arrange-
ment whatever proposed. Can anybody hesitate
as to the propriety of doing this ; In order to
satisfy the land warrants m the war of 181:2, cer-
tain lands in the State of Arkansas were set aside
to be located by these warrants. All these war-
rants, so far as can be ascertained, have been sat-
isfied, and now there is a parcel of public lands m
that State withheld from settlement and sale, for
no public purpose whatever; and this bill is simply
to restore these lands, which are not now necessary
for the purpose for which they were originally re-
served/to the same condition as other public lands.
The question is no more nor less than that. The
Senator from Kentucky is certainly wrong, in my
opinion, in saying that this is the introduction of
a new principle, and the establishment of a credit
system in the sale of public lands. I am nure he
has failed to look at the bill, or he would .-ee that
the credit extends no further than the credit to all
preomptioners now extends. Any man can go
upon the public lands and settle down under the
last preemption law, and is not required to make
his payment until the lands are to be sold.
It also requires that those who have preemption
claims, shall come forward, make proof, and pay
up before sale. It effects nothing more. It com-
pletes the conditions on which the precmptors
shall obtain possession, and places the land pre-
cisely on the same footing as all other public lands.
No advantage is given to parties who rnnyhave
settled on them, greater than they would have
acquired by settling on other Sands. They have
lain so long in the market that many persons have
settled on them inadvertently, and m some cases
the Land Office has been at a loss to ascertain
whether they were reserved or not, and have issued
patents erroneously; the bill is to allow the Laud
Office in such cases 10 confirm the sale just as in
other cases. The only real difference, therefore,
between this bill and others of a similar character,
is, that it affects a class of lauds quitp distinct from
those usually offered at public sale.
It is important that the bill should pass without
these amendments; for, as my colleague has ob-
served, at this late period of the session, when
both the Calendars are very heavily loaded, and.
when it is almost impossible to get up any bill for
consideration, if we adopt the amendments the
chances are that the bill will be lost for want of
time m the House of Representatives. It is almost
certain that such will be the case; and thus a!/
measure of some public importance, both as re-
gards the interests of the United States and the
interests of citizens, not intended for the special
benefit of individuals, nor for the purpose of
taking a single dollar from the Treasury, but, in
reality, giving the means of obtaining a revenue
from lands which would otherwise lie a dead
weight, will be delayed and thrown over until
next session. The passage of the bill as it came
up from the other House will obviate all these
evils. Before this bill came up to the Senate, a
bill of similar character was reported from the
Committee on Public Lands, but its friendsthought
it would be better to abandon it, and accept this
bill, which had aheady received the sanction of the
other branch of the National Legislature. So far
aeit« substantial provisions are concerned, it seems
to me that they can scarcely become the subject of
discussion now, the bill having been referred to
the Committee on Public Lands, and reported back
favorably by them.
ji Mr. SEBASTIAN. I have come to an under-
standing with the Senator from*Kentucky, and I
will not ask that the bill be acted upon now. I
will therefore move that the further consideration
! of the bdl be postponed until Monday.
The motion was agreed to.
CASE OF HANNAH THOMPSON.
Mr. HAMLIN. I desire that certain papers
relating to the case of Hannah Thompson, who
prays for a pension, shall be recommitted to the
Committee on Pensions. I have had a conference
with the Senator from Vermont, [Mr, Foot,]
who made an adverse report a few days since in
this case, and at his request I ask that the papers
may be recommitted to that committee, as some
new facts and additional papers are to be pre-
sented.
The motion was agreed to.
MEXICAN BOUNDARY COMMISSION.
Mr. WELLER. I desire to submit the fol-
lowing resolution, and ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate that it may be considered at the
present time:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be directed
to infoim the Senate whtthfr any Mrps have been taken
by Ins Department to investigate the ehaiges preferred
by Ooloiiet McCIemmn itpainst the commissioner appointed
to run and mark the boundary line between the United
Sutev ami Mexico ; and if so, to make a report thereof to
the Senate.
It will be recollected that some time since, a
resolution was introduced by me, calling for a
copy of the charges against the boundary com-
missioner made by Colonel McClennan. The
Secretary of the Interior feas sent in a communi-
cation, from which we cannot tell whether these
charges have been investigated or not. I merely
wish to know whether these charges have been
investigated; and if so, what was the information
obtained by the investigation.
Unanimous consent being given, the resolution
was considered and agreed to.
PUNISHMENT OF CRIME.
On motion, it was
Ordered, That a message be sent to the House of Repre-
sentative, requesting the return of the bill to amend an act
entitled -'An act for the punishment of crimes in the Dis-
trict ofColumbia."
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. MALLORY. I desire to take up a bill
which i am sure will riot give rise to any debate:
if it does I will consent that it shall he over. It
is a bill of the justice of which I am perfectly sat-
isfied from a personal knowledge of the facts in
the case, and one in regard to which the commit-
tee has made a decidedly favorable report. It is
a bill reported from the Committee on Claims, for
l the i-elief of Richard Fitzpalrick.
|J Mr. DAVIS. It seems to me there is scarcely
a Mitucie-nt number of Senators present to legislate
ui-o.s topics of that character; I therefore move
that the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. BRADBURY. I hope the Senator from.
Massachusetts will withdraw that motion, to allow
me to move to proceed to the consideration pfEx-
