678
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 5,
Also, a memorial of citizens of Philadelphia,
praying a modification of the bounty land law;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Also, a petition of Hugh N. Page and others,
officers m the Navy, praying additional pay for
the time they served in California; which was or-
dered to be laid on the table.
Also, a memorial of ship-masters, pilots, and
others, of Philadelphia, praying the construction
of piers and harbors in the Delaware river and bay;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Also, two petitions of citizens of Bridgeton,
New Jersey, praying an increase of the duties on
iron and glass; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Also, a petition of citizens of Essex county,
New Jersey, remonstrating against the further
extension of Woodworth's patent for a planing
machine; which was referred to the Committee 011
Patents and the Patent Office.
Also, a petition of citizens of New Jersey, re-
monstrating against the renewal of Parker's pat-
ent for improvements in the water-wheel; which
was referred to the Committee on Patents and the
Patent Office.
Also, the petition of citizens of Erie, Pennsyl- ,
vanid, praying the establishment of a naval depot j
or navy yard and dry dock on the Lakes; which j
was referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. SEWARD presented resolutions of the ;
corporate authorities of the city of New York, in 1
favor of the adoption of measures to obtain from ;
the British Government the release of William
Smith O'Brien, and certain other natives of Ire-
land, now suffering imprisonment in Van Die-
men's Land; which were ordered to be laid on the
table.
A motion by Mr. S. that they be printed, was
referred to the Committee on Printing.
Also, a memorial of citizens of Germantown,
Pennsylvania,prayinga modification of the bounty
land law; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. JAMES presented a petition of citizens of
Providence, Rhode Island, remonstrating against
the further extension of Woodworth's patent for
a planing machine; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. DAVIS presented the memorial of Charles
Gordon, praying compensation for services as
draughtsman to the Committee on Public Lands;
which was referred to the Committee to Audit and
Control the Contingent Expenses of the Senate.
Also, a memorial of merchants, ship-owners, and
others, of Boston, praying that further aid may
bo extended to Collms'shne of steamships; which
was referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Air. BADGER piesented a petition of P. {\.
Dickinson tfc Co., praying that Wood worth's
patent for a planing maHune may not be renewed;
which wns referred tn the Committee on Patents
and the Patent Office.
Mr. SHIELDS presented thepetition of Joseph
H. Marsh , only child of Samuel Marsh, deceased,
late n soldier during the Mexican war, praying an
increase of pension; which was refeired to the
Committee on Pensions.
Also, the memorial of citizens of Washington,
D. C., praying ceitam amendments to the city
charter by the removal of certain restiii,lions on 1
the right of suHrage: winch was referred to the !
Committee for the District of Columbia. '
Mr. UP1TAM presented the pptition of Jonah
Brooks, assistant marshal for taking the Seventh
Census in Vermont, praying additional compen-
sation; which was referred to the Committee of
Claims.
Mr. SEWARD presented the petition of citizens
of the State of New York, praying that pensions
may be granted to widows or children of oificers 1
and soldiers of the revolutionai y war who have
never receiveS pensions; which was referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. DODGE, of Wisconsin, presented the pe-
tition of residents on the Menominee purchase !
praying the removal 0f the Indians therefrom '
AiflCiisWaS t0 the Committee on Indian 1
PAPER WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. DOWNS, it was j
Ordered, That the memoual of Mafia Taylor, on thefile?
! of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Private
I Land Claims.
REPORT FROM A STANDING COMMITTEE.
Mr. MANGTJM, from the Committee on For-
! eign Relations, to which was referred the memo-
rial of Mrs. Ann Robinson, asking payment for
certain negroes carried away by the British in the
!' war of 1812, reported a bill for her relief; which
1 was read and passed to the second reading.
| MEXICAN INDEMNITIES.
I Mr. PRATT. I am instructed by the Com-
! mittee of Claims, to which was referred the me-
1 mortal of Don Jose Maria Jarero, a citizen of
1 Mexico, to ask to be discharged from the further
, consideration of that memorial, which claims com-
i pmsdtion out of the fund appropnated under the
i Mexican treaty, and to ask the reference of these
papers to the select committee recently appointed
' by the Senate to take charge of all matters relating
to this subject.
Mr. J3R0DHEAD. I have a minority report
on that subject which I wish to present. The
majority of the committee have reported a resolu-
tion to refer this case to the select committee upon
this subject. I have a minority report to present,
concluding with a joint resolution. 1 do not know
what has been the practice of the Senate in such
cases,but I design, when the majority repoi t comes
up for consideration, to move to strike out all after
the word "resolved," for the reasons stated in the
minority report, and insert the lesolution accom-
panying the report which I ofi'er. I move the
printing of both reports.
The PRESIDENT. The motion now made by
the Senator from Maryland [Mr. Pratt] is to place
the subject beyond the power of the Senator from
' Pennsylvania to make any amendment whatever.
1 The motion is merely to discharge the committee
> from the further consideration of this memorial,
j and to refer it to the select committee 011 that sub-
ject, and when it is thus referred it goes out of the
possession of the Senate. There would, therefore,
be nothing before the Senate to which the minor-
ity report of the Senator from Pennsylvania could
1 refer.
Mr. PRATT. When the select committee shall
; report, if the motion which I have made should
prevail, it will be in the power of the Senator from
Pennsylvania to oiler a substitute in the shape of
the leport he now holds in his hand. I would
suggest to that Senator, that if the papers are re-
ferred to the select committee, the whole subject
will come under the consideration of that eommit-
! tee; and the majority of the Committee of Claims
have thought it better that it should be referred to
! the select committee untrammeled, than that the
question should be prematurely discussed here.
Mr. 15RODHEAD. The minority of the com-
mittee entertained the opinion that this claim
should be paid; in other words, that the balance of
the 250,000 of the Mexican indemnity fund
should be paid to the Mexican Government, or
upon theorderof the Alexican Government to any
person thai Government might choose to authorize
to receive it. I am, therefore, of opinion that this
case should not go with the others to the select ■
committee; and for that reason I trust the matter '
will go over, and that the minority report will be
considered. I suppose that is the proper course
to pursue in such a case.
Mr.-BAYARD. I hope the motion of my friend
from Maryland will be adopted, and that the Com-
mittee of Claims will be dischaiged from the fur-
ther consideration of this memorial. Whether the
claim is referred to the select committee or not,
is, in my judgment, not a subject of so much mo-
ment. The case is a very simple one; and it is a
matter of some surprise to me that the honorable
Senator from Pennsylvania should doubt the con-
struction to be put upon this treaty. This memo-
rialist claims the right to some iortv odd thousand
dollars, which is the residue of the §3,250,000,
after the payment of all the claims under the com-
mission appointed by virtue of the treaty with
Mexico. There is this balance remaining to the
United States, which the Government stipulated
to pay 011 a certain class of claims. General Ja-
rero claims this balance on the ground that the
Mexican Government have given an order for its
payment through their minister—claiming thus
that this balance belongs to the Mexican Govern-
ment. I have looked into this question attentively,
and I cannot find the least shadow of a ground on
which Mexico can claim that fund. I do not in-
tend to enter into the discussion of this question
now; but I must say that the matter appears to me
to be so plain that "He who runs may read;"
and in that treaty there is no stipulation which
would entitle Mexico to the balance of that fund,
after we have discharged the claims which we are
forced under the treaty to pay. It is upon this
ground, and on this ground alone—that the party
has no claim founded upon the rights of the Mex-
ican Government to this fund—that the Commit-
i tee ask to be discharged. The ground of propo-
i sing the reference to this select committee, is
j simply that we know that memorials of this char-
acter have been so referred; and we think it right
and proper, as this claim was rejected by the com-
mission 011 the ground that it was not an Ameri-
' can claim, that it should go before that committee.
I It seems to me inscrutable, if this was originally a
claim of an American citizen, that becauseaMex-
ican was the holder of it Ihe commission should
have rejected it. I cannot conceive on what prin-
ciple they could arrive at such a result. At all
, events, 1 think the matter is worthy of a reference
to the select committee. What may be the result
of their investigation is another question.
| Mr. BRODHEAD. I understand there is but
j one memorial. I only make a report with regard
: to one. I will not now undertake to discuss the
question. It is a question of the construction of
' the treaty. I have discussed it in the minority
report, which I have submitted to the Senate.
| The only question is, what is the proper course
to pursue to dispose of this minority report, and
; what is the proper way to bring the subject to the
attention of the Senate. I ask the opinion of the
Senate as to the proper construction of this treaty,
i The question has been presented by the memoria-
] list. It is a question of construction, and of con-
struction alone, and therefore I think it should not
[ go to the select committee. If the construction is
as I contend, then the memorialist will receive
! the money. If the construction should be as con-
; tended for by the Senators from Delaware and
Maryland, then I agree that the memorial should
go to the select committee.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will state that
! there is no report from the committee. They
i simply ask to be discharged from the further con-
| stderation of the memorial, and that it be referred
to the select committee. The report of a minority
of a committee cannot be received without the
! unanimous consent of the Senate. The question
' is now whether the Senate will discharge the com-
| mittee from the further consideration of the memo-
rial, and refer it to the select committee on Mexi-
can Claims.
I Mr. BRODHEAD. I hope, then, the committee
will not be discharged, or that the unanimous con-
| sent of the Senate will be given for the mtroduc-
1 tion of this minority report. All 1 ask is that the
Senate will examine the subject.
The PRESIDENT. There is no majority re-
port.
Mr. BRODHEAD. The majority ask to be
discharged from the further consideration of the
subject, and a reference to the select committee. I
ask that the whole subject may be laid on the
table, and that the report may be printed.
Mr. BADGER. Why ? I shall certainly ob-
, ject to the report being printed.
The PRESIDENT. What report? The com-
; mittee simply ask to be discharged, and to have
the memorial referred to another committee, as the
Chair has already stated.
Mr. BADGER. Why should they not be dis-
charged ?
Mr. HAMLIN. If I understand the honorable
Senator from Pennsylvania aright, he asks that
the report which he has submitted be received and
printed, whether there be any majority report or
not. I beg leave to inquire of the Chair if the
paper which is submitted by the honorable Sena-
tor from Pennsylvania may not be received with
the unanimous consent of the Senate, and be
prin led?
The PRESIDENT. Most certainly.
Mr. HAMLIN. Very well; I hear no objec-
tion.
Mr. BADGER. I object.
Mr. HAMLIN. The Senator from North
Carolina objects. Then the question recurs on
adopting the motion made by the committee, which
is to be discharged from the further consideration
