ism.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2455
charge of these bureaus. I will say, as another
reason why this should be stricken out, that there
is a proposition for a general reform and reorgan-
ization of the service, which contemplates the
change, in some respects, of these bureaus, and
therefore the proposition now to allow command-
ers to be appointed to these bureaus is partial legis-
lation. The whole subject will have to be gone
over again when we come to the question of or-
ganizing the Navy upon a proper footing. It is
now totally disorganized. The present organiza-
tion of these bureaus is but one of a thousand
abuses, if I may call it one, which exist in the
Navy. I hope no law will now be passed inter-
fering with the act of Congress conferring upon the
President authority to put captains at the head of
these bureaus, unless it can be shown that the
duties of these stations have not been properly at-
tended to.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Mr. President, I think
this section, as it stands, is the very quintessence
of the argument made by my friend from Mary-
land. if I understood him, he argued that the
President ought to have the right to select these
officers and put them at the head of these bureaus
if he thought proper. I hope, then, that the sec-
tion will be retained, because it allows the Pres-
ident to do that if he chooses. It does not confine
him to one class. It merely widens the field of
selection and of discretion. 1 think if you strike ;
it out, it will be rather a reflection upon, than a
compliment to the officers of the jNravy. It only
widens the discretion of the President, authorizing
him to select commanders if he chooses to do so. i
Mr. PEAR.CE. If widening the held of selec-
tion is all that is to be considered we might as well 1
put in lieutenants, passed midshipmen, and mid-
shipmen; but I am glad to say that the command- ;
ers themselves do not ask for this. This is forcing
it upon them. i
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I do not go for it be-I
cause they ask for it. If it is necessary to put .
them there, I want to put them there, whether i
they ask for it or not. If they are the fit men to [
be selected to discharge these duties, I want them
to be selected, and ordered to these posts without
consulting their wishes. i
Mr. BRIGHT. I ask for the yeas and nays
upon the amendment of the Senator from Mary- |
land. I will state, in reply to him, that I believe
the officers who are to be affected by this section |
desire the change. The section as it stands mere- ,
ly gives power to the President to choose from
meritorious officers throughout the service, instead J
of limiting him to a particular set of men, it gives
him power wherever merit is found to select mer- j
itorious individuals. I hope the section will not '
be stricken out. I think it ought to be retained, j
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. PEARCE. For my own justification,I
only desire to say, that when I stated that com- !
manders in the Navy did nojdesire this, I said so
on information derived from one of them; and I
will add, he is one of the most accomplished men
in the service, and just as likely to succeed to one
of these places as any man of his rank.
Mr. BRIGHT. My information is derived
from that class of gentlemen. It seems that some
of my friends, and those of the honorable Senator
from Maryland, difler about it.
Mr. MALLORY. If I understand the provis-
ion in the bill, it applies only to commanders, and
does not, as the Senator from Indiana supposes,
allow the President to select from any rank.
The question being taken by yeas and nays
upon the amendment, resulted—yeas 22, nays 20;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Badger, Borland, Duller, Clarke,
Clemens, Cooper, Davis, Dawson, Fish, Gwin, Houston,
Hunter, King, Maitory, Mangum, Mason, Miller, Morton,
Pearce, Shields, and Upham—2J.
NAYS Mk'bM-s. Atclnson, Bright, Brodhead. De Saus-
sure Douglas, Downs, Felch, Foot, Hale, Hamlin, James,
Meriwether, Pratt, llusk, Smith, Spruance, Sumner, Tou-
cey, Underwood, Wade, and Welier—20.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. I have one further amendment to
offer:
gK0. M be U further enacted. That no midshipman
shall hereafter be promoted to the. oflice of lieutenant, until
he .shall have served at least eight years at sea.
I wish to say a single word in reference to this
amendment. There are two hundred and five
passed midshipmen on the list. By looking down
towards the bottom of the lust you will find that
mostof them in that neighborhood have been to sea
for seven or eight years. About one hundred and
fifty, I think, towards the close of the list have
been to sea seven or eight years; but when you
come to look at the top of the list—those longest
in service—-you find that they are at sea from five
to seven years. It would seem from looking over
the list that the older they are in the service the
less they serve at sea. There must be some cause
for this, and to remedy it I want to have it that
they shall be at sea for a certain term before they
are promoted. I do not wish to be raising up ad-
mirals who are living on shore.
Mr. GWIN. This is not a subject of legisla-
tion, it is a subject purely of administration.
The amendment was rejected.
The bill was then reported to the Senate as
amended.
The PRESIDENT. If such be the pleasure of
the Senate, the Chair will put the question on all
the amendments which have been made asm Com-
mittee of the Whole.
Mr. HALE. I have no objection to the vote
being taken on all the amendments together, be-
cause I have no hope at this period of the session
there is a chance to defeat any of them. But I
want to notify the Senate that I think there has
been, for the first time, put into the Navy appro-
priation bill, what I consider to be a sanction by
law of what has heretofore been one of the great
abuses in the Navy, and that is appropriations for
building houses for officers. They have been in-
cluded in the estimates heretofore, but never speci-
fically appropriated for. But, as I have no nope
of getting the Senate to adopt my views, I shall
vote against concurring in all the amendments.
The amendments made in Committee of the
Whole were concurred in.
Mr. BADGER. I desire to renew the amend-
ment which was offered to this bill as in Commit-
tee of the Whole by the honorable Senator from
Texas, [Mr. Rusk,] for the purpose of making
provision for the maintenance of an ice-boat oil
the Potomac river, in the course of the ensuing
winter. I have modified it, so as to strike out
that part which requires the Postmaster General
to contract with any particular company—leaving
him to contract with such company or persons as
he pleases.
Mr. CASS. Does the Department want it?
Mr. BADGER. 1 do not care whether they do
or not; 1 do not want the communication with the
whole southern country blocked up, during the
coming winter, as it was last winter. My amend-
ment is to add—•
j-iHO, — Jlntl be it further enacted, That the Post-
master General he, and he is hereby, authorized, in addition
to ordinary steamboat service on the Potomac, to con-
tract tor an efficient ice bout oi ice ho.us being kept up for
the conveyance of the mail duringthe wiutei months- Pro-
vided, The additional etpense to be incurred by the De-
partment for keeping up such ice-boat or ice-boatb shall not
exceed ,^2U,()00 per annum.
Mr. ADAMS. I rise to a question of Older.
This amendment has no proper connection with
the naval appropriation bill.
The PRESIDENT. The Senate has to judge
of the appropriateness of any proposition which I
may be o'ffered as ail amendment to a bill pend-
ing It is not a question of order to be decided
by the Chair.
Mr. HAMLIN. I desire to state one objec-
tion which I have to the amendment, and I think
it should be a controlling one with the Senate. If
ice-boats are placed on this river, the next thing
will be to place them upon the Delaware river, and
then upon the North river, and the Ohio river, and
any river that may be frozen up during a portion
of the winter, and it will lead to an expenditure
which may absorb all the revenues of the Post
Office Department.
Mr. DOWNS. If the gentleman will show me
another case like this, wheie such an important
mail is interrupted, and where that interruption [
can be obviated at such small expense, then it will i
be a proper case for the exercise of this power.
The question here is, whether the whole southern !
mail shall be stopped for several days ifi the win- |
ter, or whether we shall go to a small expense for j
the' purpose of keeping this great southern mail
route open during the whole year. There is no
such case elsewhere. The mail routes on the
North river, and the Delaware river, are not such
as this.
Mr. BRIGHT. X move to amend the amend-
ment by inserting after the word " Potomac" the
words " and on the Ohio river, from Cincinnati
to Louisville." That is a very important branch
of the mail service, as important as any within the
limits of the Union. When the river is frozen
during the winter, the mail route from Louisville
to Cincinnati is entirely suspended, except by way
routes, on each side. There is no through mail
route at that period of the year. Last winter,
navigation on the Ohio was suspended for six
weeks. I admit that I am against both appropria-
tions, but if one carries I desire the other to go
with it.
Mr. GWIN. I hope the question of order will
be settled, whether this amendment is or is not in
order.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair has already
stated that he is not to judge whether the amend-
ment is appropriate or not.
Mr. HUNTER. In lelation to this matter, I
would say, that.I believe the proposition for ice-
boats on the Potomac stands on very different
ground from other rivers. But I do not think
that this bill ought to be incumbered with the
proposition. We have very little time now to act
upon public measures. It is important that this
Navy appropriation bill should be acted on im-
mediately; and, in that view of the case, I cannot
vote for any amendment which is likely to give
rise to difference between the two Houses.
Mr. BADGER. As to the Ohio river, I think
the gentleman who offered that amendment has
given us sufficient reason for voting against it; for
he announces that, he is hostile to both proposi-
tions. As he is not a friend to the amendment, of
course we ought not to go for it, for it must be
intended to destroy the original amendment.
I am astonished that there should be any oppo-
sition to this small appropriation. Senators who
were here during the past winter, and saw the
inconvenience to which every member of this
body, and of the other House, connected with
any part of the southern portion of the United
States, was put, in consequence of the want of such
an ice-boat, will see the necessity for this. If the
cold here was so extreme that the river could not
be kept open except at a very great expenditure,
it might be a good reason for not attempting it.
But a small outlay of money will keep the river
at all times clear, and enable us to have our regu-
lar communications. I hope that the Senate will
adopt the amendment.
Mr. DAVIS. I would suggest that the other
day there was an estimate made for keeping the
Potomac Bridge in repair, so as to pass travel
comfortably and safely across it, and it was said
that could be done for $12,000. Now, so far as
this city is concerned, and the mails are concerned,
it would be evidently more for the accommodation
of the public to repair that bridge than to lay out
the money on an ice-boat.
Mr. DOWNS. The mails do not go by land.
Mr. DAVIS. They may go by land.
Mr. DOWNS. This portion of this mail route,
on the Potomac river, is by very rapid steamers,
and not by land.
Mr. DAVIS. Do I understand that the inten-
tion is to have an ice-boat go down to Arjuia
Creek ?
Mr. DOWNS. Certainly.
Mr. PRATT. During a part of last winter,
when the Potomac, by reason of ice, was incapa-
ble of been navigated, an arrangement was made
for a week or two with the company running: a
] line of boats from Baltimore to Norfolk, and the
mail was carried, as the Postmaster General m-
| forms me, some eight or ten hours sootier than by
< the Potomac route. It was first carried from hence
i to Baltimore, then directly down the Chesapeake
Bay to Norfolk, where it connected with the whole
southern line of mails. The only reason which
induced the Postmaster General, as I understood
him, to have this mail connection by way of the Po-
tomac, so as to carry the great southern mail in that
way, was by the force which is put upon that De-
partment bv the railroad company, who, I believe,
are the owners of the line of boats from Baltimore.
There is no doubt, from what I understood, that
the mail could be carried more expeditiously and
certainly by the Baltimore and Norfolk route than
by the Potomac route. There is, therefore, no rea-
son for the expenditure of these §20,000 to keep
this river open, when the mail can be carried at
less expense from here to Baltimore, and from
