1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
679
of the memorial, and its reference to the select
committee.
Mr. BADGER. Certainly.
Mr. HAMLIN. 1 understand that the Senator
from Pennsylvania has submitted at length, in
writing:, his reasons why that committee ought not
to be discharged.
Mr. BADGER. Very well. We will hear
them now, if he will offer them.
Mr. HAMLIN. I think we could appropriate
the time of the Senate to better purpose, and that
it would be better to let the report be printed, and
the matter remain for the present where it now is
until it is printed, and then we can judge whether
we will discharge the committee or not. If the
committee is discharged, we shall not have the
benefit of the matter which is proposed to be sub-
mitted by the Senator from Pennsylvania.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will state that
the Senator from Pennsylvania can present in his
individual capacity as a Senator anything which
will throw light upon this subject, or give any in-
formation to this body; but that he cannot present
such a paper now as a minority report.
Mr. BADGER. I will state some reasons why
the minority report should not be received. In
the first place, this is a case of the first imp; ession
of the Senate. The committee to which the sub-
ject has been referred direct a member of the com-
mittee to move that they be discharged from the
further consideration of the memorial, not upon
the ground that the claim is not meritorious, not
upon the ground that they have considered and
decided the case—it is not in the nature of an ad-
vex se report—butsimply that it may be referred to
another committee, which they think is more ap-
propriate to take charge of the subject 
Mr. PRATT. Which the Senate has appointed
to take charge of this whole subject.
Mr. BADGER. I understand it. Now a mem- i
ber of that committee brings in what he calls a|
minority report, and upon what? Upon the
merits of this claim; undertaking to show in this
minority report that the claim is a valid one, and
ought to be paid. Now, that is not the question
before the Senate, and I do not want the Senator
from Pennsylvania to preoccupy that question by
presenting a report here which he calls a minor-
ity report, while at the same time we are sending
the subject to a committee which we wish to be
entirely untrammeled by any previous action.
' Mr. BRODHEAD. One word, if the Senator
pleases. I undertake to show that the reasons
which are introduced in the minority report are
reasons which go to show that the memorial
should not be referred to the select committee.
Mr. BADGER. Whatever they may be, I un-
derstand that the Senator from Pennsylvania pre-
sents what he calls a minority report, there being
no majority report in which the merits of this claim
are investigated. I do not see where we shall be
led, if the Senate adopts a system of that kind, ad-
mitting one gentleman on a committee to which a
particular question was referred to bring in are-
Eort investigating the merits of the whole case and
ave it printed. I cannot conceive why any peti-
tion, memorial, or claim, which grows out of the
Mexican treaty, or the proceedings of the late
Mexican Board, should not be referred to the se-
lect committee of which the honorable Senator
from Louisiana [Mr. Soule] is the chairman. I
think the whole subject is one that properly comes
under the consideration of that committee; and if
there be any reason why relief should be given to
this claimant, although that reason does not extend
to any other, thatcommittee is perfectly competent
to make a report in favor of this claimant, although
it reports against all others. It is as competent
for that committee to investigate the construction
of the treaty as it is for any other committee to do
it. And why not? They aie to determine and
present to the Senate what they think ought to be
done in relation to the subject-matter of the claims
which are alleged to exist in consequence of what
are considered the wrong or mistaken derisions of
that Board. Now, whether these wrong decisions
relate to the construction of the treaty or anything
else, the whole matter will be before the committee.
Therefore, it is not with the slightest disrespect or
unwillingness, to accommodate the Senator from
Pennsylvania, that I must interpose an objection
to having the paper presented and printed. I am
totally unable to understand why the memorial
should not go to the select committee which the
Senate have raised expressly to take charge of this
subject.
Mr. PRATT. I do not consider that it is at
all necessary to go into the consideration of the
question which will be presented whenever a re-
port shall be made; but I wish to say a single
word, that the Senate may understand the position
assumed by the honorable Senator from Pennsyl-
vania. The late commission omitted to expend or
appropriate some $42,000 of the $3,250,000 which
were originally appropriated for the purpose of
paying the liabilities of this Government, under
the treaty with the Mexican Government. The
Mexican Govenimentnowclaimthis $42,000 which
are unappropriated, as belonging to that Gov-
ernment under the treaty, and they have given an
order to the petitioner m this case, directing the
payment of that $,42,000 to be made to him. Now,
I suppose that the select committee which has
been raised would necessarily have under its con-
sideration, for its decision, that very question,
under the treaty, which is made by the Govern-
ment of Mexico. It will be one of the first pre-
liminary questions to be settled by this select com-
mittee, with reference to the residue of this fund
claimed by Mexico, and to which a majority of
the Committee of Claims believe that Mexico has
no just right. The claim which General Jarero
sets up to this money in the memorial he presents,
is on account of the order he has received from
the Mexican Government tlrat the money shall be
paid to him. The Senator from Pennsylvania is a
member of the select committee, and there can be
no difficulty in bringing his peculiar views before
that committee with reference to the rights of
Mexico. If the select committee are of the same
opinion as the Committee of Claims, he can pie-
sent his report there as well as here. It seems to
me that the whole subject will then come up prop-
erly in the report of that committee, and not till
then. I hope the Senate will discharge the Com-
mittee of Claims, and suffer the memorial to go to
the select committee.
Mr. BAYARD. I will suggest to the Senator
from Pennsylvania, that certainly the construction
of that treaty must come before the select commit-
tee. They cannot enter upon the performance of
their duties without considering its constiuction.
It is essential.to the examination of the claims.
Any views which the Senator entertains can be
brought before that committee; and if they agree
with him, they will report accordingly, and if they
disagree, it will be competent for him to bring m
a minority report, in which he can present the
whole subject. Or if the Senator pleases, he can,
at a subsequent day, introduce a bill for the relief .
of the claimant, or adopt some course of that kind.
Mr. BRODHEA D. 1 admit that this is a sub -
ject which can be considered by the select com-
mittee; but it was referred to the Committee of
Claims, and I think it was properly so referred,
and that the question should have been considered
by the Committee of Claims. Why, therefore,
refer it to the select committee? It is a memorial
upon which a select committee would not have
been raised. I think the select committee was raised
for an entirely dilierent purpose. Hence it is that
I consider it my duty to oppose this motion. It
is, howevei-, quite immaterial to me.
Mr. RUSK. It seems to me that to take this
minority report, in the present state of the case,
would be to prejudge the whole question.
Mr. BADGER. Certainly it would.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair has already
stated that there can be no minority report pre-
sented now.
Mr. RUSK. Then it seems to me that there
ought not to be the least objection to the motion of
the Senator from Maryland—that the Committee
of Claims should be dischaiged from the further
consideration of this memorial, and that it should
go to the select commitiee on this subject. I do
not believe that there is the slightest foundation
for this claim, even admitting in advance that the
commission have provided for the payment of all
the debts to which this fund is properly liable. But
to act upon this claim now, and to determine that
^40,000 are due to Mexico, under the provision
made for the payment of the creditors of the Uni-
ted States, before that committee acts in any way,
would to all intents and purposes be anticipating
the action of that committee, which would not be
, proper. Besides, it may be ascertained that the
I sum wc have to pay may be a much larger amount
than is claimed, or it may be much less. As the
matter stands now, I can see no reason why this
balance should be paid to Mexico. But it is clear
to me, that to take any action now in reference to
this report, which might go by implication to pre-
judge the claim in favor of Mexico, would only
be equal to precluding the select committee from
acting at all. ^
The question was then taken on the motion to
discharge the Committee of Claims from the fur-
ther consideration of the memorial, and it was
agreed to.
Mr. PRATT. I now move that it be referred
to the select committee appointed to take charge
of these matters.
The motion was agreed to.
ADVERSE REPORTS.—DAVID L. DAVIS.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of the
adverse reports upon the President's table. The
first was the report of the Committee on Pensions
in the case of David L. Davis. The report states
that the petitioner was employed as an assistant
in a Government survey, under the late survey of
Mr. John M.Smith, in the State of Arkansas,
from the 20th of May to the 24th of July, 1851;
that, while a party of men were encamped on the
day last named, a tree was blown across the camp
by a hurricane, which killed two men instantly,
and seriously injured the petitioner so as to pre-
vent his ability to perform manual labor.
The committee recommend that the prayer of
the petitioner be rejected.
The report was concurred in.
SAMUEL SPALDrNG.
The next report was from the Committee on
Pensions in the case ofSamuel Spalding.
The report was read, from which it appeared
that the petitioner had been upon the pension-list
for about seventeen years, and that he asked for
arrears of pension from the date of his discharge
m 1814, stating as a reason for his not applying
for a pension previous to the year 1834, that he
had been informed, on what he supposed to be
good authority, that he would be allowed a pen-
sion from the date of his discharge. It further
appeared that the petitioner was discharged on
account of the expiration of Ins term of service,
and not on a surgeon's certificate.
The committee report that the prayer of the pe-
titioner ought not to be granted.
The report of the committee was concurred in.
LOUISIANA VOLUNTEERS.
The Senate next proceeded to the consideration
of the report of the Committee on Military Altairs
on the memorial of the officers of the first regiment
j of Louisiana Volunteers, for indemnity for loss by
the wreck of the ship Oudiska, on the coast of
Mexico.
The committee reported that it was not expe-
dient to grantthe prayer of the petitioners; and the
report was concurred in.
ADAM HAYS.
The Senate next took up the report of the Com-
mittee on Pensions in the case of Adam Hays.
It appeared that the petitioner had served during
the war of 1812 as an army surgeon, and that from
exposure he had contracted a severe disease of the
lungs; that in the year 1838, he received a pension
j of ^22 50 per month, and he now asked for
! arrearages of pension from the year 1815 to the
, yeo>* when he was discharged.
j The committee reported adversely, and the re-
j port was concurred in.
j ' GEORGE AV. SEVIER.
| The Senate next proceeded to consider thereport
| of the Committee on Military A flairs m the case
of George W. Sevier.
The report set forth that the petitioner claimed
compensation for hogs said to have been destroyed
in Texas by troops of the United States.
The committee reported that, in their opinion,
the claim was sustained by no proof under any
principle which should bind the Government, and
concluded that the prayer of the petitioner was
unreasonable, and ought not to be granted.
The report was concuned in.
WILLIAM A. DUER.
ThePRESIDENT announced,as next in order,
the report of the Committee of Claims, on the
petition of William A. Duer, administrator of
William Duer.
