1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
681
bers of the committee consists in this: They say
we have no right to infer that the enemy would
have destroyed the rope-walk if the coraage had
been removed. I think that such is the reason-
able inference, and if you are in doubtasto the in-
ference, ]t rests upon the claimant to show a valid
claim. Government did not and could not pre-
vent him from removing his rope-walk, because
it was real estate. Therefore, 1 thmk the ground
on which the former part of the claim was allowed
is not sufficient to justify the allowance of the pres-
ent claim.
Mr. PRATT. Mr. President, if I can obtain
the attention of Senators for a very few moments,
I will endeavor to explain the views of the ma-
jority of the committee upon this subjcct, and
mate, in answer to my friend who has just spoken .
agsinst the bill, why this claim ought to be al- i
lowed, la the first place, without contesting the
principle upon which my learned friend goes—be-
cause it is not necessary for the occasion—I will
endeavor to show that, from the facts of this case, '
according to the principle which he avows as right, 1
the claim ought to be paid. What is the princi- ;
pie 5 It is, that wherever private property is de-
a'royed by a public enemy, in accordance with the
usages of civilized warfare, in consequence of any
act of this Government or Us agents, the Govern-
ment ought to be responsible for it. There can '
be no uoubt that this is going in favor of the Gov-
ernment to the utmost extent to which any one '
can go—that wherever, in accordance with the
usages of civilized warfare, the property of a citi-
zen of this country is destroyed because of the I
occupancy or usage of that property by the Gov- .
eminent or its agents, the Government is hound >
to pay for it. !
in 181 >, when the British army came to the city
of "Washington, the husband of the lady who is !
the claimant here—since dead—owned a lope- 1
walk in tins ciry, which manufactured the rope, j
twine, and naval stores necessary for our vessels j
.if the navy-yard at this place. There was on ue- j
posit in the rope-walk a large quantity of naval j
stores, amounting to some $1G,000 or $17,000. Its ;
owner had provided a sufficient number of wag-
ons, fans, and boats—putting the boats upon the
Eastern branch of the Potomac—to carry those mu-
nitions of war from his house and take them away
to a place of safety. Now, if the munitions of \
war had not been within the house belonging to j
this individual, according to the usages of civil-
ised warfare, the house would not have been de-
stroyed. That is conceded; my learned friend
concedes it The evidence is conclusive that the
owner of the rope-walk had provided sufficient
means to carry away all those things which would
have justified, according to the usages of civilized
warfare, the destruction of the property. He
I'ouid have carried them away, but the means of
carrying them away were taken possession of by
our army to carry their baggage. Hence it was
ihal Congress has already paid for the twine and
jvne,
But mv friend says they ought nor, to pay for
the ro^e-walk I cannot for my iife see the pro-
priety W the distinction winch is made. Here
was an individual who had twine and rope withm
his house. He had provided means for carrying
them away* The fact that the twine and rope
were there, justified the burning of the property.
Vow, unless the honorable Senator can show that
*U\OUO worth of twine and rope would be burned
t;; a house. without burning the house, he must
< ume to the conclusion, as it aeems to me, mas-
Hint h as lie admits the rope was properly paid for,
:iiat we ouc,ht equally to nay for the house.
Mi President, 1 nm not given to making
^jreche;-, for the purpose of prolonging debate. I
haw. £iven to the Senate my view of this case.
It within the nutshell I have stated, and I do
hope this claim will pass. We have devoted
much more tune, upon various occasions, to ques-
tions ni minor importance than to this. This
claim is a just one. It is conceded, according to
my humble apprehension, by the Government to
be just, because it has paid for the burning of the ,
twmo and rope, which the individual would have
removed had he not been pi evented in the manner
t have mentioned. The house was destroyed in ;
consequence of the right of the British army to
destroy the twine and rope; therefore we have ,
admitted that we are bound to pay for the house '
because we have paid for the twine and rope.
Mr. BRADBURY. The honorable Senator
from Maryland rests this claim upon the assump-
tion that the building was burned m consequence
of the twine and rope being stored in it. That
assumption seems to be contradicted by the record.
This case Was investigated in 1818, and the com-
mittee having it under examination made their
report. They reported a bill in favor of the par-
ties, to remunerate them for the loss of the twine
in 1818, thirty-odd years ago. If that be so, the
Senator's argument is entirelybeside the question.
He assumes that the enemy had aright to destroy
the personal property, and that in doing so, the
destruction of the house was consequential to it.
I deny that the enemy had, according to the
usages of civilized warfare, a right to destroy the
property. The reason why the personalty was
paid for, was that the Government had taken away
and rope which was in the store-house. In that jj the means of its removal; and as the party could
report they expressly state that the building would j have removed it, no matter what its character was,
have been destroyed if those articles had not bee#; it would have been safe from destruction. I think
stored in it. I will call the attention ot the Sejp ! the Senate will now understand my views. The
ate to tne language of the report: j ground I mean to take is that which was taken by
! the committee of 1818 and two previous commit-
, tees, and the ground upon which the claim was
( then made. This was not the property of the
■Government. These parties may hate supplied
! the Government, or they may not. They had a
' private rope-walk. They sold to those \vho were
I the best purchasers. The vast mass of the prop-
! erty which was in the building at the time, as ap-
; pears from the report of the committee, was un-
j finished ropes of various kinds. A very small
port, that the building would have been destroyed i portion, only to the value of $610, was cordage;
had ihe^materials^been removed. Now, the ques- j the rest was unspuu and unfinished. I know of
no principle which would justify the destruction
Included in the sum stated of their loss, is $£,650, esti-
mated as the value ot the rope-walk, which \our commit-
tee think ouaiit to be rejected, as the fame would have been
burned by the enemy if the materials of cordage and hemp
had been removed thciefrom."
They had better means of knowing it than we
have. They investigated it when the facts were
fresh—when witnesses could be called m. They
investigated it in the immediate vicinity where the
transaction occurred; and they find, in their re-
tion is this, whether when a committee, investi-
gating under the circumstances which that com-
mittee did, find a fact, we shall, after a lapse of
more than a quarter of a century, infer, without
any proof whatever, that their finding was erro-
neous ? 1 think it would be safer, when a finding
of that kind is explicit, that we should rest upon
it, rather than undertake, by inference, to o\er-
turn the report of a committee that imestigated
that subject at the time. JMy apprehension is,
that if we undertake anything of the kind it will
lead to a vast mass of cases in which the parties,
becoming dissatisfied with the investigation, v. ould
ask us to go into their cases again.
Mr. PRATT. The Senator from Maine lias
read from a report which, he says, has stated a
fact. He also says it would be unwise for us to
override that fact, so found by that committee, a
long time ago. That committee say, that the
rope-walk would have burned any how. Is rhat a
iact; It may be an opinion; but I cannot conceive
how the Senator can say that it is a fact which the
committee did report, or had any light to repot t.
They say it would have been burned any how. I
take the gentlemen according to their own .show-
ing: either that that committee had acted not in
accordance with the principle they state, or that
we are bound to pay for the house. No property
is to be paid for unless it was properly bvrned
according to the usages of civilized warfaie. Tins
cordage must have been properly burned accord-
ing to the usages of civilized waifarc, or ii would
not have been paid for. It vv;n, therefore, ac-
cording to the concession of the other side, properly
destroyed by the British aim} . They had a i ight
to destroy it. It is from that proper destruction
alone that our right and obligation to pay grows.
The British, therefore, had a right to destroy it.
The party could have removed it from his house;
he had provided the means for removing it. Ac-
cording to the concession of the other side, he
could have removed it, and then it could not have
been destroyed, it was properly destroyed by
reason of the action of our Government m tins
house: it consequently destroyed the house, and
I cannot, i'u my life, see why we are not much
obliged to pay c nsequential damage> for the burn-
ing of the house as for the twine whu-h it is ad-
mitted was properly destroyed.
Mr. BAYARIb' The Senator i' \md
has misapprehended my view of the < aso alto-
gether, perhaps from the imperfect maimer in
which i explained it. i will endeavor tu correct
his misapprehension. 1 Mated that the commit-
ter did not put this claim upon the genera* princi-
ple on which relief wa^ granted in other ease-, but
that if the general principle had been applied m
this ease—that is, the right of the enemy to de-
stroy this propeitv—the petitioners would have
been entitled to no relief. But the committee made
an exception on other grounds; thai no matter
what was the character of the property, the Gov-
ernment, having taken away from the party the
means of its removal, was bound to compensate
the party, whether the destruction by the enemy
was according to the usages of civilized warfare
or not. That is the ground upon which the claim
was made, and upon winch part of it was allowed
of it by the enemy; but Great Britain did not
pause, during that war, destroying property, be-
cause it was not in accordance with the usages of
civilized warfare. The parties did not venture to
claim compensation on that ground, and the com-
mittee rejected it on that ground, butallowed it on
the other.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I examined this claim
when I was a member of the Committee of Claims,
and came to the conclusion that it had no just
foundation. 1 rise for the purpose of stating whv
1 think it ought not to be paid. We have a
na\ y-yard upon the east branch of the Potomac
heie, and just in the neighborhood of it, according
to the proof, was this rope-walk, this twine, and
everything which is usually manufactured at a
rope-walk. JVow, T say, that according to the
usages of civilized warfare, an invading army
would burn up the navy-yard and all its appurte-
nances, and I would cashier a General, if he were
in my service, who would not do so. When an
invading army sees a navy-yard, and just by it a
rope-walk where all the cordage, twine, and if you
please, sails foi vessels may be prepaied, would
not, according to the usages of civilized warfare-
the General direct the destruction of property
which v.ms applied to furnishing the navy-yard :
Why, sir, (<>u ,-nythme, be plainer- P seems to
me no:. i mke it that tl.eie was not a particle of
the twine, cordage, and those other things manu-
factured in the navy-yard, there at all. Suppose
they had all been removed by the wagons c«nd
carts which weie prepared—they were not, and
therefore were properly paid tor, as [ conceive,
heietofme—but suppose they had succeeded in re-
moving every particle, and nothing had remained
but the hou&o, then, i ask, what would have been
tiie consequences resulting from the pieseutation
of the apourteonnc* s of the rope-walk, just by Kbe
navy-v.«.d where ships wei'e manufactured, to the
invadnu: ccnmandm^ General - lie would ha\e
said, Here the enemy obtain supphes for their
shipping. Would he take the distinction whether
tins \nt" public oi private prmierty- Could he
tel! whether the rope-walk and its appurtenances
didiml belong u> theGownmient usappuite.indces
of the na\ y-vaid ' lie - .-Hd know nothing about
thai. It would have h'en r rational <vnc!us:oo,
that if the Go\CiiV.n")U 'n\.o>d thr uevy-vard,
also owned the adj-i< rut roi ^-v. \il\. P .veins to
me that, under the-'e en cum-stan-vs, the law- of
cmuved warfar* would Inn. required thc'de^iro-
;<
me that ti om
ry, sin u!/J find
pe-w.il*, they
lion oi tne property, i: r>°em
G^VTal"-- invading a foreign cmiu
a na\ y-yard and en p<l v.cent i
would d* siroy all tor the purpose
enemy. W our Generals ought
British Orentra's ought not, to do
the lew?- of war woohi just'fv t
propei tv, thus situated, as public
Take <ho case of a pnwttc man
Everybody would sav that if an mvarhng enemy
covld destroy the public, works at Springfield or
Harper's Ferry, it would be right and proper. So
if our invading Generals could have destroyed the
. manufactories where the Mexicans, in the late
' Mexican war, obtained their supplies, it would
of disabling the
no; to do ihat,
t. Bi-t I think
t destruction of
property.
dory of £
