1594
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 22,
municate to this House, if the same can be done without
injury to the public service, such correspondence on file in
the State Department between the American Consul and
the Su!tan-at Zanzibar as relates to the cessation and re-
sumption of our consular intercourse there m I850-'51.
Mr. ALLISON objected, and the resolution was
not received. JB-
TERRITORIAL BUSINESS.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I do not like to trouble
the House, sir, but there are some bills upon the
table that will elicit no discussion, and to which I
apprehend there is no objection, that I desire to
have disposed of. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to take up the territorial bills upon
the Speaker's table and put them upon their pas-
sage.
Mr. COBB. "Will that come out of the morn-
ing hour?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman proposes to
take up these bills before we proceed to the exe-
cution of the morning hour.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I am entirely indif-
ferent whether these bills come up during the
morning hour or not. I only desire to get at
them.
Mr. OLDS. I shall object if the time devoted
to them shall be taken from the morning hour.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Then let them be taken
up before the morning hour commences.
Mr. OLDS. I desire to know if the morning
hour has commenced or not?
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has not
commenced. By unanimous consent the House
has agreed before proceeding to the morning hour,
to dispose of the bills reported from the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union in
regard to territorial matters.
House bill No. 256, relinquishing to the Terri-
tory of New Mexico all the right, title, and in-
terest which the United States may have to cer-
tain real estate within the corporate limits of the
city of Santa Fe, New Mexico, reported from the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
without amendment, came up as the first in order.
Mr. STUART. That bill was recommitted to
the Committee on the Territories.
The SPEAKER. The question was pending
upon the motion to recommit, so the Clerk informs
the Chair, when the House last passed from its
consideration.
Mr. STUART. I thought it was recommit-
ted, but if there is any doubt about it, it ought to
be recommitted.
Mr. WE1GHTMAN. I made a motion in the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
to lay this bill aside with a recommendation to the
House that it be recommitted to the Committee
on the Territories.
The question was then put upon the motion to
recommit, and it was decided in the affirmative.
So the bill was recommitted to the Committee
on the Territories.
House bill No. 957, to amend an act entitled
" An act to settle and adjust the expense of the
people of Oregon in defending themselves from
attacks and hostilities of Cayuse Indians, in the
years 1847 and 1848," approved February 10,
1851, reported from the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union without amendment,
came up next in order.
The question being upon ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time, it was put, and
decided in the affirmative.
Mr. MEADE. I desire to make a verbal amend-
ment to that bill.
The SPEAKER. It can only be done by the
unanimous consent of the House.
Mr. RICHARDSON. What is the amendment?
Mr. MEADE. It is to strikeout the word " de-
ceased," and insert the word "died" in lieu
thereof.
There being no objection, the amendment was
agreed to.
The bill was then read the third time and passed.
House bill No. 258, to reduce and define the
boundaries of the military reserve at the St. Peter's
river, in the Territory of Minnesota, and to secure
the rights of actual settlers thereon, reported from
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union withoutamendment, cameup next in order.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, was subse-
quently read the third time and passed.
Mr. SIBLEY. I move to strike out that por-
tion of the title of the bill which refers to securing
the rights of the settlers thereon. The section
relating to that matter was stricken out by the
Ctfmmitteeof the Whole on the state of the Union.
The amendment was agreed to.
House bill No. 259, to provide for the protec-
tion of the Territories ofNew Mexico and Oregon,
reported from the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, with an amendment, came up
the next in order.
The .amendment reported from the committee,
making the provisions of the bill applicable to the
States of Texas and California, was concurred in.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time, and subsequently
being engrossed, it was read the third time and
Mr. RICHARDSON. I move to amend the
title of the bill by inserting the words " to the
States of California and Texas;" which was
agreed to.
[A message was here received from the Senate,
by the hands of Asbury Dickins, Esq., its Sec-
retary, informing the House that the Senate had
passed a resolution that a message be sent to the
House of Representatives, requesting the return of
House bill No. 21, entitled "An act to amend an
act entitled 'An act for the punishment of crimes
in the District of Columbia."']
The following House bills, reported from the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, without amendment, coming up in order,
were severally ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and subsequently, being engrossed,
were read the third time and passed, viz :
House bill No. 260, to amend an act entitled
"An act to establish the territorial government
of Oregon," approved August 14, 1841; and
House bill No. 262, to authorize the President of
the United States to designate the places for the
ports of entry and delivery for the collection dis-
tricts of Puget's Sound and Umpqua, in the Terri-
tory of Oregon, and to fix the compensation of the
collector of Astoria, in said Territory.
House bill No. 263, to provide for additional
clerks, and extend the session of the Legislative
Assembly of the Territory of New Mexico, re-
ported from the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union with an amendment, came up
next in order.
The bill was read by the Clerk.
Mr. CLEVELAND. I should like very well
to learn what necessity there is for four clerks in
that Territorial Legislature. I wish the chairman
of the committee who reported the bill, to inform
the House what necessity there is of doubling the
number of clerks in that Territorial Legislature.
The Legislatures of different States, where there
is more business and more members, get along
with just half the number proposed here. Another
objection I have to the bill is, that it extends the
time of the session—the short session as well as
the long one. Perhaps the chairman of the com-
mittee will give me this information.
Mr. RICHARDSON. The reason for author-
izing this additional number of clerks is this: The
Legislature of New Mexico is different from all
other legislative bodies in this Government. The
members are made up of those who speak the
Spanish language, and those who speak the Eng-
lish language. The proceedings have to be inter-
preted from one language to the other. They are
compelled to have one set of clerks who speak the
Spanish language and another who speak the Eng-
lish; and the necessity thus arises, absolutely, for
this increase of the officers there. I will state to
the gentleman, in relation to the other matter, as
to the time required for the session of the Legis-
lature—laboring under the disadvantages which
they have heretofore, for they have been able to
do but little—they only ask for one extended ses-
sion. They are to have no more. The bill pro-
vides for no more. It is necessary that they
should have a good deal of legislation, if they had
any at all, for the people of New Mexico are now
living, I believe, under a code prescribed during
the time that our army was there.
Mr. CLEVELAND. It seems to me that the 1
explanation of the gentleman from .Illinois does t
not obviate the difficulty at all in relation to these j
clerks. Everybody knows that there are never j
two men speaking at the same time in different '
languages, and if not, it does seem to me that two j
clerks who can understand both languages per- I
fectly, can discharge the duties just as well as two
hundred. The only trouble is, that they wish to
employ clerks who understand the Spanish lan-
guage, and do not understand the English, and
clerks who understand the English language, and
do not understand the Spanish. Now, there
would be no necessity for so many clerks if they
could all understand both languages. Then,
whether a man was speaking in Spanish or in
English, they would understand him, and be able
to record what he said.
There is really no necessity for an additional
number of clerks, in my judgment. At any rate,
I do not see the force of the reasoning employed
by the gentleman from Illinois. Certainly there
would be no two men speaking or communicating
in different languages m the presence of these
clerks at the same time. And unless such is the
case, why should you increase the number of
cl ^
Mr. RICHARDSON. With the permission
of the gentleman from Connecticut, I will state,
when a motion is made in the Legislature of New
Mexico, it is necessary that it should be repeated
both in the English and Spanish languages. It
very often happens that an American who has
learned to speak the Spanish language very well,
cannot write it at all, and you must have clerks
who can do it.
Mr. CLEVELAND. I would ask the gentle-
man whether, in his judgment, two clerks who
understand both languages perfectly cannot per-
form all the duties required of the clerks in the Ter-
ritorial Legislature ofNew Mexico?
Mr. RICHARDSON. I am told that they can-
not do it.
Mr. CLEVELAND. Has any one satisfied
you of the reasonableness of the proposition to
have four clerks instead of two?
Mr. RICHARDSON. The application for
these extra clerks was made by the Legislature of
New Mexico. I ask the gentleman from New
Mexico if 1 am not right in that?
Mr. WEIGrHTMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. RICHARDSON. The application comes
from them, and that is enough to satisfy me.
The Legislature of New Mexico would not have
made the application unless there was some rea-
son for it.
Mr. MOORE, of Louisiana. I have had some
little experience in the matter, and I therefore
think it my duty to say something. We were
so situated in Louisiana for many years that-we
had to have a double set of clerks and translators.
I suppose that in this country you would not re-
quire that six thousand inhabitants who do not
understand a word of English shall obey laws
which they cannot read, and which they cannot
understand when read to them. It requires,
therefore, extra clerks to translate the proceed-
ings into the Spanish language.
Mr. CLEVELAND. Does it require more
than two, in your judgment?
Mr. MOORE. It requires a double set of
clerks. I can assure you that we had a great
deal of experience in this matter in Louisiana. For
twenty or twenty-live years the proceedings in
the Legislature of that State were carried on in
both languages. Every speech which was made
was translated from English into French, and
very often the French had to be put into English.
If you wish these people to understand your lan-
guage, and the genius of your Government, you
must give them some means of learning it, and
hot keep them in the dark—saying that they must
obey laws which they cannot read or understand
when read to them. I hope this bill will pass
just as it is, and that there will be no obiection
to it.
Mr. CLEVELAND. I wish to ask the gen-
tleman from Louisiana one question. How many
cierks are employed in the popular branch of
your Legislature?
Mr. MOORE. There are some eight or ten.
Mr. CLEVELAND. Weil, if it is necessary
that they should have these clerks, I have no ob-
jection to it.
Mr. MOORE. I recollect now that there are
eight clerks in our House—four in English and
four in French.
Mr. STUART. I rise for the purpose of mov-
ing the previous question on this bill.
A Member. It is not necessary; there is no
disposition to debate it.
