682
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 5,
have been lawful, and proper, and just: and if
General Scott had left in his rear at Vera Cruz, a
manufactory of either cannon or small arms, and
gone on to Mexico, it would have deprived him
of many of those laurels which we all concede to
him, and would have been looked upon as a great
imprudence and want of foresight. Now, sup-
pose the manufactory, instead of being property
owned by the Government, was private property,
just as Mason's works abovethe city for the man-
ufacture of cannon, would not the invading army
say the Government derives supplies from this
private establishment for the purpose of disabling
the enemy, and that they had a right to destroy it?
That is the case, it seems to me, in regard to this
rope-walk. All its appurtenances being near the
navy-yard, when'the navy-yard was burned, the
enemy would say " this is the place whence this
navy-yard derives its supplies, and of course when
we burn the navy-yard, we will burn all its appur-
tenanccs, whether they be private or public prop-
erty." That is the ground upon which I rest my
objection to this? claim.
Mr. BRIGHT. Four years ago, when this
claim was before the Senate, I joined the Senator
from Kentucky in opposing it; and I believe it
was owing to his opposition and my own on the
hst ni^ht of the session that it was defeated. My
attention was afterwards called to the claim by a
gentleman in whom I had the most unlimited con-
fidcncc, and I have become satisfied that I was
wrong in opposing it. I generally concur with
the Senator from Kentucky on claims of this kind,
and take it for granted that their name is an ob-
jection to them; but I am satisfied that this claim
has merit, and that the amount proposed to be
paid by this bill is nothing more than the parties
are entitled to. I do-not know that I could make
a better argument upon the point than is presented
in the report of the Committee of Claims, which I
hold in my hand. That committee has made a
favorable report. The Senator from Delaware,
however, dissenting. I shall ask for the reading
of the report, and I wish to call the attention of
Senators to it. ft states m a very clear and con-
cise manner the points of the case. It was made
by my colleague, [Mr. Wiiitcomb,] and has the
concurrence, 1 understand, of the honorable Sena-
tor from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Brodhead,] chairman
of that committee. I think the facts of the case
may be narrowed down to these: The parties for
whose benefit this bill is presented owned certain
materials and the building referred to. They made
all necessary and proper arrangements to remove
their cordage, hemp, and other materials, and were
upon the verge of removing them when the means
they had employed for that purpose were taken by
the Government officers, and used by them for the
benefit of the Government. All the testimony
goes to show the fact that if the Government offi-
cers had not taken the wagons and boats of these
purties, and impressed them into the public ser-
vice, their hemp, and cordage, and other articles,
would have been removed to a place of safety. It
was the fact that these combustible materials were
left in the building, that led to its being destroyed
by fire. A committee formerly reported a bill,
which became a law, to provide for payment of
the materials destroyed in the building. The ma-
terials having been paid for, the only question that
remains is whether or not the building should
be paid for. I ihmk that, as a legal point, if
presented to any court, there could be no doubt
about the duty of the United States to pay, in this
case, all that is claimed. The report presents a
better argument than 1 can make, and therefore I
ask that it be read.
The report was read accordingly.
Mr. BAYARD. I do not mean to discuss this
question any further. The Senate have heard
enough of u. But, with a view to test the sense
of the Senate, I move that the further considera-
tion of the bill be postponed indefinitely.
The motion was not agreed to.
The bill was then reported to the Senate, and
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading.
"RECESS.
On the motion of Mr. STOCKTON, it was or-
dered that when the Senate adjourns to-day, it be
to meet on Monday next.
FRENCH SPOLIATIONS.
Mr. BRADBURY. Some time ago the Senate
assigned a day for the consideration of the bill
making provision for French spoliations prior to
1801. I desire to call it up at an early day. It is
time that it should be acted upon, and I should
have desired to devote to-morrow to its considera-
tion; but I give notice that I shall call it up on
Monday under the conviction that it can be voted
on, and finally disposed of on that day possibly in
a very short time.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I hope my silence will
not be construed into consent on my part to take
up that bill.
THOMAS H. MCMANUS.
The Senate proceeded to consider, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, the bill to authorize T. H.
McManus to enter, by preemption, certain lands
in the Greensburg district of Louisiana.
Mr. DOWNS. I move to amend the bill by
striking out the words "in township No. 1 of
range No. 3;" and also the word 44 aforesaid,"
the last word of the bill, which will be rendered
necessary by the other amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BRADBURY. I would like to inquire of
the Senator from Louisiana, why the quantity j
of land allowed to be entered by this bill is so !
much larger than the quantity which the settler is !
allowed to enter? And whether the bill allows ;
the land to be entered all in one body? j
Mr. DOWNS. The bill does allow the land i
to be entered in one body. The reason was ex- j
plained when the bill was up before; but I will j
state it again very briefly. The land claimed was |
originally settled—part of it—by a man who pre-
sented his claim, but a preemption right could not .
be completed, because a survey had not been
made. He died, and his right to this preemption
was sold at probate sale, and purchased by Mr.
McManus for $1,800. That gave him a right to
the other party's claim for a preemption to one
hundred and sixty acres. Another man, a brother
of this individual, Samuel McManus, settled an-
other lot of land adjoining it, and presented his
application for a preemption; but it was not com-
pleted because the surveys were defective in that
quarter of the district. He died, and at probate
sale the petitioner here bought that claim. That
gave him a right to two preemptions. In addition
to that, there were two or three settlements on
lands adjoining. Some presented claims for pre-
emption and some did not; but all of them sold
whatever rights they had to this petitioner, T. H.
McManus, and he has made his plantation on the
body of land thus claimed by those settlement-
rights, all of which have been sold to him. He
has been living there for years, hut has never been
able to complete his title; and he now comes in
and asks that he may be allowed to enter, by pre-
emption, the settlement-rights thuspurchasedfrom
individuals, and a small fraction adjoining.
Mr. FELCH. If I understand the amendment
proposed by the Senator from Louisiana, it gives
no definite location to the land whatever.
Mr. DOWNS. The Senator is mistaken, as
he will see by reading the bill. I will state the
reason why I proposed to strike out the number
of the township. It was ascertained, on investi-
gation at the Land Office, that the township was
erroneously mentioned; there was a mistake as to
the number. But the provision of the bill is, that
he shall have the right to enter, by preemption,
the lands on which he resides. That is a suffi-
cient designation. Here are the provisions of the
bill: they are, " that Thos. H. McManus be, and
' he hereby is, authorized, under such instructions
'as may be given by the Commissioner of the
' General Land Office, to enter, by preemption, at
4 one dollar and twenty-five cents an acre, at the
'land office at Greensburg, Louisiana, such quan-
< tity of the public lands, not exceeding eight hun-
' dred acres, in legal subdivisions, as may embrace
'his actual improvements, in the parish of East
'Feliciana, on the waters of Black creek." It
was found that in consequence of the defectiveness
of the surveys, the number of the townships stated
in the bill was not the right numbei; and there-
fore, to prevent a conflict, I proposed to strike out
the number of the township. But this is to em-
brace the settlements on which he resides, hence
there can be no difficulty about it. There is among
the papers in the case, a statement made by his
neighbors to the effect that these lands on which
he i*esides do not interfere with the claim of any
other person, and that they see no reason why he
should not be allowed to enter it by a preemption.
The land being well known in that part of Louisi-
ana, there can be no difficulty about the location
of it.
Mr. FELCH. There is no difficulty at all aris-
ing in this case from the want of surveys, or the
want of returns at the Land Office. There was a
difficulty in the Greensburg district a few years
ago. From some interested motives, the lands
there were reported as not surveyed; and it was
said that the returns were erroneous and fraudu-
lent; and hence the lands were withheld from sale.
But I understand now, on further investigation,
that they are held for sale as other lands are.
The returns have been made, so that there can be
no difficulty in ascertaining the range or the town-
ship in this district of Greensburg more than else-
wiiere. If this amendment is made, it abandons
altogether the location as originally described in
the bill and the report of the committee of the Sen-
ate. The only description of the land is, that he
shall be permitted to enter, so as to embrace his
improvements.
Mr. DOWNS. The parish, and the navigable
stream on which the land is situated, are named.
Mr. FELCH. I know it refers to the parish
and the land district, but I speak of the specific
description of the tract. Now, the fact is this:
The petitioner alleges that he resides in township
No. 1 of range No. 3; and he goes on in his pe-
tition, and gives a description of the premises, of
what he claims under occupancy, and what he
claims under two purchases, I think, at admin-
istrators* sales. His petition describes the land
as being in township No. 1 of range No. 3.
There is a statement from the Land Office on that
subject. I wrote to the Commissioner about it,
and ascertained from him that on examination of
the papers in the case, it was found that there was
a discrepancy. The petitioner says he lives in
11 township No. 1 of range No. 3, and describes
; the land and his improvements, as within that
; township; whereas, the surveys show that they
; are within township No. 3. Therefore there must
, be some mistake about the matter. I am not able
I to say where the mistake is; but certain it is, that
| what is asked for in the petition, and what is
j granted by the bill, as it stands, is not in accord-
ance with the proof adduced in the case. By the
change in the bill, striking out the number of the
i township and of the range, it leaves the land to be
| taken within township No. 1, or township No. 3;
! and it strikes out, as I said before, all that there is
j in regard to the definite location of the land. Ifhe
takes land according to the proof, he takes land
which, in his petition, he does not claim. Where
, the mistake is I cannot say; but if we grant the
I land for which he asks in his petition, then we
; grant land to which his proof does not apply.
1 Mr. DOWNS. There is no difficulty about it
at all. I suppose I have exactly the same state-
' ment, as the gentleman has, from the Land Office;
and it is for that very reason that 1 moved the
amendment. It is very true, that this person, in
his petition, did mention a township, which, ac-
cording to the report of the Land Office, is not that
| which he intended to name. That is merely a
i mistake m the number: there is no mistake or dif-
! ficulty about the actual location; it is perfectly
! well known; and if this bill fixed no location, there
! would be no difficulty. It requires that the land
shall be laid out under the direction of the Sur-
veyor General, so as to include this man's im-
provements. The only reason why I had the
township stricken out was, because the individual
has made a mistake in regard to the number.
Therefore, m order to prevent any difficulty, I
struck out the number of the township, and left
the bill merely to embrace his improvements in
whatever township they might be. There is a
clause in the bill which shows that there can pos-
! sibly be no difficulty about it.
The bill provides that this entry shall not in-
terfere with the valid rights of others, and shall be
made after the return to the Land Office of the
approved plat and survey of the township. I have
here a statement made by the neighbors of this
individual, showing clearly the locality. The Sur-
veyor General will have no difficulty in directing
how the survey shall be made. 1 have here a
statement, signed by Judge Scott and other citizens
of the parish of East Feliciana, Louisiana, who
say that they have examined the memorial of
Thomas H. McManus, that they are his neigh-
