2458
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 30,
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN. The next amendment is to
insert the following in the bill:
" For constructing three small harbor light houses in
Galve-ton Bay, to wit: one at Red fish Bar, one at Chop-
per's Bar, and one at Half-moon Shoal, $5,000, in addition
to the $20,000 already appropuated for the light-house on
Red fish Bar."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN. The next is to insert—
"For the removal of the light-house at Mihvaukie, and
rebuilding the same at or on the north point of Milwaukie
Bay, $5,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN. The next amendment to the
bill is to strike oat sections five and six—
" Sec. 5. Jind be it further enacted, I hat if such per-
son as the Secretary of the Treasury t-hall designate, shall
report in anv of the cases herein piovided for, that pre-
liminary surveys are necessary to determine the site of a
proposed light-house or hghi-boat, beacon or buoy, or to as-
certain more fully what the public exigency demands, the
Secretary of the Treasury shall thereupon direct the Super-
intendent of the Surveyor' the Coast of the United States, to
peiform such duty on the sea-board, and the Colonel of the
Corps of Topographical Engineers t'fr perform such duty on
the northwestern lakes.
44 Sec. 6. jind be it further enacted, That the officers &o
directed shall forthwith enter upon the discharge of the
duty, and after fully ascertaining the facta shall report, first,
whether the proposed facility to navigation is the most suit-
able for the exigency which exists; and second, where it
should be placed if the interest of commerce demand it;
third, if the thing proposed be not the most suitable, wheth-
er it is expedient to make any other kind of improvement;
fourth, whether the proposed light has any connection with
other lights, and if so, whether it cannot be so located as
to subserve both the general and the local warns of trade
and navigation; and fifth, whether there be any, and if
any, what other facts of importance touching the sub-
ject"—
and insert in lieu thereof, the following:
" Sec. — Jlnd be it fitithcr enacted, That the Secretary
of the Treasuiy shall cause a preliminary examination to
be iliaUu of ttic site or location of each new hgllt-!lou*e ami
light boat herein provided for; and if upon such examin-
ation and report thereon lie shall be of the opinion that the
work is inexpedient, then uaui work shall be suspended,
until Congress shall otherwise order."
Mr. WELLER. I think.the sections proposed
to be stricken out are better than the one to be in-
serted, and 1 hope, therefore, the amendment will
not be agreed to. It seems to me that there is a
propnety in having the information contemplated
by those sections.
Mr. CASS. I think there is no doubt that j
this whole system of light-houses has outgrown i
itself. 1 suppose that every Senator is aware that :
there are many light-houses in places wheie they 1
are not wanted. Too much legislation has been |
made without a proper knowledge of facts. Gen- I
tlemen have got up here, and when a bill was be- i
ing put hastily through, inserted appropriations ,
for light-houses where they were not wanted.
Mr. WELLI5R. There are appropriations in
this bill for removing light-houses.
Mr. CASS. I know it. It strikes me, there-
fore, that we are beginning at the wrong end when
we make appropriations first and then authorize
an inquiry to asceitain whether they are proper.
There is n defect, it seems to me, in the whole
system. We want a radical change in it. It is
proper to have the fifth Auditor oftheTrensury to
check the accounts; but you want, beforehand,
competent, scientific men to whom all questions
concerning the location, &c., of light-houses should
be committed. You would then have a just and
economical system, which you have not now.
Mr. WELLEli. That is my idea exactly.
Mr. HAMLIN'. I do not tlunk it of much im-
portance whether the sections are stricken out and
the one which has been reported adopted in their
place, or not.
Mr. WELLER. Then withdraw the amend-
ment.
Mr. HAMLIN. No, sir. I shall not with-
draw it, because I think it will improve the bill.
It is more direct; itis more certain. The sections
proposed to be stricken out are complicated, re-
ferring the matter to the Coast Survey and Light-
House Boaid, while the one which the committee
propose to insert, makes it the simple duty of the
Secretary of the Treasury to act in such a way
as he thinks just and proper. The next amend-
ment which t have to offer is a material one, and
will meet with the views of the Senator from
Michigan; it is to strike out all after the seventh
section which refers to the organization of a Light-
House Board. When that comes up, I shall
briefly state my views upon it.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN. The next amendment is to
strike out all after the seventh section of the bill,
as follows:
ii Sec. 8. Jlnd beit farther enacted, That the President
be, and he is hereby, authorized and required to appoint, im-
mediately after the passage of this act, two officers of the
Navy, of high rank, one officer of the corps of Engineers
of the Army, one officer of the corps of Topographical En-
gineers of the Army, and two civilians of high scientific
attainments, whose services may be at the disposal of the
President, and an officer of the Navy, and an officer of En-
gineers of the Army, as seeietaries, who shall constitute
the Light-House Board of the United States, and shall have
power to adopt such rules and regulations for the govern-
ment of their meetings, as they may judge expedient; and
the board so constituted shall be attached to the office of the
Secretary of the Treasury, and under his superintendence
shall discharge all the administrative duties of said office
relating to the construction, illumination, inspection, and
superintendence, of light-houses, light-vessels, beacons,
buoys, sea-marks, and their appendages, and embracing the
secuuty of foundations of works already existing, procuring
illuminating and other apparatus, supplies and materials of
all kinds for buildH*g.g.nd for lebuildmg when necessary,
and keeping in good repair the light-houses, light-vessels,
beacons, and buoys of the United States.
" Sec. 9. Jind be it farther enacted, That the Secretary
of the Treasury shall be ex oflicio President of the Light-
House Hoard of the United States; and the said board, at
their first meeting, shall proceed to ballot for one of their
members as chairman, and the member who shall rcccive
the majority of ballots of the whole board, shall de declared
by the president to be chairman of the Light House Board,
who shall, m the absence of the president of the board, pre-
side over their meetings, and do and perform such acts as
may be required by the rules of the board.
'•Sec. 10. Jlnd be it further enacted^ That the Light-
House Board shall meet four times in each year for the
transaction of general and special business, each meeting
to commence on the firstMonday in March, June, Septem-
ber, and December; and that the Secretary of the Treasury
is hereby authorized to convene the Light House Board
whenever, m his judgment, the exigencies of the service
may require it.
" Sec. 11. Jind be it further enacted, That the Secretary
of the Treasury be, and he is hereby, inquired to cause .such
clerks as arc now employed on light house duties in the
Treasury Department, to be transferred to the Light-House
Boaid without any change of sabiues, and to provide the
necessary accommodations for the secretaries and clerks,
for the pieservation of the archives, models, drawings, &,c.,
&c., and for holding the meetings of the board; and that
he cause to be transferred to the proper officers of the Light-
House Board, all the archives, books, documents, draw-
ings, models, returns, apparatus, &c., &c., belonging to the
light-house establishment of the United States.
" Sfo. 12. Jlnd be it further enacted, That it shall be the
duty of the Light-House Board,immediately after being or-
ganized, to arrange the Atlantic, Gulf, Pacific, and Lake
coasts of the United States, into light-house districts, not
exceeding twelve m number; and the President is hereby
authorized and required to direct that an officer of the Army
or Navy be assigned to each district, as a light-house in-
spector, subject to and under rheordeis of the Light-House
Board, who shall receive for such scrvice the same pay
and emoluments that he would be entitled to by law for the
performance of duty in the regular line of his profession,
and no other, except the legal allowance per mile when
traveling under orders connected with his duties.
"Sec. 13. Jlnd be U jurther enacted, That the said Light-
House Board, by and with the consent and approbation of
the Secretary of the Treasury, be authorized and required
to cause to be prepared and distributed among the hght-
keepeia, inspectors, and others, employed in the light-
house establishment, such rules, regulations, and induc-
tions, as shall be necessaiy for securing an efficient, uniform,
and economical system of administering the light-house
establishment of the United States, and to secure responsi-
bility from them ; which rules, regulations, and instructions,
when appioved,shall be respected and obeyed until alteied
and annulled by the same authority.
u Sko. 14. Jind be it Jurther enacted. That it shall be the
duty of the Light-IIouse Boaid to cause to be prepared by
tiie engineer, secretary of the boaid, or by such officer or
engineer of the Army as may be detailed for that service,
all plan", drawings, specifications, and estimates of cost of
ail illuminating and other apparatus, and of construction
and icpan of towers, buildings, &c., connected with the
light-house establishment; and no bid or contract shall be
accepted or entered into, except upon the decision of the
board at a regular or special meeting, and through their
piopeilv-fuitlioiized officer.
u Sec. 15. Jind he it jurther enacted, That hereafter all
materials for the construction and repair of light houses,
hglit-ves^ls, beacons, buoys, &c., &.c., shall be procuied
by public contracts, under such regulations as the boaul
may fioni tune to tune adopt, subject to the approval of the
Secretaty of the Treasury ; and all works of construction,
renovation, and tepair, shall be made by the orders of the
board, under the immediate superintendence of their engi-
neer, secretary, or such engineer of the Army as may be
detailed for that purpose.
"Sec. 16. Jind be it further enacted, Thatitshallbe the
duty of the Light House Board to furnish, upon the requi-
sition of the Secretary of the Treasury, all tne estimates of
expense which the several branches of the lighthouse ser-
vice may require, and such other information as may be
required^ to be laid befoie Congress at the commencement
of each session.
"Sec. 17. *lnd he it further enacted, That all acts, and
parts of act*, inconsistent with the provisions of this act,
arc hereby repealed, and all acts, and parts of acts, relating
to the hjjht-house establishment of the United States, not
inconsistent with the provisions of this act, and necessary
to enable the Light-House Board, under the superintend-
ence of the Secretary of the Treasury, to perforin all duties
relating to the management, construction, illumination, in-
spection, and superintendence of light houses, light-ves-
sels, beacons, buoys, sea-marks, and their accessories, in-
cluding the procuring and testing of apparatus, supplies,
and materials of all kinds for illuminating, building, and
rebuilding, when necessary, maintaining and keeping in
good repair the light-houses, light-vessels, beacofts, buoys,
and sea-marks of the United States ; and the second and
third sections of the act making appropriations for light-
houses, light-vessels, buoys, &c., approved March 3d, 1851,
are hereby declared to be in full force, and shall have the
same effect as though this act had not passed: Provided,
That no additional salary shall be allowed to any civil, mil-
itary, or naval officer, who shall be employed on the Light-
House Board, or who may be in any manner attached to the
light-house service of the United States under tlus act:
Jlnd provided further, That it shall not be lawful for any
member of the Light-House Board, in&pector, light-keeper,
or other person in any manner connected with the light-
house service, to be engaged, either directly or mdirecily,
in any contract for labor, materials, or supplies for the light-
house service, nor to possess, either as principal or agent,
any pecuniary interests in any patents, plan, or mode of
construction, or illumination, or in any article of supply for
the light-house service of the United States."
It will be seen by reading the provisions con-
tained in that bill, which it is proposed to strike
out, that they contain the frame-work of theLight-
House Board. I concur most fully in what fell
from the Senator from Michigan, a few moments
since, that our present light-house "System has
outgrown the present organization. I believe I
express the unanimous opinion of the Committee
on Commerce, when I say, that they concur with
me in that opinion; and I believe I also express
the opinion of the committee as unanimous, when
I say, that they deem it unadvisable now to take
a plan which has been reported, as yet, by no
committee; which is looking at a system that will
make it as expensive as the English system in a
very few years, and which, if adopted now, must
be adopted here without investigation, without dis-
cussion, and without that preliminary examina-
tion which is necessary for such a suoject. It is
the purpose of the Committee on Commerce to
let these sections be stricken out, and at another
session of Congress to report a bill more in detail,
which shall remove some of the objections which,
in their opinion, exist to these sections,and which
yiey would have done at this late hour if it could
havereceived that attention before the Senate which
they believe it merits. For these resons it was
believed by your committee that it was better to
strike out these sections, rather than prematurely
adopt such a system. I do not propose to discuss
the question now. I do not propose to go into
the details of it; but I ask the Senate carefully to
consider, whether it is not better to postpone this
matter until it can receive the sanction of its own
committee ? I ask the Senate if it is not better,
if itis not more proper, that our legislation should
be marked by such a course, than by the outside
pressure of Army and Navy officers, for I see
them all around me now. I am for a board, but
I am not for one that is to be controlled altogether
by Army and Navy officers. I am for incorpora-
ting in it as many scientific officers as are neces-
sary, but I am not for a system that shall be built
up and placed solely under their control. I will,
at the proper time, aid most cheerfully and fully in
perfecting a board which shall meet the approval
of Senators.
Mr. CASS. As to the external pressure here
I have only to say, that 1 have not talked with an
Army or Navy officer on this subject on the floor
of the Senate. There is a great deal of reason in
what the Senator says. I think the present sys-
tem is wrong. I know there ought to be a change
now. I know the system has outgrown the pres-
ent means of controlling it. But if the honorable
chairman of the Committee on Commerce and the
committee are disposed at the next session to take
up the subject, and give us a proper system, I am
disposed to submit to that.
Mr. WELLER. We had better begin now.
Mr. DAYIS. If nobody else brings forward
at the next session a bill to remedy the system, I
shall. I pledge myself to do it.
Mr. HAMLIN. I will take up the subject and
present a bill, and concur with the Senator most
cordially in perfecting the system.
Mr. CASS. So far as respects the board, I
would not put two civilians upon it. I do not
think it necessary. We had better go to the offi-
cers of the Army and Navy, who are already
paid, and take the members of the board from
them.
Mr. DAVIS. I have bestowed some attention
upon this subject. Some years ago I made a re-
