1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2459
port to the Senate, in wliich I threw out the idea
that a system could be adopted, simple in its char-
acter, inexpensive, and yet efficient. I think so
still; but, as the Senator from Maine observes,
although the subject has been in the hands of two
committees—one in the House and one in the Sen-
ate—and although the Light-House Board, ap-
pointed under the act of last session, has written a
book of some seven hundred or eight hundred
pages upon it, neither of these committees is pre-
pared to report upon the subject. The sections
which we propose to strike out were inserted in
the bill by the House of Representatives on the
motion of some gentleman who had given his at-
tention to the subject. I think we had better wait
and mature a bill which may be something like a
measure, economical, just, and efficient in its char-
acter; and for that further time is necessary.
Mr. PEARCE. The next session will be of
thiee months' duration. I understand that this
bill was drawn up by the Light-House Board, and
kid before the Committee on Commerce three
months ago. They have therefore had the same
time for consideration at this session which they
can command at the next. This being the case, I
hope the Senate will not postpone their action on
the subject. Upon that committee is the Senator
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dams,] who, ashehas
said, paid attention to the subject many years
ago. I think as far back as fourteen years, that
Senator made a report upon this subject, in which
he shows quite satisfactorily the inefficiency of
the present system. The Light-House Board,
which was constituted at the last session of Con-
gress, have examined the subject, and have made
a report to us. No one can read that report with-
out coming to the conclusion that our system is a
wretched one. it has seldom availed itself of any
of the improvements that have been adopted m
other countries. If improvements have been adopt-
ed, they have for the most part been forced upon it
by legislative action, as when, by an act of Con-
gress, we adopted the lens lights in some of our
northern light-houses. Ttisadmitted, notonlyby
the Light-House Board, but by the report made
years ago, by the late Secretary of the Treasury,
and by gentlemen admirably qualified to determine
upon the subject—such as Professor Pierce, of
Harvard—that it does not secure efficiency in the
lights; that it does not compare in economy even
with the light-house systems of other countries,
and does nut supply the requirements of naviga-
tion and commerce. The light-houses themselves
are not constructed properly. I see it stated that
some of the best light-houses in the United States
are those which were constructed by the British
Government before the Revolution. The light-
house at Sandy Hook, for instance, was built m
1762, and is now standing a permanent structure,
while light-houses which have been built under the
present°system, since 1838, have fallen down.
This was the case in four instances during the
last year. The Board reports that they were de-
ficient in construction, and I see in the defense of
the present Fifth Auditor what is enough to satisfy
me that the bricks and mortar are not put together
in the manner obviously proper. Then the lights
used are not improved. They are not those which
secure the greatest supply of the light which may
be derived from the consumption of so much oil.
They have adopted in England, France, Russia,
Sweden, and other places, the lens system. In a
common ltght, unaided, twenty-nine thirtieths of
the light is lost by its going oft' into the atmosphere
or striking into the earth, only one thirtieth pass-
in" along the horizon so as to meet the eye of the
navigator. That is the loss of illumination in the
unaided light. The reflecting lights lose twenty-
five thirtieths. Under the dioptric or retracting
system, where the lens is used instead of reflect-
ors, there is a loss of but five thirtieths of light.
So that the superiority of the lens over the reflector
is in the same proportion as that of the reflector
to the unaided light. That is an important con-
sideration, for it is highly desirable to have the
greatest intensity of light in most cases. In the
relector lights you are often compelled to use
many lamps. Of course there is a much larger
consumption of oil, which is an important econom-
ical consideration. .
I see that this report of the Light-House Board
gives the summing up of the whole affair, in re-
gard to our system, a part of which I will read,
instead of giving it in my own language. They say:
" Thatthe lowers and buildings have not been constructed
in general of the best material-., nor under the care and su-
pervision of competent or faithful engineers.
k< That the want of professional knowledge of the materi-
als, moitars, cements, &c., &c., (or the construction and
lepairs, or faithfulness on the part of those charged with
the duty, was apparent in nearly all the modern towers and
buildings visited by the Board.
"That the piesent laige sums annually required for re-
newing, renovating, and repairing towers and buildings, are
the consequence of the want of an efficient organization,
winch could afford the necessary professional ability for
plans, drawings, and superintending of constructions and
repairs.
"Thatthe towers are deficient in the necessary proper
accommodations tor oil and other supplies; in the mode of
fitting them up, and m the materials employed for the in-
terim work; and the buildings ill adapted to the compil-
able accommodation ot the keepers.
" Thatthe lanterns are, a- a geueial iule, ofimpioper di-
mension^, constructed of ill adapted, and, in the end, not
economical matt rials, without professional or scientific
skill; and, in many instances, not suited to the use lor
which they are designed.
"That there is no proper system of ventilation for lan-
terns.
" That the means said to be employed for ventilating, are
wholly inadequate, and conttaiy lo true scientific punci-
ples.
" That there is very little attention paid to the painting of
the interior ol the lantern-* and astragals, and in glazing.
"That, under a well-organized sy-teni, the lights, and
other aids to navigation, might be greatly increased in num-
bei and efficiency, at a large saving upon the pi osent annual
cost.
" That there has never been an efficient systematic plan of
constiuction, lilummauon, inspection, and superintendence
of lights, &c., &c., in the United Btates."
We know well how the superintending of these
light-houses is carried on. The collectors of the
customs have charge of them. They get some
two and a half per cent, on the disbursements,
amounting to about $400 per annum, and not ex-
ceeding that by law. These collectors are not
selected with reference to their knowledge of this
subject or their capacity to understand the system
which is best in economy and efficiency. They
may be efficient men as collectors, and inefficient
as regards the duty of superintending the lights.
Their inspection amounts to little or nothing in
point of fact. I know that occasionally they go
down the bay, or on the coast, on a fishing party,
take a glance at the lights, ask a few questions of
the keepers, and do no more. They suggest few
or no improvements in the lights. You must,
then, have proper persons—persons capable of
instructing the light-keepers as to their duties, and
seeing that they perform them satisfactorily—per-
sons who in fact understand the whole system,
from the construction of the building down to the
scientific principles which regulate the construc-
tion of the burners. But this Light-House Board,
in their report, state further, that the lights are not
well distributed, or properly and sufficiently-well
distinguished along the coast.
I think in one place they are called a nuisance,
because they interfere with each other, and con-
fuse mariners who are not thoroughly acquainted
with the coast—foreign navigators, or those of our
own country who are not familiar with the locality.
Indeed, under the reflecting system it is not pos-
sible to adopt the same method of distinguishing
the lights as is applied so satisfactorily to the lens
apparatus m France and elsewhere.
Again, the Light-House Board say:
"That many of the small lights have an unnecessary
number of lamps and rellectoia, while sea-coaat lights are
wrcatly deficient m them."
They say, further:
" That the buoys in the harbors of the United States are
defective in size and rhape, and deficient, a1- a geiu-ral rule ;
and that sufficient care is not taken, nor competent persons,
employed, to place, 111001, and replace them."
They say, in another place:
"That thehghf-ve.-sels are, in general, not adapted to the
service they are required to perform, being defective in &i/.e,
model, and mooring*."
They are not properly moored, and are, conse-
quently, often carried away. We hardly ever
hear of such a thing as a light-boat being carried
away on the coast of England. Here they are
carried away, and not replaced for some time,
and, in the mean while, comes the manner in the
midst of a storm, and is lost for want of a proper
; and efficient organization of the system.
1 I will not detain the Senate by going over all
j the items to which this ieport alludes; but if the
; Senate had patience to listen, I could refer to the
' testimony of such men as Sir David Brewster, to
show how infinitely the system we desire to es-
tablish is superior to the present one. So the re-
! port of the Senator from Massachusetts himself,
to -which I have alluded, and which is full of prac-
tical information on the subject, is the best answer
to the proposition which he now makes, to let this
subject go over until the next session. It is four-
teen years since the subject was agitated, and we
have scarcely advanced an inch.
Mr. DA VIS. The Senator is greatly mistaken.
Mr. PEARCE. I know that we have improved
the reflectors, but we have scarcely made any ad-
vance towards the adoption of the more perfect
lens system, and in other respects are behind the
improvements of other countries. We have estab-
lished three of these improved lights only. How
many light-houses have we? Between two and
three hundred.
Mr. DAVIS. Nearly three hundred.
Mr. PEARCE. Nearly three hundred, and we.
have adopted only three of the improved lights.
Then in regard to the cost, I understand that a
lens of the first class burns about five hundred and
seventy gallons of oil in a year, and an equivalent
light reflector burns perhaps between double and
triple that amount. So the second order of lens
burns three hundred and forty gallons, and an
equivalent reflector burns a much greaier quantity.
Here is what Sir David Brewster says, in speak-
ing of these lenses:
" it these twenty-four reflectors are arranged in group-, of
six, then the brj^hteM light whn-h at any one time reaches*
the eye is that of six reflector*, which is repeated fouNtine.*
in oarh revolution; whereas in the lens appaiatus we have
a light equal to nine reflectors repeated eight time* duiing
each revolution, besides the additional light of the eiirhf
smaller lenses, and that of the other piece of apparatus.
Hence it was demonstrable that the len* apparatus i  not
only £-113, or eventually £513, cheaper than the refl< r*tor
apparatus, but gives a more intense and penetrating light.'*
1 think, therefore, if will be admitted, without
reading further extracts to the Senate, that an im-
provement is desirable in our light-house system,
and that this is not likely to be effected under its
present administration, which is admitted on all
hands to be defective. This bill is not likely to
increase the expense greatly. It is not proposed
to give any additional pay to the officeis who serve
onthe board. It is not proposed to give any pay
at all to the civilians. I believe it is known that
civilians can be obtained to serve without charge.
Then it must be considered that there are at pres-
ent about forty inspectors of lights, and their pay,
if they all receive the maximum, at $400 each, is
$16,000 per ann^m. This sum will more than
pay all the expenses of the board, because we
have Army and Navy officers who wilt receive
no increased pay for their duties on the board. I
suppose, of course, the traveling expenses will be
allowed, but if so, they v/ill be at the rate which
they get in the regular service. I hope, therefore,
the proposition to strike out these sections will not
he agreed to.
Mr. TOCICEY. It is to be regretted that im-
portant measures cannot be brought before Con-
gress until the close of the session, and that we are
compelled, therefore, to embrace the occasion to
adopt such reforms and improvements as the exi-
gencies of the public service demand. I think there
is but one opinion, that our present system is be-
hind the age; that it needs reform; that it needs to
be brought up to the standard of modern improve-
ments and discoveries. I am entirely in favor of
i the plan of introducing a board composed of com-
| petent, skillful, and learned men upon this subject,
I and of revising the system, which has fallen so
! much behind the times. I am not disposed to go
i into the details of the system now. Although no
1 Senate committee or committee of the House may
1 have been ready to report upon the subject, yet
j the House has reported and has presented us a
1 bill. That bill presents to us an important public
measure—one which commends itself to my judg-
! ment and to my support. I therefore shall vote to
j retain these sections in the bill and concur with
: the House of Representatives, so that the system
! which they propose may be adopted; and at the
j next session, if any defects should he found in its
I details, or any errors in the form which it may as-
j sume, I shall be under an obligation, as a member
! of this body, to the Committee on Commerce if
' they will bring forward such amendments as may
j be necessary. In the mean time, however, I pro-
! pose to take the measure as it is.
! Mr. DAVIS. I appeal to the honorable Sena-
; tor from Connecticut whether any such emergency
j has sprung up in the system under which we have
I lived for half a century as to make it necessary to
