2400
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 80,
adopt a complicated bill without considering the
subject at all. That is the effect of this step.
What fell from my learned friend from Maryland
[Mr. Pearce] shows how complicated the subject
is, liow many grave considerations are involved
in it, and how necessary it is to examine it before
it can be understood. I think the Senator is mis-
taken in several particulars. He says that we
ought to adopt the lenticular system more exten
sively than we do. He contends that it is econ-
omy to have the lenses, and he proves that by
showing that the amount of oil consumed in the
lenticular lamp is less than the amount consumed
in the reflector. That is true; but then see how
readily the reflector light accommodates itself to
our system. When the Light-House Board made
these comparisons, they assumed that the whole
hbrizon is to be lighted. The lenticular lamp can
Sight no less than the whole horizon. It cannot
be diminished. The whole quantity of oil must
be used, whatever the amount of light wanted is,
while, on the other hand, as every reflector has its
own lamp, every reflector you take from the light
diminishes so much the expense. The board
dwell upon a comparison whii-h does not apply to
the general system of lights, for this reason: In a
very large portion of the lights upon the coast of
the United States, it is necessary to light but one
half of the horizon. Therefore these comparative
expenditures do not come justly into the consid-
eration of this business at all, unless you found it
upon the actual state of things.
But the Senator says our system is deficient—
that it is feeble and objectionable. I know what
sort of sweeping declarations are put down in the
book which he holds up as authority, and I must
be permitted to say to the Senate that, after read-
ing it with some attention and care, I cannot find
one thing in the present system which that Light-
House Board approves of; and yet the Senate
well knows that we have had that system for a
long time; that, we have gone on comfortably under
it; and that our commercial community and ship-
owners are content with it; although, at the same
time, I admit that it may be improved, but it will
have to be improved at an expense. The idea of
economy is preposterous, upon the supposition
which is made by those who introduced these sec-
tions into the bill. We build a light-house, and
we put reflectors in it for some $3,000 or $4,000.
That is the common grant made to set up a light-
house and light, it. Now, you cannot purchase a
set of lenses for less than about §6,000; and has it
ever occurred to the Senate that there is not a man-
ufactory of these lenses on earth, except those
which are set up by the French Government?
And are we to be dependent on the French Gov-
ernment for every light we burn ? Is that a sound
or just view of the subject? 1 admit the great
importance of the lenses; 1 admit their great pow-
er; and I would heartily go with my friend, or any
other gentleman, to establish lenses of the first or-
der upon the great points which jut out into the
sea, where vessels first make the land. Those
great, leading points ought to have the best lights,
regardless of expense; but when you go into
questions of expenditure, it must be admitted that
it takes a much greater portion of labor t,o super-
intend and take care of the lenses than it does in
the case of the common reflectors. I see that this
very board censure the Fifth Auditor for having
an unnecessary number of men superintending the
lenticular lights at iVew York. jN~ow, I happen
to know personally, that the Frenchman who was
sent, over by the manufacturers to set up those
lights, put in, to take chaige of them, just the
number of men he was directed to put there by
those who constructed the lights. It is a noto-
rious fact, that it takes a greater number of men
to take charge of these lights than of the reflect-
ors, and I could show you reasons for it if time
permitted.
But, without entering into this subject, I think
enough has been developed to show that this is a
complicated system; that it should be provided for
by law with great care, and should be introduced
with caution and proper provisions in regard to
economy; for you cannot change the lights of the
United States into lenticular ones short of an ex-
pense of millions of dollars. You would have to
alter every lantern. The reflector lanterns are not
adapted for lenses. They are not high enough.
They are not adapted to the introduction of the
machinery necessary for the lenses. The Com-
mittee on Commerce, in my judgment, behaved
very wisely when they proposed to postpone this
system and go on under the system which has
been in operation for years, until we can mature a
plan and do it with prudence, precaution, and
economy; for you will find any light-house system
expensive enough. Let it take what form it may,
it will soon increase to double its present expense.
You have now near three hundred light-houses.
Soon the number will increase to six hundred, and
you will find the system burdensome enough at
any rate of economy.
1 will add one word more. One of the most sa-
gacious men that I know of, and with whom I
am acquainted—Mr. Stevenson—who has charge
of what is called the Scott's light, has investigated
this subject more thoroughly than any other indi-
vidual living. I see that, in the last book pub-
lished by him, he gives the preference to the re-
flee,tor iights in certain positions. Where certain
unvarying lights are necessary, as in narrow chan-
nels, he says the reflector light has the preference.
It is true the lenses give greater light. They
throw out more rays, but they are not as well
adapted to some stations.
Then it follows that we should have at the head
of the system an able and efficient man. One
head is better than ten, and an able and efficient
man who understands the subject from top to bot-
tom will be able to go into it, and from his know-
ledge to regulate it according to economy, and
according to the position in which the lights should
be placed. He should be a man capable to dis-
charge his duties, and he should have a suitable
organization under him. But I must say, how-
ever respectable these boards are, I never have
thought them worth anything. You had a Navy
Board, but were obliged to give it up. You had
a Census Board, but it did nothing. You had a
Board connected with the Patent Office, but who
ever heard of it doing anything? I never did.
These boards only serve as a shelter to cover
some other person who does the business allotted
to them. Then I do not see any propriety in
limiting such a board as is here proposed to the
officers of the Army and Navy. You should take
talent wherever you find it. But I do not. think
this is the time to discuss the subject. I think it
had better be postponed until the next session.
Mr. PEARCE. 1 understand the Senator to
say that the cost of a lens light is $6,000. I sup-
pose that is the first class. But I see a statement
in this report on the subject.
Mr. DAVIS. The least cost of those lights
which have been brought here is $10,000.
Mr. PEARCE. I see in this report a compari-
son of the cost of the lights required to light the
harbor of Baltimore:
"It maybe useful to compare a tew of the smaller lights;
and as an example, the Lazaretto light, near Baltimore,
may be taken. Tlieruare eleven lamps and spherical rcjlcct-
oi$ in this tower.
" Reported consumption last year 431 gallons of oil.
" Estimated consumption, according to European stand-
ard, 440 gallons.
" United States estimate, 385 gallons.
"This light is required to light a harbor and the entrance
to it of small extent, a visibility not exceeding live to six
imle.s.
'k The first costof the eleven lamps and reflectors, (which
requne to be renewed frequently,) frame, fitting, &.c., in-
dependently of spare lamps, burner-*, &.c., will be not le^s
than .$350 00
Annual expense for oil, 431 gallons, at $1 30 per
gallon  560 30
For chimneys, glasses, and wicks  12 30
572 60
Extra burners, supposed not less than  5 00
: Annual cost    577 60
independent of cleaning, powders, rags, &c., &c., not re-
i quned lor a Jens light.
; 44 1 he first cost of a sixth-order Ions apparatus, which
I does not require to be renewed, with three lamps, (two
I being extia,) and pedestal, &c., complete, estimating five
I francs to a dollar, will be $*252 00
I Which is less than the first costof the reflector light
I by  98 00
! The consumption of oil per annum, for the lens light,
| will be 48 gallons, costing  60 40
| For wicks and chimneys, say.    1 50
$63 90
while the Senator desires to begin the improve-
ment of lights on the sea-coast, it is desirable also*
for the sake of economy, to apply them at points
where great intensity of light is not so very im-
portant—as at the entrance of harbors.
Then as to the organization of the system. I
find in the report made by the honorable Senator
himself in 1838, some account of the French sys-
tem. He i
Mr. DAVIS. This comparison does not give
a just view of the subject. It may answer for
that little light. The whole of it maybe true;
but it does not touch the whole subject at all.
Mr. PEARCE. I mentioned that to show that
" The general supervision of light-houses, &c., devolves
on the Minister of the Interior; but no new light can be
established without the concurrent opinion of this Minister
and the Minister of Marine.
Subordinate is a Commission des Phares ; the members
of winch, except the Secretary, receive no compensation.
It has hitherto consisted of certain civil engineers, em-
ployed in the administration of roads and bridges, naval
officers, and astronomers, with the late distinguished M.
Fresnel, as secretary and chief engineer. The design of
such a combination is manifestly to bring to the public ser-
vice the requisite qualifications, to select the best sites, to
construct the most suitable buildings, and to bung into use
the most perfect and scientific apparatus."
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator will not understand
me as recommending that system.
Mr. PEARCE. The Senator introduced it into
his report without condemning it, and the con-
cluding sentence seemed to justify the inference of
his approval.
The Senator, in his report, quoted Mr. Steven-
son and Dr. Brewster, to show (i that the lens
apparatus is in every respect better and more
economical than the reflector apparatus," and ad-
mitted the superiority of the French system.
But, Mr. President, it does not follow if we estab-
lish this board that it is to go to work at once to
dismantle all our present light-houses, and charge
us with heavy expenditures for new structures
and lens lights on all points of the coast where
light-houses now stand. I take it that the board
will be composed of competent men, who will pro-
ceed cautiously, judiciously, and much more sys-
tematically than thepresentadministration of lights,
from the nature of its organization, can do. I pre-
sume that they will have reference to the condition
of the revenue, and be limited by the appropria-
tions made by Congress for the purpose; that
they will introduce improvements from time to
time, and gradually correct the evils of the present
system. But I will not detain the Senate further.
Mr. PRATT. 1 desire to say a word in refer-
ence to the propriety of postponing this subject
until the next session of Congress. That proceeds
upon the hypothesis, as my colleague has said,
that the board which you are about to appoint is
to set to work at once and do everything wrong.
It cannot be maintained unless upon the hypothe-
sis, that the board are not only to proceed to dis-
mantle all the existing light-houses, but to proceed
upon an entirely erroneous plan in organizing the
new ones. If we adopt this plan now it is mani-
fest to every one that we shall have the ability of
the distinguished Senator from Massachusetts at
the next session of Congress, for the purpose of
maturing, altering, and amending it, if it should
be necessary. It is admitted that the present sys-
tem is entirely wrong. Had we not better, then,
make the commencement of a new one by appoint-
ing a scientific board for the purpose of examining
thesubject? Ifit be found,as it is found in almost,
every system, necessary to amend it, we shall
have time to do so. The sections proposed to be
stricken out of the bill were prepared by one of
my colleagues in the other House, [Mr. Evans,]
a gentleman of scientific attainments, upon whose
judgment, with as much confidence as I have in
my friends from Massachusetts and Maine, I for
one am willing to rely until experience shows
that there is some fault in the system.
The Senator from Massachusetts says that the
lights used in the French system are much more
expensive; and they are unnecessary, except at
some points going out into the sea. His argument,
on that account, against the propriety of estab-
hshing'the board, ifit amounts to anything, must
go further. lie must suppose that that board •
will do what he says is unnecessary, and put these
expensive lights where they are not important to
be put. He asks, are we willing to adopt this
French system of lighting when there is not a
single manufactory of the lenses in this country?
Now, I apprehend that if it be necessary to adopt
that system, the effect of it will be to establish
such a manufactory in our own country, and not
to leave us dependent upon the French; for it is
unknown in the history of any one thing that was
