1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2461
manufactured by the ingenuity of man, where the
Americans have not been able to compete with the
rest of the world, when it became necessary.
So far from being dependent upon France, if we
adopt the system, we shall have manufactories of
the article here in a few years, surpassing those
which are in Prance. I can see no possible rea-
son for the postponement of the subject, and I
was sorry to hear my friend from Michigan [Mr.
Cass] giving in to it, after he had asserted that
the system under which we are now acting is
wrong.
Mr. DAVIS. If the Senate wants a little fore-
taste of what these boards do, I will refer to the
light-house expenses under the English system.
I hold in my hand an official letter addressed to
the British Government by our Minister at Lon-
don in 1850 on this subject. He states that " the
American mail steamers entering at Liverpool,
pay for light dues the sum of <£62 for each
voyage." That is, every time when one of our
mail, steamers enters the port of Liverpool she
pays #300 in light dues; and all our shipping pay
m that proportion. In the last ten years the Eng-
lish Light-House Board, to support their system,
have collected from our commerce upwards of
&1,100,000. I hold the evidence of it in my hand.
1 do not propose to remedy that; I only state these
facts to show that the system is enormously ex-
pensive; that it is vastly more expensive than
ours, and yet gentlemen wish us to imitate France
and England, instead of following the simple cus-
toms and usages which belong to our Government.
They propose to complicate our system with these
boards, after the fashion of the middle ages. I
say that your experience with boards tells you
that they are inefficient and unnecessary. You
want an efficient and responsible head of the sys-
tem, and nothing else, to carry on your business.
We have no time now, I repeat, to organize this
system properly. It cannot be done with a proper
reference to economy. Where improvements are
necessary, 1 am for them. I am from a com-
mercial part of the country, and I want as good
lights as any gentleman. There is not a portion
of the country that has more ships and more ton-
nage afloat than my State of Massachusetts. I
am, therefore, the last man to stand in the way of
any improvements; but I wish to act deliberately
upon this subject, and in a way that I can vindi-
cate my conduct.
Mr. MALLORY. The State which I represent
has some fifteen hundred miles of sea-coast, and a
dangerous navigation. We have strongly felt, for
twenty years, the want of a proper system of
lighting our coast. It is one of the most important
subjects that can come before Congress. Its im-
portance has been somewhat exemplified by the
extraordinary volume which has been published
by the Board of Examiners—extraordinary in
size, I mean. I have not had time to examine it
since it has been submitted to Congress; but the
very fact that the Board of Examiners have found
it expedient, in order to show the importance of
the subject, to publish a volume of that size, proves
that we should not hastily adopt legislation of this
kind without investigating what they have writ-
ten. I have had some practical knowledge of
li^ht-houses. I have had the control and charge
of them. I have procured their oil and appointed
their keepers, and have made a practical examina-
tion of them for years, and therefore know some-
thing of the importance of the subject; and I am
free to say, if the lens system is to be adoptedgen-
erally in our light-houses, the expenditure will be
increased in the next ten years to $3,000,000. I
will give an example of the expense of this kind
of lights. One of the best light-houses on the
coas t of America—the light-house at the Tortugas,
on the coast of Florida—has been refitted with the
first class twenty-one inch lens, with three glasses.
Its light can be seen as far as the curvature of
the earth will permit. It is pronounced to be
one of the best lights in the world. That light
cost about $10,000. A similar apparatus has been
put up at the screw-pile light on Caiysfort Reef.
We have the report of a topographical officer upon
that light, and he pronounced it to be one of the
best lights in the country. It can be {seen as far
aa the curvature of the earth will permit. I know
from an actual inspection of the lights on that
coast, that as they are now constructed, they are
like great bon-fires upon the ocean as far as they
can be seen.
Undoubtedly there are points where the Fresnel
lamp is necessary, where we must not count the
cost in establishing it. The Fresnel light itself
cost, by contract, in France §10,000 without the
structure on which it is placed. We have appro-
priated $100,000 for erecting it. Weappropriated
$60,000 a few days ago, and $40,000 have already
been expended, making $100,000. But the cost
of the light-houses where they are necessary
should not enter into controversy. The money
must be expended if they are essential.
I am free to admit that this matter of lighting
the coast needs examination and systematizing.
But, sir, 1 can tell you, whatever evidence may
be in that book, that there must be other evidence
on the subject now in the office of the Fifth Aud-
itor of the Treasury. There must be registers
kept there of the opinions of the first ship-masters
in the country, which are filed in the custom-
houses, showing their opinion of our lights. I
have examined some of them. It is a common
thing to hear even American ship-masters classify
our first-class lights with the first class lights of
England and France There is no comparison in
regard to economy. Ours is the most economical
system on earth. Not only is it more economical
than that of France, but it is much more so than
that of England. When a Fresnel light is estab-
lished, it requires two keepers. They must be
mechanics, who understand the machinery of the
lights and its working; and you cannot get them
for a small salary. They will not serve for §500
a year, because they can get more elsewhere. The
first cost of the lighting of this system will be im-
mense. I grant it is the best system in the end,
but in the beginning it is very expensive.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the Senator allow me to
make a suggestion? Since the introduction of the
reflectors at Boston, reflectors have been exceed-
ingly well made m this country—as well as many
other, and more economically.
Mr. MALLORY. Yes, sir; we have the best
reflectors which are used, and they show you the
light as far as the curvature of the earth will per-
mit. Theieis no urgent necessity for adopting
the system proposed by the House. There is no
urgent necessity for the board; and it seems to me
to be very strange, when such is the case, that we
are called upon, without any examination of the
report—without having an opportunity to examine
it, hastily to adopt a board of this kind. We can
make improvements without establishing such a
board. We are in the hab't of specially legisla-
ting for light-houses. We legislated specially for
the light-houses on Minot Ridge and Carysfort
Reef; we directed that they should be constructed
by the Topographical Corps. We frequently take
particular light-houses out of the general system.
There is, consequently, no such urgency in the mat-
ter as to require the adoption of the board, when
no committee has reported in favor of it; when no
Senator has had an opportunity to examine the
evidence, and when the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Commerce pledges himself, within the next
three months, to systematize and bring forward a
plan foi the better regulation of light-houses.
Mr. WELLER. As a representative of one
of the States deeply interested, as a matter of
course, in the establishment of proper light-houses,
I desire to say a few words. As I have no per-
sonal knowledge of this subject, I have been com-
pelled to rely on the opinions of others. There
was a board of competent officers detailed for the
express purpose of examining the whole light-
house system, with the view of agreeing upon
what system ought to be adopted in order to make
it effectual. That report was presented to Con-
gress many months since. It was printed some
two or three months ago. The Senator from
Florida has not examined it. I should be dis-
posed to rely upon his judgment, if it were not
for the fact that competent officers, acquainted
with the whole subject, have been appointed to ex-
amine it, and their report has been communicated
to Congress. I do not see that in the proposed
amendment the question is involved, what sort of
lights shall be used upon our coast, whether the
Fresnel light or the old light. The question is,
whether, in order to make the light-house system
what it should be—an effective one—it is necessary
to establish a board to control the whole? In my
judgment, it is necessary, and, therefore, although
there may be defects in the bill, I am disposed to
vote for the organization of that board. It will be
subject to revision at the next session of Congress,
I am unwilling that the subject should go over to
the next session upon the assertion of Senators
that they will bring in a perfect system. I have
heard that same remark made with regard to
other things which have been introduced into the
Senate. lam anxious that the first step should
be taken now to make the system an effective one.
And in order to make it so, you must have some
persons at its head who can give their personal
attention to it, and who have sufficient ability to
look into the whole. It is for that reason 1 desire
that the board shall be established.
Mr. HOUSTON. I must say that, until a
measure of so much importance, involving the ex-
penditure of so much money, is recommended by a
committee, I am unwilling to go for it. I care not
for the opinion of any board whatever, nor for its
action, for 1 am satisfied, from the best informa-
tion which I have been able to obtain upon tins
subject, that the expenditure will not be less than
$4,000,000, and it will be a continued and increased
expenditure upon the nation. If the lights now
are sufficient to operate as beacons to vessels, so
far as the curvature of the earth does not interfere
with them, I see no necessity for any improve-
ment. I will never vote for a measure so univer-
sal, in which so many are interested, and which
comes forward in such a manner as not to permit
us to discuss it on this floor. If it were a minor
matter, thiust upon us at this moment, without
discussion or time for reflection, I might be willing,
through courtesy, to permit it to pass; but 1 can-
not support any legislation of this character, that
involves millions, when we know what influences
out of the House are pressed upon Senators to
rush it through, under the present pressure and
haste of circumstances.
Mr. WELLER. I desire to say to my friend
from Texas, that no outside inlluence has con-
trolled my vote.
Mr. HOUSTON. The Senator was not in my
mind when 1 made the remark,
Mr. WELLER. The only thing which governs
me, is the report of the board of officers who have
been selected to examine into the subject, because
they were supposed to understand it; and I pre-
sume they do understand it better than I do. It
is for that reason that I go with them.
Air. CASS. Since I addressed the Senate be-
fore, I have conversed with a gentleman here—a
member of the House, and he tells me that this
project was devised with great care and with great
caution. He likewise removed another difficulty
m my mind. He states that the members of the
board, whether those from civil life, oi those from
the Army and Navy, are not to receive one cent.
That removes a great difficulty. If, therefore, the
vote is taken now, I shall vote in favor of the sys-
tem.
Air. DE SAUSSURE. There are so few of us
here, that the opinion of each Senator may be of
some consequence; and, as I have paid some at-
tention to the subject, it is proper, perhaps, that
I should state the ground upon which I shall give
my vote.
I am decidedly in favor of the sections of the
bill, which it is proposed to strike out; and I say
so, because 1 have examined them. They have
been carefully prepared, although their provisions
may be defective. All new systems, however,
are defective, and require to be improved after
time and experience have shown where the defects
exist. I have no doubt that there may be defects
m this scheme. But it is a new undertaking; it
is a new enterprise. How was it gotten up? By
the act of 1851, you authorized a Light-House
Board to be appointed. That board was appointed,
and was composed of scientific gentlemen, some of
them officers of distinction in the Army and Navy.
After a very elaborate examination, the result of
which I have somewhat carefully looked into,
they present you with the result to which they
have come, which is, that the present system is
essentially defective. They show you the fact,
that the distribution of the lights is imperfect and
unequal; that on some parts of the coast, to wit:
at the North, there is an accumulation of lights far
beyond what the exigencies of the case demand,
so much so that they are accumulated in some
places as to be a nuisance to the navigator instead
of a benefit, and a great many of them are defect-
ive. At the South there is a far less proportion
of lights than at the North. They ought certainly
