686
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 6,
Legislature of Pennsylvania, relative to the bridge over the
Ohio river, opposite Wheeling.
Also, the petition of John G. Fox, asking compensation
for naval services ni the year 1846.
By Mr. MACE: The memorial of Vincent \irgin, of
Warren county, Indiana, asking additional pay for taking
the census
By Mr. FICKLIN": The memorial of a convention com-
posed of delegates from the counties of Clark, Coles, Moul-
trie, and Macon, m the State of Illinois, assembled" at
Charleston on the 23d of February, 1852, for the purpose of
constructing a railroad from Terre Haute to the Mississippi
river, with a branch from Marshall, through Charleston
and Sullivan, to Decatur, in Macon county, theieby sup-
plying the necessary links in the Mississippi and Atlantic
railroad, and in the railroad connection between Terre
Haute, in the State of Indiana, and St. Joseph, in the State
of Missouri, and contemplating a continuation of railroad
connection to the Pacific, which said memorial piays a
grant of the right of way and alternate sections of land to
aid m tlie construction ot railroads.
By Mr. HENN : The proceedings of a meeting held at
Cedar Foils, Black Hawk county, Iowa, recommending a
land office at that place.
By Mr. HARPER: The memoiiai of J. V. Cashing and
10 J others, citizens of the county of Muskingum, Ohio, and
the memorial of John Hawes and 128 otheis, citizens or
the same county, praying for the establishment of the
bridges of the Wheeling and Belmont Bridge Company as
post roads, and that said bridges remain at their present
height, &c.
By Mr. ROBBINS: A petition signed by George Lan-
dell, Joseph M. Ritterson, S. Outfield, C. Fortner, and 79
others, citizens of the county of Philadelphia, against the
renewal or extension of the Woodworth patent for plan-
ing hoard", &c. They state that the patentee has enjoyed
the benefit lroni 1828, which will continue, by act of Con-
gress, until the year 18.36, and that a further extension
would be injurious to the public interests.
Also, the petition of Thomas Wilson and 56 others, citi-
zens ot the county of Philadelphia, asking for an extension
of the Woodwoith patent for a planing machine.
Also, on the same subject, the petition of Alfred S. Price
and 91 others, citizens of the county of Philadelphia.
AUo, on the same subject, the petition of Samuel Wil-
son, and 44 other*, citizens of Philadelphia county.
Also, on the same subject, the petition of F. Engleman
and 63 others, citizens ot Philadelphia county.
Also, thcpetiUoiiof John SStattmon, Reuben Sands, and 33
others, citizens of the county of Philadelphia, asking Con-
gross to so modify the bounty land act of September 28,
1850, a-, to givt- those intended to be benefited by said
act, ami «enmen and marines who served in said wars, not
less dun ICO aeiex of laud.
By Mi. TAYLOR : The petition of John Windali, and
35 otliei s, citizens of Pike county, Ohio, piaying CongiChS
to (Mabhsh a mail route from Bambiidgc, m llo&s county,
Ohio, lo Wavetlv, in Pike county, Ohio.
By Mr. FLORENCE: Lefteis from Montgomery &
Neall, Edward XV. Oavenaugh, hweph S. Snovvd'on, Joseph
T. Bailey, Charles Cramer, and A. L. Raymond, citizens
of the city and county of Philadelphia, remonstrating
against the extension of the Woodworth patent for planing
boards, &.e.
AUo, the memorial of John C. Hancock, George Ireland,
William G. Ireland, and otheis, citizens of tins county of
Philadelphia, praying tor the extension of the Woodworth
patent lor planing boards, See.
ANo, the memorial of Thomas B. Henderson, Jacob M.
Whartauby, George T. Sorbor, and others, residents of
Germantown, in the eountv of Philadelphia, piaying that
160 acres of land may he granted to the soldiers of the war
of 1812, £t.c.
By Mr. (JOOI)EiVOW: The petition of Joseph H.CIapp
and others, asvjjstnnt mar-dials of Maine, asking additional
compensation lot taking the Seventh Census.
By Mr BARREliE* The petition of numerous citizen;-
of Highland county, Ohio, praying for the construction of a
ship-canal mound the Falls of the St. Mary's nvei,m the
State oI'MicJugan.
Gy Mr. RIDDLE: Joint resolutions of the Senate and
Hou-e of Repnseniatives ol the State of Delaware, upon the
following subject's:
1st The breakwater and haiboi* in tho Delaware hay
and river.
2d. The fortification upon the Pea Patch Island or Fort
Delaware.
iM. The custom house in the Delaware distiict.
Also, a memonal of the Boaid ol Ttade, of Wilmington,
praying Congress to make an appiopnation for a eu^oin-
hoiwi in thf Delaware district.
By Mr. BABCOCK: The petition of 56 citizens of
Oswego, for a Marine Hospital <it Oswego, New York.
Aho. the petition of kWeitizt'ii-j of the pon of Oswego
New York, for the same purpose. '
By Mr. DOTY : The petition of citizens of Wisconsin,
for a grant of land to aid in the conduction of a railroad'
from Chicago to Fond du Lac and Lake Supenor. !
By Mr. WASHBURN": The memorial of Elijah L. Ham- j
tin and 2B9 others, citizens of Bangor, Maine, that the pen- i
won laws may be extended to the case of widows ot revo- :
m9nary b0,(*iers who W('re mamet* subsequently to A. I). '
upon ordering the engrossed bills on the Speaker's
table to be read a third time.
Mr. WARD. I move that we take up the Sen-
ate bill No. 182, for extending the time for selling
the lands granted to the Kentucky Asylum for
teaching the Deaf and Dumb.
Mr. W. said: The time granted by the law,
which passed some ten years ago, in which to dis-
pose of these lands, will expire on the first of next
month. The lands have been all disposed of ex-
cept some refuse lands lying in the State of Flor-
ida. The trustees of the institution have made
exertions to dispose of these lands, but have failed
to do it. They desire an extension of five years,
and 1 hope the House will pass the bill.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 suggest that we shall this
morning take up the business on the Speaker's
table, and dispose of the private bills which are
there.
Mr. WARD. The bill I wish to take up will
not occupy more than five minutes.
Mr. HOUSTON. That is very true; but if
we take up the bills in their order, we will reach
it in less time than that. These bills have all to
be referred; and I ask, if there be no objection,
that it should be done this morning.
•Mr. WARD. Dues the gentleman object ?
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not object to the gen-
tleman's motion.
B\ Mr. CONGER: The memonal of the Zihvaukie,
Grand 1 ravpr*, and Mackinaw Plank Road Company, in
favor oi granting the right of wav and certain public lands
in aid of the construction of said road.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, March 6, 1853.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Rev. L. 1'. Morgan.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order is
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. BEALE. I ask the unanimous consentof
the House to make a personal explanation, which
shall not consume much of the time of the House.
There being no objection, Mr. B. said: The
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Campbell] yesterday
made an observation that none or but few Demo-
crats had refused* to vote for the appiopnation of
overflowed lands of the Mississippi, by the act
passed the last session of Congress, i responded
to him, that I did not so vote. He said that lie
had the Journal before him, and my name was re-
corded for the passage of that law. In examining
the Journal, I find that to be the case. Now, i
declare that the whole drift of my feelings, my in-
ward sentiments, my open declarations, and my
repeated conversations on this floor and elsewhere,
were in hostility to that bill. I went home and
denounced that bill as part and parcel of a system
to vote away the public lands to the Western
States, which belonged to all the people of the
Confederacy. And I ask if I am to be supposed
so inconsistent as this conduct would show me to
be. There is an error in the Journal; and if a
dozen men should get up now and declare that I
voted for that bill at all, I say that the probability
is that I misconceived the question and voted in
mistake. I appeal to the gentleman who roomed
with me the greater portion of two years during
the last Congress, to say whether my sentiments
were not such us I now declare them to be.
Mr HARRIS, of Tennessee. I respond with
pleasure to the call made upon me by the gentle-
man from Virginia, [Mr. Beai.e.] The gentle-
man and myself roomed at the same house during
the last Congress, for the greater portion of the
whole session. I recollect to have had very fre- ■
quent conversations with the gentleman "from
Virginia [Mr. Beale] upon the subject of the
disposition of the public domain. "\Ve differed '
in relation to some of the propositions which
were pending before this House. I recollect that
he expressed very frequently to me his fixed and
settled hostility to this proposition to give to Ar- I
kansas and other States the overflowed lands. :
He was also hostile to the bounty land bill, J
recollect, from frequent conversations, that this was
his position during last Congress. J have no rec-
ollection, however, as to how he voted upon the
bill in question.
] Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I should dislike
:j very much to put the honorable gentleman from I
I, Virginia [Mr. Beale] or any other member of I
j this House, whether a political friend or opponent, '
;i in a false position. I referred to the Journal, and J
'• > stated in genera! terms what was the vote of the ;
! Democratic side of the House upon that question.
'| That was all. J do not understand the honorable
j! gentleman as intimating that I have been guilty of
|[ any improper act m this matter.
:j Mr. BEALE. By 110 means.
_ Mr. CAMPBELL. I am very happy in alTord- ■
jj ing him an opportunity of presenting himself, as ,
^farashemay now, in a proper position in' relation >
to this matter. But the honorable gentleman will
find by reference to the vote of many of his col-
leagues, who have assumed the same general posi-
tion m relation.  
Mr. HOUSTON. I call the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Campbell] to order.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. With the per-
mission of the House, I wish to say a single word
in relation to the subject now before us. I will
say by suggestion to the member from Virginia,
[Mr. Beale,] that in all probability if he would
refer to the original Journal he might find his
name there correctly recorded. Mistakes of this
kind have occurred to me. While the bill was
pending to establish the Department of the Inte-
lior, I was lying in ruy room sick, and remained
there until it was discussed and passed. Upon
examination of the Journal, I found that my name
was recorded upon the passage of the bill, when I
was af home sick. T merely throw this out by
way of suggestion, to show that mistakes of this
kind occur; and, perhaps, by reference to the oii-
ginal Journal, his vote may be found recorded
right.
Mr. HOUSTON. I insist upon the regular or-
der of business.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
On motion by Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois,
by unanimous consent,
Ordered, ThaWeave he granted to withdraw from the
files of the HqHfee the petition and papers in the ca^e of
Jacob Bantayfor the purpose of reference m the Benate.
On motion by Mr. THOMPSON, of Virginia,
by unammous consent,
Ordeyed, That the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions
be discharged from the fuither eonsideiation ot the petition
of Dausilla !!ukev, and that leave be granted to withdraw
the/apers in said cape for the purpose of relerence to one
Lt Jie Executive Department-.'.
RUFUS DWINEL.
The SPEAKER. The question now is upon
i ordering Senate bill No. 88, for the relief of Rufus
Dwinel, to a third reading.
Mr. FICKLIN. I would like to know what
the bill is about. It is to pay a considerable amount
of money.
Mr. FOWLER. The bill has been considered
in Committee of the Whole, where all the facts in
regard to it were elicited; and it was reported with
a recommendation to the House that it do pass.
Mr. FICKLIN. Will the .honorable gentleman
state what the character of the bill is ?
Mr. FOWLER. It is a Senate bill, and Unre-
port can be read if necessary.
The bill was then read. It provides indemnity
to Rufus Dwinel for the violation of his contract
by the Post Office Department for carrying a daily
mall.
Mr. AVERETT. I rise for the purpose of
asking a question of'the chairman of the Com-
mittee 011 the Post Oflice and Post Roads, [Mr.
■ Olds,] as to the character of the contract made by
; the Department with the parties here. I wish to
i know if there was not in the contract an express
j reservation of the right of the Department to lessen
or increase the service, by paying to the con-
tractor a pro rata allowance for any increase or
diminution of the service. This is an important
inquiry; for I find, in regard to the establishment
of post offices and post routes and the change of
transportation, that the contractors are coming in
and presenting their petitions for extra compensa-
tion, upon the ground that their services are too
onerous. I wish to know if there is not an ex-
press reservation to determine the right to vary the
compensation according to the service rendered.
Mr. OLDS. I will reply to the inquiries of the
honorable gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Aier-
ett.] In all the present contracts made by the
post office department for carrying the mails, such
a reservation as that he has named is made: but
this form of contract is of recent date. I n all former
contracts no such reservation was made, and m
the contract upon which this lull is predicated, no
such reservation was made. The whole argument
of this case consists in this fact.
Mr. HOUSTON. Before the gentleman passes
from the point of contract, f would like to pro-
pound a question to lum also; v. bethel* at the date
of the present contract the law did not itself con-
stitute a part of the contract, and authorize the
Postmaster General either to curtail the service or
take it away entirely, and if that law did not give
the contractor also, wherever service was stopped
