1598
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 22,
; Sec. \X,Jln&bcib farther enacted^ That before, the Sec-
retary of the Treasury shall procure or erect the buildings
' provided foe m the second seetion'of this act, or commence
' operations under any of the provisions of the same, at San
• Francisco, State of California, it shall first be his duty to
m<ike a contract, or contracts, for the erection of said build-
ings,and procuring the machinery,necessary for the opera-
tions of said Mint, at a sum or sums which shall not in the
whole exceed the sum of $300,000, which said contract, or
contracts, shall be secured by good and sufficient sureties,
to the satisfaction of the said Secretary of the Treasury and
the President &t the United States."
The question was then taken oa this proposed
amendment, and it was agreed to.
Mr. McCORKLE. There is another, amend-
ment which was offered by the chairman of the
- committee.
The SPEAKER. The amendment referred to
by the gentleman from California [Mr. McCorkle]
is not in order, except by the unanimous consent
of the House.
Mr. McCORKLE. I ask unanimous consent
to.introduce the amendment.
■ The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Cali-
fornia asks the unanimous consent of the House
to propose an amendment, which will be read for
information.
TheClerk accordingly read the proposed amend-
ment, which is as follows:
Stiike oat section nine, and insert:
%And be it further enacted, That so much of the act enti-
tled " An act making appropriations for the civil and diplo-
matic expenses of Government for the year ending 30th of
June, 1851,and for other purposes," approved 30th of Sep-
tember, 1851, as provides lor the appointment of a United
States assayer, and for contracting for tiie assaying and
, fixing the value of gold ingrain and lumps, and in forming
the same into bars, be and the whole of the said clause is
hereby repealed.
[Cries "Agreed ! " Agreed!"]
Mr. JONES. What is the ninth section which
is proposed to be stricken out?
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
ninth section.
The Clerk accordingly read the section, which
is as follows:
Sec, 9. And be it further enacted, That so soon as the
said branch Mint is established in the State of California,
and public notice shall be given thereof, and of the mode to
be designed by the Secretary of the Treasury, then so much
of the act making appropriation for the civil and diplomatic
expenses of the Government for the year ending June 30th
1851, and for other purposes, as provides for the appointment
of a United States assayer, and the contracting (or the as-
saying, and fixing the valuation of gold in grains and lumps,
and for forming the same into bars, bo, and the whole of the
clause containing said provisions, shall be hereby repealed.
Mr. JONES. I think the ninth section is bet-
ter than the amendment. The object of the
amendment, if I understand it, is to repeal the as-
saying office as soon as this bill passes.
Mr. McCORKLE. That is the object of my
amendment.
Mr. JONES. I object to the introduction of
the amendment.
Mr. McCORKLE. If thegentleman vi^ill allow
me to explain, I think there will be no further
trouble about the amendment.
' Mr. HUNTER. I object.
The SPEAKER. It is objected to on the left
of the Chair.
Mr. McCORKLE. I hope the gentleman {Mr.
Hunter] will withdraw his objection. I will raise
a question of order in relation to this matter. This
amendment was offered at my request, by the
chairman of the Committee on Ways and Means,
before the previous-question was demanded. It is
therefore in order.
Mr. HUNTER. If the gentleman wishes to
occupy a few moments in explanation, I will with-
draw my objection.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. .Tones] withdraw his objection?
Mr. JONES. I cannot withdraw my objection
to the introduction of the amendment, but I have
no objection to allowing' the gentleman to explain.
Mr. McCORKLE. In offering the proposed
amendment, I only consult the interest of the
miners, the laboring men of California. They are
immediately interested in the repeal of the law
creating the '«assay office" in California, while
the bankers, brokers, and those interested in the
assaying business, desire to prolong its existence.
The only change m the Senate "bill which my
amendment will effect is this,and'l hold it to be a
most important one, for the simple reason that
unless it is made, there will be as great a delay in
putting the Mint in full operation by the present
Administration, as there has been in all other mat-
ters in California, in which interests of great mag-
nitude are involved, and for which appropriations
have been made, and not, as yet, expended.
The delay in the passage of this bill by the
House, which was sent to us from the Senate on
the 15th of December last, has been occasioned by
those interested in the perpetuation of the assay
office in San Francisco, out of which they are and
have been realizing fortunes ^t the expense of the
Union.
The only effect of my amendment will- be, to
stop at once the operations of the assay office,
which is flooding California with a currency which
is spurious, and which must and will depreciate
in the hands of the miner. The banker and broker
never lose by these operations. They are keen
of scent, and are-always on the look-out, and are
seldom caught napping; while the laborer, and
in this case the miner, is sure to be caught, and
must suffer the loss.
By the clause creating the assay office, the
miners of California are taxed two and three quar-
ters per cent, for the assayingof their gold, whilst
to them no process-table advance is made in the
marketable value of their gold dust.
Mr. JONES, (interrupting.) I will ask the
gentleman from California, how they will get their
gold assayed from the time this bill passes, until
the Mint goes into operation, if his amendment is
adopted? v
Mr. McCORKLE. In reply to the gentleman
from Tennessee, I will say, that the miners of
California do no-t, and never have had, as a gen-
eral thing, their gold assayed at this institution.
Those interested in the assay office, which is
owned by capitalists on this side of the continent,
have the money, and send their " runners " into
the mines, to purchase " the dust" at sixteen dol-
lars per ounce, and under the unwarranted and un-
constitutional order of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, coin it into fives, tens, and twenties, put it
into circulation, and realize out of the transaction
an amount which would surprise men of moderate
fortunes in this country.
Mr. JONES. Then the miners can wait for the
Mint.
Mr. McCORKLE. The miners can well afford
to wait for the Mint, if the Administration favor the
continuance of the assay office, and defer the es-
tablishment of the branch Mint. All that a Dem-
ocratic Congress can do, is to make the appropri-
ation necessary to establish and put in operation
a branch Mint in California; but a Whig Admin-
istration may delay in this case, as they have in
the erection of light-houses, the execution of the
law for twenty months. The miners may not be
able to wait, and if they do, may lose money by
the operation.
The miners themselves do not generally have
their gold assayed, but it is bought up by the
agents of the assay office, and being coined as
directed by theSecietary of the Treasury, is put.
into circulation, and when the coin as authorized
by this law is put into circulation, this spurious
coinage must fall to a still lower discount than it is
as present quoted in the money articles of the New
York Herald, an authority that no one convers-
ant with such affairs will dispute.
The New York Herald quotes the gold assayed
by this assay office in the banks in New York
at one half percent, discount, an<M am informed
by citizens of California, that in Central America
and South America, it is at ten per cent, dis-
count. This loss, which must inevitably fall back
upon the miners of California, is what I want to pre-
vent. It is true that by the unconstitutional " cir-
cular," of the Secretary of theTreasury, this coin
is received in payment of Government dues; and
customs at San Francisco may keep this coin
issued by this assay machine "at par" in that
State for a short time. Yet it is inevitable that
when this "order" is reversed, as it must be, and
as it ought to be, in justice to the other States,
this same coin must depreciate to the expense of
the miner.
I would, Mr. Speaker, continue an explanation
of this amendment, only that I fear that my re-
marks may delay the passage of this hill, which
is of the last importance to my constituents in
any shape. But m justice to the people of Cali-
fornia, whom I have the honor to represent, I must
say to the gentlemen who desire the continuance
of the assay office, that the tax of one per cent, as
seigniorage is a small item as compared with the
cost to the miner for the delivery of his gold dust
in the Mint in Philadelphia or New Orleans. We
have paid heretofore at the rate of fifteen per cent.
Under the law of the United States one half of
one per cent, is all that is charged; but owing to
the failure of Congress to establish a branch Mint
in California, the miner of California has suffered
a loss of fifteen per cent.; which, on the aggregate
amount of gold produced per annum in that State,
amounts to millions each year.
I would, Mr. Speaker, continue these remarks,
but I fear it may open a debate which will delay
the passage of this bill. The delay of Congress
to pas$ this bill has cost the people, the miners, of
California five hundred thousand dollars per
month.
As evidence of this fact, I now read the report
of the committee of the Legislature of California
on this subject;
" During a portion of the period of the above shipments,
the value of gold dust, in this State, averaged sixteen dol-
lars per ounce; and the balance of the time sixteen dollars
and.fifty-five cents per ounce. During all this time, the
average value of the same metal, at the United States Mint,
was eighteen dollars and thirty-two cents per ounce.
" Thus, it will be seen, that a loss has been sustained by
the producers and laborers of California, by the difference
in the amount actually received for gold dust, taking the
highest estimate ($16 55) and its true value, ($1832,)
which is the amount they should have received,'during the
year 1850, of at lf-ast five millions three hundred thousand
dollars ($5,300,000;) during the year 3851, about seven
millions, ($7,000,000,) and that during the year 1852, it
will not fall short of nine millions ($9,000,000) of dollars.
It needs no argument to prove that these immense losses
have actually been sustained, and that the present system
operates as a tax, to the amount named, upon the labor
and industry of the State.
"The astounding fact that in a period of three years, the
laborers of California have been taxed to an amount ex-
ceeding twenty-one millions of dollars, ($21,000,000,) and
that that tax or loss has arisen from the want of a Mint,
within this State, your committee judge should of itvelf be
sufficient to induce immediate and liberal action upon this
all-important measure."
The immense loss thus sustained by the miner
is, on this side of the continent, almost incredible.
The following letter from the Superintendent of
the Mint in Philadelphia, will show that what I
have said is correct, in that the coin issued by the
assay office, under the circular of the Treasury,
is not received in bank at New York at par.
Head the following letter from the Superintendent
of the Mint in Philadelphia:
Mint of the United States, )
Philadelphia, June 7, 1852. y
J. Thompson, Esq., Bullion Broker, No. 2 Wall street,
New York—L)ear Sir : A heavy pressure of business, con-
sequent upon a large arrival of California gold, prevented
me from answering on Saturday your note of the fourth
instant, which, with the depq^itf theiein named, were re-
ceived on that day. The directions we are unable to com-
ply with j nor would your object have been attained even
if they had been. One hundred dollars is the minimum
fixed by law for a separate deposit and assay ; and as only
two-of your parcels of coin reached that amount, the rest
had to be thrown together, or returned. Now, as every lot
of coin made in California (and it would scarcely be going
too far to say every coin) varies in " intrinsic value" with
the gold of which it happens to be made, and the propor-
tion of silver contained therein, an assay, such 'as you
desiie, would not, and could not, give the requisite inform-
ation. Under these cncumstances. it was deemed most
for your interest to make one assay of the coins and another
of the grams.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
E. C. DALE, Treasurer.
This shows that the coin, as assayed in Cali-
fornia, is not equal to the coin as recognized at the
Mint. The bankers of New York, on Wall
street, of whose operations the New York Herald
gives the best and truest account, I rely upon.
This comes as the true account, as I place more
reliance, and have more confidence in the money
articles of the Herald, than any other paper in the
country.
The people of California have lost, in conse-
quence of the delay to pass the Mint bill, on#mil-
lion of dollars, and if this Mint is put in operation
by the Administration as soon as it ought to be,
the people of California will be saved millions of
dollars. But as I know that an objection will
prevent its passage, I have no hope among men
w ho do not understand the condition of things in
my State.
I hope the gentleman from Tennessee will recall
his amendment.
Mr. HOUSTON. I wish to state to the House
and the gentleman from Tennessee, that before
calling for the previous question, at the request of
the gentleman who has just addressed us, I did
submit this motion. At the time I, of course,
doubted whether it wa« in order. I offered it pre-
