1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
687
under the contract, a certain extra compensation
of one or two months, according to the law? Al-
though it may not be in the body of the contract,
yet such was the law. I have no doubt about the
fact; the law constitutes a part of the contract in
this case. I desire further to know whether the
contractor could not get the month's extra pay
after the suspension of compensation for his ser-
vices ?
Mr. OLDS. The gentleman from Alabama,
[Mr. Houston,] I think, mistakes the nature of
the contract upon which this bill is predicated.
The law is, that where, in the opinion of the De-
partment, it becomes necessary to suspend a con-
tract of the character made, it provides for the
allowanceof one month's,or perhaps three month?s
extra pay. But this is not a suspension of a con-
tract for carrying the mail. It was a contract to
carry a daily mail, if I recollect right, from cer-
tain points. The Post Office Department became
embarrassed under the administration of Mr. Bar-
ry. This contractor was a special friend of Mr. Bar-
ry. The Postmaster General sent his special
agent, Mr. Brown, to this gentleman, and re-
quested him to consent to an abatement of the ser-
vice—that is, carrying the mail twice a week, in-
stead of daily, promising him that if he kept his
stock upon the road, as he actually did, or if he
made sacrifices in disposing of his stock at a most
unsaleable season, that so soon as the temporary
embarrassment of the Post Office Department
should be removed that he should be relieved and
paid the full price of his contract, or full remuner-
ation for all losses sustained in this abatement of
service.
This gentleman received from the Department
pro rata pay for the service performed under this
pledge, given by the Department to pay in full,
after the embarrassment of the Department had
been removed. When, however, Mr. Kendall
came into office, he held these contractors to the
strict letter of the law. There was no evidence
upon the books of the Post Office Department as
a matter of course of this agreement made between
O. B. Brown and this contractor for carrying the
mail. Mr. Kendall refused to make any allow-
ance, but held him to receiving his pro rata pay,
which would bring this contractor some §900 in
debt to the Department. This contractor asked
that the suit should be commenced against him for
the $900 in the United States court for the Dis-
trict of Columbia, and the Department was repre- j
sented by the District Attorney. The evidence 1
was adduced, and 0. B. Brown was put upon the
stand, and testified fully that he had been author-
ized by Mr. Barry to say to this contractor that
he should, so soon as the temporary embarrass-
ment of the Post Office Department was removed,
receive his full compensation, in accordance with
the terms of his contract. Upon the evidence
adduced at the trial, and under the instruction of
the court, a verdict was rendered; and upon that
verdict this bill is predicated. If does not allow
the interest allowed by the jury on the trial from
1837 to the time of rendering the judgment; but it
is merely for the payment of the money which
was found to be due upon the trial, and to which
this contractor, under the express arrangement
between him and Mr. Brown, was entitled.
Mr. FICKLIN. With the permission of the
honorable chairman of the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, 1 wish to propound this
question: Whether this contractor receives, by the
bill, the full amount that he would have received
if he had carried the mail regularly all the time?
Mr. OLDS. He did not get paid in full; but
this bill provides full payment, abating the in-
terest
Mr*. HOUSTON. With the permission of the
chairman on the Post Office and Roads, 1 under-
stand from the report that thy service was stopped
entirely. That was the reason why I propounded
the question I did. The report says that the ser-
vice was suspended.
Mr. OLDS. You have mistaken the language
of the report.
Mr. WASHBURN. I am acquainted with
this case, and with the parties to it. There was,
as I understand it—I may be mistaken, but I think
not—a suspension of the service; but inasmuch as
that could not be done by the contractor without
total ruin to himself, he kept the route going, and
I belie\e, in reality, carried the mail for the whole
time, although not under a contract with the Gov-
ernment. He did this upon assurances made to
him by Mr. Brown, that when the Department
should be disembarrassed, they would pay him
The Department was very much embarrassed at
the time, and found it necessary to make the
change.
I will state further, that in order to enable Col-
onel Thomas to go on with the contract, he bor-
rowed money of this petitioner, Dwinel, and other
gentlemen in that section, and he was in fact nearly
ruined by reason of the non-fulfillment of its con-
tract by the Government. Mr. Dwinel receives,
by this bill, no interest upon the money which he
has advanced for this object; and in consequence
of the non-fulfillment of its contract by the Gov-
ernment, the original contractor has been embar-
rassed and nearly ruined. It is a very just case,
and I think there can be no doubt about its
merits.
The bill was then read a third time and passed.
Mr. FOWLER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed, and to lay the mo-
tion to reconsider on the table; which latter motion
was agreed to.
The following House bills, reported from a Com-
mittee of the Whole House, without amendment,
were then taken up, and ordered to be engrossed;
and being engrossed, were read a third time and
passed, viz;:
No. 139. A bill to authorize the issuing of a
register to the brig America.;
No. 140. A bill for the relief of William S.
Payne;
No. 142. A bill to authorize the registry of the
brig Kossuth; and
No. 148. A bill for the relief of Andrew Smith.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing messages heretofore received from the
President of the United States;
To the House of Representatives :
In compliance with the ie?olu ion of the House of Repre-
sentatives of the 17th ultimo, T tinn^nnt herewith a report
flora the Secretary of the Navy, and a repoit from the So-
licitor of the Treasury Department, in relation to the ac-
counts of Piosper M. Wetmore, late navy agent in the
cuv of New Yoik. MILLARD FILLMOllE.
Washington, Match. 4th, 1852.
On motion by Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York,
it was
Ordered, That the said message and accompanying docu-
ments be laid on the tabic, and be printed.
To the Senate and
House of Representatives of the United States;
In compliance with the provisions of the act of Congress
of the 11th of August, 1848,1 transmit to that body the
copy of a dispatch lrorn the Commi^sionei nrf interim of
the United States at Canton, togethei with the copy of cer-
tain rules and regulations tor masteis, officers, and seamen
of vessels of the United States of America, at the tree poit«
of China, which accompanied said dispatch, and which are
submitted for the revision of Congress.
MILLARD FILLMORE.
Washington, March 4th, 1859.
On motion^by Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York,
it was
Ordered, That the said message and accompanying doc-
uments be referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
printed.
Also a communication from the Secretary of the
Treasury asking an appropriation to pay the sal-
ary of D. V. Whitney, Esquire while acting as
Secretary of the Treasury of the Territory of
New Mexico; which was referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, and ordered to be
printed.
Also, a communication from the Engineer De-
partment enclosing a conditional cadet appoint-
ment for Haider B. Lyon; which was referred to
the proper committee.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
memorial, and the proceedings of a meeting of the
citizens of Detroit in relation to the Irish patriots,
O'Brien, Mitchell, and others.
Mr. STUART. I move that that communica-
tion be laid upon the table, and be printed.
Mr. HAVEN. I move to refer it to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs, without printing.
The question was first taken upon the motion
to lay upon the table and print, and it was not
agreed to.
The communication was then referred to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs.
SENATE BILLS REFERRED.
Senate bill No. 27, being an act tu amend an act
entitled " An act to authorize notaries public to
take and certify oaths, affirmations, and acknowl-
edgments in certain cases," was taken from" the
Speaker's table, read a first and second time by its
title, and referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
Senate bill No. 63, being an act to grant to the
city of Burlington, Iowa, the land heretofore re-
served between that city and theMississippi river,
was next taken up and read a first and second
time.
Mr. CLARK. I ask that the bill may now be
put upon its passage. Jt concerns only the people
of the town of Burlington. Beyond the original
line of the town, between the town and the Mis-
sissippi, there is a strip of land reserved which
has become greater by accretions. The people of
that city now ask that they may have leave to sell
the land. That is the sum and substance of the
bill, and I presume no gentleman upon this floor
will object to it.
Mr. FOWLER. Will the gentleman from
Iowa tell us how much land it is proposed to grant?
Mr. CLARK. The quantity is very .small in-
deed.
Mr. FOWLER. A thousand acres?
Mr. CLARK. Not half of that I presume. It
is a mere local question in which no one has any
interest except the people of that city.
Mr. KING, of New York. I think bills of this
character ought first to go to committees, f move
that it be referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
The question was then taken, and the bill was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
DEAF AND DUMB ASYLUM IN KENTUCKY.
Senate bill No. 182, beiiig an act to extend the
time for selling the lands granted to the Kentucky
Asylum for teaching the Deaf and Dumb, was
taken up, and read a first and second time by its
title.
Mr. WARD. I desire to have that bill acted
upon immediately. The limitations upon that
grant, provide that it shall revert back to the Gen-
eral Government, unless disposed of sometime
during the present month. I hope the bill will be
acted upon and passed immediately. The trustees
of that institution have attempted to sell the land,
but have failed to do it.
Mr. CABELL, of Florida. I move that the bill
be referred to the Committee on Public Lands. I
will state that thegrant of land, the time for the sale
of which this bill proposes to extend, was made to
the Deaf and Dumb Asylum, in the State of Ken-
tucky, in the year 1826. They have had from
that time to tins to sell the land, but they have not
done it; and they hold them to the detriment of
the people of my own State. The people of Flor-
ida are very anxious that they should sell them.
| The Government have extended the time for selling
j the lands, for five years and ten years at a time,
j down to thepresenttime. As a Representative from
; the State of Florida, I protest against the passage
I of this bill. At all events, I hope it will be referred
I to the appropriate committee, and be properly
1 considered, before the House takeany final action
upon it. I move that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. WARD. I hope and trust that the pro-
; posed reference will not be acceded to. I acknowl-
■ edge that the grant was made in 1826. But the
failure in its sale was not the fault of the Deaf and
I Dumb Asylum. The grant was made in 1820;
j but in the mean time, Florida was in a condition
that no one was willing to buy lands in that State;
' But those lands have now become somewhat val-
1 uable. Now, I hope and trust that for an object
of charity so universally acknowledged as that,
: no member of this House will refuse to vote for
i the passage—and the immediate passage—of this
, bill.
i Mr. CABELL. These lands have been held by
I the trustees of that institution, and the reason why
; they have not been sold is, that they have been
i held at an exorbitant priee. They have held them
! at an enormous price, while the people of Florida
! have sold their own lands and the lands of the
i Government have been sold at half the price, or at
least, for very much less.
: But it is not stated what is the quantity of lands
: proposed to be granted by the bill; yet, the House
i is asked to make this further extension, although
it has already extended for nearly thirty years.
!, This we are asked to do without any informa' .on
j' as to the quantity of lands involved in the j ro-
,/
