1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1599
vious to my calling for the previous question, and
no objection was made. I am disposed to admit
the amendment, although I shall vote against the
bill under existing circumstances.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's amendment
did not form a part of the committee's report, and
was not, therefore, in order, except by unanimous
consent; and the gentleman from Tennessee ob-
jects to its introduction.
Mr. CARTTER. Is it in order to move a re-
consideration to the second to the call for the pre-
vious question, with a view to the introduction of
the amendment?
The SPEAKER. After the gentleman has re-
considered all the intermediate votes of the House
it will be in order.
Mr. CARTTER. Do I understand the Chair
to state this amendment was offered before the call
for the previous question ? 1
The SPEAKER. It was not in order to sub-
mit the amendment-, for the reason that there were
a number of amendments already pending, which
were reported from the Ways and Means Commit-
tee; and, until they were disposed of, this amend-
ment could not be in order.
Mr. CARTTER. Was objection interposed to
its introduction at that time?
The SPEAKER. It was not received in order
at that time. The Chair so stated. There can be
no question in regard to the point of order.
The bill as amended was then ordered to a third
reading; and, being read a third time, and the
amendments engrossed, was passed.
Mr. MARSHALL, of California. I move to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move tlfat the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I move that
the House do now adjourn.
The question was taken, and the House refused
to adjourn.
CONTESTED-ELECTION CASE AGAIN.
Mr. MARSHALL, of California. I rise to a
privileged motion. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the House postponed the consideration
of the Pennsylvania contested-election case to a
day certain.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I trust that will
not be done. I do not see the chairman or the
members of his committee in their seats.
Mr. HOUSTON. Were I aware of the desire
of gentlemen to consider this contested-election
case, I would not have submitted the motion to go
into the Committee of the Whole. 1 withdraw
my motion.
The question was then put on the motion to re-
consider the vote by which the Pennsylvania con-
tested-election case was postponed; and upon a di-
vision, there were—ayes 82, noes 59.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Georgia, demanded the yeas
and nays; which vere ordered.
Mr. ALLISON, moved that the House do now
adjourn; which motion was agreed to.
And the House therefore adjourned till to-mor-
row, at twelve o'clock, m.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions, memorials:, Sec., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. ALLEN, of Illinois: The petition of Thomas S.
Mitchell and 91 others, citizens of Saline county, Illinois,
siskins that mail route No. 4,188. fiom McLanesboro', in
Hamilton county, Illinois, to Raleigh, m Saline county, in
said Stale, be evt« nded by way of Bankston atirl Somerset
post offices to Elizabethtown, Hardin county, Illinois.
Also, the petition of James McFarland and 92 others,
citizens of Hardin county, Illinois, on the same subject.
Bv Mr. APPLTSTGN1, of Maine : The memorial of Hon.
Albion K. Parris and others, of Portland, Maine, asking a
giant of land to the State ot Maine, m trust, to aid in the
construction of the European and North American Rail-
vvav
By Mr. CHANDLER: The memorial of Jane Hearsy,
askin? Congress! to provide for paying to her the amount
due on Treasury bonds.
By Mr. FLOYD : The petition of citizens of Greenport
and Bag Harbor, New York, for a spindle on Plum Inland
reef.
IN SENATE. |
Wednesday, June 23, 1852. 1
Prayer by the Rev. Littleton F. Morgan.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of the Interior,
made in compliance with a resolution of the Sen-
ate for information whether any steps were taken
to investigate the charges ^preferred by Colonel
McClellan against the Commissioner to run and
mark the boundary between the United States
and Mexico; stating thai there had been no reg-
ular arraignment and trial of the Commissioner to
run and mark the boundary line between the
United States and Mexico on the charges pre-
ferred against him by Colonel McClellan, but that
the Secretary of the Interior did, however, make
such an investigation of them as to satisfy himself
thatthey were preferred under such circumstances,
and sustained by such testimony as not to demand
a more formal examination.
The report was ordered to be laid on the table
and printed.
Also, a communication from the Secretary of
"War, made in compliance with a resolution ot the
Senate of the 19th instant for information in rela-
tion to the construction of a canal across the pen-
insula of Florida, transmitting a report of Colonel
J. J. Abert, of the Bureau of Topographical En-
gineers, in answer to the above resolution, and
referring to public documents containing the in-
formation called for; which was ordered to be laid
on the table and printed.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. FISH presented the memorial of Isaac D.
Boyce, praying the payment of his claim against
the Government of Mexico for spoliations; which
was referred to the select committee appointed on
the subject.
Mr. BELL presented the petition of Charles D.
Maxwell, piaying to be allowed the difference
between the pay of an assistant surgeon and that
of a surgeon on board the United States ship
Cyane, from December 22, 1845, to the 24th of
May, 1848, during which time he performed the
duties of surgeon; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. SOULE presented the petition of Joseph
Troskolawski, praying to be allowed additional
compensation for surveying certain public lands;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Also, a memorial of Daniel Collins, praying the
payment of his claim against the Government of
Mexico for the seizure and condemnation of the
brig Splendid; which was referred to the select
committee appointed on the subject of claims
against Mexico.
Also, a memorial of George Foster & Co., C.
B. Broadweil & Co., A. F. Cochran & Co., and
Cotchfctt & Chapman, praying that the duties paid
by them on American casks, or barrels, may be
refunded; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. MORTON presented the petition of Colo-
nel Dempsey Pittman, praying compensation for
military services rendered in the service of the
United States, by order of the Governor of Flor-
ida, in the year 1838; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. FELCH presented a memorial of citizens
of Monroe county, Michigan, representing that
great hardship and injustice would result from
selling the public lands in that county, according
to the present system, and praying special pro-
vision by law for their sale; which was referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. BRODHEAD presented the memorial of
Robert Bell and others, praying a modification of
the late bounty land law; which was referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Also, the memorial of A. W. Ii. Paine, pray-
ing indemnity for spoliations by the French prior
to 1800; winch was ordered to be laid on the table.
Mr. SEWARD presented a petition of citizens
of Rochester, New York, praying that land may
be granted to actual settlers in limited quantities;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. DOUGLAS presented a memorial of in-
habitants of the Territory of New Mexico, pray-
ing protection against hostile Indians; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. BORLAND presented the memorial of
Mary Ann H. Ridgely, praying that the pension
she now receives may be continued for life; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES*
Mr. CLEMENS, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, to which "was referred the pe-
tition of Jefferson Wilson, administrator of Han-
nah A. Wray, deceased, reported a bill for his re-
lief; which was read and passed to the second
reading.
Mr. SOULE, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to which was referred the bill to improve
the navigation of the Upper Mississippi, reported
back the same with an amendment.
Mr. FELCH, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to which was referred sundry memorials
| praying for a modification of the bounty land law,
j asked to be discharged from the further consider-
ation thereof; which was agreed to.
| He also, from the same committee, to which
| was referred the memorial of the Board of Edu-
! cation of the State of Michigan, a petition of the
! present and late officers of the land office at Ionia,
j Iowa; the memorial of D. M. Smith; the me-
| monal of the Board of Trustees of the Protestant
j University of the United States, at Cincinnati,
Ohio; antl the memorial of the Trustees of the
! Miami University, praying grants of land for
| educational purposes; together with a resolution of
| the Legislature of Massachusetts, in favor of an
| appropriation of public land to establish and endow
j a National Normal Agricultural College, asked
■ to be discharged from the further consideration
| thereof.
i On the subject of these grants of land to sepa-
! rate institutions, the honorable gentleman said, a
i report was made last year, showing that the whole
1 matter had been thoroughly investigated; and the
j view of the committee is, that the grants for this
I purpose having always heretofore been made to
! States, and not to different institutions, they rec-
® ommend that the same course be-adopted now.
\ The motion was agreed to.
i Mr. FELCH also, from the same committee,
to which was referred the bill to authorize pay-
ment by the surveyor general of California for the
surveys which may be executed, of any claims
which have been or may be presented to the Board
of Land Commissioners for adjudication, under the
act of Congress, approved the 2d March, 1851, to
ascertain and settle the private land claims in the
State of California, reported back the same with
amendments.
Mr. MASON, from the Committee on Foreign
Relations, to which was referred a message from
the President of the United States, with a report
of the Secretary of State, accompanied by a com-
munication from the Spanish Minister, claiming
indemnity for Spanish subjects who sustained in-
jury in the popular tumult at New Orleans, in Au-
gust last, submitted a report, accompanied by a
joint resolution for the relief of the Spanish Consul,
and other subjects of Spain, residing at New Or-
leans, and of subjects of Spain residing at Key
West, by indemnity for losses occasioned by the
violence of the mob in the year 1852; which was
read and passed to the second reading. The re-
port was ordered to be printed,
CASE OF MARY WOODWARD.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, from the Committee on
Pensions, to which was referred the petition of
Mary Woodward, widow of a lieutenant in the
revenue service, praying a pension, submitted a
report, accompanied by a bill for her relief; which
was read, and passed to the second reading. The
report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. GWIN. 1 hope the Senate will permit me
to ask the consideration of that bill now. It grants
but a small pension, and was drawn up in strict
conformity with the recommendation of the Aud-
itor. The pension is asked for in consequence of
the loss of the husband of the petitioner, by
drowning, while engaged in the public service, in
California. I am exceedingly anxious that it
should be acted upon now, and 1 hope the unani-
mous consent of the Senate will be given. The
chairman of the committee knows that the bill is
drawn up in strict conformity with the recom-
mendation of the Auditor.
There being no objection made, the bill was
lead a second time,and considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole.
It proposes to give authority to the Secretary of
the Interior to place on the pension roll the name
of Mary Woodward, widow of Lieutenant Wood-
ward, (who was drowned in California on the 5th
of November, 1850,) at the rate of $30 per month,
to continue to be paid to her during her widow*
