;I600
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 23.
hood; and after her death or intermarriage, to be
: paid to her children, until they arrive at the age of
> sixteen years, according to,the provisions of the
act-of 11th August, 1848. .
Mr. SHIELDS. I do not want to object to
- that' bill, but 4 would like to have something like
..uniformity in. matters of this kind. This, how-
: ever, is a bill which I think goes a little further
'than anything which has ever come before the
.Senate. " ' .
Mr. GWIN. Will the Senator from Illinois
be good enough to state in what respect this bill
,is different from anything that has ever come be-
fore the Senate?,
• Mr. SHIELDS. It gives a pension of $30 per
month to the widow of a. revenue officer, during
.her widowhood; and then gives it to her children,
. after her marriage, until they are sixteen years pf
age. I am quite willing that we should have a
general law embracing similar cases. I see great
difficulty in legislating upon these particular cases.
This goes further than anything that has yet
come before the Senate, so far as my experience
goes. It is well known that I never make any
objection to subjects of this kind, unless I have
reason to fear that other equally meritorious cases
may be injured thereby. If we go too far I fear
there may be a reaction. That is what I dread.
" Mr. JONES, of Iowa. The Committee on
Pensions have already, I think, reported a bill,
■ or, at all events, have instructed the Senator from
Missouri [Mr. Geyer] to report a general bill
giving pensions for life to the widows, as long as
. they remain such, and to their children, if they
marry again, of those who lost their lives in the
service of their country. That bill, I believe, will
not authorize the payment of a pension to the
widow of an officer in the revenue service, and
hence it is, that we report a special bill in this
case. There is no objection, in the mind of the
committee, as to the propriety of giving the pen-
sion, and I hope the bill will be passed now.
Mr. GWIN. This bill is for a particular claim
which has been recommended by the Auditor, and
it is drawn up in exact accordance with his recom-
mendation. it was framed in his office. He
says it is a meritorious claim, and ought to be
paid. I have here his letter; and the bill, as I
have said, has been drawn up in exact accordance
with it, and has reference to the law of 1848.
The Senator from Illinois is altogether mistaken
in saying that there is anything new in the mat-
ter, because the Auditor refers to the law, and the
bill has been drawn up so as to make it come
within the purviews of it.
Mr. SHIELDS. My only objection to the bill
is on the ground which I have stated, it provides
for giving a pension to the widow of an officer for
life. Am I correct in that?
- Mr. GWIN. Ng,, sir, it provides for giving it
to her until her marriage. It is in exact accord-
ance with the act of 1848, giving pensions to the
widows of other officers of the Navy of the Uni-
ted States.
Mr. SHIELDS. I hold that whether m the
Army or Navy, the widows should be put on the
same footing. " If we pass a special bill, to give a
widow a pension for life in tliis particular case,
why not in every other case? 1 have thought of
this thing for some time, and have expected that
the Committee on Pensions would take into con-
sideration the whole subject, and let us pass some
genera! bill embracing all these cases. I have al-
ready stated that I think minors, m certain cases,
should receive pensions, and so should the
widows; but here is a case where the widow is to
be pensioned for life; and, as I understand, the
children, after her death, are to be pensioned until
they arrive at the age of sixteen. If we establish
this as a precedent,'why not apply it to all cases >
If it be just in one case, it is just in another; and
all I ask is, that we should have some general
principle, by which we might understand what we
are doing. 1 would therefore suggest to the friends
of the bill, either to let it he over for the present,
or, as the chairman of the Committee on Pensions
states that there is a general bill before the Senate,
embracing thp same principle 
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. But not applying to
this case.
Mr. SHIELDS. Why is it not made to apply
to allsuch cases? I shall take occasion, then, to
endeavor to'amend the bill, and make it apply to
all such cases; because, if we go into the general
system, it should embrace the officers of the Army
and of the Navy, and of the revenue service, and
all. I move to lay the bill on the table.
Mr. GWIN. I hope the Senator will withdraw
that motion, for he evidently does not understand
the bill; and I want the Senate to understand it
before acting on the motion.
Mr. SHIELDS. I withdraw it.
Mr. GWIN. The Senator mistakes the tenor
of the bill. I have here the letter of the Commis-
sioner of Pensions, in regard to the case on which
this bill is founded, which I will read to the Senate:
Pension Office, June 21, 1852.
Sir : The petition of Mary Woodward, widow of the
late Lieutenant Kirby J. Woodward, of the United States
revenue service, referred by you to this office, for " any in-
formation or suggestions "which I may deem proper to com-
municate, and ttie papers accompanying the frame, came
daly to hand ; m answer to which 1 have to slate, that al-
though her claim is not of a character, or supported by evi-
dence such as to justify the Commissioner ot Pensions in
the allowance of a pension, yet it appears to be a ineiitori
ous case, and, as such, should, in my opinion, be allowed
by Congress.
The only alteration that I would suggest, as proper to
be made in the bill, (a copy of which I have before me,) is,
that the compensation be at the rate of $30 per month, which
is the pension now allowed by law to the widow ot a lieu-
tenant commanding ill the United States Navy, and to be
continued to her during her widowhood, and after her death,
or intermarriage, to be paid to her children until they re-
spectively arrive at sixteen years of age, agreeably to the
provisions of the act of 11th of August, 1848.
The petition and papers forwarded by j ou to tins office
are herewith returned.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient
servant, J. E. HEATH, Commissioner of Pensions.
Hon. Geo. tV. Jones,
Chairman Committee on Pensions, U. S. Senate.
Mr. DAVIS. This bill was reported from the
Committee on Pensions. Is that committee aware
that the revenue service does not belong to the
military department ?
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. Certainly.
Mr. DAVIS. It belongs to the civil depart-
ment of the Government. It will be the introduc-
tion very clearly of a new principle to undertake
to pension the civil department of the Government.
I think that should be pretty well considered be-
fore we adopt the principle.
Mr. HALE. There has been—either last Con-
gress or this, lam not certain which—adeparture,
and but a single departure from the exception sug-
gested by the Senator from Massachusetts; and if
this case comes up to that, I am willing to go for
it. That was this: where an officer of the revenue
service, during the late war with Mexico, was or-
dered into the naval service, and lost his life while
doing duty under the orders of naval officers, and
constituting a part of the war arm of the service.
In that case, we gave a pension; and 1 think it
was to the widow of a Massachusetts officer, a
Mrs. Wright. But further than that, Congress
has never gone. There was a case presented a
Congress or two since by a Senator from Maine,
when I had the honor of being upon the Commit-
tee on Pensions, and it was a very severe case, of
a man who was very badly mangled while in the
civil service of the United States blasting rocks, I
think, for a fortification. Congress there refused
a pension- And they refused to pension the
widow Wright, until new proof was adduced by
which it appeared that that portion of the revenue
service in which he was engaged, was actually or-
dered into the naval service of the United States.
When they learned that, and not till then, they
gave a pension, the part of the revenue service to
which he was attached being actually, and in fact,
at the time, a part of the naval service. If this
case comes within thatexception, I will be willing
to go for the bill. If it does not, I think it will
be establishing a dangerous precedent.
Mr. GWIN. In answer to that statement—
the report of the committee not having been
printed—1 will state the circumstances under
which this gentleman lost his life. He was on a
surveying expedition—the coast survey had not
then extended to 'that portion of California; he
was engaged in surveying the Trinidad Bay, in
order to prevent smuggling. He was performins
a service which should have been performed by
the officers of the Navy, if provision had been
made for their performing it. The collector of
the port of San Francisco ordered a revenue cutter
to Trinidad Bay, to ascertain if smuggling vessels
could enter, or were entering there; and while
engaged in that service Lieutenant Woodward
was drowned.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. They knew there was
smuggling going on there.
Mr. GWIN. Yes, they knew'it, and the cutter •
was sent for the purpose of preventing it, and,1 ":i-i
while in the performance of the servica the officer" ;j*
was drowned. A more meritorious case was nev.er V •
presented to Congress.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not think the statement of"
the Senator from California varies the question.
This is strictly the civil service, and the question
arises whether you should pension men who meet ;
with misfortune in the civil service of the country.
There is now pending here, I believe, in the form ;
of a bill, the question whether you shall pension
a pilot who piloted one of the ships-of-war, and
received some injury when doing it. How does
it differ from the injury received in the erection of
the extension of this Capitol? The officer for the
pension of whose widow this bill provides was in
the revenue service, clearly; nothing else. They
were surveying for revenue purposes, and do you
mean to adopt the principle that if any man re-
ceives an injury in the coast survey he is to be
pensioned? I am disposed to be as liberal as any
man in granting pensions, but I like to see the
limits to it. It seems to me the passage of the
bill will be adopting a principle that ought to be
well considered before we agree to it.
Mr. GWIN. We have already adopted the
principle'of pensioning the widows of persons lost
in the coast survey. For instance, the case of the
loss of the Washington, a bill for which has already
passed the Senate.
Mr. DAVIS. They were naval officers.
Mr. GWIN. They were naval officers in the
coast survey. Suppose that the coast survey had
been engaged in exploring the Trinidad Bay, and
one of its officers had been lost, as Lieutenant
Woodward was, would he not have been pen-
sioned? That is the question. This service not
having been performed by the coast survey, and
it being indispensable to preserve the revenue that
it should be performed, and this officer having been
ordered to perform it, and while performing it"
having lost liis life, it seems to me there can be no
doubt about the merit of the claim.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I am opposed to this
bill, because it does introduce, as 1 co'nceive, a new
principle, and it will be made the precedent for a
general bill or a great deal of special individual
legislation in other cases like this. We have had
the question in various shapes before us in refer-
ence to granting pensions and making provisions
for those injured in the civil service and employ-
ment of the Government of the United States, and
have always refused to do it. -I rise for the pur-
pose of illustrating, by giving one or two cases
which have come under my observation during
my service in Congress. We had a case from
North Carolina of an individual employed in man-
ufacturing cartridges, or something like that, for
the Government of the United States, in reference
to the military arm of the service. He was blown all
to pieces; but not belonging to the Army, not be-
ing attached to it as a soldier, no compensation
could be allowed, and he was put upon the footing
of other laborers. We have had several cases
where individuals have fallen in the erection of
pubhcbuildings in this city. They were-mechanies
in the service and employment of the Government.
They had their limbs broken; some, perhaps, were
disabled for life. They wanted to get on the pen-
sion list; but Congress heretofore has always re-
fused to make arty provision for them. They were
put upon the footing of employees of individuals
in building and erecting houses. We have a build-
ing north and south of us upon which hundreds of
laborers are now employed, and, in all probability,
! before it is finished there may be a number of ac-
cidents, some of which may deprive persons of
life, and maim others for life. In this particular
case, an officer of the revenue service lost his life.
Is he more meritorious than those who may, in the
progress of this building, lose their lives or have
their limbs fractured ? I am one of those who
think that the pension system in all conscience has
been carried far enough already. I have looked at
it, and opposed the extension of it, but have met
with so little support that I became almost too dis-
couraged to open my mouth against any proposi-
tion made to pension any individual; hut we have
gone so far already that it seems to me to indicate
i the spirit of putting one half of the community
