2464
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 30.
Committee on Public Lands, have an opportunity
of considering this departure, and reporting the
bill back by to-morrow? Is there time to investi-
gate it? When it cannot be in vestigated discreetly
and properly, ought we to give Arkansas an ad-
vantage over all other States who have similar
bills, and let her get her bill through, and refuse
it to everybody else? I think justice requires that
this bill, like the others, should be postponed until
next session. •
Mr. CASS. I shall vote for taking up this bill,
and I shall vote for it upon its final passage; but
I must say that there is a great deal of justice in
what the honorable Senator from Kentucky has
said. I do not understand how the House of Rep-
resentatives can put through a bill of this descrip-
tion, on account of the personal influence of any
one member, and refuse similar bills to other
States. Why, the very fact of passing bills for
Missouri, and Illinois, and for Arkansas—every
one of which I was in favor of 
Mr. GWIN. And Michigan too.
Mr. CASS. I am speaking of the action of Con-
gress as a body. I say that it is unjust to give
lands to those States, and refuse it to others. I
voted for this bill when it was before the Senate
last year, and I shall vote for it again; but I do
not conceive that the ground assumed by the hon-
orable Senator from California applies. It places
the rest of the Representatives of all the other
States who have not succeeded, in a similar pre-
dicament. No gentleman thinks more highly of
the honorable member from Arkansas than I do.
I have a very high opinion of him; but I say this
is one of those enormities in a free Government,
that a despotic Government would not permit—
passing one, two, or three bills for one, two, or
three States, and refusing like bills to all the other
States precisely similarly circumstanced,and who
have received nothing. It is very great injustice.
Mr. RUSK. The course of reasoning of the
honorable Senator from Michigan is, to me,
strange. We have passed this bill through the
Senate, and therefore have given it the indorse-
ment of our justice.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. This bill is an entirely
different one from the bill which we passed. The
railroads go from different points. This is a
House bill, and not the same bill which the Senate
passed.
Mr. RUSK. Well, wepassed a bill of precisely
similar character, and hence, having done that, we
cannot object to the justice of this bill. Even the
honorable Senator from Kentucky himself did not
object to it; but he thinks injustice has been done
to the other States. Now, sir, if the bill is proper,
if it is right, if it is a similar bill to those we have
passed for the other States, it is nothing but justice
to Arkansas, and I have yet to learn that it is just
to refuse justice to one, because everybody else
does not get it. Do gentlemen wish to introduce
log-rolling here? it is vastly better that we should
take these measures isolated, and pass them sepa-
rately, than to combine together interests which
will control, instead of the merits of each applica-
tion. J have done justice to the other States, and
here, because this State happens to be a peculiar
locality, and because this bill does not include
other States, it is said that we are doing injustice
to Michigan, because we do justice to Arkansas.
Sir, it is unreasonable to be complaining in this
way. Besides, this is the commencement of a
road which must eventually go to the shores of the
Pacific. It is upon that line, and is the commence-
ment of that road. Why there should be such
strenuous opposition, I cannot see.
Mr. CASS. The honorable Senator from Texas
has misunderstood me, for I am sure he would not
misrepresent me. I do not object to the passage
of the bill because Michigan does not get enough,
but I say it is a great species of legislative injustice
to pass such bills for one State and not pass them
for others similarly circumstanced. I miffhtappeal
to the honorable Senators from Iowa, Wisconsin,
and other States that have not been thus favored;
and I would appeal to the honorable Senator from
Texas, if anything was granted to every other
State in the Union, would he not think it great
injustice to hisStatenot to have something granted j
to her? I know he would. I repeat. I consider
it a great species of injustice; but I do not blame
Arkansas, nor her honorable member. I merely
wished to call attention to the fact that the House
of Representatives had passed one bill of this sort
and refused to pass others; and to check, so far as
my voice could, partial legislation.
"Mr. CLEMENS. I wish to say that I concur
heartily with the Senator from Texas. If the rest
of us—and the State of Alabama is as much inter-
ested in these railroad bills as any other State—
have had the misfortune to have Representatives in
the other House who could not get these bills
through, it is no reason why we should reject a
bill in favor of the State whose Representative did
have influence enough to get it through. All these
bills passed the Senate, and I cannot understand
why a Senator should now vote to reject one of
them, because a memberfrom one State happened
to be a little more faithful—a little more attentive
to his duties than the others. I shall vote for this
bill, and vote against putting any amendment to it.
The Representative from Arkansas in the other
House has done his duty to his State; and I believe,
if the rest of the Representatives from the new-
States had done their duty, we would have all got
our bills through.
The PRESIDENT. The question is not on
the passage of the bill, but on taking it up.
Mr. BORLAND. I wish to say a single word
in justice to myself; for it is said that I have been
rather pertinacious on this subject. The late day
at which this bill came from the House is well
known to the Senate. It is well known that there
are but two (lays during which this bill can be at-
tended to. It was read a first time on Saturday
evening, and its second reading was then objected
to, so that it could not be read a second time until
to-day. I wish to have it read a second time now,
so that it may be referred to the committee, and
they can report upon it to-morrow.
Mr. Borland's motion was agreed to.
The bill was accordingly read a second time,
and the Senate proceeded to consider it as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
Mr. BORLAND. Is it competent for me to
ask for its third reading now ?
The PRESIDENT. It is not. It has to go
through the regular stages, and is now before the
Senate as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. DAWSON. I thought the bill was taken
up with a view to reference. It was so announced.
The PRESIDENT. That was the understand-
ing of the Chair; but the Chair has no power to
refer the bill without a motion.
Mr. DAWSON. I move that it be referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
VIRGINIA LAND WARRANTS.
Mr. HUNTER. There is a bill lying on the
table which will give rise to no discussion. It
passed the Senate two or three months ago almost
unanimously. By the rules of the House, however,
it could not he reached there, and they have now
sent back a similar bill. I ask, as a personal favor
of the Senate, that the bill may be taken up and
disposed of.
The motion was agreed to.
The bill was accordingly read a second time,
and considered as in Committee of the Whole;
and no amendment having been proposed, it was
reported to the Senate without amendment.ordered
to a third leading,read a third time, and passed.
HON. DAVID L. YULEE.
Mr. MORTON. I beg leave to submit the fol-
lowing resolution, and ask for its consideration at
this time:
Reso'ved, That there be paid out of the contingent fund
of the Senate, to the Hon. David L. Yui.ee, a mud equal
to the amount of mileage and per diem compensation of a
Senator fiom the commencement of the present session to
the 27th mutant, the (lav on which the Senate decided that
the Hon. Stephfn R. Matlory, whoae s«at m the Seriate
was claimed by him, was duly elected a mem her of the Sen-
ate from the State of Florida.
Mr. RUSK. I object to its consideration now,
and call for the consideration of the message of
the House in relation to the post route bill.
The resolution was accordingly laid over under
the rules.
POST ROAD BILL.
On motion by Mr. RUSK, the Senate proceeded
to consider their amendments amended and dis-
agreed to by the House of Representatives to the
bill " to establish certain post roads."
Mr. RCJSK. I move to concur in the amend-
ment of the House to the twentieth amendmentof
the Senate, and that the Senate recede from their
other amendments, or, in other words, that the
Senate recede from such of their amendments as
have been disagreed to by the House.
Mr. BORLAND. Before that motion is acted
upon, I wish to make an inquiry. Upon my mo-
tion a very important amendment was made to
the bill, establishing mail lines upon the Ohio and
Mississippi rivers. I wish to inquire of the chair-
man of the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads whetherthatamendmenthas been concurred
in or rejected by the House ?
Mr. RUSK. It has been rejected by the
House.
Mr. BORLAND. I must call for a separate
vote upon that question.
Mr. HAMLTN. I ask for a separate vote upon
the amendment in relation to a mail route between
Boston and Halifax.
On motion by Mr. RUSK, all the amendments,
with the exception of the above-mentioned two,
were receded from.
The question then recurred on the motion of
Mr. Rusk that the Senate recede from the follow-
ing amendment:
"Sec.— Jlnd be it further enacted, That the Post-
masterGeneral be,and he if hereby, authorized to enterinto
contracts for the transportation of the United States mail
on board the steam-vessels which at piesent piv regularly
between Boston, in the State of Massachusetts, and Hah tax,
m Nova Scotia, upon such terms as may appear to him
reasonable."
Mr. HAMLIN. I hope the Senate will not
recede from this amendment. It was recom-
mended by the Postmaster General. Boats are
now running about once a week from Boston to
Halifax, and the object is to allow the mails to be
put on board of these boats, so as to be carried
directly to Halifax. The route round by the Bay
of Funday takes from two to three weeks. The
object is to have a shorter conveyance.
Mr. RUSK. I know this would be a great con-
venience, but it is only three months until the
next session of Congress. There are about thirty
States interested in the internal routes provided by
! the bill. The result, I am told by a member of
1 the House, if we send the bill back, will be its de-
feat.
The motion to recede was agreed to.
The question then recurred on the motion to
recede from the following amendment of the Sen-
ate, disagreed to by the House:
" Sec. 16. And be it further enacted, That it shall be the
duty of the Postmaster General to issue proposals and con-
tract for the transportation of a daily mail between Louis-
ville and Cairo, St. Louis and Cairo, Cairo and Memphis,
and Memphis and New Orleans, and to supply such inter-
mediate points as he may order from time to time, on suit-
able and safe steamboats."
Mr. BORLAND. I hope the Senate will insist
on that amendment to the bill. I consider it, and
I trust a majority of the Senate will consider it, as
fully equal m importance, and perhaps of more
value to the country, than all the rest of the bill
together. We hear complaints hecause the mail
is not carried more than once a week, or twice
a week, or because there is not a daily mail at
particular points. Why, sir, upon the Ohio and
Mississippi rivers, between the points mentioned
in that amendment, we have no regular mail at
all.
I am unwilling to occupy the time of the Senate
in repeating what I have said here on more than
one occasion in regard to this, but I must be per-
mitted to say a few words upon this subject.
Upon the Ohio river from Louisville to its mouth,
and on the Mississippi river from the mouth of
the Ohio to New Orleans, there is no mail line at
all. These rivers stand in that respect on a dif-
ferent footing from all other mail routes in the
United States; for on every other route advertise-
ments are issued, and the mail is carried by con-
tract, and carried regularly once a month, once a
week, once a day, or at known, regular, and
stated intervals; but upon these great rivers there
is no regular mail line. The system there carried
on is of this kind: agents are appointed at the
different towns along the rivers between these
points. They take the mail and send it off, as
freight, upon steamboats as they pass along.
Steamboats, as we all know, are of unequal speed.
We know, also, that some are engaged in the
transportation of passengers and freight from cer-
tain points, and pass with great rapidity between
those main points; others are engaged in a sort of
coasting trade. Theconsequence is, that some boats
will pass between the mouth of the Ohio river and
