688
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 6.
nosed extension, or as to the time winch it has
been already extended. I protest against the pas-
sage of this bill at this time, and most earnestly
hope it may be referred to the appropriate commit-
tee, who will investigate it, and inquire into Us
expediency. Then, if they find, after a full inves-
tigation into the interests of all parties concerned,
it expedient to pass this bill, J shall make no fur-
ther opposition to it.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I am some-
what surprised at the couise the gentleman from
Florida [Mr. Cabell] has seen fit to pursue in
relation to this subject. He says this bill does not
state the number of acres contained in the original
grant. Why, sir, when that grant was made, it
specified the number of acres; and it seems^to me
it cannot be a matter of much importance whether
the number be stated now or not.
The very best reason why the grant should be :
further extended, is that given by the gentleman j
from Florida, to wit: that the lioldeis of the land ;
want to sell it out at a highei price than the people !
of Florida are willing to pay. Why, the people of
Florida come here with a great deal of disinterest-
edness, as it seems to me, through their Repre-
sentative, and undertake to force a grant to the |
Deaf and Durnb Asylum in Kentucky into market j
in order that they may be able to get it at a lower j
price. According to the statement of the gentle- j
man from Florida, the trustees of this Asylum are j
true to their interests, to hold these lands at such a j
price as not to compete with the lands in the pos- i
| session of Florida around them. I can conceive |
* no reason why this bill should bo referred, or why ]
it should not pass immediately. ]
Mr. CABELL. If the gentleman from lven- 1
tucky will allow me, I have only stated this:
we do not ask these people to hold'their lands upon
the same terms with the people of Florida; we
only ask that they should sell them for what they
are'worth. We do not ask them to sell them fin
less than their value, but only to set! them at a
fair price.
Mr. MARSHALL. 1 ask if it is the custom
m Florida to compel people to sell then* lands at
whatever price the purchaser may choose to give
for them 3
Mr. CABELL. Tins was a meic gratuity
upon the part of the Government; and it has been
against the policy of this Government, as lias been
proclaimed in speeches upon this floor, from time
to time, to aid corporations who hold large bodies
of land in such a manner as to prevent settlement,
it is against that which I protest.   It is against
this corporation in the State of Kentucky hold-
ing, I think, some 40,000 acres of land, granted
to them in the State of Florida. They will not
sell the lands, they say, because they cannot get
the price they want for them, and yet they Will
not hold them at a reasonable pne e, orat the pnee
at which other people .'ire selling their hinds.
They are asking us to keep settleis fiom settling
upon these lands. It is th.i> to which J object.
Mr. MARSHALL. If these people asked
more for ihen* lands than they wer" worth, or
mo'T- than they considered them worth, they
would he the mo.st curioue proprietors a\or seen
in this country.
Mr. BISSELL. If 1 ap.mgh:ly informed, this
grant was made m 182C.
Mr. CABELL. Yes, sit .
Mr. BISSELL. Well, 1 think in justice to
Florida, tin's company ought to have disposed of
its lands before rhi., tune. They michr have been
nettled m the thirty-odd yearss which have elapsed
^ince that tune. I do not know at ^-hat price
ihey are held now, rr at what price they have
been held, but I am very sure the State of Ken-
tucky might have sold them, and realised
thing from them.
Mr. MARSHALL. The Swtc of Kentucky
has nothing to do with them. They were grantee!
to the deaf and dumb in that State; and gentlemen
certainly do not desiie to m. ike that asylum prut
with their lands, without proper consideration, for
the benefit of the people of Florida.
Mr. BIS8ELL. The deaf end d limb asylum
have had already twenty-six venrs, and if this bill
shah pass givmjj tins extension for five years, ap-
plication will be made to extend the time five
ye irs longer, and so on from time to time.
Air. CABfcXL. Let the bill be referred, and
ilif-n we ran get at the proper state of ffctp.
Air WARE>, The deaf and dumb nf Kentucky
have not lost those lands at all. By the act of
Congress, the time for disposing of these lands
I has been extended to the first of nextmonth. The
I title of the lands is rested in trustees; and I hold it
! a strange and unheard-of species of morality, that
' on account of default—if any has taken place at
j at all—of the trustees, that these men, the deaf
and dumb, shall suffer the loss.
j Mr. BISSELL. I do not suppose there has
\ been anv default anywhere. I think there lias
! been liberality enough shown to the trustees of
these deaf and dumb, and to all others interested
; in this grant, when it is considered that they have
1 had twenty-six years in which to dispose of these
40,000 acres of land lying in the State of Florida.
, 1 think something is due to a young and feeble
i State like Florida. It is something to Florida
' that these lands should be opened up to settle-
rnent, and it is a very serious thing—as cvery man
, from the new States knows—when lands are held, |
from year to year, by speculators, by companies,
by corporations, and by States, and thus kept out
of market. It is a serious inconvenience and
; drawback, and it is unjust. I am for making lib- ,
1 eral appropriations of this kind. I am for making
■ appropriations of land for the benefit of the insane
and for the deaf and dumb—in which respect I ,
! believe I dilferfrom some of my Kentucky friends.
1 But at the same time  ;
Mr. GENTRY, (interrupting.) Will the gen- ■
1 tleman allow me, as I wish to understand this i
, question, to direct his attention to one view of this ;
! subject. 1 understand that the condition upon ■
' which these lands are at present granted, to the 1
; deaf and dumb asylum in Kentucky, is that they
may be sold by the first of nextmonth. Suppose
Congress fail to legislate, will not the'^rant be for-
feited? I tinnk that if the gentleman will remem-
ber the state of things which have existed in Flor-
ida for many years past, he would 'find in that
state of things a sufficient excuse for the trustees
in not disposing of these lands up to the present
time. I do not desire to have this grant forfeited
by failure to legislate. The question is one of
time in which these lands shall be disposed of.
Mr. CABELL. 1 will state that these lands
ure not within five hundred miles of the Indians.
There is no reason why the parties cannot have
sold thein. They are situated m West Florida,
mostly, I think, the richest and most populous
counties of our State. The trustees hold these
lands and will not sell them to anybody, and we
insist that it is unreasonable, under these circum-
stances, that they should be allowed more time to
dispose of them after having hod nearly thirty
years already for that purpose. I am entirely
willing, as a representative of Florida, that if this
grant is about expiring, to give them some rea-
sonable time. I am willing to give them twelve
j months; but I protest against a long extension.
! Mr. BISSELL. I was about to say, that what-
e\er the consequence of the non-passage of this
act, Congress or the General Government would
not be responsible, for they have already allowed
twenty-six years in which to sell this little batch
of 40,000 acres of land.
Mr. WARD. The gentleman seems to mis-
understand the history of the whole transaction.
There are not 40,000 acres of land. There were
40,000 acres originally, of which 40,000 nearly
the v* hole have been disposed of. A part of
that kind was in Florida, and a part m Arkan-
sas. The entue lands in Arkansas have been dis-
posed of, and a remnant of those lying m Florida
are still undisposed of. Now, to show that there
has he<= n no neglect on the part of these trustees,
1 will state that they have had an agent m Florida,
continually superintending these lands, and in
making efforts to sell them at reasonable prices.
It is entirely new to me that they have placed upon
these hmdsai) exorbitantpriceorvalue, and where
the gentleman obtains authority to justify him in
making that declaration, I am wholly at a loss to
determine.
Mr. BISSELL Will the gentleman allow" me
to aok him jl «-|uestion 3 At what price have these
lands been held ?
Mr WARD 1 have never heard.
Mr. BISSELL, Then, for anything that ap-
pears here, the reason why these lands have not
been sold, 13 because they have been held at an
exorbitant price. I ask any gentleman interested
in thin question, if he can tell meat -what price
thete lands hare been offered for eale 5
Mr. WARD. 1 cannot,
Mr. BISSELL. I am opposed to the bill. I
think it would be wron^ to allow them five years
more, especially when they cannot show that they
| have put them in market, and offered to sell them
' at reasonable prices, or $1 25 per acre.
! Mr. MEACHAM. I wish to inquire of the
> gentleman from Illinois, whether all the lands of-
I fered at a reasonable price, namely, the Govern-
i ment price, in Florida have been sold-5 If not,
* then there is no reason, lying against the Ken-
tucky lands, why they have not been sold, on
account of any unreasonable price which may have
been asked.
Mr. BISSELL. In reply to the gentleman's
question, I would simply observe, that if he in-
disposed to act upon the principle which ho indi-
cates, then, instead of allowing them five year^,
he should say that they should have time until the
Government'has sold all its lands in Florida. Will
he do that?
Mr. JENKINS. Will the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Bissell] allow me to offer an amend-
ment?
Mr. BISSELL. I was going to make a sug-
gestion to the gentleman from Florida, that if he
will withdraw his motion to refer, 1 will move to
amend the bill by striking out Jive years and in-
serting one year, and in that form, understanding
that it will satisfy the gentleman from Florida, 1
will vote for the bill.
Mr. CABELL. I will withdraw my motion,
with that understanding, after having replied to
the suggestion of the gentleman from Vermont,
[Mr. Meacham.]
Mr. STUART. I must protest against this
mode of discussing the question.
| The SPEAKER. It is competent for one gen-
! tleman to yield the floor to another for explana-
: tion.
j Mr. COBB. I merely wish to say 
' Mr. STUART. I object to this mode of dis-
i cussion, unless the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
! Bissell] loses the iloor.
i The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illinois
1 has one hour to occupy the floor,and the practice
! of this body has been for the gentleman occupy-
: ing the floor to yield it for explanation, and the
| Chair overrules the point of order.
| Mr. STUART. But the point that I make is
! this, that he cannot give the gentleman from Flor-
| ida [Mr. Cabell] the right to answer the argu-
! ment of another gentleman who has taken the
■ floor in the meantime.
, The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the gen-
1 tleman has not transcended the practice of the
: House.
| Mr. CABELL. I wish merely to say, thar
1 the argument of the gentleman from Vermont
1 [Mr. Meacham] is this: that because the Geneial
] Government has not sold the 16,000,000 acres of
surveyed lands in Florida at $1 25 per acre, there -
i fore there is no force in the argument that these
■ trustees have refused to sell their lands at reason-
able prices. In reply to that, f will say, that th-*
officers of this asylum had the selection of their
i lands from all the lands in Florida—out of the
] 16,000,000 acres of surveyed lands we had—and ir
; isunreasonablethattheyshould holduptheselands
: at high prices. They have sold some of these
! lands at §6 and some at $10 per acre. That is :i
1 sufficient answer to the gentleman's argument.
1 Now, I have already stated that I am perfectly
| willing to acquiesce in the proposition of the gen-
tleman from Illinois, [Mr. Bissell,] and give the
trustees one year's extension of time.
■ Mr, B1SS&LL. Is the motion to refer with-
drawn r
Mr. CABELL. For the present.
Mr. BISSELL. I move, then, as an amend-
i ment to the hill, that the word (i five" be stricken
1 out and the word s< one" inserted m its place.
Mr. JENKINS. I offer as an amendment to
1 the amendment the following:
! " Provided said lands shall be sold foi a price notcxcced-
| ing $1 25 per acre.1'
Mr. GENTRY. Why not let the deaf and
; dumb get as much for their lands as they can '
: The question was then taken on the amend-
: ment to the amendment, and it was disagreed to.
The question recurred on the amendment of
! Mr. Bissell.
! Mr. WARD. I do not want to trespass upon
the time of the House, but it is impossible for the
