THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $3 FOR THIS SESSION.
32d Congress, 1st Session.
TUESDAY, AUGUST 31, 1852.
New Series No. 155.
New Orleans in one fourth the time that others take;
and I, living ata town on that river, may chance to
put my letter in the office to-day; a mail will be
made up—the agent will put it as freight on one
of these coasting boatss and it will take ten days to
get to New Orleans; one of the fast boats passing
along will stop, and the agent will put on board a
mail containing letters written by those residing
in the same town the day after mine, and they
will get to New Orleans three or four days sooner.
The consequence is confusion beyond anything
that can be conceived of by those who have not
to suffer it. The revenues of the Department
suffer in consequence of it. Business men are
driven from the mails; and I have estimates made
by men of experience and observation, some of
whom are, or have been, postmasters, some edit-
ors of newspapers, merchants, and others, and
many of them do not hesitate to say that not
more than one tenth part of the mail matter now
passes in the mails there. Others of great intelli-
gence,and experience,and observation havelooked
into it, and they say that not more than one twen-
tieth part of the mail matter passes in the mails.
That fact answers the objections which the De-
partment have heretofore made, that there is no
revenue to meet this expense. Sir, you cannot
have revenue when you have such a system that
business men are driven from the use of the mails
as a means of carrying their correspondence. The
only objection that ever has been made is, that the
receipts from postage will not amount to a suffi- i
cient sum to pay the cost of the transportation of I
this mail. If you establish a regular mail from i
Louisville to New Orleans, and from St. Louis to
New Orleans, instead of having only one twentieth
part of the mail matter carried in the mails, you
will have the whole of it carried, because no man
of business will select uncertain private convey-
ances when there is a daily mail passing his door;
particularly at the low rate of postage which we
now have. I repeat, that now not more than one
letter out of ten, and perhaps not more than one out
of twenty, is carried in the mails; whereas, if this
line be established, we shall have all the mail mat-
ter on that route brought into the mails, and thus
there will be a sufficient revenue to pay the ex-
pense and a surplus remaining.
For these reasons, and considering the immense
amount of business involved, and the complaints
that have been made, I do hope that the Senate
will insist on this provision in the bill. I think
that if we send it back to the House of Represent-
atives, they cannot, in justice, or from any con-
sideration of policy or of propriety, refuse to re-
tain it.
Mr. RUSK. I reported a bill accomplishing
the object which this amendment intends to ac-
complish. I am in favor of giving a daily mail to
that section of the country. It has been resisted,
however, for years by the Department, on account
of the additional expense which it will throw upon
them. It has been now struck out by the House
of Representatives. It will be but three months
till we meet again, and Congress can act upon it
at the next session, before a contract could be
made; and it seems to me, therefore, that the
question is whether we shall stick to this amend-
ment or lose the entire bill.
Mr. BORLAND. I move that the Senate in-
sist on this amendment.
Mr. HAMLIN. The Senator from Texas
made a motion to recede, and I wish to know
which question is to be first put?
The PRESIDENT. The Chair has examined
the rule to ascertain whether any preference is
given to a motion to insist over a motion to re-
cede, and he finds that they both stand on the
same footing, and, therefore, the motion first made
is to be put. The question, therefore, will be on
the motion to recede from the amendment of the
Senate.
Mr. BORLAND. On that question, I ask for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas IS, nays 27; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Badger, Bayard, Cass, Cooper, Dawson, '
155
Fish, Foot, Hale, Hamlin, Mangum, Mason, Miller, Mor-
ton, Pratt, Rusk, Smith, and Spruance—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Bell, Borland, Bright, Brod-
head, Brooke, Butler, Chase, Clemens, De Saussurp, Dodge
of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Downs, Geyer, Houston,
James, Jones of Iowa, King, Mallory, Meriwether, Shields,
Soule, Stockton, Underwood, Wade, Walker, and Wellcr—
27.
So the Senate refused to recede.
Mr. RUSK. The other amendments are equally
as important. If we insist on this, we should in-
sist on all. I therefore move to reconsider the
vote receding from our other amendments.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. RUSK. I now move that we insist on all
our amendments which have been disagreed to by
the House, and ask a conference.
The motion was agreed to; and
Messrs. Rusk, Borland, and Badger were ap-
pointed the conferees on the part of the Senate.
A message was subsequently received from the
House of Representatives, by Mr. J. W. Forney,
its Clerk, announcing that it insisted on its dis-
agreement to the amendments of the Senate to
the bill of the House, "to establish certain post
roads," and agreed to the conference asked by the
Senate, and had appointed Messrs. Clark, Hall,
and Haven conferees on its part.
TRADE OF THE BRITISH COLONIES.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to which was referred the motion of the 26th
instant, to print five thousand additional copies of
the report of the Secretary of the Treasury, rela-
tive to the trade of the British North American
colonies, reported thereon; whereupon it was
Ordered, That five thousand additional copies of the paid
report be printed for the use of the Senate, one thousand
additional copies for the Secretary of the Trea&uiy, and five
hundred additional copies for J. D. Andiews.
NAVY APPROPRIATION BILL.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, an-
nouncing that it agreed to some, and disagreed
to other amendments of the Senate, to the bill
" making appropriations for the naval service for
the year ending the 30th of June, 1853."
Tne Senate proceeded to consider their amend-
ments disagreed to by the House of Representa-
tives to the bill last mentioned; and on motion by
Mr. Hunter, it was
Resolved, That the Senate insist on their amendments
disagreed to by the House, and ask a conference on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses.
On motion by Mr. Hunter, that the Committee
of Conference be appointed by the President pro
tempore, Mr. Mallory, Mr. Pearce, and Mr.
Toucey were appointed the committee.
A message was subsequently received from the
House of Representatives, by Mr. Forney, its
Clerk, announcing that itagreed to the conference
asked by the Senate on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on the bill making appropriations
for the naval service for the year ending the 30th
June, 1853, and that it had appointed Mr. Phelps,
Mr. Frederick P. Stanton, and Mr. Thaddeus
Stevens, the Committee of Conference on its part.
ISTHMUS OF TEHUANTEPEC.
Mr. MASON. The Committee on Foreign
Relations, to which was referred a message of the
President of the United States, in answer to a reso-
lution of the Senate calling for the correspondence
between the Governments of the United States and
Mexico, respecting the right of way across the
Isthmus of Tehuantepec, have instructed me to
make a report accompanied by three resolutions.
J. do not ask or expect that the matter will be
acted upon at this session, but it is the desire of
the committee that the report should be made, and
the resolutions laid before the Senate and printed
for the use of the Senate.
The resolutions were read, as follow:
Resolved, As the judgment of the Senate, that in the
present posture of the question, on the grant of a right of
way through the territory ot Mexico, at the Isthmus «f Te-
huantepec, conceded by that Republic to one ofits citizens,
and now the propeityof citizens of the United States, as the
same is presented by the correspondence and documents
accompanying the message of the President of the United
States of the 27th July, 1852, it is not compatible with the
dignity of this Government to prosecute the subject further
by negotiation.
Second, Should the Government of Mexico propose a re-
newal of such negotiation, itshould be acceded to only upon
distinct propositions from Mcxico, not inconsistent with the
demands made by this Government in reference to said
grant.
Third, That the Government of the United States stand
committed to all of its citizens to protect them in their rights
abroad, as well as at home, within the sphere of its juris-
diction ; and should Mexico, within a reasonable time, fail
to reconsider her position concerning said grant, it will
then become the duty of this Government to review all ex-
isting leiations with that Republic, and to adopt such meas-
ures as will preserve the honor of the country and the rights
of its citizens.
Mr. MASON. So far, this is the act of the
Committee on Foreign Relations alone. I regret
very much that they were under the necessity of
making any report at all, or that they were not
able to report at an earlier period of the session,
f cannot ask the Senate now to consider the sub-
ject. It is one of very grave character and great
importance. I can ask only, that the report may
be laid upon the table, and that with the docu-
ments which accompany it, and the resolutions,
be printed for the use of the Senate.
The motion was agreed to. .
Mr. BROOKE informally submitted the follow-
ing resolution for consideration; which was read,
and ordered to be printed:
Revolved, That the Executive be requested to inform the
Government of Mexico, that unless the American holders
of the rnrht of way across Tehuantepec shall, on or before
the Kt day of March next, be put in full possession of their
propeify and franchises, this Government will proceed to
protect" them in the occupation and enjoyment thereof.
And Thanf this determination should occasion a rupture of
relations between the two Republics, tins Government will
rely for justification, in the eyes ol mankind, upon the obli-
gation ol every Government to protect the rights of its own
citizens, and upon the flagrant and the indefensible viola-
tion by Mexico of private'right and national law.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. MILLER, from the Committee of Con-
ference on the part of the Senate on the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses on the bill making
appropriations for the Post Office Department
during the fiscal year ending the 30th June, 1853,
reported that they had met the conferees on the
part of the House, and, after full and free confer-
ence, have agreed to recommend and do recom-
mend to their respective Houses as follows, to wit:
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the amendments of the Senate, numbered 1, 2, 4,
and 5.
INDIGENT INSANE.
Mr. COOPER. I move to postpone all the
prior orders, for the purpose of taking up the bill
from the House making a grant of land to the
several States of the Union for the benefit of indi-
gent insane persons. I hope we will wind up our
business by passing a bill forsuch a humane pur-
pose.
Mr. CASS. I ask for the yeas and nays on
that motion.
Mr. SHIELDS. I hope the honorable Senator
will withdraw the call for the yeas and nays, and
let the bill be tested by a fair vote, without dis-
cussion.
Mr. CASS. It must lead necessarily to a long
discussion.
Mr. SHIELDS. I hope not.
Mr. COOPER. I intend to say not a word in
regard to the bill.
Mr. SHIELDS. I am in favor of this bill. I
was a member of the committee that reported it,
and I believe there is not a friend of the bill here
who wants to discuss it. It is one of those bills
that, in my humble opinion, being for such a hu-
mane object, should be treated without much dis-
cussion.
Mr. CASS. I would cheerfully withdraw the
call for the yeas and nays if there was to be no
discussion, and no amendments offered to the bill.
Mr. SHIELDS. I hope there will be no dis-
cussion, and no amendments, but a fair vote.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I cannot agree to that,
for I have an amendment which X wish to offer.
