2466
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 30s
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I shall vote to take up
this bill, and for the very reason that I know that
amendments will be offered to it, which I hope
will be adopted. .
Mr. CASS. Then I must insist on the call for
the yeas and nays. If discussion is to proceed an
this bill it cannot be disposed of at this session.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MASON. If this bill be taken up it must
necessarily lead to a long discussion.
Mr. BELL. I should like to know who will
debate it—not its friends certainly.
Mr. MASON. Then its opponents will debate
it.
Mr. BELL. Let the debate come on.
Mr. BRIGHT. One fact must be apparent—
that if this bill be taken up, there are three or four
bills on the table which will be offered as amend-
ments to it. There is the homestead bill, and sev-
eral railroad bills which will be offered as amend-
ments, and they are germane, because they all ask
for appropriations of land. I am a friend of this
measure. 1 would be glad to see it taken up and
passed, but I am quite sure, that if it be taken up
now, and these amendments be offered, the residue
of the session will be consumed with the sub-
ject.
Mr. ADAMS. I merely rise to suggest to Sen-
ators in favor of the proposition, that if they ex-
pect that so large a portion of the lands lying in
the new States are to be taken and divided out to
the old States without objection being offered, or
amendments being proposed, they certainly are
drawing very strongly upon the forbearance of the
representatives of the new States.
Mr. BELL. No one can object to offering
amendments. All we want is to have a chance to
vote upon them when they are offered.
Mr. MILLER. This is the only bill which
gives anything like justice to all the States of the
Union. "It makes a fair distribution of lands for
the benefit of this unfortunate class of people in
every State of the Union. In all the scrambles
here for public lands for railroads, and for all
kinds of purposes, this is the first time that hu-
manity has made a call. I trust the bill will be
taken up.
The question being taken by yeas and nays on
the motion to proceed to the consideration of the
bill, it resulted—yens 33, nays 18; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Badger, Bell, Borland, Brooke, Chase,
Clarke, Cooper, Dawson, De Saussure, Downs, Fish, Foot,
Geyer, Hale, Hamlin, Houston, Jones of Iowa, Mallory,
Mangum, Miller, Morton, Pearce, Pratt. Seward, Shields,
Smith, Spruance, Stockton, Sumner, Underwood, Upham,
Wade, and Weller—33.
NAYS—Messrs. Adam*, Bayard, Blight, Brodhead, Rut-
ler, Cass. Clemens, Dodge of Iowa, Douglas, Felch,Gwm,
Humer, King, Mason, Meriwether, Norris, Rusk, and
Walker—18.
So the motion was agreed to, and the Senate,
, as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. I
It proposes to grant to the several States and I
Territories, for the benefit of indigent insane per-1
sons, ten millions of acres of land, to be appor- I
tioned under the direction of the President of the
United States, in the compound ratio of the ge-
ographical area, and representation of said States
in the House of Representatives according to
the Census of 1850: Provided, That the area of
no State shall be computed at more than fifty
thousand square miles; that the land, after being
surveyed, shall be apportioned to the several
States and Territories in sections or subdivis-
ions of sections; and whenever there are public
lands in a State or Territory, worth $1 25 per
acre, the value of the lands to be determined by
the Governor of the State or Territory, the quan-
tity to which the State or Territory shall be enti-
tled shall be selected from those lands, and the
Secretary of the Interior is to issue to those States
in which there are no public lands of the value of
$1 25 per acre, land scrip to the amount of their
distributive shares in acres, under the provisions
of this act, which scrip to be sold by said States,
and the proceeds applied solely to the uses and
purposes herein prescribed: Provided further, That
in no case shall any State to which land scrip may
thus be issued beallowed to locate the same within
the limits of any other State, or of any organized
Territory of the United States; but their assignees
may thus locate said land scrip upon any of the
unappropriated lands of the United States subject
to private entry.
It further provides that all moneys derived from
the sale of these lands by the States or Territories
to which the lands are apportioned, and from
the sales of land scrip, shall be invested in stocks
of the United States, or the States, or of some
other safe stocks, yielding not less than five per
centum upon their par value; and that the moneys
so invested shall constitute a perpetual fund, the
capital of which shall remain forever undimin-
ished, and the interest of which shall be inviola-
bly appropriated to the comfortable maintenance
and support of the curable and incurable indigent
insane.
Mr. GWIN. I have an amendment to offer to
the bill. It is to add:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That with the view of secur-
ing the speedy construction of two railroads connecting the
Mississippi with the Pacific ocean, the one from a point
not north of Memphis, and the other not south ot St.
Louis, the President of the United States is hereby author-
ized to enter into contracts, in conformity with the pro-
visions of this act, for the construction of a railroad from
a point on Red river, at or near the southwest comer of the
State of Arkansas, on the most direct and feasible route,
via the vicinity of El Paso, to a pointon the eastern bound-
ary of the State of California, at or near the junction of the
Gira with the Colorado river, connecting with the navigable
waters flowing into the Gulf of California ; and the other
from a point on the western boundary of Missouri or Iowa,
(not within the limits of any existing State,) on the most
direct and feasible route to the eastern boundary of the
State ot California, with a track departing from this line at
some point west of the "Rocky Mountains, and running on
the most direct and feasible route, to some safe and commo-
dious harbor in the Territory of Oregon, which shall be at
all times accessible to the largest class of sea-going vessels
navigating the Pacific ocean.
Stc. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the right of way,
two hundred feet wide, throughout the entire length of said
roads, is hereby set apart and appropriated for the use of
said roads forever; and a quantity of land, equal to the
alternate sections, for the space of fifty miles on each side
of said road?, to wit: the sections which shall he marked
and designated on the public suiveys of said lands by odd
numbers, are hereby set apart and appropnated to aid in
the construction of said road?, in the manner and s-ubject
to the terms, conditions, limitations, and restrictions here-
inafter provided.
Sec. 3. Jlnd be it further enacted, That for the purpose
of facilitating the extension of one of said roads eastward
from its terminus on fted river, on the two lines, the one
through the State of Arkansas, and the other through the
State of Louisiana, so as to connect at the Mississippi
river with the several lines of railroads now in process of
construction between the Mississippi and the Atlantic sea-
board, a hke quantity of J and is hereby granted to the
States of Arkansas and Louisiana, with the same terms,
conditions, limitations, and restrictions, to wit: the alter-
nate sections designated on the public surveys by odd num-
bers. for twenty miles on each side of said road, throughout
its emite length within the State of Arkansas, are hereby
granted to the said State of Arkansas; and the alternate
sections designated on the public surveys by odd numbers,
for twenty miles on each side of said road, throughout its
entire length within the State of Louisiana, are hereby
granted to the said State of Louisiana; and for the purpose
of facilitating the- extension of the other of said roads
eastward from the terminus on the Missouri river, on two
lines, the one through the State of Iowa, and the other
through the State of Missouri, so as to connect with the
principal linens now in process of construction between the
Atlantic sea-board, the lakes, and the Mississippi river, a
Hke quantity of land is hereby granted to the States of Iowa
and Missouri, with the same terms,conditions, limitations,
and restrictions, to wit: the alternate sections designated
on the public survey® by odd numbers, for twenty miles on
each side of said road, throughout its entue length within
the State of Iowa, are hereby granted to the Stale of Iowa;
and the alternate sections designated on the public surveys
by odd numbers, for twenty miles on each side of said road,
throughout its entiie length within the State of Missouri,
are hereby granted to the State of Missouri: Provided,
That the lands granted to the State of Missouri, at the pres-
ent session, in aid of ratiroads, shall be deducted from the
amount hereby granted: *flnd provided further, That if the
State of Missouri shall cause those two roads to accept of,
and in all things comply with the requirements of this act,
in respect to the grants made to the several States herein
piovuled for, then the lands ht rem granted may be divided
between those two roads upon ju^-tand equitable principles,
to be determined by the President of the United States;
and for the purpose of facilitating the extension of each of
said roads westward from the eastern boundnrv of the State
of California, to safe and commodious harbors, which shall
be at all tunes accessible to the Jaige.-t class of sea-going
vessels navigating the Pacific ocean, a like quantity of land
i« hereby gianted to the State of California, with the same
terms, conditions, limitations, and provisions, to wit: the
alternate sections designated on the public surveys by odd
numbei®, for forty mile* on each side of each of said roads,
throughout their entiie length within the limits of the State
of California.
Sec 4. .find be it further enacted. That in all cases
where the United States shall have disposed of any of the
lands herein granted to any State, or from any cause shall
be unable to convey a title to the same, the deficiency may
be made up by selections, to be made under the authority
of the Governor of each of said State", respectively, out of
any unimproved public lands designated on the public sur-
vevs bv odd numbers, and which shall he nearest to the
lines of said roads, respectively; and m like manner all
deficiencies in the lands herein set apart and appropriated
to enable the contractors to make said roads through the
territory of the United States, may be made up by the selec-
tions to be made by said contractors, subject to the approval
of the Secretary of the Interior.
Sec. 5. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the sard grants
of land are made to the States herein named on the express
conditions following, to wit:
First. That the States of Louisiana, Arkansas, Missoim,
and Iowa, respectively, will commence the roads within
their respective States within one year from the passage of
this act, and prosecute them with vigor to completion, and
will complete the same within the period of five years from
the passage of this act; and that the State of California will
commence each of the roads within her limits within one
year, and prosecute them with vigor to completion, and will
complete them within ten years "from the passage of this
act, and so much sooner as the roads through the territory
to connect therewith shall be completed by the contractors
herein provided for.
Second. That the United States mail shall he carried on
said roads forever, free of charge or expense to the Govern-
ment, under the direction of, and in strict conformity with
the requirements of the Post Office Department; and that all
troops, seamen, arms, munitions of war, military and naval
stores, and all funds and property of whatever kind belong-
in" to the United States, and all persona on official business
intheir employment, shall at all times be transported and'
conveyed on and over said roads free of charge or expense
to the Government ; and for all the purposes of tran-portd-
tion in this article mentioned, the United States shall have
the preference overall persons or bodies politic whatsoever^
when, in the opinion of the President of the United States,
the public interest requires promptness and dispatch in such
transportation. . . „
Third. That each of said States sfraTi conform to and
comply with such and all the terms, conditions, limitations,
restrictions, and provisions of this act, in respect to these
roads, and shall assent to the power which is hereby ex-
pressly reserved to Congress by law, from time to time, to
regulate the charges for freight and passengers thereon r
subject to the restriction that Congress shall never reduce
such charges below the average rates per mile for like ser-
vice foi^the time being on first-class railroads in the United
Sec. 6. -And be it further enacted, That it shall be the
duty of the Secretary of War, under the direction of the
President of the United States, within one month after the
passage of this act, to prepare and canse to be published in
three newspapers in the District of Columbia, and in each
State ot the Union, for the period of six months, inviting
separate sealed proposals for the construction of each of
said roads through the Territories of the United States,
which is not included in any of the States of the Union.
At the expiration of said peuod of six months, the Secretary
of War, under the direction of the President, shall proceed
to open the said proposals and to select from among tliern
one for the construction of each of said roads, the terms of
which shall be most favorable, to the United States in these
particulars, to wit:
First. Which shall insure the completion of the roads
respectively within the shortest period of time, not to exceed
ten years from the date of the contract m any event.
Second. Which, in consideration of the lands herein set
apart and appropriated and of the use of the roads for the
periods agreed upon, shall insure said roads respectively to
be kept in good repair, to be run and managed in all respects
in compliance with the terms of the contract and with the
provisions of this act, and to be surrendered and delivered
up to the United States in good condition, together with all
the appurtenances thereunto belonging, in the shortest
peiiod of time, not to exceed thirty years from the date of
completion in any event.
All the provisions of this act, except so far as they relate
exclusively to the States herein named, shall be deemed and
held to be parts of said contract*, whether expressly incor-
porated and set forth therein or not; and the Secretary of
War. under the direction of the President,teherebyanthor-
ized to demand, receive, and approve such securities and
guarantees for the faithful performance of the said contracts
as he shall deem necessary and proper; the said proposals
to be decided upon and the contracts entered into at the
expiration of one month from the day fixed upon for open-
ing the proposals; and in the event the contractors shall
not furnish the securities arid guarantees required by the
Secretary of War, under the directum of the President,
within thirty davs from the time of awarding the contract*,
a selection shall" be made from the other proposal-, or like
advertisements shall be immediately made for new propo-
sals for the period of three months, and the same proceed-
ings shall tre had thereon as herein required for the first
proposals.
Sec. 7. v9nd be it further enacted, That the said con- •
tractors for each of said roads shall he deemed and held m
law to be corporate and politic with perpetual succession
for the period of said contracts, and for five years thereafter
for the purpose of winding up their business, with the ca-
pacity ol making by-laws not inconsistent with their con-
tracts, and of suing and being sued in all courts having
competent jurisdiction, and be vested with all the powers,
rights, privileges, and immunities necessary and proper to
the performance of their said contracts, or nectary 10 the
vindication of their rights accruing under or growing out of
or pertaining to the same.
Sec. 8. Jlnd be it further enacted, That so soon as the
contractors on eitherof said roads shall have completed and
put into successful operation one section of one hundred
miles thereof, it shall be the duty of the President of the
United States to issue to them patents for one third of the
land set apart and appropriated in the second section of this
act. which shall be located along and pertain to the portion
of the road so completed, retaining the other two thirds as-
additional security for the completion of the entire road j
and when an additional section of one hundred miles of the
road shall have been completed and put in operation as
aforesaid, a like quantity ofland shall be conveyed in like
manner ; and so on for each section of one hundred miles
so completed* until five hundred consecutive miles of said
road shall have been completed and put in successful oper-
ation ; when upon the completion of an additional section
of one hundred miles of said road, two thirds of the land
