690
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March f>,
meritorious claim of the parties who make the ap-
plication, and there is no question that the full
benefit of the same will go to the advantage of the
road My opinion is, to be consistent with the
principle by which we have exempted the material j
for manufacture from any duty, and to be consist-
ent with that other principle by which we bestow |
lands for possible prospective roads, we ought to 1
abolish the duty on railroad iron; and I am pre-
pared to vote to abolish the tax lipon railroad iron.
In my opinion, nothing advances the wealth of the
country and the settlement of the new States more
than the construction of railroads; and I only re-
quire, in lieu of the proposition before the House,
that we should repeal this duty upon one of the
most important branches of manufacture in the
country.
Mr. CARTTER. Before we act upon the re-
mission of duties upon this railroad, I think it is
well enough for the House to consider the subject.
I agree with the gentleman from South Carolina,
[Mr. Woodward,] that if there is any article j
which ought to be imported into the United States
at this time free of duty, it is railroad iron. This
bill does not propose to relieve railroads, but the
railroad in question, of the incumbrances of the
tariff upon railroad iron; and it is a proposition •
to foster a road which it appears from the con- j
fessions of its own friends has not clearcd enough ;
upon experiment to sustain itself by its own busi-
ness. The honorable gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Meade] said, that in process of time this
railroad will be able to restore the amount of reve-
nue that is suspended. What evidence have we
of this, where a road having been once construct-
ed upon the basis of its own business has gone
into rum ? I am willing to relieve railroad enter-
prises of all imposts upon railroad iron, and 1
think, with the gentleman from South Carolina,
[Mr. Woodward,] that it ought to be done,
but 
Mr. CLINGMAN. Will the gentleman allow
me to make a short explanation? I agree with
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Cartter,] and
the gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Wood-
ward,] that railroad iron ought to be left free of
duty; but that question need not be discussed now.
My purpose in rising is to say to the gentleman
from Ohio that the circumstances under which this
road failed to sustain itself were these: The com-
pany originally subscribed §700,000 or ^800,000
of stock. That was not sufficient to build the road,
and they borrowed more than $1,000,000 in addi-
tion. It was the borrowing of this money which
obliged them to have the road sold. The com-
pany could not meet its liabilities, and the State,
being endorser for the company, purchased the
foad. The Stale has subsequently given permis-
sion to the company to become owners of half of
the stoi 1c, provided the company relay the road
with hea\ y lion. The company are now relaying
it. The road would have been always good stock
and have paid well, had il not been in debt; and the
company was so heavily in debt that the road was
obliged to be sold in this way. The only ques-
tion, therefore, at present, is one between the
Treasury and the road. It is said upon all hands
that the Treasury does not need the money. Why
not give the credit therefore' There is iio doubt
whatever that the money will be paid. The road
will be amply good for the money. It is a mere
question of time in regard to the payment of the
duty. As the company hate had some difficulty
in raising money sufficient to buy $500,000 worth
of iron, it will be a matter of great advantage
to them to be relieved from the payment of tile
duty upon that iron at the present time. They
will get the means of paying those very duties in
the course of three or four years for transporting i
the mail. ° j
tMr. NABERS. Is the motion to commit the i
bill to the Committee of Ways and Means? i
The SPEAKER. It is. ;
Mr. NABERS. I wish to ask the gentleman 1
to amend it by instructing the Committee of'
Ways and Means to inquire into the expediency
of abolishing the duty altogether upon railroad
iron. I offer that amendment.
Tvir. HOUSTON.^ 1 rise to a question of order.
- It is that the instructions proposed are inconsistent
with tne bill. The bill proposes one thing, which
is to allow a credit upon the duties; and the instruc-
tions an entirely different thing, and that is, to
repeal the duty generally upon railroad iron
The SPEAKER. The Chair is inclined to think
the amendment is not in order, on the ground of
irrelevancy.
Mr. N ABERS. I.desire to give notice of my in-
tention to offer that amendment at the proper time.
Mr. MEADE. I rise for the purpose of mak- I
ing an earnest appeal to the gentleman from Ohio, I
[Mr. Cartter,] in consideration of the circum- |
I stances of this road, to make that question upon j
j some other bill. I ask the attention of the House j
; for a moment, in order to urge every man who is a
j friend to his country and its agricultural interests
j not to make that fight upon this bill, which may
! have the effect of delaying it for months, and defeat-
ing the object of its introduction. As I stated to the
gentleman before, this road is already constructed
it is already graded, being an old road. The rails
are being bid from Roanoke river to Raleigh, so as
to connect with the road leading from Petersburg
and Richmond. Railroad iron is being imported,
and it is arriving every day in the ports ofNorfolk,
Petersburg, and Richmond. The length of the
road is about eighty miles, probably eighty-five.
Let me answer the objection of the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Cartter] urged just now. It was a
very plausible and reasonable one, and I was not
astonished he should take that view. This rail-
road was built at a time when the cost of such a
work was very high. It cost about $1,600,000.
It goes to a town that does not have much trade,
in the interior of North Carolina; and although it
passes through averyfertilecountrycomparatively
speaking, yet at the same time, being an agricul-
tural country, it cannot furnish much profit.
There was very little travel along the road, except
that which was local, no through travel, and hence
the receipts from that source were very small. I am
sorry I am so hoarse that I cannot make myself
better understood, and more perfectly heard by
the House.
I will now tell the House that, in consequence
of the vast amount of money which this road cost,
the company got very much in debt, especially to
the State of North Carolina. The road was sold
to pay those debts, and North Carolina became the
purchaser, becoming responsible for the debt. In
a spirit of generosity she proposes to put in this
road—which cost $1,600,000—$400,000, provided
individuals living along the line of it will raise
$400,000 more, for the purpose of laying down the
rails.
We believe that this road, which will cost
$800,000 to complete it, will pay a dividend of five
or six per cent—a dividend sufficiently large to
induce those who feel an interest in the road to
invest their money in it. 1 trust that the gentle-
! man from Ohio, if he is determined to test the
| question raised by the gentleman from South Caro-
' lina, will not do it upon this bill,
j Mr. DROWN, of Mississippi. I desire to ask
j if the morning hour has not expired?
I The SPEAKER. The morning hour has not
| yet commenced. We are now, by unanimous
1 consent, at the business on the Speaker's fable.
Mr. CARTTER. [ have no animosity to this
road. The picture drawn by the gentleman from
,i Virginia commends it to my sympathies. If I
l| thought that we ought to discriminate between one
road and another of the same kind, most certainly
!| the description he has drawn would induce me to
j J do it in fa\or of this road. It is not antagonism
j to the road which prompts me to protest against
II this measure. Hut here it is sought by a private
I, enterprise to repeal our revenue laws. It is no
j less a proposition than that, and it cannot be re-
!i garded in any other light. Who is there here who
' believes the time will ever come when these sus-
1 pended duties will he paid by these companies?
; It is merely a harbinger to a proposition to remit
the duties altogether.
| Mr. ASHE, (interrupting ) The gentleman
j says that this is a proposition, in effect, to suspend '
the revenue laws, and that these bonds will never
be paid. Two years ago, this House passed a bill
of a similar import, for another railroad in North
Carolina, and the bonds in that case are all paid,
and the Government is now in debt to the road.
Mr. CARTTER. It may he that the bonds
will be paid. The statement made by the gentle-
man from North Carolina may be true.
Mr. ASHE. I say it is true.
fr. CARTTER. I have no doubt at all that
but has that company paid anything other-
wise than in the carriage of the mails?
Mr. ASHE. The carrying of the mails has
more than paid the Government. The Govern-
ment is now in debt to the road.
Mr. CARTTER. That I supposed would be
the case. The Government will always he in
debt to any company under such circumstances.
It is a poor corporation that cannot contrive fo
make oat a balance sheet against the Govern-
ment.
It appears, then, that the advances made to this
company mpon their railroad iron have been more
than paid by the carriage of the mails. If you
follow that practice, you will find your Govern-
ment in debt to every one of these corporations.
I have no doubt this company too will pay it, by
carrying the mails. I do not object to the remis-
sion of these duties. All I ask is, that the same
rule shall be extended to every portion of the
Union, and that the railroads that every member
m this Hall represents in other portions of the
Union, shall come on to a common platform of
exemption. If you are going to patronize cor-
porations, let them all be patronized. If you are
going to patronize one district, patronize the
whole. Let us all have the same rights here.
Mr. MEADE, (interrupting.) We are not ask-
ing an appropriation of money.
Mr. CARTTER. No; it is merely a suspen-
sion of the payment of money.
Mr. MEADE. Before the question is taken on
referring the bill to a committee, which would de-
stroy and defeatit,l ask that the bill may be read;
and before the bill is read, let me call the atten-
tion of the gentleman from Ohio and of the House
to the facts.
I appeal to the Northern portion of this House
to remember that their railroads, generally, were
built between the years 1831 and 1842, and that
during that time railroad iron was introduced free
of duty. The railroads now being built in the
South and West are recent enterprises. We did
not progress with the same rapidity as our breth-
ren of the North in these works of internal im-
provement between 1831 and 1842, and they built
up their railroads with iron that was admitted free
fo duty. All we ask now is, that they will give
to the Raleigh and Gaston railroad a short time
for the payment of jhe duty on the iron which
they employ.
Mr. CARTTER. There does not seem to be
any reason why this road should be distinguished
from others. The objection which the gentleman
from South Carolina [Mr. Woodward] takes to
the donation of lands to these roads, applies with
its full force to this description of patronage. I
believe with him that in donating lands to build
roads, instead of increasing population, you mere-
ly divert it, and that* instead of following the sug-
gestions of enterprise, you apply an arbitrary
rule.
Mr. WOODWARD, (interrupting.) I did not
mean to express any opinion as to the piopriety
j of granting lands. I simply meant to say that to
donate lands and yet lay heavy duties on the
materials for making the roads, was a gross incon-
sistency.
Mr. HIBBARD. J rise to a question of order.
The proposition before the House is, if I mistake
not, to refer the bill to the Committee of Ways
I and Means. It seems to me that this debate is
j going far beyond that question.
! The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
; a question of reference opens up the whole merits
of the bill; practically it must be so.
1 Mr. CARTTER. I wish merely to add that I
i feel myself bound to vote against the special ex-
; emption of any particular railroad from the opera-
1 tion of the revenue laws; but at the same time I
I am ready, at any timerto vote to suspend the duty
; entirely upon railroad iron, for the purpose of
encouraging the railroad enterprises of the coun-
try. That is my position.
Mr. OUTLAW. I hope that the proposition
which has been made to commit this bill to the
i Committee of Ways and Means will not prevail.
There are no factsconnected with its consideration
which are not already before the House; and there
is no gentleman here who cannot be as well pre-
pared to give his vote now as after it shall have
gone to a committee. The reference which is pro-
posed will entirely defeat the bill. It is ascertained
that the cost of laying the iron will be £5,000 a
mile, and that will take up the entire amount of
private subscriptions. The iron is now arriving
