1602
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 23,
j and second time by their titles, and referred—the
first two to the Committee on Public Lands; the
four following to the Committee on Territories;
the seventh to the Committee pn Military Affairs;
and the last-named to the Committee on Com-
merce.
PORTRAIT OP MR. CLAY.
The message from the House of Representatives
also announced that it had passed the following
joinj resolution:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives in
Congress assembled, That the portrait of Henry Clay, pre-
sented to the nation by Guiseppe Fagnazi, a resident of
New York, be placed in the Library of Congress.
The resolution was read a first and second time
by its title, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole. No amendment being offered, it was
read a third time and passed.
CRIME IN" THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
The PRESIDENT. The bill to amend an act
entitled " An act for the punishment of crime in
the District of Columbia," which was sent to the
House of Representatives by mistake, has been
returned in consequence of a message sent to the
House asking its return to the Senate. Amend-
ments were made to the bill by the Senate, and
they were ordered to be engrossed. They have
been engrossed; and the bill will now have its
third reading, if such is the pleasure of the Senate.
Mr. BRADBURY. I am instructed by the
Committee on the Judiciary to offer a further
amendment, for the purpose of removing all doubt
as to the meaning of the amendment already
adopted. It is to insert the words " whether the
same shall be completed, or in process of erec-
tion."
The PRESIDENT. That amendment can
only be made by unanimous consent.
Mr. BRADBURY. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to have the amendment made.
It is to supply an accidental omission.
There being no objection, the amendment was
agreed to. The bill was then read the third time
and passed.
The effect of the amendment is to impose the
penalties of the bill for the burning of buildings,
" whether the same shall be completed, or in pro-
cess of erection."
MINT IN CALIFORNIA.
The PRESIDENT. The bill of the Senate to
establish a branch Mint -of the United States at
San Francisco, in California, has been returned
from the House of Representatives with various
amendments, which will now be considered, if
such is the pleasure of the Senate.
Mr. G WIN. Mr. President, I hope the Sen-
ate will concur in all of these amendments. They
are all restrictions upon the bill as they originally
passed the Senate without opposition. Most of
the amendments are reductions of salaries; and one
of them is a restriction upon the Secretary of the
Treasury, that he shall expend only a certain sum
of money in the purchase of machinery to put the
Mint in operation. I am not in favor of the re-
striction", because it may be necessary to expend
more; but in order to have the bill become a law
immediately, I hope the Senate will concur in all
the amendments. I move that the Senate concur
in them.
Mr. BADGER. I hope that course will be
pursued. I suppose every gentleman understands
the force of these amendments. Any one who
was in favor of the bill as it originally passed the
■ Senate, certainly cannot be opposed to the amend-
ments.
Mr. HALE. I shall not interpose any objec-
tion to these amendments, but I am exceedingly
opposed to the principle of passing bills in this
way, without an examination by a committee. It
is impossible that the Senate can understand these
amendments. I do not understand them. Iam
not opposed to the bill; but I wish to state that
we passed one bill the other day, which we have
had to recall; and I think it is a dangerous prece-
dent to pass bills in this way, and Tdo not desire
to see it established. There are a great number
of amendments to this bill. I do not understand
them—I do not know what they are. I am not
opposed to the bill; but I am opposed to this way
of passing bills. I hope it will be referred.
Mr. GWIN. If the Senator will listen to me
for a moment, I think he will withdraw his ob-
jection. Most of the amendments of the House
simply reduce the salaries of officers. We passed
the bill originally, without objection, providing
certain salaries; the amendments of the House re-
duce those salaries and impose a limitation on the
Secretary of the Treasury as to the amount he
shall spend in putting the Mint into operation.
Every amendment of the House is a limitation on
what has already been passed by the Senate; and
I do not think there should.be any delay in acting
upon these amendments. The chairman of the
Committee on Finance is not here; and if we refer
the bill to his committee, it may create a delay of
perhaps a week. It is important that the bill
should be passed now, and I nope the amendments
will be concurred in at once.
The question being taken, the amendments
were concurred in.
SISTERS OF VISITATION.
On the motion of Mr. SHIELDS, the Senate
proceeded, as in Committee of the Whole, to the
consideration of the bill to incorporate the Sisters
of Visitation, of Washington, in the District of
Columbia.
The bill, as originally introduced by Mr. Sew-
ard, provided that the present Sisters & Visitation
and their female associates and successors, who
now are or hereafter may become Sisters or Lay
Sisters of the Visitation according to the regula-
tions and by-laws that have been or may be
; adopted and established by their association, be
| made, declared, and constituted a corporation or
I body-politic in law and in fact, to have continu-
ance forever, by the name, style, and title of the
" Sisters of the Visitation of Washington;" and
that the corporation may receive, hold, purchase,
take, and apply to the uses and purposes of the
association, any lands, tenements, rents, legacies,
rights, property, and privileges, and all goods,
chattels, and effects, of any kind or nature, which
may be given, granted, sold, bequeathed, or de-
vised unto them. It goes on to make other pro-
visions for managing the affairs of the corpora-
tion .
The Committee on the District of Columbia re-
ported an amendment to the bill, which is to strike
out all of the bill after the names of the present
Sisters of Visitation, and to insert the following;
" With such female associates as now are or may here-
after bccorae Sisters or Lay Sisters of the Visitation, aceoitl-
mg to the rules and by-law1? thereof, which have been or
may be hereafter established, and their successors, be and
they are hereby made a body-pohtic and corporate lorever,
by the name of'The Sisters of the Visitation of Wash-
ington,5 for purposes of chaiity and education; and by
that name may sue and be sued, prosecute and defend;
may have and u^e a common seal, and the same alter and
renew at plcat-uie ; may adopt and establish rules, legula-
tions, and by-laws, not repugnant to the laws of the United
States, for properly conducting the affairs of the coipoia-
tion ; may take, reccive, purchase, and hold estates, real,
personal, and mixed, not exceeding m value $200,000 at
any one time, and manage and dispose of the same at
pieaMuo, and apply the same, oi the proceeds of the bales
thoicof, to the u-.es and purples of tin* association, accord-
ing to the rub'* and regulations which now are oi which
may hereafter be established.
u Si.c. 2. Jlnd be it farther cnaited, That Congress
may at any tune amend or repeal this act."
Mr. BAYARD. I move to strike out, in the
amendment of the committee,, the word " two,"
and insert " one," so as to reduce the amount of
property to be held by the corporation to §100,000.
it seems to me, that property to the amount of
§100,000, is enough for any charitable corporation
to hold m the District of Columbia.
Mr. SHIELDS. I would have no objection to
j that; but I understand that the property at present
amounts to a little more than ^100,000. That
; is the reason why $200,000 was inserted in the
amendment, in order to cover the buildings and
property at present held. I hope the gentleman
will not insist on the amendment.
Mr. BAYARD. I have no objection to the
bill, but I am very much opposed to the erection
i of corporations, for charitable or any other pur-
! poses, with such a large amount of capital,
j Mr. SHIELDS. I would suggest $150,000-
! That would embrace the property now held.
I Mr. WELLER. The terms of the proposed
charter are so general that I should not be sur-
prised if they should go to banking under it.
Mr. SHIELDS. I would not have the slightest
objection to the amendment, but for the fact that
$100,000, as I am informed, will not cover the
proposed value of the property.
Mr. BAYARD. Then I move to strike out
,000," and insert "$150,000," so as to
limit the amount of property to be held to
$150,000.
Mr. SHIELDS. I am willing to agree to that.
Mr. WELLER. That will be enough, unless
they intend to go to banking.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to, and the amendment as amended was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended;
the amendment was concurred in, and the bill was
ordered to be engrossed and read a third time.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On the motion of Mr. ATCHISON^the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of Executive busi-
ness; and after some time spent therein, the doors
were reopened,
And the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. _
Wednesday, June 23, 1852.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Rev. Littleton F. Morgan.
The Journal of yesterday was read andapproved.
The SPEAKER. The first business in ordes*
is the pending amendment to House bilt No. 280—
a bill making grants of land to aid in the construc-
tion of railroads, and for other purposes.
POST ROUTE BILL.
Mr. OLDS. I desire to give notice to the
House, that the Cojnmittee on the Post Office and
Post Roads are engaged in the preparation of their
post route bill. It is desirable that members hav-
ing memorials and petitions upon that subject
should see they are attended to before the bill is
reported, so that no amendments may be offered
afterwards. •
| GRANTS OF LANDS TO THE STATES FOR
| RAILROADS®
j The SPEAKER, The pending amendment to
j House bill No. 280, offered as a substitute for the
! third section, will be read.
j It was read by the Clerk, as follows:
| Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That of the lands
, hereby granted to the eleven first-named States, a portion of
the proceeds thereof shall he applied to the said States re-
spectively, m the manner directed in the preceding section
to aid m the constiuction of the following lines or routes of
railroads, namely: From Toledo, Ohio, via Logansport,
Lafayette, and Peona, to Burlington; from Cincinnati,
Ohio, via Vmcennes, to St. Louis, with a bianch from a
point m Illinois, via Mount Carmel, to New Albany; from
such point on the Mississippi river, within the limits of Ar-
kansas, as that State shall appoint, via Little Ri.ck, to Fort
Smith, Arkansas, with a branch from Little Rock to Ful-
ton, on the Red river, and a branch from Little Rock to
Cairo, at the mouth of the Ohio river; from Terre Haute,
in Indiana, via Springfield, to Bloommgton, in Illinois;
from New Orleans, by the way ot Jackson and Canton, in
Mississippi, thence to connect by the nearest and best route
with the proposed Nashville and New Orleans railroad, and
from Canton, by the way of fiolly Springs, to the line of
the State of Tennessee; from Girard, in Alabama, to the
waters of the Mobile bay; from Biandon, in Mississippi,,
to Montgomery, in Alabama; from Pensacola bay, in Flor-
ida, to Montgomery, m Alabama; from the river or Lake
Paint Clair, or the waters flowing into the same, to Lake
Michigan; from the southern boundary of Wisconsin,
through JanesviUe and Fond dn Lac, to Lake Superior;
from Sehna, in Alabama, to Gunter's Landing, on the Ten-
nessee liver; from the Atlantic Ocean, in Florida, to the
Gulf of Mexico, m said State; from Davenport andBur-
; lington, m Iowa, to the Missoun river, and from Dubuque
. to the Sioux river, and to Keolcuck, in said State; from
Mamtoowoc, in Wisconsin, to the Mississippi river; from
San Francisco to San Jos6; from the Saginaw river to
Mackinaw, in the State of Michigan ; from Mobile bay, in
Florida, and to the Chattahoochee river and Flint river, m
Georgia; fiom a point opposite New Orleans to the Sabine
river, m Louisiana; fiom Shreveport to the Mississippi
nver. Said railroads to be constructed on the most direct
and feasible routes between the points before mentioned,
ami the proceeds of the residue of the land herein granted
| to the said eleven first-named States respectively, to he ap-
: plied by them to aid in the constiuction of such other raii-
' roads as the Legislatures of said States may respectively
; designate: Provided, No more land shall be taken by any
I State under this act in the whole, than is granted to said
! State by the first section thereof.
I The question was then taken upon the amend-
| ment, and it was rejected—yeas 73, nays 95; as fol-
' lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ahercrombie, Allison, William AppJe-
ton. Beale, Bennett, Bowie, Bowne, Brenton,Briggs,George
H.Brown, Caldwell, Chandler, Chapman, Clark, Cobb,
Cottir.an, George T. Davis, John G. Davis, Dockery, Dun-
can, Dnrkee, Eastman, Edgerton, Ficklin, Fitch, Fowler,
; Henry M. Fuller, Cilmore, Goodenow, Harper, Horsford,
; James Johnson, Kuhns, Kuitz, Loekhait, Mace, Martin,
| Meaeham, Molony, Henry I). Mooie, John Moore, More-
! head, Morrison, Outlaw, Andrew Parker, Samuel W. Par-
