1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1603
ker, Perkins, Phelps, Porter, Richardson, Riddle, Robie,
Jlobmson, Sackett, Schoolcraft, Schoonmaker, Scudder,
Smith, Stanly, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton,
Abraham P. Stephens, Stratton, Stuart, Benjamin Thomp-
son, George W. Thompson, Venable, Wal bridge, Walsh,
Well#, Alexander White, Williams, and Yates—73.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Charles AUen, John Appleton,
Ashe, Averett, David J. Bailey, Barrere, Bell, Bocock,
Bragg, Breckinridge, Brooks, Burrows, Burt, Busby, Joseph
Cable, Lewis D. Campbell, Cartter, Caskie, ChaMaiu,
Churchwell, Cleveland, Clingman, Colcock, Curtis, Dan-
iel, Dawson, Dimmick, Disney, Dunham, Edniuud>on,
Faulkner, Floyd, Gaylord, Gentry, Giddinjrs, Gorman,
Green,Grey,Hamilton, Hammond,IsliamG.Harris.Samp-
son W. Harris, Hart, Haven, Hendricks, Hibbard, Hillyer,
Holladay, Houston, Jolm W. Howe, Hunter, Ingersoll,
Jackson, Andiew Johnson, John Johnson, RobertW. John-
son, Daniel T. Jones, George W. Jones, J. Glaney Jones,
Preston King, Letcher, Mann, Humphrey Marshall", Mason,
McLanahan, McMulhn, McNair, McQueen, Murphy, Mur- j
ray, Nabers, Olds, Oir, Penri, Powell, Robbms, Ross, Sav-
age, Scurry, David L. Seymoui, Benjamin Stanton, Alex-
ander H. Stephens, Sutherland, Sweetser, Taylor, Thurs-
ton, Toombs, T'owns.hend, Wallace, Waulj Watkme, Ad-
dition White, Wilcox, and Woodwaul—95.
Previous to the announcement of the preceding
vote,
Mr. GROW said: I have paired off with my
colleague, [Mr. Bibighaus.] He would have
voted for the bill.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I move to re-
consider the vote by which the amendment was
rejected, and to lay the motion to reconsider upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The question recurred on ordering the bill to be
engrossed, and read a third time.
Mr. STUART demanded the yeas and nays;
which were ordered,
Mr. RICHARDSON". Is a motion for a call
of (he House now in order?
The SPEAKER. The previous question still
operating, it is not in order.
Mr. RICHARDSON. X more that the bill be
laid upon the table.
Mr. BE ALE. Upon that motion I demand the
yeas and'nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken on the motion to lay
the bill upon the table, and it was disagreed to—
yeas 87, nays 96; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Aiken, Willis Allen, Ashe,
Averett, Thomas H. Bayly, Bissell, Btfcock, Brans, Breck-
mridije, Albert G. Brown, Busby, Joseph Cable, Thompson
Campbell, Cartter, Caskfe, Chastam, Churchwell, Cobb,
Colcock, Daniel, John G. Davis, Dawson, Disnev, Dun-
ham, Durkee, Eastman, Edgeiton, Edmundson, Faulkner,
Fickim, Fitch, Floyd- Gorman, Green, Hamilton, Ham-
mond, Isham G. Hams, Sampson W. Harris, Hart, Hen-
ducks, Hibbard, lIiliyer,Holladav. Houston, Howard, Ives,
Jackson, Andrew Johnson, John Johnson, Robeit W. John-
son, Geoijre W. Jones, J. Glancy Jonrs, Preston King,
Lockhait, Mace, Mason, McLanahan, MeMnllin, McNaii,
McClueen, Meade, Miilson,Molony,Murphy,Nabei^.Olds,
Orr, I'erin,Phelps, Powell, Ricliaidson, Robbing Robinson,
Ross, Savage, Scurry, Smith, Stonf, Stuart, Svvcctspr,
George W. Thompson, Townshend, Wallace, Wilcox,
Woodward, and Vates—S7.
nays—Messrs. Charle3 Allen, Allison, William Apple-
ton, P>artere, Beaie, Belt, Bennett, Bowie, Bowne, Bien-
ton, Briggs, Brooks, Geoige If. Brown, Burrows, Burt,
E. Cairmgton Cabell, Caldwell, Lewis D. Campbell,
Chandler, Chapman, Clark, Cleveland, Clingman, Coitman,
Geo. T. Davis, Dimmiek, Dockerv, Doty, Duncan, ftvan*,
Ewmg, Fowler, Henry M. Fuller,Gentry, Giimoie, Goode-
now, Grey, Hatper, Haws, Haven, Hoisfoid, John W.
Howe, Hunter, InsersoH, James Johnson, DanielT. Jones,
Geor<ie G. Kin?, Kuhns, Kurtz, Landry, Maim, Dumphtey
Marshall, Martin, Meacham, Hentv D. Mooie, John Moore,
Morehead, Morusfin, Mmrav, Newton, Outlaw, Andrew
Patker, Samuel W. Parker, Perkins, Poiter.Riddle, Robie, I
Sackett, Schoolcraft, Schoonmaker, Scudder, David L.
Seymour, Crimen S. Seymour, Smart, Stanly, Benjamin
Stanton, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Abra-
ham P. Stephens. Alexander H. Stephens, Stiatton, Suther-
land. Taylor, Benjamin Thompson, Thurston, Toombs,
Venable, Walbrid«e, WaMi, Ward, Washburn. Watkms,
Welch, Wells, Addison White, and Williams—96.
The question recurring, Shall the bill be en-
grossed and read a third time?—it was put and
agreed to—yeas 95, nays 92; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Charles Allen, Allison, William Apple-
ton, David J,. Bailey, Barrere, Beale, Bell, Bennett, Bowie,
Bowne, Brenton, Brigas, Brook?, George H. Brown, Bur-
rows, Caldwell, Lewis 1). Campbell, Chandler, Chapman,
Clark, Cleveland, Ctingman, Cottman, George T. Davis,
Dimmick. Dockery. Doty, Duncan, Evans, Fowler, Hemy
M Fulb-r, Gentry,' Gilmore, Goodenow, Oiey, Harper,
Haws, Haven, Horsford, John W. Howe, Thos. M. Howe,
Hunter, Ingersoll. James Johnson, Daniel T. Jones, Geoige
G. Kin", Kuhns, Kurtz, Landry, Mann, Humphiey Mar-
shal!, Martin, Meaciiam, TTenrv D. Moore. John Moore,
More'head, Morrison, Murray, Newton. Outlaw, Andrew
Parker. Samuel W. Parker, Perkins, Porter, Riddle, Robie,
Sackett, Schoolcraft, Schoonmaker, Scudder, David L
Seymour, Origen S. Seymour, Smart, Snow, Stanly, Ben-
jamin Stanton., Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton,
Abraham P, Stephens, Alexander II. Stephens, Stratton,
Taylor, Benjamin Thompson, Thurston, Toombs, Venable,
Walbridge, Walsh, Ward, Washburn, Watkins, Welch,
Wells, Addison White, and Williams—93.
N A YS—Messrs. Aberorombie, Aiken, Willis Allen, John
Appleton, Ashe, Averett, Thos. H. Bayly, Bissell,Bocock,
Bragg, Breckinridge, Albert G. Brown, Burt, Busby, Joseph
Cable, Thompson Campbell, Cartter, Caskie, Chnstam,
Churchwell, Cobb, Colcock, Curtis, Daniel, John G. Davis,
Dawson, Disney, Dunham, Duikee, Eastman, Edgerton,
Edmundson, Faulk uei, Fieklin, Fitch, Florence, Floyd,
Gorman, Gieeri, Hamilton, Hammond, Isliam G! Harris,
Sampson W. Haiu^/llait, Hendricks, Hibhaid, IHllyer,
Holladay, Houston, Howard, Ives, Jackson, Andiew John-
son, John Johnson, Robert VV". Johnson, George W. Jones,
J. Glancy Jones, Preston King, Letcher, Loekhart, Mace,
Mason, McLanahan, McNair, McQueen, Meade, Millson,
Molony, Murpiiv, Nabers, Olds, Orr,Penn, I'lielps. Powell,
Richardson, Itobluns, Robinson, Ross, Savage, Scurry,
Smith, Stone, Smait, Sutherland, Sweetser, George W.
Thompson,Townshend, Wallace. Wilcox, Woodwaid, and
Yates—9-2.
Previous to the announcement of the preceding
vote,
Mr. FITCH rose and said: I rise to a question
of order. If the vote be what I understand it
will—that the order for the engrossment and third
reading will be carried by one vote—I now give
notiee that I shall desire the Speaker to vote.
Mr. HOUSTON. That point should be raised
after, and not previous, to the announcement of
the vote by the Speaker.
Mr. BENNETT obtained the floor.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I suggest to
the gentleman from New York, the morning hour
having expired, to move to recommit this bill; so
that it may be before the House for consideration
to-morrow morning.
Mr. BENNETT. That is the intent with
which I obtained the floor. I move to recommit
the bill to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. STUART, f rise to a question of order.
I object to that motion as out of order. The
morning hour has expired. I move that the
House proceed to the consideration of the business
upon the Speaker's table.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York moves a recommittal of the bill; will the
gentleman from Michigan state his point of order?
Mr. STUART. It is this: I rose, stated the
morning hour had expired, and of course have
the precedence to make the motion to go to the
business upon the Speaker's table.
The SPEAKER. The decision of the Chair,
with regard to that point, is this: The gentleman
from New York [Mr. Bennett] rose and was
recognized by the Chair; and until he stated what
his purpose was, the gentleman from Michigan
could not obtain the floor for any purpose. Both
may have risen precisely with the same design.
The Chair will state now, however, that the morn-
ing hour has expired.
Mr. STUART. I made that inquiry before the
gentleman from New York was recognized.
[Cries all over the Hall of (t No !" ^ No !"]
The SPEAKER. The fact that the morning
hour has expired does not necessarily carry the
House from the consideration of this business. A
motion for that purpose must be submitted and
agreed to first.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. It is, that the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Bennett] had no right to make the
motion to recommit, for the reason that the pre-
vious question was not then exhausted. The
question was upon the engrossment of the bill,
and ordering it to be read a third time. That order
has not yet been executed—the bill not having
been read a third time—and, consequently, the
previous question not having been exhausted, the
motion to recommit could not be submitted.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the bill
a third time. The Chair will state, in advance,
that the gentleman from New York will be enti-
tled to the floor by the practice and courtesy of
the House, should he claim it.
Mr. JONES. Have I not the right, at this
time, to move that the rules be suspended, and
that the House resolve itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union before that
bill is read a third time ?
The SPEAKER,. The morning hour having
expired, the gentleman might move to go to the
business upon the Speaker's table.
Mr. JONES. I wish that point understood—
that I can take the floor from the gentleman oc-
cupying it after the morning hour has expired.
The SPEAKER. The rule reads: "After
commitment and report thereof to the House, or
at any time before its passage, a bill may be re-
committed."
Mr. JONES. But then the previous question
is still operating. The bill has not yet been read
a third time.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has directed the
Clerk to read it.
Mr. JONES. And have I not the right to the
floor between the vote being taken upon the en-
grossment?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York claims it.
Mr. JONES. I inquire whether I can move
that the rules be suspended, and that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the (Jnion? I conceive that that mo-
tion is clearly in order; because the morning hour
has expired. „ After theexpiration of the morning
hour, I can take the floor from the gentleman oc-
cupying it and addressing the House, and if I can
get the floor at any time after it has expired, or
even during the morning hour 
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman will sus-
pend, the Chair decides the House having ordered
the bill to be read a third time, it must, in obe-
dience to that older, be read a third time.
Mr. JONES. One solitary word. On yester-
day the motion was made, and has been repeat-
! edly submitted here after the mam question had
! been ordered to be put, that the House go to the
| business upon the Speaker's table, or into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. CARTTER. I object tp this consump-
tion of time.
Mr. ORR. I will make a suggestion. The
Speaker decides, as I understand, that in pursu-
ance to the order of the House, the bill must now
be read before anything else can be done. I sub-
mit this question: Suppose that bill had not been
engrossed, how would it be possible that the or-
der could be executed? it is not to be presumed
that the bill is engrossed
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman take an
appeal ?
Mr. JONES. I inquire whether the Chair de-
cides 
[Cries of" Order!" " Order'"]
Mr. JONES. I wish to inquire whether my
point has been overruled?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has ordered the
bill to be read a third time.
Mr. JONES. I appeal from the decision of the
Chair.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I move to lay
that appeal upon the table.
Mr. ORR. I demand the yeas and nays on the
motion to lay the appeal upon the table.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MEADE. The question is now upon an
appeal taken from the decision of the Chair?
The SPEAKER. It is; and the Chair will
state the nature of the decision from which the
appeal has been taken. The House, by vote, a
few minutes since, ordered the bill to be engiossed
and read a third time. The Choir decided, m
obedience to that order, that the bill must be read
a third time. The gentleman from Tennessee
; [Mr. Jontrs] raised the question of order, that he
! had the right, at that particular stage of the pro-
ceedings, to submit a motion that the House re-
solve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union. The Chair overruled the
question of order. The gentleman took un appeal.
, The gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Stephens]
moved to lay that appeal upon the table, which
motion is now pending.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask whether it be now in
order to move that the House adjourn5
The SPEAKER. The Chair will decide that
question when it arises.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands the
object of the gentleman. It is to embarrass the
Chair.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 am glad the Speaker does.
It is legitimate.
The question was then taken on the motion to
adjourn, and it was disagreed to.
'Mr. MEADE. As the fate of this bill will
probably depend on the vote upon the motion to
lay the appeal from the decision of the Chair upon
the table, I move a call of the House.
