1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
691
daily, but the company have not the means of
paying the duties to the Government, and hence
the result must be that the work wili be impeded
and retarded.
^ Sir, it seems to me a most<extraordinary propo-
sition that whilst the gentleman from Ohio is wili- j
ing to repeal all the duty upon iron, he will not
grant the small favor which is asked for this rail-
road. We of North Corolina come here to ask
for very littie. We make very few demands from
this Government; and it passes my comprehension
how gentlemen who are willing to vote millions of
the public domain to build up internal improve-
ments, can refuse this small aid for the construc-
tion of a railroad.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, (interrupting.) |
If i understand this bill, it proposes that the duty I
on the iron to be used on this road, shall be re- ]
mined?
Not at all. |
Weil, that it shall be sus- i
But I am wandering
Mr. OUTLAW.
Mr. JOHNSON,
pended?
Mr. OUTLAW.
Mr. JOHNSON.
Yes.
I understand, also, that a
large portion of the iron for this road has been
already introduced, and of course duty must have
been paid upon some portions of it.
Mr. OUTLAW. It is in warehouses, in bond.
Mr. JOHNSON. Well, is the duty on thatij
portion already introduced to be paid or not?
Mr. OUTLAW. In reply to the gentleman
from Arkansas I will state, that the iron which
has been already imported is in warehouses, in
bond; and it must necessarily remain there until
the company can raise money enough to pay the
duty.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then I ask why the gentle-
man from North Carolina, and the gentleman from
Virgtnia, and other gentlemen who advocate the
remission or suspension of the duty on this iron,
and who would stop this money from going into
the Treasury, are not willing to appropriate an
acre of the public lands to aid in the construction
of railroads?—lands, fourfifths of which, they
know, cannot pay a cent into the Treasury for
years, if at all? I am willing to go with the gen-
tleman for the remission of these duties; but I do
not see the difference, in point of principle, be-
tween voting for a bill of this kind and a bill to
grant lands to railroad companies.
Mr. OUTLAW. If the honorable gentleman
will turn to the records of the last Congress, he
will find that I voted for the bill to give the swamp
lands to Arkansas. I have not voted, and I will
not vote, the public domain to particular States for
their benefit, to the exclusion of my own constitu-
ents, but I am willing to appropriate the proceeds
that may arise from the sale of that domain fairly,
justly, and equally to all parts of the country.
Mr. JOHNSON. I understand this bill pro-
poses to permit this railroad in North Carolina to
pay the duty on its iron in bonds which may be
discharged in mail service. Is that the proposi-
tion ;
Several Voices. It is.
Mr. JOHNSON. I intend to vote for this bill,
but I wish to ask the gentleman from North Caro-
lina, if he is willing to let the new States buy the
alternate sections of the public lands along their
railroad lines, and pay for them in bonds to be
discharged in the same way?
Mr. OUTLAW. I am notheretobe catechised;
nor can it be expected that when a new proposi-
tion of this sort is propounded, I can answer it at
once.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I raise this |j
question of order, that it is not competent for mem- i
bers of this House to rise publicly and make bar-
gains with each other about their roads. [Laugh-
ter.]
The SPEAKER. The Choir overrules the
point of order.
Mr. JOHNSON. The gentleman is perhaps ji
the first and the last one that would make bargains j
in this House, or out of it. No one here has pro- U
posed such a thing. M
Mr. OUTLAW. The question propounded to !;
me is one which I will consider when it shall be I,
properly presented; but, in regard to the improve- j;
ments of the new States, and m regard to the im-
provements of the western rivers and lakes, the ' I
honorable gentleman from Arkansas [Mr. Jonx-
son] will recollect that I stood side by side with ij
hun, and voted for the river and harbor bill of the I:
last session of Congress
from the point 
Mr. MEADE. I upon examination that
this bill grants this privilege for four years to this
company. It also provides for the payment of
whatever may be due by the Post Office Depart-
ment to the road at the end of each year, which is
to be received in part payment. The balance is
to be secured by the bonds of the company, and
by good personal security, to be approved by the
district judge; and let me say to my friend from
Arkansas, and my friend from Missouri, that to
make the cases parallel they should ask us to allow
them to purchase the public lands upon a credit of
four years, for the purpose of building their iail-
roads, provided at the same time they gave good
personal security for the payment of their bonds
as they became due. Let them do that, and I will
vote for the proposition.
Mr. OUTLAW. It seems to me that the only
possible reason which can reasonably be urged for
referring this bill is to ascertain the condition of
the Treasury—to see whether it was in such a
condition as to authorize this Congress to grant
the credit which is asked at their hands. We all ■
know what the condition of the Treasury is. We !
know that there is a surplus of money there, and '
we know that the public cannot, by any possibih ;
ity, be injured by granting the credit which this ,
bill provides. It may be that the honorable gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Cartter] might have
some scruples in asking this credit for his own ,
State; but we in North Carolina are in the habit
of paying our debts, and we here offer to give good
security to this Government that we will pay them
when they become due. I move the previous j
question upon this proposition. !
Mr. EWING. 1 appeal to the gentleman to
withdraw for a moment.
Mr. OUTLAW. I must insist upon it. j
Mr. FOWLER. I ask that the bill be read.
Mr. JOHNSON. 1 object to its being read. j
Mr. FOWLER. Has the bill been read at all? j
The SPEAKER. Not by sections. !
Mr. FOWLER. 1 hope the bill will not be put j
upon its passage without givingusanopportunity 1
of knowing what it is.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. I submit j
whether we have not the right to order the reading |
of the bill? !
The SPEAKER- The Chair thinks it is in 1
order to have the bill read. j
It was then read through. j
The main question was then ordered to be put. ;
The question now being upon the motion to re- :
fer to the Committee of Ways and Means, \
Mr. EWING demanded the yeas and nays; but
they were refused. j
Mr. OUTLAW demanded tellers; which were
ordered, and Messrs. Chandler and Cartter j
appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers !
reported—ayes 66, noes 71. i
So the bill was not referred.
Mr. MASON. Has the morning hour expired? ji
The SPEAKER. There is no morning hour. ;
Mr. GENTRY. What is the precise state of \
the question? !;
The SPEAKER. The question now before the :1
House is on ordering the bill to be read a third i
time, under the operation of the previous question.
Mr. SMART. I move that the bill do lie upon
the table.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Upon that motion I de-
mand the yeas and nays.
Mr. MASON. Is it in order to move that ^e
House go into Committee of the Whole?
The SPEAKER. It is not; under the opera-
tion of the previous question.
The yeas ana nays were then ordered.
Mr. MASON. I move that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is ofopinion that
the motion is not in order.
Mr. COBB. What is the question before the
House?
The SPEAKER. It is to lay the bill upon the
table.
Mr. COBB. Is the previous question still m
operation '
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. COBB. I am sorry for it, for I have-been
endeavoring to getthe floor during the discussion of
|j this bill for the purpose of offering an amendment
j! extending theprovisions of this bill, so far as can be
•; made applicable, to the Charleston and Memphis,
and the Selma and Gunter's Landing, and the
Winchester and Alabama railroads, in the States
of Alabama, Mississippi, and Tennessee. If we
intend such provision as the bill proposes, I can-
not see why it should be confined to this road
alone. The roads in my county are at this time
■ importing iron, and have just as much right in
equity, I think, to such provisions as are proposed
' in this bill.
: The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Smart to lay the bill on the table, and it was
disagreed to; there being—yeas 64, nays 99—as
follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, William Appleton,,Busby, Jo-
seph Cable, Lewis D. Campbell, C,utter, Chapman, John
'i G. Davis, Dawson. Doty, Dunham, Edgerton, Evans, Ew-
, inff, Faulkner, Ficklin, Florence, Floyd. Thomas J. D.
1 Fuller, Gamble, Giddins?, Gilmnre, Goodenow, Green,
Isham G. Hants, Hart. Henn, Hibbard, Thomas M. Howe,
,! Ingersoll, Andrew Johnson, John Johnson, J. Giancy
■ ; Jones, Kurtz. Humphrey Marshall, Mason, McCorkle,Mc-
\ Donald, McLanahan, McNair, Meacham. Morrison, Mur-
| ray, Nabers, Newton, Andrew Parker, Perkins, Plielps,
; RantouJ, Robbing Rosp, David L. Seymour, Skelton, Smart,
Snow, Benjamin Stanton, Abraham f. Stevens, Thaddeus
'' Stevens, Stratton, Georjre W. Thompson, Townshend,
Washburn, Wilcox, and Wildrick—64.
< NAYS—Mc^sis. Abercrombio, Aiken, Ashe, Averett,
i Baiiere, Barllett, Beale, Bell, Bennett, John H. Boyd,
Brajrir, Rteekmridiro, Brenton, BjBrooks, Albert G.
; Brown, E. C. Cabell, Thompson Campbell, Chandler,
Chaplain, Churchweil, Clark, Cleveland, Cluigman, Cobb,
1 Conner, Cottman, Curtis, George T. Davi-, Dockery, Dun-
can, Edmundaon, Fitch, Fowler, Ficeiwan, Gavlord, Gen-
tiy, Goiman, Grey, Hall, Harper, Sampson W. Harris,
Haws, Ha^call. Haven, (lebaid, Hendricks, Hoiladay,
, Horsford, Houston, Howaid, Jve -, Jackson, Jame« John,
!! son, Robeit W. Johnson, Kuhns, Landry, Lockhart, Mace-
: Edward C. Mar-hall, Mc.Vlultin, McQueen. Meade,Miller,
Molonv, lleniv D Moore, John Mooie, Moiehead. Murphy,
1 Old-, On, Outlaw, Samuel W. P.uker, Peaslee, Penniman,
I Porter, Powell, Price, Sa\a«re, Schoclcralt, Sehoonmaker,
!i Scudder, Scurry, Smith, Stanly, Stone, St Martin, Stuart,
i Sutherland, Taylor, Benjamin Thompson, Wallace, Ward,
J1 Watkms, WcleJi, Addison White, Alex. White, Wood-
;| ward, and Yates—99.
' The SPEAKER. The question is now upon
! ordering the bill to be read a third time,
i Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. I wish to
I inquire if the previous question still applies to the
1 bili?
I The SPEAKER. It applies upon the proposi-
1 tion to read the bill a third time.
The bill was then ordered to a third reading;
and having been read the third time,
Mr. CLINGM AN. I move the previous question
upon the passage of the bill.
| Mr. SMART. I ask the yeas and nays.
! Mr. EW1NG. Is it in order to move to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was ordered to a
I! third readingr
" The SPEAKER. It is in oider.
Mr. CLINGMAN*. How did the gentleman
I vote on that question?
) Mr. EWING. I voted in the negative.
I Mr. CLINGMAN. The gentleman, then, can-
not make the motion.
i The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Ewixg] voted
with the majority, and he has a right to make the
: motion.
| Mr. EWING. I move, then, to reconsider the
■ vote by which the bill was ordeied to a third read-
ing, and I wish to state (he reasons for the motion.
It is in order to get the bill m a proper condition to
refer it to some committee with instructions to 
Mr. OUTLAW. I rise to a question of order.
I submit whether this proposition is debatable?
The SPEAKER. The proposition is to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was ordered to a
third reading, and that proposition is debatable;
and the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Ewixg]
has a right to make a statement.
Mr. EWING. My purpose, as I was statins:,
is to get the bill in such a condition as that it will
be proper to move its reference, with instructions
' of a general character, if the House will concur in
doing so. It has been decided, it is true, that it is
out of order to move instructions to this bill to
" abolish duties upon railroad iron, but it is not out
of order, as I conceive, to move instructions to the
committee to prepare and hrina: in a bill into this
House, applying the piovisions of this bill to all
railroad companies who choose to take advantage
, of it. While I concur m the general propriety of
1 the principles involved in this bill, I believe it im-
jj proper as an act of special legislation. I believe
