1004
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 23,
± Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I rise to a
(juestion of order. I believe the previous question
is not vet exhausted. ,
1 The SPEAKER. It was exhausted upon or-
dering the bill to be engrossed and read a third
time. - --- , , #> .
Mr-. TSTANT0N. It will not be exhausted
until that order is executed; and if so, the motion
for a call of the House is not in order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the point
of order raised by the gentleman. The motion is
not in order, for the reason that the previous ques-
tion will not be exhausted until the bi|l shall have
been read a third £mie.
The question recurred on the motion to lay the
appeal on the table.
Mr. OR.R demanded the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered.
Mr. ORR. Is it in order to move to proceed to
the consideration of the business on the Speaker's
table?
The SPEAKER. Not until after this question
is taken.
Mr. BENNETT. Before the question is taken,
I wish, as a matter of justice, that one fact should
be set right. I rose, was recognized by the Chair,
and submitted my motion to recommit before the
gentleman made the motion to go to the business
upon the Speaker's table.
The SPEAKER. That is so, and it is a point
which ought to be considered in regard to this bill.
The House should know that so soon as the vote
was announced ordering the bill to be engrossed
and read a third time, the gentleman from New
York rose, was recognized by the Chair, and
moved to recommit the bill.
Mr. BURT. 1 desire to ask a question of the
Chair as to a matter of fact, whether the bill was
actually engrossed ?
The SPEAKER. It is engrossed.
The question was then taken on laying the ap-
peal upon the table; and there were—yeas 129,
nays 50.
So the appeal was laid upon the table.
The bill was then read t he third time.
Mr. BENNETT. I move to recommit the bill
to the Committee on Public Lands; and upon that
motion I call for the previous question.
Mr. STUART. 1 move to proceed to the busi-
ness on the Speaker's table.
Mr. MOREHEAD. I hope the gentleman will
suspend one moment for a privileged question.
Mr. STUART. For a personal explanation >
Mr. MOREHEAD. I wish to make a personal
explanation, and I will detain the House but a
moment. It is thts: That when the motion was
made to lay this bill upon the table, and the yeas
and nays were called, 1 was under the impression
that the question was upon reading the bill a third
time, anu I voted ay. I beg of the House the
privilege of having the Journal corrected.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk informs the Chair
that the gentleman voted in the negative.
Mr. MOREHEAD. Some of my friends told
me differently.
The question being upon Mr. Stuart's motion
to proceed to the business on the Speaker's ta-
ble-
Mr. BENNETT demanded a division.
The question was then taken, and there were—
ayes 55, noes not counted.
Mr. STUART demanded tellers; and they were
ordered.
The question was then taken, Messrs. Stuart
and Fowler acting as tellers, and there were—
ayes 94, noes not counted.
So the House agreed to proceed to the business
upon the Speaker's table.
Mr. MEADE. If the motion has not been
made—and I am not able to say whether it has,
there has been so much confusion in the Hall—
I ask if it is in order to move a reconsideration of
the vote by which this bill was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time?
The SPEAKER. It is in order.
Mr. MEADE. Then I make that motion.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Virginia propose action at'this moment?
Mr. MEADE. 1 only ask that the motion be
entered upon the Journal.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. How did the
gentleman from Virginia vote ?
The SPEA.KER. If the gentleman voted in
the affirmative he has a right clearly to submit the
motion to reconsider the motion. It can be en-
tered upon the Journal, and considered during the
morning hour to-morrow.
Mr. STANTON. I rise to inquire if the gen-
tleman voted in the affirmative ?
Mr. MEADE. I wish the Clerk would inform
the House whether I voted in the affirmative or
negative.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk informs me that
the gentleman voted in the negative; and the mo-
tion of the gentleman from Virginia cannot, there-
fore, be entertained.
INDEMNITY TO SPANISH SUBJECTS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a mes-
sage from the President of the United States,
which was read, as follows:  
To the Senateand House of Representatives :
I transmit herewith,for your consideration, areportfrom
the Secretary of State, accompanied by a communication
fiom his Excellency Senor Don A. Calderon delaBaiea,
Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary of her
Catholic Majesty, claiming indemnity for those Spanish
subjects in New Orleans who sustained injury from the
unlawful violence of the mob in that city, consequent upon
"hearing the news of the execution ofthose persons who un-
lawfully invaded Cuba in August, 1851. My own views of
the national liability upon this subject were expressed in
the note of the Secretary of State to Mr. Calderon of the
18th November, 1851; and I do not understand that her
Catholic Majesty's Minister controverts the correctness of
the position there taken. He, however, insists that the
13th article of the treaty of 1795 promises indemnity for such
injuries sustained within one year utterthc commencement
of war between the two nations; and, although he admits
tins is not within the letter of the treaty, yet he conceives
that, as between two friendly nations, itis within the spirit
of it.
This vjcw of the case is, at his request, submitted for
your considciation. But whether you may deem it correct
or not, there is, perhaps, one ground upon which this in-
demnity, which cannot he Idige m amount, may be granted
without establishing a dangerous precedent, and the grant-
ing of which would commend itself to the generous Icehnir
oAhe entire counuv, and that is this : The Queen of
Spain, with a magnanimity worthy of all commendation,
in a case wheie we had no legal right to solicit the favor,
granted a ftee pardon to the persons who had so unjustifia-
bly invaded hei dominions and murdeml her subjects in
Cuba, m violation of her own laws, as well as those of the
United States, and the public law of nations. Such an act
of mercy, which restored many misguided and unfortunate
youth o'l this countiy to their parents and friend*, seems to
me to mfM-it some corresponding act of magnanimity and
generosity on the part of the Government of this country;
and I think that there can be none more appropriate than
to grant an indemnity to those Spanish subjects who were
resident among us, and who suffered by the violence of the
mob, not on account of any fault which they themselves
had committed, but because they were the subjects of the
Queen of Spain. Such an act would tend to confirm that
friendship which has so long existed between the two na-
tions, and to perpetuate it as a bles^i ng to both; and I there-
foie commend it to your favorable consideration.
MILLARD FILLMORE.
Washington, June 14th, 185^.
On motion by Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia,
the communication was referred to the Committee
on Foreign Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HOUSTON. 3 move that the rules of the
House be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Wholeon the stale
of the CJnion, for the purpose of taking up the bill
to supply deficiencies. Several gentlemen desire
to make speeches.
Mr. FLORENCE. Is it in order to move to
refer the French spoliation bill to the Committee
on Foreign Affairs?
The SPEAKER. Such a motion is not in
order, as the bill is not before the House.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Hous-
ton's motion, and it was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Seymour, of Connecticut, in the
chair.)
Mr. HOUSTON. I move to take up House
bill No, 207—the deficiency bill—with the Senate
amendments.
The CHAIRMAN. The question before the
committee is House bill No. 43, and without a
motion to postpone it by unanimous consent, the
gentleman's motion cannot he entertained.
Mr. HOUSTON. I can move to take up either.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Townshend] is
entitled to the floor upon the other bill, and if he
desires to change and speak upon this bill, there
will be no objection.
Mr. CLEVELAND. I object to any change.
Let the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Townshend]
make his speech upon the bill before the commit-
tee when he obtained the floor.
Mr. HOUSTON. It makes no difference upon
which bill the gentleman from Ohio makes his
speech-. It ia with his assent that 1 make this-
motion.
Mr. CLEVELAND. I withdraw my objec-
tion.
The deficiency bill was then taken up for con-
sideration.
Mr. TOWNSHEND, after replying- to a por-
tion of Mr. Stanlt's remarks, made some days
since, relating to himself, proceeded to submit
some remarks on the presentcondition of the Dem-
ocratic party. He considered this party as a party
of progress, as a party of the present and future
rather than of the past. For this reason he had co-
operated with it, and had labored for it with all the
energy he possessed. But the Democratic party
did not own him, and he was not bound to follow
its dictates, right or wrong. When, however, he
could employ this agent to promote the great ends
of humanity and justice, then and then only would
he act with it. The Democratic Convention sof
Baltimore, composed of chosen delegates from the
whole country, was doubtless only authorized to
select men to be their standard-bearers in the ap-
proaching contest. It was also authorized to pro-
claim' to the world the sentiments of the Demo-
cratic party. But he did not understand it to be
the right of that convention to publish, ds the
sentiments of the Democratic party, doctrines
which were held only by a portion of that party.
The convention indorsed the compromise meas-
ures of the last Congress—a series of measures
concocted by Clay, sustained by Webster, and
put through by the forceof Fillmore's administra-
tion. Now, he protested against this stealing of
Whig thunder—this stealing of Whig timber,
with which to build a Democratic platform. He
protested against the interpolation into the Demo-
cratic creed of* any thing which could make the
party the ally of slavery and oppression. The
Whig party, if either, was the natural ally of
slavery; the Democratic party had a much higher
and nobler mission to perform. The resolution
affirming the compromise measures was a fraud,
and intended to humbug those who chose to be
humbugged by it. [Mr. T.'s speech will be found
in the Appendix.]
Mr. GIDDINGrS obtained the floor, and ad-
dressed the House an hour in opposition to the
platforms adopted by the Baltimore nominating
conventions, in regard to the slave question. He
repudiated them, and declared his intention, on his
return to his constituency, to advocate the same
doctrines of human liberty which had occupied
his mind for the last fifteen years. [His speech
will be published hereafter.]
Mr. HORSFORD next obtained the floor, but
yielded to
Mr. BELL, who moved that the committee
rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose, and the Speak-
er having resumed the chair, the chairman (Mr.
Seymour, of Connecticut,) reported that the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union had,
according to order, had the Union generally under
consideration, and particularly the deficiency ap-
propriation bill, and had come to no conclusion
thereon.
Mr. ROBBINS. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to, and
The House adjourned till to-morrow at twelve
o'clock, m.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions were presented under the rule,
andieferred to appropriate committees :
By Mr. ROBBINS: The petition of Robnit Bell, George
W. Ashe, and 34 other residents of the county of Philadel-
phia, Pennsylvania, asking Congress to so modify the act
passed September 28, 1830, as to give to each person in-
tended to be benefited thereby, one hundred aud sixty
acres ofland.
By Mr. STANTON, of Ohio: The petition of John Ham-
ilton, of Champaign county, Ohio, praying compensation
for his tmip, whilst he wa< a prisoner with Indians, m the
war of 1812.
By 3\Ir. ROBIE: The petition of Holman Marsh and
Moses Bennett, for a post route from Bath, Steuben county,
New York, to Towlesville, m said county.
By >Ir. SCUDDER: The petition of Zenas D. Bassett
and others, of Massachusetts, for the removal of a sunken
wreck from the north channel of the Vineyard Sound.
On motion by Mr. BOWNE, it was
Ordered, That the papers of Hannah W. Beek be with-
drawn from the files of the House and refened to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims.
