2468
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 30,
human heart. This bill seems to find universal
support upon a momentary charity, upon an ex-
citement of sympathy for those who are suffering
under the misfortune of the deprivation of intellect.
Now, my policy, the policy of the gentleman from
California, and others who wish to amend this
bill—as it is a portion of the land system—is to
provide for coming ages.
We are not limited by that momentary sympa-
' thy which acts upon the spur of the occasion, to
make a mere temporary arrangement; but, sir, our
charities extend, and our sympathies extend for
the insane and for the sane also; not merely for
a day, or a year, but through all coming ages. It
is for these reasons that I wish the bill considered
now and amended.
Mr. WELLER. Mr. President, I voted to
take up this bill, with the sincere hope that we
might be able to pass it. I have voted against lay-
ing it on the table, anticipating that gentlemen
would refrain from offering their amendments.
But I see that there is no hope whatever for the
passage of the bill at this session. It was one to
which I was devoted. It was a bill which com-
mended itself to my judgment, and all of the sym-
pathies of my heart. But I see it is utterly impos-
sible to make any progress with it at this session.
I am therefore driven to the necessity of moving
that the bill, with the amendments, lie on the table.
Mr. BELL. I submit that the motion is not in
order.
Mr. WELLER. I believe that a motion to lay
on the table takes precedence of a motion to post-
pone. The pending question was on the motion
to postpone, and 1 have moved that the bill lie on
the table.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Norris.)
The Senator from California [Mr. Gwin] moved
- to lay the bill upon the table, and that motion was
rejected. Since that time there has been no busi-
ness done; and therefore the Chair decides that
the motion of the other Senator from California is
not in order.
Mr. WELLER. There has been action of the
Senate since that motion was made.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Not that the
Chair is aware of.
Mr. WELLER. A motion to postpone has
' been entertained, and that I apprehend is action.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion to
postpone was made before the first motion to lie
on the table.
Mr. BADGER. I wish to make a suggestion
on the point of order. I would suggest to the
Chair, that although there may have been no mo-
tion intervening since the first motion to lie on the
table, yet if debate has arisen, the second motion
is in order; otherwise, if the Senate once refuse to
order a bill to lie on the table, they might go on
and discuss it for six, eight, or ten hours, and
could not then order it to lie on the table.
Mr. WELLER. I think there has been action
since the former motion to lie on the table was dis-
posed of. The subject has been considered and
debated upon a motion to postpone; and therefore
I think it is now in order to move that the bill lie
on the table.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
of a different opinion.
Mr. WELLER. My object is to get rid of de-
bate, and I am therefore constrained to appeal from
the decision of the Chair.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair has
decided that the motion of the Senator from Cali-
fornia is not in order, inasmuch as there has been,
according to the view of the Chair, no business
intervening since the former motion to lie on the
table was rejected. The question is, " Shall the
decision of the Chair stand as the judgment of the
Senate?"
The question being taken, the decision of the
Chair was overruled.
The question then recurred on the motion of
, Mr. Weller, that the bill, with the amendments,
lie on the table.
Mr. SEWARD asked for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered; and being taken, resulted
—yeas 15, nays 25; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Butler, Cass, Chariton, De
Saussuip, Dodirf' of Iowa, Douglas. Downs, Houston, Hun-
ter, Kinjj, Meiiwether, Toucey, Walker, and Weller—15.
NAYS—Messrs. Badger, Bell, Brooke. Chase, Clarke,
Cooper, Davis, Dawson, Foot, Geyer, Rale,' Hamlin, James,
Jones of Iowa, Maliory, Mangum, Morton, Norris, Pearee,
Seward, Shields, Spruance, Sumner, Underwood, Upham,
and Wade—25.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. BORLAND. I have an amendment to
offer. X submitted it informally sometime since,
and it was then ordered to lie on the table. My
intention was to offer it as a substitute for the
original bill; but I now offer it as an amendment
to the amendment of the Senator from California,
[Mr. Gwin.] It is to strike out all after the en-
acting clause of his amendment, and insert:
That there be granted to the several Status, for the pur-
poses hereafter mentioned, ten millions of acres of land, to
be apportioned under the direction of the President of the
United States in the compound ratio of the geographical
area and representation of s'aid States in the House of Rep-
resentatives, according to the census of 1850: Provided,
That the area of.no State shall be computed at more than
fifty-five thousand square miles.
Sec. 2. *&nd be it further enacted, That the land afore-
said, after being surveyed, shall be apportioned to -the sev-
e al States in sections or subdivisions of sections, and
whenever the*e are lands of suitable quality in a State, the
quantity to which said State shall be entitled shall be se-
lected from such lands, and the quantity apportioned to
any State in which there are no such lands shall be located
in the territory belonging to tile United States, and not
wtthin the limits of any State to which the Indian title
shall be extinguished ; and it shall be the duty of the States
to offer the said lands immediately, and to complete the
same at the earliest practicable day: Provuled, That the
said lands shall not be sold at a less rate per acre than the
minimum price of the public lands, and.thatthey be subject
to the rightof pieemption, like the said public lands: Pro-
vided, also, That the lands hereby granted shall be taken
from such portion of the public lands as shall' be subject to
entry at private sale at the time of selection.
Sec. 3. *4nd be it further enacted, That whenever the
appoitionment of said lands shall be completed, patents
shall be issue'd to the several States for the portions which
shall be allotted.to theuij respectively ; and'thereupon the
said States shall assume the management and sale of the
lands thus apportioned to them.
Sec. 4. Jind be it further enacted, That all the ex-
penses of management and superintendence of said lands
previous to their sales, and all expenses incurred in the
management and disbursement of the moneys which may
be received therefrom, shall be paid by the States to which
they may belong.
Sec. 5. Jind beit further enacted, That all moneys de-
rived from the sales of the lands aforesaid, shall be invested
in stocks of the United States, or of the States, and that the
moneys so invested shall constitute a perpetual fund, the
capital of which shall remain forever undiminished, and
the interest of which shall be inviolably appropriated to the
comfortable maintenance and support of the curable andin-
curable indigent insane, blind, deaf,anddumb.
Sec.6. Jindbeit further enacted^hox thegrantof land
hereby authorized shall be made on the conditions follow-
ing, to which, as well as to the provisions hereinbefore con-
tained, the previous assent of the several States shall be
signified by legislative acts :
First. If any portion of the fund invested asprovidpd by
the foregoing section, or any portion of the interest thereon,
shall by any action or contingency be diminished or lost, it
shall b« replaced by the State to which it belongs, so that
the capital of the fund shall remain forever undiminished,
and the annual inteiest shall be regularly applied without
diminution to the purposes mentioned in the fifth section of
this act.
Second. The interest of said fund shall be faithfully ap-
plied to the maintenance and support of the curable and in-
curablc indigent insane. blind, deaf, and dumb, who shall be
placed in regularly-organized State institutions,orin public
incorporated institutions or hospitals, for the exclusive care
of the insane, blind, deaf, and dumb, or in public hospitals
or schools for the sole care and treatment of the same,
having full coips of officers charged with the management
of said institutions, and resident physicians attached there-
to ; and in no case shall any part of the said fund or the in-
terest thereof, he applied permanently or tempoiarily to the
maintenance or support of insane pei sons who may be kept
or confined in jails, or in buildings connected with or at-
tached to them, or in any work-houses or poor-houses, or
in any department of the same wiiatsoever, or m any pri-
vate hospital, or m any general hospital not exclusively de-
voted to and occupied* foi the remedial care of the same.
Sec. 7. j&nd be it further enacted, That if any State
shall establish a public State institution for the maintenance
and education of idiots, they may, at the discretion of such
State, be permitted to paiticipate in the benefits of this act,
under the restrictions hereinbefore specified, and in the
ratio of their numbers, relatively to the insane, for whose
maintenance and suppoit the interest of the fund belonging
to such State shall be applied, anything in this act to the
contiary notwithstanding.
Sec. 8. Jind be it further enacted, That the right of way
through the public lands bo, and the same hereby is, grant-
ed to the following States respectively, viz: Arkansas,
Iowa, Wisconsin, Michigan, Ohio, Indiana, Mississippi,
Louisiana, Alabama, Florida, and California, and to the
Territory of Minnesota, for the constiuction, under the au-
thority and direction of the Legislatures respectively of
each of said States and of the said Territory, upon such
route or routes as said States or Territory respectively shall
direct, between the following points, viz: in Arkansas,
from a point on the west bank of the Mississippi river op-
posite the town of Memphis, Tennessee, by way of Little
Rock, to or near Fulton, on Red river; from Helena, by
way of Little Rock, to 'Fort Smith; and from Gaines's
Landing, by way of Camden, to or near Fulton. In Towa,
from Dubuque to Kenkuck ; and from Davenport and Bur-
lington to the Missouri river, with a branch from the latter
to Keosauque. In Wisconsin, from the southern line of
the State of Wisconsin, by way of Janesville and Fond du
Lac, to Lake Superior, in said State ; and from Prairie La
Crosse, on the Mississippi river, in Wisconsin, to Milwau-
kie, in said State. In Michigan, from Pontiac to the wa-
ters of Lake Michigan, m Ottawa county, from lake or
river Saint Clair to Lake Michiganfrom Zilwaukee by
Grand Traverse Bay to Mackinaw; from Grand uver by
way of the Straits of Maekinawand Sault Ste. Marie to the
Montreal river. In Ohio, from Beefie, in Ohio, by way of
Chillicothe, Hillsboro', Cincinnati, and Vmcenrtes, to a
point en. the east bank of the Mississippi nver opposite the
city of Saint Louis. In Indiana, from Indianapolis to con-
nect with the Mobile and Chicago route, at or near the
latter place. In Mississippi, from Brandon to the eastern
line of the State of Mississippi, in the direction of Mont-
gomery, Alabama. And to the States of Louisiana and
Mississippi, respectively, for the construction of a railroad
from New Orleans, in Louisiana, by way of Jackson, ia
Mississippi, and thence by Canton, Mississippi, to some
point on the line between Tennessee, Mississippi, and Ala-
bama, so as to connect with the proposed Nashville and
New Orleans road ; and to the State of Mississippi, from
Canton, iu said State, to the Tennessee line by way of
Holly. Springs, in said State. In Alabama and Florida,
from Montgomery to the waters of Pensacola Bay, with
branches' to the Chattahoochee river, and a brancli to the
waters of the Tumsaw river and Mobile Bay. In Louisi-
ana, from Shreypport, in said State, to a point on the west
bank of the Mississippi river, at Providence or opposite
Vicksburg. In Alabama, from Girard to Mobile Bay; and
from Selma, on the Alabama river, to Guntersville, on the
Tennessee river. In California, from San Francisco to
SariJos"5. In Florida, from Pensacola, by wav of Talla-
hassee and Madison, with a branch to Saint Mark's and a
branch to Tampa Bay, to Saint Mary's m the State of
Georgia. And,in the Territory of Minnesota, from Fond
du Lac, or the Falls of Saint Louis river, to Saint Paul;
and fiom the western line of Minnesota, through the valley
of Minnesota river, to Dubuque, with a branch to Saint
Paul.
Sec. 9. Jind be it further enacted, That said States and
Territory, respectively, shall have the right, also, to take
necessary materials of earth, stone, and timber, for the
construction of said railroads, from the public lands of the
United States adjacenttheieto: Provided, That in locating
the railroads aforesaid, and assigning the limits to the ease-
ment, no more land shall be taken fiom the United States
than is necessary for a convenient construction and use of
said roads or public ways for transportation, including sta-
tions, with the usual buildings of all kinds, turn-outs, and
such other appurtenances as are usually enjoyed by rail-
road companies; and a copy of the location of said roads
made under the direction* of the Leeislature, shall be for-
warded to the proper local land offices respectively, and to
the General Land Office at,Washington city, within ninety
days after the completion of the same, to berecorded.
Sec. 10. Jind be it further enacted, That there be, and
is hereby, granted to the said States and Territory, for the
purpose of aiding m making the railroads aforesaid, every
alternate section of land designated by even numbers, for
six sections in width on each side of said roads respective-
ly : but m case it shall appear that the United States haver
when the lines of routes of said roads are definitely fixed
by the authority aforesaid, sold any section, or any part
..thereof, granted as aforesaid, or that the right of preemp-
tion has attached to, the same, then it shall be lawful for
any agent or agents, to be appointed by the Governors of
said States or Territory, respectively, to sclcct, subject to
the approval of the Secretary of the Interior, from the lands
of the United States most contiguous to the tier of sections
above specified, so much land, in alternate sections or
parts of sections, as shall be equal to such lands as the Uni-
ted States have sold, or to which the right of preemption
has attached as aforesaid, which lands thus selected in lieu
of those sold, and to which the right of preemption has at-
tached as aforesaid, together with the sections and parts of
sections designated by even numbers'as aforesaid, and ap-
propriated as aforesaid, shall be held by the said States and
Territory, reppectively, for the use and purpose aforesaid :
Provided, That the lands to be so located shall in no case
be further than fifteen miles from the line of the road in
each case, and selected for and on account of each of said
roads: Provided further, That the lands hereby granted
shall be exclusively applied in the construction of that road
for which it was granted and selected, and shall be disposed
of only as the work progresses, and the same shall be ap-
plied to no other purpose whatsoever: Jind jrrovided fur-
ther, That any and all lands heretofore reserved to the
United States by any act of Congress, or in any manner by
competent authority, for the purpose of aiding in any object
of internal improvement, or for any other purpose whatso-
ever; be, and the same are hereby, reserved to the United
States from the operation of this act, except so far as it may
be found necessary to locate the routes of the said railroads
through such reserved lands, in which case the right of
way only shall be granted.
Sec. 11. Jind be it further enacted, That the sections and
parts of sections of land which by such grant shall remain to
the United States, within six mileson each side of said road,
shall not be bold for Jets than double the minimum price of
the public lands when sold ; which lands shall, from time
to time, be offered at public sale to the highest bidder, un-
der the direction of the Secretary of ihe Interior, and shall
not be subject to entry until they shall have been so offered
at public sale.
Sec. 12. Jind be it further enacted, That the said lands
hereby granted to the said States and Territory, respective-
ly, shall be subjcct to the disposal of the Legislature thereof,
for the purposes aforesaid and no other; and the said rail-
roads shall be and remain public highways for the use of the
Government of the United States, free from toll or other
ebarge upon the transportation of any property or troops of
the United States,
Sec. 13. Jind be it further enacted, That if the said rail-
roads respectively shall iw>t be completed within ten years,
each of the said States and Territory, respectively, shall be
bound to pay to the United Stat.es the amount which may
i, be received upon the sale of any part of said, lands by said
I States and Territory, respectively, the title to the purchaa-
