694
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 8,
lands mav be granted in limited quantities to actual j
settlers not possessed of other lands; which was j
referred to the Committee on Public Lands. :
Also, a petition of citizens of Wisconsin, pray- |
ino-a grant of lands to certain companies therein:
named for the construction of a railroad from 1
Chicago, through Janesville and Fond du Lac, to
Lake Superior; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. STOCKTON presented resolutions of the
Legislature of New Jersey, in favor of an increase
of the duties on coal, iron, and glass; which were
ordered to be laid on the table and printed.
Mr. BRADBURY submitted a document in re-
lation to the claim of Thomas B. Parsons to a
pension; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr: MORTON, it was
Ordered, That the Secretary of the Senate transmit to
the Secretary of the Treasury tiio ongiiinl reports of the
examination of the claim- for spoliations by the American
troops in West Florida in 1814 and J8Id, c uimnumcated to
the Senate by that Department the 16th of June, T3-16.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. HUNTER, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to which was referred the annual report of
the Secretary of the Treasury on the state of the
Treasury, submitted a report,accompanied by a
bill amendatory of existing laws relative to the
half dollar, quarter dollar, dime, and half dime;
which was read and passed to the second reading.
The report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. MILLER moved that2000additional copies
of the above report be printed; which motion was
* referred to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. STOCKTON, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, to which was vtferred the petition of
William Roberts, reported adversely thereon.
Pie also, from the Committee on Pensions, to
which was referred the petition of Stephen P. Yeo-
mans and others, reported adversely thereon.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the petition of Abraham L. Kincher-
bocker, reported adversely thereon.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the bill for the relief of Amos Knapp,
reported thesame without amendment.
Mr. FOOT, from the Committee on Pensions, to
which was referred the petition of the administra-
tor of Olive Folsom, submitted an adverse report
thereon.
Mr. JONES, of Towa, from the Committee on
Pensions, to which was referred the petition of
Charles H. Buxenstein, submitted an adverse re-
port thereon.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was refeired the petition of John Le Roy, sub-
mitted a report, accompanied by a bill for his re-
lief; which was lead and passed to the second
reading.
Mr. BORLAND, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to whicli was referred the report of the Secie-
tary of the Navy of the 5th instant, communica-
ting' copies of certain contracts, reported in favor
of printing the same.
He also, from the same committtee, to which
was referred the resolutions of the Board of Alder-
men and Board of Assistants of the city of New
York, presented the 5th instant, reported that the
same be not printed.
Mr. SEWARD, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to which was referred the memorial of the
heirs of Brinton Paine, asked fo lie discharged
from the further consideration of the same, and
that it be referred, with the accompanying1 papers,
to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims. Jt
was so referred.
BOUNTY LAND TO SAILORS.
Mr. STOCKTON. Mr. President, I desire to
give notice to the Senate that I will to-morrow, or
some day thereafter, ask leave to introduce n bill
granting to each commissioned officer of the Navy
of the United States wno served in the war against
Mexico, one quarter section of land; and to all
petty officers, seamen, ordinary seamen, lands-
men, and boys, dndto all others who served on
board of steamers, one quarter section of land
each.
MESSAGES FROM THE HOUSE.
A messag-e from the House of Representatives
was received by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announc-
ing that it had passed the following bills from the j
Senate: . I
An act for the relief of Rufus Dwinel; and j
An act to extend the time for selling the lands
granted to the Kentucky Asylum for teaching the
deaf and dumb; .
Also, that it had passed the following bills, and
requesting the concurrence of the Senate therein;
An act^to authorize the issuing of a register to
the brig " America;"
An act for the relief of William S. Payne;
An act to authorize the issuing of a register to
the brig " Kossuth;" and
An act for the relief of Andrew Smith.
The four last named bills were severally read a
first and second time by their titles, and were re-
ferred, the first and third to the Committee on
Commerce; the second to the Committee on Fi-
nance; and the fourth to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
ENGROSSED BILLS PASSED.
The following engrossed bills were severally
read a third time and passed:
A bill for the relief of John F. Callan, adminis-
trator of Daniel Renner, deceased; and
A bill to authorize T. H. McManus to enter by
preemption certain lands in the Greensburg land
district, Louisiana.
SURVEY OF NORTHERN AND CHINA SEAS.
Mr. SEWARD submitted the following reso-
lution for consideration:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy communicate
to the Senate his opinion of the expediency of a reconnois-
eance of the routes of navigation m the Northern seas and
in the China and Japan sea-*, and whether any vessels be-
longing to the service can be used for that purpose ; and
also, what would be the expense of such a reconnoissance.
THOMAS B. PARSONS.
Mr. BRADBURY submitted the following res-
olution for consideration; which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Pensions be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of granting to Thomas B.
Pmsons, who received an injury m the naval service of the
United States, <urears of pension, or the difference between
the half pay of seaman and a petty officer, in which capa
city he was acting at the time he was disabled.
THE SEVENTH CENSUS.
Mr. BAYARD. I desire to submit a resolu-
tion in relation to the returns of the last census.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the plan for the publication of the return?
of the census, as exemplified in relation to the State of Ma-
ryland which has been submitted to the Senate, be referred
to a select committee of five tor revision, who shall exam-
ine and report what alteration shall be made therein betorc
the same is ordered to be punted.
Mr. BAYARD. I nsk the unanimous consent
of the Senate to consider this resolution at this
time. We have delayed this matter for a long pe-
riod. The plan has been before us for a long time,
and it may require alteration; and I submit that
the most competent mode would be to submit the
matter to the Senate in the way I have proposed.
It is a subject of great importance. There is a
great deal in some respects contained in the tabu-
lar statement before us which, it seems to me, is
entirely useless; and in other respects, some state-
ments which ought to have been made have been
entirely omitted. It is a matter for consideration;
and I know of no better mode than by a reference
to a select committee, so that we may know what
we are to print, and m what form we are to send
these tables and facts to the world before we print
them./
ection being made, the resolution lies over.
CHEAP OCEAN POSTAGE.
.SUMNER. 1 submit the following resolu-
tion. As it is one of inquiry merely, I ask that it
may be considered at this time:
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs, while
; eon-idi'iing the natmennd extent of aid proper to be granted
: to the ocean steamers, he directed to inquire whether the
' present charges for letteis earned by the«c steamers, are
1 not unnecessarily large and burdensome to foreign corres-
i pondence, and whether something may not be done, and,
i it so, what, to secure the great boon of cheap ocean post-
- a3e*
| There being no objection, the question was
1 stated to be on the adoption of the resolution.
| Mr. SUMNER. The Committee on Naval
I Affairs have the responsibility of shaping some
i measure by which the relations of our Govern -
| ment with the ocean steamers will be defined,
j And since one special inducement to these rela-
i tions, involving the bounty now enjoyed and fur-
inese La
them./
Obfec
Mr. £
ther solicited, is the carrying of the mails, I trust
this committee will be willing to inquire whether
there cannot be a reduction oft the postage of for-
eign correspondence. Under the postage act of
1851, the Postmaster, by and with the advice of
the President, has power to reduce, from time to
time, the rates of postage on all mailable matter
conveyed between the United States and any for-
eign country. But the existence of this power in
the Postmaster will not render it improper for the
committee, now drawn into connection with this
question, to takeit into careful consideration, with
a view to some practical action, or, at least, rec-
ommendation thereon. The subject is of pecu-
liar interest; nor do I know any measure so easily
accomplished, which promises to be so beneficent
as cheap ocean postage. The argument in its
favor seems to me at once brief and unanswerable.
A letter can be sent three thousand miles in the
United States for three cents, and the reasons for
cheap postage on the land are equally applicable
to the ocean.
In point of fact, theconveyanceof letters can be
effected in sailing or steam-packets at less cost than
by railway.
Besides, cheap ocean postage will tend to super-
sede the clandestine or illicit conveyance of let-
ters,and to bring into the mails all mailable matter
which, under the present system, is carried in the
pockets of passengers, or in the bales and boxes
of merchants.
All new facilities for correspondence naturally
give new expansion to human intercourse; and
there is reason to believe that, through an increased
number of letters, cheap ocean postage will be
self-supporting.
Cheap postal communication with foreign coun-
tries will be of incalculable importance to the com-
merce of the United States.
By promoting the intercourse of families and
friends, separated by the ocean, cheap postage
will add to the sum of human happiness.
The present high rates of ocean postage, namely,
twenty-four cents on half an ounce, forty-eight
cents on an ounce, and ninety-six cents on a letter,
which weighs afraction more than an ounce, are a
severe tax upon all, particularly upon the poor*
amounting in many cases to a complete prohibition
of foreign correspondence. This should not be so.
It particularly becomes our country, by the re-
moval of all unnecessary burdens upon foreign
correspondence, to advance the comfort of Euro-
pean emigrants seeking a home among us, and to
destroy, as far a3 practicable, every barrier to free
intercourse between the Old World and the New.
And lastly, cheap ocean postage will be a bond
of peace among the nations of the earth, and will
extend good will among men
By such reasons this measure is commended.
Much as I rejoice in the American steamers, which
vindicate a peaceful supremacy of the seas and
help to weave agolden tissue between the two hem-
ispheres, I cannot consider these, with all their
unquestionable advantages, an equivalent for cheap
ocean postage. But I trust that they are not in-
consistent with each other, and that both may
happily flourish together.
Mr. RUSK. I have no objection to the passage
of the resolution; but it involves an inquiry on the
part of the Committee on Naval Affairs, in rela-
] tion to a subject of which I do not see how they
| can take cognizance. The rates of postage be-
j tween this country and England are established by
! treaty arrangements altogether. In relation to the
1 enormous rates of which the Senator from Massa-
1 chusetts speaks, I would reply that they were re-
duced at the last session of Congress more than
' half, which was all we thought we could reduce
■ them.
I Mr. SUMNER. It will be observed, in the
I first place, that the resolution is one of inquiry
j merely, and that it is directed to a committee, which
j seems to me, under the present circumstances, to
i be the most competent to entertain that inquiry,
j for this reason: that it is specially charged with
i a review of the relations between the Government
| of the country and the ocean steam-packets, on
, their application for increased bounty. I desire
j that this committee, while considering this applica-
' tion, should inquire whether, by recommendation
, or otherwise, they may not do something to promote
I cheap ocean postage. If the committee find them-
selves unable to do anything in this direction, then
i the inquiry, so far as they are concerned, ends.
