1006
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 24,
Jative bodies, whether in our State Assemblies or
irL Congress, and has noticed the rules adopted
for their government, and the grounds on which
those rules have been established and in use almost
time out of mind, will find that this right of present-
ing amendments—or as I have sometimes heard
it vulgarly expressed, this right of " poking "
amendments at a'bill—is the privilege and right
of the minority. It is done for the purpose
and* with the view of checking an overwhelming
majority in hurrying through measures which
may be popular for a moment or a day, when the
minority may see great danger or inconvenience,
as likely to result from the adoption of the meas-
ures of the majority. The privilege of offering
amendments in various forms and shapes, will be
found to be for the protection of a minority against
the will of an arbitrary majority. Sir, I can fore-
see ahead of us at this moment some bills on
which the majority may be willing to evade a vote
in regard to material amendments; and yet, sir,
the privilege of presenting amendments to bills for
the purpose of preventing great immediate or fu-
ture mischiefs is the only safety which the minor-
ity may have. I do not say that there are any
measures which I have in my mind's eye to which
such a course would be fatal; but there are meas-
ures in regard to which the adoption of such a
rule might be highly mischievous. This privilege
of introducing amendments, and bringing them to
a vote with the view of checking up what might
prove a great evil, even although proposed and
supported by a majority, is one of the arms pro-
vided by ancient custom for the defense of a mi-
nority against the will of an arbitrary majority.
It is urged that our debates are likely to become
interminable. If the object of the proposition is to
limit debate, let us adopt a limited previous ques-
tion, applicable to such amendments. That will
not only exclude diffusiveness in discussion, but
will leave the privilege open to a minority, of com-
pelling a majority to regard what they consider
salutary amendments to the main measure.
I need not say that the experience of all parlia-
mentary bodies shows that, as majorities become
large and self-confident, and presumptuous, the
dangers to the rights of minorities are increased.
If the main-spring of their actions shall be the
public good, and all measures shall be brought
forward with due consideration, there would seem
to be no danger of mischief; but though gentlemen
speak of our having arrived at a period of time
when it is necessary to have th£se restrictive rules
upon the privileges of majorities or individuals,
either on offering amendments, or indulging in
debate, I think the time has come when we re-
quire the fullest privilege, and that the danger is
not that there will be too little legislation, but that
we shall over-legislate, and beegme less and less
cautious. We have had ideas put forth of late,
proposing sweeping changes m the policy of the
country, extending over the whole past economy
of the Government and its legislation. I concur
with the Senator from Mississippi, [Mr. Adams,]
and the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Undhh-
wood,] that there is some necessity for a limitation
with regard to the appropriation bills; but even the
appropriation bills will have to be acted upon with-
in the last month of the session, and at no other
time. But I consider the proposition of the Sen-
ator from Kentucky to bean infringement upon
ancient parliamentary rules which have been con-
ceived to be laid down in practical wisdom, and
have been seen to work well, both in the British
Parliament and in this country. If the proposi-
tion is limited, I have no objection; but as it is, it
seems to be, as the Senator from New Hampshire
[Mr. Hale] has suggested, the first step towards
gagging the members of this Senate, and limiting
the freedom of debate, so that minorities may be
prevented from checking the arbitrary action of
majorities. With the limitations I have have sug-
gested, I can vote for it, and not otherwise.
Mr. AIANGUM. That something is necessary
- to be done to expedite the business of this body,
I think must be sufficiently obvious to every gen-
tleman who occupies a seat upon this floor. I
have been very reluctant to join in making any
fundamental change in the rules which we have
laid down for our governance, for as they now are,
I think in this respect we are perfectly safe. I am
opposed to this proposition in its present form;
and yet I would not be unwilling to make a tem-
porary trial of the proposed change, if somewhat
modified, although, in the main, I think it is yet
too early in the session to propose to adopt it.
Sir, at the close of the last session, I was a wit-
ness to a scene which was enacted here, which
was calculated to draw upon us the censure of
almost the entire country. I refer to the speaking
against time, with the view of defeating a vastly
important measure—the river and harbor bill—
ana which succeeded in accomplishing that defeat.
I then felt, for the first time in my life, the neces-
sity of applying those' restraints in this body
which have been found to work well in practical
legislation. I think thai something like this prop-
osition, as a temporary alteration—for I am un-
willing to adopt it as a fundamental rule—might
be safely applied to the appropriation bills, and
to other matters towards the end of the session.
Sir, this " cacoethes loquendi," as my friend from
New Hampshire calls it 
Mr. HALE. I did not call it so; no, no.
[Laughter.]
Mr. MANGUM. "Well,then,this "desirefor
much speaking" has become almost a complete
nuisance in this body. Mr. President, from the
time when you first took your seat in this body to
the present day, there is as much difference in the
course of procedure in regard to such matters as
there is between the mid-day sun and the moon
shining through a hazy atmosphere—all the differ-
ence in the world, we must, therefore, resort to
some mode of arresting this eternal talking. I
know of one way which might possibly be appli-
cable, although not very parliamentary. If we
were to devolve upon the Chair the duty of send-
ing for a surgeon to have our tongues slit, itmight
answer some good purpose in this respect; but,
sir, I am afraid, that even in that case, decimation
would not be sufficient, but am inclined to think
the operation would have to be performed in cases
—nine out of ten. [Laughter.]
If, however, we are to have any change in the
rules in regard to this matter, I prefer that that
change should be temporary; because, however
unimportant it may seem at the first glance to
make any essential and radical change in the rules
which have been recognized for many years, and
which have been found to work well, perhaps there
is nothing with which we can tamper with less
safety. 1 am unwilling to make an essential per-
manent inroad upon them, or upon other things
which have worked well, not only in this country,
but in other countries—rules which have worked
well for centuries, which have been esteemed as
being consonant with wisdom;—I say I am un-
unwilling that these should be made to give place
to that which is new and untried. If tins propo-
sition for a modification of the rules can be laid
upon the table until business becomes more press-
ing, or till the appropriation bills come up, I shall
be happy to unite in its temporary adoption near
the close of the session. If it is found to work
inconveniently, we can any day, upun giving a
day's notice, rescind it, for I suppose we shall be
as much at liberty to rescind it as to pass it.
Sir, it has been observed by every gentleman
here, that when we begin a debate upon any sub-
ject, too much time is spent upon the elementary
portion of it, just as children are apt to do when
learning to spell, going over everything twice over,
as in a-p ap, p-l-e pie, apple, p-i-e pie, apple-pie.
[Laughter.] That, sir, might as well be cut off.
In the older and better times of the Senate, it was
supposed that the representatives of sovereign
States, from a proper sense of what was due to
themselves, as well as what was due to this
body, which was an august body, would restrain
themselves from the excessive use of irrelevant
talking. Modern experience, however, has shown
that this feeling, as a restraint, is utterly insuffi-
cient for the purpose of correcting this abuse.
Mr. BADGER. I hope the proposition of my
friend, the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Under-
wood,] will receive the favorable consideration of
the Senate. I have listened attentively to the gen-
tlemen who have taken objection to it, and I am
at a loss to say what principle of parliamentary
proceeding will be violated by the rule that is pro-
posed to be added to the rules of the Senate.
The Senator from Tennessee [Mr. Bki.l] says it
is an advance, so far, towards the adoption of the
" previous question." Not at all. It is the exact
opposite of that principle; and exactly contrary,
in its application, to the "previous question."
.The " previous question" authorizes a decision
on a matter, while it cuts off debate on that mat-
ter.
The resolution of my friend from Kentucky
[Mr. Underwood] does not propose to invade the
principle adopted by the Senate. That is: what-
ever has been considered and decided by the Sen-
ate, shall be considered open to debate. Not at
all; but it simply authorizes the Senate, when it
shall deem proper to do so, to say that a proposi-
tion which an individual Senator may think proper
for consideration and discussion, shall be put aside
as unfit for consideration. Now, that being the
state of the case, I would ask if that is not a power
which has ever been exercised by this body, and
by every other legislative body on the face of the
earth ? Suppose that the Senator from Kentucky
[Mr. Underwood] has a bill here which he looks
upon as highly important, and which he is desir-
ous of discussing; and suppose that a majority of
tke Senate think it should not occupy the time of
the Senate; suppose that a majority of the Senate
are of opinion that it should not be discussed and
decided, is it not in the power of any gentleman
to move that the bill do'lie on the table, and does
not that motion cut off all debate ? And if the
majority of the Senate concur in the motion, is
not the bill put aside, even under our existing
rules, because the majority think that the bill is
not proper to be considered and discussed ? The
only object of this amendment is to give to the
Senate the same control over collateral questions,
in respect to which they may entertain an opinion
of the inexpediency of occupying time in their
consideration, that, under the known and estab-
lished rules of the Senate, it has always exercised
over the main question.- That is the real question.
Now, let us ascertain "what is the enormity
which some gentlemen seem to suppose will
attend the adoption of this rule. I have supposed
the case that the Senator from Kentucky [Mr.
Underwood] has a bill before the Senate, which
he conceives to be important, and which he is de-
sirous of having discussed, and I have supposed
that a majority of the Senate are of opinion that it
should not be discussed, and order it to lie on the
table; well, on the next day there is another bill
under consideration, and the Senator from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Underwood] can now bring up, and
offer as an amendment to it the very bill which
was laid on the table by the order of the Senate!
Will any Senatorgive meareason why my friend
should, on the second occasion, compel the Senate
to hear the discussion of a measure which, accord-
ing to the established usages of this body, lawfully
exercised, the Senate has already ordered should
neither be decided nor discussed ? That is the
whole question.
Mr. BELL. Will the Senator from North
Carolina [Mr. Badger] allow me to interpose an
observation ? I am not desirous of speaking again
on this subject.
Mr. BADGER. Certainly.
Mr. BELL. I beg leave to suggest to my
friend that there is nothing at all in that argument,
because the bill which he supposes to be laid on
the table is a distinct measure, or one that is not
fit to be discussed in the Senate, and it would not
be in order to offer it to any other bill, unless it
might come up in the shape of an appropriate
amendment. There are other rules of the Senate,
which you know would cure the mischiefs which
the honorable Senator supposes would arise from
that state of the case.
Mr. BADGER. Will the Senator mention
what rule?
Mr. BELL. The amendment must be congru-
ous—it must be appropriate to the bill.
Mr. BADGER. Not at all.
Mr. BELL. We cannot take a vote upon that;
but I think I am right in what I say.
Mr. BADGER. No doubt my friend thinks
he is right; but the difficulty is that he comes from
the House of Representatives, of which he was
once the distinguished and able Speaker; and I
have never known a gentleman come from that
House who did not bring more or less with him,
the rules of it. There is no rule in the Senate
which requires that an amendment moved shall be
congruous or cognate to the main subject before
the Senate. It is so in the House of Representa-
tives, hut it is because they have a special rule to
that effect. If my friend will look at the statement
in Jefferson's Manual on that subject as to the
relevancy of it, he will find, as to parliamentary
