1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1607
law, that the Presiding Officer cannot rule an
amendment out of order, because it is irrelevant.
It is for the body to decide upon it. We have had
the question raised and dccidcd again and again,
and i believe nothing is clearer; so that my friend
is entirely mistaken in supposing that my esse is
not a case precisely in point. But it would not
vary the argument, if it were not so. I have only
to suppose that the bill which my friend intended
to offer, (and which, if he offered alone, would be
laid on the table,) he proposes as an amendment
to another bill; and I say, that no man can point
out any reason why the Senate shall in one case
have the power of saying that the proposition be-
fore them is mischievous or unnecessary for the
public business, and shall not be considered and
discussed, and not have that power in the other
case. Besides, Mr, President, my friend from
Tennessee (1 dare say, if I was as old as he is, I
would have the same sort of feeling) looks back
over the water, and cries out against putting on a
gag, and stopping debate. Kir, I have been a
member of this b-ody six years, and have been in
a minority all the time. 1 have heard gentlemen
In charge of measuieu fiom the majority, over and
over again, announce that they were going to have
a vote upon them, and pass them—pass them in
three days, or a week, or ten days; but I have
never known a measure pass in this Senate while
any gentleman wished to discuss it. With a de-
cided party majority—with a decided party meas-
ure before the body, I have always found that a
majority of the Senate could never be found to
refuse to vote for an adjournment, for the purpose
of allowing a gentleman to discuss the question.
So far as my observation extends, the action of
the Senate is decidedly the other way.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Their courtesy allows
the debate to go on
Mr. BADGER. Yes, their courtesy allows
too large a debate, rather than cuts off what is
unnecessary; but at all events, as my friend from
Kentucky says, we have all felt the necessity for
this amendment to our rules. Let us agree to it.
it is not like a law of the Medes and Persians—
unchangeable. If it operates injuriously, it is
easy to strike it out again. The present system
needs some amendment. This seems to be ne-
cessary and proper. It holds out a prospect of
good, and I see no evil to result from it.
Mr. BELL. I would inquire of some other
gentleman whether it be true that the parliament-
ary rules for the regulation of the Chair, not ex-
pressly incorporated in our rules, are to no extent
funding upon the Presiding Officer of the Senate,
except they be incorporated in the number of
printed rules regularly established?
Mr. BADGER. If my friend will allow me,
no one has said that. There is no general par-
liamentary law which makes the question of rel-
evancy a point of order.
Mr. BELL. I would inquire again, is it pos-
sible that upon a bill, for example, regulating
duties upon imports, it would be competent here
to entertain a proposition to make an appropria-
tion for the improvement of rivers and harbors ?
Mr. BADGER. Yes, sir.
Mr. BELL. Would there be no inconsistency
—no impropriety in that? Is there no parlia-
mentary law forbidding a gentleman rising up and
offering to hook a speech upon a proposition for
the improvement of rivers and harbors, to a bill
regulating duties upon imports? There is no
rule in the special rules of this body to prohibit it,
and it may be "that the Presiding Officer would
have to refer it to the Senate to decide that ques-
tion; but would it not be the duty of eveiy Sen-
ator on this floor, according to the usual parlia-
mentary law, to vote down such an idea?—to rule
it out as inconsistent, improper, incongruous,
unparliamentary, and one which would render all
attempts to legislate in this body utterly abortive?
Certainly it would. If a Senator is at liberty to
bring up his subject; such, for instance, as the
honorable Senator from Kentucky, to bring up
his bill for the improvement of the Cumberland
dam, as an amendment to an entirely different
bill, and raise a discussion upon it, it would be
the duty of the body to object to it, or no legis-
lation could be carried on.
The honorable Senator supposes that I have
come here imbued with the rules applicable to the
House of Representatives, and has been pleased
to say that he never saw a gentleman from that
House who did not come here so infected with
the rules impressed upon him as a member of that
body, and that he misapplies his advice to this
body, when he comes from the House with his'
experience derived there, to apply those rules
here. I beg leave to say upon this subject, that I
have been very cautious and modest. I was not
long the Presiding Officer of the House of Repre-
sentatives, but I was long a member of it, and it
became my business to look into and examine the
wisdom of the old established parliamentary rules
and proceedings, to see how important it was to
preserve them, in order to preserve the privileges of
debate. The Senator said I look too much over
the water to get examples in a monarchy, in the
British House of Parliament. Why, sir, a major-
ity in this country may come—and such is the
tendency of popular institutions and of popular
assemblies—to possess a greater degree of ty-
ranny, or as great a degree of tyranny, limited
only by the Constitution, as can be in any par-
liament under a constitutional monarchical form
of government, and more so, because they are
presumed to be backed by what is called the
sovereignty of the country. They represent the
people; and I have heard the argument often
alleged, that the will of,the majority for the time
being ought not to be checked: and have also
heard the argument used, that all restrictions im-
posed are opposed to every popular idea of gov-
ernment and ought to be abrogated; and we see
in many States the restrictions are being broken
down.
I look to the British Parliament for the reason,
not so much for the practice, as for the reason
given by what they call the sages of the great
Commoners, as vindicating the rights and privi-
leges of the minority, not only against the arbi-
trary will of the majority in Parliament, but
against the Crown. These rules are valuable to
us here for the purpose of checking the ebullition
of feeling, tf you please, of the people—of our
masters—call them sovereigns, or by as high a
denomination as you chouse to give them. We
owe loyalty to the people; I am one of them, and
owe loyalty to them to a certain degree; but I
would with as much resoluteness oppose what I
consider to be their arbitrary will, the result of
certain circumstances or of an ebullition of pas-
sion, as I would that of a kingly tyrant upon his
throne. Then I would rely upon going back to
them to satisfy them of their true rights and in-
terests.
The honorable Senator was pleased to say that
I had likened this to the previous question. I only
said that I concurred with the honorable Senator
from New Hampshire—and he is right—that this
would be one step forward to the introduction of !
that gag into the Senate by the restriction of de-
bate. But the honorable Senator misunderstood
me. I expressly said that I had no objection to
cutting off debate on amendments, establishing a
limited previous question with^regard to amend- i
ments. But I would not cutoff the privilege of |
the minority—their right to call upon the majority J
to give their vote upon the amendments. _ j
One word more with regard to the illustration j
he gave, that whenever a bill comes up here, if it I
is not pleasant to the majority of the Senate, and '
they do not see proper to discuss it, but think that ;
it is out of season and inappropriate to claim their j
attention, what exists now? He says the very 1
thin? which the honorable Senator proposes with ,
regard to any amendment. Ynu can move to lay ;
it on the table, and it will be done if the majority ;
think proper to do so, and there it goes and stops ■
all discussion. But the distinction is, that there
is no mischief done, except a negative one. The ;
very reason upon which the privileges ot the ma- ;
jonty are founded does not relate in any degree to
what is stated by the honorable Senator. The rea-
son given is, because it is obnoxious to the major-
ity. If you vote to lay it aside in thai case, you do
no harm to the country. There is no imoad made
upon the ancient policy. But the privilege ot the
minoiity is to defeat a measure which is hurried
forward with an indiscreet and arbitrary zeal^by
the arbitrary members of an overruling majority.
The privilege of a minority is to have a vote upon
the amendments, to check the majority,and bring
them to vote • upon certain features of policy
brought to bear upon the mam measure which
they "are compelled to vote upon.
I do not mean to enter more earnestly into this.
I merely throw out these suggestions; and I will
state again, if you would apply the proposed
amendment to the rule at the close of the session,
to the appropriation bills, or to any bill of general
importance that comes up at the close of the ses-
sion, 1 should not have the least objection to it;
but as a general alteration of the old and funda-
mental modes of proceeding, I object to it if it is
to be permanent, and applicable at all times and
to all measures; not that we should have privilege
of debate, but that we should have the privilege
of bringing the Senate to vote upon an amendment
appropriate to the subject; for I take it, although
the Chair has no right to rule out improper amend-
ments, the body can say, under the general par-
liamentary law, although not required inourrules,
that they are improper.
Mr. BADG-ER. I do not exactly understand
the ground which my friend from Tennessee oc-
cupies on this subject. He says that the right to
have the amendments presented, considered, and
voted upon belongs to the minority, because it if?
the right of the minority to defeat a bill or meas-
ure which the majority desire to pass.
Mr. BELL. I did not say that. I beg leave
to explain, that the honorable Senator may not
misunderstand me. I say these rules are grounded
upon long-considered usages in the parliamentary
history of Great Britain and of this country, to a
great extent, tor the protection of the minority.
Not that they have a right to defeat the majority,
but for the protection of the minority against the
arbitrary legislation of an overwhelming ma-
jority.
Mr. BADGER. I understood the honorable
Senator to say that it was the right of the minor-
ity to defeat a measure which was pressed forward
with an arbitrary and unconsidered haste by the
majority.
Mr. BELL. The honorable Senator, I hope,
does not wish to put me in an absurd and ridicu-
lous attitude m regard to this. I said that the
minority have a right to offer a pertinent amend-
ment, to compel the majority to look at the prin-#
cipies of the amendment. That is the mode in
which the minority operate. Not that they have
any right to defeat the will of the majority, except
by reasoning, by justice, and by sound policy;
showing them and the country generally, that
they will go too far if they adopt the general meas-
ure they propose without incorporating the amend-
ment offered by the minority, 'ihis is one ofthe
means instituted by the parliamentary law^ of
givingthe minoritythe right to call upon the major-
ity to test their sense on other provisions which
the minority think proper to bring forward con-
nected with the main subject not disconnected
with it.
Mr. BADGER. It seems, then, this right of
the minority is not the right to defeat the majority
against the will ofthe majoiity, but it is the right
of argument and sound reason. That is nothing
more than the right which was claimed by a cel-
ebrated officer, of stopping every man he met in
the streets of Messina—but not against his will.
There is no doubt if the minority convince the
majority that they are wrong, they will prevent
the passage of the obnoxious measure, not by
overruling the majority, but by getting the ma-
jority on their own' side until, at least, it would be
the will of the majority not to pass the measure.
But where is all tiie difficulty which arises here?
Here is a proposition offered: my friend says if it
is germane to the matter in hand it ought to be
considered. Who are to decide whether it is ger-
mane?—the mover ? The question has been raised
here since I have been in the Senate, three or four
times, and it has been expressly decided accord-
ing to the general parliamentary jaw of England,
that a question of relevancy is not a i|uesti<m of a
pointof order; and that the Presiding Officer cannot
rule out an amendment because he deems it im-
pertinent to the subject before the body. It must
be voted down by the body, if it is irrelevant, and
they do not choose to adopt it. Manifestly this
must be so without a rule. What hinders us put-
ting forty bills together, unless we have some rule
of our own to prevent it? Where was the pro-
vision ingrafted for abolishing corporal punish-
ment m the Navy ? Upon an appropriation bill.
Was it germane to it ? Had it anything to go with
the appropriation of money ? Certainly not. Hie
„uestion,tlien,i8,whetherit shall notbefovthe ma-
jority to decide whether the measure proposed as all
