1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
695
It may then go to some other committee. Before
offering the resolution, I conferred with at least
two members of the Committee on Naval Affairs,
and understood from them that the resolution
would not he unacceptable to the committee. At
the present moment, while the question of bounty
to the ocean steamers is pending:, this seems to be
the committee to which it belongs.
Mr. GWIN. When the Senator from Massa-
chusetts spoke to me on this matter, I did not at
the time see the bearing of it so well as I see it
now. With my present views, I think this is a
subject which should go to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. .BADGER. The Committee on the Post
Office, I think, is the proper committee, if it is
proper to refer the resolution to any committee at
till. I certainly do not think it should go to the '
Committee on Naval Affairs. Perhaps the better j
way would be to lay the resolution on the table ;
until the Senate have had time to consider what j
disposition they will make of it. With that view,
therefore, I move to lay it on the table for the .
present. i
Mr. DAVIS. Will the Senator from North |
Carolina withdraw that motion for a moment? 1
Mr. BADGER. Certainly.
Mr. DAVIS. I hope my colleague will permit i
this resolution to go to the Committee on the Post |
Office and Post Roads. That is the proper com- j
mittee, I think, to which to refer it. My colleague j
will perceive that no change can be made in the ,
postal arrangements by sea without a concurrence !
on the part of other Governments—that is, that
we cannot diminish the rates of postage from this
country, unless'such a proposition is acceded to on
the other side, because it would derange the whole
system. It will, therefore, be for the Post Office
Committee to consider whether any measures
should be taken to effect such an object.
Mr. SUMNER. All that I had m view when
i offered the resolution. I was aware ttyit the re-
duction of postage depended ultimately upon treaty
stipulations. I did suppose, however, that a com-
mittee of this body having the subject in hand,
might, by recommendation at least, take some steps
to promote that object. Perhaps it will facilitate
a correct understanding of the question, if the reso-
lution is read again, and I would ask that this may
be done.
The resolution was accordingly read.
Mr. SEWARD. I ask the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Sumker] whether this subject,
which certainly is a very important and interesting
one, would not more properly be referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations? The Committee
on Naval Affairs is burdened with a very exten-
sive business not closely connected with this, while
it addresses itself legitimately, I think, to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations. I do not know any
other subject on which that committee could be
engaged so profitably and beneficially. If that
committee is not prepared to examine the subject,
I would suggest to my friend from Massachusetts
to permit the resolution to lie on the table for a
day or two, till we have time to consider it more
fully.
Mr. SUMNER. I would remark that the res-
olution was predicated upon an existing fact, name-
ly: that the Committee on Naval Affairs is now
charged with a special subject which it seems to
me at the present moment is intimately connected
with the inquiry into the importance and practi-
cability of cheap ocean postage. You will observe
that in the beginning of the resolution, particular
reference is made to this fact, and it is on this ac-
count that the resolution is directed to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. SEWARD. I desire to move to amend the
resolution by striking out " the Committee on Na-
val Affairs," and inserting "the Committee on
Foreign Relations."
Mr. MASON. I think the Senator from New
York in reviewing that motion will find that it is
a subject which is utterly inappropriate for the
consideration of the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions. It is a matter which relates to mail con-
tracts. I am willing that it should be sent to the
Committee on Naval Affairs, or to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads; but it seems to
me, with all due deference to the mover, that it be-
longs especially to the Committee on the Post Of-
fice and Post Roads. It is a matter of postal regula-
tion, affecting the revenues of the post office; and
although it may be a subject which refers to the
relations between ocean steamers and the Govern-
ment, which is a question now before the Naval
Committee, yet it is not germane to that subject.
I understand the ocean steamers want an increase
of compensation from the Government for their
services. That may be right or wrong. That will
be a matter for the Naval Committee to inquire
into; but whether it is proper for this Government
to enter into any arrangement to reduce the postage
is a question for the consideration of the Post Office
Committee. I submit, therefore, to the Senator
from New York to withdraw his proposition.
Mr. SEWARD. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. BADGER. Like my friend from Virginia,
I am willing that the resolution should go either to
the Committee on Foreign Relations or to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads, or to any
other committee except the Committee on Naval
Affairs. Now, each ot us seems to be willing ihat
the subject should go to any committee except the
one which we are upon. 1 think it would be bet-
ter to let the matter lie over till to-morrow, until
we see what committee will be the most proper
one to take charge of a subject of which none of
the committees hitherto named seems desirous to
take charge.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; I am willing to
consent to that.
Mr. BADGER. Then I move that, for the
present, the resolution be laid upon the table.
The motion was agreed to.
RAILROADS IjV IOWA.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill granting the right of way and making a grant
of land to the State of Iowa 111 aid of the con-
struction of certain railroads in said State, the
pending question being on the amendment offered
by Mr. Underwood.
Mr. UNDERWOOD replied to the remarks of
the Senator from Iowa [Mr. Dodge] in a speech
which will be found in the Appendix.
Mr. HAMLIN. I do not suppose that any
Senator proposes to discuss this bill further to-
day; 1 do not myself purpose to speak upon it at
all; but there aie some matters, of an executive
character, to which I desire to invite the attention
of the Senate, and which require its action. I
therefore move to postpone the further considera-
tion of this subject until to-morrow, for the pur-
pose of afterwards moving that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of Executive business.
Mr. BORLAND. I wish to say to the Senate
that I desire to offer a very few remarks on this
bill before it is finally disposed of. Therefore, if
the honorable Senator will permit, I will make the
motion to postpone, so that I may have the floor
when the subject again comes up.
Mr. HAMLIN. I withdraw the motion to ac-
commodate the Senator from Arkansas.
Mr. BORLAND. Then I move to postpone
the further consideration of the bill until to-mor-
row.
Mr. CLARKE. It will be recollected by the
Senate/that some ten or more days since, to-mor-
row, (Tuesday,) was assigned fortheconsideration
of the resolution which I had the honor to intro-
duce upon the subject of non-intervention. The
honorable Senator from New York [Mr. Si^v ard]
has the floor upon that subject; and it is very de-
sirable, indeed, to him that he should have an op-
portunity to-morrow to deliver his sentiments upon
it. I shall, therefore, to-morrow morning ask the
Senate to take up that question with a view to the
accommodation of the honorable Senator from
New York. After that, there will be nothing to
interfere with this bill, and Senators can express
their opinions upon it.
The PRESIDENT. It will of course be in the
power of the Senate to take up either subject to-
morrow.
Mr. BORLAND. To accommodate gentlemen,
I will modify my proposition by moving to post-
i pone the further consideration of the subject until
! Wednesday.
! The motion was agreed to.
i
j D. D. MITCHELL,
^ The following message was received from the
i House of Representatives, by Mr. J. W. Forney,
| its Clerk:
; Mr. President: The IIou«e of Repiesentatives have
, passed Senate bill No. 161, entitled '• An act for the relief
i of Lieutenant Colonel Mitchell, of the State of Missouri,"
wall an amendment, in which I am directed to a-k the con-
cuirence of the Senate.
On the motion of Mr. MANGUM, the Senate
proceeded to consider the amendment of the House
of Representatives to the said bill.
The amendment was read, as follows:
" Strike out al! after the enacting clause, and insert:
"That it shall be the duty ofthe Attorney Gencial of the
United States to prosecute the will of error pending before
the Supreme Court of the United States, in the case of D,
D. Mitchell versus M. X. Harmony, without cost to the
plaintiff in error.
uSec.2. Andbc it further enacted, That the Attorney
Geneial he, and he hereby u, directed to cause uich chan-
cery or other proceeding's to be in&tUutcd in the ihune of I).
D Mitchell vs. M. X. Harmony, or his a«<?ignees, before
the pioper court at St. Louis, Missouri, as «hall stay pro-
ceedings upon a certain judgment at law, in the name of
said IJannony, against said Mitchell, till the rendition of an
opuiion by the Supreme Court of the United States upon
the writ of error aioresaid. And it shall be the duty of the
Secioiatj of the Treasury to cau>e t-uch f-ecuiity to be en-
tered by the United States as shall indemnify and save said
Mitchell harmless against said judgment.
'• Sec. 3. Jlndbe it further enacted, That whenever the
Attorney General of the United States shall certify to the
Secretary of the Treasury that the writ of error aforesaid
has failed, or that no further steps can be taken at law or
in equity whereby to avoid the payment ot said judgment,
in favor of said Harmony, rendered 111 the State of Missoiui,
then it shall be the dut> of the Secretary of the Treasury,
and he is heiebj authouzed to liquidate and satisfy said
judgment, damages, and costs, out of any money in the
Tieasury not otherwise appropriated."
Mr. MANGUM. It will be remembered that
a bill has been passed by the Senate at this ses-
sion, providing for the immediate payment of the
judgment obtained against Colonel Mitchell. This
amendment of the House of Representatives pro-
poses to s;ive the defendant in the original suit an
opportunity of having it regularly adjudged in the ^
Supreme Court of the United States. As I under-
stand, the verdict was deemed a very extraordi-
nary one. It was for a very large amount of
money; and Mr. Mitchell, who had been acting
as the agent ofthe Government, was unwilling to
bankrupt his private fortune, and call upon other
gentlemen to bankrupt theirs, in all probability, by
entering such large security for prosecuting it fur-
ther. This amendment proposes that the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, for the Government, shall
meet that responsibility; and if, ultimately, the
claim shall be adjudged to be good, the amendment
only provides (what we have already voted) that
the money shall he paid out of the Treasury of the
United States. I hope the amendment will be
agreed to.
Mr. BORLAND. The bill which was origin-
ally passed by the Senate and sent to the House,
and to which this is an amendment, was reported
from the Committee on Military Affairs. I see no
other member of the Military Committee of the
Senate now present; but I think I fairly represent
that committee in advocating the immediate adop-
tion of this amendment. In reporting the bill
originally, the committee proceeded upon the
ground that although, in their opinion, the judg-
ment was an improper one, and had been obtained
by improper means, yet Colonel Mitchell acted in
good faith, and should be protected. On that
ground the Senate passed a bill for his relief. This
amendment of the House of Representatives se-
cures all the relief which the bill passed by the
Senate secured, and at the same time authorizes
and lequires steps to be taken to see if we cannot
also relieve the Government from the payment of
an unjust claim.
The amendment of the House of Representa-
tives was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION".
On the motion of Mr. HAMLIN, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of Executive busi-
ness; and, after some time spent therein, the doors
were reopened, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, March 8, 1852.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer by
the Rev. C. M. Bctlkh.
The Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER. The first business m order
is the motion,to reconsider the vote by which the
bill for the relief of Lieutenant Colonel Mitchell was
ordered to be read a third time.
Mr. THOMPSON. I offer the following reso-
lution for the adoption of the House:
