696
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 8,
Resolved, That this day be appropriated, to the exclusion
nf  I5 other busmen, to tfic calloi thfi States, be^inmriennH
the State oi Maine, Jor resolutions, and bills ot which pre-
vious nonce Has been pive.., and upon which no debate
shall be allowed.'
Mr. GENTRY. Let us have reports from
committees.' . .
The SPEAKER. The introduction of the rea-
olution is objected to.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Will it be in
order to move to suspend the rales for the purpose
of introducing that resolution ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not, for
the reason that the bill lor the relief of Lieutenant
Colonel Mitchell is now before the House on a
motion to reconsider. When that is out of the
way, it will be in order to submit the motion
indicated.
POST ROADS LiN LOUISIANA.
Mr. PENN,by the unanimous consent of the
House, submitted the joint resolutions of the Le-
gislature of the State of Louisiana, in favor of the
establishment of certain post roads in that State;
which were read, and referred to the Committee on
the Post Office am! Post Roads.
Mr. CLLNGrMAN called for the regular order
of business.
Mr. ROBBINS. I hope the gentleman will al-
low me to offer certain joint resolutions of the
Legislature of the State of Pennsylvania.
Sir. DOTY objected. 1
Mr. CLARK.. Will it not be in order to move
for the suspension of the rules, with a view to the
introduction of the resolution proposed by the gen-
tleman from Virginia, [Mr. Thompson?]
LIEUTENANT COLONEL MITCHELL.
The SPEAKER. It will no!, until the bill for
the relief of Colonel Mitchell, immediately before
the House for consideration, is disposed of, it
having been introduced under a suspension of the
rules. The House is now called on to act upon
that bill thus introduced.
Mr. STUART. 1 think the question pending
is upon a motion to leconsidei.
The SPEAKER. The question pending is a
motion to leconsider the vote by winch the bill
was ordered to be read a third time.
Mr. STI" \ RT. AVill it be in order to move to
postpone that subject5
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that it will
be.
Mr. STUART. Then I make the motion to
postpone it for thirty days.
[Cries of " No !" '• No!"]
Mi. STUART. I understand, sir, that Lhe Su-
preme Court will not sit again , to decide this
question now before it, within ilurty days, and if
that be so, 1 will modify that motion to extend it
to sixty dtijx—io allow time for the Supreme
Court to art upon the question before it. .Now,
I submitthat it is leasonahle foi the liiends of this
measure—and I claim to beoneof them—to proceed
cautiously and piudemK . If the Supreme Court
of the United States icwnse the original judgment
rendered in New Yoik, then lehefcau be sought
against the jud^mnit and execution in Missouri.
But there i.s another reu^m, and it is this: There
has not been one particle of evidence furnished io
this Congress, so lor as 1 have been enabled to
learn, of the piesent condition of that judgment
and execution in the Stale of Ai'issoun. ' A reoort
which is nude ro the Senate, and which is said to
be a unanimous one, is the most meager thing
imaginable. That committee reports unanimously
that the judgment ought to be paid. They leoort
there is an execution issued .against the property of
Colonel Mitchell; that it is levied upon; that tlnre
is danger of its being .sacrificed, he banki noted
and ruined, and yet they do „ot furiosi, one'par-
ticle of evidence to sustain tint fact. And it will
be seen that they speak of the impending ditficulty
existmg then—ih.it is. i.mr months ago. Tt exist-
ed then, and evei y time this question "has come up
we have been urged to act precipitately, without
reflection, without ewdence, necause there is an
impending execution o\er the protvnay of that
a ent that it is about to bankrupt him. Now, if
this has existed for ftmr months—the same evil
hanging over Ins property—it is time that there
was evidence ol it b,ve. There is another fact
which should not oe lost sight of_ h ig ))ot reo_
sonabJe, nor has any gentleman here yet been able
to furnish any evidence how it is reasonable that
judgment should be rendered against him if all jj writ of error pending in the Supreme Court of the
^ was fair. I insist, and I do so wjtli proper defer- 11 United States, and that he be also directed to take
; enee, that it becomes the House of Representatives J J the necessary steps to stay further proceedings
i to pause, and not to pass a law paying this judg- |i upon the judgment issued in Missouri against
ment, which would put it beyond our reach even s :c ;*   u-   * -r
to get out of the difficulty, until we have some
; positive, incontrovertible evidence that the facts
' which are claimed to exist in this case, do in truth
exist.
I If Colonel Mitchell shall be compelled to pay
i this debt, and the Supreme Court shall reverse the
: judgment rendered in the city of New York, it
i would leave a remedy—the money can be recov-
' ered back by hnn; but if the Government of the
i United States pay the judgment, it would be gone
forever. I am disposed to indemnify that man,
' and I am very strongly inclined to think that he
| should be indemnified; but I say, it is doe to our-
| selves that we should have the proof, and not to go
' and precipitately consummate an act thatnever can
j be retrieved, and to do an injustice to this Gov-
, eminent for the want of the proper evidence before
us. 1 hope, therefore, that the Iluuse will take
: such action upon this subject as not to reject it—
, I do not wish tha: done—Gut that they will hold it
t within their power to postpone the consideration
, of it to a time when we can learn from Missouri
what is the condition of things there, and to learn
' from the Supreme Court of the United States what
! they will do m regard to the original judgment.
I That there is a writ of error pending there is now
j thoroughly showrt. It is beyond dispute; and the
; court have got to pass upon it. If they reverse
j the judgment, then there is no reason why we
should pay the judgment in Missouri. If they
; shall affirm that judgment, why,sir,*it will be due
! when the court meets again 011 the first of April,
j or shortly after. It will be in ample time to save
| this man, to save his property, and to save the
Government of the United States from an injustice
that may happen if we act precipitately. Ail 1 sug-
gest, therefore, to the consideration of the House
is prudence, and a proper degree of discietion in
this matter.
Mr. PHELPS. Mr. Speaker, there has been
no disposition upon the part of the friends of this
bill, I am sure, to precipitate the action uf the
House. The other day, while it was under con-
sideration, a statement was made by me that no
writ of error was pending—that it was abandoned.
This statement was made upon the authority of! State of Missouri—no matter what his reputation
t rftnnrt aT tKa P A iY\ m iHoa ovs A iV . ■I 1 ..      .. . .'1 ' I. t ... l ■ /* t i i i
Mitchell, ff it can be done; and in the event of
being unsuccessful, that the judgment shall be
liquidated by the money that we shall appropriate.
Then you place the United States to defend Colonel
Mitchell. You prosecute the suit, where Colonel
Mitchell is ihe plaintiff in error, now pending in
the Supreme Court of the United States, and you
really make the United States (though not in
name) defendantin the judgment wheh now exists
in Missouii.
But it is stated that this judgment might have
been postponed, or stayed, by the action of the
courts of Missouri. That could not have been
done. No defense which existed prior to the ren-
dition of the judgment of the circuit court in New
York could be urged as a defense to the suit
brought in that record in the courts of Missouri.
Although Colonel Mitchell might have felt him*
self aggrieved by that judgment, still, so long as
that judgment was unreversed and in force, henad
no ground of defense against the suit which was
pending against him in the St. Louis circuit court.
But heie let it be understood that in Missouri we
have abolished the forms of action as they existed
at common law, and our suits are commenced by
petition, and that not only the plaintiff is required
to verify the facts set forth in his petition, but the
defendant is required to make answer to the alle-
gations contained m the plaintiff's petition, and to
verify his answer by affidavit. What defense
could Mitchell make? None whatever. I say he
had nothing, therefore, which he could urge in
defense of that suit which was brought against
nim in St, Louis county, and judgment was bound
to go against him. I desire that the gentleman
who has made the suggestion shall be apprised of
what may iie the results in the event that you
seek to enjoin that judgment obtained in Missouri:
ten per cent, damage*, besides costs, are allowed
by the law of our State if the injunction should be
dissolved.
Gentlemen have inquired why, .since this case
was taken up from the circuit court of the United
States for the southern district of New York to
the Supieme Court, there was not a stay of exe-
^ - j)0 yOU believe that a resident of the
the report of the Committee on Military Affairs
; iii the Senate, which I then had before me. No
| one was more surprised than myself when the
| statement of the Clerk of the Supreme Couit was
' read, showing that the case was stillon the docket
■ of that court. Since that time, by the kindness
j of one of ihe Judges, I have been "furnished with
| his printed copy of the record, and now have it
| before me. If any relief is to be given Colonel
, Mitchell, it must be given early and promptly.
The gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Si-taut]
: now proposes that further action upon this bill
shall be postponed for sixty days. That proposi-
, tion [ am bound to resist. The gentleman says
, that he desires to know what evidence we have of
the judgment m the circuit court of St. Louis
1 county. The report of the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs of the Senate states the fact. I pre-
sume no record was brought here from Missouri
to prove it by that character of evidence, because
I during this winter a number of gentlemen, mem-
bers of the bar, trom Sf. Louis county—gentle-
- men conversant with the action of this court m St.
, Louis—were m this city, and I suppose the evi- ■
dence upon which that statement m th" report
was made was obtained from them.
I admit this would not he legal testimony in a !
court oj justice, nor do we require that. I rake it
for granted that no one will deny the existence of
this judgment, ami that it is* the one against
which Colonel Mitchell asks to be indemnified.
The property of Colonel Mitchell can and I
fear will be sold under tliA ex« cation issued upon
the judgment which Harmony has obtained
against him in the court in Missouri, unless we
afford him relief. There is no pov. er here to stay
that judgment, f then will suggest to my friend
that perhaps this bill may be so' modified that not
for pecuniary responsibility may be—if he should
be in the city of New York, and a judgment to
the amount of £95,000 should there be rendered
; against him, could give security for double the
. amount of the judgment—say $190,000—in order
■ to have a supersedeas of the execution' ft could
■ not be done. There are two methods by which
1 you take a case to the Supreme Court. In one
method there is a supersedeas; and that is where
i you give bond in'double the amount of the judg-
, merit i endered, with seennty—the sufficiency of
that security to be adjudged and determined by
1 the court. In the other way, you may take an
appeal during term time, or within ten days there-
after; in which event you have to give a bond,
with security, for the costs of prosecuting the
appeal. The very question of defense, arid the
very charge delivered by Judge Nelson in the
trial of this case, has undergone the revision uf
the law ofricer of tins Government, and j hold
here in my hand the report made by the Solicitor
of the Treasury—Mr. Clark—when"he was called
upon to examine into the propriety of prosecuting
the case in the Supreme Court, or probability of u
revei sal of the judgment. Hi?, opinion upon that
subject was g:\en last winter. It i*. :i paiuphle'
cofiUumtJi: sn.ne twelve pagvs.
Jt_will i,e recollected tint this suit was pending
in New \ ork under ih<" instructions of the Solici-
tor ot the Treasury, Mr. Shepard, the then dis-
trict attorney for the Southern district of New
"V ork, was directed to defend the case, and to aid
Colunei Mitchell in his defense: and the whole
lecord shows that Mi. Shepard was the attorney
in that case, although Colonel Mitchell employed
another gentleman by the name of Eager to aid in
his defense. It appears that a ttanscnpt of the
record was presented to Mr. Clark. He reviewed
only rehefmay be afforded Mitchell, but at the 'the case, and' Y.^rfoifow' the'nomtTwh^h'h
-ame time the ] reasury be guarded. Suppose makes upon a full examination. The recor.
this bill
v,dP,k„Jr by" the I-louse so_as to pro- , shows that the counsel for Mitchell excepted to
' atial' ^iney^®rje^J°f the United States ]\ the charge given by Judge Nelson to the jury,and
> p ecute, in )ehalf of the United States, the ■ the hill of exceptions is contained in the volume
