1610
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 24,
not consume the time of the Seriate. It has al-
ready been occupied long enough upon this sub-
ject. I wish, however, before I vote on this prop*-
osition—which I shall certainly vote against—to
put on record, in a more positive form, my de-
cided objection to it; for I do believe, that if it be
not now an instrument of tyranny, the time will
inevitably come when it wil) be so. It may be so
usetl—and it will be, if you depart from that gen-
eral parliamentary law which seems to have been
most wisely and systematically devised, and is far
more convenient in practice than any set of rules
which temporary exigencies may suggest. ##
The question being taken by yeas and nays, on
the resolution proposing to amend the rules, re-
sulted—yeas 21, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Badger, Bradbury, Brodhead,
Cass, Clarke, Dawson, De Saussure, Dodge of Wisconsin,
Pelcfo, Fish, Houston, James, Jones of Iowa, Mallory,
Miller, Smith, Toucey, Underwood, Upliam, and Wade—
81.
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Be]!, Borland, Brooke, Charl-
ton, Clemens, Cooper, Davis, Dodge of Iowa, Downs, Foot,
Hale, King, Mason, Morton, Norris, Pearce, Piatt, Sebas-
tian, Sumner, and Walker—21.
So it was rejected.
COMPENDIUM OF THE PUBLIC DOCUMENTS.
On the motion of Mr. BRADBURY, the Sen-
ate proceeded, as in Committee of the Whole, to
the consideration of the joint resolution providing
for a compendium of the annual public documents.
It requests the President, at the commencement
of each future session of Congress, or as soon
thereafter as may be practicable, to cause to be
prepared a compendium of the public documents
accompanying the President's message, and the
reports of the Secretary of the Treasury on the
finances, and on commerce and navigation, and of
such other reports of any of the Secretaries as
may be of general interest, embracing only the
more important portions, for the purpose of being
printed in a single volume, as a substitute for the
extra numbers of these documents heretofore
published.
Mr. BRADBURY. Mr. President, it will be
necessary that I occupy but a very few moments
in giving a brief explanation of the objects of this
resolution. It is designed to obtain, in a compact
form, the valuable portions of the annual public
documents submitted with the President's mes-
sage, omitting the unimportant matter. It is not
designed to supersede the printing of the docu-
ments in extenso, so far as they may be necessary
for the use of members of Congress, or of public
libraries; but that this compendium shall take the
place of the extra numbers which we ordinarily
publish of these documents. I have examined
the President's message and accompanying doc-
uments, laid before Congress at the present ses-
sion, and 1 will refer to them to show the neces-
sity of such a compendium as I propose.
The message and documents comprise three
volumes, embracing, generally, reports from the
heads of Departments and from the chiefs of bu-
reaus. Two volumes have been already received.
These two volumes comprise 1,019 pages, and I
e am informed that the remaining volume will con-
tain 750 pages. The report of the Secretary of
the Tieasury on Commerce and Navigation occu-
pies 395 pages, and his report on the Finances 88
pages more. ' Thus we have five volumes spread-
ing over a space of 2,252 pages coming into Con-
gress at the commencement of the session. This
does not include the report of the Commissioner
of Patents, which occupies two volumes, and
covers 1,150 pages more, as the resolution does
not touch that report; but I take this occasion to
say that it ought to be compressed into a much
smaller space, and could be done at very great ad-
vantage. The various reports that are made from
time to time during the session are also excluded,
and make no part of the volumes I have named.
Of all the volumes over which the message and
accompanying documents are spread out, we are
in the habit of publishing a large edition of extra
numbers. I will refer to some of these volumes
for a single moment, and ask the Senate to ex-
amine their contents. I look into the two vol-
umes already published, and I find that accom-
panying the President's message are numerous
papers from the Department of State, many of
which are of no interest to the general reader, and
also voluminous documents accompanying the re-
port of the Secretary uf War, respecting military
and Indian affairs in Texas, New Mexico, Cali-
fornia, Oregon, and Florida, and extended details
in the reports of chiefs of the military bureaus,
to some of which I beg leave to refer, as speci-
mens by way of illustration. There are tables
respecting
" The organization of the Army;"
" The general returns of the Army;"
"The position and distribution of troops," in
various departments;
" Statements of supplies forwarded;"
" Detailed statements of the number of hired
teamsters furnished to detachments of troops, and
the means of transportation," &c.
" Abstract of building materials used" at vari-
ous military posts; and
" Tables of observations, showing changes in
the bottom, at the site of the screw-pile light-house
on Brandywine Shoals, in the Delaware bay."
In volume II. there is a long
" List of contracts under the cognizance of the
Bureau of Construction, Equipment, and Re-
pairs," occupying forty pages.
There is a
" List of offers to furnish naval supplies," oc-
cupying some twenty pages.
" Offers for supplies to the dry-dock, New
York;"
" Offers for the annual supplies for the Norfolk
navy-yard;" and a
" List of contracts under the cognizance of the
Bureau of Yards and Docks," occupying one hun-
dred and thirty pages.
Let us look at the character of some of these.
In this schedule of contracts, comprising one hun-
dred and thirty pages, we have the names of con-
tractors, and particular articles contracted for in
detail, like the following:
William A. Bicfrford:
14 pieces ot wlntc pine, 18 feet long.
14 " " " 18 « «
2 a a u 15 (( u
5 « « « 15 "  
130 " " u 8 " "
And so on for page after page in minute detail.
We publish ten thousand copies of these docu-
ments, and send them abroad over the country, for
the use of the general reader, containing details
thus minute and unimportant, and of no conceivable
utility to any but a small number of persons.
Every one is aware that the matter ordinarily
wanted for general use might be comprised in a
single volume of moderate size, and such a volume
would be worth more to almost every person than
the whole five now are. Another inconvenience
would be obviated by the compendium. The
number of volumes now accumulate so fast that it
is inconvenient to preserve them, for in the course
of a few years, they make of themselves a large
library. 1 would like to inquire of honorable Sen-
ators if they have not already experienced great
inconvenience arising from this source, as well as
from the fact that the important information con-
tained in these documents, is spread over so wide
a surface, and is only to he found, after wading
through so many pages of unimportant detail.
On the score of value and convenience, the ab-
stract would be worth more to members of Con-
gfess even than the documents in extenso, though
it is proposed that they shall have both. Another
purpose would be effected by the preparation of
this compendium. It would secure a great saving
of expense, and is therefore recommended by
every principle of economy as well as convenience.
We publish a large issue of extra numbers—the
present year ten thousand copies, after providing
those necessary for our own use. Now ten
thousand copies of the five volumes are equivalent
to fifty thousand volumes of the single compen-
dium. Ten thousand volumes of the compendium
would save nearly four fifths of the expense; and
if we doubled that number, we should double the
amount of valuable information now furnished by
the distribution of the documents, and save at
least one half the expense. Again, and it is mat-
ter of very frequent complaint amongst our constit-
uents, that few obtain, or are able to obtain, a per-
fect set of the public documents. The compendium
would furnish to individuals generally a document
of service to them, answering all the purposes of
the full set. it would ordinarily furnish them
every fact important for them to know. It is be-
lieved that it will not be found difficult for the
President to cause the Secretaries, when they pre-
pare their annual reports, to prepare also an abstract
or compendium of the valuable portions of them,
so that it may be submitted with the documents at
large. It may be said that we have no guarantee
that the compendium will contain such matter as
may be needed, or such as we shall desire to-pub-
lish. I apprehend no practical difficulty will be
found on that score, for when the documents are
sent on, if anything should be omitted which we
should desire to have inserted, it will be easy to
cause* the deficiency to be supplied. When the
compendium is submitted, it will be in the power
of either House of Congress to regulate the whole
matter by publishing such number ctf it as they
shall see fit, and such number also of the docu-
ments in extenso. My conviction is, that if we
will try the experiment a great saving will be
made, and a great convenience effected. I think
that there can be no objection to it, and I hope
that the resolution will receive favorable consider-
ation.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, the Senate have,
I think with very great wisdom, refused one inno-
vation upon our rules; and though my vote has
uniformly beeil given in favor of cutting off the
great expenditures for the printing of books, yet
I must say that I feel constrained to go against
this particular proposition; and I think that the
reasons suggested by the honorable Senator from
Maine, will convince every gentleman who will
listen to the matter, that this is entirely wrong.
He proposes to make a compendium of public
documents. How large that compendium is to
be he has not told us.
Mr. BRADBURY. It is to be a single volume.
Mr. HALE. A single volume. But the Sen-
ator may learn that volumes are of different sizes.
There is " Jack the Giant Killer," a very small
volume, which you can hold on one finger; and
then there is " Fox's Book of Martyrs," which is
still one volume, but it would require one stout
boy to carry it. So that " a single volume" does
not convey a very distinctideato the mind. Sup-
pose you appoint a committee, or trust it to one
of the Secretaries, to make a compendium of the
important and useful matters which are comprised
in these public documents. There is a very large
class of the community who think that the most
important and most useful information which can
be given to the country, is that very part which
the honorable Senator has read to the Senate to
show its uselessness, and that is the lists of con-
tracts, and names of the contractors. He says
these tables take up one hundred and thirty pages.
Why, there are a great many of the most astute,
eagle-eyed, and acute men in the country who do
not read anything else in these documents. If
there is a single subject which should be fully ex-
posed to the country, it is that. If there is a sub-
ject where there has been abuse, fraud, cheating,
favoritism, plundering of the Treasury, illegally
puLting the proceeds of the public Treasury into
the pockets of favorites, it is in regard to this very
matter of "contracts and furnishing of supplies. If
there is a single thing that ought to be exposed,
and watched with scrutiny, and guarded with care,
it is that very list of contracts and offers to furnish
supplies, with the names of the contractors. Sir,
the names tell more than whole volumes. Some-
times the names of contractors may be covered up.
That should not be so; and if the politics of the
contractors could also be given, I would be willing
to have the documents made a little larger, to in-
clude that. Th^t is one matter which the Senator
wants abridged; and I venture to say, that when-
ever you get a committee to undertake to make an
abridgment of these documents, they will abridge
them in that very particular in which the great
mass of the country will want information.
The honorable Senator objects to some of these
observations that have been made about something
-—I do not know what—possibly the tides, pos-
sibly the heavens. Well, sir, there is a large class
of men to whom thesp observations are the most
interesting. Just according to the temper and dis-
position of the committee that is to make the com-
pendium, the compendium will be made to suit
their peculiar views and their peculiar tastes, and
nobody else. The probability is, that our public
documents, in this compendious form, will not be
worth a straw.
Now, I think that if there is to be an amend-
ment in regard to this matter, that amendment
should go deeper than this, and that we should not
print so many numbers of documents which are
