2474
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 30,
56th. Strike out " thirty " and insert " forty,"
in the following:
" For contingent expenses offoreign intercourse, $30.000."
58th. In page 39, after line 1, insert the follow-
ing;:
'•To enable the President of the United States to make
compensation to the Spanish consul and other subjects of
Spam re-uhngatNew Orleans, and subjects of Spain at Key
Wext, for losses occasioned by violence in the year 1851,
arising from intelligence then recently received at those
places of the execution of certain persons at Havana, who
had recently invaded the Wand of Cuba, .$*25,000: Prodded,
That belore payments be made under this appropriation the
President of the United States shall cause an investigation
to be made of such alleged losses, and that the same, to-
gether with the readable costs of the investigation, shall
be paid on the certificate of the Secretary of State that the
same are proven to the satisfaction of the President."
59th. Insert in the same page the following:
"Forcompensation to Peter Parker, as Acting Chargl
d'Affaires at Canton, China, for two years from the 24th of
May, 1850, to the 24th of May, 1852, which shall be in full
for all demand fbr such services for the period named,
$4,000."
62d. Insert the following:
" For compensation to Charles D. Arfwedson, Consul of
the United States at Stockholm, Sweden, for diplomatic
services rendered as Charge d'Affaires at that place, by the
instruction of the Secretary of State, fiom the recall of Mr.
Ellsworth to the artivai of Mr. Schroeder, appointed Charge
d'Affaires from the24thof July, 1849, to the 22d day of'April,
X850, a period of eight months and twenty-nine days, being
one half of the salary of a Cbargl d'Affaires, and in full of
all such services for the period named, $1,681 25."
63d. Insert the following:
"That the Secretary of State cause the accounts of
Joseph Balestier. late special agent of the United States in
Asia, to be settled in such manner as to allow him his trav-
eling and other necessary expenses incurred m returning
to the United States, alter receipt of notice of the termina-
tion of his mission, and that hts salary as such agent be al-
lowed from the time when it was discontinued until a rea-
sonable time for his return, not exceeding six months, to be
paid outof any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated."
64th. Insert the following:
"To Anthony Ten Eyck, for additional compensation as
late Consul to the Sandwich Islands, being the same amount
allowed by act of September 30th, 1850, to Charles Eames,
his successor, $2,000."
65th. In page 39, line 14, strike out "130,000,"
and insert, "#34,240," in the following section:
"For incidental expenses of the several land offices,
$30,000."
66th. Strikeout "ten," and insert " two," in
the following section:
44 For surveying ten thousand six hundred and twenty-five
miles of meridian, base and standard lines, meandering and
survey of irregular or river lots, &c.; at a rate not exceeding
fifteen dollars per mile, $39,375."
67th and 68th. Insert in the following clause the
words in italics:
For surveying private claims in California, which may
have been presented in good faith to the Board of Land Com-
missioners, $22,500. Provided, That the authority hereby
conferredon the Surveyor General shall apply only to such
unconfirmed cases as in the gradual extension of the lines of
the public surveys he shall find tnthin the immediate sphere
of his operations, and which he is satisfied outfit to be re-
spected and actually surveyed in advance of confirmation."
69th. After line 13, page 42, insert the follow-
ing:
" For subdividing the Islands of Santa Cruz, San Miguel
or Santa Uo>a, San Bernard, Santa Catalma, San Clemente
or San Salvador, San Nicolas, and Santa Barbaia, on the
coaht of California, by the Coast Survey, according to such
plan as may be devised by the General Land Office, so that
said island* may be readily disposed of under the laws of
the United State*, and in establishing the necessary comers
alone ihe meanders, with which to connect the hues of the
subdivisions under this appmpjiation, $20,000 : Provided,
That the Superintendent ol the Coa>r Smvey shall return
to the General Land Office two complete maps and field
notes of *aid subdivisions, with the meanders and connec-
tions aforesaid, one of which shall be lor the records of the
Surveyor General: Jind piov'ulcd further, That all leases
^ of any of said i-lands, or of any part ol either of them now
outstanding, shall be regarded as without authority, and
void."
70th. Insert in page 42, after line 17, the follow-
ing:
•' For completing the geological survey of the iron region
of that portion of Michigan which borders on Lake Supe-
rior, .$1,500."
71st. Insert the following:
« For defraying the expense ofsurvoyingand marking the
boundary between the States of Missouri and Iowa, under
the recent deci&ion and order of the Supreme Court,
$11,042 G8."
72d, In page 42, after line 20, insert:
  For the compensation of a clerk in the office of the
Commissioner of Public Buildings, §1,000."
73d. In page 44, after line 3, insert:
" For compensation of two additional day watchmen, to
ha employed in preserving the public grounds about the
Capitol, authorized by the act of May 15, 1850, to supply
deficiencies, and the act of September 30, 1850, making
appropriations for the civil and diplomatic expenses of the
Government, at $500 each, $1,000."
74th. In page 44, line 13, strike out " $600"
and insert "$1,000," in the following clause:
"For the purchase of manure for the public grounds,
$600."
75th. In page 44, after line 20, insert:
" To complete and revise the grades in the city of Wash-
ington, and to determine the plans for the draining and
sewerage thereof, .$6,000; the surveysaud plans to be made
by the engineer now in charge of that duty, under the direc-
tion of the President of the United States."
76th. Insert:
" To enable the President of the United States to cause
the necessary surveys, projects, and estimates to be made
for determining the best means of affording the cities of
Washington and Georgetown an unfailing and abundant
supply ot good and wholesome water, report thereof to be
made to Congress at its next session, the sum of $5,000, or
so much thereof as may be found necessary."
78th. Insert:
" For defraying the expenses incurred in the improve-
ment, amfcfor embellishing the triangular space on the
north side of Pennsylvania avenue, between 13th and 14th
streets, $5,150."
79th. Insert:
" To enable the Secretary of the Interior, under the direc-
tion of the President of the United States, to purchase a
site in the neighborhood of Washington, and for the erec-
tion, furnishing, and fitting up of an asylum for the insane
of the District of Columbia, and of the Army and Navy of
the United States, $100,000: Provided, That the whole ex-
pense of purchasing the site, and of erecting, furnishing,
and fitting up the building, shall not exceed the sum herein
appropriated.55
82d. In page 45, line 14, insert:
"For defraying the expenses incurred in the improve-
ment of Lafayette Square, $3,988."
83d. In page45, line 17, to the following clause—
" For the completion of the east wing of the Patent Office
Building, $103,OUO"—
add the following:
il Provided, That the work and materials furnished by con-
tract for said building, and likewise the material for the ex-
tension of the Capitol, be measured agreeably to the original
contracts; and that no further payments be made until the
measurement is made and reported. The contracts and the
proposals to be put in the hands of the measurer, and he or
they to be sworn before entering on duty to examine and
measure, and report every part of the work and materials,
without deviation from the contracts and proposals; and if it
be shown that any extra materials are used, they to be rated
at the pro rata price, for materials only, and entered m a
separate column of the account, and the same rule of meas-
urement to be applied to all othei buildings and other public
woikoand contracts in this District. And it shall he the
duty of the Comptroller of the Tieasury to arrest and stop
any voucher not made in form and m accordance with the
teims of the contract against which it is drawn. And it is
hereby made a penal offense for any measurer or inspector
of woik or disbursing officer, to make or present, or to pass
or attempt to pass, any falsely made or fictitious voucher
to draw money horn the Treasury on any contracts or ac-
counts whatever; and that all contracts shall hereafter be
advertised at least sixty days before letting, and that all
contracts now existing m relation to building the additions
to the Capitol, as well as the Patent Office, not made
according to law, are hereby canceled at the end of sixty
days, and notice of the same shall be given in all the news-
papers in the city of Washington. Arid that all contracts
ol every description, which have been made without public
notice having been given, where notice was required, shall
be canceled alter sixty days' notice having been given in
the newspapers of this city: Provided, also, That good and
sufficient security shall be given for twice the amount of
money at any tune to be advanced to the conti actor, under
any contract, and that bids shall be opened in presence of
the bidders, it they or any one of them should be piesent, and
that notice to that effect shall be given in Ihe advertisement
for proposals, to be published agreeably to this proviso.
And all contracts made without aw appropriation of money
lor an object, the subject of a coutract, are hereby canceled
and declared void."
84th. Strike out, in page 45, line 18, the word
" furnishing" and insert the word " finishing," in
the clause appropriating for the front of the base-
ment of the center building of the Patent Office.
85th. Insert in the following clause, in page 45,
the words in italics:
" For the erection of the west wing of the Patent Office
Building, and completing the drains for said building and
the Post Office Building, $150,00U."
90th. Insert the following:
" For grading and paving with round stone the carriage
way of Pennsylvania avenue from Seventeenth street west
to Rock Creek, setting curb-stone on each side thereof at
the distance ot twenty-five feet from the building hne, and
re-laying the flag foot-ways at the intersection of the cross
streets, $20,000."
91st. Amend the clause in relation to the com-
mission to settle land claims in California, so as
to allow them to employ three clerks instead of
two.
94th. Insert in page 47, after line 27:
" As indemnity to Jonaihan Elliott, commercial agentof
the United States at Santa Domingo, for amount by him ex-
pended in maintaining refugees in the late revolution at that
place, $600."
95th. Strike out "fifty," and insert "forty-
nine," in the following clause:
" For clerk hi*e, stationery, rent, fuel,and contingencies,
in the completion of ihe census of jy50, $50,000."
96th. Insert in page 49, at the end of the fol"
lowing clause:
"For running and marking the boundary line between
the United States and Mexico, under the treaty of Guada-
lupe H dalgo, $120,000"—
the following:
" Provided, That no part of this appropriation shall be
used orexpended until itshall he made satisfactorily to ap-
pear to ihe President of the United States that the southern
boundary of NewMexico is not established by the Commis-
sioner and Surveyor of the United States further north of
the town called 1 Paso' than the same is laid down on Dis-
turnelPs map, which is added to the treaty."
97th. Strike out4* place" and insert " plan " in
the following clause:
"For the purpose of erecting a pedestal in Lafayette
Square, for the equestrian statue of Andrew Jackson, on
such place as may be approved of by the artist for that work,
$5,000."
102d and 103d. Insert the words in italics in
the following Senate amendment:
" For establishing the branch of the United States Mint
at San Francisco, California, in accordance with the pro-
visions of the law approved the third day of July, eighteen
hundred and fifty-two, the sum of $300,000: Provided, That
no contract for materials, or for the purchase, lease, rent,
or erection of building shall be made, except to the lowest
bidder, after sixty days' advertisement in at least three
newspapers, two of which shall be published in the State
of Calitornia: Jind provided further, That nothing herein
contained shall prevent the transfer of machineiy and ma-
terials from the United State* Mint or branches to the
Branch Mint at San Francisco at a fair valuation : Provided
further, That said contractor contracts for the building and
machinery for said Branch Mint shall not in the whole, for
the completion, exceed the sum of $300,000."
104th. Insert:
" For the payment of the balance due to the Common-
wealth of Massachusetts, under the fifth article of the treaty
of Washington, for balance of expenses incurred by said
State in protecting the northeastern frontier, the same hav-
ing been heretofore settled at the Treasury of the United
States, but unpaid for want of an appropriation, $305 81."
106th. In page 55, after line 1, insert:
" To enable the Secretary of State to purchase one hun-
dred copies of the Synoptical Index, to complete the series
of Statutes at Large, heretofore anthorized by law, at $3 50
per volume, $350."
107th, 109th, 110th. In the following section
strike out the words in brackets, and insert the
words in italics:
" And be it further enacted, That the clerks, messengers,
watchmen, and laborers, employed at an annual salary, or
ia temporary positions in the executive and legislative de-
partments of the Government, in the city of Washington,
[whose compensation does not exceed $1,200 per annum,
shall in addition thereto be allowed the following annual
increase of compensation, commencing from the first day
of the present fiscal year, viz: All] whose annual compen-
sation does not exceed $1,200, shall in addition thereto be
allowed an increased compensation of twenty percent.: all
whose annual compensation exceeds $1,200, and is Jess than
$2,000, shqllreceivc an increased compensation of ten per
cent., and those whose salaries amount to or exceed $2,000,
shall receive an additional compensation of five per cent,,
and the same per centum or additional compensation shall
be allowed and paid to the clerks am! employee's in the Wash-
ington city post office ; and that the same'shall be paid out
of any money in theTreasury not otherwise appropnated :
Provided, That this section shall not extend to more than
one salary of any person receiving a salary for discharging
the duties of more than one office at the same time, or to
any person who does not actually discharge the duties of
the office for which he receives such salary, or to any per-
son engaged in prosecuting any claim, other than his own,
before any of the Departments, or Congress; and that in ca«e
any pay or accounting officer of tiie Government shall pay
said additional pei centage to any such person, it shall be a
misdemeanor in the pers-on knowingly paying or receiving
such additional per centage, rendering each liable to indict-
ment and punishment by fine and imprisonment: [Provided
further, That the provisions of this section shall not apply
to any person whose compensation has been increased at
the present session of Congress:] Provided further, That
the increase of salary given by this section shall not extend
beyond the present fiscalyear, without further legislation."
112th. Insert:
"Sec. 6. ^nd be it further enacted, That the collector of
the customs at the port of New Orleans be, and he hereby
is, authorized to appoint, with the approbation of the Sec-
retary of the Treasuiy, three head-gaugers for the said port,
atan annual salary of $1,500 each,instead of the force now
employed in the gauger'sdepartment atthe port aforesaid."
113th. In page 58, after section 8, insert the
following:
"Sec. 10. Jind be it further enacted, That where any
moneys shall have remained unexpended upon any appro-
priations by law other than for the payment of interest on
the funded debt, or the payment of interest and reimburse-
ment, according to contract, of any loan or loans made on
