1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1611
not really interesting. Bat, of all the forms in
which reform has suggested itself, I may be per-
mitted to say—with all deference to the honorable
Senator from Maine, who has given this subject a
good deal of attention,and who is, I know, desir-
ous of retrenching and reforming expenditures—
that I do think—it may be my weakness, it is cer-
tainly not my obstinacy—that he has hit upon the
worst form. This idea of a compendium, unless
you can tell beforehand what it is to consist of, and
now large a per centum of the documents it is to
contain, is one that is liable to the greatest abuse,
and will do the least to remedy the evil complained
of; because it is impossible to satisfy the public
mind in this way; it is various. The old saying
has it, that there are " many men of many minds,"
and what may be highly interesting to one will
be looked upon with calm indifference by another;
and it will be impossible to make a compendium
which will meet the public expectation. For these
reasons I am opposed to it.
Mr. BRADBURY. Mr.president, the honor-
able Senator from New Hampshire finds an ob-
jection to this resolution which I think arises from
not understanding precisely what the resolution
contemplates. The Senator argues as if it were
proposed to do away with the printingof the doc-
uments in extenso. The object of the resolution
is, that the compendium may take the place, so far
as may be necessary, of the extra numbers which
are ordinarily published, and not to do away
the printing of the documents at length for the
use of Congress. I expected the opposition of
the Senator, for I believe I have seldom moved a
proposition here which has not met with his op-
position in some form. But I think that a little
reflection will show the honorable Senator that
there is no just foundation for the apprehensions
he has expressed. The honorable Senator says
that some individuals will be very anxious to
know the names of contractors, &c , and there-
fore he thinks it is very important that we shall
publish ten thousand copies of a book of which one
hundred and thirty pages in one body are made
up to a great extent of the most minute details—
the little items and particulars, such as the length
of a piece of board, or the number of joists that
may have been furnished. I will read one or two
specimens:
" A dozen pieces of India rubber;"
" Twelve dozen lead pencils;"
" Two counting-house parallel rules;"
" Four dozen linen tape," &c.
Does the honorable Senator suppose that great
information is to be furnished by sending abroad
these minute details, and that there the public will
look with very great interest to learn that a par-
ticular individual furnished "four pieces of red
tape?" it is this abuse, perpetrated in printing
volumes of this useless detail for distribution, that
I wish to correct. It is a waste of the public
money that we should avoid. All this minute-
ness is proper in a report to Congress; but out.of
place when it is sent to the general reader.
A sufficient number of the documents at large
can be published for all the purposes to which the
Senator alludes. If there is any such thing as
correcting abuses by publishing these reports, the
ordinary number will answer that purpose. But
these documents are multiplying upon us every
year. I have already alluded to the five volumes
which have been submitted to Congress at this
Session, in addition to which w%are to have two
more in the report of the Commissioner of Pat-
ents, and there will be several others in the course
of the session. "We are all sensible of the.great
inconvenience arising from the fact that the valu-
able information in the public documents is scat-
tered through stf many volumes, and it is to furnish
a book remedying this inconvenience that I urge
the compendium to be made. I hope the honor-
able Senator from New Hampshire will withdraw
his opposition.
Mr. HALE. In the various debates which
take place in the Senate, it is the part of those who
address us, if they see any difficulty which can
be removed, to suggest the mode by which it can
be done; but I think it is captious and unkind to
suggest a difficulty which cannot be removed by
anything short of infinite power. The Senator
from Maine [Mr. Bradbury] says, that my diffi-
culty is, that I do not understand. Now, that
cannot be helped; understanding is a matter that
is given to us by other powers, and if we have not
got understanding enough to enable us to compre-
hend a subject, it is rather hard to twit us of it
here.
But the Senator is mistaken on another point.
He says that I have always opposed his prop-
ositions. I thought I had always agreed with
him. 1 was with him on the subject of the French
spoliations.*-! was with him in the call that he
made on General Taylor's administration to know
why so many removals from office were made;
and I have stuck by that from that day to this;
and 1 hope it will be taken up again at this ses-
sion. It is very rare indeed that I have differed
with the Senator from Maine, and when I have,
I have done it with great pain and great diffidence.
But I had the misfortune to differ with him the
other day, and he told me then that the same dif-
ficulty existed—that I did not understand the
matter; but afterwards he deserted his under -
i standing and came over to my misunderstanding.
I think such an act as that should make him a
little cautious, and teach him that understanding
is not always to the wise, but that it is sometimes
found with the simple.
With regard to this compendium, i think it is
liable to another objection, and a very alarming
one, and that is this: it is throwing a tremendous
power jmo the hands of the President. The I^es-
ldent is the administrator of patronage to the
amount of $50,000,000, as the Senator from North
Carolina [Mr. Badger] said the other day; and
besides that, I think it will be conceded that the
two platforms which have been adopted, make
him head constable to catch runaway niggers, and
that is about the whole of it. [Laughter.] His
doings within the year are to be put in the public
documents, and the Senator from Maine [Mr.
Bradbury] has argued that it makes a very large
book. The President, in looking it over, may
find some descriptions which he thinks ought not
to go out to the country—possibly something
connected with the administration of the fugitive
slave law—and he tells the maker of the compend-
ium it is useless to put that in, and to leave it
out. Or there may be some matters which it is
not convenient to let the country understand, and
he will say to the committee, " I think it is en-
tirely useless," like the fox when he smelt the
lion's bieath, he will have a bad cold, and wont
smell anything there, and omit it altogether. This
compendium is one that would omit the most im-
portant matter, and that which would be most
read. Then the power of saying what shall be
put in it will be a very great power, which shall
tell the people what they shall know about what
has been going on. I think the Senator is mis-
taken when he attributes a want of importance to
the views which I suggest. The observations
which I made I think are true, that contracts with
regard to supplies, and oilers for furnishing them,
are important, as they are the great means by
which corrupt appliances are brought to bear, and
by which favoritism rewards its favorites. I think
the Senator from Maryland [Mr. Pearce] could
not illustrate the policy of the past Administration
without bringing into the discussion, and promi-
nently before the country, the doings of the Ad-
ministration in regard to the supplies furnished in
the matter of cheese. The quantity of cheese fur-
nished formed no inconsiderable part of the dis-
cussion, and constituted no small portion of the
supplemental speech of the Senator from Mary-
I land afterwards.
[ Now, it is in no captious spirit, and with no
1 desire to differ with the Senator from Maine, that
i I have opposed this resolution; and I do not know
i by what unfortunate accident I may have given
i rise to any such suspicion in his mind. I can
! assure him, with the most entiie sincerity, there
1 is nothing in it. It is from no desire of putting
■ myself against that Senator, or of setting myself
< up against him, that I have taken the course which
1 I nave. I know my own powers too well. If I
j am not deeply versed in self-knowledge, if I had
1 merely read its primer, I should know what an
| act of temerity and danger it would be to put my-
i self in such a position m relation to him as the
! Senator has assumed. Sir, I might say, if it
1 would be proper "> indulge m a classical allusion,
in such a case, non nostrum—it does not belong
to me; I will not finish the quotation. I think
; this proposition to amend, if it can be called an
\ amendment, is a dnngerousone—that it is unsafe,
j If it have any practical effect, it will be a bad
effect; it will throw power into the hands of the
Administration, by which their acts may be cov-
ered up and concealed. For that reason 1 am op-
posed to it. If the documents are worth publish-
ing at all, let us have that portion which is most
valuable published; and do not let us give this
dangerous power of making a compendium to
any Administration. Let us take the whole or
none, and let the people read whatever they
pJease, and see what is its object.
Mr. BRADBURY. The objection which the
Senator from New Hampshire [Mr. Hale] now
urges, that the preparation of the compendium
will throw power into the hands of the President,
is, 1 think, sufficiently answered by the fact that
the President is only called upon to prepare the
compendium, and submit it, with the documents
atlaige. Congress will then have the power ojf
examining that compendium through its commit-
tees, and of publishing, or of omitting to publish,
as it may see fit. If the compendium shall be
what we have reason to expect it will be, then it
will be published. .If it should contain a one-
sided statement; if facts are omitted which should
be incorporated, Congress can then make such
corrections as may seem to be necessary. The
power of correction will be at hand; and 1 appre-
hend that the only mode by which we can obtain
a selection of the important portions of the docu-
ments, is that which I have suggested. There
would be a difficulty in preparing a eompendiur/i
through a committee of Congress; there would be
j a want of time; while a committee could, very
readily, by examining that which had been pre-
pared, ascertain its character, and remedy defects*
if any were found to exist.
The honorable Senator seems to fear that the
preparation of this compendium might lead to a
concealment of the acts of an Administration, and
we should be unprovided with the means of ascer-
taining what contracts had been made, and what
frauds, if any, had been perpetrated. Allow me
. to remind him that vte should have the means of
j judging, as we should have the documents m ex-
lenso, and all we propose is to provide a substitute
for the extra numbers, and a convenient book of
reference, for the purpose of obtaining information
constantly wanted.
I was very far from intending to say anything
unffind of the honorable Senator from New Hamp-
shire, [Mr. Hale,] in the remarks which I made. I
know that he comprehends a subject very readily,
and hence, enters into the discussion without any
great deliberation; and I supposed that he had not
noticed the fact that it was proposed to publish the
documents at large as well as the compendium.
I think that, on reflection, there will be but one
opinion on this subject, and that the proposition
will be looked on as designed to effect a desirable
and important improvement.
Mr. BORLAND. I have thought a good deal
of the inconvenience which the honorable Senator
from Maine has suggested in offering this meas-
ure, and I think he is#ight in the desire-whieh he
manifests for the correction of these evils. I think
they ought to be corrected; but with great respect
for bis opinion upon the subject, and the attention
which I know he has given to it, I think he has
not presented just such a measure as is necessary
and proper to correct this evil. Though not now
a member of the Committee on Printing, I served
long enough on that committee to know something
of the difficulties which that Senator suggests. _ I
have found, upon a service of three years as chair-
man of that committee, that it is nearly impossi-
ble, if not absolutely so, to have the public printing,
especially the printing of the public documents
which come from the Executive, executed within
a time when they will be of any use to either
House of Congress, under the present system.
Sir, there is not a Senator upon this floor that I
know of, who has yet received the President's mes-
sage, or any of the documents from the Depart-
ments, and yet the session of Congress is drawing
to a close, and we have had nothing from the De-
partments on which to base our legislation. Seven
months of the session are gone, and yet, if any
member has received a copy of any of these doc-
uments, he has been more fortunate than I have.
This is an evil that ought to be corrected—that is,
if it is desirable to have these documents as the
basis of our legislation. We cannot know what
has been the action of the Government; we cannot
have the facts which have been developed m the
