1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
699
The question was then taken upon adopting the
amendment by way of a substitute for the bill;
and it was agreed to.
The question was then taken upon ordering the
amendment to be engrossed and the bill to be read
a third time-, and it was agreed to.
The bill was then read the third time, and the
question now being, " Shall the bill pass?"—
Mr. PHELPS demanded the previous question.
Mr. MEAGHAM. I wish to understand the
form of the hill as it is now amended.
The SPEAXCER. The bill will be i*ead for the
information of the House.
The bill was then read through by the Clerk—
being the substitute of Mr. Marshall, as pub-
lished in a preceding column.
The call for the previous question was seconded,
and the main question ordered to be put.
Mr. oOODENOW demanded the yeas and
nays upon the passage of the bill; which were not
ordered.
The bill was then read a third time and passed.
Mr. PIIELPS moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed, and to lay the motion
to reconsider upon the table; which latter motion
was agreed to.
BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. THOMPSON. I offer the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That this day be appropriated, to the exclu-
sion ot all other business, to the call of Stales, beginning
with the State of Maine, for re>olutions and bills of which
previous notice has been given, and upon which no debate
shall be allowed.
Mr. ORR objected.
Mr. THOMPSON moved a suspension of the
rules for the purpose of enabling him to introduce
the resolution just indicated.
The question was then taken—there being upon
a division—ayes 80, noes 42.
Mr. FOWLER called for tellers, which were
ordered.
Mr. CARTTER. I wish to inquire whether
the order proposed for calling the States in that
resolution begins with the State last called, or goes
back to the first?
The SPEAKER. It proposes to commence
with the State of Maine.
Mr. DISNEY. I wish to be informed what
State will be called, if we proceed to the regular
order of business?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is informed by
the Clerk that South Carolina was last called.
Mr. DISNEY. How many States had been
called up to that time?
The SPEAKER. '
for himself.
Mr. BRENTON.
to this question 
The SPEAKER.
Mr. BRENTON
The gentleman can count
I desire to say, in reference
It is not debatable.
  I do not wish to, but merely
to present a question of order, and it is this:
Whether this resolution does not suspend the
standing rules of the House?
The SPEAKER. Certainly, if adopted.
Mr. BRENTON. It is provided that no
amendment to the rules shall be introduced without !
one day's previous notice being given.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will remem-
ber that by a special rule of the body, it is in
order to move to suspend the rules of the House for
particular purposes on Mondays, and only then.
The Chair thinks that there can be no question in
regard to the legitimacy of the resolution pro-
posed. .
Mr. BRENTON". Another point is, that the
resolution provides that the Speaker shall com-
mence with the State of Maine, whereas the rule
requires that he shall commence where he left off
at the last call.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state, for the
information ot the House and the gentleman, that
if this resolution be adopted, it will, in his opin-
ion, exclude the motion to supend the rules for
this day, and this order of the House will be ex-
ecuted to the exclusion of all other business, which
is the calling of the States for resolutions and for
bills of which previous notice had been <pven,and
upon which the House must decide without de-
bate. That is the elfect of the resolution.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Then, as I
understand, if this resolution is adopted, it com-
mencing with Maine, allows every member to in-
troduce his resolution and his bill without discus-
sion or any further trouble. Thus States can get
in their resolutions and bills.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I wish to make
an inquiry, if the Chair will answer, and I can get
it in no other way: Whether, since the com-
mencement of this Congress, the States have ever
been called through?
The SPEAKER. They have not been.
Mr. JOHNSON. Thus we go back always to
the beginning, and some States never will be
called. It is not right.
Mr. KING, of New York, demanded the^eas
and nays.
Mr. ORR. Is it in order to move that the rules
be suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that it is
not, while the motion is pending to suspend the
rules—this being Monday, and that motion being
in order. But the Chair further states that it
would be in order to move to go into the Commit-
tee if there was not already pending a motion to
suspend the rules for a different purpose.
The yeas and nays were then ordered.
Mr. FLORENCE. If this motion is voted
down, will it not be in order to call the States for
resolutions, beginning at where the Speaker left
off on the last day?
The SPEAKER. That will be the effect.
The question was then taken upon the suspen-
sion of the rules, and decided in the negative—
yeas 56, nays 121; as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Willis Allen, John Applcton, William
Appleton, Thomas H. Bavly, Beale, Bell, Bennett, Bissell,
Breckinridge, Albert G. Biown, Busby, Chandler, Cobb,
John G. Davis, Dawson, Dockery, Edinundson, Faulkner,
Fitch, Florence. Thomas J. I>. Fuller, Gamble, Gentry,
Gorman, Ilall, Hamilton, Hendricks, Houston, Howaid,
Thomas M. Howe, fnger&oll, Andrew Johm-on, Lockhart,
Mace, Humphrey Maishall, Mason, McCorkle, McDonald,
McMulhn, MeNaii, Andrew Parker, i'enn, Poitei, Price,
Robbms, Schermerhorn, Skelton, Smith, Stanly, Thaddeus
Stevens, Stone, St. Martin, Stuart, Taylor, George W.
Thompson, and Walsh—56.
NAYS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Allison, Averett, Bab-
cock, Barrere, Baitlett, J. H. Boyd, Brag?, Brenton, Briggs,
Biooks, G. H. Brown, Buell, Buriows, E. C. Cabell, Jo-
seph Cable, L. D. Campbell, Thompson Campbell,Carrier,
Caskie, Chapman, Chastain, Churchwell, Clark, Cleve-
land, Clinginan, Colcock, Conger, Cottman,Cullom, Curtis,
G. T. Davis, Ihmmick, Disney, Doty, Durkee, Edjrerton,
Evans, Swing, Fieklin, Floyd, Fowler, Freeman, H. M.
Fuller, Gaylord, Giddmgs Gilmore, Goodenow, Green,
Grey, Harper, Sampson \V. Hams, Hascall, Haven, He-
bard, Ilenn. Hibbard, HoHaday, Ilnrsford,Thomas Y. How,
Ives, Jackson, Jenkins James Johnson, John Johnson,
Robert W. Johnson, Darnel T. Jones, J. Glancy Jones,
George G. King, Preston King, Kuhn«, Kurtz,, Landry, Ed-
ward C. Marshall, McLanahan, McQueen, M each am, Mil-
ler, Molonv, Heniy D. Moore, John Mooie, Morehead,
Morrison, Murray, Nabers, Newton, Olds, Orr, Outlaw,
Samuel W. Parker, Peasleo, Penniman, Peikins, Phelps,
Rantoul, Riddle, Sackett, Savage, Schoolcraft, Schoon-
maker, Scudder, Scurry, Smart, Beuj. Stanton, Richard
H. Stanton, Abr'm P. Stevens, Stnitton, Benjamin Thomp-
son, Thurston, Townshend, Wallace, Ward, Washburn,
Watkins, Wells, Addison White, Alexander White, Wil-
cox, Wildrick, Woodward, and Yates—-121.
So the rules werenotsuspended—two thirds not
voting therefor.
SALES OF SCHOOL LANDS.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill, of which previous no-
tice had been given, authorizing the Legislature of
,j the State of Mississippi to sell the lands hereto-
!! fore appropriated for the use of schools in that
1 State, and to ratify and approve the sales already
made.
It was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. HALL. I move that the rules be suspend-
ed, and that the House resolve itself into Commit-
tee of the Whole on thesWe of the Union.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask the gentleman from
Missouri whether he will not yield the floor until
I can make a motion to postpone for a day or two,
or indefinitely, the special order that is now up
for discussion before the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, for the purpose of
taking up the deficiency bill?
Mr. HALL. I will not yield to any such prop-
osition as that. I think this bill is a matter of
,1 more importance than the deficiency bill, a great
l deal.
The question was then taken, and the motion
was agreed to.
[A message was then received from the Senate
at the hands of Asbury Dickens, Esq., their Sec-
retary.]
HOMESTEADS.
The House accordingly resolved itselfinto Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Hibbard in the chair,) and resumed the
consideration of the special order, being1 House
bill No. 7, for the encouragement "of agriculture,
commerce, manufactures, and other branches of
industry, by granting to every man, &c., one
hundred and sixty acres of land.
Tht CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Indi-
ana [Mr. Fitch] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. FITCH said, that if, upon examining the
bill under consideration, he should find it suffi-
ciently guarded to prevent frauds, his vote would
be cast m its favor.
He then proceeded to review the various sub-
jects referred to in the President's message, and
said that in so doing he should not attempt or wish
to intimate any charge against the President, or
anything against his character as a citizen or a
man, neither would he charge him with corruption.
He respected Mr. Fillmore as a man and an officer,
but considered many of his acts and recommend-
ations as the result of erroneous opinions and of
a policy injurious to the public.
He then alluded to our foreign policy, as set
forth in the message, and thought that the Presi-
dent correctly adhered to the doctrine of non-in-
tervention. He, however, condemned the course
pursued by the Administration in relation to the
invasion of Cuba, and censured the President for
his outlawry proclamation, which withdrew all
protection in advance. There could be no doubt
that had the President insisted that all of the citi-
zens who wereembaiked in that enterprise who
might be captured should have a fair trial, such as
existing treaties entitled them to, and many lives
and much suffering might have been avoided.
Great Britain was never known to abandon her
citizens, but always insisted upon the fulfillment
of treaty stipulations, and it was because that
country did protect the lives and rights of her
citizens that her flag was so universally respected.
He did not justify the invasion of Cuba, but de-
sired to see It defeated.
He next reviewed that part of the message re-
lating to our domestic policy, and said that to that
portion of it which related to the compromise he
took no exception. It breathed a spirit which
offered every desirable assurance of domestic tran-
quillity and the perpetuity of our Government.
The compromise having been passed, surely no
right-minded citizen could desire to see reproduced
all that excitement which accompanied its discus-
sion and the questions connected with it. The
Democrats of the North had everywhere, through
their press, their conventions, their candidates,
(State and Presidential,) with exceptions so few
and far between as to be insignificant, not only
evinced their willingness to abide by the compro-
mise, but declared their intention to sustain it.
But how was it with the Whigs? Some opposed
the compromise, and others lent it but a lukewarm
support.
Mr. F. then referred to that portion of the
message which relates to the tariff and finances,
and said that the President made no urgent appeal
for a modification of the tariff, for he looked to
little else than a change of duties from ad valorem
to specific. When it was taken into considera-
tion that this lukewarm recommendation came
from a man who was the principal advocate of
the tariff of 1842, it spoke volumes for the tariff
of 1846. It might well be questioned whether the
President's views had not undergone a change, for
he evinced too much good sense in other matters
still to hold the antiquated tariff opinions of that
period.
In reference to the finances, they appeared to
; be in a very prosperous condition, and the predic-
tions of the Whigs of deficiencies under the pres-
' ent tariff were cfassed among the predictions of
,I the prophet Baal. He then referred to the esti-
|i mates of deficiencies made by the Secretaries un-
i der the administration of General Taylor and Mr.
! Fillmore, and said that instead of deficiencies sur-
'■ pluses have always occurred. He contrasted the
| views of Mr. Corwin on the tariff, and spoke of
; the large expenditures of the present Adminis-
' tration, declaring that it sought to cast its own
' pecuniary malfeasance upon the precedingAdmm-
istration.
[See Appendix for Mr. Fitch's speech.]
ii Mr. WILCOX next obtained the floor.
