1612
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 24,
annual administration of theGovernment before us
ii such a way as to legislate understandmgly upon
a'l these measures. Who can tell now what is the
c >ndition of the Government, or what legislation
is necessary to carry on the Government? We-
do not know what amount of money has been
c jllecled as revenue, or the source from which it
his been collected, or the proportion in which the
different sources have paid it in; nor do we know
how much it has cost to administer the Govern-
ment. 1 have sought to ascertain this with a
gjod deal of care, and the documents are not to
ba had. They have been furnished to us, it is
true, but they are in the hands of the printer in
manuscript,and three fourths of the session have
now passed, and it is impossible to derive any-
thing like accurate knowledge of it. The course
which has been adopted by some of the States to
remedy evils of this sort has been, to some extent,
similar to the one suggested by the Senator from
Maine, namely, to require the Executive to have
theae documents printed and laid upon our tables
at the beginning of the session. I do not see any
other way in which the evils I have been speak-
ing of can be remedied. It v/ill not do to wait till
the beginning of the session to have this large
mass of documents brought here, and then to
have to wait till the end of the session before they
can be brought before us in a printed form, so that
we can all become acquainted with their contents.
If we desire to have these documents at all, we
must have them in a tangible shape at the be-
ginning of the session, which can only be done by
the Executive having them printed and brought
to us. The Senator from Maine proposes that
this should lie done, yet not fully; for he proposes
that the President, instead of sending these whole
documents to us, should make an abstract 
Mr. BRADBURY. The abstract is not pro-
posed with the view of taking the place of the
whole. The President will send the whole docu-
ment; but in the mean time he will make an ab-
Mr. BORLAND. 1 understand.
Mr. BRADBURY. I shall make it a distinct
proposition that all these documents be printed
and laid upon our tables when Congress comes
together.
Mr. BORLAND. I did not understand the
Senator from Maine [Mr. Bradbury] to mean
that the President should not send in all the docu-
ments; but I understood his proposition to be,
that he should make this abstract, and have it
printed, but that the documents, in extenso, should
be sent to us in manuscript, as they are sent now,
and that we should wait until they can be printed
by the public printer before we can have them in
that form. Now, simply,if we are required to take
an abstract which the President and the Depart-
ments may send us as the basis of our legislation
there is no necessity for having anything more.
The mere abstract, the mere figures, wiil not be
sufficient for that purpose; we require an explana-
tion, and that explanationftcan only be given by
the reports of the heads of Departments, together
with such explanations as the President himself
may make. If the information furnished by the
heads of Departments is to be of any service at
all, as the basis of legislation, it must come inex-
tenso, m the manner in which heads of Depart-
ments feel it their duty to present to Congress a
fair understanding of the subject. If, afterwards,
they should see fit to go to the expense of printing
those five large volumes of which the Senator from
Maine has spoken, or, if we should deem it proper
and expedient to reduce the size of that work to
one small volume, certainly the proper manner to
do it will be to refer each particular subject to the
appropriate committee, and let that committee de-
cide on what is important and valuable for preser-
vation, or distribution among the people. To act
understanding^ on the subjects communicated to
us we must have the figures before us, the expla-
nation of the figures, together with the views of
the Government, and the reasons which have con-
trolled it in pursuing a certain course, and what
they consider sufficient, or otherwise. We require
this to enable us to arrive at a proper understand-
ing of the subject, and control our own action in
regard to it.
I do not propose to offer any amendment to the
proposition now before the Senate; hut I would
suggest to the Senator from Maine to allow it to
lie over, or to go to some committee, or to take
some other step by which it can be modified, s<|
that Senators may have an opportunity to express
their views in regard to it, and thus remedy the
.evil complained of. I know no committee to which
it can be more appropriately referred than the
Committee on Printing, and therefore move that
it be so referred.
Mr. MANGUM. I hope that tMs resolution
will not pass the Senate. It would be an innova-
tion which has never taken place at all, or any-
thing approaching to it, in the history of the Gov-
ernment. Sir, you might as well call upon the
President to give a compendium of his Executive
message, as to give a compendious account of the
accompanying documents. Whether for the truth
of history, or the enlightening of members called
upon to legislate, it is indispensable that we should
have the whole amount of information thus con-
veyed. If you confer upon the President the
power of giving us a mere compendious account
of the proceedings of the year, it may be a one-
sided affair; it may be drawn up to suit any pur-
pose, anything, or anything else than to convey
the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the
truth. 1 hope this innovation will not be adopted.
It is true, sir, that I have seen annual messages
that have come here, that might have been referred
to a committee, and abbreviated without much loss
of matter; yet, it is to be presumed that the Ex-
ecutive officers send nothing accompanying the
Presidents message but what, in their opinion,is
necessary to give such information as will enable
us to legislate. And, sir, with the view of testing
the opinion of the Senate on this question, I move
to lay the resolution on the table, and on that
motion 1 ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and being
taken, resulted—yeas 14, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bailger, Dell, fiiooke, Clarke, Davis,
Dawson, Felcb, Foot, Hale, Mangum, Miller, Morton,
Norns, and Wade—14.
NAYS—Messis. Adam-, Atchison, Holland, Bradbury,
Brodhoad, Cass, Charlton, Clemens, De Saussure, Dod^e
of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Houston, Jone  of Iowa,
Mallory, Pratt, Sebastian, Smith, Sumner, Toueey, Unham,
and Walker—21.
Mr. BORLAND. I now renew my motion to
refer the resolution to the Committee on Print-
ing.
Mr. BRADBURY. I hope that motion may
prevail.
The motion was agreed to.
DONATIONS OF LANDS IN ARKANSAS.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I move that the Senate
take up for consideration the bill to revive for a
limited time an act in relation to donations of land
to certain persons in the State of Arkansas.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the bill as in Committee of the
Whole.
It provides that all claims to donations of land
in tiie State of Arkansas, which have been adju-
dicated and allowed by the register and receiver
of the proper land district, in virtue of the provis-
ions of the eighth section of the act of Congress
approved on the 24th of Meiy, 182-ii, entitled1""An
' act to aid the State of Ohio in extending the Mi-
' ami canal from Dayton to Lake Erie, and to grant
' a quantity of land to said State, to aid in the con-
' struction of canals authorized by law, and for
' making donations of land to certain persons in
' Arkansas Territory," and which have not been
located and patent certificates issued therefor, or
which, having been so located, were compelled to
yield to other and prior rights, either in whole or
m part, and not subsequently relocated within the
period fixed by law, may be entered with the
register of any one of the land offices in the State
of Arkansas at any time within two years from
the passage of this act, in the same manner and
under the same restrictions and conditions as ex-
isted prior to the 24th day of May, 1838, and as
continued in the act revived hereby: provided,
that no such claim shall be so located against
which fraud has been or may be alleged, until all
objection thereto shall have been removed to the
satisfaction of the Commissioner of the General
Land Office.
There being no amendment offered, the bill was
reported to the-Senate, and ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading.
And then, on motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. -
Thursday, Jvme 24, 1852.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Rev. Littleton P. Morgan.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the consideration of House bill No. 280, making
grants of land to the several States for educational
and railroad purposes.
ALEXANDER P. FIELD.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. Before proceed-
ing to the execution of the business of the morn-
ing hour, I ask the unanimous consent of the
House to allow the Committee on the Judiciary
to report a joint resolution from the Senate. I
will state to the House that the passage of this
resolution is a matter of great importance to a
very worthy man, and unless passed now, it will
be of no avail to him.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I object, if it is to come
out of the morning hour.
The SPEAKER., The gentleman proposes to
consider it before the House proceeds to the exe-
cution of the morning hour.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Let it be read for informa-
tion.
It was read, as follows:
Resolved, #c., That the proper accounting officers Of the
Tieasuiy Depaitinent be authorized and directed to settle
the accounts of Alexander P. Field, late Secretary of Wis-
consin Temtory, upon principles of justice and equity.
Mr. HARRIS. There is an amendment from
the Judiciary Committee which I now ask to have
read.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I am fearful it will con-
sume too much time. I object to its reception.
Mr. HARRIS. I appeal to the gentleman to
allow the amendment to be read. Itwill not take
two minutes to pass the resolution, and it is very
important that it should be passed now, if at all.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I will withdraw my ob-
jection.
The amendment, which specified the items to be
allowed, was then read.
Mr. DANIEL. I object.
Mr. HARRIS. If the gentleman, and the
House, will allow me, I will state the fact, that a
suit is pending against the sureties of this secre-
tary. The court comes on early in the next
month. It is very clear that the party is entitled
to the credits provided for in this resolution. I
hope gentlemen will withdraw all objection, and
allow the resolution to pass.
Mr. DANIEL. I do not withdraw my objec-
tion.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I call for the regular order
of business.
Mr. LOCKHART, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented resolutions of the Legislature of the State
of Indiana, in relation to declaring the bridge over
the Ohio river at Wheeling, Virginia, a post route;
which were laid on the table and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. FOWLER, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented resolutions of the Legislature of the State
of Massachusetts, concerning the Massachusetts
militia claim; which were referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, and ordered to, be printed.
Also, resolutions of the Legislature of the State
of Massachusetts, in relation to National Inter-
vention ; which were laid on the table and ordered
to be printed.
ARSON IN" THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA. *
Mr. McLANAHAN. I am certain the House
will give its unanimous consent to receive and
pass the bill which I now ask leave to report from
the Committee on the Judiciary. It is to prevent
the crime of arson and for its punishment in the
District of Columbia. It came from the Senate,
with an amendment, and the amendment is a very
proper one. It has been examined by the District
Attorney of this District, and by the Committee
on the Judiciary in the Senate, as well as that of
the House. I ask the House, in view of the de-
vastations which nightly occur in this city, in con-
sequence of incendiaries, to take this bill up and
pass it.
[Cries of'' Agreed
A Member. Do not take it out of the morning
hour.
Mr. McLANAHAN. I move to take up and
dispose of this bill before we proceed to the exe-
cution of the special order for the morning hour.
There was no objection.
