2478
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 30,
zling, or obtaining by any false pretense, or shall knowingly
and unlawfully make, torge, or counterfeit, or cause to be
unlawfully made, forged, or counterfeited, or knowingly aid
orassist in falsely and unlawfully making, forging, or coun-
terfeiting any key suited to any lock which has been or
shall be adopted for use by the Post Office Department of
the Umt€3 States, and which shall be in use on any of the
mails or mail-bags of the said Post Office Department, or
shall have in his possession any such mail key or any such
mail lock, with the intent unlawfully or improperly to use,
sell, or otherwise dispose of the same, or to cause the
same to be unlawfully or improperly used, sold, or other-
wise disposed of, or who, being employed in the manufac-
ture of the locks or keys for the use of the sard Post Office
Department, whether as contractor or otherwise, shall de-
liver or cause to be delivered any finished or unfinished
key or lock used or designed for use by the said Post Office
Department, or the interior part of any such mail lock, to
any person not duly authorized under the hand of the Post-
master General of the United States and the seal of the
said Post Office Department to receive the same, (unless
such person so receiving the same shall be the contractor
for furnishing such locks and keys, or engaged m the manu-
facture thereof in the manner authorized by the contract,
or the agent for such manufacturer,) such person so offend-
lug shall be deemed guilty of felony, and on conviction
thereof shall be imprisoned for a period not exceeding ten
years.'*
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment, and it was agreed to.
The 41st amendment of the Senate was read, as
follows:
" Sec. 4. Jind be it further enacted, That if any person
shall steal, puiloin, or embezzle, any mail bags in use by or
belonging to the Post Office Department of the United
States, of any other property in use by or belonging to the
said Post Office Department, or shall, lor any lucre, gain, or
convenience, appropriate any such property to his own, or
any other than its proper use, or for any lucre or gain shall
convey away any such property to the hinderance or detri-
ment of the public service of the United States, the person
so offending, his counsellors, aiders, and abettors (knowing
of and privy to any offense aforesaid) shall, on conviction
thereof, if the value of such property shall exeeed twenty-
five dollars, be deemed guilty of felony, and shall be im-
prisoned tor a period not exceeding three years;  r if the
value of such property shall be less than twenty-five dol-
lars, shall be imprisoned not more than one year, or be fined
not less than ten dollars nor more than two hundred dollars
for every such ofienae."
Mr. CARTTER. Is there a motion to non-
concur pending?
The SPEAKER. There is no such motion.
Mr. WALSH. Will it be in order to refer
such portions of the amendments as make a change
in the criminal code to the Judiciary?
The SPEAKER. The amendment is a whole,
and cannot be divided.
Mr. STEVENS. We have already voted in
one section of the character the gentleman from
Maryland alludes to.
Mr. HART demanded tellers; which were or-
dered; and Messrs. Goodenow and Hall were
appointed.
The question was then taken, and there were—
ayes 90, noes 31.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MEADE. I move to reconsider the vote
by which those two amendments were passed,
because they tend towards a revisal of our whole
code.
Mr. STUART. I call the gentleman to order.
Mr. MEADE. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the amendments were adopted, with a
view of rejecting the whole en masse.
Mr. STUART. The gentleman did not vote
in the affirmative, as I understood it, and he has
no right to make the motion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is not presumed
to know how the gentleman votes, unless he de-
clares it himself.
Mr. HALL. I move to motion to re-
consider upon the table.
The question was then taken, and it was agreed
to.
So the motion to reconsider was laid upon the
table.
[Mr. McMTJLLIN. If I have the right, I
would move to reconsider the vote upon the
amendments to the civil and diplomatic bill.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will have a
right to do so when he gets the floor.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Did the gentleman
vote either way ?
Mr. McMULLIN. My name is not recorded
either way.
Mr. GORMAN. 1 desire to have published a
report lying upon the Clerk's desk from the Re-
gents of the Smithsonian Institution. Ithas been
lying upon your tables, but has not been ordered
to be printed.
The SPEAKER. It can be done only by unan-
imous consent.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. They ought
to print their own report.]
The 42d amendment of the Senate to the post
route bill was then read, as follows:
Sec. 5. Jlnd be it further enacted, That no collector or
other officer of the customs shall permit any ship or vessel,
arriving within any port or collection district of the United
States, to make entry or break bulk until all letters on board
the same Khali be delivered into the post office at or nearest
said port or place, nor until the captain or commander of
such ship or vessel shall have signed and sworn to a declara-
tion before such collector or officer of customs, m the form
and to the effect following; that is to say:
" 1, A C, commandcr of the (state the name of the ship
or vessel,) arriving from t,state the place,) and now lying
in the port of (state the name of the port,) do, as required
by law, solemnly swear (or affirm as the case may be) that
I have, to the best of my knowledge or belief, delivered
or cause to be delivered into the post office at or nearest
said port, every letter and every bag, parcel, or package of
letters that weie on board the (state the name of the ship
or vessel) during her last voyage, and that I have so deliv-
ered or caused to be delivered all such letters, bags, parcels,
and packages as were in my possession or under my power
or control."
And the collector, and every officer of the customs at
every port, without special instructions, and every special
agent of the Post Office Department, when instructed by
the Postmaster General to make examinations and seizures,
shall carefully search every vessel for letters which may be
on board, or have been carried or transported contrary to
law; arid each and every of such officers and agents, and
every marshal of the United States and his deputies, shall
at all times have power to seize all letters, and packages
and parcels containing letters, which shall have been sent
or conveyed contrary to law on board any ship or vessel, or
on or over any post route of the Qmted States, and to con-
vey such letters to the nearest post office; or may, if the
Postmaster General and the Secretary of the Treasury shall
so direct, detain the said letters, or any part thereof, until
two months after the trial and final determination of all
suits and proceedings which may at any time, within six
months after seizure, be brought against any person for
sending, or carrying, or transporting any such letters con-
trary to any provision of any act of Congress; and one
half of any penalties that may be recovered for the illegal
sending, carrying, or transportation of any such letters shall
be paid to the officers so seizing, and the other half to the
use of the Post Office Department; and every package or
parcel so seized, in which any letter shall be concealed,
shall be forfeited to the United States, and the same pro-
ceedings may be had to enforce such forfeiture as are au-
thorized in respect to goods, wares, and merchandise for-
feited by reason of any violation of the revenue laws of the
United States; and all laws for the benefit and protection
of officers of the customs seizing goods, wares, or merchan-
dise for a violation of any revenue law of the United States,
shall apply to the officers and agents making seizures by
virtue of this act.
Mr. BROOKS. That is an important proposi-
tion, and I ask for the yeas and nays upon it.
Mr. BOYD. I call for tellers on the yeas and
nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Phelps and
Goodenow were appointed.
The House was divided, and the tellers reported
31 in the affirmative.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken upon agreeing to
the amendment, and it was decided in the nega-
tive—yeas 43, nays 96; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Averett, E. Carrington Cabell, Cald-
well, Clark, Clmgman, Daniel, Dawson, Dimmick, Dock-
ery, Doty, Duncan, Dunham, Evans, Faulkner, Freeman,
Gaylord. Gorman, Grey, Hall, Hammond, Harper, Samp-
son W. Harris, Haven, Henn, Houston, Howard, Jenkins,
George W. Jones?, Letcher, Martin, Mason, MoNair, John
Moore, Morehead, Murray, Newton, Phelps, Robbins,
Schermerhorn, Schoolcraft, Schoonmaker, Scurry, Stanly,
Frederick P. Stanton, and Stuau—43.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Charles Allen, Willi* Allen,
Allison, William Appleton, Ashe, Babcock, Barrere, Bib-
ighaus, Bowie, Bowne, John H. Boyd, Bragg, Brenton,
Brigsis, Brooks, Buell, Burrows, Joseph Cable, Thompson
Campbell, C'aitter, Ca*kie, Chandlei, Chaplain, Church-
well, Cleveland, Cobb, Colcock, George T. Davis, Dean,
Eastman, Edgerton, Florence, Floyd, Fowler, Gamble,
Gilmore, Goodenow, Green, Hamilton, Ifart, Flaws, Hen-
dricks, Holladay, Horsford, John W. Howe, Thomas Y.
How, Jngersoll, Ives, Jackson, Andrew Johnson, Daniel
T. Jones, George G. King, Pre&ton King, Ruling Kurtz,
Landry, Lockhart, McCorkle, MeMulhn, Mctiueen,
Meade, Millson, Henry D. Moore, Morrison, Murphy, An-
drew Parker, Samuel W, Parker, Peaslee, Peunimau, Per-
kins, Polk, Powell, Robie, David L. Seymour, Skelton,
Benjamin Stanton, Abraham P. Stephens, Thaddous Ste-
vens, Sutherland, Sweetser, Tayloi, Thompson, Thurston,
Townshend, Tuck, Walbndge, Wallace, Walsh, Wash-
burn, Watkms, Wells, Addison White, Wilcox, Wilduek,
and Woodward—96.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The 43d amendment of the Senate was read, as
follows:
Sec. 6. Jlnd be it further enacted, That it "hall not be
lawful for any person, other than the captain or commander
of such ship or vessel, to carry or fansp ri any letter or
packet, or parcel containing letters, on b->ard ol .itiy ship or
vessel which shall sail fr,m or be bound to any port or place
in the United States, at or within three milt's of which
there shall be any post office of the United States; and all j
passengers and other persons on hoard such ship or vessel
shall deliver all letters, and packages and parcels contain-
ing letter or letters, to such captain or commander, as soon
as practicable after the receipt thereof, or after their arrival
on board such ship or vessel; and for every violation of this
provision a penalty of one hundred dollars is hereby im-
posed, to be recovered by presentment, by information or
qui tam action, one half forthe use of the informer,and one
half for the use of the Post Office Department. And it shall
be the duty of such captain or commander, within twenty-
four hours after his ai rival at any port of the United States,
within three miles of which there shall he a post office, to
deliver all letters, and packages and parcels containing It-t-
iers, in his cu-tody, power or control, into the post office at
or nearest said port; and every such captain or commander
who shall refuse or willfully neglect to deliver the same, as
aforesaid, shall forfeit the sum of five hundred dollars, and
he shall also forfeit double the amount of postage which
would have been chargeable on such letters if so delivered
as aforesaid, either or both of which may be recovered iri
any court having cognizance thereof, one half of which
shall be tor the use of the party prosecuting for the same,
and the other half for the use of the Post Office Depart-
ment.
The question was taken on the amendment, and
it was not agreed to.
The 44th amendment of the Senate was read, as
follows:
Sec. 7. Jlnd be it further enacted. That any proprietor,
member or agent of any express company, or other com-
pany engaged in the transportation of packages or parcels
for hire, or any other person engaged in such transporta-
tion, whether as principal or agent, or temporarily or other-
wise, who shall carry or cause to be carried, in violation of
any act of Congress, upon or over any post road, or between
any ports or places within the United States, or between
any pori in the United States and any port in any foreign
country between which the mails of the United States are
carried, any letter or communication in writing, or shall
knowingly carry or cause to be carried any package or par-
cel containing any letter or letters, or other paper or
papers in writing, or partly written and partly printed, con-
veying information of'any kind wha'ever, shall, in addition
to the penalties by this act, or at any tune heretofo e pre-
scribed for such offense, be deemed guilty of a misdemean-
or, and on conviction thereof shall be subject to imprison-
ment for a 'erm not exceeding three months, and to pay-a
fine not exceeding five hundred dollars fur every such of-
fense."
The question was taken on the amendment, and
it was not agreed to.
The 45th amendment of the Senate was read,
as follows:
"Sec. 8. *And he it further enacted. That every con-
tractor for carrying the mails of the United States, by land
or water, and every agent or employee of such contractor,
who shall knowingly transport over all or any portion of
the route of said contractor, any proprietor, member, agent,
or messenger of any express company, or any person en-
gaged in the transportation of parcels or packages for hire,
while such contractor shall know, or have good reason to
believe, that such proprietor, member, agent, messenger, or
person carries, orisengaged m carrying letters, or parcels, or
packages, containing a letter or letters, on the route of the
said contractor or any part thereof, in violation of any law
of the United States, or shall knowingly carry any bo^es,
bags, trunks, packages, or parcels belonging to or in the
custody of such proprietor, member, agent, messenger, or
person, which he shall know or have reason to suspect
contains any letter or letters, such contractor shall be guilty
of a misdemeanor, and on conviction thereof shall he liable
to a fine not exceeding one year's pay of such contractor ;
and the Postmaster General shall have power, upon such
conviction, by an instrument in writing under his hand and
seal, to declare the contract for the transportation of the
mail by such contractor null and void from such time as he
may designate in such instrument."
The question was taken on the amendment, and
it was not agreed to.
The 46th amendment of the Senate was read,
as follows:
"Sec. 9. +&nd be it, further enacted* That in respect to
any moneys which have come or shall hereafter come into
the possession or custody of any of the agents of the Post
Office Department, or any of the officers of the United
States, or shall have been paid to the order of the Postmas-
ter General, as provided in the second section of the act
entitled $ An act to amend the act entitled An act ro reduce
the rates of postage, to limit the use and correct the abuve
of the fianking privilege, and for the prevention of frauds
on the revenues of the Post Office Department, parsed 3d
day of March, 1845, approved March 1. 1847,'it shall be
lawful for the Postmaster General to receive all such in-
formation and state-ments, under oath or otherwise, from
the special agents of the Department, the claimants, and all
other person^, as he may deem proper, whether the same
would or would not be competent evidence in a court of
justice; and he may, after having given to the claimants,
by publishing the same as often as once a week for three
months in «uch and so many public newspapers as he may
direct, a notice to come in and substantiate their claims,
make an order for the payment thereof to such person or
persons, and in such proportion* a? he may deem ju*t and
proper, notwithstanding there may he no ceitain conclusive
evidence of the ownership of the same ; and when Mich an
order shall be examined, and the same approved by the
Attorney General, by an instrument undei the hand of such
Attorney General, such moneys shall be distributed accord-
ing to such order."
The question was taken on the amendment, and
It was not agreed to.
