702
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 9,
Mr. JAMES presented three petition of citizens
of the city and county of Philadelphia, remonstra-
ting against the extension of Wood worth's patent
for°a planing machine; which were referred to the
Committee on Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. BRADBURY presented two memorials of
citizens of Washington, in the District of Colum-
bia, praying certain amendments to the charter of
that city, and an extension of the right of suffrage;
which were referred to the Committee for the Dis-
trict. of Columbia.
Mr. WALKER presented two petitions of citi-
zens of Huntingdon county, Pennsylvania, pray-
ing that the public lands may be sold to actual
settlers only, and in limited quantities; which
were referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. PRATT presented a petition of citizens of
St. Mary's county, Maryland, praying a modifi-
cation of the bounty land law; which was referred
to the Committee oil Public Lands.
Mr. DAVIS submitted a document in relation
to increasing the compensation of certain deputy
naval officers; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Finance.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. WADE, from the Committee of Claims,
to which was referred the petition of Cornelius
Macaulay, submitted a report, accompanied by a
bill for his relief; which was read and passed to
the second reading. The report was ordered to
be printed.
Mr. RUSK, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, reported a joint resolution
authorizing the appointment of an Assistant Post-
master General; which was read and passed to
the second reading.
Mr- PRATT, from the Committee of Claims,
to which was referred several petitions of deputy
marshals throughout the United States, asking ad-
ditional compensation, submitted an adverse report,
which wns ordered to be printed.
Mr. DOUGLAS> from the Committee on Ter-
ritories, to which was referred the bill to amend
an act entitled "An act proposing to the State of
Texas the establishment of her northern and west-
ern boundaries, the relinquishment by said State
of all territory claimed by her exterior to said
boundaries, and of all her claims upon the United
States; and to establish a territorial government
for New Mexico," approved September 9, 1B50,
reported back the same with an amendment,
Mi\ SHIELDS, from the Committee 011 Mili-
tary Affairs, to which were referred the memorial
and the several communications relating to the
proceedings of the general court-martial for the
trial of Brigadier General George Talcott, asked
to be discharged from the consideration of the
same; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to which
whs referred the petition of Daniel JNippes, asking
compensation for certain arms manufactured fbi
the War Department, asked to be discharged from
the further consideration thereof; which wasa°reed
to. 0
lie also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the memorial of Sylvester Churchill,
asking arrears of pay, submitted a report, accom-
panied by a bill for his relief; which was read and
passed to the second reading. The report was
ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred thp memorial of Colonel James R.
Creecy, submitted a report, accompanied by a bill !
for his relief; which was read and passed to the i
second reading. The report was ordered to be
printed. ;
Mr. GWIN, from the Committee on Naval Af- !
fairs, to which was referred the memorials of L. J
M. Goldsborough, G. J. Van Brunt, and J. P. 1
Blunt, praying to be allowed additional compen- l!
sation, submitted a report, accompanied by a bill |'
for their relief; which was read and passed to the f
primed Fea T'le rePort waB 01'dered to be |
He also, from the same committee, to which i
was referred the bill from the House of Represent- i|
atives for the rehef of Gustavus A. De Russy, late |!
JV- B®?LAND  from the Committee on Print- \
ing, to which was referred the motion to print two I
thousand additional copies of the repon of the
Committee on 1- inance m relation to the coins of j
the United States, reported in favor thereof; which
was agreed to.
Mr. BAYARD, from the Committee of Claims,
to which was recommitted the petition of Joseph
Hiil and Sons, submitted an adverse report.
Mr. MANG-UM, from the Committee on For-
eign Relations, to which was referred the petition
of the legal representatives of William Bean, re-
ported a bill for the relief of William K. Jennings
and Aphia Jennings; which was read and passed
to the second reading.
Mr. BRADBURY, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to which was referred the bill from the
House of Representatives for the relief of the ex-
ecutors and heirs of Thomas Fletcher, deceased,
reported it without amendment.
ELIZABETH PREWITT.
Mr. RUSK. I have been unanimously in-
structed by the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads to report back and recommend the
passage of a joint resolution, from the House of
Representatives, for the relief of Elizabeth Prew-
ltt, widow and administratrix of Robert C. Prew-
itt, deceased; and I would ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to take it up and dispose of it
now. It will not occupy more than five minutes,
being a just claim in favor of a widow, requiring
the payment of the sum of $124 only. The cir-
cumstances are these: Her husband, during his
lifetime, at the lettings of mail contracts in 1846,
bid off two small post routes. On one he bid $74
a year, and on the other $43 a year. The post-
master, who certified the bids to the Post Office
Department, placed them both to the lowest num-
ber. When the bonds were presented to him for
that amount, he refused to sign them; but the Post-
master General told him he had better enter into the
bond to carry the mail at the price named, for it
would cost more to obtain the balance by a suit
than to carry the mail. The Department did not
feel themselves authorized to correct the mistake
after the bond was executed, and he performed
the service, and died. His widow now asks the
difference between the real bid of #74 and the sum
received, of $43 per annum. I hope it may be
considered now.
There being no objection the joint resolution
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It authorizes and directs the Postmaster General
to pay, for the relief of Elizabeth Prewitt, widow
of Robert C. Prewitt, late of Missouri, the sum
of $124, for services in transporting the mail from
Auburn to Ashley, in the State of Missouri, from
the 1st of July, 1846, to the 1st of July, 1850.
The resolution was reported to the Senate with-
out amendment, was ordered to a third reading,
arid was read a third time and passed.
BOUNTY LAND TO SAILORS.
Mr. STOCKTON, agreeably to previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill grant- :
ing to each commissioned officer of the Navy of j
I the United States, who served in the war against
j Mexico, one quarter section of land; and to all i
j petty officers, seamen, ordinary seamen, lands- '
; men, and boys, and to all others who served on
board of steamers, one quarter section of land
each; which was read a first and second time by
its title, and referred to the Commitiee on Public
Lands.
SALE OF PUBLIC LANDS.
Mr. HUNTER, by unanimous consent, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill to provide
for the sale of certain portions of the public lands
to the States within which they he, for the pur-
pose of constructing railroads and canals; which
was read a first and second time by its title, re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands, and or-
dered to be printed.
REDUCTION OF OCEAN POSTAGE.
The Senate proceeded to consider the resolution
submitted by Mr. Sumner, the 8ih instant, rela-
tive to ocean steamers and cheap postage, and
having been amended, onmotion by Mr. S^ner,
it was agreed to, as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee on tho Po«;t Office and
Post Roads be directed to inquire whether the present
chaiges foi letters earned by the ocean steamers are not
unnecessarily laige and buiden.ome to foreign cortespond- ■
enee, and whether something n,ay not be done, and, if so. \
what, to secure the great boon of cheap ocean postage. |
DEPUTY NAVAL OFFICERS. J
Mr. DAVIS submitted the following resolution j
for consideration; \ylixch was agreed to: |
Resolved, That the Committee on Finance be instructed
to inquire into tlie expediency of increasing the compen ra-
tion of the deputy naval officers in some of the principle
ports of the United States.
THE SCHOONER AMISTAD.
Mr. MASON submitted the following resolution
for consideration; which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Foreign Relations be
instructed to inquire into the piopriety and justice of pro-
viding by law, pursuant to the recommendation of toriner
Presidents of the United States, and last by President Polk,
in his message of the 7th of December, 1847, for the pay-
ment of the claim therein mentioned as arising to certain
Spanish subjects, in the ease of the schooner Aimstad.
THE SEVENTH CENSUS.
The Senate proceeded to consider the resolution
submitted by Mr. Bayard on the 8th instant, for
the appointment of a select committee of five mem-
bers,to consider and report what alterations should
be made in the plan for the publication of the re-
turns of the Seventh Census before the same is
printed; which was agreed to.
On motion, it was ordered that the Committee
be appointed by the President pro tempore.
And Mr. Bayard, Mr. Borland, Mr. Davis,
Mr. Atchison, and Mr. Bell, were appointed.
ELECTION OF JUDGES IN OREGON.
On the motion of Mr. ATCHISON, the follow-
ing resolution, which he submitted on the 1st in-
stant, was taken up, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Territories be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of so amending an act to es-
tablish the territorial government ot Oregon, as to authorize
the legally-qualified voters of said Terntory to elect their
Governor and judges.
NON-INTERVENTION.
Mr. CLARKE. I move that all the previous
orders be postponed, for the purpose of taking up
the resolutions which 1 had the honor to offer to
the Senate some time ago, on the subject of non-
intervention. When this subject was last under
consideration—some ten days ago—it was post-
poned until to-day, the Senator from New York
[Mr. SewardJ having the lloor, and being desirous
to proceed. The bill proposing a grant of land to
the State of Iowa, which was under discussion
yesterday, was postponed until Wednesday with
that view. 1 hope, therefore, that the Senate will
now proceed to the consideration of these resolu-
tions.
Mr. BADGER. I should like to be informed
by my friend from Rhode Island, whether it is in-
tended to proceed with the discussion of these res-
olutions and go through with them, or whether it
is intended, after the discussion of to-day, to re-
sume the bill of my friend from Iowa, [Mr. Jones?]
If the last-mentioned course is to be the under-
standing, I shall offer no objection to the taking
up of these resolutions; but if not, then 1 must
object.
Mr. CLARKE. In answer to the Senator from
North Carolina, I will state that that is the under-
standing. The Senator from New York desires
to speak on the subject of these resolutions to-day,
and then they will be under the order of the Sen-
ate, and the bill granting land to the State of Iowa
will probably come up next.
Mr. GW1N. I commenced a speech on a sub-
ject of a great deal more importance than this some
four weeks ago, and was cut off in the middle of
it by this land bill. I should very much like to
know whether I am ever to have an opportunity
to finish it? The subject to which it relates is a
practical one—to establish a navy-yard and depot
in the bay of San Francisco. Some time ago I
I asked the Senator from Iowa to give me one day,
and stated that with that day I would be satisfied,
because this was an isolated question, and not one
involving party disputes, but the Senator said no,
that they should be through with that bill in a day
or two, but that is a month since. I would very
much like to know, therefore, whether the Senator
from Iowa will give me a chance to-morrow to
finish my speech ?
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. In reply to the Senator
from California, I must say, that with every incli-
nation to favor him, I cannot consent to give to-
morrow, or any other day hereafter, for the con-
sideration of any other subject, till the Iowa land
bill is disposed of. At the time I made the sugges-
tion, that I thought we could have disposed of it
in one day, I had good reason to suppose that we
could do so, because similar bills had been taken
up and disposed of in fifteen minutes. 1 had no
idea at that time that the proposition of the hon«
