704
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 9.
The question was then taken on the motion to
postpone to Wednesday week, the 17th instant,
and it was decided in the affirmative.
On motion by Mr. UNDERWOOD, the Senate
adjourned.
%/
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, March 9, 1852.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Rev. C. M. Bcjtler.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the bill granting to the State of Alabama the
right of way, and a donation of public land, to aid
in the construction of a railroad from Selma, til
the State of Alabama, to the Tennessee river, at
or near Gunter's Landing. The motiora pending
is to refer, and upon that question the gentleman
from Alabama [Mr. Cobb] is entitled to ilie floor.
PASSENGER VESSELS.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. I would ask
the gentleman from Alabama to yield for a mo-
ment, for the purpose of enabling me to get a bill
from the Senate, m relation to the ventilation of
passenger vessels, taken from the Speaker's table,
and referred to the Committee on Commerce, so
that speedy action may be had upon it.
There being no objection, Senate bill No. 250,
entitled "An act to amend an act entitled ' An act
' to regulate the carriage of passengers in merchant
•vessels,' approved February 22, 1847; also to
amend an act entitled ' An act to provide for the
ventilation of passenger vessels,' approved May
17, 1848," was taken from the Speaker's table,
read a first and second time by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
BOUNTY LAND LAW.
Mr. HASCALL asked the unanimous consent
of the House to present a petition from the inhab-
itants of Wyoming county, in the State of New-
York, asking for an amendment of the bounty
land bill, with the view that the same might lie
referred to a select committee, with instructions
to report a bill in conformity with the prayer of
the petitioners.
Mr. OUR. I object.
The SPEAKER. Objection is made, and the
petition cannot be introduced.
On motion by Mr. DISNEY, it was
Ordered, That tin- papers and pennon in the case of r.J-
mund Dexter he withdraw n from the tiles o: the House, and
rwetred to the Committee nl Claims
On motion by Mr. FLORENCE, by unanimous
consent, it was
Ordeicd, That tin- petition of the widow of Lientenaiit
James A. Jleany, ol Philadelphia, lie withdiawa liora the
files of tin and leiriied tu ll;e Coinmiltee on l'i n-
ftlori".
Ml'. OLDS. I i all tor the re^ularordei of busi-
ness.
f-RAJ\"T OF LAND TO ALABAMA.
•Ihe SPEAIvh.it. The regulai oiderof busi-
ness is called for, and 1 be gentleman fiom Alabama
[Mr. Cocb] has the lloor.
Mr. McML LL1N With the permission of
the gentleman from Alabama, I desire to offer an
amendment to the bill.
Mr. OLDS. All this, 1 suppose, comes out of
the morning hour, anil [ am anxious to get on with
the business.
The SPEAKER. It doe-. ;
Mr, COM3. When wo had tins measure under
consideration a feu- days past, a propoMiiuu was'
made to go into Comm'iftee of the V/hole, 1 no-
tified the House then that I had nearly concluded
my remarks upon this measure, and' thai it was
probable, if they suspended the pioceedm;:? then,
1 might accumulate a new head of steam, and
conclude thereafter to detain the House somewhat
longer than i at first intended. A sense of pro-
priety upon my part prompts me—though 1 may
have conquerable steam aboard—lo lestrvemv
remarks for some future oo<-asion, and to say now
on!y what I mtended to have said then, and'be as
J* 1 P"«*n% can. Before I proceed, how-
evei, aUuv me to call the attention of the report-
ers to a little M-ror—and 1 am surprised that they
do not make more from the clamor that not un-
frequently surrounds them-.ni error by which 1
they have made me say that the road [ wis atlvo-
ca.mg had been completed about two hundred '
j miles. I did not intend to say that. I intended
i to say that the road was completed for a consider-
| able distance, and was under contractfor aboutone
hundred and sixty miles, leaving about forty-three
miles of the entire work yet to be placed under
I contract—making two hundred and five miles as
[: the entire length of the road.
!! I was about concluding my remarks when this
;] question was up a few days since, by simply tra-
■ cing the line of this road; and I will content my-
], self on this occasion with doing so, and as briefly
:j as I can. This road proposes to connect Mobile
and the Alabama waters, as I formerly said, by a
; railroad connecting the Alabama river at Selma
! with Gunter's Landing, on the Tennessee rivei.
S If gentlemen will take the trouble to examine the
' map and see how these mighty waters wind them-
' selves through fertile valleys to meet each other,
they will conclude with me that a junction should
/ be formed. 1 think the importance of the work,
ij m a national point of view, is one which should
1 commend itself to the consideration of every mem-
ber of the House. It strikes me that, upon a sur-
: vey of the map of the country through which the
. toad is to pass, no gentleman will be found to deny
the great nationality of this work. And to the
| members from Tennessee I would say, that if they
' will examine the route of this proposed road, they
will see that it passes through an agricultural part
. of the State. Let them follow it to Nashville,
thence to Louisville, thence through Ohio and In-
diana, thus connecting the Mobile waters with the
j two great Lakes—Michigan and Erie. Is this a
; work, then, of small moment? Is it not a work
i which will be pronounced, by every one who gives
i it a moment's attention, to be of great national im-
portance? The benefits that would result from
j such a work to the citizens of those States would
| be great, for this road, starting from Selma, in
l' Alabama, runs through a mineral region—runs
I through a bed of marble not to be surpassed in
J, the Union—runs through acoal region which can-
II not be surpassed in the Southern States—runs
; through an iron region. I do not want to say this,
because I might scare some of my Pennsylvania
; friends from the support of this bill. I desire not
to drive them fiom the support of the road. But,
sir, this road runs through a country that is rich
with mineral ore, with coal and ii'on ore lying
, almost together. I want the Representatives of
| the States to which I have alluded to call particu-
, larly to mind the importance of this work to the
' Eastern members, the Western members, and the
; Southern members. I may have occasion to call
j upon them to examine the merits of another work,
: which 1 intend to submit to their particular and
. special consideration. Now, sir, if this road is
to be completed, what, in a national point of view,
will be the benefits to our sea-board? Sir, yot't
daily hear something said in relation to the Army, I
ill ielation to making appropriations for fortifica-
tions upon your sea-board. Give us this road, and
we ask no fortifications upon our sea-board. This ;
road will enable us to get down to the sea-board
almost in a moment with an army. Tennessee, '
Kentucky, and Ohio can also send down troops to '
defend our sea-board, if necessity should require. I
Gn e us this road, and we want lio standing- army !
ill that country. In the sixth Congressional dis-
trict m Alabama we have a standing army the >
right kind of a army—and gite us this roa'd, and '
it wiM be more efficient for defense than all the for-
tihrntions you can plane upon the southern borders
of Alabama. 1 am satisfied that the honorable
gentlemen, through whose district this load runs, '
have asufheient force always ready to turn orompt-
ly out—as they ever litue done, at the first sound
of danger-- -to the rescue of then- country 1 will
nil' trespass upon the House, but 1 must e.\pre«s '
iny gtMtifil ation at the indication which manifested ,
itself a few days ago—upon the coming up of a bill '
tor that nurpo.se, though of a limited nature of a
disposition to exempt railroad iron fiom duty for '
a period of years. I say, I was glad to witness,
a few days since, m this House, indications of a
leturmng sense of justice towards the railroads '
projected and m progress; and I am induced to
change my opinion of this House. Prior to that I :
thought it was a hopeless case to ask for favoiable 1
action upon this bill; but I have had some little
leflection upon it; and inasmuch as my constitu-
ents expect me to do everything that ii proper to
forward this act to aid in the construction of that 1
road, I will move, at the proper time, to put the bill
| upon its passage. I prefer that the bill should die
i1 here to-day, rather than it should be sent to a com-
; rnittee to slumber. My constituents hope for some
,, relief. Kill the bill to-day, if you are going to
(. kill it, and let us know what we can depend upon,
ji If it is understood that I made a motion to refer
j| this hill, I will withdraw that motion, and move
i to put the bill upon its passage.
■i The SPEAKER. I unders band the gentleman
;i made no motion to refer.
j, Mr - COBB. Then I move to put the bill upon
■ ' its passage. I desire to vote upon it.
j Mr. WHITE, of Alabama, obtained the floor.
!} EXEMPTION OF RAILROAD IRON.
11 Mr. CLINGMAN. If the gentleman will allow*
i, me, I desire to move an amendment to the bill. I
11 do it to get the sense of the House upon the prop-
osition contained in it, which is in order, as the
, bill is upon its engrossment.
Tlie SPEAKER. It is upon its engrossment.
, There is already an amendment, in the shape of a
substitute, pending.
Mr. WHITE yielded the floor to admit the
i amendment.
Mr. CLINGMAN. 1 move to insert the prop-
; osition I send to the table, as an additional section
: to the bill.
| The amendment was then read, as follows:
That the iron for the construction of tins and all other
| railroad? in the United States, or the Territories thereof,
i may be imported free of all duty : Provided, nevertheless,
i That in all cases hereafter, whenever it is proposed to claim
. this exemption from duty in case of the importation of iron
j for such purposes, it s-hall be the duty of the person or per-
j sons importing the same to give bond in such manner as
! may he prescribed by the Secretary of the Treasmv, condi-
: tioncd to show that within tlnee years from the" time of
j said importation, the said ii<m ha* been iaid down for per-
I manent use on some raihoad; or 111 the event of failure to
' make it so appear. Mien the per-on or persons importing said
| iron to be requued to pay double tiie rates of duty now r -
, quired by law: Provided, further, That in the event of it*
; being made to appear to the satisfaction ot the Secretaiy of
i the Treasury, that the omission to lav down said rails hat
■ not occurred by reason ot any fraudulent purpose to evade
1 the payment of the prescribed rate of dutvon such iron, that
then it shall be his duty to give further and reasonable time
: for the bona fide application of said iron to the purposes of
j railroads.
I Sec. —. Be it further enacted, That all duties now due
, on account of the imponation of iron lor railroads be, and
| the same are hereby remitted : Proiided, however, That in
. all such cases, the importation shall be in the name and for
the u&eof&onie legally mcoiporated railroad company, or
1 tor a State or Termory ot the United States.
Mr, HALL. Is that amendment in order?
' Mr. CLINGMAN. I beg leave to state that
j the bill under consideration is one encouraging the
| building of railroads by making a donation of
j lands. Well, very clearly, anything relating to the
; general subject, or providing that that road may
! import Us iron ftee of duty, is unquestionably
, germane to the subject.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands the
original bill to provide lor a right of way and a
, grant of land to a railroad m Alabama. Thegen-
, tlemanV proposition is to remit dunes uponratl-
ioadiron. The Chair thinks the amendment is
not in order.
t CLIJN"GMAN. I am sorry to differ with
tne Chau, but if you wili give them a right of
\\ ay and h grant of land, why not let them import
their iron free of dutv?
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman take an
appeal r
Mi. CLINGMAN. I will not take an appeal
myself, hut some of my friends desire it, and if
any gentleman will take an appeal i will sustain it.
Air. HOUSTON. It the gentleman does not
appeal, I musf object to tin* debate. We are con-
suming all the morning hour.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ala-
nnnma^is en'ifled to the floor, but the gentleman
irom North Carolina has tnken nn apnea! from
the decision of the Chair. '
A'Ir. CLINGMAN. I did not apnea! myself,
although I understood that jsome ol my friends
would.
_ Mr. OR It. I wili take an appeal from the de
cision of the Chair. I think the Chair decided
the other day, upon o bill granting lands to Iowa
tor railroad purposes, that it was m order to make
a donation of lands to Kentucky.
The SPEAKER. That is very true; but the
Cnatr never yet has decided that the granting of
lands and the remission of duties upon imported
railroad iron, were kindred subjects.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask the gentleman from
South Carolina to let his appeal go over to some
