THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. HIVES.—TERMS .$3 FOR THIS SESSION.
32d Congress, 1st Session.
WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 1, 1852.
New Series....No. 156.
Mr. WOODWARD. I will offer the following
amendment to that of the gentleman from Tennes-
see, to compensate those who, taking into consid-
eration the character and intensity of the labor, are
worth five times as much as any of them:
And that there be paid to each of the reporters of this
House for the Congressional GJobe a sum equal to the extra
compensation hereby allowed to the Chief Clerk in the
clerk's office.
[Cries of "That's right!" "That's right!"
" That's right!"]
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I am willing
to accept that amendment, but not that of the gen-
tleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones.] I call the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I nsk that the
resolution and amendment be again reported.
The resolution as amended was again read hv
the Clerk.
Mr. CLEVELAND. The amendment simply
provides that these gentlemen shall receive the
same extra compensation as we give the chief
clerk. They ought to have it. Considering the
nature of their services, they ought to have it
more than any others here.
Mr. PENN. I hope the House will vote for
the amendment.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. It is right,
and it should be paid to them.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded the yeas
and nays upon the amendment; which were not
ordered.
Tellers were demanded; but only seventeen gen-
tlemen rising in the affirmative, they were not or-
dered.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment was agreed to.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I will ask the gen-
tleman from Tennessee [Mr. Stanton] to allow
me to offer an amendment, to place the Sergeant-
at-Arms and the Postmaster of the House upon
an equal footing with the Chief Clerk.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I think the
original resolution includes them.
The question was then taken on the resolution
as amended, and it was agreed to.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the resolution was
passed, and to lay the motion to reconsider upon
the table; which latter motion was agreed to.
FORTIFICATION BILL.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire in some way to dis-
pose of the fortification bill. If the House will
consent to take action upon it, I will propose to
bring it before the House, and make a test vote
upon it.
Mr. CARTTER. 1 object.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
for the purpose of taking up the fortification bill.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. Have we yet
acted upon the naval appropriation bill >
Mr. HOUSTON. It has not yet come in from
the Senate, or I would move to take it up.
Mr. WHITE, of Kentucky. I wish to know
what was done with the 30th amendment to the
Army bill m regard to the Blue Lick Springs m
Kentucky ?
The SPEAKER. It was rejected, in the opin-
ion of the Chair.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I move to re-
consider the vote by which that amendment was
rejected.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will make an en-
try of that motion.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I rise to a
privileged question. It is to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment to the Post Office bill,
providing for a daily mail on the Mississippi river,
was rejected.
The SPEAKER. That motion will be entered,
but it cannot be considered while the motion of the
gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Houston] is before
the House.
156
Mr. STANTON. Is not the motion debatable?
The SPEAKER. It is not. It is not in order
to consider it while the gentleman from Alabama
[Mr. Houston] has the floor.
Mr. STANTON. I only wish to say a single
word.
[Cries of " Order!" "Orderj" "Order!"]
The SPEAKER. The mouon of the gentle-
man from Tennessee [Mr. Stanton] is entered,
and can be called up at any time when no other
privileged motion is pending.
The*question recurring upon Mr. Houston's
motion to suspend the rules,
Mr. HOUSTON demanded the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
The question was then taken, and there were—
yeas 70, nays 46; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, William Appleton, Averett,
Babcock, Thomas H. Bayly, Bibighaus, Bowie, John H.
Boyd, Bragg, Breckinridge. Brooks, E. Cairington Cabell,
Chandler, Chapman, Chastain, Conger, Darnel, Duncan,
Ewim*, Florence, Goodenow, Goodrich, Gray, Hamilton,
Hammond, Sampson W. Harris, Hart, Hawaii, Haven,
Hebard, Ilolladay, Houston, Howard, John W. Howe, In-
gersoli, Jackson,George W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, George
G. King, Kurtz, Martin, MeCorkle, Miller, Millson, Henry
I). Moore, Morehead, Andrew Parker, Peaslee, Perkins,
Phelps, Porter, Iteed, Riddle, Robbms, Schermerhorn,
Schoolcraft, Schoonmaker, Scudder, Skelton, Stanly, Fred-
prick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Thaddeus Stevens,
St. Martin, Strother, Taylor, Thurston, Walsh, Watkins,
and Addison White—70.
NAYS—Messrs. Charles Allen, Barrere, Beale, Bowne,
Brenton, Albert G, Brown, Buell, Joseph Cable, Caldwell,
Lewis D. Campbell, Thompson Campbell, Church well,
Claik, Cobb, Colcock, Dawson, Dimmick, Eastman, Ed-
geiton, Edmundyon, Fickhn, Floyd, Gaylord, Gorman,
Green, Hall, Isham G. Harris, Henn, Thomas Y. How,
Andrew Johnson, John Johnson, Robert W. Johnson,
Letcher, Lockhart, McQueen, Muiray,Outlaw, Penndnan,
Polk, Powell, Robie, Savage, David L. Seymour, Benjamin
Stanton, Stuart, Townshcnd, Wallace, and Woodward—
46.
So the rules were suspended, and the House re-
solved itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, (Mr. Stuart in the chair.)
FORTIFICATION BILL.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move to take up House
bill No. 316, " making appropriations for certain
fortifications of the United States for the year end-
ing the 30th of June, 1853."
The question was then taken, and it was agreed
to.
Mr. HOUSTON. The fortification bill as re-
ported by the committee, contains appropriations
to the amount of $134,000. It is founded on a let-
ter of General Totten, who classified these works
into various classes, and the committee have in-
structed me to report back to the House one class
which is embraced in this bill. General Totten,
in his letter, desired the passage of the entire forti-
fication bill; but when he found he could not get
that, he urged the universal importance it was to
the country of passing a bill embracing at least
the first-class, for the purpose of preserving the
public property from dilapidation and destruction.
As there is very little time fora discussion of this
subject, if the committee will do so, 1 shall propose
to go into the House for the purpose of closing the
debate. I move that the committee rise.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I desire to offer a
substitute, and I wish to be heard upon it for ten
minutes.
The CHAIRMAN. Thegentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Bayly] can offer his substitute when
the committee again organizes.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Hous-
ton's motion, and it was agreed to.
Thecommittee accordingly rose, and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the chairman reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union had, according to order, had the Union
generally under consideration, and especially
House bill No. 316, " making appropriations for
certain fortifications of the United States for the
year ending the 30th of June, 1853."
LATE MR. RANTOUL.
Mr. GOODRICH. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Speaker paytothe widowoftheHon.
Robert Rantoul, deccaaed, whatever balance may have been
due Mr. Rantoul, as a member of this House, at the time of
his death: Jlnd resolved, That the Clerk of the House be
directed to pay out of the contingent fund, to Mrs. Rantoul,
the per diem to which her late husband would have boen
entuled if he had lived until the erid of the present session.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object to the latter
part of that resolution. It has never been done
yet, and I object to it.
Mr. GOODRICH. I will withdraw the latter
clause of the resolution, if there is any objection
to it. I will modify it according to the suggestion
of the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones.]
The question recurring upon the adoption of
the resolution as modified, it was put, and the
resolution was agreed to.
A message was received from the Seriate, by
Mr. Dickins, its Secretary:
Mr. Speaker : The Senate have passed bills of the fol-
lowing titles, viz:
H. R., No. 240, entitled " An act making appropriations
for the naval service for the year ending 30th June, 1853
and
II. It., No. 31*2, entitled " An act making appropriations
for light-houses, light-boats, buoys, &c., and providing foi
the erection and establishment of the same, and for other
purposes," severally, with amendments, m which I aiu
directed to ask the concurrcnce of this House.
On motion by Mr. HOUSTON, by unanimous
consent, it was
Ordered, That the bill of the House making appropria-
tions for the naval service, for the year ending 30th June,
1853, just repoited from the Senate, with sundry amend-
ments, be committed to the Committee of the Whole House
on the state of the Union.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move the adoption of the
usual resolution, closing debate on the fortification
bill m fifteen minutes after the committee shall
have resumed its consideration.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. The gentleman
will allow me to suggest to him before that reso-
lution is adopted, to make no moie propositions,
or I hope the House will vote them down. It is
too late in the session to go into committee, and
there are some things that ought to be done in the
House.
Mr. HOUSTON. This is about as important
as anything else that can be done for the countr}'.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi. I nv ve fo
amend the proposition, by striking out "fifteen
minutes" and inserting "five." We have <;o
time to waste in speech making.
The question was taken on the amendment, and
it was agreed to.
The question recurred upon agreeing to the res-
olution as amended; and being put, it was decided
in the affirmative.
So the resolution as amended was agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted, and to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The question was taken upon the latter motion,
and it was agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. I now move that the rules
be suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Is not a motion
to postpone the bill until the first Monday in De-
cember in order 5
The SPEAKER. It is not in possession of the
House even, and it is not therefore in order.
Mr. JOHNSON. I hope the House will refuse
to go into committee.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, is it in order
to move that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union be discharged from the further
consideration of this bill, and bring it into the
House?
The SPEAKER. Not unless the rules were
suspended, or by unanimous consent.
Mr. BAYLY. I object.
Mr. BROWN. Then I move to suspend the
rules.
Mr. KING, of New York. I rise to a point of
order. I wish to inquire of the Chair whether
there is not a motion pending to suspend the rules
and to go into committee?
The SPEAKER. There is a motion pending
to go into committee
