1618
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 25,
The PRESIDENT. If such is the pleasure of
the Senate, the Chair will consider the report as
not agreed to. The proposition will then be to
give the individual leave to withdraw his petition
and papers.
Leave was granted.
, THOMAS H. LEGGETT.'
The-PRESIDENT. The first bill on the Cal-
endar is the bill for the relief of Thomas H. Leg-
gett.
, Mr. BORLAND. The Senator from Virginia,
[Mr. Hunter.,] as chairman of the Committee on
Finance, has taken an interest in this bill, and dis-
cussed it at length. In consequence of his ab-
sence, I move that its further consideration be
postponed until Friday next.
The motion was agreed to.
MARK AND RICHARD H. BEAN.
Mr. BORLAND. Mr. President, I would pre-
sent to the Senate a case that has been lying upon
the table, upon a motion to reconsider, for sortie
weeks. It is a bill for the relief of Mark Bean
and Richard H. Bean, of Arkansas. The bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, a
motion to reconsider that vote was made, and that
motion was laid upon the table. I should have
called it up before, but for the fact, that this is the
first Friday when private bills, which give rise to
discussion, could betaken up. I move that the
Senate now take up that bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT. The bill was ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading; a motion was
made to reconsider that vote, and the question
now pending is upon the motion to reconsider.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. That brings up, I sup-
pose, the merits of the bill. [ will state to the
Senate, if they will be kind enough to give me
their attention, as briefly as I can, the reasons
why I think the reconsideration ought to take
place. I was present at the time the bill was or-
dered to be engrossed for a third reading, but my
mind was not directed to the subject, and although
I opposed the bill in committee, I allowed it to
pass to its engrossment without making my ob-
jections known, and did not know at the time that
it was ordered to be engrossed. Hence I made
the motion to reconsider.
The facts of the case, according to the papers,
are these: These Messrs. Bean," as far back, I
think, as the year 1817, discovered a saline on the
Arkansas river, then m the Indian country. The
highest fort upon the Arkansas river at that time
was Fort Smith, which was some twenty, thirty,
forty, or fifty miles below this salt well or saline.
Major Bradford was commander at this fort.
After the discovery of this saline by the Messrs.
Bean, they wanted to make salt there, and they
did make salt at this lick or saline, and carried
about a hundred salt kettles in boats up the Ar-
kansas river to the place where the salt was made.
Afterwards the Government set apart the country
which included the salt well, for the Indians who
are now settled on the western boundary of Ar-
kansas, and on setting apart the country west of
the Arkansas for the Indian tribes, all the white
settlers were directed to leave the country, so that
the Indians might occupy it. The Messrs. Bean,
of course, like the other white settlers in that
region, had to leave the country. I think they
were required to leave it in 1828. If I am wron°-
in that, my friend from Arkansas can correct
me.
Mr. BORLAND. Eighteen hundred and twen-
ty-eight was the year.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. The Messrs. Bean com-
menced their salt works after the discovery of the
well in 1822 or perhaps 1821; I believe it was in
1821; so that they had possession of the salt
works, and used and occupied the country, from
JR-21 up to 1828, when they were directed to leaf e.
Congress, by an act for the purpose of compen-
sating those persons who were directed thus to
leave that country, gave each of them three bun-
dled and twenty acres of land. They had made
some little improvements in the country. They
were permitted to go in under some treaties made
with the Indians, I think in 1S2G. Prior to 1826
settlers were not permitted to go to the country;
but in 1896, if I mistake not the date, after the'
treaties had been made, the country was thrown
open for white settlers to emigrate and settle upon.
These settlers were directed to leave the country
in 1828. Subsequently, Congress passed an act
giving each of them three hundred and twenty
acres of land in order to pay them for their im-
provements which they had made. The Messrs.
Bean had been there from 1821. They had en-
tered the country long before it was open to white
settlers. They had made their establishment and
were manufacturing salt years before the country
was open to white settlement, and Wfore whites
were permitted to go there.
It then becomes a question, how did the Messrs.
Bean go into this Indian country ? How did they
commence their operations in salt? And here
there is some little difference between the report
made by the committee and myself in regard to
the evidence. The report states that the Messrs.
Bean were invited, as it were, to go to the coun-
try, by Major Biadford, who then had command
of Port Smith, the nearest post to the place where
this salt well or saline was situated. I think the
evidence does not authorize the statement in the
report, that the Messrs. Bean were invited to go
to the country by Major Bradford, or that Major
Bradford held out any promise to them that if
they would go he would protect them. 1 will
read to the Senate what the only witness in the
case, who ever had a conversation with Major
Bradford, says. I refer to the deposition or state-
ment of General Arbuckle. General Arbuckle
states that he understood from Major Bradford,
the commanding officer, that the Messrs. Bean
had been permitted to establish salt works, as
there was a great scarcity of salt upon the frontier.
The construction of the statement of General Ar-
buckle will settle the point between the report and
myself. I would like to have that portion of the
report read. I will read the exact words of Major
Arbuekle's'statement: "I understood from Major
'Bradford, the commanding officer, that you
' [meaning the Beans] had been permitted to es- j
'tabhsh your salt works, as there was then a
'great scarcity of salt on the frontier." I think j
the report, when it is read, will be found to con- i
tain a statement that the Beans established their i
salt works after being urged by the solicitation of ;
Major Bradford to engage in the manufacture of j
salt for the supply of the troops of the fort, and
after his malting a promise to them that in case
they should do so their rights should be fully pro-
tected and secured by the Government, of all of
which there is no sufficient proof.
Mr. BORLAND. If the Senator will permit
me to say a word, perhaps I can save lum and the
Senate some time. The Senator makes his point,
as I understand, on the difference between an in-
vitation to the Messrs. Bean to go on this land,
and establish salt works, and a permission to them
to do so. I understand that to be the point which
he makes. I will say to the Senator that 1 am
willing to concede the difference which he claims,
and admit that this was merely a permission. 1
j do not think, however, that it materially varies
| the question. We know that at that time no
I white person could go into that country without
permission. General Arbuckle himself states that
they were permitted to go. Now, it makes very
little difference—no difference practically and sub-
stantially—whether they got that permission by
their own solicitation, or whether they followed
the solicitation of the United States officers, that
they would go there. The object was the same:
the Beans desired to make money for themselves;
the officers of the Government desired that the
salt works should be established for the benefit of
the army and the country adjacent thereto. Be-
■I Sieving that it would be a public benefit, the offi-
!j cers of the army granted the permission. Believing
|i that they themselves would derive pecuniary beri-
ij efit from it, the Messrs. Bean got the permission,
j Whether it was by their own solicitation, or on j
j the solicitation of the officers of the army, I sub- ii
Ij rriit, makes no difference. If that is the only i
j! point which the Senator makes in opposition to j
ij the claim, I concede it to him; and that I think ,j
jj will save an argument.
ij Mr. UNDERWOOD. I am very glad of the
|j concession, because it will supersede the neces- ij
j; sity of my attempting to show that the testimony ,i
I; does not exactly warrant the statement of the re- !j
jj port. Now, my friend thinks that the grant of a
j; niere permission amounts to the same thing as an ji
ij invitation and a guarantee that the Government ]j
jj would furnish protection. I think there is a great I
11 difference between them. In the way that the fact jj
is conceded now it is this: The Messrs. Bean, ex-
ploring a wilderness country, found a saline uport
Indian territory. They say to themselves, " We
can manufacture salt here to our advantage;" and
they then go to the commander of the post, whose
duty it is to keep intruders off the Indian lands,
and they say to the commander, " If you will not
drive us away; it\you will allow us freedom to
remain here, we wKl establish our salt works."
And the commandant says, "Very well; if you
can get permission from the Indians you have my
assent." That is a very different thing from tell-
ing them, " Go there; put up your salt works; go
to work, and I will pledge to you the protection of
the Government for your property, and the guar-
antee on the part of the Government for all the
improvements you may erect there." Then, sir,
take it that Major Bradford assented, after these
people had discovered the saline, that they might
go there and go to work, and make whatever they
could, and he would not drive them away, because
his men wanted salt. They then go on and make
salt from 1821 to 1828—for seven years—when
the country is set apart for the use of the Indians,
and then they give up their works.
The compensation which these parties claim, is
for the loss of the works, and the improvements
which they made in reference to the manufacture
ofsalt; and the committee have proposed an allow-
ance to them of $.15,000 for the loss of kettles and
for their improvements. I say that the Messrs,
Bean risked all this. It was Indian country at
the time they went there. It was, 1 admit, sub-
sequently purchased by treaty; and after it was
purchased, it was thrown open to the immigration
of the whites. But when it was set apart for the
benefit of the Indians, the Government paid, as I
have said, such compensation as it thought the
settlers were entitled to. But before all this, it
will be perceived, the Messrs. Bean intruded, and
commenced making their salt upon thelndian coun-
try—the officers of the Government merely saying
to them: " We will not drive you away." Now,
1 say that the Messrs. Bean risked the conse-
quences. The Government came under no guar-
antee to them; the Government made no contract
with them. The officers of the Government
pledged the Government for nothing; and there-
fore we are not responsible to pay them. But if
the Government is responsible, for how much is
it responsible? That is the question.
In the first place, upon the facts which I have
stated, the Government is not responsible for any-
thing. But, suppose the Government to be re-
sponsible, then another question arises as to how
much the Government is responsible for. If you
will look at the testimony in this case, I think it ^
will be made perfectly manifest that the witnesses
make a valuation of what this whole property
would have been worth if the Messrs. Bean could
have been permitted to retain it—the lands, im-
provements, salt works, and all, including the
value which the salt well would impart to the prop-
erty. If you will look at the testimony, I think
you will find that the witnesses estimate the
whole value of the property to the Messrs. Bean,
provided they could have retained the whole of
it, and it could have been secured to them. There-
fore they speak m this way: " We estimate the
loss of Messrs. Bean at §15,000 or *>20,000."
They thus speak of the whole property, and some
of them go so far as to say that while the Beans
were manufacturing salt, the Indians, in passing
to and fro through the country, were in the habit
of seizing their stock, committing depredations
upon their farms, and a great many trespasses,
by which they sustained loss. Some witnesses
say they estimate all that and the value, and make
out the whole loss to be §15,000 or §20,000.
Now, I want to show what the manager of this
salt well swears to. If he tells the truth, it is
perfectly evident that these people have been com-
pensated double and treble for any expenditure
which they may have made in the erection of
these salt works. The manager, who says that
he superintended the salt works from their com-
mencement down to their termination when the
Beans had to give up the property, swears that
they made about thirty-five bushels of salt per
day; that the expense of making the salt was
about twenty-five cents per bushel; and that the
salt was sold for a dollar a bushel—and of course
the profit was seventy-five cents per bushel.
They Were manufacturing salt there for seven
