1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2483
appropriations. They have twice rejected them.
It is an admitted fact now, in military science,
that these fortifications are of no earthly use as
national defenses, except in one instance, and that
is for the purpose of enabling our Navy and our
merchant vessels to get under the protection of
their guns when pursued by an enemy. So far as
they are concerned in defending the country, they
are of no earthly use. No military man on the
face of the earth who had five ideas above a
pickled oyster would ever think of an attempt to
storm one of our fortifications. No man in this
country, I apprehend, imagines that the British
would attempt to sail up the Potomac and attack
Fort Washington. No man in his sound mind
imagines that they would attack New York. No
man in his sound mind imagines that they would
come up the Mississippi and attack Port Jackson.
No man in his sound mind can think they would
attack Fort Moultrie. No man in his sound mind
can think that they would attempt to attack the
fort at Point Comfort. The only help these for-
tifications can be is to enable our commercial ma-
rine to get in under them and protect themselves
against an outward navy. But if the enemy
wish to land, all they have got to do is to go to
any part of our shore, land in serf-boats, and
march wherever they please. But whilegentlemen
universally admit this, while they accept the prin-
ciple, they say that you must keep them in repair.
Keep what in repair? Your fine flower-gardens
and fences ? Keep up the paint and brush? Under
your Army regulations, the soldiers do that from
day to day, and a very slight appropriation is
needed to keep up the repairs from year to year.
The bill of the Committee of Ways and Means
of §134,000, is amply sufficient for that.
I have but one additional remark to make, and
it is this: that if any gentleman can rise in his
place and say that there is a fortification in A mer-
ica that the British cannot, by landing at some
other point, surround and take, then I have
learned the history of a small portion of the mili-
tary science of this country to very little advan-
tage. Th«re is not a man in the Army, from
General Scott himself down, but what will admit,
that by landing on our coast and going round by
land, an enemy could take any fortification in the
country. They are of no earthly use whatever,
except, as I said before, to protect our commercial
marine by enabling vessels to run in under their
guns.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I move to
amend the amendment by increasing the amount
$50. I do not rise for the purpose of making an
argument in reference to fortifications. I agree
generally with what the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Gorman] has said, except in reference to
one or two points, such as the Tortugas, because
they do not stand upon the ground of fortifications
on land which can be surrounded and taken; they
defend a strait. But I consider it very important
that, in the absence of these fortifications, we
should strengthen the Navy, and that we should
build such a vessel as I proposed when the naval
appropriation bill was under consideration the
other day.
The CHAIRMAN". The gentleman is not in
order in discussing the propriety of building a na-
val vessel.
Mr. S TANTON. Well, I am only illustrating
the argument in reference to fortifications.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair cannot enter-
tain an argument of that sort at this stage of the
session.
Mr. STANTON. Well, then, I will proceed
in order. I was going to say that there is no time
to mature a bill in reference to fortifications. I
hope, therefore, that this debate will cease from
this moment, and that we will rise and consider
the naval appropriation bill, which has been re-
turned from the Senate, and which is more im-
portant than the fortification bill. I move that
the committee do now rise.
The question was then taken on Mr. Stanton's
motion, and it was agreed to.
Thecommitteeaccordingly rose, and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the chairman reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union had, according to order, had under con-
sideration the state of the Union generally, and
particularly the fortification bill, and had ffometo
no resolution thereon.
SENATE S AMENDMENTS TO THE NAVAL
APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. 1 move that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
be discharged from the farther consideration of the
naval appropriation bill, and the amendments of
the Senate thereto.
Mr. KING, of New York. I object.
Mr. STANTON. Then I move to suspend the
rules for that purpose.
The motion was agreed to.
The bill and amendments were then taken up
for consideration.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I move the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The 1st, 2d, 3d, and 4th amendments of the Sen-
ate were then non-concurred in.
The 5tb amendment was read, as follows:
" In ert m page 2, after the clause nppropiiating for the
repair of ve«s<els in ordinary, the following .
"Ami the Secretary of the Navy be, and he is hereby, au-
thorized and requited to have completed with the leasi pos-
sible delay, tho wai steamer contractcd for with Robert L.
Steven*, m pursuance ot an act of Congress approved Apnl
14th, 1812, and the balance of the appropi iation heretofore
made, wiiuii has been carried to the credit of the surplus
fund, shall bp used for that purpose."
Mr. DEAN. I call for the yeas and nays on
concuring in the amendment.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. SKELTON. 1 ask for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Hamilton,
and Stanton of Tennessee, were appointed.
The question was then taken,and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 47, noes 70.
So the amendment was not concurred in.
Mr. IIALL moved to reconsider the vote just
taken, and to lay the motion to reconsider upon
the table.
The question was put, and the latter motion
was agreed to.
The 6ih amendment was read:
" fnseit in the bill the following:
And the Secretary of the Navy may, if he deem itpiopor,
cause to be applied, as soon as practicable, to one or more
of the steam vessels belonging to the United States, any
steam condenser which may be found best calculated lor
the purpose of furnishing fresh water to marine boilers, and
loi the use ol -the ciews."
The question was put, and 47 rose in the affirm-
ative.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, demanded tell-
ers; which were ordered ; and Messrs. Goodenow
and Lockhaiit were appointed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask that the
amendment may again be reported.
The amendment was again read.
The question was again put, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 79, noes 40.
Mr. DIMMICK demanded the yeas and nays;
but they were not ordered.
So the amendment was agreed to.
7th amendment. After the following section:
" For lepairs and the erection of buildings at the United
States Naval Academy at Annapolis, Maryland, ^20,000"—
insert:
" For the puicha«e of ground adjoining the premises oc-
cupied by the Naval Academy, extension of the walls, and
making new street and wharf, and changing the front of
buildings, ^^DOO."
The amendment was not agreed to—ayes 17,
noes not counted.  
8th amendment. After the following clause:
" To complete the quarters for the students and profes-ors
of the Naval Academy at Annapolis, the sum of $75,000"—
strike out from the bill the following:
" And hereafter no appointment of nudchpman, acting
midshipman, or pupil atanj naval school in the Navy, shall
be made unless recommended by the member of Congress
representing the district tn which the applicant resides, in the.
same manner that cadets at West Point are n w appointed; j!
and that the Secretary of the Navy is hereby required to
report to Congress ar its second session the number and j!
names ofappoi turnouts to the Naval School winch have been |,
made, and the distiiet and State whence each one comes,
and the number of vacancies then existing at said school, I
with the Concessional district which may be entitled to '
supply them, and a statement of ;he order in which the re- !
mainder of the Congressional districts shall be entitled to ;;
supply all future and accruing vacancies, so far as it may be J
delt-rmined by <-.\isting law, or by circumstances." !:
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is the proposition
now to strike out what has been read?
The SPEAKER. That is the amendment-
Mr. JONES. Well, sir, I hope it will not be
stricken out. |i
Mr. WALSH demanded the yeas and nays;
but they were not ordered.
Mr. CLEVELAND demanded tellers; which
were ordered; and Messrs. Cleveland and Ham-
ilton were appointed.
The question was then put, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 7, noes not counted.
. So the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. WALSH. Will it be in order at this
stage of the proceedings to move that the Com-
mittee of Conference, which shall be appointed
upon this bill, shall insist upon retaining this
amendment?
The SPEAKER. It will not be in order.
The 9th and 10th amendments of the Senate
propose to strike from the following section of the
bill the words in brackets, and insert those in
italics:
" For contingent expenses that inavacciue for the fol-
lowing purposes, viz • fieight and transposition, printing
and stationery, adveiUsmg in new^p.ipeis, books, maps,
models, and drawings, puichase and repair of fire-engines
and machineiy, repairs of and attending to steam engines
in navy-yards, purchase and maintenance of hor-es and
oxen, and during teams cart*, timber-wheels, and the pur-
chase and repair of workmen's tools, postage of public let-
ters, furnituie for Government houses, fuel, oil, and candles
for navy-yards and shore stations, pay of watchmen and
incidental labor, not chargeable to any otbei nppropnation,
labor attending the delivery of stores on [civil] foreign sta-
tions, wharfage, dockage, and rent, traveling expenses of
officers and otheis under oiders, funeral expenses, stoie
and ofliee rent, stationery, fuel, commissions, and pay of
clerks to navy agents and store-keepets, flags awinntrs,
and packing boxes premiums and other expenses of ro-
j cruitnig, apprehending deserter-, per diem pay to persons
attending courts martial and couits of inquiry, and other
set vices authorized by law, pay to judges advocate, pilot-
age and towage of vessels and assistance to vessels m dis-
tress, hills of health and quai amine expenses of vessels of
the United States Navy in foreign ports, $5*37,810.,J
These amendments were severally concurred in.
1 Ith amendment. At the end of the above sec-
tion, insert:
" For contingent expenses not enumerated, §5,GOO.""
The amendment was disagreed to.
12th amendment. After the following section:
cc Foi meteoiological observations, to be.conducted under
the direction of the Secretary of the Navy, ^2,000"—
insert:
"For the payment of the salary of Profe^or .Tames P.
Espv, during the fi-cal year ending June 30th, 1818, no
appropriation having been made by Congress tor that year,
$2,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
The remaining amendments of the Senate, from
thirteen to forty-six inclusive, were severally con-
sidered and rejected bjr the House. [For final
action, see the report of the Committee of Con-
ference.]
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to allow me to take
from the Speaker's table Senate bill No. 48G, en-
titled " An act to constitute the town of Alton, in
the State of Illinois, a port of delivery."
Mr. IIENN. 1 ask the unanimous consent of
the gentleman from Illinois and the House, to al-
low me to take up a bill for the relief of Mrs.
Worth, that a Committee of Conference may be
appointed.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I object.
The Clerk then read Senate bill No. 486 through.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to taking
up the bill just read ?
There was no objection.
The bill was accordingly taken from the Speak-
er's table and read a first and second time by its
title.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move the following
amendment, to come in at the end of the bill:
Hi:c. 2. And be it further enacted, That Buihitgton, in
the State of Iowa, Galena. Tihnots, and KnoxviPe, in the
State of Tennessee, shall be ports ol' delivery, and shall be
subject to the same jegtilations and restnr"tion< as other
poits of delivery in the United State4-; and there shall he
appointed a surveyoi of the customs to reside at each of the
said ports, who shall, in addition to his own duties also per-
form the duties, and receive the salary and emolument of
surveyors pre>cuhed by the act of Congtes-, pa^eJ on the
2d day of Mairh, 1^1. piovidimr foi the payment of duties
on unpolled goods at eeitnin porN therein mentioned, the
same being entitled An Act allowjngthe duties on foreign
merchandise imported into Pittsburg, Wheeling, Cincin-
nati. Louisville, St Louis, X<\-hville, and Natchez, to be
secured and paid at tho^e places " And said Burlington,
Galena, and Knovville, and the said ports of delivery be,
and the same are heteby annexed to, and made part of the
collection distiiet o.'Tw w < n lean®, and all the privileges and.
facilities atbuded to PitNbuis, Wheeling, Cincinnati, Lou-
isville, St Loitw. \a<h\ille, and Natchez, by the act of
Congress last atoiosaul be, and the same are heiebv, ex-
tended to t,aid ports of Burlington, Galena, and Knoxville.
