1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
707
from Missouri, that he is entitled to the floor on the
question of privilege, and that he postpone his re-
marks till the gentleman from New Mexico is in
his seat, that that gentleman, who is not now in
the House, may have a fair chance of putting the
matter right before the House.
Mr. PHELPS, in response to the appeal made
to me by the gentleman from North Carolina, I
will remark that I do not propose to discuss" the
right of the gentleman claiming a seat on this floor
as Delegate from New Mexico, or to express any
opinion on that subject. But I desire merely to
advert to the corrupt conduct of the Government
in the late election held in the Territory of New
Mexico.
Mr. STANLY. That must affect the question
unfavorably, and I, therefore, ask the gentleman
from Missouri to wait until the gentleman from
New Mexico is in his seat.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Do I under-
stand the Chair to overrule my point of order?
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
motion to print is in order, and that being properly
before the House upon a question of privilege,
discussion is in order.
Mr. PHELPS. I desire now to asce ain
whether, if this matter should be postponed till to-
morrow 
Mr JOHNSON, of Georgia, (interrupting.)
Will the gentleman from Missouri permit me to
ask him whether he has in his possession ariV evi-
dence of corruption on the part of the Governor of
New Mcxico ?
Mt*. PHELPS. I do not understand the in-
quiry.
Mr. JOHNSON. I desire to hear the evidence
of this corruption.
Mr. PHELPS. The gentleman from North
Carolina [Mr. Staxly] appeals to me to forego any
discussion upon this subject, because of the ab-
sence of the Delegate from New Mexico, but the
gentleman from Georgia desires me to enter upon
the discussion now. I feel disposed to acquiesce
in the suggestion made by the gentleman from
North Carolina, provided I do not thereby lose
my opportunity to submit the remarks which I
design ro make.
The SPEAKER. This being a question of
privilege, in the opinion of the Chair, the een-
tleman can call it up hereafter, and at any time he
chooses.
Mr. PHELPS. Very well, sir; then I will give
way now.
[Here the subject was dropped.]
The question then recurred on the motion of the
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Johnson,] thai
the rules be suspended and the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, for the purpose of taking up the spe-
cial order.
Mr. BROOKS. Before that motion is put, I
wish to ask the gentleman from Tennessee, when
he intends to bring this debate to a close ? My
reason for making the inquiry is, that there lies
behind the special order an appropriation bill with-
out which the Government cannot be carried on
much longer. If that bill is not speedily passed,
the army will have to be withdrawn from Cali-
fornia, New Mexico, and Oregon.
Mr. JOHNSOxNT, of Tennessee. I will say, in
reply to the gentleman from New York, that, if I
understand thetemperof theHouse,thereisa very
considerable disposition to make some speeches
upon the bill which is the special order, and to
make some speeches upon matters and things in
general—for Buncombe.
So far as I am concerned, individually, I should
like the speeches to be confined ro the subject-mat-
ter of the bill itself* and to have speedy action
upon it. The argument seems to have some
weight with many members on this floor, that-the
deficiency bill is behind this bill, and that it is im-
portant that that bill should be passed. Now,
those who are familiar with the practice of this
House know that we could at any time, by unani-
mous consent, pass by informally the bill which
is now under consideration, and "take up the defi-
ciency bill; but then the same amount of time
would be consumed in making political speeches
on the presidential question on thatbiil as on this.
The question then comes up, Had we not better
go on regularly ? The gas which has to be thrown
off may, perhaps, as well be thrown off on this
bill as on any other.
I am fully aware that the deficiency bill ought
to pass; but, at the same time, I think it more
important that a bill should pass providing homes
for the thousands of homeless in the United States
than all the deficiency'bills that could be origin-
ated from t'his time to the close of the session.
I look upon that as a highly important bill.
Permit me to say, in conclusion, that I have no
disposition to consume the time of the House, and
thereby delay the public business. I want to see
Congress take speedy, efficient, and early action
upon all those measures which pertain to the pub-
lic good. So far as this deficiency bill is con-
cerned, perhaps it ouffht to pass; but, at thesame
time, I think it would be one of the best things
that could happen to this Government if many of
these Departments could be put upon bread and
water for a short time, and they wbuld then, per-
Ny|ps, suggest some means or plan by which the
"penses of the Departments could be retrenched
and the public expenditures diminished. J shall
be willing, however, to agree that the debate shall
be stopped at anv reasonable time.
Mr. HOUSTON. What is the question before
the House ?
The SPEAKER. It is on the motion to go
into Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union on the special order.
Mr. BROOKS. I rise to a privileged question.
I move the usual resolution for closing debate on
the special order at two o'clock on Thursday
next.
The SPEAKER. The question is not in order
pending the motion to go into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. BROOKS. I understand the gentleman
yields me the floor for that purpose.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have no objection to the
resolution being introduced, as indicated by the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Brooks,] if it is
the wish of the House.
[Mr. WTLDRTCK, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported, as correctly enrolled, an
act for the relief of Lieutenant Colonel Mitchell,
of the State of Missouri; the act for the relief of
Rufus Dwinel; and the act extending the time for
selling the lands granted to the Kentucky Asylum
for teaching the Deaf and Dumb; which bills sev-
erally received the signature of the Speaker.]
Mr. HOUSTON. I was going to appeal to the
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Johnson] and
the House to allow the special order to be passed
by for the present, and take up the deficiency bill,
which I have been pressing for several days.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I object to that most de-
cidedly.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman from North
Carolina will have time enough to object when I
have concluded my remarks.
With the permission of the House, I desire to
have a communication read which I have received j
this morning," stating the fact that the Government '
drafts are now being protested for want of funds ]
to redeem them; and it will involve an immense
cost to the Government, if they do not either recall j
the army or grant means in some way or other to
prevent these £reat losses. j.
The SPEAKER. The communication can only '!
be read by unanimous consent.
Several Members objected.
Mr. HOUSTON. Well, I have only this to j
say: The gentleman from Mississippi [Mr. Wil- ^
cox] who is entitled to the floor m Committee of j
the Whole on the state of the Union,.can get the '!
floor and make his speech just as well upon the j!
deficiency bill
Mr. WILCOX. I did not object. [i
Mr. HOUSTON. I did not understand the [!
gentleman as objecting. I again appeal to the !i
House to pass by the special order, and allow us
to go into Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union upon the deficiency bill. J-
jj Mr. RICHARDSON. Has'not the morning i
i hour expired? :i
'I The SPEAKER. It has. p
Mr. RICHARDSON. I move that the House ;
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole on the
;! state of the Union. 11
The SPEAKER. That motion is already pend-"
ing. !
Mr. BROOKS. The gentleman from Tennes-
\ see [Mr. Johnson] yielded the floor for me to
is make the motion to close debate upon the special ;
j' order. 1
Mr. JOHNSON. I did not intend to yield the
floor for that purpose.
Mr. BROOKS. Very well, then; if T have not
the floor, of course I cannot make the motion.
The question was then put upon the motion to
go into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, and carried in the affirmative.
HOMESTEADS.
The House accordingly resolved itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Hibbard in the chair,) and resumed the
consideration of the special order, being House
bill No. 7, for the encouragement of agriculture,
commerce, manufactures, and other branches of
industry, by granting to every man, &c., one
hundred and sixty acres of land.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Mis-
sissippi [Mr. Wilcox] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. I ask the gen-
tleman from Mississippi to yield the floor, in order
to enable me to offer an amendment.
Mr. WILCOX. I wiil yield for that purpose.
Mr. HARRIS. I then move to strike out all
after the first section of the substitute of Mr.
Bkown, of Mississippi, for the bill, and insert the
following:
Strike out all after the first section of the substitute, and
insert:
Sec. 2. Be it further enactcd, Q'c.j That all of the lands
of the United States !>ing within any State of thi* Union,
which were subject to entry on the first flay of July, eigh-
teen hundred and fiftv-one, and have not since been sold,
shall be subject to entry foractual settlmentand cultivation,
foi anv quantify not exceeding one hundred and sixty acres,
as follows, viz: all of Mich lands which, on that day, had
been subject to entry ten years, and not exceeding twenty
years, nia> be entered under this act, at the pi ice of one
doUar pe " aeie ; all of «ueh lands winch had been subject to
entry tvventv years, and not exceeding thirty years, may be
enteied at the piic'c of seventy five cents per acre; all of
such land-1? which had been subject to cntiv thirty jears,
maybe entered at the price of fift\ centf per acre; all of
such land? which had been subject to entry Jecs than ten
vearson said firn day of July, eighteen hundred and fiffy-
one, which shall not he *old under the exiting lows within
ten years thereafter, shall, after that time, be subject to en-
tiyas aforesaid at the price of one dollar per acre. And
when any of the aforesaid lands shall have remained ten
years subject ro entry, at any ofthe reduced rates aforesaid,
without being sold, the price thereof for entry under this
act, dunnjr Hie next ten years, shall be reduced tvvent>-five
cents per acre ; and such reduction of twenty-five cent* per
acre continue to be made cveiy ten years, until such lands
shall be sold, or the pucc thereof leduced to twenty-five
cents pei acie. And on any day appointed, as aforesaiH,
for the reduction of the price of the said public lands any
other lands ofthe United States, lying within the said States,
nor-subject to entrv on the fust day of July, 1851, which
shall have been subject to entrv ten years orupwaid«on any
such future day for reducing the puces, as aforesaid, shall
be subject to a like reduction of twenty five cents per acre,
which reduction shall be tepcated every ten \ears, until the
land< shall be sold, or the pnee reduced to twenty-five cents
per acre : Provided, however. That no lands shall be con-
sidered as entered under this act unless the piice at which
it is entered is less than $1 per acre : Jind provided,
further, That no alternate sections or mineral lands, which
have boen or may be reserved by tlie United States, shall be
enteied undoi this act.
Sec. 3. J3nd he it further enacted, That the person ma-
king entiy, or application for cntiy. undei this act, at a
price less than §1 25 pci acre, shall first make an affidavit
before the register hi receiver of the land ofiico where the
entry i« piopo^ed to be made, that the said applicant enters,
and pioposes to enter, the same ior his own use and bene-
fit, for settlement and cultivation bj and fos himself or her-
self; and that the said applicant ha ? made Tto entry under
the provisions of this ac , which, with the additional entry
then proposed to be made, will make the whole quantity so
entered, and piopu&ed to be enteied, exceed one hundred
and sixtj acre*.
The amendment was read.
Mr. WILCOX addressed the committee during
his hour. He remarked that he had nothing to
say in regard to the bill pending before the com-
mittee, but had a far more important question, at
least to him and to the people whom he represent-
ed, to speak of. He regretted the necessity which
impelled him to refer to the compromise of the
last Congress, but he would premise by saying
that he was here as a Jackson, Union Democrat,
as contradistinguished from a Secession, Disunion
Democrat. He then proceeded to justify the ad-
mission of California, Utah, and New Alexicoj
referred to the efforts of the secessionists in the
South to create a dissolution of the Union and
build up a Southern Confederacy; and declared
the Democratic party to be the constitutional
Union party. He denied the constitutional right
of any State to secede: and in conclusion, addressed
a few" remarks to gentlemen of the North. He
said that if the time should ever come when the
; Union should be dissolved, and when the stairy
1 ila°" of our country should be toni asunder; this
