mm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 25,
no-evidence to show that any other persons had
any considerable property. They were all re-
quired; however, forthwith to abandon their prop-
erty and the country, and remove back into the
State of Arkansas. They did so, and the Indians
entered upon the possession of their valuable prop-
erty, and they have it now. And there, too, are
the salt Kettles—whether they were worth much
or little after seven years' use—still used by the
Indians. These Indians now enjoy all the prop-
erty and all the improvements made by Mark and
Richard H. Bean, and the possession of that prop-
erty constituted no small part of the consideration
on account of which the Indians abandoned their
country in Arkansas, and accepted of the territory
granted to them on the west of the State, because
they acquired a most valuable property, while that
which they abandoned was worth little to them in
Arkansas, as they were then situated.
Now, as to their legal claim for indemnity for
their losses, the very act of Congress which
passed subsequent to the treaty of 1828, recog-
nizes and establishes the claim of all persons occu-
pying lands in that country to remuneration for
their property. That act gave to each of the set-
tlers three hundred and twenty acres of land in
exchange for the land that he abandoned. It was
accepted, and considered a fair compensation to
all the other settlers. Not so, however, with the
Messrs. Bean. The other settlers were persons
who had settled, perhaps, on a forty acre, or
eighty acre lot, or, perhaps, on a quarter section,
with a little cabin erected on it, and all the im-
provements which they had made respectively
would not, probably, exceed $200 or 0300 in
value. On the contrary, these gentlemen had a
large establishment,, which, in the estimation of
some of the witnesses, was worth $30,000. All
concurred in representing it to be worth §15,000,
at least. If, then, the Government undertook to
compensate settlers there by granting them land
for the other property which was taken away
from them, it recognized the right of all the settlers
to claim compensation from the Government; and
when it is proved that these gentlemen, by their
labor, and the investment, had accumulated prop-
erty worth $15,000,1 ask what obstruction is there
in the way of granting them compensation? We
have recognized the right by paying, in part; and
they come forward and prove that their losses
were much larger than they had been paid for,
and request payment of the difference. If they
had no right to any compensation, why pay any
portion of the losses? You cannot drive them
from their property without remunerating them
for it, and you have exhibited a disposition to do
so; but you made an error in estimating the value
of the property, and made a grant of three hun-
dred and twenty acres of land as remuneration for
what they prove, beyond dispute, to hnve been
worth $15,000, and what some have estimated ns
being worth $30,000.
The value of the property may well be inferred,
as the Senator from Kentucky supposes, from the
statement of the overseer of the works; but that
statement does not warrant the inference which
the Senator seemed disposed to draw from it, that
it proved the amount of profits derivable from
the work from its commencement up to the time
when it was abandoned, but solely what the
profits were after all obstructions were removed
out of the way, and when they had a fair field for
their labor. They would then have made money,
and had, at that time, commenced to makemoney,
as they manufactured thirty-five bushels of salt
per day, and sold it at a dollar a bushel, while
the manual labor employed cost only twenty-five
cents pgr bushel. But in all the time previous to
1826, they not only had to pay the twenty-five
cents per bushel, but also to protect themselves
from the depredations of the Indians; from that
cause they frequently lost all their stock, render-
ing it necessary to suspend all operations for
weeks, while engaged in recovering it. The state-
ment of the overseer proves the value of the prop-
erty after that time; it proves that thirty-five
bushels per day were then manufactured, that it
was valued at a dollar a bushel, and cost the
Messrs. Bean only twenty-five cents in the prepa-
ration. ,
I might say a groat deal more on this subject,
but I have stated the facts, substantially, and am
unwilling to occupy the time of the Senate any
longer. Unless the Senator from Kentucky de-
sires to prolong the discussion, I am willing to
allow the decision to be taken now.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I will make one or two
remarks in reply to my friend from Arkansas;
but I will be very brief, The point between the
Senator from Arkansas and myself, and the argu-
ment which both of us have made, reduces this
whole matter to a nut-shell. I agree with him,
that if we are bound to pay the full value of the
three hundred and twenty acres of land contain-
ing this salt well, that $15,000 is not too much
according to the testimony we have on the sub-
ject. But I take issue with him just at that point.
If we are bound to pay the full value of the land,
and the improvements upon it, with this salt well
included, I think it is worth §15,000; but [ deny
that we are bound to do any such thing, according
to his own argument. Here are the facts about
which we do not differ: These gentlemen discover
a saline, and they obtain permission from the In-
dians, as well as from Major Bradford, to improve
it. But that improvement is the improvement of
the property of other people; it is improving the
property of the Indians; it is improving the prop-
erty of the United States. Well, when the In-
dians and the United States ultimately determine
that they will not sell this property, or let these
improvers have it; and when they say, that for the
little improvements we will give you a tract of
three hundred and twenty acres of land, I ask, are
we to pay for the value of the saline which has
been discovered upon that land, and upon which
land some small clearings and some improvements
have been made in the way of erecting sheds, &c. ?
The error of my friend from Arkansas is just this:
That after these gentlemen discovered this saline,
and built their sheds to put up their kettles, he
thinks that gives them a right to the property, and
makes it individual property; and then when you
take it away, he thinks you ought to pay the
whole value for the fee simple. Now, I say, if
you have to pay the value of the fee simple,
^15,000 is little enough; but the error is in regard-
ing these persons as the owners of the fee simple.
They never had it. They settled on the land, the
usufruct of which was in the Indians, and the
ultimate domain of which was in the United
States; and when the Indian title was extin-
guished, the United States never did let them have
the fee simple. Now, my friend from Arkansas
calls upon us to pay for what they never had, the
fee simple. If that is the true ground, and we
are bound to pay for the fee simple, $15,000 is
little enough. But I deny that we are bound to
pay for property that never belonged to these peo-
ple, and the use of which was conceded to them
by the Indians and the United States. That is all.
If we are bound to make any compensation for
improvements—and the Government seems to have
recognized the principle of making compensation
for improvements after —if would be simply
for those improvements which were put there be-
tween ]826 and 1828. The Government has acted
as though there was some obligation to compen-
sate for improvements which the Government had
invited them to make, and afterwards told them to
abandon. It was done in the case of the other
settlers there, and of the Messrs. Bean also. They
accepted the land which the Government gave
them for the improvements they had made under
the invitation of the Government, and which they
were required fo surrender.
But how should that make the Government
liable for improvements made before 1826, which
were commenced in 1821, and which were used
by these people by the mere permission of the In-
dians and of the United States, and for the sole
benefit of the persons who made the improve-
ments ? If you have to pay at all, you must pay
for all the improvements, the sheds, the kettles,
the clearing of the land, and the value of the log
cabins, for I think the testimony in the case speaks
of two cabins. But my friend's claim does not
go to that extent and stop there; he goes beyond
that, and claims pay for the fee-simple in all this
land. I will yield, if that is the sense of the Sen-
ate. I think the §15,000 is little enough, if that
is the proper claim.
Mr. BADGER. Let us try the sense of the
Senate,
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Yes, one word, and I
will be glad, to try the sense of the Senate. Why
has this claim been postponed for twenty years?
Government has settled all matters relating to all
other claims for land in that territory. Major
Bradford is in his grave, and cannot tell us any-
thing about it. Then why is this claim brought
forward now, when the officer who is said to have
given these persons permission to occupy the land
has been gone to his long home more than twenty
years, and we cannot get at the evidence on that
point ? It does seem to me as if this claim ought
not to be granted.
Mr. HALE. It does not seem that we are likely
to get rid of these kettles, or of the Beans either,
to-day, and I therefore move that the Senate ad-
journ.
Mr. BADGER. I hope the Senator will with-
draw that motion, for this reason: if we adjourn,
we shall have the same thing over again next Fri-
day, and so on, die ad diem, until the end of the
session.
Mr. HALE. If we could get rid of it before
the die ad diem, I would withdraw it, but I see
that we cannot. I see that my friend from Ar-
kansas wishes to say another word, and I know
that my friend from Kentucky will not permit it
to go without a reply. I therefore think we had
better adjourn.
Mr. BORLAND, I hope the Senator will with-
draw the motion.
Mr. HALE. I withdraw it.
Mr. BORLAND. I have nc^, speech to make,
but I merely wish to read a short letter, which I
think will -answer the last speech of the Senator
from Kentucky, upon the question of the right of
these persons to occupy the land which they did,
and will show the circumstances under whicn they
were there at the time the treaty was made. It is
as follows?
General Land OrFicE, J2pril 27,1852.
Sir: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of
youi communication of the 97th ultimo, enclosing a report
of the Committee on Public Lands, of the Senate, on the
petition ot Mnrk and Richaid H. Bean, claiming indemnity
tor the loss of their improvement and salt works, neai the
junction of the Illinois and Arkansas rivers, which were
embraced wjthmthe country ceded to the Cheiokeesby (he
treaty of 23d May, 1828 ; and requesting to be advised how
and when the tract of country including their settlements
acquired by the United States, under what laws its
occupancy was regulated until 1826, and liow u was then
thrown open to settlement by the white people ?
In answer, I have the honor to state: That this land was
first purchased by the treaty concluded September 25, 1818,
with the Great and Little O-agoe; and subsequently by the
treaty concluded with the same Indians, on the 2d of June,
182.3, by which the Indian title to the lands between the
Aikan-sasand Kansas livers, west of the present boundaries
ofMissomi and Arkansas, was extinguished. Trior to those
tieaties its occupancy was regulated by the laws regulating
the trade and intercourse with Indian tribes. Longpnorto
this last mentioned cession, the Government bad adopted
the system of encouiaging the settlement ot the public lands
by gianting preemption rights to those who should settle on
and improve tliein.
The fifth section of the act of April 12, 1814, (Laws and
Instructions, part I., p. 244,) was considered applicable to
the whole ot the lands m the then Territories of Arkansas
and Missouri; but afterwards was held to apply only to
lands therein to which the Indian title had been extin-
guished.
The fouuer construction will appear by reference to the
act of 2fith May. 1824, (.same volume, p. 380,) by which a
preemption light to a quaiter section of land was granted
to ever} person who wa> entitled, under the act of 1814, to
a light ot prei-mption to any land in that part of Arknnsas,
and ceded to the Chetokees by the tteafy of 1817, and which
is a part of the country now under consideration. It was
held, however, by the Attorney General, that a preemption
could not attach to any land occupied by Indians at the pas-
sage of the law granting preemptions.
[It does not apply to this. This was land that
had been obtained from the Indians before that
time.]
The whole of this country, however, was thrown open
to t-ettleiuent under the general policy of the Government
by the promulgation of the treaty ot 1825 aforesaid; and
although not subject to the operations of the act of 1814 in
view ot the opinion of the Attorney General aforesaid, be-
cause at the passage of that law the lauds were in posses-
sion of the Osages, yet those lands would have been sub-
ject to the operations oi the act of 29th May, 1830, if they
had not previously been granted to the Cherokee®.
f have not been able, after the mo*t dihjrent >eaich and
inquiry, to learn how this region obtained the name of the
" Lovely Puieliast."
Wuh gieat lespect, vonr obedient servant,
J. BUTTERF1ELD, Commissioner.
Hon. Solon Borland,
United Slates Senate, Washington, D. C.
Mr. BAYARD. I desire to ask a question of
the Senator from Arkansas in reference to this
matter. It appears, from the statement of the
petitioners, that other persons were excluded from
the tract known as the {< Lovely Purchase" up to
1826. If that were so, they must have gone there
in violation of the laws of the United States; and
I do not know of any authority which Major
