1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
*2485
SALARIED OF OFFICERS OF THE HOUSE.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to offer the resolution which
I send to the Clerk's desk.
The Clerk read the resolution, viz:
Resolved, That there be paid out of the contingent fund
of the House to the Sergeaot-at-Arms, Doorkeeper, and
Postmaoter, such sums in addition to their present salaries,
as will make their compensation, respectively, equal to that
of the Chief Clerk under the Cierk of the House of Rep
resentatives, which is $1,800 per annum, commencing with
the present Congress.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object to the
introduction of that resolution.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Then I move to sus-
pend the rules; and on that motion, I call for
tellers
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Goodrich,
and Stanton of Tennessee, were appointed.
The question was then put, and tne tellers re-
ported—ayes 87, noes 36.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask for the yeas
and nays. We have already increased these sal-
aries- 
[Cries of " Order !"]
Mr. JONES. Wehavegiven these officers 
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I call the gentleman
to Order.
The SPEAKER. Discussion is not in order,
as the gentleman from Tennessee is aware.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. GOODENOW. I desire to ask for inform-
ation, if the salaries of these officers have not al-
ready been increased ?
[Cries of " Order!"]
The question was then taken on the motion to
suspend the rules, and there were—yeas 100, nays
43; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Charles Ailen, Averett, Babcock, Bibig-
liaus, Bowie, John H. Hoyd, Breckinridge, Brenton, Bnggs,
Albert G. Brown, George H.Brown, Joseph Cable, Cald-
well, Lewis D. Campbell, Thompson Campbell, Cartter,
Chandler, Churehwell, Cleveland, Clmgman, Conger, Cur,
tis, George T. Davis, Dawson, Dean, Dunmick, D.>ty, Dur-
kee, Eastman, Ednmudson, Evans, Faulkner, Floience-
Freeman, Henry M. Fuller, Gamble, Gaylord, Gentry, Gii-
more, Goodenow,Goodnch, Gorman,Green, Harper, Samp-
son W. Harris, Hart, Henn, Holladav, Ifor.-i'ord, Timing Y.
ifow, In^ersoll, Jackson, John Johnson, Robert W John-
son, J. Glaney Jones, Kurt/,, I.audry, Loekliarr,M.lnn, \Te-
Corkl°, McNair, McU'ieen, Miller, Millson, Morrison, Mur-
phy, Mtiriay. Andrew Parker, Samuel VV. Paiker, Peaslee,
Penn, Polk, Porter, P.iweil, Price, Riddle. Robie, Sackett,
Schoolcraft, Schoonmaker, Scudder, Scurry, Frederick P.
Stanton, ltichaid 11. Stanton, Stone, St. Martin, Sfother,
Stuart, Sutherland, Sweetser, Taylor, Thompson, Towns-
liend, Venable, Wallace. Walsh, Watkins, Addison White,
Alexander White, and Woodward—100.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Barrere, Beale, Chastain, Cobb,
Daniel, Dockery, Erigerton, Floyd, Grey, Hall, Hamilton,
Hammond, Isliam G. Harns, Hat-call, Haven, Houston, John
W. Howe. Ives, Jenkins, Andrew Johnson, Daniel T. Jones,
George W. Jones. Gcoige G. King, Preston King, Letehor,
Martin, Mason, McMulIln, Molony, Henry D. Moore, More-
head, Newton, Penniman, Perkins, Ross, Savage, Skelton,
Benjamin Stanton, Wnlbridge, Washburn, Wilcox, and
Wildriek—43.
So (two thirds voting in the affirmative) the
rules were suspended.
The question recurred upon agreeing to the j
resolution. !
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I will make but a
single remark.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi. I ask the gen-
tleman to yield me the floor for a moment, that I
may move an amendment for one of the little boys
upon the floor, who has been here during a great
part of the session, and is the best and most active
boy in the House.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I will yield to the
gentleman for that purpose.
Mr. BROWN. Then I move to amend the
resolution by adding thereto the following:
And that William Norman, who has been acting as page
on the floor ot the House of Representatives, be placed on
the same footing with the regular pages and paid the same
compensation, commencing on the 24th of'Maich last.
I have put in the 24th of March because that
was the day he came on the floor.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I should like
to know how this additional page got in here, and
how it happens that he is not provided for?
Mr. BROWN. He has been performing the
duties of a page, and my amendment simply asks
that he shall be paid.
Mr. JOHNSON. Who brought him in here?
How is it that he is not paid as the other pages
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. 1 will simply state
to the House that the salary of the Sergeant-at-
Arms, of the Postmaster, and of the Doorkeeper is |
only $1,500—the same salary that is paid to the
copying and engrossing clerks, and $300 less than j
you pay to the Chief Clerk under the Clerk of this I
House. I need not tell this House that the Ser- !
geant-at-Arms disburses a million of dollars a
year, and that his duties are more responsible and j
important than those of any other officer of the
House, and yet he receives a less salary than the
Clerk of the House. The object of this resolution
is to raise the salaries of these officers to $1,800,
which is the salary received by the Chief Clerk
under the Clerk of the House. I move the pre- \
vious question.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to lay the !
resolution upon the table. j
The question was put upon that motion, and it
was decided in the negative.
So the House refused to lay the resolution upon :
the table.
The previous question was then seconded, and
the main question ordered to be put.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment, and it was agreed to.
The question recurred upon the resolution as i
amended, and being put, the resolution as amended
was adopted.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi. I rise to a priv-
ileged question. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was agreed to, and also
move to lay the motion to reconsider upon the ,
table.
The question was taken upon the latter motion,
and it was agreed to. 1
Mr. GAMBLE. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Elections to "offer the resolution which I
send to the Clerk's desk; and if there be objection
to it, I move to suspend the rules.
HOUR OF MEETING TO-MORROW.
Mr. DEAN. I rise to a privileged question. |
I move that when this House adjourns, it ad- j!
journ to meet at nine o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. JENKINS. I object to that motion.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I move to suspend the
rules to enable the gentleman from New York to
submit his motion.
The SPEAKER. There is a motion now pend-
ing to suspend the rules, made by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Gamble,] to enable him
to offer the resolution which will now be read.
Mr. DEAN. I rise to a question of order, and
my question of order is, that it is in order at all
times to fix the time to which the House will ad-
journ without suspending the rules.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the '
point of order raised by the gentleman from New
York. The rule to which the gentleman refers
allows the House to fix the day to which the
House will adjourn, but not to change the hour.
Mr. DEAN. Then I move that the House do ,
now adjourn.
Mr. McMULLIN. I move that the House take
a recess until to-morrow morning at. ten o'clock.
The SPEAKER. That motion cannot be en- ,
tertained, for there is a motion pending that the ■
House do now adjourn.
Mr. McMULLIN. I ask the gentleman from
New York to withdraw his motion to enable me
to submit the one I have indicated.
Mr. DEAN. I cannot withdraw it.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I imagine that
if the House will agree, by universal consent, to
meet at nine o'clock to-morrow, the gentleman ;
from New York will withdraw his motion for the
present.
[Cries of "Object!"]
The question was then taken on Mr. Dean's
motion, and on a division, there were—ayes 68,
noes 75. ;
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. McMULLIN. I move that the Hojjp
take a recess till to-morrow at ten o'clock.
The SPEAKER. The motion can only be en-
tertained by unanimous consent.
Objection was made.
The question recurred on the proposition of Mr.
Gambie. to suspend the rules for the introduction
of the following' resolution from the Committee on
Elections:
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House be directed to as-
certain the expenses of the contested-election case for
the eleventh Congressional district of Pennsylvania, neces-
sarily incurred bv^tfre sitting member and contestant, and
pay Jhe same out of the contingent fund of the House; and
that the Sergeant-at-Arms be authorized and directed to pay
to Hendnck B. Wright the same per diem and mileage paid
to members of this Hmi.-e, from tne first day of the session
to tne 2d day of July inclusive.
Mr.LETCHER. I demand the yeas and nays
upon the motion to suspend the rules.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. GAMBLE. With the consent of the
House 1 will so modify my resolution as to leave
out the second provision.
Objection was made.
The question was then taken, and the result
was—yeas 60, nays 83; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, A«he, Bragg, Busby, Chandler,
Chastain, Churehwell, Clark, Cleveland, Curtis, George
T. Davis, Dimmick, Edmundson3 Florence, Floyd, Free-
man, Gamble, Gayiord, Gentry, Gilmoie, Hall, Hamilton,
Sampson W. Harris, Hart, Hendricks, Henn, Ilolladay,
Howard, Tngeisoll, Robert VV. Johnson, J. Giancy Jones,
Preston King, Kurtz, McNair, McQueen, Morrison, Mur-
ray, Andrew Parker, Peas>Iee, Polk, Powell, Richardson,
Riddle, Robbing, Ross, Schermeihorn, Schoolcraft, Schoon-
maker, Scurry, Frederick P. Stanton,Richard H. Stanton.
St. Martin, Strother, Sutherland, Thurston, Townshend,
Walsh, Wilcox, and Wildriek—60.
jVAYS—Messrs. Charles Allen, Allison, Averett, Bab-
cock, Barrere. Bocock, Bowie, Bowne,J. H. Boyd,Bren-
ton, Bnggs,G. H. Brown, Buell,Burrows,Caldwell,Thomp-
son Campbell, Cartter, Chapman, Clingman, Cobb, Conger,
Daniel, Dean, Disnev, Dockery, Doty, Durkee, Eastman,
Edgerton, Ewing, Faulkner, Goodenow, Goodrich, Grey,
Hammond, Uaiper, Isliam G. Harris, Haven, Tiebard,
Horcford, John W. Howe, Thomas Y. How, Jenkins, Dan-
iel T. Jones, George W. Jones, George G. King, Kuhns,
Landry, Letcher, Lockhart, Mann, Martin, McMuilin,
Meade, Miller, Millson, John Moore, Morehead, Newton,
Outlaw, Samuel W. Parker, Penniman, Perkins, Phelps,
Porter, Reed, Robie, Sackett, Scudder,David L. Seymour,
Stanly, Benjamin Stanton, Alexander II. Stephens, Stuart,
Thompson, Tuck, Walbridge, Wallace, Washburn, Wat-
kins, Wells, and Woodward—83.
So the rules were not suspended.
Mr. DEAN. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That when this House adjourns, it adjourn to
meet at nine o'clock to-morrow morning.
Mr. POLK. I object.
Mr. DEAN. I move to suspend the rules.
Mr. STUART. Before that vote is taken, in
order that we may have three hours to complete
the necessary business of the House, I desire the
unanimous consent of the House that the special
order for the morning hour shall be dispensed
with.
[Cries of'Agreed!" "Agreed."]
Mr. FICKLIN. I object.
Mr. DEAN. I then insist upon my motion to
suspend the rules.
The question was taken, and (two thirds voting
in the affirmative) the rules were suspended.
The question then recurred upon the adoption
of the resolution, and being put it was carried in
the affirmative, and the resolution was adopted.
Mr. DEAN. I move to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted, and to lay the
motion to reconsider on the table.
The question was put, and the latter motion
was agreed to.
Mr. STUART. It is evident that if we are to
dispose of all our business to-morrow morning,
we must have at least three hours to do it in. I
again ask the unanimous consent of the House to
dispense with the rule which requires that we
should devote one hour in the morning to the con-
sideration of other business; and if it is objected
to, I will move to suspend the rules.
Mr. KING, of New York. I object.
Mr. STUART. I move to suspend the rules,
to enable me to submit that motion.
Mr. FICKLIN. Is it in order to move to sus-
pend the rules'
The SPEAKER. It is in order.
Mr. FLORENCE. I rise to a question of or-
der. We are now acting under a suspension of
the rules during the morning hour, and I submit
that it is not in order to move to suspend the rules
to suspend the morning hour.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will inform the
gentleman from Pennsylvania that what the House
may do by a majority of two thirds, they may undo
by the same majority.
Thequestion was then put, and (two thirds voting
in the affirmative) the rules were suspended.
Mr. STUART. I nowsubmit my motion, that
the rule which requires that we shall devote one
hour in the morning to the reception of reports,
be suspended.
