710
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 10,
must proceed with my remarks, however unpre-
pared 1 may be.
He then proceeded, and addressed the Senate
upwards of ttvo hours m support of the bill. A
report of his speech will be found in the Appen-
dix.
Mr. CASS next obtained the floor; bat gave
way at the request of Senators, arid^ the further
. consideration of the bill was postponed until to-
morrow.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of Executive business; and, after a short time so
engaged, the doors were reopened,
And the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, March 10,1852.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Rev. C. M. Butler.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. MOOSE, of Louisiana, by unanimous
consent, presented certain joint resolutions of the
Legislature of Louisiana; which were referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. I aslc the unani-
mous consent of the House to print the amend-
ment which I offered yesterday, as an amendment
to the substitute proposed by the gentleman from
Mississippi, [Mr. Bkown,] for the bill of my col-
league, [Mr. Johnson.] 1 will state to the House
that my amendment proposes to graduate the price
of public lands. I desire that it should be piinted,
that it may go before the Committee of the Whole,
when they (akeuptliat measure for action uponit.
There being no objection, the motion was ad-
mitted and agreed to.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. LANE, by unanimous consent, introduced
the following bills, of which previous notice had
been given, which were read the first and second
time by their titles, and referred as indicated be-
low, viz:
A bill for the relief of George B. Abernethy.
Referred to ihe Committee of Claims.
A bill for the relief of J. P. Gaines. Referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs.
A bill for the relief of C. M. Walker. Referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
A bill to amend an actentitled " An act to create
the office of Surveyor General of the Public Lands
in Oregon, and to provide for the survey, and to
make donations to the settlers of the said public
lands. Referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
A bill to amend the act entitled "An act estab-
lishing the territorial government of Oiegon. Re-
ferred to the Committee on Territoi ics.
Also, a joint resolution relatne to the seat of
government forthe Territory of Oregon. Referred
to the Committee on Territories.
_ Mr. LANE. I also beg leave to introduce a
simple resolution askinginfoimation of the Presi-
dent.
The resolution was then read for information, as
follows:
Resolvctl, That the President of tile United States he
requested to lay before tin* House a copv of the correspond-
ence with General J. 1'. Gaines, Governor of the Ten Hoi y !
of Oregon, relatne to the location and establishment ol the j
fteat of govprniwn r (or said Territory. j
Mr. CLINGA1AN. I do not object to the gen- ■
tleman's resolution, but I wish to ask him  
Mr. HOUSTON. I call for the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. The introduction of the res-
olution is objected to. The regular business in
order, is the call upon committees for reports.
THE EXTENSION OF THE CAPITOL.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I have a right to move a
of" t!ie ru'es t0 s° nito'Committee of
the Whole upon the special order. I shall not do
it unless gentlemen are willing upon all sides to
take tip those special orders made for to-day, being-
the bills for the continuation of the work' on the
Capitol, and m relation to the reconstruction of
the Library. I am wilbng-, if there be no objec-
tion, and if my fuetul from Tennessee [Mr. John-
son] is willing that his land bill should go over, to
take up those two bills, which will occupy but
little time. We ought certainly to make an ap-
propriation for the Library. We all feel the want
of it, and we had better make an appropriation at
once, and let the men go to work. We ought also
; to appropriate the necessary money to continue
i the work on the extension of the Capitol, if that
i work is to go on. Why not let it progress, and
i thus provide employment for the laborers who
| have been induced to came hereunder an implied
| assurance of continuous employment?
| Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman from North
! Carolina [Mr. Clingmajj] objected yesterday to
I taking up the deficiency bill, when the drafts of
1 the Government are being protested and dishon-
i ored; and when the cost of the Government for
! the provisions necessary to supply the Army are
' in consequence greatly increased. I think It is of
! much more importance to transact that sort of
: legislation, than to take up the bill for the exten-
< sion of the Capitol.
i Mr. KING, of New York. I call the gentle-
! man to order.
j The SPEAKER. This conversation is not in
1 order.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Do T understand the gen-
tleman from Alabama as objecting; to my motion?
Mr. KING. It is no matter whether he does
or not, the motion is in order.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I move to suspend the
rules, and go into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
GENERAL JESUP.
Mr. MACE. I made a few remarks the other
day upon the bill forthe relief of the heirs of Gen-
1 eral Watson, growing out of an alleged claim he
i had against the Government, on account of the
' purchase which he made of certain slaves captured
by the Cherokees in the Seminole war. During
these remarks, I incidentally alluded to the capture
of Osceola 
Mr. CLINGMAN. I insist that it is not a
question of privilege.
Mr. MACE. I will let the gentleman know it
is a question of privilege.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I beg pardon.
Mr. MACE. During these remarks T cast, by
implication, a censure upon one of the most meri-
torious officers now,oAvho has been, in the Army
of the United States. I allude to General Jesup.
General Jesup was the commanding officer at——
Mr. CLINGMAN. I think it is clear that this
is no privileged question—one thatis acknowledged
by the rules—and can only come in by general
consent.
The SPEAKER. The Chair must enforce the
rules, and say to the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Mace,] that he does not regard the point he
has made as involved in a question of privilege.
The question pending is to suspend the rules.
Mr. MACE. Is there any objection to my pro-
! ceedmg?
I Mr. CLINGMAN. There is. Let the gentle-
| man reply through the papers.
1 Mr. MACE. I will simply say that I did not
! intend to do General Jcsup, upon that occasion,
! any injustice whatever. I consider him a high-
I minded, liberal man-—a man deserving the confi-
dence of the whole country 
! [Cries of " Order!" "Order!"] .
I THE EXTENSION OF THE CAPITOL.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I suggest to
j the gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr. Clikg-
, man,] before he submits his motion to go into
1 Committee of the Whole, that we can take a shorter
method to facilitate the object and dispose of this
matter.
Mr. KING, of New York. I rise to a question
of order. 1 think this discussion in relation to
priority of business is not in order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not under-
stand the gentleman from Kentucky as discussing
anything. °
Mr. STANTON. I ask the gentleman from
North Carolina to withdraw his proposition to go
into committee, and permit me to introduce a res-
olution to this effect: that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union be discharged
from the further consideration of the special order
in reference to the repairs at the Capitol. It can
then come before the House.
Mr. CLINGMAN. It can only come in by
general consent, I will not object, if nobodv else
objects.
Mr. STANTON. It can be disposed of in a
few minutes,
Mr. CLINGMAN. Then I will withdraw my
motion,
Mr, FICKLIN, It is useless to do so, because
I shall certainly object.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman from Illinois
[Mr, Ficklin] did not probably understand the
motion. I understand the motion to apply to the
Library, and not to the extension.
Mr.'CLINGMAN. To both.
Mr. HOUSTON. With the view of letting it be
passed, I will not interpose the least objection.
Mr. CLINGMAN, I will not interpose any
objection.
Mr. STANTON. I move, then, that the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union be
! discharged from the further consideration of that
i part of the special order relating to the reconstruc-
tion of the Library, and that it be now considered
i by the Bouse.
| Mr. ORR. Do I understand the gentleman's
1 motion as including the bill to provide for making
appropriations for the Library ?
j The' SPEAKER. That is the bill from the
[ consideration of which the gentleman proposes to
i discharge the committee.
j Mr. ORR. I object to the introduction of the
I resolution. I am willing that the other matter
shall come up.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I renew my motion to sus-
pend the rules of the House, and that the House
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, upon the special order.
The question was then taken, and it was agreed
to accordingly.
HOMESTEAD BILL.
The House resolved itself into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Hibbard
in the Chair,) and resumed the consideration of
the special order, being House bill No. 7, for the
encouragement of agriculture, manufactures, and
other branches of industry, by granting to every
man,&c,, one hundred and sixty acres of land.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from IHi-
's [Mr. Richardson] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. RICHARDSON said: During the brief
criod 1 have served as a member of Congress, I
; have never, upon any occasion, arisen to address
the House with so much regret as I do upon the
present occasion. I shall not allude to the question
which is involved in the bill under consideration.
The Democratic party of the State of Illinois de-
mands of some of her representatives, when her
favorite son has been assailed upon this floor, to
repel the charges madeagainst him, whether made
directly or indirectly. That Democracy have some
right to be heard. In all times past—in all the
disasters that have beset the Democratic party—
whether weal or woe has attended it—the Democ-
' racy of my State have ever £tood forth, and have
I never given way in the darkest hour of battle,
j For fifteen years, no son of her's has contributed
j so much to produce these results as my distin-
1 guished friend, Judge Douglas. In behalf of that
Democracy—in behalf of that leader who has led
them on in so many contests, and to victory—I
appear here to-day.
Sir, it is not remarkable thatthp Democrats of
Illinois should be attached to Judge Douglas.
Twenty years ago, he came among them a friend-
less and penniless young mechanic. Unaided by
anything, except by his own talents, he has risen
to the position he now so ably fills—at all times
struggling, at all times battling for the doctrines
which have been, and are, near and dear to Demo-
crats. Is it, then, remarkable that that Democracy
should be attached to h#n? Is it remarkable that
they shoi^kj expect his successor upon this ijoor,
when by imputation his fair fame is sought to be
sullied, to defend him?
Sir, thegentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Breck-
inridge,] in his allu^uis the other day, drew, in
glowing and eloquentcolors, pictures of the strug-
gles of the Democracy of his own State. Sir, it
s true that that Denfbcracy have struggled and
have foughr^and the Democracy of this nation
have not been unmindful of the exertions of her
leaders. On more occasions than one, the De-
mocracy of my State have aided her sons in their
aspirations, both to secure nominations and then
elections. That distinguished son of Kentucky,
Colonel Johnson—distinguished for his long ser-
vice here, and for his valor on the field—had no-
