1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2487
the country, for the simple purpose of determining
whether frauds have been committed upon the
revenue. The scope of the resolution is, as I
understand, to ascertain whether frauds of a pecu-
liar character have not been committed—frauds
which, in the opinion of the honorable Senator
who presents it, may render it necessary to change
the mode of imposing the duties from which the
revenue is derived. It is to the ulterior object that
I am opposed. Sir, this is but opening the way
to attain the end which many Senators have m
view, of changing the mode of imposing the duties
from which the revenue of the country is derived.
I know the views of the honorable Senator who
offered this resolution. He has a theory of ascer-
taining the value of imported merchandise in a
form which he has digested in his own mind,"and
the ulterior object of which, I think,—whatever
may be his opinion,—will be to raise the standard
of duties, after he has ascertained whether these
frauds are committed. I know the Senator's
views, for he did me the honor of conversing with
me on the subject. They are certainly plausible,
but they are theoretical, in my judgment. But, be
that as it may, I would submit to the honorable
Senator, and to others around him, whether this
cannot justas well be ascertained by investigations
made at the custom-houses as by the investigation
of a committee, and whether the investigation of
officers, who have the charge of these custom-
houses, would not be better calculated to give us
all the facts ?
Sir, I am free to admit that on particular and
-extraordinary occasions—occasions that very sel-
dom occur—it may be necessary for one or the
other House of Congress to send a committee
abroad; but I submit to the Senate that is a dan-
gerous practice—a practice that may lead us we
know not where. Commiittees should sit here,
and should sit while the body to which they he-
iong is in session, where the proceedings of the
committees may pass under the supervision of
the body to which they belong. I certainly have
no distrust of the honorable Senator from Rhode
Island—none in the world; but I speak of the gen-
eral principle with regard to the emanation of com-
mittees from this body.
I have no desire to detain the Senate; but my
objections commence at the very threshold of this
scheme of changing the present mode of imposing
the revenue of the country. It has been a most
agitating subject—one that has divided in senti-
ment the people of the two great sections of this
country; but I had thought that under a Demo-
cratic Administration, a standard had at last been
obtained which would not be departed from—that
if there were imperfections, we had better take the
imperfections as they existed than attempt to
change the whole system. Or if there be such
imperfections as really require change, let us do it
gradually, and in the ordinary mode. These inves-
tigations and inquiries can be made just as satisfac-
torily and just as certainly at the next session, or
the succeeding session of Congress, by a Commit-
tee to sit here, as by sending one abroad of a peri-
patetic character. I submit also that it is too late
in the session to consider the very grave and im-
portant questions that must arise under the investi-
gations of this committee. It should have minute
and specific instructions, if it is to be raised at all.
I trust, therefore, that the Senate will not agree to
the resolution.
Mr. JAMES. Mr. President, I am not dis-
posed to discuss the merits of the question at this
time; nor will I consume much of the time of the
Senate in reply to my honorable friend from Vir-
ginia. Suffice it to say, however, that I am not
for increasing duties on imports, but I am for car-
rying out the spirit of the law of 1846. it is a
well-known fact, that while the laboring classes of
this country—the mechanics, the artisans, and the
agriculturists—pay all the duty imposed upon them
by the law of 1846, those who consume luxuries—
such as the finer qualities of broadcloth, the fine
cassimeres, the silks, the laces, and articles of that
character—pay little more than from fifty to sev-
enty-five per cent, of what the law, administered
according to its spirit, and honestly earned out,
would impose upon them. All I ask is, that a com-
mittee may investigate the facts, and lay them be-
fore the Senate. Then the honorable Senator from
Virginia can examine into the merits of the case;
and whatever infoimation may be brought here, I
presume the Senate will act upon considerately.
1 hope the resolution will pass. I have nothing
more to say at this time.
Mr. HUNTER. This is an important subject.
I believe that this practice of appointing commit-
tees to sit during the recess is a dangerous one.
The resolution relates to a most important subject
of legislation, perhaps the most important with
which we have to deal. It becomes all-important,
if we make a tribunal to collect facts, that it should
be such a tribunal as would demand the universal
respect and assent of the country. I have no
doubt but that any committee appointed here for
this purpose would command the respect of the
country. But it would be a committee which
would be divided in reference to party upon these
questions, and there is no doubt that would in-
fluence and govern them to some extent in collect-
ing the facts. It is impossible that it should be
otherwise. But to avoid these influences, it seems
to me that this investigation should be made by
committees here while Congress is in session,
while members around know what is passing and
have the means of suggesting something, in order
to make the examination fuller and fairer.
Sir, I desire to see the facts. I have no doubt
that there have been frauds under all systems;
and there will be frauds under any system which
you may establish. But it is an immense power
to confide to any committee, to allow them, during
the recess, to go out and examine whom they
please, and thus to shape the facts. There is no
doubt but that the prepossessions of the committee
will have some involuntary influence uponthemode
in which they present those facts, and the manner
of their investigations. I do not think it safe, there-
fore, to raise this committee. And I say this not in
reference to the gentlemen who may be appointed
on the committee, for I dare say, sir, you may get
as fair a committee here as could be constituted
in the country. These objections would apply to
almost any committee, but they apply to a greater
degree to a committee appointed during the recess
than to one sitting here, when we would know
what was going on, and could make suggestions
and corrections if we found that the examination
was taking a partial or improper course. For
these reasons I cannot support the resolutions.
Mr. HALE. I call for the yeas and nays, as
this question of extending our sessions indefinitely
by platoons is an important one.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted as follows:
YEAS—Musais. Badger, Bayard, Bell, Borland, Brod-
head, Brooke, Clarke, Clemens, Cooper, Davis, Dodjjo of
Iowa, Geyer, Houston, Jam*'*, Jones of Iowa, Mallnry,
Man um, Memvother, Miller, Noms, Smith, ^nuance,
Stockton, VVado, Walker, and Woller—26.
NAYS—Mcsms. Adan^, Bngut, Butlei, Cha<e, Do Sam-
suro, Foot; I lain, Hunter, Mason, Morton, l'earce, Rusk,
Sumner, and Uudcnvood—14.
So the resolution was agreed to.
The Senate accordingly proceeded to ballot for
I members of the committee, with the following
1 result:
l T'otes.
j Mr. James <13
I Mr. DdWfon   .in
| Mr. Bright 20
■ Mr. Bell 3.')
Mr. Shields* 19
Mr. Humor 14
Mr. Riisvk 11
Mr. Stookton  7
Mr. Butler  f>
Mr. Morris  5
. Mr. lJou?las  4
Mr. Davis  3
Mr. l-'eleh  'A
Mr. Fish  3
Mt.Undeiwood  3
Mr. Bayard  £
i So Mr. J a.mts, Mr. Dawson, Mr. Bright, Mr.
i Bell, and Mr. Shields, constitute the committee.
! NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
! Mr. MALLORY, from the Committee of Con-
' ference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
, on the bill " making appropriations for the n^val
service for the fiscal year ending the 30th June,
1853," reported that, having met, and after full
II and free conference, they hove agreed to recom-
,i mend, and do recommend, to their respective
j: Houses as follows:
| That the Senate recede from their amendments
numbered 7, U, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, 20, 21,
!: 22, 23, 24, 25. 20, 27, 28, 29, 30, 31, 32, 33, 34,
j| 35, 36, 39, and 42; and that the House recede
j, from its disagreement to the amendments of the
Votes.
Mr. Borland  2
Mr. Malloiy '2
Mr. Pratt  2
Mr. Walker 2
Mt. Adams  ]
Mr. AieliibOn  1
Mr. Brodbead  1
Mr. Chu&e  1
Mr. Cooper...    1
Mr. Uatnlin  I
Mr. Mason  1
Mr. Millei  1
Mr. Stiwaid    1
Mr. Smith  1
Mr. Spiuanee   1
Mr. Weller  1
Senate numbered 1, 4, 5,12, 37, 38, 40, 43, and 44;
and, that the two Houses agree to the 2d amend-
ment of the Senate, amended as follows, to wit:
"In the 9th and 10th lines of said amendment
1 strike out the words ♦during the late war with
' Mexico, and since that period,'and insert instead
* thereof, i since the 28th of September, 3850;' and
' in the 33d line, strike out * twelve hundred,' and
s insert in lieu thereof * one thousand.' "
And that the two Houses agree to the 3d amend-
ment of the Senate with the following amend-
ments: "In line 8, strike out 'fifteen hundred,'
and insert 'one thousand',' and in line 11, strike
out1 nine,' and insert( eight.' "
That the Senate recede from its 8th amendment;
and that the two Houses agree to amend the clause
mentioned in said Senate's amendment by striking
out of the 11th and 12th lines the words " this
j House," and inserting in lieu thereof the word
" Congress."
That the Senate recede from their 41st amend-
ment, and that the two Houses agree to strike out
of the second section all after the word " repealed,"
in the 8th line, and the whole of the third section.
That the House recede from it«? disagreement to
the 45th amendment of the Senate, and that the
two Houses agree to amend the said amendment
by striking out of the 6th line the words, "and
the city post office."
And that the House do recede from its disagree-
ment to the 46th amendment of the Senate, and
that the two Houses agree to amend the same by
inserting in the first line theieof, after the word
" enacted," the following, to wit: " That Robert
Armstrong, the public printer, be, and he is
hereby, directed to execute without delay the
public printing ordered by either House of Con-
gress since his election as public printer."
The PRESIDENT. Will the Senate agree to
the report ?
Mr. MORTON. I am willing to accede to the
recommendation of the Committee of Conference,
except as to that port of their report which rec-
j ommends to the Senate to recede from their
j amendment for the repairs of the hospital and
j navy-yard at Pensaeola. I am willing to agree to
i the report with regard to all the other amendments;
| and I wish to make some remarks in opposition
I to that portion of the report.
I The PRESIDENT. It is not in order for the
Senator to move to accept a portion of the report.
The Senate can refuse to agree in the report, and
notify the House, and ask for another conference.
Mr. BADGER. I beg leave to suggest that
the Senate have repeatedly concurred in portions
of reports of committees of conference, and de-
clined to concur in the remainder of the report,
and asked for a Committee of Conference upon
the disagreement.
Mr. MILLER. I think the report is an entire
thing. That is certainly the parliamentary law.
Mr. MORTON". I am not much of a parlia-
mentarian myself, and I would therefore ask the
Chair whether I understood him to decide that we
must take the entire report—that we cannot accept
j a portion of it ?
The PRESIDENT. The report is made by a
Committee of Conference of the two Houses. That
report has been brought here by the Senate's por-
tion of the committee. A report of the same de-
scription has gone to the House. If the Senate
disagrees to the report, the House is notified of it,
and the Senate may ask for another conference.
But we cannot take a part of the report and a^ree
to that, and disagree to the residue. The report is
one entire thing.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I wish to refer the Chan*
]' to a ^ase. I am not positively certain that my rec-
'! ollection about it is right, but 1 am inclined to
" think it is. I understand these reports from com-
mittees of conference to be recommendations to the
! two Houses as to what they ought to do. Now,
may we not say to the committee, "We will do
jj so much of what you recommend, and refuse to
do the rest?" The case to which 1 allude i.s this:
1 Some three or four yearsa^o,a proposition was
'i offered by my friend from Wisconsin [Mr. W ai.k-
, r.u] to amend the civil and diplomatic bill, hy
adding to it a provision for the government of
i | New Mexico and California. U was agreed to by
!; tfce Senate. It was agreed to by the Howe with
j! an amendment, and the Senate refused to ng 'ce to
!: the amendment of the House, and asked a confer-
\\ ence. Everything else that was the subject of dif-
