1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1623
any limitation of five years, Mrs. Lomax is to go
upon the pension list at the rate of po per
month. Is not that difference enough without
adopting the retroactive principle to pay some
three or four thousand dollars in addition? I
should not have made these remarks if I had not
considered that they were forced upon me m vin-
dication of the amendment which 1 now offer. I
move to strike from the bill the words "27th. of
March, 1842," and insert '-23d of May, 1850."
Mr. BADGER. I rise, as I see my friend from
Georgia [Mr. Dawson] endeavoring to obtain the
floor, for the purpose of saying that I think every
gentleman understands precisely the question be-
fore us, and to beg that we may now be allowed
to vote upon it.
Mr. DAWSON. I was anticipating my friend
from North Carolina. I saw that he was pre-
pared to rise, and I know that he is exceedingly
liberal in questions of appropriations. This is a
question of some importance. What will be the
consequences growing out of the adoption of the
bill as it now stands? There are thousands and
thousands of cases now in the Pension Office,
-which, as soon as you establish this principle,
will present their claims for backpay; and upon
what ground can the Congress of the United
States oppose placing them upon the same footing?
What I regret about it is, that the Senator from
Virginia and myself have uniformly voted alike
on this subject. I have no doubt that Mrs.
Lomax is all he says she is, and that she has had
a wonderful influence upon him. I have no doubt,
if we establish this principle, that there will be
other ladies claiming m the same way, who will
be equally represented by other Senatois,and not
only thousands of claims will be presented, but
hundreds of thousands of dollars will be taken
out of the Treasury, in violation of the law which
has been enforced for many years,
I have had a case of a lady, in which it took
six years to consummate the proof, before the
pension could be received; and the pension was
only allowed from the consummation of the proof,
according to the law. If this bill passes, I shall
be m duty and honor bound to apply instantly to
have her pension retroact, and commence at the
period from which she was properly entitled to it, !
had the proof been presented. If we are to adopt j
the principle proposed in the bill, a better plan
would be to pass a general law in the words that
all persons shall be entitled to all arrearages of
pension from the time they were entitled by law,
and the proof considered as established, and that
the money be appropriated and paid; otherwise I
we shall be overwhelmed here by numerous appli- |
cations for special bills. It would be better, I 1
say, to pass a general law to cover the whole of
them. I am like the Senator from Kentucky. 1
Let us not act specially—let us act generally upon
our pension laws. As he says, every individual
stands upon the same platform, and equal justice
should be extended to all.
But these arguments have been often presented
already, and adopted by the Senate, and, but for
the great influence of my friend from Virginia, I
do not think the proposition suggested would re-
ceive the support of the Senate. If his name now
be placed as authority for this principle, it will
command the respect of this body and of the other ;
House, and a new principle will be ingrafted, or, \
in other words, the present law will be repealed, 1
and all pensions wili go back to the period from j
which they were entitled to receive them. I know ;
of some in which twenty years passed before ap- ;
plication was made for a pension. I will state '
one. A gentleman in Georgia was entitled to a j
pension in 1812. He never claimed it till 1850. j
Thousands of dollars, upon this principle, are now !
due to him; and, but for the law, I would apply
for it. The Pension Office said it must take place
from the consummation of proof, and that the law
so required it. I had the papers before me for the
purpose of having a bill drafted to cover the inter-
mediate time, but I saw that it was contrary to
the established principle, and I was unwilling to
interfere and make a claim in opposition to it. But
should this pass, I shall certainly make that appli-
cation. I believe the principle would be wrong.
I think it would be better to stand upon the estab-
lished principle, without opening the question
again. That is mv view about the matter.
Mr. MASON. 'I do not wish to change any
principle which has been established. The bill
was reported by a member of the Committee on
Pensions, the Senator from Arkansas, [Mr. Bor-
land,] and the reason why they propose to go
back to the time of the death of the husband, was
because of the fact that this good lady had set to
all her countrymen and countrywomen a beautiful
j example, trusting to the labor of her own hands,
j and the exertions of her own intellect, to maintain
[ her family since the death of her husband, rather
| than apply to the Government for relief; and that
; she did not apply until, through ill health, she be-
I came unable to maintain them. The bill, there-
^ fore, does not change any principle.
] j I would say in addition, that this fact was made
:j known to me not by herself, but by those who
j were in intimate association with her. The case
■ i appealed to my sympathies, and I felt it my duty,
j| as one of the legislators of the land, to present it
:j here. _ I shall not press the matter, however, but
'! am willing that the vote should be taken on the
,i amendment of the Senator from Kentucky.
| Mr. UNDERWOOD. I ask for the yeas and
j nays. I
, The yeas and nays were ordered, and taken !
| with the following result: j
; YEAf5—Messrs. Atchison, 3>ayard, Chailton, Dawson, ;
! Dodife of VWcon-sm, Fuleh, Foot, Halo, Kins, I'earee, '
Smith, Toncev, Underwood, Upham. Wade, Walker, and i
if Wellfr— 17. ' |
'' NAYS—Mo>rs. Borland, Brodhead, I)c Saus- !
sure, Dodge of Jowa. Douglas, Down-, (J-win, IIous- i
; ton, Jones of Iowa, Mason, Norns. iiu-k. Sebastian, Soule, i
j and Stockton—' j
> So the amendment was rejected. !
j The bill was then reported to the Senate, and j
! the question was on its engrossment for a third j
1 reading.
| Mr. UNDERWOOD. I hope that the vote will
i be taken in the same manner as on the amendment.
I ask for the yeas and nays.
Mr. DAWSON". The better way would be to
: let the bill be laid upon the table for the present.
Mr, RUSK. Better let it be engrossed, and
(' then ask for the yeas and nays on its pax^a^e.
j The yeas and nays were ordered and taken on
' the question of engrossment, and resulted—yeas
1 20, nays J3, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Radgcr, Borland, Brodhead, De Sau«-
eure, Dodge of* Wi.^con-in, J)odg(-* oi'fowa. Doucjla«; Down?1,
Fish, Foot, (iwiiK Houston. JoneN of Iowa, Mason, Noiris,
Rmk, Seba-tian/fcsmith, Soule, and Stockton—£0. j
NAYS—Bayard, Charlton, Dawson, Feleh, Hale, I
King, Pearee, Toucey, Underwood, Upham, Wade, Walk- i
, er, and Weller—IS. j
So the bill was ordered to be engrossed for a 5
; third reading, and was subsequently read a third j
i time and passed. 1
HEIRS OF JOHN JACKSON. !
! Mr. GWIS". I hope there will be no objection I
, to take up House bill No. 95, which is a bill for .
the relief of the heirs of John Jackson. It has j
. been unanimously lenorted by the Committee on j
I Naval Affairs, and 1 am anxious it should be j;
[ acted upon. I trust it may now be taken up and n
i disposed of. With that view I move that the pre- j:
vious orders be postponed, and this bill taken up, j|
Mr. HALE. I should like to ask if that is the jj
bill to which the Senator from Indiana had an '
! objection *
Mr. GWIN. For the information of the Sen- \
\ ator from New Hampshire, I will state that the i
■ Senator from Indiana withdiewhis objection, as j1
! also did the Senator from Michigan.
] The motion to postpone the prior orders was
■ agreed to, and the bill was considered by the Sen- ;;
i ate as in Committee of the Whole. j;
It provides that the Secretary of the Treasury'!
' be authorized and required to pay to the legal rep- j!
resentatives of John Jackson, deceased, the pilot |i
on board the Bon Homme Richard, during* her ,,
brilliant action with the British frigate Serapis, in j;
which action the said Jackson lost an arm, such ;!
a sum as will equal a pension at the rate of $6 ij
per month, from the loth day of November, 1/79, !'
to the day of said Jackson's death, agreeably to j,
the pledge given by the captain of the said Bon j;
Homme Richard, and the report of the committee i;
of the Continental Congress, made on the 28th ;
day of September, 1785. ^ jj
No amendment being made, the bill was re-"
ported to the Senate, ordered to a third reading-,
and read a thiid tiiae and passed.
BENJAMIN S. ROBERTS.
Mr. FOOT, i move to postpone the previous
iry of subsistence, and acting assistant quarter-
isist.pr at th#  (lrawinn station at FortDes Moines,
j orders, with a view to take up Senate bill enti-
| tied " A bill for the relief of Benjamin S. Rob-
1 erts." I think it will lead to no discussion, and
j if it does, I will consent to its postponement. It
i is a very meritorious bill, proposing a partial rep-
aration for a great injustice done to a meritorious
and gallant officer of the Army. It is reported
from the Committee on the Judiciary, having
passed that committee unanimously, by the late
Senator from Georgia, (Mr. Berrien.) The read-
ing of the report, which contains a full and minute'
statement of the facts upon which this claim is
based, will be a sufficient argument in the case.
The motion to postpone the prior orders, and to
take up the bill was agreed to, and it was read a
second time, and the Senate proceeded to its con-
sideration as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to authorize the Secretary of the
Treasury to pay to Benjamin S. Roberts, the full
amount of his pay and subsistence as a second
lieutenant in the first regiment of dragoons, from
the Jiath day of January, 1839, when he was
coerced to resign his commission of second lieuten-
ant in the first regiment of dragoons, without au-
thority of law, until the 27th day of May, 1846,
when he was restored to the Army, by being ap-
pointed senior first lieutenant in the regiment of
; mounted riflemen.
The reading of the report was called for, from
which it appeared: that the memorialist,Benjamin
S. Roberts, was, in the year 1836, a second lieu-
! tenant in the regiment of dragoons—was in the
i performance of stall duties as assistant commis-
!, sar)
11 master at the dragoon 1
j on the upper Mississippi river, and was in the
J receipt and disbursement of public moneys. That
' on the 98th of Xvlay, 1837, he had in his hands
' between three and four thousand dollars of such
, moneys in notes of the Commercial Bank of Cin-
j einnati, one of the Government deposit banks,
which had been placed in his hands for disburse-
ment. That on that day intelligence was commu-
| nicated to the memorialist, that the above-named
i bank had ceased to redeem its notes in specie, and
in consequence the notes he held became utterly
! useless to him as a disbursing officer, the provis-
j ions of the specie circular of 1836 having forbade
all disbursing officers of the Army to disburse or
1 use for any public debt, any bank notes not re-
' deemable in specie. That the memorialist ex-
' changed the notes of the Commercial Bank, which
! had thus become unavailable in his hands, for an
! accepted draft on the Des Moines Land Company,
; which was then of undoubted credit, and indorsed
! the same to Colonel Mason, with a request that
the proceeds should be deposited to the credit of
the memorialist at St. Louis, the place where he
had to pay over the balance which his accounts
should exhibit to be due to the Treasury. That
in consequence of some disagreement between the
i members of the Des Moines Land Company, at
New York and their agents in the West, the ac-
ceptance of this draft was disavowed—its dis-
avowal was followed by a protest, and thus the
memorialist was deprived of the means of refund-
ing to the Treasury the amount of the notes which
had become unavailable in his hands, and for
which the acceptance had been taken m exchange,
in the hope of saving the amount to the United
States. That, after much labor and expense had
been incurred by the memorialist, these transac-
tions were closed, by the interposition of Con-
gress, to the satisfaction of the Treasury, and the
memorialist stands acquitted, and wholly dis-
fljharged from all claim against him by the United
States.
The report further states that the memorialist
never was a defaulter in the injurious sense of
that term. He held an amount of public money
which, under the regulations prescribed by Gov-
ernment to disbursing officers, became unavailable
in his hands. He succeeded after much labor and
expense in transferring the proceeds, to an ex-
tent considered satisfactoiv, to the Government;
and was discharged from accountability. Bra
while his accounts remained unsettled—while on
the books of the Treasury he appeared as a de-
faulter, although he was not in fact—proceedings
were had by the Commanding General < f the Army
which coerced him to surrender his commission,
and drove him from the Army; which proceed-
ings were contrary to equity and justice, unau-
thorized by law, and taken without conformity to
