1624
THE-CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 25,
tKe provisions of the acts of Congress on which
they were professeiify founded.
' The act" off the 31st January, 1823, required the
officer at the head of a Department promptly to
report to the President of the United States any
disbursing officer or agent of the United States
who failed to make quarterly returns, and such
officer was to be dismissed ffom the service; but
it also provided that such defaulting agent or offi-
cer should be continued in office, if he could sat-
isfactorily'explain his default to the President.
The subsequent act of 25th January, 1828, au-
thorized the proper officer to withhold the com-
pensation due to any defaulting officer until he
should have accounted for and paid into the Treas-
ury all" sums for which he was liable, but pro-
vided that this should not extend to balances aris-
ing from the depreciation of Treasury notes re-
ceived by him for disbursement; and made it the
duty of the accounting officer, on the demand of
such defaulting agent, to report the balance due
to the Treasury Department, and to order a suit
to be commenced within sixty days thereafter
against the delinquent and his sureties.
Under this latter act, proceedings were had
against the memorialist. The balance which ap-
peared to be due by him was reported to the
Treasury, and his pay, emoluments, and allow-
ances were withheld.
In this state of facts, Major General A. Ma-
comb, Commander-in-Chief of the Army, under
the alleged authority of the Secretary of War,
and, for aught that appears, without the inter-
vention of the President of the United States,
addressed to the memorialist a communication,
stating that he had been reported by the account-
ing officer as a defaulter, and that his name had
been submitted to the Secretary of War as such.
That, in consequence, General Macomb was au-
thorized to say that he would be permitted to
resign his commission in the Army; but that if
he did not resign, he would be dropped from the
rolls.
The General stated that he was not personally
acquainted with the state of the memorialist's ac-
counts; and that the permission to resign was
offered him rather as a matter of regard for his
future prosperity, than from any other consider-
ation. Under the pressure of the menace contained
in this letter, to avoid the disgrace of dismissal, a
young, inexperienced, and as recent subsequent
events have shown, a °;allantofficer was driven to
surrender his commission. It seemed to the com-
mittee that these proceedings were, in every re-
spect, exceptionable; that the memorialist was in
no just sense a defaulter; that the apparent default
did not authorize the double proceeding which
was talcen against him; and that if a proceeding
under the act of 1823 could have been allowed
under the circumstances, it did not authorize a
menace from the Commanding General, to coerce
the resignation of the memorialist.
To restore to the Army, after a lapse of time,
an officer thus unlawfully driven from the service
would be embarrassing, because it would conflict
with the rights of others. On the occurrence of
the late war with Mexico, he was restored to the
service by an appointment to a different regiment,
and did gallant service; but theKgrant of his pay,
emoluments, and allowances, from the time of his
compulsory resignation to that of his reappoint-
ment, while it will, to that extent, repair the in-
justice which has been done to him, will conflict
with no existing rights of other persons, and the
committee accordingly report a bill for that pur-
pose.
The bill was reported without amendment, and
was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time.
WEST FELICIANA RAILROAD.
On the motion of Mr. BROOKE, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of the bill for the
relief of the West Feliciana Railroad Company as
in Committee of the Whole.
The bill proposes to authorize the Secretary of
the Treasury to refund to the West Feliciana
Railroad Company the amount paid by them in
judgments obtained against said company by
suits instituted on duty bonds given by said com-
pany, for the importation of certain bars of rail-
road iron, imported at New Orleans in the month
of July, 1836, and at Mew York in the same
month of the same year: Provided, That it shall ap-
pear to the satisfaction of the Secretary of the
Treasury that the said railroad bars have been
and are now permanently laid down upon the
railroad of the aforesaid company, except such
part thereof as may be proved to the satisfaction
of said Secretary to have been lost by the sinking
of the steamboat Choctaw, in an attempt to trans-
port the same from New Orleans to Bayou Sara.
Mr. DAWSON. I desire to amend that bill.
I hope the Senator from Mississippi will agree
that it shall be laid upon the table, as I have a
case precisely in point, which I have kept back
for the purpose of moving it as an amendment to
this bill. Not thinking the bill would be taken
up to-day, I am not prepared to move the amend-
ment now. I therefore move to lay the bill on the
table.
With the assent of Mr. BROOKE, the motion
was agreed to.
DONATIONS OF LANDS IN ARKANSAS.
The engrossed bill, entitled "An act to revive,
for a limited time, an act in relation to donations
of land to certain persons in the State of Arkan-
sas," was read a third time, and passed.
EXECUTIVE BUSINESS.
Mr. HALE. I move that the Senate nowpro-
ceed to the consideration of Executive business.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I hope the Senate will
consent to go into Executive session for a few
moments, as there is a matter which it is desir-
able should be acted upon.
A division was called for on the motion, and
there were—ayes 18, noes 5; no quorum voting.
On motion, the Senate adjourned to Monday.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, Jimp 25, 1852.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Rev. Littleton F. Morgan.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Hon. Isaac Reed, member elect from the fourth
Congressional district of Maine, to fill the vacancy
occasioned by the death of the 11 on. Charles
Andrews, deceased, appeared, was qualified, and
took his seat.
CRANTS TO THE STATES FOR RAILROADS.
The SPEAKER. The question first in order is
the consideration of House bill No. 280, " making
grants of land to aid in the construction of rail-
roads, and for other purposes."
Mr. MOORE, of Pennsylvania. We have a
very thin House this morning, and i trust that the
various communications lying upon the Speaker's
table from the several Departments, containing in-
formation which ought to be known to the House,
may be hud before us and referred, before pro-
ceeding to the consideration of the unfinished bus-
iness.
Air. ORR. I call for the regular order of busi-
ness.
The SPEAKER. The proposition of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania cannot, then, be enter-
tained. The pending question is the motion to
recommit the bill.
Mr. GORMAN. I move a call of the House.
The SPEAKER. The motion for a call of the
House is not in older, for the reason that the
House is acting under the operation of the previ-
ous question.
Mr. STUART. On my demand the yeas and
nays were ordered upon that motion.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk informs the Chair
theyeasand nays weredemanded, butnotordered.
Mr. STUART. They were ordered, and the
report of the proceedings in the Globe shows that
fact.
The SPEAKER. The Journal must then be
corrected.
Mr. STUART. It ought to be amended. My
recollection is very distinct upon the subject.
Mr. CARTTER. I call for the yeas and nays
on the motion, with a view of preventing a long
debate on a point of order.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then token upon the motion
to recommit the bill to the Committee on Public
Lands, and it was disagreed to—yeas 64, nays
103; as follows;
YF! AS—Me^rs. Abercrombie, Willis Allen, John Apple-
ton j As tie. Biaag, Bienton, Albeit G. Brown, Busby, Joseph
Cable, Thompson OampbGil, Carttei, Chastain, Chuich-
well, Cobb, Coicoek, Daniel, John G. Davis, Dawson, Dis-
ney, Ficklin, Florence, Floyd, Giddings, Gorman, Hamil-
ton, Hammond, Isham G. Hams, Sampson W. Harris,,
IJart, Hendricks, Hibbard, Ilillyer, Holladay, Httuslon,
Howard, Jackson, AndrewJohnson, John John&on, George
W. Jones, Preston King, Lockhart, Mace, McWair, Mc-
Queen, Meade, Millson, Molony, Muiphy, Olds, Grr, S,
W. Parker, PheJps, Powell, Richardson, bobbins, Ross?
Scurry, Smith, Stuart, Sweetser, To-wnsfcend, Wallace,
Wilcox, and Yates—64.
NAYS—Messrs. Charles Allen, Allison, "William Apple-
ton, Babeoek, David J. Bailey, Barrerer Beale, Bel}, Ben-
nett, Bowie, Bowne, Breckinridge, Bnggs, Brooks, George
H. Browu, Burrows, Jbi. Carnngton Cabell, Caldwell, £,.
D. Campbell, Caskie, Chapman, Clark, Cleveland, Clin^-
man, Cottman, Curtis, George T. Davis, Drrmnick, Dock-
ery, Doty, Duncan, Edmundson, Faulkner, FowJer, Henry -
M. Fuller, Gilmore, Goodenow, Harper, Haws, Haven,.
Horsford, John W. Howe, Thomas M. Kowey Thomas Y.
How, Hunter, Ineersoll, James Johnson, Daniel T. Jones,
J. Glancy Jones, George G. King, Kuhns, Kurtz, Landry,
Letchei, Mann, Maitm, Mason, McMullm, Medehani,
Miller, Henry D. Mooie, John Moore, Morehead, Moiri-
son, Muiray, Oullaw, Andiew Parker, Perkins, Porter,
Reed, Kiddle, Robie, Sackett, Savage, Schermerhomr
Sehoonmaker, Scudder, David L. Seymour, Origen S.
Seymour, Smart, Snow, Stanly, Benjamin Stanton, Fied-
enck P. Stanton, Richard K. Stanton, Abraham P. Ste-
phens, Alexander H. Stephens, Seratton, Taylor, Benja-
min Thompson, Thurston, Toombs, Venable, Walbridgey
Walsh, Ward, Washburn, Watkins, Welch, Weils, Addi-
son White, Williams, and Woodward— (03.
So the House refused to recommit the bill.
Mr. GORMAN. I believe the previous ques-
tion has now exhausted itself.
The SPEAKER. It has not. The operation
of the previous question is to bring the House to
a vote first upon the motion to recommit, if there
be one pending, then upon the amendments to the-
bill, and next upon the bill itself.
[Cries of " (Question !" " Gluestion !"]
Mr, GORMAN, Will it be in: order, Mr.
Speaker, to submit a motion that the bill be
printed ?
The SPEAKER. It will not,
Mr. CLINGMAN. The bill has been already
printed.
Mr. BISSELL. I will make a motion which
I believe to l^e in order, under the full conviction
this bill has not received that consideration its im-
portance demands  
[Cries of " Order !" " Order!"]
Mr. BISSELL. I move that the bill be laid
upon the table, and upon that motion I demand
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was put upon the motion to lay
upon the tabl§, and it was disagreed to—yeas 79y
nays 103; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs Abercrombie, Aiken,Willis Allen, Ashe,
Bissell, Bocock, Bragg, Bienton, Albert G. Brown, Busby,
Joseph Cable, Thompson Campbell, Cartter, Caskie, Chas-
tain, Churchwell, Cobb, Daniel, John G. Davis, Dawson,
Disney, Durkee, Eastman, tfdgoiton, Edmund&on, Faulk-
ner, Fickhn, Fitch, Florence, Floyd, Fieeman, Giddings,
Gorman, Hamilton, Hammond, IshamG. Harris,S.W. Har-
ris, Hart, Hendncks, Hibbard, Ilillyer, Holladay, Houston,
Howard, Jackson, Andrew Johnson, John Johnson, Robert
W. Johnson, George W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Preston
King, Letcher, Lockhart, Mace, McLanahan, MoNair,
Mcdurrn, Meade, MiiI>on, Molony, Muiphy, Ndbeit=,
0]/K? On, TVnn, Phelps, F'owflJ, Bobbins, Uo^, Savage,
Scmry, Smith, Stuait, Swectsej, Geoige W. Thompson,
Town^hend, Wallace, Wilcox, and Yates—79.
NAYS—Messrs. Chatlc s Allen, Alli3on, William Apple-
ton, David J. Bailey, Barrere, Beale,Beil, Bennett,Bowie,
Bowne, Biockmridge, Bnggs, Biooks, George H. Brown,
Burrows, E. Carnngton Cabell,Caldwell,.Lewis D. Camp-
bell, Chapman, Ciatk, Cleveland, Chngman, Conger, Cott-
man, Cuitis, George T. Davis, Dimmick, Dockeiy, Doty5
Duncan, Evans, Fowier, Henry M. Fuller, Gently, Gil-
more, Goodenow, Grey, Harper, Haws, Haven, Hor&ford,.
John W. Howe, Thorn as M. Howp, Thomas Y. How, Hun-
ter, Ingersoll, James Johnson, Daniel T. Jones, George G 
King, Kuhns, Kurtz, Lamlry, Mann, Huinphiey Marshall,
Maitm, Mason, MeMullin, Mcachain, Miller, Henry D-
Moore, John Moore, Morehead, Morrison, Murray, Out-
law, Andiew Parker, Samuel W. Parker, Perkins, Poiter,
Reed, JRrddle, Rolue, Saekett, Schennerhoi'u, Schooleralr,
Sehoonmaker, Seudder, David L. Sevrnour, Origen S.
Seymour, Smart, Snow, Stanly, Beniamm Stanton, Fred-
eiick P. Stanton, Richard II. Stanton, Abiaham P. Ste-
phen?3, Alexander H. Stephens, Stratton, Taylor, Benjamin
Thompson,Thurston, Toomh^Vemibl^jWalbridge,Walsh,
Waid, Washburn,Watkins,Welch, Weils, Addison White,
Williams, and Woodwaid—103.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs upon
the passage of the bill.
Mr. SAVAGE. I rise to a privileged question.
I move to reconsider the vote by v/hich the House
refused to recommit the bill to the Committee on
Public Lands; and if it is in order I will take this
occasion to say  
[Cries of" Order !" " Order!"]
The SPEAKER. The Chair must remind the
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. FUv^ge,] that
debate is not in order upon his motion. The
House is now acting under the operation of the
