1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
713
anything to which any Democrat ought to ob-
ject.
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Richardson]
considers it, and persists m considering it, a direct
attack upon Judge Douglas. He came to me
before I rose to speak, perhaps the day before,
and asked if I intended to notice the course of the
Review? I said I did. He requested to have an
opportunity of relieving Judge Douglas from all
connection with it, which I promised to afford him,
and did afford him. I mentioned the name of
Judge Douglas, in order to give him the oppor-
tunity. The gentleman implores harmony in the
party; but the way to produce harmony, is to
stop at the beginning these fatal attacks, and this
diversion of important and influential periodicals
of the party from their proper purposes.
The gentleman makes his point upon a state- jj
ment in my speech, that a gentleman'—a country- ij
man and a friend of mine—having gone to Ken- Ij
tucky last summer, attempted to .stir up strife d
there, and break down General Butler at home; !j
but having failed, came back and purchased the ij
Democratic Review. That is true; that is a fact j|
which I stated. The Review was used for pur- ij
poses which led to unpleasant feelings and conjee- d
tures, and it was proper that the matter should be p
explained. My apology for that statement—and jj
it will be a sufficient answer to the gentleman's ij
charge of assault—is to be found simply in one or ;;
two extracts, which I will read from the January jj
number of the Democratic Review. My remarks jj
on "Progress," in the speech I made the other ii
day, were entirely incidental, and intended as an ;[
angwer to that sort of progress which that num- j
ber <4 the Review inculcated. ij
These extracts will give you some idea of the 1;
character of the progress that is wanted. It is from j j
an article headed, " 1852 and the Presidency:'5
In every land of Europe, from the Atlantic shore to the ,;
Turkish confine*, the United States have a more numerous, ,
njore chivalrous,'and more powerful army, than the mon- .1
archic and absolutist tyrants of the people—it U the people
—it is the two hundred and fifty millions of suffering hu- -
inanity, to whose ideas the United States is a heaven
beyond tiie setting sun. who dream in gladsome ecstasy of
the day when our flag shall be unfurled, or even our nod, ,
earth-shaking as the nod of Jove, shall be given lor the liber-
ation of nations."
" But we have readied times when Quaker policy will ;
not do for the Republic. The time has come lor strong, ■
sturdy, clear-headed, and honest men to act; andtheRepub- t
lie must have them, should it be compelled, as the Colonies
were in 1776, to drag the hero of the time out of a hole m a i
. tviJd forest, whether m Virginia or the illimitable West." t
* * * * k VVe mus-t tian&ft'i the fieldofwartothe ,
soil of Europe, and change the issue,from a contest whether
monarchy shall beard us here, to a contest whether they ■
and their impious practices shall for an hour longer be tol- ^
erated there."
My time will not allow me to quote further on
this point. The rest is in the same tone, l wish
all it proposes would immediately come to pass;
but I do not wish to involve my country in war
to bring it about.
But, sir, to carry out this new dispensation, it
was necessary to remove all who might be sup-
posed to stand m the way; and accordingly the ;
article proceeds: ' ,
" But su< h a result can only be expected from a Demo- ;
cratic Administration, and one more progressive than we
have hitherto been content with. To wield such a power
with Mich enormous results, the presidential chair must be
filled by a man not of the last generation, but of this, of the
very time in which we Jive."
*******
" The statesmen of a previous generation, with their
personal antipathies, and their pi-i.-onal claims, with per-
sonal greatness or personal inefficiency, must get out oj the
way." * * * " Age is to be honored, hut senility
is pitiable, especially when it leads its possessor to practices
at variance with his*former life—especially when it lends a
Democrat of foiiu'rlv commendable repute to cxpect the
friendship of the South, and at the ?ame time hope to con-
ceal his delinquencies with the Van Bmemtcs. And it there
be some other-- of the gentlemen of the past asje wnocan
show clean hand* on thi subject, they will be found to be
men incapable of gra-pmg the difficulties of the present
time, ofiathomirtTits ideas, or controlling-* pohey. At a.i
events they have been in office, and have had the control
of the de-times ot the country and <>f the party. It was in
the'r power to do good, I'm by lack ofMatesiminslaji, l.tek
of temper, lack of discretion, and. mo-t of all, by lack ot
progress, thev brouelit into our rank* disroril and rtii-sen-
sion, and the party thev received united, stions. and 'ai m
advance, they left a wreck, a nmtinou- v.-ieck,
in the slough'of questions settled bv the 1- edcial compact ot
the Unitecf States.^ + ^
"Many young antfstnen there ate in the Democratic
ranks, eloquent, judicious, manly, personally unexception-
able m eveiy respect, and endowed with the ncce^!-ar\ qual-
ifications we have above indicated, upon whom their per-
sonal friends and admirers might have pitched their hopas
for the Presidency. Wily wire-pullersand local politicians
are endeavoring to make it appear that each State of the
Union is working with tremendous vigor for some imagin-
ary favorite son,' to whom, by thus exciting State pride,
that State may be induced to fix itself, and thus increase
the influence, for evil and the purchasable value of the local
politician aforesaid."
This disposes of all the military characters:
" Against the Democratic candidate, the Whigs w;il place
General Scott, and if military renown were of any avail,
General Scott is certain of the Piesidencv. But we trust
the republics everywhere have learned sufficient lessons as
to the selection of mihtaty Presidents." * * * "Cer-
tainly. the Democratic lanksean show no equal to General
Scott in managing armies and writing letters, and on that
account alone, if the examples of what is obtained by an
avidity for military Presidents were not ton strikingly before
us, it \vould be madness in the Democratic party to put
forward any candidate against whom the jealousy and un-
popularity due to a military politician can lie."
After announcing a plot on the part of Mr.
Seward (which 1 do not deny) to elect General
Scott on the strength of buttons and plume, the
article proceeds:
" To crush this plot before its birth, the convention must
nominate the proper man, and rival Scott with a tried civ-
ilian, not with a second or third-rate genera!, subject to the
same weaknesses as his antagonist.
>' To recapitulate : the Democratic nominee for '5*2 must,
therefore, not be trammeled with ideas belonging to an an-
terior era, or a man of merely local tame and local affec-
tion^, but a statesman wiio can bring young blood, young
ideas, and young hearts to the councils of the Republic, j
Your mere general, whether he can write on his caul the i
battle-fields of Mexico, or more heroically boast of his i
prowess'in a militia review ; your mere lawyer, trained in !
the quiddities of the court, but without a political idea be- 1
yond a local election; your mere wire-pullerand 'judicious i
bottle-holder,' who claims preeminence now, on th« sole (
ground that lie once played second fiddle to better men, and .
who cozens himself in ins corner with the idea that he can j
split votes with the Abolition and sectional factions he has
intrigued with ; find, alow, all, your beaten horse. Whether !
he ran for a -previous presidential cup as fast or scorn/, or .
nowheieat ad on the ticket—none of these ivdl do. The j
Democratic paity expects from the Baltimore Convention a |
new man, a statesman of sound Democratic pluck, and !
world-wide ideas to use it on a * * u a bold man, 1
who can stand the brunt of foreign war, and maintain, by ;
the vigor and leach of his councils, the honor of our tiajt,
whether on the land or the sea; and j et, a man astute and
wise as Cato, who can. by the use of foreign materiel, <ave
' our shores from attack, and crush the despots of the woifd !
m their verv dens.'5 * * '* Lot the Baltunme Con- \
volition give to this, the young genciauon oi Amenea. a ,
candidate, and we are content.
| .Now, sir, this is a sample of the January num- I
ber of the Democratic Review. I did not believe |
1 in the principles ot' progress there advocated. At
| least, 1 did not believe that the Federal Govern- ;
; ment, under our theory of a limited constitutional ;
\ compact, for certain purposes, was authorized to ;
1 carry out that system of progress; and in the next '
' place, I thought the article fatal to the harmony of !
the Democratic party, and unjust to many of the ,
\[ ablest men in our ranks. Indeed, that seems to j
be conceded by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. ;
' Richardson,] and 1 have notheard any Democrat .
:! express a different opinion.
[j In the course of my speech, I asked the gentle- !
■ I man from Illinois, not for the purpose of making i
! j any charge, but to enable him, as he had requested j
■ I me to do, to relieve Judge Douglas, he being weh j
u understood to be the favorite of the conductors oi
;j the Review, and it having been purchased for the 1
i! purpose of promoting his prospects for the Presi-
| dency—i asked him this question, ("referring to a ^
recommendation of the Review,_ winch had been i
' given by certain members of Congress:) "I asli
, | ' the gentleman from Illinois if he is able to state
;; • whether it was signed by Judge Douglas before :
| ' or after the leading article of the January number
' was printed and circulated"' Tiie leadnig aiticle
in the1 January number was printed and circulated
about the 1st of January—a duv or two before or
: after. A copy was sent to n.e, to Mi. Roeiicsov,
! a member of this House from Ind'ann, and to other
gentlemen on th's floor. It was printed separately.
, Mr. RICHARDSON. About that, I know-
nothing.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I did not say tne
gentleman knew anything about it.
Mr. RICHARDSON. If the gentleman will
permit me 
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. The gentleman wni
please allow me to go on. I ha\o made no charge
against him, and it does not affect into at all.
About the third week m January, the who'e Re-
\ lew for that month appeared. About the (U'o u!
February—a day or two before, or a day or two
after—ail agent for the Democratic Review by the
name of Foster, came to this city from the city of
New York. He had with him samples of the
Review, and a paper to which he obtained the
signatures of some members of this House, and
some members of the Senate, cordially recom-
mending that Review (which the paper an-
nounced had changed hands) to the Democracy
of the country, and paiticularly to the South, as
it was thought it would suit that meridian. The
agent started for Richmond, with that paper and
with an immense pile of that number of the Review.
A gentleman now in this Capitol (Mr. Parker, of
the Library) met him on board the boat, heard his
statement, saw the paper, and went on to Rich-
mond with him. After he got to Richmond, the
agent of the Review met with Mr. Parker in the
office of Mr. Ritchie, the editor of the Richmond -
Enquirer, and he showed the paper, with those
names and the Review, to Mr. Ritchie and other
gentlemen. I ha\e made this statement for the
purpose of inviting any explanation that may be
offered hereafter.
I asked the gentleman from Illinois " if he was
able to state whether Judge Douglas signed that
pajjer before or after the leading article in the Jan-
uary number was printed and circulated ?" The
gentleman replied that " it was signed previous to
the appearance of the January number, and not
after it." As the gentleman rose on behalf of Judge
Douglas, and as his particular friend, I took it
for granted that he was speaking by authority,
and was very happy to hear his statement. This
is a simple matter, and ought to be cleared up
without difficulty. There is no use in fogying it
by enlarging on'the fidelity of the Illinois Democ-
racy. I never questioned their fidelity. There is
no use in fogying it by saying that 1 made as-
saults. I have made no"assault. But if the gen-
tleman considered his explanation unsatisfactory,
I will reduce the atTair to a single point that ought
settle the whole ni.Uter. I have never seen that
paper of recommendation. The gentleman asks
why we do not produce and publish it? I an-
swer, that when last seen, it was in the posses-
sion of the agent of the Review, andjs now prob-
ably in the hands of the conductors, the agent,
or some one connected with the establishment.
1 neither saw the paper nor read it, but I have
been told what it contained. There were signed
to it, long after the assault appeared in the Janu-
ary numoer, the names of certain members of
Congress. I do not know whether there were
"any candidates for the Presidency " among them
or not. Judge Douglas signed that paper and his
name, with a separate line, cordially recommend-
ing the Review,'is below the other names upon
the list, which names were signed m the month of
Februai y, when the agent of'that Review was in
this city"on his wt>y to Richmond. Now, I ask
the gentleman from Illinois, if he is prepared to
repeat his statement, made the other day, that
Judge Douglas " signed that paper before and not
after the Januaiy number appeared?" And I ask
him if Judge Docgla-. did not sign it when the
ageot was here, and when other members of Con-
gress signed it?
Mr. RICHARDSON. I will answer that ques-
tion most cheerfully, for I have no motive to con-
ceti anything. Ju'dre Douglas has no means of
teiiing "when he signed that paper, except, as I
siin, by the receipt. The receipt was given for
two years' S'i jsc: union, at the s une time thai he
put h's signature t.i the :-ar,er, a;,d that v,as on the
ijth of January, if the receipt is rightly dated,
that was the d„y on which Judge Douci.as signed
the paper. While I cannot sav whether the date
is tue true one or not, the gentleman is at liberty
to assume it was r.fter the J:\oudry number was
issued, and make the most of it.
M-. HART. When he did sign it, he had not
load t'n . article. That i can state by authority.
Mi. KRECK1NRI BGii. I think it is probable
the ge.it'j'ir.n from Illinois [Mr. Richaf-dson]
was right when he conjectured in Ins s-'natKS,
the re ill. g'1 be a n; .st the in t ne d ate "f that i tceipt,
as he ia's it is dated tne 6tn of .Tanaa-y, because
by "^instituting the 6th of Fcbrt ;>vy we strike the
ex n't i: vw • t which the sinn was here.
Mr. RICHARDSON*. I do not mtend any
■■•a -h t -r i to hedrnwp. Jod r-cDousL^scan-
n it fix he date unless thr . ecetnt h:;rn ii. 1 state;'
oibtinct'y. am! ' trpeai it row. the! J.ere may be
no tms'inde-standm;r, t'v.t it tne se^etjitis ngbt,
. the stuemcm 1 made is , orre'-t: if the receipt is
wrong, it may be ottie^s .se. But, be that as it
I may, one %ct is hi sited, and that 18 that . uage
