1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2489
EXECUTIVE BUSINESS.
Mr. BRIGHT. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of Executive business.
Mr. HOUSTON. I hope the honorable Sen-
ator will withdraw his motion in order to allow
Die to make a report.
Mr. BRIGHT. I earfriot Withdraw the motion.
Mr. HOUSTON. The report I wish to make
is from a special committee. I believe it is a
privileged question.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair cannot receive
the report unless the Senator from Indiana with-
draws his motion.
Mr. BRIGHT. I feel it to be my duty to per-
sist in the motion.
The motion was agreed to.
The Senate accordingly proceeded to the con-
sideration of Executive business, and after some
time spent therein the doors were reopened.
SELECT COMMITTEE OF INVESTIGATION.
Mr. HOUSTON. I wish to make a report.
The report was read, as follows:
" The Select Committee appointed by the Sen-
' ate on the 6th instant to investigate frauds,
• bribery, &c., entered at once upon their duties,
' by calling witnesses before them,and instituting
' careful inquiry into several cases of alleged or
' supposed fraudulent transactions on the part of
' persons in the employment of the Government.
" The short time remaining from the day when
' these investigations were begun until the close of
' the session (less than a month) has necessarily
' restricted them within narrow limits—alike in re-
' spect to the number of cases and to the number
' of witnesses examined.
" Several cases of fraud and gross impropriety
' alleged against persons in the employment of the
' Government are before the committee. For want
' of time, however, only two have been so far in-
' vestigated as to afford any definite development
' of their character, and the examination of them
1 has not been completed. Without undertaking,
' therefore, to make any elaborate report of what
' they have done, the committee beg leave to sub-
' mit the testimony they have taken in the two
' cases referred to, and ask that it be printed.
' And believing that the public interest will be
' protected and promoted by further investigation
' of these two cases, and many others they believe
' to exist, they ask leave to prosecute their inqui-
' ries during the recess, and to resume their sittings
' at the next session of Congress."
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask that the report be
adopted, and that the testimony be printed.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I wish to state, that the
gentleman from Mississippi [Mr. Brooke] and
myself, who were members of the committee,
thought it improper to print any of the evidence,
until the whole case was brought to a close.
Mr. BADGER. The report, if I understand
it, states lhat the examination has not been com-
pleted with reference to any one case. Am I cor-
rect in that'
Mr. HOUSTON. There are two cases which
have been nearly completed.
Mr. BADGER. 1 understand that the report
states expressly, that the examination has not
been completed in any case. If the examination
has not been completed in any case, it is certainly
improper to print any part of the evidence.
Mr. HOUSTON. We have not been able to
get along with more than two cases; but as the
public mind is demanding something, we propose
to give them all the testimony we have got.
Mr. BADGER. I object to the consideration
of the report at this time.
The PRESIDENT. Then it cannot be consid-
ered.
Mr. HOUSTON. As the report cannot be con-
sidered now, I ask leave to withdraw it.
Leave was granted.
OBITUARY NOTICES OF HENRY CLAY.
Mr. HAMLIN. I offer the following resolu-
tion, which I ask may now be considered:
ResoheJ, That the Secretary of the Senate, Clerk of the
House of Iteptesentatives, and the Clerk of the Printing
Committee, he, and they hereby are, authorized to audit
the accounts for punting and binding tile obituary notices
ot the death of Henry Clay, ordered by the Senate, and to
pay the same out of tbe contingent fund of the Senate.
I desire to say, that by special vote the Senate
has ordered these obituary notices to be printed.
They are now beginning to be delivered, and un-
less this resolution be adopted, they cannot be
paid for.
The resolution was agreed to.
cheap ocean postage.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by Mr. M. P. Fillmore, his
secretary, transmitting, in answer to a resolution
of the Senate of the 21st instant, requesting in-
formation in respect to foreign postal arrange-
ments and cheap ocean postage, a report of the
Secretary of State, and the documents by which
it was accompanied.
The message was referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads, and ordered to be
printed.
TONNAGE OF THE UNITED STATES.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of the Treasury,
communicating, in compliance with a resolution
of the Senate, a report of the Register of the Treas-
ury in relation to the tonnage of theUnited States;
which was ordered to lie on the table and be print-
ed.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion by Mr. MASON, it was
Ordered, That Micliael Nash have leave to withdraw his
petition and papers.
On motion by Mr. ATCHISON, it was
Ordered, That Joseph Parks have leave to withdraw his
memorial and papers.
On motion by Mr. ADAMS, it was
Ordered, That Clements, Bryan & Co. have leave to with,
draw their memorial and papers.
On motion by Mr. MORTON, it was
Ordered, That the heirs of Darius Garrason have leave
to withdraw their petition and papers.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. MALLORY, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, to which was referred a report of the j
Secretary of the Navy on the comparative value
of anthracite and bituminous coals, and resolu-
tions of the Legislature of Florida on the same
subject, submitted a report, which was ordered to
be printed.
Mr. SHIELDS, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to which were referred sundry me-
morialsand petitions of officers, clerks, and others
employed in the civil and military departments of
the United States in Mexico, during the late war
with that Republic, submitted a report.
The Senate proceeded to consider the said re-
port, and in concurrence therewith, it was
Ordered, That the committee be discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the subject.
Mr. DOUGLAS, from the Committee on Ter-
ritories, to which the following bills from the
House of Representatives were referred, reported
them severally without amendment:
An act authorizing the Governor of the Terri-
tory of New Mexico to call an extra session of
the Legislative Assembly of said Territory, should
the same be deemed necessary and expedient;
An act to authorize the legislative authority of
the several Territories to control the appropria-
tions to be made by Congress for the support of j
the government of said Territories;
An act makiniran appropriation for the comple-
linn of the public buildings m the Territory of
Minnesota; !
An act to amend an act entitled " An act to es- ;
tablish the territorial government of Oregon," ap- j
proved August 14, 1848; and 1
An act to provide for additional clerks, and ex-
tend the sessions of the Legislative Assembly of
the Territory ofNew Mexico.
On motion by Mr. SHIELDS, it was i
Ordered, That the unfinished business in the hands of
the committee be returned to the files of the Senate.
EXECUTIVE REPORTS.
On motion by Mr. MASON, it was
Ordered, That the report of the Secretary of State, the
leport of tbe Secretary of the Treasury, the report of the
Secretary of War, the report of the Secretaiv of the Navy,
1 the report of the Secretary of the Interior, the report of the :
| Postmaster General, and the report of the Attorney General, !
} communicating, in compliance with a resolution of the Sen-
j ate, information respecting the clerks employed in their le
spective Departments and Offices, he printed.
stansbury's report. ;
On motion by Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, it svaa
1 Ordered, That the head of the Topographical Bureau be
allowed the number of Stansbury's Report which wasas-
, signed to hun by the original resolution on that subject.
owen's report.
On motion by Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, it was
Ordered, That, instead of the distribution of Owen's Re-
port heretofore ordered, there be furnished to the General
Land Office one hundred copies, to the Smithsonian Insti-
tution one hundred copies, and to Dr. Owen two hundred
copies.
NAVY-YARDS.
Mr. SOULE submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be requested to
report, at an early day of the next session, the amount of
money expended on the several navy-yards of Gosport,
Washington, Philadelphia, Brooklyn, Charlestons, Ports-
mouth, and Kittery, specifyingtlieamount expended for the
purchase of the origi nal sites, and for the additional land sub-
sequently purchased for the several navy-yards above men-
tioned ; ami also to state the amount of money expended in
erecting all the buildings thereon.
MARGARET L. WORTH,
A message from the House of Representatives
was received by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announ-
cing that it insisted on its amendment to the bill
for the relief of Margaret L. Worth; thatitasked
a conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses; and that it had appointed Mr. Polk, Mr.
Harris of Tennessee, and Mr. Goodenow, a
Committee of Conference on their part.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ment to the said bill insisted on by the House of
Representatives, and it was
Resolved, That the Sonate insist on its disagreement to
the said amendment, and a^iee to the conference asKed by
the flou^e of Uepiesentatives.
And Mr. Stockton, Mr. Borland, and Mr.
Davis, were appointed the committee on the part
of the Senate.
adjournment sine die.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I move that a commit-
tee be appointed to wait upon the President of the
United States, and inform him that we have closed
our legislative business, and are now ready to ad-
journ.
The motion was agreed to.
It was ordered, that the President pro tempore
appoint the committee; and Mr, Underwood,
Mr, Pratt, and Mr. Bayard, wefc appointed.
The committee accordingly retired, apd in a
short time they returned; when
Mr. UNDERWOOD said: Mr. President, the?
committee appointed by the Senate to wait upon
the President of the United States hare performed
the duty assigned them. We informed the Pres-
ident that the Senate had concluded its labors,
and was now ready to adjourn, unless he had
some further communication to make. The re-
sponse of the President was, that he had no further
communication to moke, but to tender his con-
gratulations to the Senate upon the termination of
their tedious labors.
Mr. MANGrUM offered the following resolu-
tion; which was unanimously agreed to:
Resolved, That the thanks of the rfenate be given to the
Hon. William R. King, President of the Senate pro tem-
pore, foi the dignity, ability, and impartiality with which
he has diM-hurgiid the duties of the Chau.
The hour of twelve having arrived—
The PRESIDENT arose and addressed the
Senate as follows:
Gentlemen of the Senate: The labors of this
, long and fatiguing session are now brought to a
close. Before I adjourn the Senate, I will beg leave
1 to say, that I have endeavored, to the utmost of
my ability, to discharge faithfully, honestly, and
■ impartially, the duties which they were pleased
to devolve upon me in elevating me to this honor-
I able position. I am aware that on some occasions,
piobdbly, 1 have given cause for complaint on the
part of some who supposed they were entitled to
' the floor, when it had been assigned to others. I
will take this occasion to say, that, on all such
contests I have endeavored to give the floor to the
! individual the sound of whose voice first reached
, my ear, as it is utterly impossible that I can see
all the Senators when they first rise. If, on any
occasion, { have gi\en any dissatisfaction,it is the
cause of true and heartfelt re® ret.
1 beg you, gentlemen, to accept my sincere
thanks fur the unanimous vote that has just been
; passed, approving of my conduct. I shall endea-
vor on all occasions?, in whatever situation I may
be placed, to act in such a manner as to have the
