1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1625
previous question, which is not exhausted until the
vote upon the passage of the bill shall have been
taken.
Mr. SAVAGE. It was merely in explanation
of my vote 
[Cries of " Order!" Order !"]
The SPEAKER. If the House be disposed to
indulge remarks, the gentleman can proceed.
Several Members. 1 object, I object.
The SPEAKER,. The Chair must enforce the
rule.
Mr. FOWLER. I move to lay the motion of
the gentleman from Tennessee upon the table.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee has not relinquished the floor, and there-
fore the gentleman from Massachusetts cannot
make his motion.
Mr. SAVAGE. I would be happy to avail
myself of the opportunity afforded me by moving
to reconsider a vote given contrary to my wishes,
to express my sentiments in regard to the bill; but
not being in order, I must withhold them.
Mr. GORMAN. I call for the yeas and nays
on the motion to reconsider.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. The motion
now before the House, I believe, is to reconsider
the vote by which the House lefused to recommit
the bill.
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. SEYMOUR. 1 move to lay that motion
upon the table.
Mr. HART. Upon that motion I call for the
yeas and nays.
Mr. SEYMOUR. I withdraw the motion to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I renew the
motion.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Upon that motion I
demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BELL. I rise to a question of order.
Did the gentleman who makes this motion to re-
consider vote in the affirmative?
The SPEAKER. According to the record, the
gentleman from Tennessee voted in the negative,
and that, placed him m the majority.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Ste-
phen's motion,and there were—yeas 106,nays 72;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Chailes Allen. Allison, Ashe, Baboock,
David J. Bailey, Onireic, Bnalej Bell, Bennett, Coooek,
Bowie. Rovvne, Brisjrs. Brook*, Geoiiro U.Biown, bur-
rows, E. Carmirjton Cabell, Caldwell, Lewis D. Campbell,
Cat-kie, Cliapmau, Clark, Cleveland, Chngmun, Cottmnn,
Geoige'T. Davis, Dnmrnek, Duckeiy, Dotv, Duncan, Ed-
mund=on, Evans Fowler, Henry M. Fuller, Gentry. Gil-
morp, Goodenow, Groy, Harper, Haws Haven. Hoi^t'oid,
John W. Howe, Thomas M. Howe. Thomas l7 How, f3 tm-
tei, Inwervoll. James Johnson. Daniel T. Jones. G^oicre G.
Kanp, Pie-ton Kimr, Kuhns Kurtz, baiidiv, Mann. Hum-
phrov Marsha!!, Martin, jMa-on, Mohan ilian, Mc-u ham.
Mdlei, Heuty 1>.Moore, John UMnie,M<">i<?heu<'l,"Vroiii on,
Mm i ay, Outlaw, Andrew Parkei, ^amu'd W. Paikei. Per-
kins, Heed, Riddle, Jlobie. Rackett, Seheimeihom, School-
craft, Sehoonmaker, Scu'ddei, David L. Seymour. Onyen
S. Scvmour, Smart, Snow,^Stanly, Benjamin Stanton,
Frederiek, P. Stanton, llichafd H. Stanton, Abiaham P.
Stephens, Alexander H. Stephens, Stration, Taylor, Ben-
jamin TJiompyon. Thui-^ton, Toombs, "Venable, Walbrulse,
Wal-h, Ward, Washburn, Watkins, Welch, Wells, Addi-
son White. Williams, and Woodward—107.
NAYS—Messrs. Abeicrombic, Aiken, Willis Alien, Av-
erett, Thomas H. Bavlv, Bi«>eil, Brasr , Brenton, Albert
G. Brown. Bu«by, Joseph Cable, Thompson Camphell,
Carttef, Chastain, Ohuichwell, Cobb, Colcock, Darnel,
John G. Davis, Dawson, Disney, Dmkue, Dastman, T'M-
gcrton, Faulkner, Pioklin, Fitch, Floienee. Floyd, Free-
man, Goiman, Gieen, Ifamiiton. Hammond, Nhaui G.
IIarn-5, Sampson W. flarns, Hart, Hendricks, Hibb.ud,
Kiilve), Iloliadav, Houston, Jackson. Andrew Johnson,
John Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, Geotge W. Jones. J.
Glanov .Tones, hi'teher,Lockout, AlcUueen, Meadp.Mill-
ion, Atolony. Murphv, Nnbt'iy, OJd?., On, t'enn, Phelps,
Powell, Richaid^ou, llobhms, floss, Savage, Scuny, Situfh,
Smart, Sweetsei, Georse W. Thompson, Townshend,
Wallace, Wilcox, and Yates—92.
Mr. COBB. Has the morning hour expired ?
The SPEAKER. It has expired.
Mr. COBB. I move, then, to proceed to the
bosmess on the Speakei's table.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I wish to in-
quire of the Chair if the House refuse to proceed
to the business on the Speaker's table, whether it
is not competent for a majority to go on and pass
this bill ? Let us pass this bill now.
The SPEA KER. Unless the contested-elec-
tion case should intervene, it would be competent
for a majority of the House to take such a course.
Mr. HAMILTON. 1 call for the consideration
of the contested-election case.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Geoigia. I believe the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Fuller] has
the floor, and with his assent I move to postpone
that subject for one hour.
Mr. RICHARDSON. X demand the regular
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness, in the opinion of the Chair, would be the
contested-election case from Pennsylvania, and
wiil supersede the motion made by the gentleman
from Alabama, [Mr. Cobb,] or even the motion
—this bem? private bill day—to go into Commit-
tee of the Whole on the Private Calendar.
Mr. FULLER. I should regret that any busi-
ness of mine should delay the public business;
and if it be the desiie of a majority of the House
to proceed with this bill, I certainly will waive
my right to address the House.
Mr. RICHARDSON. If the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Fuller] yields the floor, I
have the tloor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania has not yet indicated his purpose.
Mr. FULLER. Unless the ma|i>nty prefer
proceeding with this bill, I do not yield the floor.
The SPEAKER. There are various motions
which may be made and which will lead the
House to the consideration of business other than
the consideration of this bill. This being private
bill day, the motion to go into Committee o£ the
Whole House on the Private Calendar may be
made.
Mr. STEPPIENS, of Georgia. I wish to
make an inquiry of the House, and it is this;
Would not this unfinished business be the first
thing in order to-morrow morning ? I trust the
friends of the measure will agree to dispose of it
to-morrow morning.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Mr. Speaker, I desire
to say 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Fuller] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I was about to reply to
the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr Stephens,] as
to what would be the order of business in the
morning.
Mr. FULLER. I wish my position under-
stood. I waive thp floor, if it is desired by a
majority of the House*
[Ct-ies of " Go on I" "Goon1"]
Air. SEYMOUR. Ijpfore the gentleman from
Pennsylvania proceeds, I wish to ask a question
of the Chair, if the contested-election case should
be taken up now, I wish to know whether the
present bill can be reached to-morrow morning by
a majority vote ?
Mr. RICHARDSON. I desire when that
question is made, to be heard upon it. I wish to
raise that question.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 call for the regular order
of business, and insist upon it.
Mr. FULLER. This delay I hope does not
come out of my time.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would have no
objection to respond to the question of the gentle-
man from New York, but the regular order is
called for, and the gentleman from Pennsylvania
is entitled to the floor.
Mr, CLINGMAN. I will submit for the con-
sideration of the Chair this point of order: The
House having sustained the previous question,
and ordered the main question to be put, I hold
that the bill we are now considering overrides
every other Question.
Mr. HOUSTON. Has not the House passed
from that question, and taken up another ques-
tion ? J understand the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania has the floor. While 1 am willing to come
to a vote upon that bill, I desire this election case
disposed of in some way, for next week I intend
to ask the House to act upon the appropriation
bills. It is time they were passed; and if this
question is not before the FTouse, I call the gen-
tleman from North Carolina [Mr. Clikgman] to
order.
The SPEAKER. The decision of the Chair
was that this question, was the first business in
order m the House.
Mr. HOUSTON. To-morrow morning?
The SPEAKER. It is the first business in or-
der to-day.
Mr. HOUSTON. That is what 1 supposed.
I ask the enforcement of that decision.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from North
Carolina. [Mr. Clingman,] however, rises to a
question of order connected with that decision,
and the Chair must hear him.
Mr. CLINGMAN, The practice of the House
has been uniform, that when they order the main
question to be now put, it must be put.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Fuller] took the floor and was
understood by gentlemen upon this side of the
House as occupying the floor in the progress of
hisremaiks, the House having clearly passed from
this measure.
Mr. FULLER, My time has not yet com-
menced.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will hear the
question of order raised by the gentleman from
North Carolina, [Mr. Clixgman.]
Mr. CLINGMAN. You will remember it has
been invariably the settled practice, that when the
previous question has been sustained during the
morning, and the main question ordered to be
put, that that matter must go on until the previous
question has been exhausted, even though we went
beyond the morning hour.
The SPEAKER. In reply to the gentleman,
| the Chair decides that reports from committees
| are confined to the morning hour under the special
i order of the House, and that this bill will be the
i first business in order to-morrow during the morn-
ing hour.
M r. FULLER. Before I proceed with my ar-
' gument, I wish to inquire of the Chair what is the
usual eoiuse pursued in proceedings of this ehar-
, acter? I know the contestant is here present, and
i I understand he desires to be heard by the House
' upon this question in his own behalf. If that be
I the case, I wish to move that he be furnished with
! a seat upon the floor for that purpose.
I The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that in
; very many cases contestants have been admitted
, to seats upon the floor, and been allowed to be
! heard m their own cases.
j Mr. FULLER. I move, if the gentleman de-
'| sires it, that he be permitted to do so in this case,
'j [Cries of " Agreed !" "Agreed"']
! The question was then taken upon Mr. Ful-
ler's motion, and it was agreed to.
j Mr. Wright then took a seat within the bar.
1 Mr. FULLER then replied to the remarks of
I Mr. Ashe, (which were delivered yesterday in
, support of the Report of the Committee of Elec-
tions,) and reviewed the various points connected
i with the case, and spoke in vindication of hid light
j to tile seat. Having occupied the hour allotted in
debate, and not having finished his argument,
Mr. DUNCAN, h is, I believe, the unani-
l; mous wish of this House to allow the gentleman
1 [Mr. Fuller] to proceed in his argument m this
' case.
I Mr LETCHER. I objected yesterday, to the
i chairman of the committee going on beyond his
|i hour, and I gave notice that I should object to a
j' departure from the rules of the House. [ there-
|. fore feel bound to object to the gentleman's pro-
i, ceeding.
!i Mr. STANLY. The chairman [Mr. Ashe]
!' has another hour to close in.
I. Mr. ASHE. I understand the House has al-
ii lowed the contestant [Mr. Wright] the privilege
i of speaking.
The SPEAKER. The House has voted that
the contestant may be heard in his own behalf.
II Mr. 11. 1J. WRIGHT, (the contestant,) having
been privileged to address the House, briefly no-
1 ticed certain charges made against him by Mr.
j' Fuller, and then entered into the melius of the
: case in his own behalf. [Messrs. Fuli.kr and
<: Wright's speeches are published in the Appen-
dix.]
' Mr. DAYIS obtained the tloor, but yielded to
j, Mr. FOWLER, who moved that the House
!; adjourn.
;; The question was put, and the motion agreed
j' to; and
: The House adjourned till to-morrow, at twelve
j, o'clock, m.  _
1 NOTfOK OF A JDILL.
jl >Ii. FOWLER nave notice that on to morrow, or some
subsequent day, he" would <l>k leave to mtioduce a bill to
I amend the laws imposing duties on imposts and
II li'tinl.nitiir the appiai>ement ot imported mereliarjdih ;; and
j1 more effectual!) to pievent fiaud?. against theievenue.
j, PETITIONS, &c.
r The following petitions, memorials, ike., were presented
1' under the rule, and refened to the appiopnate committees;
