714
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Douglas condemned and did all he could to prevent
the course pursued by the Review.
The gentleman says that the agent had the paper
and that it may be in the possession of the editors
of the Demociatic Review. The present editors
of the Democratic Review, as 1 understand, repu-
diate this agent altogether. He was the agent of
the old concern. I have signed papers for him
several years ago, and paid him subscriptions.
But the present editors repudiated him altogether,
and he was not their agent at all.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Whether he was
their agent or not, he had in his possession a great
many copies of the January number of the Re-
view.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I had supposed the gen-
tleman had the paper.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I never saw either
the man or the paper in my life.
Mr. RICHARDSON. The paper can certainly
be had, and now let us have it, and let it be pub-
lished.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I sincerely hope the
paper may be published. But I call the attention
of the committee to the fact, that I have not got it
and cannot be supposed to have it, but it ought to
be in the possession of some one connected with
the Democratic Review, because, when last seen,
it was in the possession of theagent of the Review,
who had a large number of copies of the periodical
with him, and was acting for the promotion of its
interests
Mr. WASHBURN. The time I yielded to the
gentleman has expired and I must claim the floor.
[Cries of " Oh no, let him go on!"]
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Maine longer yield the floor to the gentleman from
Kentucky?
Mr. WASHBURN. 1 cannot.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I hope the gentle-
man from Maine will give me an opportunity to
make a single statement m reference to the con-
versation with Judge Douglas, to which the gen-
tleman from Illinois has alluded. I will be verv
brief.
Mi-. WASHBCJRN. Well, I will yield for a
few mom ems ioijgei*.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I have now said all
I desire to say in reference to the January number
of the Democratic Review, and I hope have put
myself on proper ground. The February number
has been referred to by the gentleman from Illinois.
That number, it will be recollected, contains a
sort of continuation of the article in the January
number; but in addition to the general assault,
covertly, upon the other candidates, it contains a
violent assault on General Butler, by name. The
gentleman produces a letter, dated some time in
February, and said to have been sent from the citv
of New York by Mr. Sanders, the conductor o'f
thfi Review, in answer to h telegraphic dispatch
winch he received from Judge Douglas, informing
the Judge that he could not control the columns of
that paper, and that the editor would publish what
he pleased. The gentleman also states that 1 had i
had a conversation with Judge Douglas, and well i[
knew, before I made my speech, that he had I;
attempted to prevent the appearance of the article ^
in the February number. If I ],aVe the consentot"
the gentleman, as lie has alluded to it, I will repeat
the substance of the conversation between Judo-e
Douglas and myself. 1 presume, from his havin°-
referred to it, that he wishes me to do so. I will
first remark, that most of my comments and criti-
cisms wete intended for the January number of
that Review, and my remarks were intended as a
defense of all the members of the Democratic par-
ty who were assailed in that article. I will not
repeat that conversation, because it was a nrivate
one; and it is suggested to me that I had better not
give it.
[Loud cries of " Give it!" and " Oh. no '"1
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I do not think it ma-
^k, m 811,shoTuld d" S0' The gentleman wishes
pj!" y f made a"y &U"sion at all to the
February-number of the Review, after I had been
informed that Judge Douglas had tried to stop the
publication of that number. P
'" ^QHARDSON. No; that is not it. The
Pu"!lVf w i IS this: not that the ?™lleman
alluded to it, for I expected he would allude to it,
bu that with this knowledge that Judge Dougias
had no power to control the Democratic Review,
he yet did not acquit him of it_as Democrats
ought to do, when they are satisfied that he had
nothing to do with it.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Thegentleman com-
plains, then, because, after I was informed that
Judge Douglas tried to stop the publication of that
number, I did not, in my speech, expressly acquit
him of the power to control the Review. I answer,
that, in the first place, I never charged him with
having any such power. The gentleman has seen
" Gorgons, hydras, and chimeras dire,"
that I do not see in my speech, and that the De-
mocracy on this floor do not see in it.
Mr. HART and Mr. POLK here requested that
the conversation with Judge Douglas should be
stated.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. At the request of his
friends, I will give the substance of it. The gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Sackett,] my col-
eagues, [Messrs. Ewing and Marshall,] and
myself, happened to be in the refectory, not far
from the Senate Chamber, where Judge Douglas
also happened to be. We had some general con-
versation there, and soon afterwards Judge Douo-
las took measide and told me that the Democratic
I Review for February would contain a violent as-
sault upon General Butler. 1 replied, that if it
did, I should denounce it. He expressed his re-
grets, and I intimated to him that he ought to stop
it. He said he could not; that it was too late;
that he feared it was already out. He stated that
if there was time, he would send the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Richardson] to New York to
break up the types, but he feared the Review
was already issued. I think he also told me that
he had telegraphed to the conductor of the Re-
view not to publish the attack on General Butler.
A day or two after this, the conductor of the
Review came on to this city, and biought with
him a sort of proof number of the February issue,
which he, with great frankness, showed to me,
and I, with equal frankness, told him I should de-
liounce. Some days, perhaps a week after this,
the February number came out. Now, sir, I
mentioned that February number first, because I
conceived I had a right to mention an article in a
periodical of this sort, attacking distinguished men
of the party, without imputing blame to any par-
ticular gentleman who had been named in con-
nection with the Presidency; and secondly, be-
cause I thought that if I had.a friend who, in
working for me, chose to denounce and abuse the
most eminent and distiguished men of my party,
he should stop it, or should cease to be my friend.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I will make only one or
two remarks in conclusion of this explanation,
and I pass over many points which I might touch
m vindication of myself, but I feel that it would
be unjust to the gentleman from Maine to trench
further on his time. 1 state that I made no as-
sault upon anybody in that speech. I assert that
there is not a word in that speech to which any
Democrat ought to object. The general senti-
ments contained in it arc correct; and the denun-
ciation ol the course of the Review, the gentle-
man from Illinois has himself indorsed.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Certainly.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Thegentleman says
"certainly;" he himself denounces the course of
the Democratic Review. I warned him before-
hand that I should denounce it, and he requested
j that I would afford him an opportunity to make
, an explanation which would entirely disconnect
j Judge Douglas from that periodical. I did so;
j and he made such explanations as he thought
i proper. Not satisfied with them, however, "he
takes the floor to-day for further explanations; but
instead of clearing up the matter, flies off, and
charges me with making a disturbance in the
! Democratic ranks. I deny it, and say that I have
: been upon the defensive from the beginning. 1
have made a statement of facts. It is not for me
to say what their etfect will be. If there is any
other explanation which the gentleman from Illinois
desires to make, the country will be glad to hear it.
j I repudiate, in the most distinct language, having
been influenced by the slightest malice or ill-feel-
! ing towards any member of the Democratic party,
[ in the speech J1 made the other day. My main
, object was to put a stop to these attacks, which I
considered fatal to the integrity and harmony of
the party. I did not begin them, nor was I con-
nected, remotely or directly, with any person who
did begm them. I do not remember anything
else in the remarks of the gentleman from Illinois
March 10,
to which I ought to reply; and I now resign the
floor to thegentleman from Maine, with my grate-
ful acknowledgments for his kindness.*
NORTH AMERICAN RAILROAD COMPANY.
Mr. WASHBURN addressed the House, to the
expiration of the hour allotted htm under the rule,
in favor of a grant of land to the North American
Railroad Company. His remarks [which he had
not concluded when the hammer fell] will be pub-
lished hereafter.
Mr. MARSHALL, of California, obtained the
floor.
Several Members. He has not yet spoken an
hour.
Mr. MARSHALL. I am willing that the
House shall determine that the gentleman from
Maine may continue his speech, preserving, how-
ever, when he has concluded, my righfto the
floor.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I hope the Chair will ask
the general consent of the House as to whether the
gentleman [Mr. Washburn] shall have his full
time—the gentleman from California still retaining
his right to the floor. °
The CHAIRMAN. The hour of the gentle-
man has expired. That is fixed by the rule. It
is the opinion of the Chair that it is not competent
for the committee to vary or disregard the rule of
the House under which it is acting. It has been
so decided heretofore, substantially and correctly,
as the Chair thinks, and acquiesced m by the
committee.
Mr. MARSHALL. Allow me, upon that ques-
tion of order, to say a word. In order to giw the
House an opportunity, if they choose, to*let the
gentleman from Maine continue to speak his full
hour, I will appeal from the decision of the Chair,
protesting at the same time that I believe to deci-
sion of the Chair is a correct one. [Laughter.] It
will give the committee a chance to do what they
wish.
The CHAIRMAN. It is competent for the
committee to overrule the decision of the Chair.
Mr. FLORENCE. Will not the unanimous
•Since the adjournment of tile House, the following cor-
respondence has occurred. It is clear enough now, that
these receipts were all dated at the same time; that the
date relates back merely to the commencement of a new
senes, or to the period when the concern changed owners;
and that the paper in controversy was signed by all whose
names are attached to it in February last, and not in Jan-
uary, or at any previous time.
J. C. BRECKINRIDGE.
House of Representatives, >
Washington, March 10, 1852. !
Dear Sir : In the debate to-day, the Hon. William II.
Richardson, for tlie purpose of fixing the period when
Judge Douglas s^ned a paper recommending the ''Demo-
cratic Review " to tile Democracy of the country, referred
to a receipt, given at the same time to the Judge, foi his
subscription to that periodical. The receipt, winch'he pro-
duced ill the Hou*e, bears date the 6th of January, 1852,
but Mr Richahdsom stated it was possible there might be
a niis-take in the date. I understand that you, and perhaps
other members, have receipts for your subscriptions beanne
date tlie 6th of January, 1852, but given in February last,
to ^?°U S° a° 10 answer the following lnterroga-
1st. What is the date of your own receipt, and those of
others you have seen?
2d. When was the money paid on tlie "subscription for
which the receipt was given to you?
3d. Was it paid before or alter you read the leading arti-
• V? January number of tlie Democratic Review, enti-
tled " 'o2 and the Presidency?"
Veiy respectfully, your obedient servant,
Tr „ XT „ C. BRECKINRIDGE.
Hon. Graham IV. Fitch, Washington.
■ « v Washington,? p. m., March 10, 1852.
Sir. lour note of to-day is before me. I will answer
your interrogators in the ordei in which they occur.
know nothing of any other receipts for subscriptions to
the Democratic Review than those of two other members
«J, anU n,y own> aU °* which are dated Januaiy
6th, 18o2. Mine wa« first presented for payment, and paid
in the Honorable Speaker Boyd's room and presence on
the same day on which his was presented, and to the same
man (Mr. r °st«'r, the agent) to whom his was paid—the
day being, to the best of my recollection, within the first
week ot * ebruary; I think the 7th of that month. It was
paid a numbei or days after I had rfad the article in the
Democratic Review to which you refer, and after it had
been a subject of discussion among several members out-
side of the House.
Respectfully yours, GRAHAM N. FITCH.
Hon. John C. Breckinrwgf.
Washington, March 10,1R52.
Sir : By your authority, I made a statement in tne House
this day in reference to certain matters occurring between
you and Mr. Foster, ngent for the Democratic Review, on a
steam-boat between this city and Richmond, Virginia; and
