2490
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 31,
approbation of my own conscience, and I trust of
all generous and disinterested friends.
The Senate of the United States stands adjourned
sine die.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, Jl-ugu&t 31, 1852.
The House met at nine o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by the Rev. C. M. Butler.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk informs the Chair
that it has been impossible for him to make out a
full Journal of the proceedings of yesterday.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move to dispense with
the reading of the Journal.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. . I beg leave to make a report
from the Committee of Conference upon the post
route bill,
Mr, COBB. I ask the gentleman from Iowa
[Mr. Clark] to give way. You all know that the
civil and diplomatic bill is hung up here upon a
proposition made by me yesterday, to reconsider
the vote by which it was passed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The gentleman
can hold on to his motion.
Mr. COBB. I rise to a privileged question.
The SPEAKER. There is a privileged ques-
tion pending to make a report from a Committee
of Conference.
The report from the Committee of Conference
upon the post route bill was then read, as fol-
lows:
That the Committee of Conference on the part of the two
Houses upon the disagreeing votes upon the bill for estab-
lishing post roads having met and fully and freely conferred,
agree to recommend to their respective Houses as follows:
Tlmt tlif House recede from its disagreement to Senate
amendment No 39, and agiee to the same with an amend-
ment, town: Add at the end thereof, Provided, That the
contiacts authorized l-y this section be let to the lowest
bi dcr, Recording to the provisions of the exisiing laws:
Andprooid&1 further, That the amountpaid shall m no case
exceed the amount of postage derived from the said mails,.
That the Senate recedc from amendments numbered 43,
44, 45, 46, and 49.
And that the House recede from its disagreement to Senate
amendment* numbered 47, 48, 50, and 53.
'I'll,it ihere be added at the end ol Maine, 11 from south
Paris, Maine, to Harrison, North Bridgton, Bridgton, West
Budgton. to Fryeburgh."
THOS. J. RUSK,
GEO. E. BADGER,
SOLON BORLAND,
On the part of the Senate.
LIISTOOL^ CLARK.
S. G. IIAVEN.
W. P. HALL,
On the-part oj the House.
Mr. CLARK. I will simply state that this re-
port rejects those sections most obnoxious to the
House, especially those authorizing marshals to
seize packages, &c. I call the previous question
upon the report.
Mr. CLEVELAND. I wish to inquire of the
gentleman from Iowa, whether those amendments
in regard to the revision of the penal law are all
retained ?
Mr. CLARK. They remain.
Mr. KING, of New York. I desire to have
the sections read, that we may have an opportu-
nity to know how the bill stands.
The SPEAKER. They were all read yester-
day.
Mr. KING-. The House rejected nearly the
whole of them. My object in wishing the whole
report read is, that we may know what they re-
port to adopt, and what they report to reject, and
without reading all the sections we cannot possi-
bly know. We can know nothing from the num-
bers.
The SPEAKER. The amendments, for the
purpose of having them enrolled, were left up to
the latest moment m the Clerk's office, where they
are now. They will be sent for.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I move to dispense with
the further reading of the amendments.
Mr. KING. There are one or two sections
quite obiectionable.
Mr. WASHBURN. I would ask the gentle-
man from Iowa [Mr. Clark] if he can tell us what
portions of the amendments in the printed bill are
retained, and what rejected ?
Mr. CLARK. The_43d, 44th, 45th, 46th, and
49th amendments of the Senate are rejected, com-
prising the following sections, viz:
43d amendment.
"Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be
lawful for any person other than the e.aptain or commander
of such ship or vessel, to carry or transport any letter or
packet, or parcel containing letters, on board of any ship or
vessel winch shall sail from or be bound to any port or place
in the United States, at or within three miles of which there
shall be any post office of the United States; and all pas-
sengers and other persons on board such ship or vessel s>hall
deliver all letters, and packages, and parcels containing a
letter or letters, to such captain or commander, as soon as
practicable after the receipt thereof, or after their arrival on
board such ship or vessel; and for every violation of this
provision, a penalty of one hundred dollars is hereby im-
posed, to be recovered by presentment, by information or
qui tam action, one half for the use of the informer, and
one half for tho use of the Post Office Department. And it
shall be the duty of such captain or commander, within
twenty-four hours after his arrival at any port of the United
States, within three miles of which there shall be a post
office, to deliver all letters, and packages and parcels con-
taining letters, in his custody, power, or control, into the
post othce at or nearest said port; and every such captain
or commander who shall refuse or willfully neglect to de-
liver the same, as aforesaid, shall forfeit the sum of five
hundred dollars, and he shall also forfeit double the amount
of postage which would have been chargeable on such let-
ters if so delivered as aforesaid, either or uoth of which may
beiecoveied in any court having cognizance thereof, one
half of which shall be (or the use of the party prosecuting
tor the same, and the other half for the use of the Post Of-
fice Department."
44th amendment.
" Sec. 7. And be it further enactcd, That any proprietor,
member, oi agent of any express company, or other com-
pany engaged in the transportation of packages or parcels
for hire, or any other peison engaged in such transportation,
whether as principal or agent, or temporarily or otherwise,
who hhall carry or cause to be carried, in violation ot any
act of Conyress, upon or over any post road, or between
any ports or places within the United States, or between
any poit in the United states and any port in any foreign
country between which trie mails ot the United States an;
carried, any letter or communication in wnting, or shall
knowingly carry or cause to be carried any package or par-
cel containing any letter or letters, or other paper or papers
in writing, or partly written and partly printed, conveying
information of any kind whatever, shall, m addition to the
penalties by this act, or at anytime heretofore prescribed
lor such offense, be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and
on conviction thereof, shall be subject to imprisonment for
a term not exceeding three months, and to pay a fine not
exceeding five hundred dollars for every such offense."
45th amendment:
" Sec.8. And he it further enacted, That every contract-
or for carrying the mails of the United States, by land or
watej, and every agent or employee of such contractor who
shall knowingly transport over all or any portion of the
route of said contractor, any proprietor, member, agent, or
messenger of any express company, or any person engaged
in the transportation of parcels or packages for hire, while
such contractor shall know or have good reason to believe
that such proprietor, member, agent, messenger, or person,
carries or is engaged in carrying letters, or parcels or pack-
ages containing a letter or letters, on the route of said con-
j tiactor or any part thereof, in violation of any law of the
i United States, or shall knowingly carry any boxes, bags,
I trunks, packages, or paiceb, belonging to or in the custody
I of such proprietor, member, agent, messenger, or persons
I which he shall know or have reason to suspect contains
! any letter or letters, such contractor shall be guilty of a mis-
j demeanor, and on conviction thereof shall be liable to a
j tine not exceeding one year's pay of such contiactor; and
j the Postmaster General shall have power, upon such con-
, viction, by an instrument in writing under his hand and
| seal, to declare the contract lor the transportation of the
1 mail by such contractor null and void, from such Ume as
ij lie may designate in such instrument."
46th amendment:
Sec. 9. Jlnd be it further enacted, That in respect to
any moneys which have come or shall hereafter come into
the possession or custody of any of the agents of the Post
Office Department, or any of the officeis of the United
States, oi shall have been paid to the order of the Post-
master General, as provided in the second section of the act
entitled 'An act to amend the act entitled An act to reduce
i ' the rates ot postage, to hunt the use and correct the abuse
, i 4 of the flanking privilege, and for the prevention of frauds
i 4 on the revenues ofthe Post Office Department, passed 3d
j c day of March, 1845,' approved March 1st, 1847, it shall be
,! lawful for the Postmaster General to receive all such in-
1 formation and statements, under oath or otherwise, from
|i the special agents ot the Department, the claimants, and
! all other persons, as he may deem proper, whether the
! i same would or would not be competent evidence m a court
I; of justice; and he may, after having given to the claimants,
il by publishing the same as often as once a week for three
mouths in such and so inanv public newspapers as he may
i, direct, a notice to come in and substantiate their claims-,
ij make an order for the payment thereof to such person or
!' persons, arid m such proportions as he may deem just and
i j proper, notwithstanding there mavbe no certain conclusive
! evidence of the ownership of the same ; and when such an
order shall be examined, and the same approved by the At-
torney Geneial,by an instrument under the hand of such At-
torney General, such moneys shall be distributed according
to such order."
49th amendment:
" Sec. 12. And be it further enacted, That the Post-
! master Geneial be authorized to contract or make other
ariangements foi the transportation of mails of the United
| State*? tbiough any t'oieign country, and also for their trans-
j portation by such transient or other vessels as may be run-
i rung between ports of the United States and foreign ports,
! or between foteign ports, in cases where there are no con-
! tiaets or anangements therefor, and to provide for the col-
li Jection, by prepayment or otherwise, of such postages as
may be due to the United States on such letters and other
mailable matter as may be sent under such arrangements
and contracts, either in the United States or at such foreign
ports, and for that purpose to use and employ as agents the
several consuls of the United States, or such other persons
as he may think lit; Provided, That no arrangement shall
be made which will violate the laws prevailing in such for-
eign ports or countries, or any treaty of the United States,
and that the whole compensation to be paid for the trans-
portation of such letters and mailable matter, shall in all
case3_ be so limited by the terms of such contracts or ar-
rangements, as not to exceed the whole amount of the post-
age chargeable upon the letters and mailable matter carried
under the same."
Mr. KING. Now the gentleman will please
read those which the committee have adopted.
Mr. CLARK then read the following sections,
which were retained.
39th amendment:
" Sec. 2. And he it further enacted, That the Postmaster
General be, and he is hereby, authorized to enterinto a con-
tract for the transportation ot the United States mail on
board of the steam vessels which at present ply regularly
between Boston, in the State of Massachusetts, and Hali-
fax, in Nova Scotia, upon such terms as may appeal to lnm
reasonable."
The Committee of Conference add the following
to the above:
" Provided, That the contracts authorized by this section
be let to the lowest bidder, according to the provisions of
existing laws: And piovidedfurther, That the amount paid
shall in no case exceed the amount of postage derived from
the said mails."
47th amendment:
"Sec. 30. And be it further enacted, That the Postmas-
ter General may from time to time, by and with the advice
and consent ofthe President, make any arrangements which
may be deemed just and expedient, for allowing the mails
of Canada, or of any other Province, State, or country ad-
joining the United States, to be carried or transported atthe
expense of the Province, State, or country to which such
mails belung, over any part or portion ofthe territory ofthe
United States, from one point in the Province, State, or
country to which such mails belong, to any other point in
the same, upon obtaining the same privileges for the tians-
portation of the mails of the United States through the Prov-
ince, State, or country to which such privilege shall be
granted: Provided, That such privileges may at anytime
be annulled by the President of the United States, or by
joint resolution of the two Houses of Congress, from and
after the expiration of one month next succeeding the day
on which the notice of the act of the President or of the
joint resolution of the two Houses shall be given to the
chief executive officer or head of the Post Office Depart-
ment of the Province, State, or country, whose privilege is
to be thereby annulled."
48th amendment:
"Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That every mail of
any Province, State, oi uouutry, hdving the privilege au-
thorized to be granted in and by the next preceding section,
shall, while in the territories of the United States, be
deemed and taken to be a mail of the United States, so far
as to make any violation thereof or any depredation thereon,
or any act or offense in respect thereto or any part thereof,
which would be punishable under the existing laws of the
United States, in ease the same had been a mail or part
of a mail of the United States, an offense of the same grade
and punishable in the same manner and to the same extent
as though the said mails were those of the United Stales ;
and in any indictment for such act or offense, the said mails
or any part thereof may be alleged to be, and on the trial of
any such indictment they shall be deemed and held to be,
mails or parts of mails ofthe United States."
50th amendment:
"Sec. 13. And be it further enacted, That the Postmaster
General shall be, and be is he eby, authorized to provide
and furnish to all postmasters and other persons applying
and paying therefor suitable letter envelopes, with such
water marks or other guards against counterfeits as he may
deem expedient, and with one or more suitable postage
stamps, with such device and of such denominations and
value as he may direct, printed or impressed thereon, which
envelopes shall be sold at the cost of procuring and furnish-
ing the same, as near as may he, with the addition of the
value or denomination of the postage stamps so printed or
impressed theieon or attached thereto as aforesaid; and
letters, when inclosed m such envelopes, with postage
stamps printed or impressed thereon, (the postage stamp or
stamps m every such case being of the value, denomination,
or amount required to prepay the postage which would be
chargeable on such letters and envelopes, if sent by mail,
to the place of their destination, under the provisions ofthe
Jaws then in force, and such stamps and envelopes not
having been used before,) shall pa^s in the mails as prepaid
letters ; and all letters inclosed in such envelope* as s.lioll
be provided and furnished by the Postmaster General, as
first in this section presenbed, and with postage stamps
thereon as aforesaid, (and such postage stamp? on such en-
velopes being equal in value and amount to the rates of
postage to which such letters would be liable, if sent by
mail, and such postage stamps and envelopes not having
been before used.) may be sent, conveyed, and delivered
otherwise than by post or mail, notwithstanding anv prohi-
bition thereof under any existing law : Provided, That the
said envelope shall be dulv sealed, or otherwise firmly and
securely closed, so that such letter cannot be taken there-
fioin without tearing or destroying such envelope, and the
same duly directed and addressed, and the date of such let-
ter, or of the leeeipt or transmission theieof to be written
or stamped, or otherwise appear on such envelope."
53d amendment:
"Sec. 15. And be it further enacted, That all fines and
