1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
715
consent of the committee allow the gentleman to
proceed?
The CHAIRMAN. Not in the opinion of the
Chair. The hour of the gentleman having1 ex-
pired, it was moved that he have leave to proceed
by unanimous consent. The Chair decides that,
as a matter of order, it is not competent for the
committee to vary the rule in that respect; and in
connection with that decision he would repeat the
remark, that some time since a like ruling was
made by the gentleman then occupying the Chair,
and was acquiesced in by the committee. From
this decision an appeal is taken.
Mr. ORR, In that case, the hour for closing
the debate had terminated.
The CHAIRMAN. In the opinion of the
Chair, that does not alter the case. In the first
instance, the time was fixed by an order of the
House. In this case, it is limited by a standing
rule of the House which is imperative upon the
committee.
Mr. ORR. By unanimous consent we can do
anything.
The CHAIRMAN. t The question is, « Shall
the opinion of the Chair stand as the judgment of
the committee ?"
Mr. CABLE, of Ohio. I move to lay the ap-
peal upon the table.
The CHAIRMAN. It is not competent for
the committee to lay the appeal upon the table.
Mr. EW1NG. If the Chair will allow me. If
the gentleman from Maine is allowed to proceed
ta occupy his full hour, does the decision of the
committee deprive the gentleman from California
of the floor?
The CHAIRMAN. It will be competent for
the gentleman from California to yield the floor to
allow the gentleman to proceed, but it will be de-
ducted from his time.
Mr. MARSHALL. If the committee give that
also at the hitter place, 111 the office of Mr. Ritchie, editor
of the Enquirer. You heaid my remaiks, ana I now re-
quest you to say whether they were coirect, so fai as your
name was involved ; or rather, to give me a brief statement
covering the subject-matter.
Respectfully, your obedient servant,
JOHN C. BRECKINRIDGE.
J. A. Parker, Esq.
Washington". March 10, 9 o'clock, p m.
Sir : In answer to your note, this moment received, I
have to say, that I heard jour speech this day in the House,
and solar as. my name was connected with th« subject under
discussum, your statement was entirely correct as far as it
went. In justice to myself and all others, I beg leave to
add, that on the 10th day of February last, I started from
this city to Richmond on buaness of very great importance
to myself and otheis, (which had been several days de-
layed in consequence of my inability to leave this city,)
and in no manner or form connected with politics. As
soon as I went on boatd the steam-boat, I saw a very laige
numher of copies of the January number of the " Demo-
cratic Review," and the agent, a Mr. Foster, exhibiting a
recommendation of said work turned by some members of
Congress ; which signature*, he said, he obtained on the
Fndav and Saturday before, (viz., the 6th and 7th of Feb-
ruaiy.) Judge Douglas's name was signed at the bottom
of the paper, and differed from the others in this : " I most
cordially concur in the above recommendation. S. A.
Douglas." The agent was then asked if the peisons sign-
ing the recommendation knew the contents, and he icphcd,
" that he presumed they did, and especially Judge Doug-
las, who had said to him on the 9th of Februaiy, he feared
the article would do him more harm than good.'' A large
number of gentlemen were present and saw the recom-
mendation, and heard Mr Foster's statement. Mr. Cham-
bless (late of the Virginia Convention) and myself pur-
chased copies. Mr. C. soon called inv attention to the
"leadei," headed, the "Presidency, 1859.'1 On the 12th,
%vhtle sitting in the office of Mr. W. F. Ritchie, of the En-
quirer, Mr. Foster came in and exhibited the same paper,
and made the same statement be had made on the steam-
boat. (lie also stated other thing* which f do not wish now
to repeat.) I at once saw the evil which was about to be
inflicted on the Democratic party,and drew fiommy pock-
et ashoit appeal, Mgncd " An Rye Witness,'' which T had
piepared, (after consulting several piomment Democrats,
anion* them I will name General R. Muse, and \V. O.
Good?, Esq., of the Hou-e of Delegates,) and read it to Mr.
Ritchie, in the presence of the n<>enty Mr. Foster, and sent
it immediately to the printing office. Mr. Ritchie was here
on the 5th instant, and distinctly recollects the facts and cir-
cumstances abo\e ffiven. It is due to the Democratic par-
ty, and due to myself, to declare, as T do now most solemnly,
that in making the appeal signed " An Eye Witness," pub-
lished in the "Enquirer," I had not the most remote idea
of makmc an attack on any one. Nor can that mticle be
so eon&ti tied bv any mjpartial or disinterested person. My
sole object was to give those who had signed the recom-
mendation iniormation of the use and abuse ot their names,
and an opportunity ol pubhelv repudiating the contents of
tlie Januarv number. I regret the length of this note ; less
1 could not say—more I do not wish to say, and hope I
shall have no occasion to say.
With creat respect, your obedient servant,
* JOHN A. PARKER.
Hon. John C. Breckinridge, Washington,
privilege, I certainly do not forfeit my right to the
floor.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I understand
that the gentleman from Maine does not wish to
proceed, but that he will write out his remarks.
Mr. HALL. I withdraw my appeal.
Mr. ORR. I renew it.
The question was then put, " Shall the decision
of the Chair stand as the judgment of the com-
mittee," and upon a division there were—ayes 40,
noes 68. No quorum.
Mr. ORR demanded tellers; which were or-
dered, and Messrs. Chandler and Fowler were
appointed.
Mr. POLK. I would ask the gentleman from
Maine if he desires to proceed with his remarks?
Mr. SMART. He does, certainly. He de-
sires to go on, if permitted by the courtesy of the
House.
The question was again put, aud the decision of
the Cluur was overruled, the tellers having re-
ported—ayes 52, noes 70.
The CHAIRMAN. Is unanimous consent
given to the gentleman's proceeding?
Mr. EWL\G. I do not wish to interpose any
objection, unless the effect of granting unanimous
consent will be to deprive the gentleman from Cal-
ifornia of the floor.
Mr. MARSHALL. I am anxious to ask the
Chairman one question, which I desire to have
settled at this stage of the proceedings, it being of
some consequence to myself. Do 1 lose the floor,
in the opinion of the Cnair, if unanimous consent
is given to the gentleman from Maine to proceed
with his remarks for the balance of his hour? I
yielded the floor that the committee might take 1
action upon the question submitted.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman having
yielded the floor, as one having given the unani-
mous consent, would stand like other members
with regard to the floor, at the conclusion of the
remarks of the gentleman from Maine.
Mr. CLINGMAN. It was my proposition
that was adopted, and I must remind the Chair
that the proposition I made, and the one upon
which the committee voted, was, that the gentle-
man should be allowed to speak out his time with-
out the member from California losing his right
to the floor.
Mr. MARSHALL. I understood both propo-
sitions to be embraced, and the committee have
agreed to them.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is unable to
recollect the precise language used by the gentle-
man m his motion. The Chair ruled that it was
not competent for the committee, by their action, to
change the rule of the House limiting the time of
speaking to one hour. This was all the question
then before the committee. That decision was
reversed. The Chair entertains the opinion, that
the gentleman from California, by yielding the
floor to the gentleman from Maine, will have for-
feited his claim to it as a matter of right. When, jj
however, the gentleman from Maine has concluded \\
his remarks, this question will properly come up lj
to be decided, in case the floor is awarded to any |j
other member and the gentleman from California '!
claims it as a matter of right. I
Mr. WASHBURN, t will not occupy any ij
more of the time of the committee. Upon the i|
whole, I have decided that I will yield the floor to i1
the gentleman from California. jj
Mr. APPLETON, of Maine. With the per- ;
mission of the gentleman from California, who i
prefers speaking to-morrow, I will move the com- ;
mittee rise. '
Mr. MARSHALL. I would ask the indul- ,
gence of the committee thus far, to rise for the j
present, and give me an opportunity to speak to- \
morrow morning. I have not consumed much of'
the time of the House, and do not propose to do I
so. 1
A Member. Let some one else make a speech. ;
Mr. MARSHALL. I have been endeavoring
for the last few hours to try to get some one to |
speak. j
A Voice. Giddings will speak. [Laughter.] !
Mr. MARSHALL. I would suggest, if the |
House would be kind enough to listen to me, that i
there is abundant business to occupy our atten-,
tion. , ;
Mr. ROBR1NS demanded tellers; which were |
ordered. :
The question was then taken, (Messrs. Bkale !
and Meacham acting as tellers,) and resulted- 
eyes 69, noes 40.
So th-e motion was agreed to.
Thecommittee rose accordingly, and theSpeaker
having resumed the chair, the chairman of the
committee reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union had had the
Union generally under consideration, and partic-
ularly the special order, being House bill No. 7,
to encourage agriculture and for other purposes,
and had come to no conclusion thereon.
REPAIR OF THE LIBRARY EXTENSION OF
THE CAPITOL.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I desire to sub-
mit a motion to the House, if it be in order now,
to postpone the further consideration of the special
order, which has just been under consideration by
the Committee of the Whole, for a week, with a
view of taking up two bills which have been set as
special orders for to-day—one for repairing the
Capitol, and the other for its extension. I am sat-
isfied these bills can be disposed of in a shoft time,
if the House will consent to it.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. The gentle-
man can attain his object just as well by moving
to reconsider the votes referring these bills to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
with the view to bring them before the Hou<se,
and thereby not disturb the regular order of busi-
ness.
The SPEAKER. The motion to reconsider
can be submitted to the House by unanimous
consent.
Mr. JOHNSON. The House can bring these
bills back by unanimous consent. The gentleman
from Kentucky had better change his motion, and
i let it take that form.
! Mr. GENTRY. Try that.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. It seems to
be the wish of the House I should submit that
motion, I desire both bills set as the special or-
ders of the day, shall be considered.
Several Members. Discharge the committee
from the Library bill only.
Mr. STANTON. Both these bills are of equal
importance. J move, then, to reconsider the vote
by which the Library bill was committed to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
with the view of having it taken up in the House.
The SPEAKER. By unanimous consent the
motion will be entertained.
The question was then taken, and it was decided
in the affirmative.
So the vote was reconsidered.
Mr. STANTON. 1 move that the bill be put
upon its passage, and I call for the previous ques-
tion .
REPAIR OF THE LIBRARY.
The SPEAKER. The Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union has been discharged, by
the unanimous consent of the House, from the
further consideiation of the Senate bill to provide
foi the repair of the Congressional Library, lately
destroyed by fire, and the bill is regularly before
the House.
Mr. COBR. When was it done?
The SPEAKER. About five minutes ago.
Mr. COBB, The motion was to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was sent to the Committee
of the Whole.
The SPEAKER. The committee was dis-
charged, by the unanimous consent of the House.
Mr. COBB. I have no objection to it.
Mr. STANTON. I have called the previous
question upon my motion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is inclined to
think, that the rule which requires a bill to be con-
sidered in Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, would have to be suspended. The vote
by which the committee was discharged does not
work a suspension of that mle.
Mr. GENTRY. That rule assumes that it has
been discussed and considered in Committee of
the Whole to the satisfaction of that committee
and the House. The House olwavs determine
when they will terminate the consideration of a
bill in Committee of the Whole.
The SPEAKER. Is it the pleasure of the
House that the rule be reeinded for the purpose
of acting upon this bill ? The Chair hears no ob-
jection, and the question will be upon ordering the
, bill to be read a third time, and upon this, the
previous question has been demanded.
