1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2491
penalties imposed for any violation of any law relating to
the Post Office Department shall, when collected or recov-
eied, be paid into the Treasury to the credit of the United
States, for the use of the Post Office Department, except-
ing, however, such part thereof as may by law belong to
the party informing or prosecuting for the same."
Mr. KING. There was a section making it
obligatory upon the Postmaster General to putin
operation certain routes.
Mr. CLA.K.K. The first one was adopted.
Mr. HALL. Section second, which provided
for the transportation of the mail from Boston to
Halifax in steamers, was adopted with an amend-
ment. The amendment requires that the con-
tract shall be let to the lowest bidder; and it pro-
vides further that no more shall be paid for
transporting the mail, in any event, than the rev-
enues arising from those mails. There was an
amendment providing for paying the contractor
for carrying the United States mails between for-
eign ports. That was rejected. Then the last
section, providing for the carrying of a daily mail
from Louisville to Cairo, &c., was adopted.
The House was then divided on seconding the
previous question, and there were—ayes 51, noes
9; no quorum voting.
Mr. DEAN". I move that there be a call of the
House.
The question was put, and the motion was
agreed to.
The roll was then called, and ]35 members an-
swered to their names.
Mr. DEAN. I move that all further proceed-
ings under the call be dispensed with.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
Mr. HALL. I insist upon the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. The question is upon sec-
onding the demand for the previous question.
The previous question then received a second,
and the main question was ordered to be put.
The question was then taken upon agreeing to
the report of the committee, and it was decided in
the affirmative.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
Mr. COBB. I will not detain the House by
any lengthy remarks. Yesterday, under a sense
of duty to myself, as well as a sense of duty
which I considered that I owed to my country, 1
took action contrary to my will, and in regard to
an amendment to the civil and diplomatic bill. I
now call up the motion I then made to reconsider
the vote by which the civil and diplomatic bill was
Mr. LETCHER. I move to lay that motion
upon the table.
Mr. COBB. Will the gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Letcher] wait until he gets the floor before
the makes that motion ?
[Cries of " Order!" " Order!"]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Alabama
will confine his remarks to the question under
consideration.
Mr. COBB. Yesterday when the proposition
before the House was to agree with the amend-
ments proposed by the Committee of Conference !
upon that bill I withheld my vote, hoping that ;
there would be men enough found in this House ;
who, believing that the amendments were right, j
would sustain the report. 1 found, however, when !
the vote was about to be announced, that it took j
myself and one other to sustain the measure. I <
took upon myself then the responsibility of voting j
for the amendments, although it was the bitterest ,
pill 1 ever took in my life, with a view to keep
the civil and diplomatic bill alive, that there might
not be the probability of its being entirely lost,
relying, as I did, upon you, Mr. Speaker, to
come to the rescue, as you have in former cases
when the country was in danger. I believed you
would give thecastmg vote and sustain the amend-
ments. The bill as a whole I could not agree to,
although there are provisions in it for which I
could most cordially vote. I felt it my duty to
sustain that bill by giving it my vote, although
mv judgment and my feelings were against it.
This is all I desire to say, and I withdraw the
motion to reconsider.
Mr. HALL moved to reconsider the vote by
which the report of the Committee of Conference
upon the post route bill was agreed to, and also
to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table;
which latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the report of the Committee of
Conference upon the civil and diplomatic bill was
agreed to, and also to lay the motion to reconsider
upon the table; which latter motion was agreed to.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HOUSTON. I wish to makea report from
the Committee of Conference upon the Army ap-
propriation bill. But before I do that, I will thank
my colleague [Mr. Cobb] for his patriotic feelings
in saving the civil and diplomatic bill; but I was
satisfied that the bill was in no danger, and that
there was not a single individual in this House,
who would have been willing to defeat that bill, if
it had depended upon his single vote.
1 move the previous question upon the report
which 1 present from the Committee of Confer-
ence on the Army bill.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I was in hopes
that my friend [Mr. Houston] was not so unkind
as to strip his colleague [Mr. Cobb] and the
Speaker of the distinguished honor-of saving the
country when it was in a great crisis. [Laughter.]
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question was ordeied to be put.
[Mr. HENN,from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, here reported as correctly enrolled " An act
for the relief of Z. F. Johnston;" which thereupon
received the signature of the Speaker.]
The repoit of the Committee of Conference on
the Army appropriation bill was then read, as fol-
lows:
The Committee of Conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the bill (II. R. 220) " making appro-
priations loi the suppoit of the Army lor the year ending
the 30th of June, lbo3," having met, and after full and free
conference, have agreed to recommend, and do recommend,
to the respective Houses, as follows:
That the House of' Representatives do recede from their
disagreement to the 2(1, 7th, 12th, 14th, loth, 19th, 22(1, 23d,
24th, 25th, 26th, 28th, and 30th amendments of the Seriate,
and agiee thereto.
That the House ot Representatives do recede from their
disagreement to the 1st amendment of the Senate, and agree
to the same with an amendment, as follows :
Page i, line 4, after the woid "dollars/' insert the fol-
lowing: " Provided, That the Commissary Department may
use, in advance of the regular appropriations for the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1854, $275,000 of said sum for said
fiscal year "
That the House of Representatives do recede from their
disagreement to the 3d amendment of the Senate, and
agree to the same, with an amendment, as follows:
Page 1, line 3. Stuke out the words "three hundred,"
and insert in lieu thereof the words "two hundred and
fifty."
That the House of Representatives do recede from their
dir^agieement to the 16th amendment of the Senate, and
agree to the same with amendments, as follows:
Page 4, hne 16, after the word " report," insert the words
" to Congress."
Page 4, line 21, after the word " service," strike out all
to woid " same," in line 25, inclusive.
That the House of Representatives do recede from their
disagreement to the 17th amendment of the Senate, and
agree to the same with an amendment, as follows:
Page 5, line 13, alter the word "Mexico," strike out ail
to end of section.
That the House of Representative* do recede from their
disagreement to the 21st amendment of the Senate, and
agree to the same with amendments, as follows:
Page 8, line 15, after the word Department," strikeout
all to the word "State," inclusive, in line 18, and add at
the end of the section : " Provided, That the same princi-
ples be applied in the settlement of the claims of the State
of Alabama, and all other State«, for moneys advanced in
raising, subsiding, and transporting troops for the Mexican
wai."
And that the Senate do rccede from its 5th, 6th, 8th, 10th,
11th, 13th, 18th, and 29th amendments.
GKORGK S HOUSTON,
W. A GORMAN,
EDWARD S'FANLY,
Committee of Conference on the putt of the House.
J. D. IJRIGHT,
WILLIAM C D\WSON,
liHHIARJ) BRODHKAD,
Committee of Conference on the part, of the Senate.
Amendments to be receded from.
The Committee of Conference recommended
that the House of Representatives do recede from
their disagreement of the following Senate amend-
ments, and do agree thereto, viz:
2d amendment. Insert the words in italics in
the following clause:
""For the regular supplies of Quartermaster's Depart-
ment, consisting of fuel, forage in kind forthe horses, mules,
and oxen of the'QuaitermasterV Department, at the several
military postf and stations, and with the armies m the field;
for the horses of the first and secondregnnentsot dragoons,
the companies of light artillery, the regiment of mounted
riflemen, and such companies of infantry as may he mount-
ed, and also for the authorized number of officers' horses
when serving m the field and at the outposts; of stiaw for
soldiers'bedding; and of stationery, including company and
other blsnk books for the Army, certificates for discharged
soldiers, blank forms for the Pay and Q,uarterma*ter's De-
pal tments, and for the printing of division and Department
ordeis, Army regulations and reports, one million one hun*
dred and sixty thousand dollars."
7th amendment. Insert:
"For continuing the topographical and hydrographical
survey of the delta of the Mississippi, with such investiga-
tions as may lead to determine the most practicable plan tor
securing it from inundation, {$30,000."
12th amendment. After the word <f fifty-two,"
in the following section—
"Seo.2. And be it further rnoeJcrf, That all actsorpaits
of acts authorizing the President of the United States, or
the Secretary of the proper Department under hisdiieehon,
to transfer any portion of the moneys appropriated for a par-
ticular braneli of expenditure in that Department t'  be ap-
plied to another branch of expenditure in the same Depart-
ment, he, find are he eby,so Jar as relates to the Department
of War, jepealed ; and no portion of the moneys appropria-
ted by this act shall he applied to the payment of any ex-
penses incurred prior to the 1st day of July, 1852"—
insert the following:
" But nothing herein contained shall be so constiued as
to prevent the President fiom authorizing appropriations for
the subsistence of the Army, for forage, for medu al and hos-
pital departments,and tor the Quaiteimaster's Department,
to he applied to anv other of the above mentioned branches
of expenditure in the same depaitment, and appiopriations
made for a specific object for one fiscal year •'hall not be
transferred to any other object after the expiration of that
year."
14th amendment. Add the following section:
" Pec. 4. And be it farther enacted, That all the unex-
pended balances remaining of sums appropriated for fortifi-
cations, and now liable to revert to the surplus fund, are
hereby reappropriated."
15th amendment. Add the following section:
"Sec. 5. And be it further enacted. That paymaster's
clerks shall be entitled to receive one ration per day when
on duty at their stations, to be computed at the price now
authorized when traveling on duly."
39th amendment. Add the following section:
" Snc. 8. And tic it fuithcr enact ed, That the Secretary
of War be directed to pay to each of the survivors, or the
heirs of those who have died, of the sfeimnole warnors,
who were mustered into the service of the (Jmted States at
Fort ISrooke in December, 1835, an amount erjual to three
months' pay and allowances of a pi ivate soldier?n the At my
of the United states: Provided. That the amount so paid
.shall not exceed $370: And provided, also, That such
amount paid shall be in full of all claims of said friendly
Semmoles during the Florida war, for compensation and
lor indemnity on account of looses s-ustained."
22d amendment. Add the following section:
"Sr.c. 11. And be U further enacted. That m the adjust-
ment of tbe accounts of the Slate of Maine, under the act
of 13th of June, 1812, the proper accounting officers of the
Treasury be, and they are hereby, directed to include and
allow all claims which have been heietofore presented un-
der said act: Provided, It shall be satisfactorily shown that
said claims have been actually allowed and paid by the
State."
23d amendment. Add the following section:
"Sec. 12. And be it further enacted, That the Seoetary
of Wai allow, and pay to the State of Virginia, all sums
that may have been advanced by that State lo the officers
and men of her regiment of volunteers engaged to serve
for and during the war then existing between the United
States and Mexico, for pay for their service* from the day
of their enrollment until they were mnsteicd into the ser-
vice of the United States: Provided, The came has not
been paid heretofore by the United States to any of the
officers or men for said service."
24th amendment. Add the following section:
"Skc 13 And heit further eynuted. That the Secretary
of War be, arid lie is herebv, authonzed and requned to
pay to the State of South Carolina, out ol any money m the
Treasury not otheiwi-e appropriated, --iieli t-um^ of money
as were paid by said State in 183d, 1831', and 1840, lor ser-
vices, Ios-m**, and damage* sustained by her volunteers in
the Florida war ot I83'i, 1837,and 1838, while in the ^eivice
of the United States, and on their return from said service,
ac were ascertained and allowed by a board of commis-
sioner.- appointed foi that purpose by an act of the Legis-
lature of said State m lt-37. Pioiidcd, houeicr. That no
interest shall be allowed upon the monevs paid to the State
of South Carolina undei the provisions of tins act."
25th amendment. Add the following section:
"Sec. 14. And be it further enacted, That in the settle-
ments of the claims in the Stale of Georgia under the piovia-
lorif ot the act of the 11th August, 1842, ptoviding for the
settlement of the claims of (ieoigia for the semee of her
mihlia, which have heretofore been suspended oi disal-
i lowed, the accounting officers of the Treasury Department
! allow and pay. upon proof that the State ha< allowed and
' paid the *ame, all account's lor forage, subsistence, hospital
stores, medical services, and transportation, which have not
been heretofore allowed by the United Staler,; that for the
pay of mounted infantry the pay of cavalry be allowed ; the
same to be paid out of the fund appioptiated by the act of
11th August, lfc42."
; 26th amendment. Add the following section:
"Src. If). And he it further enacted. That the proper
I accounting otfieeis of the Treasury Depaitment be, and they
| are hereby, auihouzed to adjust and «ett!e the claims of
Flonda for the service of her tioops under the act ol Feb-
j ruary 27, 1851, by the piovisions stated for tlie settlement
