1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1629
claim" have been parsed upon, and allowed by the Mexican
Clainv ('omnibMoii : And wherea«, among tfi©1 claims said
to be fradulent, was one belonging to Dr. John A. Gardiner,
amounting to a larpe sum. said to b<* nearly half a nulhon
ol dollars: And whereas a grand jury, for the Distrir-t of
Columbia, upon their oath«, have presented the «aid Dr.
Gaidmer for the cnme of perjury, committed m his testi-
mony, substantiating hi1? said claim before the said Mexican
Churns Commission : And wheieas, public tumor charges
that the Secretnrvof theTreasury wa^ the agent orcoun-el
of the said Dr. Gardiner, m the prosecution" of the s-aid al-
iened traudulent claim, and that the said Secretary of the
Trert«ury had a fce-mtere^t in «aid claim, amounting to a
large sum. said to he one hundred thousand dollars And
whereas, common lumor still further charges, that the said
Pecietary of the Treasury, for a sum said not to exceed fif-
teen thousand dollar, pureha-ed and held the one fourth in-
terest of said aliened ftaudulent claim: And whereas, the
said claim, amounting to four hundred and twenty-eight
thou-and seven hundied and filtv dolJai . ba5?, upon the
warrant of said Secretary of the Treasury, Ix'O'i paid - And
whereas, Mr. Corwin, disregarding the pledge of hi*- imme-
diate repjesentative, ha-, failed to call tor an investigation
of said allegations: Therefore.
Resolved, That a committee, to be appointed bv the
Spe.ikei, consisting of five member? of this liou.-e. be re-
quited to investigate all the fact* touching the connection
of the said Thomas Coiwm the present Secietaiy of the
Treasury, with the said Gardiner chum; what lee, if any,
hewa- to receive for his -services a> agent or counsel for
said Gardiner; what int^re^t, if an.", oih<jr than hi- f«*e-
lntete-tj he purchased and lHd, Pither directlv or iiidirccdv,
in said claim, and the amount paid or stipulated to he n'ud,
therelor, and conditions of nich purchase; at what June
he ceased to act as agent or counsel of esaid Gaxlm-n; to
whom and for what consideration he disposed of his fee-m-
ter M; to whom and for what consideration he disposed of
bi< one fourth interest m said claim.
Resolved further, That aaid committee have power to
send for pet sons and papers.
Mr. TOOMBS. I object to the resolution. I
desire the responsible charge from a responsible
source. If any gentleman makes lite charge upon
his own responsibility, I will not object. Public
rumor should not be brought m here against any-
body without caution.
Mr. OLDS. Has the gentleman reference to
the resolution 1 have introduced ?
Mr. TOOMBS. I have. Public rumor should
not be brought m here as (he sole basis of inquiry
into anybody's conduct. I will never act upon
public rumor to put anybody upon then- trial. It
is against the principles of jurisprudence of this
country.
Mr. OLDS. The rumor is of a character suf-
ficient to cause a committee of inquiry to be ap-
pointed.
Mr. TOOMBS. Iam opposed to acting upon
mere public rumor.
Mr. OLDS. There is more than public rumor
to justify the investigation.
Mr. POLK. How can you find out the truth
of facts unless a committee is appointed to make
inquiry ?
Mr. TOOMBS. Let some one father the charges.
That is the way to get at the matter.
Mr OLDS. I am disposed to father them.
Mr. TOOMBS. Then do it.
Mr. OLDS. I do.
BRAZILIAN INDEMNITY.
_ Mr, BAYLY, of Virginia. There is a bill upon
the Speaker's table which I have been instructed
by a unanimous vote of the Committee on Foreign
Allaire to ask to be taken up and passed. It
passed the Senate without opposition, and was
indorsed by the unanimous vote of our commit-
tee. If it is not passed in two days, the time will
have elapsed m which it can be done with the view
to any good.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I object to
the passage of that bill. I think it ought not to
pass.
Mr. BAYLY. I beg the gentleman from Ten-
nessee to withdraw Ins objection. I can satisfy
the House in a few minutes, that unless the bill is
passed within two days—to-day or to-morrow—
the greatest inconvenience and wrong will ensue.
The bill is with respect to the payment of the Bra-
zilian indemnity.
Mr. HOUSTON. I call for the regular order
of' business.
Mr. BAYLY. A motion to suspend the rules,
1 believe, is not now in order5
The SPEAKER. It is not, and will not be m
order till after the expiiation of the morning hour.
The first business in order is the consideration of
House bill No. 384, " A bill to grant the right of
way to all rail and plank roads passing through
the public lands belonging to the UnitedStates.'
The pending question is upon the motion to re-
com mit.
Mr. COBB. My object in moving the recom-
mittal of the bill to the Committee on Public
Lands,and calling the previous question upon that
motion, was to keep tne bill before the House. I
withdraw the call for the previous question, as my
object has been accomplished, and also the motion
to recommit the bill. "Were I aware of the sense
of the House upon this subject, T would not tres-
pass upon their time for one moment. This is a
public measure—one in which every State of the
Union feels more or less interest. Every man here
desirous of transacting the public business, must
feet the importance of passing a general bill pro-
viding for the granting to rail and plank road com-
panies the right of way through the public land of
the United States. There are, at this time, in the
Uniofl, fifty of these companies organized, and
progressing with the completion of such works.
Shall we, j ask, provide for special cases as they
come up, or now pass a general bill providing for
the whole of them? That is the question to be
submitted to everybody throughout the country,
especially this body. I am a fr.end of this meas-
ure, along with every other member of the House;
but not m any particular manner. It has been
suggested to me that 1 move that the hill be post-
poned till next Monday, and be ordered to be
printed. Eveiy member by that time may ex-
amine it thoroughly, mid be m a condition to vote
understandingly upon it. If any onem the House
desires its consideration postponed,! will make
the motion I have indicated.
[Cries of " Postpone it!" "Let us pass it
now!"]
Mr. COBB. Some say let us pass it now, and
others move to postpone its consideration. The best
course for nie to pursue, I think, is to submit the
motion that the bill be postponed till Monday
next, and that it be ordered to be printed. It will
be before each member, who then may vote ac-
cording to the dictates of his own judgment.
A Voice. The House will not be m session
next Monday.
Mr. COBB. Well, I will then move that the
consideration of the bill be postponed till Tuesday
week, and that it be printed.
Mr. HOCTS TON. Will that bill then come up
in the morning hour r
The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. HOUSTON. T have no objection to it.
So the further consideration of the bill was post-
poned till Tuesday week.
BRITAIN FRANKS.
Mr. COBB. I have a measure which I desire
to present for the consideration of the House,
which is founded upon principles of jus'ice. It is
an act for the relief of Britain Flunks. I have
not repoited a solitary measure, except one, in
winch my constituents have been interested. The
bill winch I now submit is one m winch my con-
stituents are interested, and it is one which I am
directed to repoit back to the House. I will state
the substance of it. I hold in my hands aland war-
rant issued to a soldier in the Mexican war, which
he thought advisable to sell before it was issued.
He constituted the Hon. Jeremiah Clemsks, of
the Senate of the United States, his attorney to
transfer the warrant, whenever it was issued, ot
the individual from whom he had received a val-
uable consideration. Every man here is aware
that the law makes such transfers void. After
the warrant was issued, the Hon. Mr. Clemens
went on to make the tiansfer according to tke pro-
visions of his power of attorney.
I received a letter, a few days ago, from a very
respectable house—the firm of Bradley, Wilson,
& Co.—in the town of Iiuntsville, Alabama, en-
closing this warrant, and stating that the gentle-
man to whom it was issued had committed a cap-
ital offense, and ran away. Unless this House,
by an act of liberality, authorize the gentleman
who sold the warrant to receive us benefits, it will
be lost to everybody. The contract was executed
in good faith, the power of attorney was executed
in good faith, and the transfer was made in good
faith. I nsk the House to pass the bill which has
been drawn up by the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office, and to which there can be no ob-
jection. They stated to me, at the Land Office,
that there are many precedents for the present bill.
I ask the House, then, to listen to the reading ot
the bill submitted from the General Land Office,
and if they choose to pass it, I will consider it as
' a great favor rendered to the individual who is en-
, titled to receive its benefits.
i The bill was then read through by the Clerk,
i Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I undeistand this
j to he a private bill, and I ask the House that it
i shall go to a Committee of the Whole House, and
, take its chances with all others.
1 Mr. COBB. I state the facts, and if the Rouse
' desire it, let them send this bill to a Committee of
| the 'Whole House.
Mr. JONES. I do not know as we shall ever
; get clear of calling on the Committee on Public
Lands for reports. The Committee on Claims
! have not reported for four or five months, and if
■ we set the example of now passing this private
, claim, the Committee on Claims will come up and
1 ask us to pass everything which they may report
to the House, and we shall not get through with
that committee during the remainder of this ses-
sion, even if we sit till the first day of September.
; I hope the House will let these bills all take the
same chance.
Mr. COBB. I make the motion I have, and I
: am willing to take the sense of the House. I am
, determined to submit to their will.
! Mr. NABERS. 1 will suggest to the gentle-
man that it would be better to frame a general
: bill for these cases. I have one of the same
character, and precisely in the same condition. A
general law for these cases will meet the ajjproba-
tion of the House
Mr. "RICHARDSON. I do not know that I
, am risht, as I am not very learned in the law; but
i it strikes me that where parties have not made con-
' tracts, it is not within the power of the legislative
; department to make one for them. I do not know
what are the facts in this case. I think the Object
I of legislation is to give a lemedy where contracts
■ have been made by the parties themselves. I do
not think that. Legislatures can make contracts for
the parties. Without a further examination of
this subject I do not think that I can vote for it,
although there may be other gentlemen in a condi-
tion to vote for it.
Mr. SWEETSER. I wish to suggest to the
■ gentleman that this contract was entered into m
direct violation of the law of Congress, which de-
clares such contracts to be void. Shall we sit
here and attempt now to ratify and confirm this
, class of contiacts, which are made m direct viola-
: tion of the law 5 I shall move to lay that bill upon
[ the table.
Mr RICHARDSON. I am not for disposing
: of this matter thus summarily. If we can accom-
plish the object which the gentleman has in view,
' \ am willing to do it. i do not see how we cire
' to accomplish that object now. 1 move, then, to
refer the bill to a Committee of the Whole House.
The question was then taken upon the motion,
and it was agreed to.
So the bill was referred to a Committee of the
1 Whole House.
, RIGIIT OF WAY AND GRANTS OF LAND TO
RAILROADS.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Public
! Lands, reported a bill granting the right of way
and a donation of land to the State of Alabama, to
aid in the construction of the Memphis and
' Charleston, and Sebna and Gunter's Landing,
and Winchester and Tennessee River railroads;
■ which was lead a first and second time by its title.
I Mr. COBB. From the progress the hands of
, yonder clock are making, 1 am satisfied that we
' will not have concluded action upon this bill be-
. fore the morning hour has expired, and it will go
- upon the Speaker's table, from whence it will never
come. If 1 make a motion to commit this bill to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and to print, and that shall be the motion
pending when the morning hour expires, will that
bring it up the first thmy: to-monow morning?
i The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. COBB. I then make that motion.
: - Mr JONES. I suppose the gentleman expects
1 to pass this bill without its going to the Commit-
tee of the Whole.
I Mr. COBB. I expect to pass or kill it.
1 Mr. JONES. I wish to ask the gentleman a
: question or two about the bill. A portion of the
road runs through a part of my State—the Win-
chester and Tennessee railroad. I wish to ask
! the gentleman if that road will run through one
foot"oP the public lands belonging to the United
