1852.
TH1 CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The House then adjourned until to-morrow
morning.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
By Mr. ALLISON: A bill making a grantof land to the
State of Pennsyivansa, in aid of the Hempfteid Railroad
Company.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions, memorials, &c., were presented
under the iuIc, and referred to the appropriate-committees:
By Mr. FLORENCE: The memorial of Henry R. Parker,
F. G. Wolbert, William Ilenwood, George C. Rickards,
and 56 otiieis, citizens of Philadelphia, praying for the ex-
tension of the Woodworth patent, for planing boards.
By Me. THOMAS M. IIOWE: The petition of F. A. Hut-
chison, Jame* Vincent, and other citizens of Peims>lvama,
praying that all the employees of the Government may be
relieved fiom duty on the Sabbath.
Also, the petition of Wilson S. King, J. S. M. Young,
and other citizens of Erie. Pennsylvania, praying for the
construction of a navy-yard or naval depot in connection
with a dry dock, at such point on the lake frontier as may
be selected by the Engineer Department.
By Mr. DOTY": The petition of citizens of the county of
Manitoowoc, for a grant of land to the Manitoowoc and
Mississippi Railroad Company.
By Mr. HARPER: The remonstrance of MichaelDulty
find 130 other citizens of Muskingum county, Ohio; and
the remonstrance of C. B. Goddatd and 67 other citizens
of said county; al^o, the remonstrance of James Johnson
and 75 oth^r citizens of Guernsey county, Ohio, praying
that the bridges of the Wheeling and Belmont Bridge Com-
pany may be established as post roads and permitted to
remain at their present height.
By Mr. MILLER: The petition of Henry Clamoryand
and others, pravnig a confirmation of title to certain lands
therein mentioned.
Also, the petition of sundry citizens of Pettis and Saline
counties, Missouri, for a mail route from Saline county to
Georgetown. Pettis county.
By Mr. DAVIS,of Massachusetts: The petition of Edwin
H. Seymour, of Massachusetts, asking a pension for ser-
vices in the Mexican war.
By Mr. MACE: The remonstrance of E. H. Beck and
100 others, citizens of Carroll county, Indiana, against the
extension of the Woodworth patent.
By Mr. BOBBINS: The petition of George Painter, and
151 other*, citizens of Philadelphia county, asking Congress
to grant a further extension of the Wood worth patent.
Sy Mr. ALLISON: A memorial from the Directors of
the HempfieM Railroad Company, for an appropriation of
public lands to aid in the promotion of their work.
By Mi. BABCOCK : The petition of 1' 8 citizens of Os-
wego county, Now York, for u marine hospital at the port
of Oswego.
B^ Mr. McLANAHAN : A memorial from citizens of
Cumberland county, Pennsylvania, praying for a modifica-
tion of the bounty land act of 1850, so lar as to give all claim-
ants underthe same 160 acres of land.
By Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennc>see : Applicat'on to Con-
gress of Samuel Early for arrears of pension, a resident of
Washington county, Tennessee.
Al>o, a memorial of the same, affidavits of John Halt-
singer and E. L. Mathes, and memorial of citizens of said
county inclosed.
ships; which were referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
Mr. WADE presented the memorial of assist-
ant marshals for taking the Seventh Census in
Ohio, praying additional compensation; which was
ordered to be laid on the table.
Mr. DODGE, of Wisconsin, presented a me-
morial of the Legislature of Wisconsin, praying
the establishment of a mail route from the village |
of West Bend to Moriches: which was referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
717
ENTERTAINMENT.OF KOSSUTH*
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of the
following resolution:
" Resolved, That the expenses incurred in the reception
and eutemiuimerit of Louis Kossuth and suite during their
late visit to the capital, by invitation of Cojigiess, be paid
out of the contingent fund of the Senate, when approved by
the committee of leception, to an amount not exceeding
$5,OOU. 
Mr. MASON. I do not think that resolution
correctly recites the facts connected with that gen-
tleman'* presence at .the seat of Government,. It
Also, a memorial of the Legislature of Wiscon- j recites that the expenses were incurred in the r
sin, praying the establishment of a mail route from
Madison to Wanhaeca Falls; which was referred t
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Mr. SEWARD presented the petition of the
heirs-at-law and legal representatives of Francis
Gillemust, an officer in the revolutionary war, ;
praying an allowance for the depreciation on com- 1
mutation certificates; winch was referred to the i
Committee on Revolutionary Claims. '
Mr. DAVIS presented the memorial of F. A. :
I Chenoweth and others, praying the title to certain
{ land settled and improved by them in the Terri- 1
tory of Oregon; which v/as referred to the Com- !
mittee on Public Lands. !
Mr. SOULE presented a resolution of the Le- !
gislature of Louisiana, praying the establishment ,
of a weekly mail between Thibodeaux and Lock- j.
port; which was referred to the Committee cm the
Post Office and Post Roads. ;!
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. CHASE, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of John A. Biyan, on the
files of the Senate, be leferred to the Committee on Indian
Affair?.
On motion by Mr. DOWNS, it was !
Ordered, That leave be granted to withdraw the osi^nal ,
papers which accompanied the petition of Valerian AUain. i
AMERICAN CEMETERY 1AT MEXICO. ;
Mr. MASON. The Committee on Foreign j
Relations, to which was referred the message of j
the President of the United States recommending a .
further appropriation for completing the cemetery ;
purchased by order of Congress, near the city of .
Mexico, for the interment of officers and soldiers ,
of the American army who weie killed m the late :
war, or who died while in that country, have had ;
the same under consideration, and have instructed j
me to report a bill for the purpose of carrying out j
the recommendation. It appears that, in the year ■;
3850, a sum of money was appropriated for the 1
ception and entertainment of Louis Kossuth in
Washington, at the invitation of Congress. Now,
I am not aware that that gentleman was at Wash-
ington by the invitation of Congress; on the con-
trary, so far as I know the history of the case, he
came to Washington, as he had a perfect right to
do, with the declaration of his purpose, which
doubtless was correct, of paying his respects to
the Government at Washington. It is not a very
important matter, but i do not choose, so far as I
am concerned, that it shall go upon the records
of the country that he came to Washington at
the invitation of Congress.
But 1 have another objection. I have not the
slightest objection .to paying these expenses; none
whatever. He came here, and was received by
both Houses of Congress, and that being the fact,
I am perfectly willing to pay any expenses which
may have been incurred by his presence here; but
j I contend that it must be done by a direct appro-
i priation, and not from the contingent fund. I
therefore submit to the honorable Senator from
1 New York, [Mr. Seward,] the mover of thisres-
i olution, that it will be better to put it in the form
! of a joint resolution. If he will do so, it shall
] have my concurrence.
| Mr. SEWARD. I have no tenacity, in the first
i place, as to the form of the resolution, or the recital
; contained m it. If it would obtain for the resolu-
i tion one vote more, or commend it the more to the
j favor of the Senate, I would consent that the re-
{ cital should be struck out, according to the sug-
S gestion of the Senator from Virginia.
' I am Momewhat embarrassed by the other sug-
j gesrion of the Senator—which I take kindly, and
: for which I return my acknowledgments—to make
this a joint resolution. There was an informal
consultation between the honorable Senator from
Illinois, [Mr. Shields,] who was the chairman of
the committee to receive Governor Kossuth, nnd
myself; and the result of the opinions we collected
fxorn me,nbers of the Senate was, that it would be
construction of this cemetery and the removal of-j better to put the resolution in its present &hnpe. 1
1 L. a u /s iaa ^ n a tU A i-1 /v.% /l a in * li aV tK n t / v\ii 1 S i i i ^ .
IN SENATE, j
Thursday, March 11,1852. i
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. C. M. Butler, j
Mr. McRAE presented the credentials of the j
Hon. Walker Brooke, elected a Senator by the !
Legislature of the State of Mississippi, to fill the {
vacancy occasioned by the resignation of the Hon. j
Henry S. Foote; which were read,and the oath
prescribed by law having been administered to
!Mr. Brooke, he took his seat in the Senate.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr.GWIN presented the memorial of Franklin j
C. Gray, praying the establishment of a tribunal !
to review the decisions of the late Board of Com- j
missioners for the settlement of claims of American :
citizens against Mexico; which was referred to j
the select committee appointed on the subject, ;
Mr. MASON presented the petition of citizens
of Frederick county, Virginia, praying that the j
patent granted to W. W. Woodworth for a plan- i
ing machine maybe extended; which was referred ;
to the Committee on Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. FISH presented the petition of Doctor A.
S. Wriahi, praying indemnity for losses sustained
in consequence" of his expulsion from Mexico by
the agents of that Government; which was re-
feried to the select committee appointed on the
subject.
Also, the petition of William D. Jones, praying
the appointment of a tribunal to review the decis-
ions of the late Board of Commissioners for the
settlement of claims of American citizens against
Mexico; which was referred to the select commit-
tee appointed on the subject.
Also, two petitions of merchants and other citi-
zens of Buffalo, New York, praying that further
aid may be extended to Collins'a line of steam-
; the remains of the dead, and that that sum has
! been exhausted without effecting the object of the
; appropriation. There have been removed to this
i cemetery the remains of some five hundred officers
1 and soldiers, who died from disease or were killed
in battle; but there are probably as many more
remaining, and it is the desire of those connected
with the cemetery—and it is certainly that of the
committee—that this object should be carried into
effect. The appropriation asked for is only a small
one, not exceeding §3,000, and I ask that the bill
reported from the committee for this purpose may
now be considered by the Senate, and receive its
favorable action.
The bill was read a first and second time, and
considered by the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole.
It provides that the sum of $3,GOO be appro-
priated, or so much thereof as msy he necessary,
to be applied under the direction of the President
of the United States, to ea<vy nno effe:t the act
approved Se Member 28, 1850, far the purchase of
a cemetery near the city of Mexico, and for the
interment of the officers and soldiers of the army
of the United States, who fell in battle, or other-
wise died, in or near the city of Mexico: and that
the interment of citizens of ihe United Suites who
have heretofore died m Mexico may be had" in
said cemetery, under such regulations a* may be
prescribed by the President of the United States.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and was ordered to he engrossed for
a third reading.
MESSAGE FROM THE .HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives
, was received by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announ-
cing that it had" passed the bill from the Senate to
provide for the repair of the Congressional Libra-
( ry room, lately destroyed by fire.
would ask Senators who are favorable to the ob-
ject of the resolution in some shape, to signify their
wishes with regard to the form. I will receive
their suggestions very kindly. What, sir, do you
say ? (addressing Mr. Davis.)
Mr. DAVIS. I would prefer a joint resolu-
tion.
Mr. SEWARD. Will the honorable Senator
from M'chigan be good enough to give me his
opinion '
Mr. CASS. I will answer distinctly. I cannot
vote for the resolution in its present slnipe.
Mr. S SWARD. Will the Senator from Mich-
igan say whether he will vote for it in the form of
a joint resolution r
Mr. CASS. I think I ahou'd; but I do not
wish the Senator from New York to take thf.t as
a definite answer. { must .say, however, that I
cannot vote for this resolution.
Mr. SEWARD. Then, Mr. President, without
further iiiquiry,I move to insert the word "joint
m the lesolution.
Mr. BADGER. Oh, no; you will never get it
through the Senate
The PRES1DKNT. That v.*ill change the whole
character of the resolution,
Mr. SEWARD. Very ve'l, sir; then I will
let it stand af? it is, and take the sense of the fven-
ate upon it.
Mr. B-YDGER. I desire to say a word before
the question is taken. It is pretty we'd known to
every mem^r of the Senate, mi1 nerhrns to many
. persons-.nit of it, that I wns "raiiy opposed to the
proceedings in tefeience to Kossuth, which ended
in the presentation of the resolution now before
the Senate. But, sir, I oo hope that there will not
be i moment'; d.rWhv vrh any member of'his
body; after Louis Kossuth has be'en at Washtng-
i ton, after a commute* has been appointed by our
