1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2493
Mr. STANLY. I shall be glad to know to
what printing that refers?
Mr. STANTON. All the printing under the
contract with Mr. Hamilton.
Mr. STANLY. Are they to settleMr. Ritchie's
accounts also ?
Mr. STANTON. Not at all; they are settled
in the civil and diplomatic appropriation bill.
The resolution was read a second time.
Mr. STANLY. I should like to know what
are the duties of the Superintendent of the Public
Printing if he has no control over this matter?
Mr. STANTON. His duties are created under
the law we passed a few weeks ago. The settle-
ment of the accounts under the old law, applicable
to Mr. Hamilton alone, is all these gentlemen will
have to do.
Mr. STANLY. 1 think that the Superintendent
ought to have a command over these accounts,
because these clerks cannot understand the hocus
focus of this act.
Mr. STANTON. The clerk of the Committee
on Printing is a practical printer.
Mr. STANLY. Very well, sir.
The question was taken, and the resolution was
adopted.
Mr. HENN, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as correctly enrolled the following;
which received the signature of the Speaker:
An act to constitute Alton, in the State of Illi-
nois, a port of delivery.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move that the bill which
has just been reported from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, be included in the resolution for the
suspension of the 17th rule.
There was no objection, and it was so ordered.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. PHELPS. I beg leave to submit the fol-
lowing report from the Committee of Conference
on the naval appropriation bill:
The Committee of Conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the bill (H. It. 240) " making appro-
priations for the naval service for the year ending the 30th
ofJune, 1853," having met, and after full and free confer-
ence, have agreed to recommend, and do recommend, to
the respective Houses as follows :
That the Senate recede from their amendments numbered
7, 11, 13. 14, 1.5, 16, 17, 18, 19, 20, 21, 22, 23, 24, 25, 26, 27,
28, 29, 30, 31, 32, 33, 34, 33, 36, 39, and 42.
And that the House recede from its disagreement to the
amendments of the Senate numbered 1,4, 5, 12, 37, 38, 40,
43, and 44.
And that the two Housps agree to the 2d amendment of
the Senate, amended as follows, to wit: In the 9th and
10th lines otsaid amendment strike out the words, " during
the late war with Mexico, and since that period," and in-
sert instead thereof, " since the 28tli of September, 1850
and in the 33d line, strike out "twelve hundred," and in-
sert in lieu thereof, "one thousand."
And that the two Houses agree to the 3d amendment of
the Senate with the following amendments: In line 8,
strike out ^ fifteen hundred," and insert " one thousand
and m line 11, strike out " nine," and insert " eight."
That the Senate recede from its 8th amendment, and that
the two Houses agree to amend the clause mentioned in
said Senate's amendment by striking out of the 11th And
12th lines the words "this House," and inserting in lieu
thereof " Congress."
That the Senate recede from their 41st amendment, and
that the two Houses agree to strike out of the second sec-
tion alt after the word kl repealed," in the 8th line, and the
whole of the third section.
That the House recede from its disagreement to the 45th
amendment of the Senate, and that the two Houses agree
to amend the said amendment by striking out of the 6tli
line the words " and the eitv post office."
And that the House do recede from its disagreement to
the 46th amendment of the Senate, and that the two Houses
agree to amend the same by inserting in the 1st line thereof,
after the word "enacted" the following provision, to wit:
"That Robert Armstrong, the public printer, be, and i 
hereby, directed to execute, without delay, the public print-
ing ordered by either House of Congress since bis election
as public printer."
JOHN S. PIIELPS,
FRED. P. STANTON,
THADDEUS STEVENS,
Conferees on part of the House.
S. R. MALLORY,
J. A. PEARCE,
I. TOUCEY,
Conferees on part oj the Senate,
Amendments of the Senate to be receded from.
7th. After the following clause—
" For the repairs and erection of buildings at the United
States Naval Academy at Annapolis, Maryland, $28,000"—
insert the following:
"For the purchase of ground adjoining the premises
occupied by the Naval Academy, extension of walls and
making new street and wharf, and changing the front of
buildings, $32,000."
11th. After the following—
" For contingent expenses that may accruc for the fol-
lowing purposes, viz: freight and transportation, printing
and stationery, advertising in newspapers, books, maps,
models, and drawings, purchase and repair of fire engines
and machinery, repairs of and attending to steam engines in
navy-yards, purchase and maintenance of horses and oxen,
and driving teams, carts, timber wheels, and the purchase
and repair of workmen's tools, postage of public letters,
furniture for Government houses, fuel, oil, and candles for
navy-yards and shore stations, pay of watchmen and inci-
dental labor not chargeable to any other appropriation, labor
attending the delivery of stores on civil stations, wharfage,
dockage, and rent, traveling expenses of officers and others
under orders, funeral expenses, store and oflice rent, sta-
tionery, fuel, commissions and pay of clerks to navy agents
and storekeepers, flags, awnings, and packing boxes, pre-
miums and other expenses of recruiting, apprehending de-
serters, per diem pay to persons attending courts-martial
and courts of inquiry, and other services authorized by law,
pay to judges advocate, pilotage and towage of vessels and
assistance to vessels in distress, bills of health and qucinui-
tine expenses of the United States Navy in foreign port«,
,$527,840"—
insert the following:
"For contingent expenses not enumerated, $5,000."
13th. In the following clause, after "29"—
" Portsmouth, New Hampshire: For building Umber shed
No. 29, foundation for shores at railway, drains, gutters,
and paving, and repairs of all kinds, $35,041 23"—
insert:
"Coopers' shop and watchman's quarters, quay walls
north and south of basin."
14th. In the sameclausestrikeout "$35,041 23,"
and insert "#81,120 28."
15th. In the following clause, after the words
" muster office"—
"Boston, Massachusetts: For rain-water cistern, pitch
house, ami oakum-loft, muster ofbee, and repairs of all
kinds, $-28,100"—
insert the following:
"'Coal-house, pier-wharf, grading, and paving, rebuilding
smithery."
16th. Inthesame clause, strike out" $28,100"
and insert(t $74,500 25"
17th. In the following section—
"New Yolk, New York. To complete saw-mill, quay-
wall, dredging channels, water tank and lighter, gas pipes
and fixtures, lightning conductors, continuation of sewer,
machinery, &e., (or engine house, and {repairs of all kinds.
$•126,800"—
after the word "complete" insert "command-
er's house," &c. After the word " saw-mill" in-
sert " house for officers, lime, pitch, and coal
house, coal whaif and piers."
18th. In the same clause, after the words " en-
gine house" insert " paving gutters and flagging,
filling in timber pond and new purchase."
19th. In the same clause, strike oat " $126,800"
and insert "$240,550."
20th. In the following section—
" Philadelphia, Pennsylvania : For shed to cover north rail-
way, covering to south railway, ^team-box and pilch kettles,
mooring anchors for dry dock, dredgutgcliannei, continuing
pavement to wharf, cross-paving to smithery, and irom
thence to the dock basin, paving round west end of ship-
house, paving wharf No. 3 to ship-house, paving Ixtwien
ways of docks, paving between limber sheds, completing
gutters and drains, completing shed No. 5, extending gas
pipes, &e., extending water pipes one thousand feet, and re-
pairs of all kinds, §-28,517 20"—
after the words " dredging channel," insert " ex-
tension of pier wharf No. 4, filling up and grad-
ing."
21st. Strike from the above clause the words
! " twenty-eight thousand five hundred and seven-
teen" and insert " fifty-nine thousand two hun-
! dred and forty-eight."
j 22d. In the following section—
' " Washington, District of Columbia : For completing ord-
' nance building No. 11, fitting up timber dock, completing
] saw-mill, completing copper rolling-mill, completing i.ui-
I way, completing ude lathes in machine sh«)p, and iepair-> of
j all kinds, $323,778''—
| after the word " railway," insert " commander's
I house, converting ordnance shop to fitting shop,
! &c., stone wharf on south part of yard."
! 23d. Strike from the same clause " 23,778, "and
' insert "67,433."
I 24th. In the following section—
1 "Norfolk, hrgima: For storehouse No. 14, wharf north
| side of timoer dock, culvert, dredging machine, and icpairs
j of all kinds, $80,73-2 20''—
I aftertheword " fourteen," insert" extending quay
I wharves, completing timber dock, building for
! offices, paving from gate to ship-house, gradingand
j filling.
| 25th. Same clause, strike out" $80,732 20,"
land insert " $170,342 23."
! 26th. In the following clause—
j " Pensacola, Florida: Towards completing permanent
] wharf, to complete guard-house and kitchen, to complete
| yard railway and repair old track, to complete extension of
central wharf, to rebuild east wall of cistern No. 26, for ice-
house, repairs of cisterns Nos. 14 and 35, and rep.iirs of all
kinds, $88,044"—
after the words " central wharf," insert "wharf
on east side of yard, extension of smithery and
machine-shop, four new forges and chimneys."
27th. Strike out all after the word " kinds " to
the word "dollars " inclusive, and insert, 162,782."
28th. In the following clause—
"Memphis, Tennessee: For pavements, drains, and ditches,
cisterns for ropewalk, hemp-house, storehouse (one wing)
complete, railing for vertical wall, and repairs ot all Kinds,
$47,043 35''—
after the word "wall," insert " excavation and
embankment, stable and fences to commandant's
house."
29th. Strike out from the same clause the words
$47,043 34,"and insert "§67,859 28."
30th. After the following clause—
"Sackett's Haibor, New York: For repairs of all kind3,
$500"—
add the following:
"For the purchase of land known as the Edwards Estate,
being about six acres, adjoining the navy-yard at Gosport,
Virginia, $9,000, to be expended under the direction of the
Secretary of the Navy, when a valid tide shall be given for
the same, and the assent for the transfer to the United Siates
obtained fiotn the Legislating of Virginia."
31st. From the following clause—
iC At Near York: For fence round garden, repairs of build-
ings painting, whitewashing, clearing up grounds, &c., at
hospital, and for completing fence and wall around the
burial ground, $8,093"—
strike out " $8,993," and insert $18,151."
32d. In the following clause—
"At Philadelphia Naval Asylum: For introducing gas,
painting main budding inside, repairing and painting wall,
rep.uis to roof and dome, cleaning and whitewashing, clean-
ing and repairing grates and langes, water tax, shade tiees,
and repairs of all kinds, j$5,66l5"—
after the word " wall," insert "tax on wharf,
paving street."
33d. From the same clause strike out " $5,G66>"
and insert " $10,024."
34th. From the following clause—
" At Not folk • For repairs of hospital and dependencies,
$5,000"—
strike out " $5,000," and insert " $12,168 90."
35th. From the following clause—
" At PcnsacoUt • For diaining and tilling up ponds, &c.,
$2,000"—
strike out " $2,000," and insert " $24,487."
36th. Under the head of " Marine Corps," add
the following:
" For pay and allowances, as waiting orders, to the officers
of the Mamie Corps, who were disbanded under the order
of the Navy Department of iho 18th of August, 1848, from
the period of their disbandment until their restoration under
tiie act of Maich 3d, 1849, $-8,000; and the said officers
shall be consuleied a-3 having the same rights, m regard to
rank, pay, and emoluments, and in all othci respects as if
they had not been out of service."
39th. Add at the end of the appropriations for
the Marine Corps, the following:
" For compensation to Lieutenant Raphael Seinmes, foi
service in continuing the survey ot the coast on the Gulf
of Mexico, fiom Appidaehicola Bay to the Mississippi river,
$•1,164 10, to he paid out of the balance appiopriated for
that purpose by the act approved March 3d, 1841, and which
lm> been carried to the ciedit of the surplus fund."
42d. Add at the end of the bill the following:
Sec. 2 And he it fwither enacted, That the proper ac-
counting oft'icei* of the Tieasury be, and they aro hereby ,
directed to ciedit the medical officers of the Navy, who, by
ouler of the Department, served with a detachment of ma-
noes in Mexico, dining the late wui with that Republic, in
addition to the pav to which they are entitled as medical
officers of the Nav>, lespectively, the same allowances loi
ration-1, '-ervantf-, and foiage, in propomon to the tune they
bo Fi-rved, ac- are allowed to othceife ot the Aitny of yimilai
f-tandmg: Provided, That the officers of the Medical Corp*
of the Naw, and pursers of the Navy, of less than twelve
yean/ standing, *hall rank with lieutenants ; and that med
icul officer^ and pun-ers of more than twelve yeais' stand-
ing shall rank with commanders, but shall take no pre-
cedence of commanders- Provided, further, That m no
case phall offtceig of either corp« take any command over
officers of the line of the Navy."
And that the House recede from its disagree-
ment, and agree to the amendments of the Senate
numbered as follows:
1st. Strike from the following clause—
"For pay of commission, warrant, and petty officers,
and seamen, including the Engineer Corps of the Naw,
$2,771,448" -
the words " $448," and insert {
" Pi oiidcd, That from and after the 1st day of July, 1852,
the salary of the Secietary of the Naval Academy at An-
napolis j-hall be $>t,9o0 pei annum."
4th. After the following clause—
! u For provisions for commission, warrant, and petty of-
