mo
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 28,
States from the town of Winchester, in Tennes-
see, to the town of Guntersville, in Alabama?
Mr. COBB. So much the better for the road.
I am glad the gentleman called my attention to
that particular fact. That road runs through a
very little of the public lands.
Mr. JONES. Does it run through one foot of
them ?
Mr. COBB. Yes, sir.
Mr. JONES. Whereabouts?
Mr. COBB. I do not know exactly. [Laugh-
ter.}
Mr. JONES. I undertake to say that it does
not run through one foot of the public lands from !
Winchester to the Tennessee river.
Mr. COBB. I will answer that it does on Flint
river.
Mr. JONES. I ask the gentleman how much
all the land he expects to get for that road will be
worth, if this bill passes?
Mr. COBB. To set the gentleman right before
his constituents, as he experts to vote against the
bill, I will tell his constituents that I expect to get
very little.
Mr. JONES. All the public land which the
gentleman expects to get within twenty miles of
the road, I undertake to say, is not worth $1,000.
Mr. COBB. The people ask that the bill shall
Mr. JONES. The gentleman from Alabama
comes and asks the Government to pass a law
giving the right of way and alternate sections of
land, to a railroad which is never to run through
one foot of the public lands, nor is it to get one
section of land that is worth ten cents an acre.
Mr. COBB. This is a simple link m the great
chain of railroads which connect these different
parts of the country.
Mr. JONES. Another one is the Memphis
and Charleston railroad. I wish to ask the gen-
tleman how much of the public land that road will
run through?
Mr. COBB. It runs through a country where
there have been public lands. [Laughter.] In
some instances it will get mountain lands, which
will prove of service to the road.
Mr. JONES. This road is to commence at
Memphis, in Tennessee, upon the Mississippi
river, and so far as it runs in that State there is not
one foot of public land upon it.
Mr. COBB. That is the fact.
Mr. JONES. When it leaves the State of Ten-
nessee and runs into the State of Mississippi,
there is not one foot of the pubhc land, nor never
was in that part of the State belonging to the Gen-
eral Government. By treaty, the Chickasaw In-
dians in North Mississippi ceded their lands to the
Government to be sold for their benefit, and not
for the benefit of the Government. It enters the
State of Alabama, in Fianklin county, and runs
parallel with the Tennessee river along the M usele
Shoals. It runs through a countty where this
Government, some twenty years ago, or more,
ceded some 400,000 acres of land to the State of
Alabama for the improvement of the Muscle
Shoals, and they took all the land which was then
in that region, that was worth one cent. When
this road leaves the Tennessee river, it runs through
Madison county, one of the wealthiest and most
thickly-settled counties in the State of Alabama,
where the lands of much value have been taken
up for thirty-five years at least, and when it gets
out of Alabama, it goes into Tennessee, along the
Tennessee river, where there is not a foot of public
land.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I should
like to know why the gentleman from Tennessee
[Mr. Jones] objects to this bill, if it effects noth-
ing ? For this reason I think he had better let it
pass. It is evident now that that committee have
a few reams of blank bills printed with these pro-
visions in them, and [ do not think they can avoid
reporting that kind of bill, and when one comes
that cannot do any harm, why not let it pass?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. One very good
reason, which is at least satisfactory to my mind,
why I do not want these bills to pass is, that if
they should, when other bills are brought in here
running through public lands, and ceding away
those lands to railroads, those opposed to them
will be pointed to the bill of the gentleman from
Alabama, [Mr. Cobb,] giving a right of way to
the Winchester and Tennessee and Memphis and
South Carolina railroad, and the other railroads,
seven in number, I believe, which are referred to
in this bill. It is for this reason that I opposed
such a bald humbug as this is. It is merely to be
placed upon the statute-book, to be brought up m
udgment against members of this House, who
may represent the parts of country where these
roads are proposed to be constructed. It is the
merest humbug to put such a bill upon tHe statute-
books of the country.
Mr. COBfe then occupied the floor, in reply to
the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,] and
showing the importance of the roads provided for
in the bill, as connecting the avenues of commerce
between the several States. His remarks were
m favor of the immediate passage of the bill.
He concluded by moving to recommit the bill to
the Committee on Public Lands. [His speech is
published in the Appendix.]
Mr. LETCHER. Before the gentleman makes
that motion, £ wish to propound a single question
to the gentleman.
Mr. "OARTTER. I ask the Speaker if the
morning hour has not expired?
The SPEAKER. It has not yet expired.
Mr. CARTTER. I desire to know if it is in
order to move to commit this bill to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union?
The SPEAKER. It is in order, if the gentle-
man can get the floor for that purpose. Thegentle-
man from Alabama still holds the floor.
Mr. CAPvTTER. Well, I hope the motion to
recommit to the Committee on Public Lands will
be voted down.
Mr. COBB. I desire to know if my motion to
recommit the bill has been received?
The SPEAKER. It has been entered upon
the Journal.
Mr. COBB. Then I will hear the intei rogatory
of the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Letcher.]
Mr. LETCHER. The gentleman fiom Ala-
bama seems to be very much interested in behalf
of his constituents, in relation to this bill. I de-
sire to know how many of them have petitioned
for it?
Mr. COBB. The Legislature of the State of
Alabama has petitioned, and repeatedly petitioned,
for all the aid I have asked for in relation to any
of the railroads in that State.
Mr. LETCHER. If the gentleman will call
upon the Clerk to read the petition upon which this
bill is founded, he will find that it is in the name of
W. R. W. Cobb, on behalf of the people of Ala-
bama, and I do not know but all the rest of man-
kind besides. [Laughter.]
Mr. COBB. My constituents have petitioned
for this road. Memorial after memorial has come
up to this body, asking Congress to give land to
this identical road. -
Mr. NABERS. I wish to say to the gentle-
man from Alabama, that as a portion of this road
passes through a section of country in which my
constituents are interested, I desire at some time
to be heard upon the subject. I hope, theiefore,
he will make such a motion as will give me an
opportunity to be heard.
Mr. COBB. I have moved to recommit the bill
to the Committee on Public Lands, and it will
come up to-morrow.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. The morning hour
having now expired, I desire to call up the bill to
which I alluded this morning.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has not
yet expired.
Mr. BAYLY. Well, it has nearly expired,
and I claim the floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ala-
bama [Mr. Cobb] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. CARTTER. I want to know how the
gentleman from Alabama can retain the floorafter
he has finished his speech and made his motion?
The SPEAKER. It is for the House to deter-
mine his course. He is entitled to the floor.
Mr. COBB. I will not proceed further at pres-
ent, though I wish to say to the gentleman, that I
decline to go on with my speech, out of courtesy
to the House. [Laughter.]
Mr. NABERS. I ask the gentleman from
\ Alabama now to yield me the floor, in order that
I may hold it when the question comes up again.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot hold
it.
Mr. COBB. Then I decline to yield the floor.
Mr. BAYLY. I believe the morning hour is
now up to a second.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has ex-
pired.
BRAZILIAN INDEMNITY.
Mr. BAYLY. I now desire the unanimous con-
sent of the House to take up the Senate bill to which
I alluded, and the character of which I briefly
explained this morning. 1 will say to the House,
that the bill passed the Senate unanimously; that
the Committee on Foreign Affairs of this House
agreed unanimously to recommend its passage,
and that, unless it passes this House to-day, it
will do no good, because we have madean amend-
ment which must go to the Senate, and must be
passed there either to-day or to-morrow. I ask
the unanimous consent of the House to take it up
and pass it.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I wish to say
that the character of the bill is not such as I sup-
posed when I objected this morning. I have'no
objection to its introduction.
There being no objection, the bill from the Sen-
: ate, No. 451, amendatory of the act entitled " An
| act to carry into effect the convention between the
United States and the Emperor of Brazil," ap-
proved March 29, 1850, was taken up from the
Speaker's table.
Mr. BAYLY explained the characterof the bill,
and the necessity for its passage at once. He
< concluded by saying :
! The Committee on Foreign Affairs have pro-
: posed an amendment reducing the time within
: which notice is to be given from thirty to five
] days, so that nobody can complain of unreason-
I able delay. I move the previous question.
| The previous question received a second, and
j the main question was ordered to be put.
i The question first being upon the adoption of
; the amendment reported by the committee, it was
i read as follows :
J Prodded, hotveier, That anyp&ity who shall desire to
j avail himself of the provisions of the said eighth section,
! shall notify the Secietary of the Treasury thereof, within
; five dajN tiorn the passage of this act, or from the date of
I said awaid of the commissioner to adjust the claim agamsi
' Biazil.
The question was then taken on the adoption
of the amendment, and it was agreed to.
The question next being upon ordering the
amendment to be engrossed, and the bill to be read
a third time, it was put and agreed to; and being
accordingly engrossed, the bill was read the third
time and passed
Mr. BARRERE, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as correctly enrolled, bills of
the following titles:
An act for the relief of the heirs of John Jack-
son;
A joint resolution, accepting from Giuseppe
Fagnani a portrait of Henry Clay, and ordering it
to be placed in the Library of Congres; and
An act to amend an act entitled "An act for the
punishment of crimes in the District of Colum-
bia."
Which bills thereupon severally received the
signature of the Speaker.
Mr. JENKINS. The Committee on Public
Lands 
Mr. ASHE, (interrupting.) I wish to inquire
of the Chair if the consideration of the contested-
election case from Pennsylvania is not the regular
order of business?
The SPEAKER. It is, if called up by the
gentleman.
Mr. JENKINS. 1 ask the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce a resolution, which will
require but a single moment. The Committee on
Public Lands have occupied five months in deliver-
ing itself of reports, to the exclusion of the re-
ports of all other Committees in this House. The
next committee in order to be called is the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads; and for
the purpose of allowing that committee to have a
little respite, and other committees to come for-
ward to make reports, I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to introduce the resolution
which I send to the Speaker's table.
The SPEAKER. The resolution will be read
for information.
The resolution was then read, as follows:
Resolved, That when reports of committer shall iifxt
after to-day be callcrt for, such call shall begin with the
Committee ori the Post OJtice and Post Roads, and that
subsequent calls for reports shall be continued as specified
in the twenty-fifth mle, subject to the special order of the
