1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1631
Rou^c in irdation to reports of committees, made on the
24th of May las-t. Tins special order shall continue in force
until all the committees shall have been called once, andno
longer.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I shall be
forced to object.
The SPEAKER. The introduction of the res-
olution is objected to.
Mr. JENKINS. I move that the rules of the
House be suspended, for the purpose of intro-
ducing that resolution. And I would remark, that
the special order referred to in the resolution js the
order introduced by the honorable gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Joker,] and tins order is made
subject to that.
Kir. HOUSTON. If the gentleman from North
Carolina [Mr. Ashe] insists upon the consider-
ation of his privileged question, it 
The SPEAKER. It supersedes the motion
made by the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Jenkins.]
Mr. JENKINS. I hope the gentleman from
North Carolina will not insist upon his call.
Mr. HOUSTON. I trust the gentleman will
insist upon it.
Mr. ASHE. I call for the regular order of
business.
The SPEAKER. The consideration of the
contested-election case from Pennsylvania is the
first business in order, and the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Ross] has the floor upon that
question.
Mr ROSS addressed the House an hour, in an l\
argument to show that the contestant was entitled , j
to the seat. [Mr. R.'s speech will be found m ;
the Appendix.] ,i
Mr. RARRERE controverted the conclusions
of the majority report, returning the election to the l!
people, and maintained that the sitting member j|
was entitled to hold his seat. ;
Mr. FULLER controverted some of the con- ||
elusions of his colleague, [Mr. Ross.] ;i
[These remarks will be found m the Appen- i!
dix.] !
Mr. ASHE then obtained the floor, and moved
the previous question on the adoption of the re-
port; which was seconded. Pending the ordering
of the main question,
On motion by Mr. ALLISON, the House ad- ;
journed until to-morrow. :
NOTICE OF A BILL. j
Mr. SIBLEY gave notice of his intention to a«;k leave to ,
introduce a joint ic^olution to-moriow, or at tome eubse- 1
quent day, for the puicha^e of the te Half-Breed tiact," on j
Lake Pepin, in Minnesota Terntory. :
PETITIONS, &c. i
The following petition', memorial*, &e , were presented '
under tlie rule, and refened to the appropriate committees :
By Mr. PARKE", of Indiana • The petition of .>. T. El- |
liott, Piesident o<" tile Newra-tie. and Richmond Railioad
Company, and Williamson Wnglit. L'u'Mdent of the Lake
Michigan. Loaantport, and Ohio Railioad Company, ot the j
State ot .Indiana; the petition of George Gillespie, A. B. i
Knode, and 107 others, citizens of the State of Indiana :
and the petition of Jo-hua Holland, William Grose, and 78 <
other6?, citizens of the tame State, pra\ m? tor acrant ot |
lauds to aid m the construction of said toad-:, making a ■
direct route thioiujh fiom the Ohio river, at Cincinnati, to
the southern extiemity of Lake Michigan. at Chicago. ;
By Mi. SM \nr : Tlu petition of Knott Crockett and ,
•807 othei", citizens of Rockland, Maine, asking for a break-
water m the harbor of Rockland. I
By Mr. DOTY: The petition of Je*-e Olden, S. A. i
Pearce, M. II. Hod e, and others, foi a mail route from
Princeton, by Montello, Rovo,and Packwaukee, to Delton. ■
By Mr. WASHBURN : The petition of Joshua B liar ;
vey, of the State ot Maine, praying for a pension for ser-
vices in the war of 181*3.
B\ Mr. LASTMAN: The petition of 300 citizens of:
Wisconsin, for an additional land district in the State of ,
Wisconsin, to br- called the La Cro^e land district. i
By Mr. FAU LKNER : The memorial of Captain Thomas i
Jordan, assistant quaitermaner ot the United States Ai my, j
prayni* to be allowed certain credits in his settlement with
the accounting oiheeis of the Tiensur) Department. j
By Mr. f-JORSI-'ORl"). The pptmon of the hens of Cap- .
tain John II. Wendell, of th<"> New Yoik line, piaun? for
commutation pay.
Hy Mi. APPLKTON, of Massachusetts: The petition of
John Winslow, Edw.vid Win-low, and others, asking com- !
pen-ation foi the revolutionary services of Deputy Pay- ;
iiiastei General John Winsiow. \
friendship to the illustrious dead. I therefore
move that (he Senate do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate ad-
journed.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, June 29, 1852.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Rev. C. M. Butler.
The.Tournal of yesterday was read and approved.
DEATH OF HENRY CLAY—ADJOURNMENT.
Mr. VENABLE. Tn consequence of a report,
which may be true, that Henry Clay, the illus-
trious Senator from Kentucky, breathed his last
at his lodgings, a few moments since, I move that
the House do now adjourn.
The motion was unanimously agreed to, and
the House adjourned until to-morrow at twelve
o'clock, in.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, June 29, 1852.
Prayer by the Rev. C. M. Butler.
Mr. HUNTER. A rumor has just reached us,
Mr. President, that Mr. Clay is no more. His
colleague is absent, rendering the last offices of
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, June 30, 1852.
DEATH OF THE HON. HENRY CLAY.
The anticipated formal annunciation of the
death of the Hon. Henry Clay brought together
an unusual auditory. Members of the House ot
Representatives intermingled with Senators; the
representatives of foreign sovereigns paid the trib-
ute of their presence; Cabinet ministers, and heads
of bureaus, and members of the judiciary, clus-
tered without the bar. Of the illustrious contem-
poraries of the distinguished dead but few remain;
but one form attracted all eyes—the honorable
Secretary of State, Daniel Webster, sai there. The
General-in-Chief of the Army, Major General
Scott, too, was present. Attorney General Crit-
tenden, long the colleague of the deceased; the
Hon. Reverdy Johnson, a contemporary in the
Senate, and one of the Attorney General's pre-
decessors; and numerous others, as eminent for
their eloquence and their genius, there contem-
plated the end of human greatness.
The Chaplain to the Senate, the Rev. C. M. But-
ler, in his opening prayer, supplicated for the
living; but he also afforded Christian consolation
by speaking hopefully of the dead, whose declining
days were cheered by the Gospel dispensation.
The Journal having been read—
Mr. UNDERWOOD rose and said: Mr. Presi-
dent, I rise to announce the death of my colleague,
Mr. Clay. He died at his lodgings, m the Na-
tional Hotel of this city, at seventeen minutes past
eleven o'clock yesterday morning, ip the seventy-
sixth year of his age. He expired with perfect
composure, and without a groan or struggle.
By his death our country has lost one of its
most eminent citizens and statesmen; and, I think,
its greatest genius. I shall not detain the Senate
by narrating the transactions of his long and use-
ful life. His distinguished services as a states-
man are inseparably connected with the history
of his country. As Representative and Speaker in
the other House of Congress, as Senator in this
body, as Secretary of State, and as Envoy abroad,
he has, m all these positions, exhibited a wisdom
and patriotism which have made a deep and last-
ing impression upon the grateful hearts ot his
countjymen. His thoughts and his actions have
already been pubhshed^to the wotld in written '
biography; in Congressional debates and reports;
m the journals of the two Houses; and in the
pages of American history. They have been com-
memorated by monuments erected on the wayside.
They have been engraven on medals of gold.
Their memory will survive the monuments of
marble and the medals of gold; for these are ef-
faced and decay by the friction of ages. But the
thoughts and actions of my late colleague have
become identified with the immortality of the hu-
man mind, and will pass down from generation to
generation as abortion of our national inheritance
incapable of annihilation so long as genius has an
admirer, or liberty a friend.
Mr. President, the character of Henry Clay
was formed and developed by the influence of our
free institutions. His physical, mental, and moral
faculties were the gift of God. That they were
greatly superior to the faculties allotted to most
men cannot be questioned. They were not cul-
tivated, improved, and directed by a liberal or col-
legiate education. His respectable parents were
not wealthy, and had not the means of maintain-
ing their children at college. Moreover, his father
died when he was a boy. At an early period, Mr.
Clay was thrown upon his own resources, with-
out patrimony. He grew up m a clerk's office in
Richmond, Virginia. He there studied iaw. He
emigrated from his native State and settled m
Lexington, Kentucky, where he commenced the
practice of his profession before he was of full
age.
The road to wealth, to honor, and fame was
open before him. Under our Constitution and laws
he might freely employ his great faculties unob-
structed by legal impediments, and unaided by
exclusive privileges. Very soon Mr. Clay made
a deep and favorable impression upon the people
amdtig whom he began his career. The excel-
lence of his natural faculties was soon displayed.
Necessity stimulated him in their cultivation. His
assiduity, skill, and fidelity in professional en-
gagements secured public confidence. He was
elected member of the Legislature of Kentucky,
m which body he served several sessions prior to
1806. In that year he was elevated to a seat in
the Senate of the United States.
At the bar and m the General Assembly of Ken-
tucky Mr. Clay first manifested those high qual-
ities as a public speaker which have secured to
him so much popular applause and admiration.
His physical and mental organization eminently
qualified him to become a great and impressive
orator. His poison was tall, slender, and com-
manding. His temperament ardent, fearless,and
full of hope. His countenance clear, expressive,
and variable—indicating the emotion which pre-
dominated at the moment with exact similitude.
His voice, cultivated and modulated m harmony
with the sentiment he desired to express, fell upon
the ear like the melody of enrapturing music.
His eye beaming with intelligence and flashing
with coruscations of genius. His gestures and
attitudes graceful and natural. These personal
advantages won the prepossessions of an audi-
ence, even before his intellectual powers began to
move his hearers; and when his strong common
sense, his profound Reasoning, his clear concep-
tions of his subject in all its bearings, and his
striking and beautiful illustrations, united with
such personal qualities, were brought to the dis-
cussion of any question, his audience was enrap-
tured, convinced, and led by the orator as if en-
chanted by the lyre of Orpheus.
No man was ever blessed by his Creator with
faculties of a higherorder of excellence than those
given to Mr. Clay. In the quickness of his per-
ceptions, and the rapidity with which his conclu-
sions were formed, he had few equals and no
superior. He was eminently endowed with a
nice discriminating taste for order, symmetry,
and beauty. He detected in a moment everything
out of place or deficient in his room, upon his
farm, in his own or the dress of otheis. He was
a skillful judge of the form and qualities of his
domestic animals, which he delighted to rtiise on
his farm. I could give you instances of the quick-
ness and minuteness of his keen faculty of obser-
vation which never overlooked anything. Awant
of neatness and order was offensive to him. He
was particular and neat in his handwriting, and his
apparel. A slovenly blot or negligence of any
sort met his condemnation; while he was so or-
ganized that he attended to, and arranged little
things to please and gratify his natural love for
neatness, order, and beauty, his great intellectual
faculties grasped all the subjects of jurisprudence
and politics with a facility amounting almost to
intuition. Asa iawver, he stood at the head of
his profession. As a statesman, his stand at the
head of the Republican Whig party for nearly
half a century, establishes his title to preeminence
among his illustrious associates.
Mr. Clay was deeply versed in all the springs
of human action. He had read and studied biog-
raphy and history. Shortly after I left college, I
had occasion to call on him in Frankfort, where
he was attending court, and well I remember to
have found him with Plutarch's Lives in his hands.
