1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
719
would not be a very proper way of treating the
matter now to call for the items of this account and
publish them to the world, with the view of dis-
gracing the man whom you have made your guest.
Sir, in doing so you stultify yourselves; and every-
thing you do to belittle that man after having
made him your guest will only result in belittling
yourselves. That is my opinion. After having
gone so far, it seems to me that we ought not to
stop here. We ought to pay these expenses.
Mr. BORLAND. I moved the postponement
of this resolution for the reason, as I stated, that
there was a Senator who gave notice some time
ago, that it was his intention to speak at some
length on the subject. That Senator is not in his
seat—I presume in consequence of indisposition.
For that reason I was desirous that the question
should be postponed until he might be present, in
order that he may be able to present those views
to the Senate of which he has given notice. 1
think that there is great force and propriety in the
remarks made by the Senator from Maryland,
[Mr. Pratt,] that we ought to have provided the
means of entertainment before we proceeded to
entertain that guest; and it will be recollected that
when the resolution was before the Senate inviting
Kossuth here, and calling him the guest of the
nation, I offered a substitute for it, in which I
made a direct proposition to make .the appropri-
ation then, and to determine what it should be.
But how was that proposition received by the
friends of Kossuth—his especial friends—and par-
ticularly the Senator from Mississippi, not now
here, (I mean Mr. Foote?) My proposition was
declared to be an insult to Kossuth. It was said
to be an insult to him to connect money with his
name. Money was not to be thought of. Oh, no !
We were to have
<c A fea&t of rea&on and a flow of soul,''
which was to cost nothing but the wind which
provided it. [Laughter.] No money was to be
mentioned. It was considered an insult to connect
money with his name. I foresaw the consequences
as everybody might have seen them, namely, that
he would come here at considerable expense, and
that when the bill came in we should be required
to pay it, and that there would be no telling what
it would be.
The Senator from Illinois objects to bringing
the items here. He says that it would be dishon-
oring Kossuth. That has nothing to do with Kos-
suth at all It is merely to see whether the account
brought in by the hotel-keeper, who has furnished
the means of his entertainment, is a correct account
or not. Sir, it is said to be §5,000 for the thirteen
days which he was here. That cannot be for the
entertainment of Kossuth. I presume it must
have been for the gentlemen who were with him.
Now, this the Senate positively refused to do.
The proposition was to include his suite, and the
Senate would have nothing to do with it. It was
to be Kossuth alone, that was to be entertained;
and now, when the bill comes in, we are to pay
for the entertainment of men whom we positively
refused to entertain at all.
Mr. UPHAM. I am very much surprised at
the remarks made by the Senator from Illinois.
He thinks that, to ask for the items, would be be-
littling Kossuth. It seems to me that he is under a
very great mistake; but, on the other hand, if there
is an attempt to shroud the matter m darkness
and conceal it from the country, the people will
infer that there is something wrong. I disagree
with that Senator on another ground. He says
we invited Kossuth here; that he was our invited
guest. According to my recollection, when the
committee was appointed, the question arose
whether they should go to New York and receive
him, or whether he should be received here. It
was said that he was to be received when he
reached the city of Washington. He came here,
and the committee did receive him, and went with
him, I presume, to the hotel; and I have no objec-
tion to pay a reasonable compensation for his en-
tertainment. But, for one, 1 shall never vote for a
proposition of this kind until I see the items com-
posing this $5,000, or have an assurance that it
will be examined by a committee of this body.
As the Senator from Arkansas [Mr. Borlantd]
has stated, we refused to invite his associates.
We invited him, if there was any invitation at all.
We invited him to the country and to the capital.
We next appointed a committee to receive him,
and now we are called upon in a public manner,
not by a joint resolution, but by a resolution of
the Senate, to pay this expense out of the contin- |
gent fund, by which means we conceal it from the I
people of the country. The inference will be, that '
this gentleman, for thirteen days' residence at a '
public hotel, expended $5,000. I think it is just j
to him to show these items, that we may know
what composes the amount of $5,000. It may be j
that this is an extravagant account; it may be one 1
that the Senate will say we are unwilling to pay. |
All I ask is, that the whole subject may be laid \
open to public light., that everybody may see and I
understand what these items are. j
Mr. SHIELDS. According to the resolution I
the matter is to be submitted to the committee, ;
and they will investigate it. ;
Mr. SEWARD. The Secretary of the Senate
is to audit the account.
Mr. SHIELDS. It is to be investigated, and
if the committee choose to pay, it will be very well.
I do not see why we should publish the items.
Mr. MASON. I wish to state to the Senate
that I was under some misapprehension when I
addressed the Senate a short time since, and I
ought to correct my remark. I stated that ac-
cording to my recollection, this gentleman had
not been invited to Washington. I have since
sent for the joint resolution which was passed, l
and I find that the invitation was to the country
and to the capital. I am free to admit that that is
an invitation to Kossuth to visit the city of Wash-
ington, and although I opposed it here, as is
known, in every form, I submit to the action of
Congress. But if I vote for any appropriation, I
cannot do it m any other form than that of a
direct appropriation.
Mr. CLARKE. The honorable Senator from
Virginia has anticipated much of what 1 intended
to say, corresponding with my recollection with
regard to the reception of Kossuth. In the first
place, 1 shall vote for the postponement of this
resolution; not becausc I desire that there should
be any delay with regard to the payment for the
entertainment of Kossuth and suite, but because I
consider it a matter of courtesy to the Senator
from Alabama, [Mr. Clemens.] I think that it
is due to him that he should have an opportunity
of presenting his views upon this subject when
the resolution is considered. He has already given
notice of his desire to do so; and we all know that
it came up quite unexpectedly this morning while
that Senator is not present, and for that reason,
and that alone, I shall vote for the postponement.
But if that postponement is not made, I then de-
sire to state why I shall vote against the resolution
in its present form. If my recollection serves me,
the invitation was made by a joint resolution of
both Houses of Congress. That joint resolution
was approved by the President of the United
States; and if I recollect aright, it was sent by the
private secretary of the President to New York,
and there presented to Kossuth.
Now, it has been suggested by some gentleman
that that invitation was to Kossuth and not to his
suite. I beg leave to say, that as you invite Kos-
suth as the former G-overnor of Hungary, and
make him welcome, you are bound to entertain
those who come with him as his suite as well as
the individual lumself. And if his suite, instead
of being composed of eighteen or twenty, had
extended to a hundred, your invitation would have
precluded you from failing to entertain the whole
number, however much your confidence might
have been abused. I have no desire to see the
items of this bill. I have no doubt that it will be
properly audited by the Secretary. Whether it is
extravagant or otherwise, it is not for me to say.
Whatever it is rightfully, it must be paid. The
faith of the nation, the honor of the country, is
committed to it, and it must be paid. But I do
most sincerely object to its being paid out of the
contingent fund of the Senate. The joint resolu-
tion was passed by both Houses of the Congress of
the United States, and it was approved by the
President; and upon that resolution, Kossuth and
his companions were invited to the capital of the
country. The Committee appointed was for the
reception of Kossuth, not particularly his recep-
tion in Washington, but his reception in the Sen-
ate. The House of Representatives also ap-
pointed a committee at their own good pleasure,
and in their own good time—certainly we have no
right to inquire whether that was early or late, or
not; the committee of the House and the com-
mittee of the Senate acted conjointly in everything
that related to the distinguished stranger.
Mr. SHIELDS. The committeeof theHouse
of Representatives did not act with the committee
of the Senate at all.
Mr. CLARKE. I know they were there! I
have no doubt the committee of the Senate first
received him, but the committee -of the House '
were there, and received him as well as the com-
mittee of the Senate. We see that he was the in-
vited spest of the nation, and why, then, should
not this expense be paid as well as any other claim
against the Government of the United States ? I
think it should be paid by a joint resolution; in
that form it shall have my support, without a
murmur or complaint, and without asking to see
the items on which this claim is founded. I have
no desire to see them. I object to the impropriety
of introducing this resolution here—as if the Sen-
ate of the United States were the only body that
received Kossuth at Washington—to be paid out
of the contingent fund, appropriated particularly
and explicitly for the uses of the Senate. If he
had been received by the Senate only, it would
have been a different thing; but it was by a joint
resolution that he was invited, and the appropria-
tion should be made by a joint resolution. For
that reason alone I beg to state explicitly that I
shall vote against this resolution, because it will
appropriate money which was not designed for
such a purpose, A joint resolution shallliave my
cordial support.
Mr. MANG-UM. In all matters of this sort,
the gracefulness with which the act is done con-
stitutes more than half its merit. I have never
had any of this Kossuth fever. If I had been
here, I should have voted for none of these initia-
tive proceedings. They were all consummated be-
fore I came here. I have seen many develop-
ments since that period, which would still more
indispose me towards these proceedings than I was
in the first instance. But, sir, he was invited
here, and I think very improperly invited, to a seat
in both Houses of Congress, with a view of be-
stowing those honors upon him which were be-
stowed upon La Fayette. I had no sympathy
then with that movement, and I have none now.
I look back to it with little respect, although we
all participated in it. I think we were all in error;
but the money having been expended, I thinkthere
can be but one opinion throughout the country
with regard to what is now proper to be done—
that, without any higgling policy, the tflaim ought
to be met.
This bill strikes me as enormous in its magni-
tude, but I am not going to weigh it as I would
fine gold, in very delicate scales. This matter was
committed to a committee of this body who have
done their duty, as I have no doubt; and I hope
the discussion which has grown out of this matter,
will not at all diminish the respect due to the com-
mittee.
I think this resolution should not be postponed.
I think it is not nccessary, even for the presence
of the Senator from Alabama, for I have as little
respect for these proceedings as that Senator; but
I feel that it is a point of honor, and even a more
delicate one, a point of hospitality, and that we
should pay this claim without raising difficulties
upon the subject. As to the difference between a
joint resolution, and a resolution to pay from the
contingent fund, I see no particular difference. The
money is money furnished by the United States,
and that contingent fund is raised, by the joint
action of the two Houses of Congress; and I
should be unwilling to see a running discussion of
three or four flays in either branch of Congress
upon this subject. It has been compared to a
case of private hospitality. I think it is even of a
more delicate character; it touch ss that which ought
to be dearer to every American, it touches the na-
tional honor. I hope we shall never send another
national ship for any person who does not hold as
high a position as that of La Fayette. I do not
hold this to be a parallel case at all.
' I have no sympathy with the proceeding. It
was a snap judgment taken upon us, without due
consideration; but having done it, we must go
through with it: and, in the emphatic language of
the Senator from Illinois. " Let us not stop till we
get to the end." I hope that we will vote for this
appropriation. At all events, let the honor of the
Senate be clear of any imputation of inhospitality.
Mr. PRATT. For my life, Mr. President, I
