1632
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 80.
No one better than he knew how to avail himself
of human- motives, and all the circumstances which
surrounded a subject, or could present them with
more force and skill to accomplish the object of an
argument.
Mr. Clat, throughout his public career, was
influenced by the loftiest patriotism. Confident
in the truth of iis convictions and the purity of
his purposes, he was ardent, sometimes impetu-
ous, in the pursuit of objects which he believed
essential to the general welfare. Those who stood
in his way were thrown aside without fear or cere-
mony. He never affected a courtier's deference
to men or opinions which he thought hostile to
the best interests of his country; and hence he
may have wounded the vanity of those who
thought themselves of consequence. It is certain,
whatever the cause, that at one period of his life
Mr. Clay might have been referred to as proof
that there is more truth than fiction in those pro-
found lines of the poet—
<c He who ascends the mountain top shall find
Its loftiest peaks most wrapt in clouds and snow;
He who surpasses or subdues mankind,
Must look down on the hate of those below,
Though far above the sun of glory elovv.
And far beneath the earth and ocean spread,
Round hun are icy rocks, and ioudlv blow
Contending tempests on his naked head,
And tin]-* reward the toils which to those summits led."
Calumny and detraction emptied their vials
upon him. But how glorious the change! He
out-lived malice and envy. He lived long enough
to prove to the world that his ambition was no
more than a holy aspiration to make his country
the greatest, most powerful, and best governed on
the earth. If he desired its highest office, it was
because the greater power and influence resulting
from such elevation would enable him to do more
than he otherwise could for the progress and ad-
vancement-—first of his own countrymen, then of
his whole race. His sympathies embraced all.
The African slave, the Creole of Spanish America,
the children of renovated classic Greece—all fam-
ilies of men, without respect to color or clime,
found in his expanded bosom and comprehensive
intellect a friend of their elevation and ameliora-
tion. Such ambition as that, is God's implanta-
tion in the human heart for raising the down-trod-
den nations of the earth, and fitting them for
regenerated existence in politics, in morals, and
religion.
Bold and determined as Mr. Clay was in all his
actions, he was, neverthele^g, conciliating. He
did not obstinately adhere to things impracticable.
If he could not accomplish the best, he contented
himself with the Highest approach to it. He has
been the great compromiser of those political agita-
tions and opposing opinions which have, in the
belief of thousands, at different times, endangered
the perpetuity of our Federal Government and
Union.
Mr. Clay was no less remarkable for his admi-
rable social qualities than for his intellectual abil-
ities. As a companion, he was the delight of his
friends; and no man ever had better or truer.
They have loved him from the beginning, and
loved him to the last. His hospitable mansion at
Ashland was always open to their reception. No
guest ever thence departed without feeling happier
for his visit. But, alas! that hospitable mansion
has already been converted into a house of mourn-
ing; already has intelligence of his death passed
■with electric velocity to that aged and now wid-
owed lady who, for more than fifty years, bore to
hun all the endearing relations of wife, and whose
feeble condition prevented her from joining him in
this city, and soothing the anguish of life's last
scene by those endearing attentions which no one
can give so well as woman and a wife. May God
infuse into her heart and mind the Christian spirit
of submission under her bereavement! It cannot
be long before she may expect a reunion in Heaven.
A nation condoles with her and her children on ac-
count of their irreparable loss.
Mr. Clay, from the nature of his disease, de-
clined very gradually. lie bore his protracted
sutferings with great equanimity and patience.
On one occasion he said to me that when death
was inevitable and must soon come, and when the
sufferer was ready to die, he did not perceive the
wisdom of praying to be " delivered from sudden
death." He thought under such circumstances
the sooner suffering was relieved by death the
better. He desired the termination of his own
sufferings', while he acknowledged the duty of
patiently waiting and abiding the pleasuie of God.
Mr. Clay frequently spoke to me of his hope of
eternal life, founded upon the merits of Jesus
Christ as a saviour; who, as he remarked, came
into the world to bring " life and immortality to
light." He was a member of the Episcopalian
Church. In one of our conversations he told me,
that as his hour of dissolution approached, he
found that his affections were concentrating more
and more upon his domestic circle—his wife and
children, in my daily visits he was in the habit
of asking me to detail to him the transactions of
the Senate. This X did, and he manifested much
interest in passing occurrences. His inquiries
were less frequent as his end approached. For
the week preceding his death he seemed to be
altogether abstracted from the concerns of the
world. When he became so low that he could
not converse without being fatigued, he frequently
requested those around him to converse. He
would then quietly listen. He retained his mental
faculties in great perfection. His memory re-
mained perfect. He frequently mentioned events
and conversations of recent occurrence, showing
that he had a perfect recollection of what was said
and done. He said to me that he was grateful to
God for continuing to him the blessing of reason
which enabled him to contemplate and reflect on
his situation. He manifested during his confine-
ment the same characteristics which marked his
conduct through the vigor of his life. He was
exceedingly averse to give his friends "trouble,"
as he called it. Some time before he knew it, we
commenced waiting through the night in an ad-
joining room. He said to me after passing a pain-
ful day, "perhaps some one had better remain nil
night 111 the parlor." Frum this time he knew
some friend was constantly at hand ready to at-
tend to him.
Mr. President, the majestic form of Mr. Clay
will no more grace these Halls. No more shall
we hear that voice which has so often thrilled and
charmed the assembled representatives of the
American people. No more shall we see that
waving hand and eye of light, as when he was
engaged unfolding his policy in regard to the va-
ried interests of our growing and mighty republi-
can empire. His voice is silent 011 earth forever.
The darkness of death has obscured the luster of
his eye. But the memory of his services—not
only to his beloved Kentucky, not only to the
United States, but for the cause of human freedom
and progress throughout the world—will live
through future ages, as a bright example, stimu-
lating and encouraging his own countrymen and
the people of all nations in their patriotic devo-
tions to country and humanity.
With christians, there is yet a nobler and a
higher thought in regard to Mr. Clay. They will
think of him in connection with eternity. They
will contemplate Ins immortal spirit occupying its
! true relative magnitude among the moral stars of
: glory in the presence of God. They will tlinilr
i of him as having fulfilled the duties allotted to hun
i 011 earth, having been regenerated by Divine
| grace, and having passed through the valley of the
1 shadow of death, and reached an everlasting and
i happy home in that " house not made with hands,
I eternal m the heavens."
' O11 Sunday morning last, I was watching alone
; at Mr. Clay's bedside. For the last hour he had
j been unusually quiet, and I thought he was sleep-
I ing. In that, however, he told me I was mis-
taken. Opening his eyes and looking at me, he
said, ■' Mr. Underwood, there may besome ques-
tion where my remains shall be buried. Some
persons may designate Frankfort. I wish to
repose at the cemetery in Lexington, where many
of my friends and connections are buried.'' My
reply was, " I will endeavor to have your wish
executed."
I now ask the Senate to have his corpse trans-
mitted to Lexington, Kentucky, for sepulture.
Let him sleep with the dead of that city, 111 and
near which his home has been for more than half
a century. For the people of Lexington, the liv-
ing and the dead, he manifested, by the statement
made t.o me, a pure and holy sympathy, and a
desire to cleave unto them, as strong as that which
bound Ruth to Naomi. It was his anxious wish
to return to them before he died, and to realize
what the daughter of Moab so strongly felt and
beautifully expressed: "Thy people shall be my
people, and thy God my God. Where thou diest
will I die, and there will I be buried."
It is fit that the tomb of Henry Clay should be
in the city of Lexington. In our Revolution, lib-
erty's first libation blood was poured out in a town
of that name in Massachusetts. On hearing it,
the pioneers of Kentucky consecrated the name,
and applied it to the place where Mr. Clay de-
sired to be buried. The associations connected
with the name harmonize with his character; and
the monument erected to his memory at the spot
selected by him will be visited by the votaries of
genius and liberty with that reverence which is in-
spired at the tomb of Washington. Upon that
monument let his epitaph be engraved.
Mr. President, I have availed myself of Doctor .
Johnson's paraphrase of the epitaph on Thomas
Hanmer, with a few alterations and additions, to
express in borrowed verse my admiration for the
life and character of Mr. Clay, and with this
heart-tribute to the memory of my illustrious col-
league I conclude my remarks:
Born when Freedom her stripes and stars unfurled,
When devolution shook the startled woWd—
Heroes and sa<*es taught his brilliant mind
To know and love the rights of all mankind.
"I11 life's first bloom his public toils began,
At once commenced the Senator and man :
In business dext'ious. weighty in dehatc,
Near fifty yeais he laboied for the State.
fu eveiy speech persuasive wisdom llovved,
In every act refulgent vn lue glowed ;
Suspended faction ceased from rage and stiife,
To hear his eloquence and piaise his life.
Resistless merit tixed the Members' choice,
Who hailed bun Speaker with united voice."
His talents lipening with advancing yea.-s—
His wisdom growing with his public cai-es—
A chosen envoy, war's daik horrors cease,
And tides of carnage turn to streams of peace.
Conflicting principles, internal strife,
Tanii and slaveiv, disunion rife,
All are Lomvromhrd by his great hand.
And lieams'of |Oy illuminate the land.
I'atnot, Clnibtian, Ilu-bainl, Falhei, Fuend,
Thy woilc of Ine achieved a glonuus end ! -
I offer the following resolutions:
Resolved, That a committee of six be appointed by the
President of the Senate, to take order for superintending
the funeial of Henry Clay, late a member of this body,
whicli will take place to-morrow at twelve o'clock, m.,
ami that the Senate will attend the ;s<itne.
Raolved, That the member of the Senate, from a ?in-
ceie de.-sire of showing every maik of respect to the mem-
ory of the deceased, will go into mourning for one month
by the u--ual mode of wearing crape on the left aim.
Resolved, As  a fui tbfr mai k of lespectentertained bytlie
Senate for Hie memory of IIknry Clay, and hi* Ions and
distinguished  ei vices to his country, that his remains, in
pursuance of the known wu-hes of his family, be removed
to the place of sepulture selected by himself at Lexington,
111 Kentucky, in chaigc of the Sergeant-at-Arms, and at-
tended by a committee of six Senators, to be appointed by
the Piesulent of tiie Senate, who shall have full power to
cany this resolution into effect#
Mr. CASS. Mr. President, again has an im-
pressive warning come to teach us, that in the
midst of life, wc are in death. The ordinary-
labors of tins Hall are suspended, and its con-
tentions hushed, before the power of Him, who
says to the storm of human passion, as He said of
old to the waves of Galtiee, Peace, be still.
The lessons of His providence, severe as they
may be, often become merciful dispensations, like
that which is now spreading sorrow through the
land, and which is reminding us that we have
higher duties to fulfill, and graver responsibilities
to encounter, than those that meet us here, when
we lay our hands upon His Holy Word, and in-
voke His holy name, promising to be faithful to
that Constitution, whi'ch He gave us in his mercy,
and will withdraw only m the hour of our blind-
ness and disobedience, and of His own wrath.
Another great man has fallen in our land, ripe
indeed in years and in honors, but never dearer
to the American people than when called from
the theater of his services and renown to that
final bar where the lofty and the lowly must all
meet at last.
1 do not rise, upon this mournful occasion, to
indulge in the language of panegyric. My regard
for the memory of the dead, and for the obliga-
tions of the living, would equally rebuke such a
course. The severity of truth is at once our proper
duty and our best consolation. Born during the
revolutionary struggle, our deceased associate was
one of the few remaining public men who connect
the present generation with the actors in the trying
scenes of that eventful period, and whose names
and deeds will soon be known only m the history
of their country. He was another illustration,
