2490
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 31.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Averett,Barrere,Bibighaus, John
K. Boyd, Brenton, George H. Brown, Burrows, Caldwell,
Thompson Campbell,Caskie, Chastam, Cimehwell, Clark,
Clingman, Conner, Daniel, John G. Davis, Dimmick, Dock-
ery, Duncan, Fickhn, Floyd, Hall, Hamillon. Hammond,
Isham G. Harris, Haws, Haven, Hebard, Ilibbard, Holladay,
Houston, Jackson, Jenkins, John Johnson, Daniel T. Jones,
George' VP. Jones, Preston King, Kuhns, Kuriz, Landry,
Mason, Morehead, Murphy, Murray, Andrew Parker, Sam-
uel W. Parker, Peasiee, Penn, Phelps. Richardson, Rob-
bins, Robie, Ross, Savage, Schoolcraft, David L. Seymour,
Stanly, Stuait, Sweetser, and Wilcox—62.g
So (two thirds not voting in the affirmative) the
rules were not suspended.
EXPENSES OF CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. ROBBINS. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House be directed to pay
to William Galloway, Esq., $200, in full for his services as
commissioner to take testimony in the contested election
case from the fourth Congressional district of Pennsylvania
in the Thirty-first Congress.
Mr. HAMILTON. That resolution was passed
upon by the Committee on Elections; and I will
state to the House that this commissioner was
ordered to take the evidence by the House.
Mr. JOHN W. HOWE. I object to the res-
olution, and call the gentleman from Maryland to
order.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to suspend
the rules, to enable the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania to offer his resolution.
The question was then taken on Mr. Jones's
motion, and it was decided in the affirmative.
So the rules were suspended.
The question recurred upon the adoption of the
resolution.
Mr. GAMBLE. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to the resolution, which I send to the Clerk's
desk.
The Clerk proceeded to read the amendment, as
follows:
Resolved, That the Sergeant-at-Arms be directed to pay
to Hendrtck B. Wright, the contestant 
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, (interrupting.) I
object to that amendment.
Mr. GAMBLE. I have a right to offer it.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Robbins] yield the floor to his
colleague to offer the amendment'
WIDOW OP MAJOR GENERAL WORTH.
Mr. POLK. I ask the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Robbins] to yield me the floor for
one moment.
Mr. ROBBfNS. I yield the floor to the gen-
tleman from Tennessee.
Mr. POLK. I think that in the closing hours
of this session, it becomes this House to pay a
tribute of respect to the noble dead. 1 therefore
move, with the permission of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, that the House recede from its
amendment to the bill granting a pension to the
widow of Major General Worth. I hope the
House will agree to it.
Mr. CARTTER. So do I.
The SPEAKER. Is it the unanimous consent
of the House that the motion be entertained?
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. 1 object.
Mr. POLK. I desire, the floor having been
yielded to me, and objection having been made
from a quarter where I' did not expect it, to move
to suspend the rules to enable me to submit the ;
motion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Robbins] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. POLK. The gentleman from Pennsylva- ,
nia has given me the floor for this special purpose, :
and I hope the Speaker will not extort for him a i
right which he does not claim.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will execute the
rule precisely as he understands it. The Chan-
understands the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Robbins] to yield the floor for a suggestion,
or explanation, and not for a motion.
Mr. ROBBINS. I must insist on my resolu-
tion, and I call the previous question.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Pennsylvania yield for the amendment of his col-
league ?
Mr. ROBBINS. No, sir, I do not.
The previous question was then seconded, and
the main question ordered.
Mr. GAMBLE. I think there has been some
mistake. I understood my colleague to yield me
the floor to offer that amendment, and I hope it
will be received.
The SPEAKER. It would require unanimous
consent now, the main question having been or-
dered. Is it the pleasure of the House that the
amendment be received ?
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. I object to the
introduction of the amendment.
Mr. GAMBLE. I offered my amendment be-
fore the previous question wag seconded.
The SPEAKER. It was at the mercy of the
gentleman's, colleague, and his colleague declined
to yield the floor for the amendment to be offered.
Mr. GAMBLE. I believe my colleague agrees
to the amendment.
Mr. ROBBINS. I have no objection to it.
Mr. LETCHER. I have; and I object to its
reception.
The question was then taken on Mr. Robbins's
resolution, and it was adopted.
JAMES POOLE.
Mr. PHELPS. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to submit a motion to take up joint
resolution from the Senate No. 57, it being ajoint
resolution directing a settlement of the accounts of
James Poole, who was employed as a blacksmith
in the service of the Indian Department. I have
examined the matter myself, and am satisfied that
the claim is a just one. The joint resolution only
directs that the accounting officers of the Treas-
ury shall examine and settle the accounts of this
poor man, and pay him what is justly due him.
Mr. WALSH. I object.
Mr. PHELPS. I understand that in relation
to the bill for the relief of Mrs. Worth, a commit-
tee of conference is asked by the Senate; and at
the request of the gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Polk,] I ask that a committee of conference
be aopointea on the part of the House.
Mr. POLK. That is all we ask.
There being no objection, it was so ordered;
and the Speaker appointed Mr. Polk, Mr. Isham
G. Harris, and Mr. Goodenow,managers at the
said conference on the part of the House.
Mr. PHELPS. I now move that the rules be
suspended for the purpose of enabling me to
make the motion I have indicated in relation to
the claim of James Poole. !
The question was taken, and onadivision there ]
were—ayes 75, noes 42.
So (two thirds not voting in the affirmative) the
rules were not suspended.
Mr. HENN, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported back as correctly enrolled the fol-
lowing bills; which thereupon severally received
the signature of the Speaker, viz:
An act making appropriations for the naval ser-
vice for the year ending the 30th of June, 1853;
and
An act making appropriations for the service of
the Post Office Department during the fiscal year
ending the 30th of June, 1853, and for other pur-
poses.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I rise to a
question of privilege.
Mr. PHELPS. I ask the unanimous consent
to correct a clerical error in relation to the docu-
ment we have just ordered to be printed. In the
resolution offered by the gentleman from New
York, it should be " thereportof Mr. Andrews."
There was no objection, and the correction was
made.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I ask the
unanimous consent of the House to offer the fol-
lowing resolution. It is authorized by the Com-
mittee on Accounts, and I hope it will not be ob-
jected to:
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House be autlioiiz.ed to
pay out of the contingent fund of tins House, to William
H. Mmmx, petition and stationery clerk, the same com-
pensation annually which is paid to the assistant clerks of
the Clerk of the House of Representatives, fiom the com-
mencement of this Congress until otherwise oidered by this
| House.
i Mr. PENN. Mr. Minnix has discharged his
I duties well, and I hope the resolution will be
i adopted.
1 [Objection was made.]
] Mr. DAVIS. 1 will state that this resolution
I is authorized by and meets the approbation of the
\ Committee on Accounts. I hope the objection
i will be withdrawn; but if nut, I move to suspend
! the rules.
j The objection was withdrawn, and the resolu-
II tion was introduced.
The question was then taken, and the resolution
adopted.
Mr. ROBIE. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That John J. Malloy, John D. Ott, and Henry
McLaughlin, public folders, be allowed $2 50 per day dur-
ing the present session of Congress, and whilst employed
in office during said session, to be paid out of the contingent
fund of the nouse : Provided, That this does not change the
character of their employment or office, and that the
amount made by them as such folders for work during this
session be deducted therefrom.
There was no-objection, and the resolution was
introduced.
Mr. KING, of New York. I call for the regu-
lar order of business, whatever it is.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is on the adoption of the resolution just in-
troduced by unanimous consent.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I offer the
following amendment to the resolution:
Resolved, That Thomas J. Gait, and Samuel H. Lain-
bom, "in charge of the House folding-room, be allowed the
same compensation as is allowed to the person in charge of
the House Library, commencing with the presentsession of
Congress.
Mr. EDMUNDSON. I offer the following
amendment to the amendment:
Resolved, That John Castro, Francis Riley, and Lewis
Hickman, laborers in the Clerk's Office of the House, be al-
lowed two dollars per day, commencing from the first day
of this session, and until otherwise ordered.
Mr. ROBIE. I now call the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. GORMAN. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to make a report from the Commit-
tee on Printing.
Objection was made.
Mr. MOREHEAD. I move to lay the resolu-
tion and amendments on the table; and upon that
question I demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. GORMAN. It now lacks but twenty-
seven minutes of the time fixed for adjournment.
I hope the House will allow a report to be made
from the Committee on Printing, providing for the
printing of Stansbury's Report of the Exploration
and Survey of the Valley of the Great Salt Lake.
No copies of that work have been ordered to be
printed. I ask the unanimous consent of the
House to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That ten thousand extra copies of Stansbury's
Report of the Exploration of the Valley of the Great Salt
Lake be printed for the use of the members of this House.
Mr. BEALE. I object.
Mr. GORMAN. 1 hope the gentleman will
withdraw his objection.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I object.
We want no more Salt Lake reports.
Mr. GORMAN. I move to suspend the rules
to enable me to offer the resolution.
The SPEAKER. The pending question is the
motion to lay on the table the resolution and
amendments offered a few minutes ago.
Mr. MOREHEAD. 1 will withdraw that mo-
tion.
Mr. LETCHER. I renew the motion to lay
the resolution and amendments on the table, and
call the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.-
Mr. POLK. T ask the gentleman who offered
this resolution to withdraw it. The yeas and
nays have been called upon it, and they will con-
sume all the time we have left. Let us go to the
consideration of private claims.
[Cries of " Object!" " Object!" and " Call the
roll!"]
A message was here received from the President
of the United States, by the hands of Millard P.
Fillmore, his Private Secretary, informing the
House that he had approved and signed the fol-
lowing bills, viz:
A bill making appropriations for the civil and
diplomatic expenses of the Government during the
year ending the 30th of June, 1853, and for other
purposes;
A bill making appropriations for light-houses,
light-boats, buoys, &c., and providing for the
erection and establishment of the same, and for
other purposes;
A bill making appropriations for the service of
the Post Office Department during the year ending
the 30th of June, 1853;
A bill making appropriations for the support of
