722
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March II,
heard no one say sc
bill is to be paid.
Every one has said that the
All this declamation about
honoris to mean something or nothing. What
does it mean? Every one admits the bill is to be
paid; but is it incompatible with honor that there
should be some party to inquire whether it is
reasonable or not ? It is simply the bill of a hotel
keeper-  
Mr. DAVIS. If the Senator alludes to me, I
will beg to make one remark. I spoke of my
o.wn individual feelings, and of those of no other
person.
Mr. PRATT. I do not know what was the
use of saying it would be dishonorable to do this;
and that, if the gentleman had been present and
heard this debate, he would have put his hands
into his pocket, and paid the bill himself, No man
has made the question whether the nation is not
to pay the bill—to pay what is right; but still, the
question is made, whether there cannot be an in-
quiry instituted as to the amount of the bill. A
hotel keeper has presented a bill to a committee of
the Senate, and they say that that bill is to be paid
without examination. That is the proposition on
one side; and the proposition upon the other side
is, that it is not incompatible with honor that we
should inquire into the items of that bill—that
somebody should inquire—some accounting offi-
cer—whether the bill is right or wrong.
Mr. BADGER. My friend from Maryland
has fallen into a singular error. The resolution
expressly requires that what is to be paid, is to be
paid upon the approval of the committee. 1 be-
lieve that is the usual course of the Senate.
Mr. PRATT. We do not differ at all. If this
committee is to inquire first into the items of the
bill, if they are to be invested with the power of
ascertaining the correctness of the bill, I shall be
satisfied. But Lam not speaking of what that
Senator says; I am replying to the argument made
on the other side, which is based on the hypothesis
that it is dishonorable to inquire whether the bill
is right or wrong, and that it must be paid now.
Mr. SHIELDS. I had not the intention of
charging anything like dishonor upon the Senator
from Maryland. I only felt that it would be a
little wanting in dignity to go into an investigation,
in the Senate, of the little items of this bill. I be-
lieve he would be the last man to do it. I do not
at ail mean to impute any wrong motive to the
Senator.
Mr. BORLAND. I have not, from the begin-
ning of this discussion, objected to the payment
of this bill; nor have I heard any one, as the Sen-
ator from Maryland remarked, object to it. 1
proposed, for the single reason I stated, that the
further consideration of the resolution should be
postponed; not that 1 was not prepared to vote
upon it, and for the payment of it, now. The
Senate having decided that they will not postpone
it, I am prepared to vote now. But, sir, I wish
to say, m repaid to a remark which fell fiom the
Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Cass,] that I do
not understand how it can be considered a small
affair, or a very small matter, unworthy to be in-
troduced here. The Senate did positively refuse,
upon a substantial proposition, to include any one
in the invitation extended to Louis Kossuth but
himself, after full discussion on the subject. The
proposition having been brought forward to pro-
vide for the entertainment of those who were to
Accompany Kossuth, and it having been rejected,
I do not see how the Senator can think it an im-
material, small, or irrelevant matter, to be con-
sidered in this connection. It will be recollected,
also, that this very proposition was not only
made, but carried without opposition, to the ob-
jection then made to this business of receiving and
entertaining Mr. Kossuth, without the concurrent
action of the other House. It was expressly
stated by a late Senator from Mississippi, [Mr.
Foote,] when I made a proposition to include an
appropriation for the purpose of paying these ex-
penses, as an objection to that, that its going to
the other House as a joint resolution would defeat
it. The same apprehension seems to be enter-
tained now. Gentlemen are afraid to trust the
other House. They are afraid to send the matter
there, as the House might investigate it. I con-
ceive it can be for no other reason. Putting the
two circumstances together, it seems to me to
make out a case which leaves us ground for the
suspicion, at least, that the object of making this
appropriation out of the contingent fund of the
Senate is to avoid the discussion which it will un-
dergo in the other House, and the chances of be-
ing there defeated. In appropriating money out
of the Treasury of the United States for any pur-
pose whatever, I am not foravoiding the investiga-
tion of the other House. I thinkit is right that, not
only in a case of this sort, but in every case, such a
proposition should undergo the scrutiny of both
Houses. The Constitution requires it; former le-
gislation requires it; and, I think, the experience
of the country justifies it; and everything adds to
the force and propriety of the requirement; and
for these reasons I wish to adhere to it.
Mr. BADGER. I wish to say one word to my
friend from Arkansas. If the whole House of
Representatives were, to a man, opposed to the
payment of this bill, it would furnish no reason
why it should not be paid, and would not relieve
this Senate from their responsibility to pay it.
Mr. Kossuth came here, and was received by our
committee, acting under our joint resolution; he
was by them placed in the quarters which he oc-
cupied. He was placed there upon their author-
ity and their responsibility as our representatives;
and he had been there, i believe, some ten days
before any committee was appointed for the pur-
pose of receiving him by the rfouse. No com-
mittee of the House ever joined in the action (by
wliich he was put in those quarters, or assumed
any responsibility) on the part of the House for
making the compensation. Therefore, I say it
would be wrong for us to submit this question to
the House. What our committee has done, we
are bound to see respected and carried through by
the power which we possess of doing it. That is
the view I take of the question.
Mr. BORLAND. I think the Senator from
North Carolina is mistaken. It has been clearly
shown by the Senators from Rhode Island [Mr.
Clarke] and Virginia, [Mr. Mason,] that Mr.
Kossuth was not invited here, and not received
here, and not entertained here upon the invitation
of the Senate alone; but by a joint resolution of
the two Houses of Congress.
Mr. BADGER. There is no sort of inconsist-
ency in that. I know there was a joint resolution,
somewhat in the French style—"The American
people give to Louis Kossuth a cordial welcome
to the capital and the country." I know that that
was so. It was a flourish. But this Senate, be-
fore he arrived here, appointed a committee to
receive him, without any action of the House;
and they placed him in the lodgings where he re-
mained until he left the city.
Mr. SKWARD. That is exactly the fact. No
committee had been appointed by the other House
when Mr. Kossuth arrived in this city. He was
met by us, and taken by us, to the hotel, and re-
ceived by its keeper upon the contingency of pro-
vision being made for the payment of his expenses.
And before Kossuth left the city, he offered to pay
the expense himself, but was instructed by the
committee not to do so.
Mr. BORLAND. I ask for the yeas and nays
upon the question of so amending the resolution
as to ma lie it a joint resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SOULE. I wish to ascertain distinctly the
fact, whether these expenses were incurred under
the responsibility of the committee appointed by
this body5
Mr. SH tELDS. They were solely and wholly
incurred under the responsibility of the committee
appointed by the Senate. The committee of the
other House had nothing to do with it; in fact,
they were not, at the time, appointed.
Mr. SOULE. That being the case, I submit
to the Senate, whether, under any circumstances, 1
we can exonerate ourselves from the responsibility |
accruing out of that fact? As the Senator from |
North Carolina just now has properly remarked, !
let us suppose, for a moment, that there be a diffi- [
culty in the House about appropriating a sufficient I
sum of money to satisfy this bill, ho.w would the i
Senate stand ? I cannot hesitate, myself, in the !
solution of this question. We are bound to pay
it; and. being bound to pay it, I shall vote for the
resolution as it stands.
The question being taken by yeas and nays, on j
the adoption of the amendment, resulted—yeas >
16, nays 21; as follow: j
YEAS—Mowri Bayard, Borland, Bradbury, Brodhead, !
Cass, Clarke, Davi<*. Downs, Geyor, King, McRae, Mason, !
Morton, Pratt, Rusk, and Upham—16. i
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Bell. Brooke, Chase,
j Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Fish, Hamlin, James,
1 Jones of Iowa, Jones ot Tennessee, Mangum, Seward,
Shields, Smith, Soute, Stockton, Sumner, Underwood, and
Wade—21.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. MORTON called for the yeas and nays on
the resolution; and they were oruered.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I wish to say that I
was opposed to this whole proceeding from the
beginning. I was opposed to the reception of
Louis Kossuth by the Senate. But the Senate
having thought proper to treat him as they have
done, and to incur the expense, as my friend from
Massachusetts has observed, I regard it as a duty
on the part of the Senate to pay the bill—just as
much so as if a war should be declared by both
Houses of Congress, against which I voted,and
then a proposition were made to defray all the ex-
penses that might have been incurred by its pros-
ecution.
Mr. BORLAND. Before the vote is taken, I
desire to say one word. I shall voie against this
resolution. Not that I am opposed to paying the
bill, but because I do not think this is the proper
way of paying it. I vote against the mode, and
not against the amount or the proposition to pay.
The yeas and nays being taken on the adoption
of the resolution, resulted—yeas 31, nays 6; as
follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Bayard, Bell, Brad-
bury, Brodhead, Brooke, Chase, Davte, Dodge of Wiscon-
sin, Dodge of Iowa, Downs, Fish, Geyer, Hamlin, James,
Jones of Iowa, Jones of Tennessee, Kin?, McRae, Man-
gum, Ru^k, Seward, Shields, Smith, Soule, Stockton,
Sumner, Underwood, Upham, a#d Wade—31.
NAYS—Messrs. Borland, Cass, Clarke, Mason, Morton,
and Pratt—6.
So the resolution was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE BUSINESS.
Mr. MASON. I move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of Executive business.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I hope the Senate will
not agree to the motion of the Senator from Vir-
ginia. The Senator from Michigan [Mr. Cas>s]
has the floor to-day on the Iowa land bill. I un-
derstand he does not wish to occupy it more than
half an hour: after which time there will be abund-
ant opportunity to go into Executive session and
do what business may be brought before the Sen-
ate. I hope the motion will not be agreed to. I
am confident that the Senator from Michigan will
not speak more than half an hour, and then there
will be more time left than is usually occupied in
Executive session.
Mr. CASS. It is a matter of the most perfect
indifference to me. I have not much to say, and
I have no wish, one way or the other, whether I
shall go on now, or at some other time.
Mr. BORLAND. I hope the motion will not
be adopted. The Senator from Michigan is will-
ing and prepared to goon to-day, although he says
he is indifferent, and would as soon speak some
other day. But the interests of this Iowa bill, which
has been a long time postponed, call upon the Sen-
ate with a great deal of force, for consideration, and,
if possible, for a vote upon it at this time. I hope,
therefore, that as the Senate is now full, and will
probably be so for an hour or two to come, and,
as the Senator from Michigan does not prapose to
occupy the Senate a very long while, his remarks
may be heard now; and that, afterwards, we may
bring the bill to a vote.
Mr. MASON. There is an urgent considera-
tion why the business to be done in Executive
session should be transacted at once. Senators
who were present yesterday when we went into
Executive session, know the propriety of doing
so. I would not ask the Senate to go into Execu-
tive session, if the Senator from Michigan wished
to-day to occupy the floor. But I understand that
it is indifferent to him whether or not he goes on
to-day. Only a remnant of the day is left, and I
think we cannot employ it better than in Execu-
tive session.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. It has been heretofore
agreed in this body, that we are to come here on
Tuesday next prepared on that day to take the vote
upon the Iowa land bill. I know there are about
four or five Senators who desire to be heard on
the bill before the vote is taken. That will neces-
sarily consume the whole of Monday and of Tues-
day, and therefore we shall not be able to take the
vote on Tuesday at the usual hour of adjournment;
and I fear we shall have to sit until late in the
evening.
