11
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
compensation for his services, shall not exceed
two thousand five hundred dollars per annum.
Approved, Marfch 3, 1852.
Public, VII.—An Act to extend, the time for selling
the Lands granted to the Kentucky Asylum for teach-
ing the Deaf anil Dumb.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the further time of five years, from
and after the expiration of the time heretofore
allowed, be, and the same is hereby, allowed and
permitted "the trustees of the Center College of
Kentucky," who are also trustees of the Kentucky
Asylum for teaching the Deaf and Dumb, to sell
the lands heretofore granted said Asylum, and
confirmed to said trustees, for the use of said Asy-
lum, by acts of Congress heretofore passed.
Approved, March 11, 1852.
Public, VIK.—An Act to provide for the Repair cf
the Congressional Library room, lately destroyed by
fire.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives oj the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the sum of seventy-two thousand
five hundred dollars be, and the same is hereby,
appropriated to the repair of the Congressional
Library room, which was lately destroyed by fire,
according" to the plan described in the report and
drawings which were submitted by the architect
to the Secrelary of the Interior, and approved by
the Committee on Public Buildings of the Senate:
Provided, however, That the work shall be executed
under the direction of the Secretary of the Interior,
and be subject to such a modification of the details
as may be consistent with the general arrangements
of the plan and necessary and proper in the opinion
of the President of the United States.
Approved, March 19, 1852.
Publtc,IX.—An Act to make Land Warrants as-
signable, and for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Stales of America in Congress
assembled, That all warrants for military bounty
land, which have been or may hereafter be issued
under any law of the United States, and all valid
locations of the same which have been or may
hereafter be made, are hereby declared to be assign-
able, by deed or instrument of writing made and
executed after the taking effect of this act, accord-
ing to such form, and pursuant to such regula-
tions as may be prescribed by the Commissioner
of the General Land Ofiice, so as to vest the as-
signee with all the rights of the original owner of
the warrant or location: Provided, That any per-
son entitled to preemption right to any land shall
be entitled to use any such land warrant m pay-
ment for the same, the rate of one dollar and
twenty-five cent* per acre, for the quantity of land
therein specified: Provided, That the warrants
which have been or may heieafter be issued in
pursuance of said laws, or of this act, may be lo-
cated according to the lega1 subdivisions of the
public lands, in one body, upon any lands of the
United States, subject to pnvate entry at the time
of such location, at the minimum price: Provided
further, That when said war ran tf. shall be located
on lands which are subject to entry at a greater
minimum than the <"me dollar and twenty-five cents
per arre, the Wator of said warrants shall pay to
the United States in cash the difference between
the value of such warrantsat onedollarand twenty-
five cents per acre and the fn.ct of land located on.
Sec. 2. And be it further cnacted, That the regis-
ters and receiver* of the land offices shall hereafter
be severally authorized to charge and receive for
their services in ^orating all military bounty land
warrants issued since the eleventh day of Febru-
ary, eighteen hundred and forty-^even, the same
compensation or percentage to which they are en-
titled by law for sales of the public lands for cash,
at the rate of one dollar and twenty-five cents per
acre, the said compensation to be hereafter paid
by tho'^ignee* or holders of such warrants.
Sec. 3. And be itfurther enacted, That registers
and receivers, whether in or out of ofiice at the
passage of this act, or their legal representatives
in case of death, shall be entitled to receive from
the Treasurer of the United States, for services
heretofore performed in locating military bounty
land warrants, the same rate of compensation pro-
vided in the preceding section for services here-
after to be performed, after deducting the amount
already received by such officers under the act
entitled 44 An act to require the holders of mili-
tary land warrants to compensate the land c Aiders
of the United States for services in relation to the
location of those warrants," approved May seven-
teen, eighteen huudred and forty-eight: Provided,
That no register or receiver shall receive any com-
pensation out of the Treasury for past services
who has charged and received illegal fees for the
location of such warrants: And provided farther,
That no register or receiver shall receive for hi*
services during any year a greater compensation
than the maximum now allowed by law.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That in all
cases where the militia, or volunteers, or State
troops of any State or Territory were called into
military service, and whose services have been
paid by the United States subsequent to the eigh-
teenth of June, eighteen hundred and twelve, the
officers and soldiers of such militia, volunteers, or
troops shall be entitled to all the benefits of the
act entitled " An act granting bounty land to cer-
tain officers and soldiers who have been engaged in
the military serviceofthe United States," approved
September twenty-eight, eighteen hundred and
fifty, and shall receive lands for their services ac-
cording to the provisions of said act, upon proof
of length of service as therein required, and that
the last proviso of the ninth section of the act of
the eleventh of February, eighteen hundred and
forty seven, be, and the same is hereby, repealed:
Provided, That nothing herein contained shall i
authorise bounty land to those who have hereto- j
fore received or become entitled to the same. !
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That where i
any company, battalion, or regiment, in an organ- I
ized form, marched more than twenty miles to the :
place where they were mustered into the service of
the United States, or were discharged more than
twenty miles from the place where such company,
battalion, or regiment was organized, in all such
cases, in computing the length of service of the of-
ficers and soldiers of any such company, battalion,
or regiment, with a view to determine the quan-
tity of land any such officer or soldier is entitled
to under safS act, approved twenty-eighth of Sep-
tember, eighteen hundred and fifty, there shall be
allowed one day for every twenty miles from the
place where the company, battalion, or regiment
was organized, to the place where-the same was
mustered into the service of the United States; and
also one day for every twenty miles from the place
where such company, battalion, or regiment was
discharged, to the place where it was organized,
and from whence it marched to enter the service.
Approved, March 22, 1852.
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the time for selecting lands for
saline purposes, granted to the State of Wisconsin
by virtue of the fourth subdivision of the seventh
section of an act entitled " An acc to eivbls ihe
people of "Wisconsin Territory to form a consti-
tution and State government, and for the admis-
sion of such State into the Union," approved the
sixth day of August, in the year eighteen hundred
and forty-six, be, and the same is hereby, ex-
tended to the first day of January, in the year
eighteen hundred and fifty-four; and the land so
selected previous to the day last mentioned shall
be granted to said State for the same purposes, on
the same conditions, and with like effect, j>s if the
same had been selected and confirmed within the
time limited by the act ahove mentioned.
Approved, May 4, 1852.
Public, XII.—An Act to change the time of holding
the United State$ District Courts in Alabama, and
for other pmpos^s.
Be H enacted by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congest
assembled, That the district courts of the United
States for the State of Alabama shall be held ia
each and every year as follows: At Mobile, on
the'fourth Monday in April and the second Mon-
day after the fourth .Monday in November; at
Huntsville, on the second Monday in May and
the second Monday in November; and at Mont-
gomery, on the fourth Monday m May and the
fourth Monday in November.
Sec. 2. Andbcit farther enacted, Thatthecounty
of Butler shall hereafter form a part of, and be
embraced in, the middle district of said State.
Approved, May 4, 1852.
Ptnn.ic, X.—An Act amendatory to the act entitled
" An act to provide for holding the Courts of the
United Stales in case of the sickness or other dis-
ability of the Judges of the. District Courts," ap-
proved July twenty-nine, eighteen hundred and fifty.
Be it cnacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Slates of America in Congress
a%embled, That the authority conferred by the act
aforesaid, hereby amended, may be exercised by
a Circuit Judge" or by the Ch'ief Justice of the
United States as in the said act directed, whenever,
on the certificate of the clerk of the Circuit or Dis-
trict Court, under the seal of the court, it shall be
made to appear, to the satisfaction of such Judge
or Chief Justice, that the public interests, from the
accumulation or urgency of judicial business in
any district, shall require it to be done; and the
District Judge so designated and appointed shall
have and exercise the same powers within such !
district as if the District Judge resident therein \
were prevented by sickness or other disability |!
from performing his judicial duties; and it shall be i'
lawful, in case of such appointment, for each of :
the said District Judges separately to hold a Dis- ;
trict or Circuit Court at the same time in such i1
district, and discharge all the judicial duties of a
District Judge therein; but no such District Judge h
shall hear appeals from the District Court. |i
Approved, April 2, 3852. |'
Public, XI.—An Act to extendthe time for selecting
Lands grunted to the State of Wisconsin for Saline [
purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Represent- 1
Public , XIIT.—An Act concerning the Stssioni of the
Courts of the United States in the District of Del-
aware.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Cong-re^
assembled, That the courts of the United States, in
and for the district of Delaware, shall hereafter be
held at New Castle, in the said district, and there
shall be two regular terms of the circuit court of
the United States for the said district, which shall
commence on the third Tuesday in June, and the
third Tuesday in October, in this and every ye.ir
hereafter; and four regular terms of the district
court of the United States for said district, which
shall commence on the second Tuesday in April,
the second Tuesday in June, the second Tuesday
in September, and the second Tuesday in January
hereafter.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, Thai the oftUe
of the clerk of the circuit court for said district,
and the lecords of said court, shali be kept at
Wilmington or New Castle, in the said district,
as may be directed by an order, in writing, made
by the judges of the said circuit court, in term or
vacation, snd entered upon the records thereof;
and that the ofiice of the clerk of the said district
court and the records thereof shall be kept at either
of the same places as may be directed by the judge
of the said district court, by an order made in
term or vacation, and entered upon the records
thereof.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That no pro-
cess issued or proceedings pending m either of the
said courts shall be avoided or impaired by this
change of the time and place of holding the said
courts; but all process, bail-bonds, or recogni-
zances returnable at the next term of either of the
said courts, shall be returnable and returned to the
term of said courts respectively n« xt held accord-
ing to this act, in the same manner as if so maue
returnable on the face thereof, and shali nave full
effect accordingly; and all continuances nvy po-
made to conform to the provisions of this
Apfkoveu, May 30, 1852.
Public,xiv.—An Act to authof ize. the Legislature of
the, State of Mississippi to sell the lands heretofo*'a
appropriated for the use of Schools in that State, and
to ratify and approve the sales already made.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States cf America in Congress
assembled, That the Legislature of the State of
Mississippi shall be, and is hereby, authorized to
sell and convey in fee-simple, or lease, for a term
of years, as the said Legislature may deem best,
