.724
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 12,
The question being taken, the motion wasagreed
to, and
The House adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions, memorials, &c.? were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. FLORENCE: The memorial of R. G. Simpson,
Thomas 13. Waram, Samuel G. Hamilton, Samuel Laf-
fertv, Oliver S. Cowman, and 65 others, citizens of the
county of Philadelphia, praying for the extension, of the
Woodworth patent for planing boards, &c.
Also, a letter from George B. Sloat, of the county of
Philadelphia,in relation to the same sahject?informi g that
more than 3,700 names have been signed to petitions and
forwarded by him and J. 11. Wilson, also of Philadelphia
county, in favor of the extension of the Woodworth patent
for planing boards, &c.
By Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York: Two remonstrances
of inhabitants of Rensselaer county, New Yuik, against the
extension of the Woodworth patent.
Also, a remonstrance of sundry citizens of Troy, New
York, against the same.
Also, nine petitions trom numerous citizens in Schenec-
tady, Mechantcsville, Waterford. Saiatoga Spungs, Foit
Ann. Smith's Basin, and Troy, New Yoik, and from Cas-
tletoii, Vennont, praying that Wmtehall, on Lake Cham-
plain, bo made a pott of entry.
By Mi. WILDilfCK : The petition of J. E. Fieison and
78 otheis of Still Water, Sussex county, New Jersey,
against the extension of the Woodworth patent.
By Mr. PARKER, of Pennsylvania :• The remonstrance
of John R. Weeks and 58 others, citizens of MiftUn county,
Pennsylvania, against the extension of tlie Woodwoitli
patent by Coimre^.
By Mr. ROBBJNS: The petition of Henry Lyons and 35
others, citizens of Philadelphia county, in tavor ot the
Woodworth patent.
By Mr. MASON : The memorial of J. S. Perry and oth-
ers, citizens of Kentucky, praying Congress to grant a pio-
tection on non.
Also, the memorial of J Buckley and others, citizens of
Kentucky, praying Congiess to grant a protection oil iron.
By Mr. CONGER: The petition of J. K. Rugg and 38
others, citizens of Genesee county, Michigan, in favor of
Cyprian Panish, a soldier of the Revolution, tor arreais of
pension, and to have his pension increased to its original
amount, to wit, .$56 66 pei year, with ueetnnpanynig testi-
mony and exhibits.
By Mr. BIBIGIIAUS : The remonstrance of James Ha-
zel ton, William Kerr, William K. .Mchaliey, and lot) other
citizen^ of JlAmsbuig. Pennsylvania, against tiie ienew.il
of the Woodwoitli patent.
By Mr. WILCOX: The petition of William Ilulbcrt
and ofhejs, citizens of the ^t.Ue of ATisMhsippi, praj ing
th.it said Hulbert may he refunded the sum of ><99 41,
which he lias twice paid for the wcbt half of Lite nounwest
quarter of section lilteen and township sixteen, ol range
nine, oast.
By Mr. D WIS, of Massachusetts: The petition of James
Lvman and others, citizens of Massachusetts, prajmgthat
Woodwoith'f patent be not extended.
ANo, the petition of F-lea/.oi Poiter and others, citizens
of Ma-vichiHetis, praying for additional pay to assistant
martinis employed in taking the census.
By Mr. MIL Liutt: The memorial signed by 70 citizens
of Lu/.eine county, Pennsylvania, lenionstraung against
th« extension of Woodworth's patent.
By Mr. PRICE : The memorial of P. K. Dickinson &
Co., ot Wilmington, North Carolina, against the extension
of the patent of William W. Woodworth.
By Mr. ROB1E : The lemonstiance of IraTraey and200
others, citizens of Alleghany county, New York, against
the extension of the Woodworth patent.
On motion by Mi. HCfJDDf-'R, und(;r the rule, the peti-
tions of Joseph II. Davi.s and othcis, and the accompanying
papei« whiting lo the seamen engaged in the whale fishery
and the erection of a maune hospital at Ww lied lord, Mas-
sachusetts, weie taken from the files and referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
IN SENATE.
Friday, March 12, 1852.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. C. M. Butler.
Mr. HAMLIN. 1 have risen for the purpose
of asking the unanimous consent of the Senate, to
do what 1 believe 1 have never before done. It is
to occupy a few moments in addressing it upon a
subject before the body, relating to the action of
the Committee on Commerce, and somewhat per-
sona! to myself. 1 think I will not occupy more
than fifteen or twenty minutes of the time of the
Senate; and I desire unanimous consent for that
purpose.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator can only ad-
dress the Senate on a subject not now pending, by
unanimous consent. If there be no objection the
Senator from Maine can proceed.
There was no objection.
Mr.HA.MLIN, Mr. President, in the early
part of this session, sundry memorials were re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce, relating to
an act to provide for the better security of the
lives ol passengers on board of vessels propelled
in whole or in part by steam. The subject was
referred by the Committee on Commerce to a sub-
committee, consisting of the Senator from xMassa-
cfcusetts, [Mr. Davis.] On the 18th day of Feb- J
ruary, that Senator reported the bill which I now
hold in my hand. The matter, as originally pre-
sented to the Committee on Commerce, embraced
the subject of steam-boilers, life-boats, pumps, and
other apparatus connected with our steam-boats.
On a subsequent day to that on which the origin-
al papers were presented to the committee, my
colleague [Mr. JBradburt] introduced a resolu-
tion, calling the attention of the Committee on
Commerce to another branch connected with the
matter to which the bill originally related, to wit:
to the subject of the distresses and calamities
which grew out of our overburdened boats from
New York to California, and from California to
New York. On the presentation of that resolu-
tion, and of other papers and memorials relating to
the same subject, the committee immediately gave
the subject a consideration. This bill, to which I
have referred, was reported on the 18th day of
February, and contains certain provisions designed
to remedy the evils complained of in relation to
California steamers. After the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts had reported the bill, there were two
other papers referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, relating to the California steamers. On the
first day of March, by the direction of the Com-
mittee on Commerce, I submitted the following
report:
"Mr. Hamlin, from the Committee on Commerce, to
which was referred documents relating to the treatment of
passengers 111 steam-vessels going to and from California,
and a memoiial from the citizens of Brunswick, Maine, on
the tame subject, submitted a report asking to be discharged
from the fuither consideration of the same; which was
agreed to."
Now, if the reporters had stated what I stated
in my place, this explanation on my part would
not have been necessary. I stated that I made the
report because the committee had already reported
a bill embracing the subject-matter contained in
these papers. But the reporters did not make the
explanation which I gave in my place, conse-
quently I find that the Legislature of the State
of Maine, justly alarmed that no action was to be
taken by Congress in relation to that question,
have agitated the question. I find that public
meetings in New England have been called, and
all predicated upon a mistaken fact, to wit: That
the Committee on Commerce have asked leave to
be discharged from the consideration of the sub-
ject. It simply asked to be discharged from the
consideration of those two papers; and the reason
which I gave would have been sufficient, if it had
been stated, namely: that the subject-matter had
already been reported upon. And besides that,
and subsequent to this brief report which I made,
asking to be discharged from the consideration of
these two papers, I may say that I have been over-
whelmed with letters from all parts of New Eng-
land, from which section of country many of our
people are going to the distant region of California;
and I have sought this occasion to make this ex-
planation, in order that it may be known—first,
that the Committee on Commerce have neither
been remiss or derelict in its duty; and, secondly,
that m making the report, I only sought to be
discharged from these two papers, because the
subject had been reported upon.
One word further. Bccause the bill is a volum-
inous one, I desire to state very briefly what are
the provisions in it which we have incorporated,
with the desire to cure the evil which has been so
much complained of. In the first place, the bill
provides that there shall be appointed by the Presi-
dent two inspectors; one to be called Inspector of
Steam-Boilers, and one to be called Inspector of
Hulls. This bill provides that this Board of In-
spectors shall examine the character of the vessel,
of its hull and its construction, and shall designate
precisely the number of passengers, beyond which
the boat shall not be allowed to carry; and these
inspectors, after having made such an examina-
tion, are to issue a certificate, to the owners of the
boat, which certificate is to be printed, and to be
put up in some public and conspicuous place m
the boat, showing the number of passengers be-
yond which the boat shall not be allowed to carry.
In the opinion of the committee, very much of
the evils complained of arise from the great num-
ber of passengers taken on board.
It has been suggested that the same rule which
applies to our sailing vessels shall apply to our
steam-vessels. The matter received the consider-
ation of the committee. I have received this j
morning a letter from a very intelligent, and scien- '
tific,and educated gentleman in Maine, who urges
upon out consideration the importance of making
the same provisions that apply to our sailing ves-
sels apply to our steam-boats. But when it is
known that the construction of our steam-boats
varies so much from that of our sailing vessels, it
will be seen that the superficial number of feet, or
the number of square feet necessary for a pas-
senger in the one case, would not be an adequate
or proper rule for the other case, ft was believed,,
and it is believed by your committee, that by the
appointment of a skillful man to inspect the boat
and its construction, he would better determine
the number than any rule which the committee
could fix, based on the number either of super-
ficial or square feet.
It is also proposed by the committee when this
bill shall come up for consideration, to add another
section to it, with ample and sufficient penalties,
which shall compel the owners of the boats to
have a sufficient quantity of food, and of sufficient
quality. Both of these provisions, when incor-
porated into a bill, in the opinion of your commit-
tee, will meet very nearly all the objections, and
cure all the calamities which are said to be oc-
casioned. The Senator from Massachusetts will
offer such an amendment.
Then, sir, in addition to that, the bill provides*
that for a violation of the provisions to which I
have alluded, the owners and the master of a ves-
sel shall be liable in a penalty equal to the amount
of the passage money, and ten dollars additional
for every passenger they shall take on board the
boat beyond the number specified in the certificate.
The bill also provides, that all the penalties at-
tached in such case shall attach to the boat, and
the boat shall be held to respond to all the dam-
ages which shall arise in relation to any violation
of the provision of the bill relating to passen-
gers. The bill was drawn up by the Senator from
Massachusetts, and 1 am bound to say that he
has manifested great industry and signal ability.
And I think that when carefully examined by the
Senate, it will be very certain to meet its approval.
It does meet mine, and will receive my hearty
concurrence. If there are any additional provis-
ions which should be deemed necessary, in rela-
tion to the ventilation of these boats, or of any other
description, I can only say, that there is a con-
current sentiment existing in the Committee on
Commerce, to add all necessary provisions to
meet all the evils that may be found to exist in
the case.
The bill is a very important one,-and one in
which a deep interest is taken by the public. The
calamities and evils complained of are indeed start-
ling, and 1 can state, the committee are fully im-
pressed with its importance. The Senator from
Massachusetts [Mr. Davis,] who has it in charge,
will ask forjts consideration at the earliest prac-
ticable moment.
Mr.BRADBURY. Idesiresimply to add that
I have received numerous communications,founded
upon the same misapplication to which allusion
has been made, from different parts of my State.
The explanation which my colleague has given,
will remove, I think, all misapprehensions on the
subject. I desire to add, that I am very glad to
learn that it is in contemplation by the Committee
on Commerce to propose an amendment to the
bill already reported, imposing severe penalties for
the neglect to provide sufficient and suitable food
for passengers. I hope the bill will be taken up
at an early day, and receive prompt consider-
ation. I believe that the Senate will be satisfied,
from a detail of the facts, that greater and more
horrid abuses have never been inflicted on civil-
ized men, than are continually practiced, even at
the present day, upon large numbers of passen-
gers in some of the steamers plying between the
Atlantic ports and California.
SPECIAL ORDER—PRIVATE BILLS.
Mr. RHETT. I move to postpone the execu-
tion of the order setting apart Fridays for the
consideration of private bills, for half an hour.
The motion was not agreed to.
WILLIAM A. DUER.
The report made by the Committee of Claims
in the case of William A. Duer, came up for con-
sideration, and was, on motion, postponed until
Friday next.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The PRESIDENT. The usual course has been
