1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
725
to take up reports in the first instance. Last Fri-
day the Senate determined not to act upon the
reports, but to proceed to the consideration of the
bills on the Private Calendar. The Chair will be
under the direction of the Senate as respects that
matter. If they prefer that the bills shall be taken
up, to the exclusion of the reports made on private
bills by committees, the Chair will take that
course.
Mr. BADGER. I hope we will proceed, as we
did last Friday, with the Calendar. The bills
which we pass have to go to the House of Repre-
sentatives. The adverse reports can be agreed to
at any time, and there is an end of them.
Mr. BAYARD. The effect may be that the
adverse reports will never be agreed to. Such a
result is not uncommon, if they are passed over in
that way. It will take but a short time, proba-
bly not half an hour, to go through the whole of
them.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair desires to pro-
ceed according to the rules of the Senate.
Mr. BADGER. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the private bills on the
Calendar.
The motion was agreed to.
PRIVATE BILLS.
The bill for the relief of Thomas H. Leggett,
the bill for the relief of Ira Day of Vermont, and
the bill for the relief of John W. Simonton, coming
up for consideration, were postponed until next
Friday.
ELIJAH J. WEED.
The Senate then proceeded, as in Committee of
the Whole, to the consideration of the bill for the
relief of the securities of Elijah J. Weed, late
quartermaster of Marines, deceased, which was
read a second time. It was reported from the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, and provides that the
accounting officers of the Treasury Department be
authorized to reexamine and settle the accounts of
Major Elijah J. Weed, late quartermaster of Mar-
ines, deceased, in conformity with the law and
with usages of the Navy Department; provided,
that the allowance made shall not exceed the bal-
ance now claimed by the Government from his
sureties.
At the request of Mr. Borland, the report in the
case was read; from which it appears that the sub-
ject was referred to the committee on the petition of
John S. Devlin, administrator of the late Quarter-
master Weed. Major Weed died in March, 1838,
indebted to the Government, and the petitioner, as
his administrator, seeks, as an offset to the bal-
ance of the claim, with the view to relieve liis sure-
ties, an allowance of one per cent, upon certain
disbursements made by him between 1835 and the
date of his death. He asks a reexamination of
the accounts of the deceased officer for the purpose
of having certain items, which were rejected on a
former settling, now passed to his credit. In
support of his claim for a percentage upon the
disbursements, the memorialist alleges, that for
some years naval officers disbursed appropriations
for the marine corps and received a percentage
therefor; that that was abandoned and the duty
thrown upon the quartermasters; that they were
allowed one per cent, upon the moneys disbursed;
that that percentage was allowed Major Weed
from 1832 to 1835, when it was refused under a
proviso of the act of 1835, in relation to the Dela-
ware breakwater, which proviso had been pro-
nounced by the Attorney General to be perma-
nent, under which opinion the Secretary of War
abolished extra compensations, not authorized by
law, to the officers of the Army; that this proviso
was afterwards declared by the Supreme Court to
be applicable only to appropriations made during
the Congress at which the act was passed, but that
they also decided that the order issued under an
erroneous conception of the law was valid. He
argues that the usages of the War Department do
not regulate those of the Navy Department, which
alone has the control of the marine corps. But
the petitioner is mistaken in his allegation that the
accounting officers of the Treasury withheld the
percentage on the order of the head of the War
Department. The facts in connection with the
disallowance of this commission are stated by the
Fourth Auditor of the Treasury. The marine
corps, being but a small body, was not allowed a
commissary on subsistence or purchases, but the
Secretary of the Navy required the quartermaster
to perform certain duties which would have be-
longed to such officers had they existed. He was
also charged with the superintendence of the ma-
rine armory, for which he received $150 per an-
num; and for his -services in regard to the subsist-
ence he was allowed $30 a month, and on his
purchases of marine clothing a commission of one
per cent. This commission, however, was not
granted until the year 1826 or 1827. On the 30th
of June, 1834, an act was passed reorganizing the
marine corps. The account of Cluartermaster
Weed, of the fourth quarter of 1834, for extra
compensation as commissary of subsistence, for
pay as superintendent of the armory, and for the
commission of one per cent., were referred to the
Secretary of the Navy, who refused to allow them,
because he considered them as inadmissible under
the act of June 30, 1834. It was not, therefore,
under the order of the War Department that the
allowance was refused by the accounting officers
of the Treasury. The committee are clearly of
the opinion that the accounting officers were bound
to conform to the order of the head of the De-
partment, and they, therefore, properly rejected
the claim for percentage. The committee further
express the opinion, ttiat it would not be expedi-
ent at this time, after the lapse of eighteen years,
to recommend to Congress to review the decision
of the head of the Navy Department, made in the
undoubted exercise of a discretionary power be-
longing to him. They are of the opinion that the
claim for commissions from 1834 to the death of
Major Weed should not be allowed. With regard
to some other items that were rejected by the
accounting officers, and which the petitioner asks
may be settled upon just and equitable principles,
the committee know'no principles but those pre-
scribed by law and the regulations of the Depart-
ment upon which they can recommend their set-
tlement. In this case, they believe that law is
equity. They are unwilling to commit the ac-
counts to the arbitrary and uncontrolled notions
of equity and justice which the accounting officers
of the Treasury may entertain; but believing that
the estate of the deceased may be entitled to an
allowance on some items which have been reject-
ed, they report a bill for the relief the petitioner
and recommend its passage.
Mr. BRADBURY. I have listened to the read-
ing of the report, and concur in everything which
I find stated in it. It declares that no allowance
ought to be made for commissions on disburse-
ments; but that equity may be promoted by
, opening these accounts for their adjustment. I
propose, as an amendment, for the purpose of
I making the bill specific, that it may carry out the
i purpose indicated in the report of the committee,
! to add to the end of the bill the words, "nor shall
] any allowance be made for commissions on dis-
i bursements."
Mr. FISH. I am not aware that there can be
any objection to that amendment; but it strikes
me as wholly unnecessary. The provision which
the committee have introduced, wherein it varies
from bills previously reported on this subject, has
been by striking out the authority given by these
bills to accounting officers to settle upon principles
] of equity. In this bill the committee direct that
j the amount shall be settled in conformity with the
: law and regulations of the Navy Department.
; These usages and these regulations are set forth
! at length in the report which has been read, and
upon which the claim for commission has already
been rejected.
Mr. 'BRADBURY. It will not prejudice the
bill in the least, and probably may facilitate its
passage.
Mr. BORLAND. I shall vote against the
amendment, because it is wholly unnecessary.
: I think the bill provides all that is necessary.
Under the regulations of the Department, this very
| claim that this amendment proposes to execute,
has been rejected. The regulations of the Depart-
| ment are recounted in the report. They are re-
quired to settle according to law and under the
| regulations of the Department, which it has been
shown do exclude precisely such allowance as this
amendment rejects.
i Mr. BADGER. I think the amendment ought
| not to be adopted. It is an unnecessary amend-
! rnent in one aspect; and may be mischievous in
1 another. The object of the bill is to have the ac-
! counts settled in equity and justice. Now, there
may be some technical rule or regulation in the
form which will exclude a just and proper allow-
ance.
The amendment was not agreed to. The bill
was then reported to the Senate without amend-
ment, and ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading.
NANCY WRIGHT.
The bill for the relief of Nancy Wright was
read a second time.
It provides that the Secretary of the Interior
shall place upon the pension list the name of Nan-
cy Wright, widow of James Wright, late engi-
neer on board the United States steamer McLean,
who died from disease contracted in the naval ser-
vice of the United States, and pay her the same
pension that she would have been entitled to re-
ceive had her late husband been commissioned as
an engineer in the United States naval service; the
pension to commence on the 23d day of Decem-
ber, 1850, and continue during her life.
The bill was considered as in Committee of the
Whole, and there being no amendment offered, it
was reported to the Senate, and ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading.
ROBERT JEMISON AND BENJ. WILLIAMSON.
The bill for the relief of Robert Jemison and
Benjamin Williamson was read a second time,
and considered as m Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to authorize the Postmaster General
to pay Robert Jemison and Benjamin Williamson
the same amount of remuneration for carrying th«
United States mail during twenty-six weeks, in
the year 183b', on route No. 2.G9G, from Selma to
Elyton, Alabama, as the original contractors for
said route would have been entitled to receive under
the terms of their contract.
Mr. RUSK. This bill has passed the Senate
two or three times, and it will save the time of the
Senate, perhaps, if she reading of the report is
omitted, as I can state briefly the substance of it.
These parties weie contractors for carrying the
mail on a particular route. When the Creek war
broke out, they were subjected to increased ex-
pense and service in carrying the mail; and they
now apply to Congress to remunerate them for
this extra service, as well as for service in carry-
ing the mail on a short route, which they did m
consequence of the failure on the part of the con-
tractors to comply with their contract. Congress
passed a law authorizing the payment of the claim
for extra service, but the Postmaster General felt
obliged, by the terms of the law, to restrict the
payment to the extra services which were per-
formed on their own route, in consequence of the
Creek disturbances. Under that decision, they
received nothing for the service on the other route.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
NATHANIEL KUYICENDALL.
A bill for the relief of Nathaniel Kuykendall
was read a second time, and considered by the
Senate as in Committee of the Whole.
The bill provides that the Postmaster General
be authorized and directed to pay, from the reve-
nues of the Post Office Department, to Nathaniel
Kuykendall, the sum of £5,701 50, in full satis-
faction of all claims on his part for extra services
and expenses in carrying the mail on route No.
1932, from Romney to Clarksburg, in Virginia,
for four years and a half, commencing in the year
i 1839, he having conveyed the mail in four-horse
1 post-coaches and three trips a week, and having
' received pay only for carrying the mail in two-
horse stages two trips a week; that sum being to
compensate him for this additional service.
Mr. RUSK. I can, perhaps, state the circum-
stances of this case in fewer words than are con-
tained in the report.
Mr. BADGER. There will be no objection to
it. It is all right.
Mr. RUSK. I know that it is all right; the
man has done the service, and I think he ought to
be paid for it. However, as there may be objec-
tions, it may be as well to state that in this case
; there were three routes making a continuousline of
! stages. The bids were received to carry the mail
i in two-horse coaches and in four-hourse coaches,
j This parly, I believe, bid for both, but he got only
! the central route; and his bid was accepted for
! two-horse coaches. Other bids were made for
1 four-horse coaches for the other portions of the
