1638
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 30,
do not propose to speak. Many of them hav$
passed away, and are remembered only as the
occasion for the great intellectual efforts which
marked their discussion. Concerning others, opin-
ions are still divided. They will go into history,
with the reasons on either side rendered by the
greatest intellects of the time.
As a leader in a deliberative body, Mr. Clay
had no equal in America. In him, intellect, per-
son, eloquence, and courage, united to form a
character fit to command. He fired with his
own enthusiasm, and controlled by his amazing
"will, individuals and masses. No reverse could
crush his spirit, nor defeat reduce him to despair.
Equally erect and dauntless in prosperity and ad-
versity; when successful, he moved to the accom-
plishment of his purposes with severe resolution;
when defeated, he rallied his broken bands around
him, and from his eagle eye shot along their ranks
the contagion of his own courage. Destined for
a leader, he everywhere asserted his destiny. In
his long and eventful life he came in contact with
'men of all ranks and professions, but he neverfelt
that h£ was in the, presence of a man superior to
himself. In the assemblies of the people, at the
bar, in the Senate—everywhere within the circle
of his personal presence he assumed and main-
tained a position of preeminence.
But the supremacy of Mr. Clay as a party
leader was not his only nor his highest title to re-
nown. That title is to be found in the purely pa-
triotic spirit which, on great occasions, always sig-
nalized his conduct. We have had no statesman
who in periods of real and imminent public peril has
exhibited a more genuine and enlarged patriotism
than Henry Clay. Whenever a question pre-
sented itself actually threatening the existence of
the Union, Mr. Clay, rising above the passions
of the hour, always exerted his powers to solve it
peacefully and honorably. Although more liable
than most men, from his impetuous and ardent
nature, to feel strongly the passions common to
us all, it was his rare faculty to be able to sub-
due them in a great crisis, and to hold towards
all sections of the Confederacy the language of
concord and brotherhood.
Sir, it will be a proud pleasure to every true
American heart to remember the great occasions
when Mr. Clay has displayed a sublime patriot-
ism—when the ill-temper engendered by the
times, and the miserable jealousies of the day,
seemed to have been driven fiom his bosom, by
the expulsive power of nobler feelings—when
every throb of his heart was given to his country,
every effort of his intellect dedicated to herservice.
Who does not remember the thiee periods when
the American system of Government was exposed
to its severest trials; and who does not. know that
when history shall relate the struggles which pre-
ceded and the dangers which were averted by the
Missouri compromise—the tariff compromise of
3832, and the adjustment of 1850, the same pnges
will lecord the genius, the eloquence, and the pa-
triotism of Henry Clay?
Nor was it in Mr. Clay's nature to lag behind
until measures of adjustment were matured, and
then come forward to swell a majority. On the
contrary, like a bold and real statesman, he was
ever among the first to meet the peril, and hazard
his fame upon the remedy. It is fresh in the mem-
ory of us all that, when lately the fury of sectional
discoid threatened to sever the Confederacy, Mr.
Cla.y, though withdrawn from public lite, and
oppressed by the burden of years, came back to
the Senate, the theater of his gloiy, and devoted
the remnant of his strength to the sacred duty of i
preserving the union of the States. * j
With characterisfc courage he took the lead I
in proposing a scheme of settlement. But while j
he was willing to assume the responsibility of ;
proposing a plan, he did not, with petty ambition, \
insist upon its adoption to the exclusion of other ]
modes; but taking his own as a starting; point for i
discussion and practical action, he nobly labored j
with his compatriots to change and improve it in j
such form as to make it an acceptable adjustment. !
Throughout the long and arduous sttu<rgle, the |
love of country expelled from his bosom the spirit !
of selfishness, and Mr. Clay proved for the third
time, that though he was ambitious, and loved '
glory, he had no ambition to mount to fame on i
the confusions of his country. And this convic- *
tion is lodged in the hearts of the people; the partv '
measures and the party passions of former time3 !
have not, for several years, interposed between
Mr. Clay and the masses of his countrymen.
After 1850 he seemed to feel that his mission was
accomplished, and during the same period the re-
gards and affections of the American people have
been attracted to him in a remarkable degree.
For many months the warmest feelings—-the deep-
est anxieties of all parties centered upon the dying
statesman; the glory of his great actions shed a
mellow lustre on his declining years, and to fill
the measure of his fame, his countrymen, weaving
for him the laurel wreath, with common hands,
did bind.it about hjs venerable brows, and send
him crowned, to history.
The life of Mr. Clay, sir, is a striking ex-
ample of the abiding fame which surely awaits
the direct and candid statesman. The entire ab-
sence of equivocation or disguise in all his acts
was his master-key to the popular heart; for while
the people will forgive the errors of a bold and
open nature, he sins past forgiveness who deliber-
ately deceives them. Hence Mr. Clay, though
often defeated in his measures of policy, always
secured the respect of his opponents without losing
the confidence of his friends. He never paltered
in a double sense. The country was never in
doubt as to his opinions or his purposes. In all
the contests of his time, his position on great public
questions was as clear as the sun m a cloudless
sky. Sir, standing by thegraveof this great man,
and considering these things, how contemptible
does appear the mere legerdemain of politics f
what a reproach is his life on that false policy
which would trifle with a great and upright peo-
ple ! If I were to write his epitaph, I would in-
scribe as the highest eulogy, on the stone which
shall mark his resting place, "Here lies a man
who was in the public service for fifty years, and
never attempted to deceive his countrymen."
While the youth of America should imitate his
noble qualities, they may take courage from his
career and note the high proof it affords that
under our equal institutions the avenues to honor
are open to all. Mr. Clay rose by the force of his
own genius, unaided by power, patronage, or
wealth. At an age when our young men are
usually advanced to the higher schools of learn-
ing, provided only with the rudiments of an Eng-
lish education, he turned his steps to the West,
and amidst the rude collisions of a border life, ma-
tured a character whose highest exhibitions were
destined to mark eras in his country's history.
Beginning on the frontiers of American civiliza-
tion, the orphan boy, supported only by the con-
sciousness of his own powers, and by the confi-
dence of the people, surmounted all the barriers
of adverse fortune, and won a glorious name in
the annals of Ins country. Let the generous
youth, fired with honorable ambition, remember
that the American system of Government offers
on every hand bounties to merit. If, like Clay,
orphanage, obscurity, poverty, shall oppress
him; yet if, like Clay, he feels the Promethean
spark within, let him remember that his country,
like a generous mother, extends her arms to wel-
come and to cherish every one of her children
whose genius and worth may promote her pros-
perity or increase her renown.
Mr. Speaker, the signs of woe around us and
the general voice announce that another great man
has fallen. Our consolation is that he was not
taken in the vigor of his manhood, but sunk into
the grave at the close ot a long and illustrious
caieer. The great statesmen who have filled the
hugest spate in the public eye, one by one are
passing away. Of the three great leaders of the
Senate, one alone remains, and he must follow
soon. We shall witness no more their intellectual
struggles in the American forum; but the monu-
ments of their genius will be cherisheiLas the com-
mon property of the people, and their names will
continue to confer dignity and renown upon their
country.
Not less illustrious than the greatest of these
will be the name of Clvy—a name pronounced
with pride by Americans in every quarter of the
globe; a name to be remembered while history
shall record the struggles of modern Greece for
freedom, or the spirit of liberty burn in the South
Ameiican bosom; a living and immortal name a
name that would descend to posterity without the
aid of letters, borne by tradition from generation
to generation. Every memorial of such a man
will possess a meaning and a value to his country-
men. His tomb will be a hallowed spot. Great
memories will cluster there, and his countrymen?
as they visit it, may well exclaim—■
" Sncli graves as liis are pilgrim shrines,
Shrines to no erefJd oi code confined}
The Delphian vale*-, the Palestine?,
The Mecca* of the mind."
Mr. Speaker, I offer the following resolutions:
Resolved, That the House of Representatives of the Uni-
ted States has received, with the deepest sensibility, intel-
ligence of the death of Henry Clay. .
Resolved, That the officeis and membersWthe House of
Representatives will wear the usual badge of mourning for
tlmty daj*s, as a testimony of the piotound respect this
House entertains for the memory ot the deceased.
Resolved, That the officers and members of the House
of Representatives, in a body, will Hlterul the luueiai of
Henry Clay, on the day appointed lor that puipose by the
Senate of the United States.
Resolved,Thnt the proceedings of this House, m relation
to the deatli of Hfc.vry Clay, be communicated to the family
of tiie deceased by the Clei k.
Resolved. That as a fui tiler mark of respect for tfie mem-
ory ot the deceased, tins House do now adjourn.
Mr. EWING rose and said: A noble heart has
ceased to beat forever. A long life of brilliant and
self-devoted public service is finished at last. And
we now stand at its conclusion looking back
through the changeful history of that life to its
beginning, contemporaneous with the very birth
of the Republic; and its varied events mingle in
our hearts and our memories—with the triumph
and calamities, the weakness and the power, the
adversity and prosperity of a country we love so
much. As we contemplate this sad event,in this
place, the shadows of the past gather over us; the
memories of events long gone crowd upon us, and
the shades of departed patriots seem to hover
about us, and wait to receive into their midst the
spirit ot one who was worthy to be a co-laborer
with them in a common cause, and to share in
the rewards of their virtues. Henceforth lie must
be to us as one of them.
They say he was ambitious. If so it was a
grievous fault, and grievously has he answered it.
He has found in it naught but disappointment. It
has but served to aggravate the mortification of
his defeats, and furnish an additional luster to the
triumph of his foes. Those who come after us
may, ay, they will, inquire why his statuestands
not among the statues of those whom men thought
ablest and worthiest to govern.
But his ambition was a high and holy feeling—
unselfish, magnanimous. Its aspirations were for
his country's good, and its triumph was his coun-
try's prosperty. Whether in honor or reproach,
in triumph or defeat, that heart of his never
thiobbed with one pulsation save for her honor
and her welfare. Turn to him m that last best
deed, and crowning glory of a life so full of public
service and of honor, when his career of personal
ambition was finished forever. Rejected again
and again by his countrymen; just abandoned by
a party which would scarce hav-e had an existence
without his genius, his courage, and his labors,
that great heart, ever firm and defiant to the as-
saults of his enemies, but defenseless against the
ingratitude of friends, doubtless wrung with the
bitterest mortification of his life—then it was, and
under such circumstances as these, the gathering
storm rose upon his country. All eyes turned to
him; all voices called for those services which, in
the hour of .prosperity and security, they had so
carelessly rejected. With no misanthropic cha-
grin; with no morose, selfish resentment, he for-
got all but his country and that country endan-
gered. He returns 10 the scene of his labors
and his fame which he had thought to have left
foiever. A scene—that American Senate Cham-
ber—clothed in no gorgeous drapery, shrouded
in no superstitious awe or ancient i everence for
hereditary power, but to a reflecting American
mind more full of interest, of dignity, and of
grandeur than any spot on this broad earth, not
made holy by religion's consecrating seal. See
him as he enters there, tremblingly, but hopefully,
upon the last, most momentous, perhaps most
doubtful conflict of his hfe. Sir, many a gay
tournament has been more dazzling to the eye of
fancy, more gorgeous and imposing in the display
of jewelry and cloth of gold, in the sound of her-
alds' trumpets, in the grand array of princely
beauty and of royal pude. Many a battle-field
has trembled beneath a more'ostentatious parade
of human power, and its conquerors have been
crowned with laurels, honored with triumphs,and
apotheosized amid the demigods of history; but
