IV
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the assent of Congress is hereby-
given to the State of Missouri to impose a tax or
taxes upon all lands hereafter sold by the United
States in said State, from and after the day of such
sale: Provided,. That the assent hereby given shall
in nowise impair that provision of the compact
with the said State which declares that all lands
belonging to citizens of the United States residing
without the said State shall never be taxed higher
than lands belonging to persons residing therein.
Approved, June 10, 3852.
Public, XXII.—An Act relating to the Salaries of
Officers of the Territories of the United States,
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That whenever any officer of either of
the Territories of the United States shall be absent
therefrom, and from the duties of his office, no
salary shall be paid him during the year in which
such absence shall occur, unless good cause shall
be shown to the President of the United States,
who shall officially certify his opinion of such
cause to the proper accounting officer of the Treas-
ury, to be filed in his office.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the pro-
viso contained in an act entitled "An act making
' appropriations for the civil and diplomatic ex-
' penses of the Government for the year ending
* the thirtieth of .Tune, eighteen hundred and fifty-
* one, relating to the officers of the Territories of
* the United States," be and the same is hereby
so modified as to authorize the payment of the sal-
ary of any officer therein named, notwithstanding
such officer may have been absent from such Ter-
ritory and his official duties for more* than sixty
days: Provided, ThePresidentof theUnitedStates
shall certify officially his opinion that the absence
of such officer has been for good and sufficient
causes.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That nothing
in the said proviso, or in this act, shall be so con-
strued as to prevent the payment of the salaries of
the chief justice, associate justice, and secretary of
state of the Territory of Utah, who have with-
drawn from said Territory for reasons set forth in
their report to the President of the United States.
Approved, June 15, 1852.
Public, XXIII.—An Act making an Appropriation
for the Payment of Navy Pensions for the year
ending lite thirtieth June, one thousand eight hun-
dred and fifty-three.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the following sum he, and the
same is hereby, appropriated, out of any money
in theTreasuary not otherwise appropriated, for
the pay of Navy pensions for the year ending
thirtieth June, eighteen hundred and fifty-three,
for invalid pensions, forty five thousand dollars.
Approved, June 19, 1852.
Public, XXIV.—An Act to amend an act entitled
" An act to carry into effect the Convention between
the United States and the Emperor of Brazil of the
twenty-seventh day of January, in the year eighteen
hundred and forty-nine," approved March twenty-
ninth, eighteen hundred and fifty.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Stales of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury in
discharging the awards made by the commissioner
tinder the act " to carry into effect the convention
between the United States and the Emperor of
Brazil of the twenty-seventh day of January, in
the year eighteen' hundred and forty-nine," ap-
proved March twenty-ninth, eighteen hundred
and fifty, which is hereby amended, shall in all
cases to which the same shall apply, be governed
by the provisions of the eighth section of the act
entitled " An act to carry into effect certain stipu-
lations of the treaty between theUnited States of
America and the Republic of Mexico of the second
day of February, eighteen hundred and forty-
eight," approved March third, eighteen hundred
and forty-nine, in the same manner and to the
same extent as if said eighth section had been
originally a part of said act hereby amended:
Providedyhowever, That any party who shall desire
to avail himself of the provision of the said eighth
section shall notify the Secretary of the Treasury
thereof within five days from the passage of this
act, or from the date of said award of the commis-
sioner to adjust the claims aganst Brazil.
Approved, July 3,1852.
Public, XXV".—An Act to establish a Branch of the
Mint of the United States in California.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That a branch of the Mintof the United
States be established in California, to be located
by the Secretary of the Treasury, for the coinage
of gold and silver.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That suitable
buildings shall be procured or erected for carrying
on the business of the said branch Mint, and the
following officers shall be appointed,so soon as the
public interests may require their services, upon
the nomination of the President, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, to wit: One su-
perintendent, onetreasurer, oneassayer,one melter
and refiner, and one coiner. And the said super-
intendent shall engage and employ as many clerks
and as many subordinate workmen and servants
as shall be provided for by law; and until the thir-
tieth of June, one thousand eight hundied and
fifty-five, the salaries of said officers and clerks
shall be as follows: to the superintendent and to
the treasurer the sum of four thousand five hun-
dred dollars each; to the assayer, to the melter and
refiner, and to the coiner the sum of three thou-
sand dollars each; to the subordinate workmen such
wages and allowances as are customary and rea-
sonable, according to their respective stations and
occupations.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the offi-
cers and clerks to be appointed under this act shall
take an oath or affirmation before some judge of
the United States or of the Supreme Court of Cali-
fornia, faithfully and diligently to perform the du-
ties thereof, and shall each become bound to the
United States of America, with one or more sure-
ties, to the satisfaction of the director of the Mint
and the Secretary of the Treasury, or the district
attorney of the United States for the State of Cali-
fornia, with condition for the faithful and diligent
performance of their offices.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the gen-
eral direction of the business of said branch of the
Mint of the United States shall be under the con-
trol and regulation of the director of the Mint at
Philadelphia, subject to the approbation of the
Secretary of the Treasury, and for that purpose
it shall be the duty of the said director to prescribe
such regulations and require such returns period-
ically and occasionally as shall appear to him to
be necessary for the purpose of carrying into
effect the intention of this act in establishing said
branch; also, for the purpose of discriminating the
coin which shall be stamped at said branch and at
the Mint itself; and also for the purpose of pre-
serving uniformity of weight, form, and fineness
in the coins stamped at said branch; and for that
purpose to require the transmission and delivery
to him at the Mint, from time to time, of such
parcels of the coinage of said branch as he shall
think proper, to be subjected to such assays and
tests as he shall direct.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That all the
laws and parts of laws now in force for the regu-
lation of the Mint of the United States, and for
the government of the officers and persons em-
ployed therein, and for the punishment of all
offences connected with the Mint or coinage of
theUnited States, shall be and they are hereby
declared to be in full force m relation to the branch
of the Mint by this act established, so far as the
same may be applicable thereto.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That no per-
manent location of .said Mint shall be made or
buildings erected therefor, until the State of Cali-
fornia shall, by some law or other public act,
pledge the faith of the State that no tax shall at
any time be laid, assessed, or collected by the
said State, or under the authority of the said State,
on the said branch Mint, or on thebuildingswhich
may be erected therefor, or on the fixtures and
machinery which may be used therein, or on the
lands on which the same may be placed; but noth-
ing in this section contained shall be understood
as implying an admission that any such power of
taxation rightfully exists.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That the said
branch Mint shall be the place of deposit for the
public moneys collected in the custom-houses in
the State of California, and for such other public
moneys as the Secretary of the Treasury may
direct; and the treasurer of said branch Mint shall
have the custody of the same, and shall perform
the duties of an assistant treasurer, and for that
purpose shall be subject to all the provisions con-
tained in an act entitled " An act to provide for the
better organization of the Treasury, and for the
collection, safe-keeping, transfer, and disburse-
ment of the public revenue,55 approved August
sixth, one thousand eight hundred and forty-six,
which relates to the treasurer of the branch Mint
at New Orleans.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That, if re-
quired by the holder, gold in grain or lumps shall
be refined, assayed, cast into bars or ingots, and
stamped in said branch Mint, or in the Mint of the
United States, or any of its branches, in such
manner as may indicate the value or fineness of
the bar or ingot, which shall be paid for by the
owner or holder of said bullion at such rates and
charges, and under such regulations, as the director
of the Mint, under the control of the Secretary of
the Treasury, may from time to time establish.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That so soon
as the said branch Mint is established in the State
of California, and public notice shall be given
thereof in the mode to be designated by the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, then so much of the act
making appropriations for the civil and diplomatic
expenses of the Government for the year ending
thirtieth June, eighteen hundred and fifty-one, and
for other purposes, as provides for the appoint-
ment of an United States"assayer, and the con-
tracting for the assaying and fixing the value of
gold in gram or lumps, and for the forming the
same into bars, be, and the whole of the clause
containing said provisions shall be, hereby re-
pealed.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That before
the Secretary of the Treasury shall procure or
erect the buildings provided for in the second sec-
tion of this act, or commence operations under any
of the provisions of the same, at San Francisco,
State of California, it shall be his duty to make a
contract or contracts for the erection of said build-
ings, and procuring the machinery necessary for
the operations of said Mint, at a sum or sums
which shall not in the whole exceed the sum of
three hundred thousand dollars, which said con-
tract or contracts shall be secured by good and
sufficient sureties, to the satisfaction of the said
Secretary of the Treasury and the President of the
United States.
Approved, July 3, 1852.
Public, XXVI.—An Act to amend an act entitled
" An act for the Punishment of Crimes in the Dis-
trict of Columbia
Whereas it has been represented that so much
of the third section of the act of which this act is
an amendment as provides a punishment for the
maliciously, willful, orfraudulentburning of stores,
barns, or outhouses notadjoiningadwellinghouse,
has been construed to apply to the cases of burn-
ing such houses only when they contain merchan-
dise, tobacco, grain, or hay, whereby offenders
have escaped punishment for burning buildings in
which none of said articles were kept;
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America m Congress
assembled, That, from and after the passage of this
act, if any person or persons shall maliciously,
willfully, or fraudulently, and with intent to injure
or defraud any other person or persons, or body-
politic or corporate, burn, or set on fire with in-
tent to burn, or attempt to set on fire or burn, any
house or outhouse m the District of Columbia,
whether the same be finished or in the process of
erection, though the said house or outhouse shall
not at the time of such burning, or setting on fire,
or attempting to set on fire or bum, have any
goods, tobacco, hay, or grain therein, nor be ad-
joining to any dwelling house, nor be occupied or
used for any purpose whatever, he, she, or they,
on conviction thereof, shall be sentenced to suffer
the same punishment and labor as provided in the
said third section of the said act to which this is
an amendment for the offenses therein enumerated.
Approved, July 3, 1852.
