THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Pub lie, XXVII.—An Act making Appropriations for
the Payment of Invalid and other Pensions of the
United States, for the year ending the thirtieth of
June, one thousand eight hundred and Jifty-three.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the following sums be, and the
same are hereby, appropriated, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for
the payment of pensions, for the year ending the
thirtieth of June, one thousand eight hundred and
fifty-three:
For invalid pensions, under various acts, four
hundred thousand dollars.
For pensions for widows and orphans, under
the acts of July the fourth, one thousand eight
hundred and thirty-six, and July the twenty-first,
eighteen hundred and forty-eight, three hundred
and seventy-seven thousand two hundred and
forty dollars.
For pensions to widows, under the act of sev-
enth July, eighteen hundred and thirty-eight,
ninety thousand dollars.
For pensions to widows, under the act of third
March, eighteen hundred and forty-three, thirty
thousand dollars.
For pensions to widows, under the acts of the
seventeenth of June, eighteen hundred and forty-
four, second of February, eighteen hundred and
forty-eight, and twenty-ninth of July, eighteen
hundred and forty-eight, four hundred and sixty-
four thousand dollars.
For half-pay pensions to widows and orphans,
provided for by the eleventh section of an act ap-
proved January the twenty-ninth, eighteen hun-
dred and thirteen, and the first and second sections
of an act approved the seventeenth of April, eigh-
teen hundred and sixteen, in addition to an unex-
pended balance, five thousand dollars.
Approved, July 12, 1852.
Public, XXVIII.—in Act to supjtly a Deficiency
to the Stale of Indiana, in a Township of Land
granted to said State for the use of a Stale Univer-
sity, by an act of Congress approved nineteenth of
April, eighteen hundred and sixteen.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Slates of America in Congress
assembled, That there be supplied to the State of
Indiana, for the sole and exclusive use of the State
University, an equal number of acres of land
found to be deficient in the original grant, and
which has been otherwise appropriated by Con-
gress, amounting to four thousand one hundred
and sixty-six acres; and that said lands be selected
under the direction of the Governor of the State
from any lands now in market in said State be-
longing to the United States, the proceeds of which
shall be appropriated solely to the use of said
State University, and shall never be diverted to
any other purpose whatever.
Approved, July 12, 1852.
other respects fair and regular, except as embracing
reserved land not offered at public sale, be, and the
same are hereby, confirmed, and patents thereon
which have been issued, shall be as legal and valid
as if said lands had been released from reservation,
and offered at public sale prior to such sales or
locations.
Skc. 3. And be it further enacted, That all of said
warrants which have not been satisfied, may be
located on any of the public lands subject to pri-
vate entry at the time of the location of the same.
Approved, July 12,1862.
Public, XXX.—An Act to amend an act entitled
"An act providing for the Sale of certain Lands in
the States of Ohio and Michigan, ceded by the
Wyandot Tribe of Indians, and for other pur-
poses," approved on the third day of March, eigh-
teen hundred and forty-three.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That so much of the fifth section of the
act of which this is amendatory as declares that if
in offering at public sale any tract of land ceded
by the Wyandots, under the treaty concluded
with that tribe on the seventh March, eighteen
hundred and forty-two, on which improvements
exist, the real value of the same, according to the
estimates of the superintendents, shall not be bid-
den, it shall be their duty to withdraw the tract
from sale, and the tracts thus withdrawn from sale
shall be offered at public sale, due public notice
first being given, be, and the same is hereby, re-
pealed; and all such lands shall be exposed at pub-
lic sale to the highest bidder, at such time and
place as the Commissioner of the General Land
Office may direct, subject to the minimum price
per acre of two dollars and fifty cents.
Approved, July 12, 1852.
Public, XXIX.—An Act to release from Reserva-
tion, and restore to the mass of Public Lands, cer-
tain Lands in the State of Arkansas.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the several tracts of land m the
State of Arkansas, heretofore reserved for the sat-
isfaction of military bounties under the war of
eighteen hundred twelve, and which now remain
undisposed of, be, and they are hereby, released
from such reservation, and restored to the mass
of public lands, to be disposed of in the same
manner as any other unoffered public land: Provid-
ed, That the person who may at the date of this
act be an actual settler on any one of said tracts,
and who, but for the reservation thereof, might
have claimed the right of preemption thereto, un-
der act of fourth September, eighteen hundred and
forty-one, be,and is hereby, authorized to enter the
same, or any subdivision thereof, upon making
nroof of said right, and paying the minimum
price per acre, within a year after the passage of
this act, or prior to the day fixed for the public
sale of the tract.
Sec. 2. And be it farther enacted, That all sales
of said land, or location thereof by military war-
rants, (other than those of the war of eighteen
hundred and twelve,) which have been inadvert-
ently permitted to be made, and which are in all
Public, XXXI.—An Act to enable the Legislature of
the Stale of Indiana to dispose of the unsold Saline
Lands in said State.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congi ess
assembled, That so much of the act of Congress
entitled " An act to authorize the Legislature of
the State of Indiana to sell and convey certain
lands granted to said State for the use of the people
thereof," approved July third, eighteen hundred
and thirty-two, as provides that said lands shall
not be sold for a less price than at which the pub-
lic lands are sold, be, and the same is hereby, re-
pealed.
Approved, July 12, 1852.
| Public, XXXII.—An Act in relation to a certain
Lot of Land in the town of Gnadenhutten, in the
State of Ohio.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the lot of land in the town of Gna-
denhutten, in the county of Tuscarawas, in the
. State of Ohio, heretofore reserved, under the act
| entitled " An' act providing for the disposition of
three several tracts of land in Tuscarawas county,
in the State of Ohio, and for other purposes," ap-
1 proved May twenty-sixth, one thousand eight
hundred and twenty-four, for the purpose of a
I market square, may be used for any other public
purpose, upon such terms as shall be prescribed
I by the Secretary of the Interior, m order to secure
I the rights of all parties interested therein.
! Approved, July 12, 1852.
Public, XXXII5.—An Act to supply Deficiencies in
the Appropriations for the service of the fiscal year
ending the thirtieth of Jutie, one thousand eight
hundied and fifty-two.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the following sums be, and the same
are hereby, appropriated to supply deficiencies in
the appropriations for the service of the fiscal year
ending the thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred and
fifty-two, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, namely:
For the amount required to pay reserved per-
centage under the contract for the floating dock at
Philadelphia,five thousand nine hundred and thir-
ty-three dollars and sixty-eight cents.
For the amount required to pay for dredging the
river in front of the dock basin at the Philadelphia
navy-yard, twelve thousand dollars.
For the amount required to pay outstanding lia-
bilities for labor and materials expended on dry-
dock, iron gates, pumps, engine-house, etc., at
Brooklyn, eighty-eight thousand three hundred
and six dollars and ninety-five cents.
For the amount required to pay for reservations
under the contract for engine, etc., for the dry-
dock at Brooklyn, seven thousand dollars.
For completing the floating dry-dock at San
Francisco, California, authorized by act of third
March, eighteen hundred and fifty-one, three hun-
dred and sixty thousand dollars; and said dock
may be used for the purpose of repairing merchant
ships, when not in use by the Government, in such
manner, for such compensation, and upon such
terms and conditions as shall be prescribed by the
Secretary of the Navy.
For compensation to temporary clerks in the
office of the Third Auditor of the Treasury em-
ployed in making out certificates of service from
the muster rolls of one thousand eight hundred and
twelve, and the several Indian wars, eleven thou-
sand eight hundred dollars; which sum shall be
distributed among the clerks according to the dis-
cretion of the Secretary of the Treasury: Provided,
That no salary from this fund shall exceed one
thousand dollars per annum except two, who shall
receive twelve hundred dollars per annum.
For the contingent expenses of the office of the
Third Auditor, to pay for preparing books of
transfers from the Quartermaster General's Office,
two hundred dollars.
For compensation to extra clerks employed tem-
porarily in the office of the Auditor of the Post
Office Department, four thousand dollars.
For pasting in books, prepared for the purpose,
canceled certificates of the registry and enrollments
of vessels returned by the several collectors of the
customs, five hundred dollars.
For annuities and grants, seven hundred and
fifty dollars.
For the regular supplies of the Quartermaster's
Department, consisting of forage in kind for the
horses, mules, and oxen of the Quartermaster's
Department, at the several military posts and sta-
tions, and with the armies in the field; for the
horses of the first and second regiments of dra-
goons, the companies of light artillery, the regi-
ment of mounted riflemen, and such companies of
infantry as may be mounted, and also foi the au-
thorized number of officers' horses when serving
in the field and at the outposts, seven hundred and.
ninety-five thousand dollars.
For transportation of the army, including the
baggage of the troops, when moving either by
land or water; of clothing, camp and gairison
equipage, and horse equipment, from the depots
at Philadelphia, St. Louis, and New Orleans, to
the several posts and army depots; of subsistence,
from the places of purchase, from the places of de-
livery under contract, to such places as the cir-
cumstances of the service may require it to be sent;
of ordnance, ordnance stores, and small arms,
from the foundenes and armories to the arsenals,
fortifications, frontier posts, and army depots;
freights, tolls, and ferriage; for the purchase and
hire of horses, mules, oxen, wagons, carts, drays,
ships, and other sea-going vessels and boats, for
the transportation of supplies, and for garrison
purposes; for drayage and cartage at the several
posts; hire of teamsters, transportation of funds
for the pay and other disbursing departments; the
expense of sailing public transports on the various
rivers, the Gulf of Mexico, and the Atlantic and
Pacific; and for procuring water at such posts as,
from their situation, require that it be brought
from a distance, eight hundred and ninety thou-
sand dollars.
For the purchase of horses required for the first
and second regiments of dragoons, the companies
of light artillery, the regiment of mounted riflemen,
andjsuch companies of infantry as may bemounted,
forty thousand dollars.
• For constructing, repairing, and enlarging bar-
racks, quarters, hospitals, store-houses, stables,
wharves, and ways, at the several posts and army
depots; for temporary cantonments, and the au-
thorized furniture for barrack-room of non-com-
missioned officers and soldiers, gun-houses for the
protection of cannon, including the necessary tools
and materials for the objects enumerated, and for
