VI
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
rent of quarters and offices for officers, and bar-
racks and hospitals for troops, where there are no
pulilie. buildings for their accommodation; for store-
houses for the safe-keeping of military stores, and
of grounds for summer cantonments and encamp-
ments, two hundred and nineteen thousanddollars.
For clothing, camp and garrison equipage, and
horse equipments, for engineer troops, ordnance
department, dragoons, riflemen, light artillery, ar-
tillery and infantry, seventy-five thousand dollars.
For subsistence in kind, two hundred and sev-
enty-nine thousand five hundred and seventeen
dollars.
For pay of five companies of Texas mounted
volunteers, eighty thousand seven hundred and
forty-one dollars.
For running and marking the boundary line
between the United States arid Mexico, according
to the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo, eighty thou-
sand dollars: Provided, That nothing herein con-
tained shall be so construed as to sanction a depar-
ture from the point on the P .io Grande north of the
town called Paso, designated in the said treaty.
For surveying eight hundred and seventy-five
miles of meridian base and standard lines mean-
dering and survey of irregular or river lots, &c.,
in California, at a rate not exceeding fifteen dollars
per mile, thirteen thousand one hundred and twen-
ty-five dollars.
For subdividing land m California into town-
ships, equal to nine hundred miles of survey, at a
rate not exceeding fourteen dollars per mile, twelve
thousand dollars.
For subdividing fifty townships in California
mto sections, at a rate not exceeding twelve dollars
per mile, thirty-six thousand dollars.
For surveying private claims in California, seven
thousand five hundred dollars.
For compensation of the surveyor general of
Arkansas, per act of August eighth, eighteen hun-
dred and forty-six, two thousand dollars.
For clerks in the office of the surveyor general
of Arkansas, per act of August eighth, eighteen
hundred and forty-six, six thousand three hundred
dollars.
For surveys in the mineral region of Michigan,
at a rate not exceeding six dollars per mile, twenty-
four thousand seven hundred and eighty dollars.
For completing the survey of the salable lands
in the Menomonee cession, and the survey of the
Lake Superior region, Wisconsin, at a rate not
exceeding five dollars per mile, twenty thousand
dollars.
For the completion of the township lines, and
the subdivisions of such of the townships as bear
valuable pine timber, west of the fourth principal
meridian, and between the third and fourth con-
nection parallels, at a rate not exceeding five dol-
lars per mile, thirty-three thousand dollars.
For annual repairs of the President's House,
six hundred dollars.
Forfillingupandgrading,&c., Franklin Square,
four hundred and six dollars and ninety-nine cents.
To make the roads and walks, and to plant,La-
fayette Square, two thousand dollars.
To complete the improvements on the square
south of the President's House, twelve thousand
dollars: Provided, That the grounds can be filled
up and the suiface completed for the sum herein
appropriated, and a contract for the completion of
the work, with good security, be tendered awl ac-
cepted at a sum not exceeding this amount.
To supply the deficiency in the appropriation
for the casual repairs of the Capitol, one thousand
five hundred dollars.
For completing the improvements of New Jer-
sey avenue, north of the Capitol, nine tno "ond
dollars.
For planting and finishing the roads and walks
through that portion of the public mall suriound-
ing the Smithsonian Institution, seven thousand
dollars.
For payment to Augustus Humbert of balance
of his salary as United States assayer of gold in
California, under the act of thirtieth of September,
eighteen hundred and fifty, twelve hundred and
fifty dollars.
For compensation of extra clerks employed in
the office of the Commissioner of Pensions, twenty
thousand dollars: Provided, That no clerk shall
receive more than at the rate of one thousand dol-
lars per annum, except two, whose salary shall
not exceed twelve hundred dollars per annum, un-
der this act
For expenses of establishing the Superinten-
dency of Indian Affairs in California, authorized
by the act of third March, eighteen hundred and
fif'ty-two, viz:
For salary of Superintendent, one thousand
three hundred asd eighteen dollars, and sixty-
eight cents.
For presents and provisions for Indians visiting
Superintendent on official business, one thousand
dollars.
For traveling expenses of the Superintendent
and the necessary attendants, two thousand five
hundred dollars.
For payment to the American party of St. Regis
Indians, (less the sum of one thousand dollars
appropriated by the act of twenty-seventh of June,
eighteen hundred and forty-six, in pursuance of
the stipulation contained in the supplemental arti-
cle,) as a remuneration for moneys laid out by
said tribe, and for services rendered by their chiefs
and agents, in securing the title to the Green Bay
lands, and in removal to the same, agreeably to
the provisions of the ninth article of the treaty
with the Six Nations of New York, of fifteenth of
January, eighteen hundred and thirty-eight, four
thousand dollars.
For payment to the Seneca Indians of New
York, for moneys wrongfully withholden from
them by an agent appointed by the Government
for the management of their affairs, as per report
of Thomas B. Stoddard, commissioner selected by
the Secretary of War to make the lequisite inves-
tigation pursuant to the direction contained in the
fourth section of the act of twenty-seventh June,
eighteen hundred and forty-six, making appro-
priations for the Indian Department, twenty-eight
thousand five hundred and five dollars and fifty
cents: Provided, That the Secretary of the Interior
is hereby required, upon payment of the money
herein specified, to take such further steps, if any
may be necessary, as shall enable the United States
to recover the amount due from said agent.
For the reappropriation of the following sums
carried to the surplus fund per warrants numbered
twelve and thirteen, and dated respectively, thir-
tieth of June, eighteen hundred and forty-six, and
thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred and forty-eight,
under the following heads, viz:
" For carrying into effect Choctaw treaty," act
eleventh of June, eighteen hundred and forty-two,
ninety-five dollars and eighty-three cents.
"For carrying into effect Choctaw treaty, on
account of lands relinquished," act second of
March, eighteen hundred and thirty-one, eight
hundred and twentv-six dollars and twenty-six
cents.
"For payment to Pottawatomies for corn crop
abandoned,"act third of March, eighteen hundred
and thirty-nine,seven hundred and forty-two dol-
lars and fifty cents.
" For payment to Pottawatomies for twelve log
houses destroyed," act third of March, eighteen
hundred and thirty-nine, six hundred dollars.
For interest on the amounts awarded Choctaw
claimants, under the fourteenth article of the treaty
of Dancing Rabbit Creek, of twenty-seventh of
September, eighteen hundred and thirty, for lands
on which they resided, but which it is impossible
to give them, and in lieu of the scrip that has been
awarded under the act of twenty-third of August,
eighteen hundred and forty-two, not deliverable
east, by the third section of said Jaw, per act of
third March, eighteen hundred and forty-five, for
the half year ending thirtieth June, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-two, twenty-one thousand eight
hundred dollars: Provided, Thatafterthe thirtieth
day of June, eighteen hundred and fifty-two, all
payments of interest on said awards shall cease,
and that the Secretary of the Intel ior be, and he is
hereby directed to pay said claimants the amount
of principal awarded in each case respectively, and
that the amount necessary for this purpose be, and
the same is hereby, appropriated, not exceeding
eight hundred and seventy-two thousand dollars:
Provided further, That the final payment and sat-
isfaction of said awards shall be first ratified and
approved as a final release of all claims of such
parties, under the fourteenth article of said treaty,
by the proper national authority of the Choctaws,
in such form as shall be prescribed by the Secre-
tary of the Interior.
For the purchase of presents, and to negotiate
under instructions from the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, with the Indians in Texas who have intruded
themselves into that State from the territories of
the United States, for their removal from that State,
twenty-five thousand dollars.
For continuing the collection and for publishing
the statistics and other information authorized by
the act of third of March, eighteen hundred and
forty-seven, and subsequent acts, seventeen thou-
sand dollars: Provided, That the work shall be
completed in five volumes, and that at least one
volume shall be published in each year until the
whole series of five volumes shall be finished.
For arrearages in the cost of the preparation of
the volume, for the year eighteen hundred and
fifty-one, of statistics and other information au-
thorized by the act of third of March, eighteen
hundred and forty-seven, and subsequent acts,five
thousand three hundred dollars.
For printing, binding, etc., six hundred copies
of the first volume of the foregoing work, for dis-
tribution among new members, six thousand five
hundred and seventy-five dollars.
For this sum, to enable the Secretary of the In-
terior to satisfy the claims of the Creek Indians
for mills stipulated to be furnished under the fifth
article of the treaty of the fourteenth of February,
eighteen hundred and thirty-three, four thousand
dollars.
For expenses of removal and subsistence of Pot-
tawatomies of Indiana, ($22,500,) twenty-two
thousand five hundred dollars.
For expenses of removal and subsistence of
Choctaws, ($50,000,) fifty thousand dollars.
For expenses of removal and subsistence of
Winnebagoes, three thousand five hundred and
thirteen dollars and two cents.
For this sum to cover arrearages for and on ac-
count of contingencies of the Indian Department,
twenty-two thousand five hundred dollais.
i. For indemnity for losses sustained by the Me-
|; nomonee Indians in the delivery of goods to them,
j; as a part of their annuity, in the year eighteen
ji hundred and thirty-seven, per seventh at tide of
lj the tieaty with that tribe of the eighteenth of Oc-
|i tober, eighteen hundred and forty-eight, three
, thousand six hundred and twenty-four dollars and
11 forty-eight cents.
j; For payment for services of blacksmith and for
!j the use of tools for the Seneca tribes of Indians,
1; from the first of July to eighth of November,
!j eighteen hundred and thirty-eight, two hundred
ji and thirteen dollars and thirty-three cents.
i! For clerk hire, office rent, fuel, stationery, &c.,
!. for the Superintendent of Indian Affairs in Oregon,
! two thousand four hundred dollars.
jj For expenses of continuing negotiations with
|j the Indian tribes of Oregon lying west of the Cas-
' cade Mountains, twelve thousand dollars.
For the completion of buildings for the use of
the Superintendent and Indian Agents in Oregon,
three thousand dollais.
For traveling expenses of Superintendent of In-
dian Affairs in Oregon, and agents, two thousand
, dollars.
; For the reappropriation of this sum, (carried to
1 the surplus fund per warrant number thirteen,
dated thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred and
forty-six,) being the balance due the Ottawa and
I Chippewa Indians, under the fifth article of the
; treaty of eighteen hundred and thirty-six, for pay-
ment of their debts, appropriated second of July,
eighteen hundred and thirty-six, and reappropri-
j ated second of March, eighteen hundred and thirty-
; nine, six hundred and twenty-four dollars and
j twenty-two cents.
For the purchase of two sections of land re-
served by the treaty with the Pottawatomies of
October twentieth, eighteen hundred and thirty-
two, for "Shobonier," one thousand six hundred
dollars: Provided, That said sum shall not be paid
until all the rights of "Shobonier," or his heirs,
to said land shall be relinquished to the United
States.
For the redemption of outstanding loan-office
and final-settlement certificate, dated September
ninth, seventeen hundred and seventy-nine, coun-
tersigned by Nathaniel Appleton, Commissioner
of Massachusetts Bay, issued for two hundred "*
dollars, specie value, ten dollars and sixty-eight
ninetieths, fifty-seven dollars and seventy-two
cents,
For the contingent expenses of the Legislative
Assembly of the Territory of Minnesota, viz:
For printing and publishing the Revised Stat-
utes, making an index thereto, and superintending
