728
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 12,
The letter was read accordingly. It states that
there is no precedent on the files of the Depart-
ment to determine the reasonableness of Mr.
Howard 'selaim; and that the compensation usually
allowed to bearers of dispatches to and from coun-
tries, is $6 dollars per day, and all other necessary
traveling expenses.
Mr. BAYARD. Unless there is some report
in relation to the circumstances of this case, 1
would prefer that it should lie over. The com-
pensation of a bearer of dispatches, I believe, is a
matter of useless patronage. I do not think it is
always paid. I have certainly known cases where
the office of bearer of dispatches was a mere nom-
inal one; and surely it is an almost entirely useless
one. I move to postpone the further consideration
of the bill until Friday next.
The motion was agreed to.
"WILLIAMS, STAPLES, & "WILLIAMS.
The Senate proceeded to consider, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, the bill from the House of
Representatives for the relief of Williams, Staples,
& Williams. It authorizes and directs the proper
accounting officers of the Treasury to pay to Wil-
liams, Staples, & Williams, of the city of Nor-
folk, in the State of Virginia, a sum not exceed-
iag §1,156 50, being the amount of duties paid by
them on one hundred and twenty-one hogsheads
of sugars which were destroyed by fire while in
the public store, at the ci*y of Norfolk, on the 14th
of June, 1848; which sugars were imported by
them into the port of Norfolk on or about the 6th
of June, 1848.
The bill* was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be read a third time, and
was read a thiid time and passed.
JAMES FERGUSON.
The Senate proceeded to consider, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, the bill from the House of
Representatives for the relief of James Ferguson,
surviving partner of the firm of Ferguson & Mil- j
hado. Jt authorizes and directs the Secietary of i
the Treasury to pay to James Ferguson, surviv- j
ing partner of the late firm of Ferguson & Milha- |
do, of the city of Norfolk, Virginia, a sum not !
exceeding §735 60, being the amount alleged to !
have been paid by them in discharge of their bond '
given to the United States, dated May 22, 1848,
for duties on one hundred and forty-two hogs-
heads of molasses which were destroyed by tire
in the public store on the 14th day of June, 1848.
It was reported to the Senate without amend-
ment, ordered to be read a third time, and, being
read the third time, was passed.
WILLIAM WOODBRIBGE HENRY CHIPMAN.
The hill to provide compensation to William
Woodbndge and Henry Chipman, for adjusting
titles to lands in Michigan,and for other purposes,
was lead a second time,and the Senate proceeded
to consider it as in Committee of the Whole. It
-authorizes and directs the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to pay to William Woodbridge and Henry
Chipman, late judges of the United States for the
Territory of Michigan, at the rate of $500 each
per annum, for services m ascertaining, adjusting,
and settling claims to land, and performing other
duties, in conformity with the acts of April 21,
1826, and May 28, 1830.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time.
SARAH FLINN".
The bill for the relief of Sarah Flinn was read
the second time, and the Senate proceeded to con-
sider it as in Committee of the Whole. It author-
izes and directs the proper accounting officers of
the Treasury to pay to Sarah Flinn $80, for sup-
plies furnished by her to Captain William Rowell's
company of Florida Mounted Militia, while in the
service of the United States, on the 24th day of
March, 1839.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time.
MAISON ROUGE GRANT.
On the motion of Mr. DOWNS, the Senate
proceeded, as in Committee of the Whole, to con-
sider the bill to grant the light of preemption to
settlers on the public land known as the Maison
Rouge Grant. It provides that every person,
being the head of a family, or widow,'or single
man, over the age of twenty-one years, who,
prior to January 27th, 1851, was an actual set-
tler on the public land known as the Maison
Rouge Grant, in the State of Louisiana, arid re-
sided thereon on that day, or the heirs and legal
representatives of such person, shall be entitled to
enter land at the proper land office, in legal sub-
divisions, not exceeding one hundred and sixty
acres (to include the residence and improvements
of the settler) at the minimum price of such lands,
on the same terms and conditions and under the
same limitations as are prescribed in the act " to
' grant the right of preemption to certain purcha-
' sers and settlers on the Maison Rouge Grant, in
' the event of the final adjudication of the title in
' favor of the United States," approved January
27th, 1851.
Mr. DOWNS, I have an amendment which I
wish to offer. It is to add, at the end of the bill,
these words:
And that the provisions of the third section of said act
be, arid the >arae are hereby, extended to the settlers on the
l?a>trop Grant, in the same land district as the Maiaon
Rouge Grant.
These two grants are exactly similarly situated.
Preemption rights have been extended to settlers
on the Bastrop Grant, and I want now to extend
to them the provisions of the 3d section of the act
of 27th January, 1851, which describes the man-
ner of proceeding when there are two or more set-
tlers on the same quarter section. That provis-
ion of the act of 1851 is in these words:
16 That if the residences and improvements of two or
more person?, entitled to preemption as aforesaid, shall be
iound on any one of the smallest legal subdivisions of the
public lands, the feame may be entered jointly by the par-
ties, in order that they may s eeuic and divide the same, ac-
cording to their several lights: and in default of one or
more ofthe paities taking the proper steps within the time
prescribed to secure the benefit ot this act, it shall be lawful
lor any one of the parties ol this class to make thr entry of
the whole of such legal s.ubdivjMon for his &oIe benefit."
Mr. FELCH. I would like to inquire from
what committee this bill comes?
The PRESIDENT. It was introduced by
unanimous consent by the Senator from Louisi-
ana, [Mr. Downs,] and is now reported from the
Committee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. DOWNS. I will give a word of explana-
tion of the merits of this bill. At the last Congress
a bill was passed giving the right of preemption to
the purchasers and settlers who had purclfeaed
from the former claimants on the Maison Rouge
G^fint. It was intended to apply to those who had
settled merely, as well as to those who had pur-
chased of the original claimants. But the Land
Office had construed that law so as to exclude that
portion of settlers who had no written title from
the former claimant. I understood, at the time
that bill was passed, that by its operation, as soon
as the grant should be declared to be public land,
the rights of preemption would accrue to all set-
tlers; but the Land Office decided otherwise. There
is a provision in the act of 1841 that preemptions
shall not accrue to any reserved lands; and there-
fore, though many of those persons have lived on
this land for a number of years, the Land Office
has decided that their settlement amounts to noth-
ing, because this grant was construed to be re-
served land. This bill now is to place them upon
precisely the same footingas those who purchased
from the original claimants, and therefore obtained
preemption rights. This is merely to grant what
was intended by the act as it originally passed,
but was not embraced in it from a misconstruction,
as I conceive, of the law.
Mr. BAYARD. I would ask the Senator from
Louisiana, whether the amendment he has pro-
posed does not extend the right of preemption to
settlers on public land other than that known as
the Maison Rouge Grant.
Mr. DOWNS. To settlers on another grant
similaily situated.
Mr. BAYARD. The proposition contained in
the amendment has not been referred to any com-
mittee, and of course not reported upon. It ex-
tends to other lands than those mentioned in the
original bill.*
Mr. DOWNS. It contains precisely the same
principle.
Mr. BAYARD. But it is really a new subject,
which has never gone to a committee, and has
never been reported upon.
Mr. DOWNS. There are two Spanish grants
in the same neighborhood, of the same date—the
Bastrop, and Maison Rouge Grant. The bill
specifically applies to the Maison Rouge Grant,
The amendment is to extend to the Bastrop Grant
a provision which prevails among settlers on the
Maison Rouge Grant. It does not affect the United
States at all. Its object is to enable parties to
settle controversies, to enable them to divide legal
subdivisions of land to which they may become
entitled. There is no necessity to send it to a
separate committee, because it involves exactly
the same principle.
Mr. FELCH. I wish to inquire further of the
Senator who reported this bill, whether the pre-
emption rights granted by it are precisely the same
as those granted under the general law relative to
preemption rights; whether the same oath is re-
quired of persons who claim them, and the same
proofs and testimony to be introduced before the
proper officer, in order to enable them to avail
themselves of the benefit of the law?
- Mr. DOWNS. As I understand it, the same
provisions are required. This is only to extend
to those settlers without title, the same privilege
which was conferred upon others by the act passed
at the last session of Congress. I have made the
motion to embrace this provision of the bill, be-
cause I thought, by the operation of the law and
the construction which has been placed on it by
the land office, a certain class of persons had been
excluded, to whom nobody objects, to whom the
land office does not object, and who are every-
where supposed to have a perfect right to this pre-
emption. It is simply to supply an omission of
the law passed at the last session.
The amendment was agreed to; the bill was re-
ported to the Senate as amended, the amendment
was concurred in, and the bill was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time.
DAVID OSBORN.
The bill for the relief of David Osborn was
read a second time, and the Senate proceeded to
consider it as in Committee of the Whole. It
authorizes and directs the accounting officers of
the Treasury to pay to David Osborne $220 40, for
supplies furnished by him to Captain William
Rowell's company of Florida mounted militia,
while in the service of the United States, on the
17th of April, 1839.
It was reported to the Senate without amend-
ment, and ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading. „
THOMAS D. JENNINGS.
The bill for the relief of Thomas D. Jennings
was read a second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It authorizes Thomas D.
Jennings, of Florida, to enter, at the lyinimum
price of public lands, a quantity of land not ex-
ceeding one hundred and sixty acres, embracing
the improvement on which his late father, Law-
rence D. Jennings, resided before his death, on
due proof being presented to the register of the
proper land office*, that he would have been entitled
to a preemption, but for the removal of the family
after the death of the father.
It was reported to the Senate without amend-
ment, and ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading.
JOHN McREYNOLDS.
The bill for the relief of John McReynolds, of
Detroit, in the State of Michigan, was read a sec-
ond time, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It directs the payment of $1,036 8G to
John McReynolds, of Detroit, Michigan, for ex-
penses incurred by him in the commencement of
the erection of a light-house on Beaver Island,
after which he was directed to erect said light-
house in another place.
It was reported without amendment, and order-
ed to be engrossed and read a third time.
SAMUEL BRAY.
The bill for the relief of Samuel Bray was read
a second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole. It authorifces the Secretary of the
Treasury to pay to Samuel Bray, keeper of the
Dog Island light-house, such amount, not exceed-
ing §500, as may, upon satisfactory proof exhib-
ited and produced by Samuel Bray, cover the
Josses by him suffered, while keeper of said light-
house, during the gale of 23d and 24l1x of August,
1851.
It was reported without amendment,and order-
ed to be engrossed and read a third time.
