1642
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 30,
power to add anything to the interest of this occa-
sion. And yet, representing as I do in part that
State which gave birth to the distinguished man
whose death has this day been announced on this
floor, and having for many years held towards
him the most cordial relations of friendship, per-
sonal and political, I fee! that I should fail to dis-
charge an appropriate duty, if I permitted this
occasion to pass by, without some expression of
the feeling which such an event is so well calcu-
lated to ^licit. It is true, sir, that this intelligence
does not fall upon our ears unexpectedly; for
months the public mind has been prepared for the
great national loss which we now deplore; and yet,
as familiar as the daily and hourly reports have
made us with his hopeless condition, and gradual
decline, and although
e£ Like a shadow thiown
Softly and sweetly from a passing cloud,
Death foil upon him,"
it is impossible that a light of such surpassing
splendor should be, as it is now, forever extin-
guished from our view, without producing a shock,
deeply and painfully felt to the utmost limits of
this great Republic. Sir, we all feel thata mighty
intellect has passed from amongst us; but, happily
for this country, happily for mankind, not until it
had accomplished to some extent the exalted mis-
sion for which it had been sent upon this earth—
not until it had reached the full maturity of its
usefulness and power—not until it had shed a
bright and radiant luster over our national renown
—not until time had enabled it to bequeath the
rich treasures of its thought and experience for the
guidance and instruction of the present, and of
succeeding generations.
Sir, it is difficult—it is impossible—within the
limit allowed for remarks upon occasions of this
kind, to do justice to a great historical character
like Henry Clay. He was one of that class of
men whom Scaliger designates as kotnines cente-
tiarii—men that appear upon the earth but once
in a century. His fame is the growth of years,
and it would require time to unfold the elements
which have combined to impart to it so much of
stability and grandeur. Volumes have already
been written, and volumes will continue to be
written, to record those eminent and distinguished
public services which have placed him in the front
rank of American statesmen and patriots. The
highest talent, fired by a fervid and patriotic en-
thusiasm, has already and will continue to ex-
haust its powers, to portray those striking and
generous incidents of his life, those shining and
captivating qualities of his heait, which have
made him one of the most beloved, as he was one
of the most admired of men; and yet the subjcct
itself will remain as fresh and exhaustless as if
hundreds of the best intellects of the land had not
quaffed the inspiration of their genius from the
evergushing and over/lowing fountains of lus
fame. It is impossible that a reputation so grand
and colossal as that which attaches to the name of
Henry Clay, could rest for its base upon any
single virtue, however striking, nor upon any sin-
gle act, no matter how marked or distinguished.
Such a reputation as he has left behind him could
only be the result of a long life of illustrious pub-
lic service. And such it truly was. For nearly
half a century he has been a prominent actor in all
the stirring and eventful scenes of American his-
tory; fashioning and moulding many of the most
important measures of public policy by his bold
and sagacious mind, and arresting others by his
unconquerable energy and resistless force of elo-
quence. And however much the members of this
body may differ in opinion as to the wisdom of
many of his vien of national domestic policy,
there is not one upon this floor—no, sir, not one
in this nation—who will deny to him frankness
and directness as a public mnn—a genius for states-
manship of the highest order—extraordinary ca-
parities for public usefulness, and an ardent and I
elevated patriotism, without stain and without re-
proach.
In referring to a career of public service so va-
ried and extended as (hat of Mr. Clay, and to a
character so rirh in every great and manly virtue,
it is only possible to glance at a few of the most
prominent of those pomfs of his personal history
which have otfven to him so distinguished a place
in the affections of his counM vmen.
In the whole character of Mr. Clay, in all that
attached or belonged to it, you find nothing that
is not essentially American. Born in the dark-
est period of our revolutionary struggle—reared
from infancy to manhood amongst those great
minds which gave the first impulse to that mighty
movement, he early imbibed and sedulously
cherished those great principles of civil and polit-
ical liberty, which he so brilliantly illustrated
in his subsequent public career,.and which has
made his name a watchword of hope and conso-
lation to the oppressed of all the earth. In his
intellectual training he was the pure creation of
our own republican soil. Few, if any allusions
are to be seen in his speeches or writings to an-
cient or modern literature, or to the thoughts and
ideas of other men. His country—Us institutions
—its policy—its interests—its destiny form the
exclusive topics of these eloquent harangues which,
whilst they are destitute of the elaborate finish,
have all the ardor and intensity of thought—the
earnestness of purpose, the cogency of reasoning,
the vehemence of style, and the burning patriot-
ism which mark the productions of the great
Athenian orator. -
One of the most distinguishing characteristics of
Mr. Clay as a public man, was hisloyalty to truth
and to the honest convictions of his own mind.
He deceived no man—he would not permit his
own heart to be deceived by any of those seductive
influences which too often warp the judgment of
men in public life. He never paused to consider
how far any step which he was about to take
would lead to his own personal advancement; lie
never calculated what he might Jose or what he
might gain by his advocacy of, or his opposition
to, any particular measure. His single inquiry
was, Is itright? Isitin accordance with the Con-
stitution of the land? Will it redound to the per-
manent welfare and interest of the country ? When
satisfied upon these points, his determination was
fixed—his purpose was immovable. " 1 would
rather be right than President," was the expres-
sion of his genuine feelings; and the principle by
which he was controlled in his public career—a
saying worthy of inirnoi lality, and proper to be
inscribed upon the heart of every young man in
this Republic. And yet, sir, with all of that per-
sonal and moral intrepidity which so eminently
marked the chaiacterof Mr. Clay—with his well-
known inflexibility of purpose, and unyielding
detei mination—such was the genuine sincerity of
his patriotism, and such his thorough compre-
hension of those principles of compromise upon
winch the whole structure of our Government was
founded, that no one was more prompt to relax
the rigor of his policy the moment he perceived
that it was calculated to disturb the harmony of
the States, or endanger in any degree, the stability
of the Government. With him, the love of this
Union was a passion—an absorbing sentiment
which gave color to every act of his public life.
It triumphed over party; it triumphed over policy;
it subdued the natural fierceness and haughtiness
of his temper and biought him into the most kindly !
and cordial relations with all those who, upon all '
other questions were deeply and bitterly opposed to ;
him. It has been asserted, sir, upon high medical !
authority,and doubtless with truth, thathis life was, j
m all probability, shortened ten years by the ar- i
duous and extraordinary labors which he assumed
at the memorable session of 1850. If so, he has
added the crowning glory of the martyr to the
spotless fame of the patriot: and we may well
hope that a'great national pacification, purchased
at such a sacrifice, will long continue to cement
the bonds of this great and glorious Union.
Mr. Clay possessed, in an eminent degree, the
qualities of a great popular leader, and history, I
will assume to say, affords no example, in any
Republic, ancient or modern, of any individual
that so fearlessly carried out the convictions of
his own judgment, and so sparingly flattered the
prejudices of popular feeling, who for so long a
period, exercised the same controlling influence
over the public mind. Earnest in whatever meas-
ure he sustained—fearless in attack—dexterous in
defense—abounding in intellectual resource—elo-
quent in debate—of inflexible purpose, and with
a ,s courage never to submit or yield," no man
ever lived with higher qualifications to rally a
desponding party, or to lead an embattled host to
victory. That hene#er attained the highest post
of honorable ambition in this country, is not to
be ascribed to any want of capacity as a popular
leader; nor the absence of those qualities which
attract the fidelity and devotion of " troops" of
admiring friends. It was the fortune of Napo-
leon, at a critical period of his destiny, to be
brought into,collision with the star of Wellington,
and it was the fortune of Henry Clay to have
encountered, m his political orbit, another great
and original mind, gifted with equal power for
commanding success, and blessed with moie for-
tunate elements, concurring at the time, of secur-
ing popular favor. The struggle was such as might
have been anticipated from the collision of two
such fierce and powerful rivals.
For near a quarter of a century, this great Re-
public has been convulsed to its center by the di-
visions which have sprung from their respective
opinions, policy, and personal destinies; and even
now, when they have both been removed to a
higher and better sphere of existence, and every
unkind feeling has been quenched in the triumphs
of the grave, this country still feels, and for years
will continue to feel, the influence of these agita-
tions to which their powerful and impressive
I characters gave impulse.
But I must pause. If I were to attempt to pre-
sent all the aspects in which the character of this
illustrious man will challenge the applause of his-
tory, I should fatigue the House and violate the
just limit allowed for such remarks.
! I cannot conclude, however, without making
| some more special allusion to Mr. Clay, as a na-
j tive of that State which I have the honor in part
to represent upon this floor. We are all proud,
I and very properly proud of the distinguished men
! to which our respective States have given birth.
} It is a just and laudable emulation, and one in a
i confederated government like ours, proper to be
| encouraged. And whilst men like Mr. Clay
I very rapidly rise above the confined limits of a
].State reputation and acquire a national fame, in
' which all claim and all havean equal interest,still
j there is a propriety and fitness in preserving the
I relation between the individual and his State.
Virginia has given birth to a large number of men
; who have by their distinguished talents and ser-
vices impressed their names upon the hearts and
I memories of their countrymen; but, certainly,
since the colonial era she has given birth to no
! man who in the massive and gigantic proportions
of his character, and in the splendor of his native
■ endowments, can be compared to Henry Clay.
At an early age he emigrated from his native State,
, and found a home in Kentucky. In a speech
| which he delivered in the Senate of the United
i States in February, 1842, and which 1 well i e-
; member, upon the occasion of his resigning his
| seat in that body, he expressed the wish"that
; when that event should occur, which has now
! clothed the city in mourning, and filled the nation
] with grief, "that his earthly remains should be
; laid under the green sod of Kentucky, with those
, of her gallantand patriotic sons."
I Sir, however gratifying; it might be to us that
those remains should be transferred to his native
■ soil, and there mingle with the ashes of Washing-
| ton, Jefferson, Madison, Lee, and Henry, we can-
1 not complain of the very natural preference which
he has there himself expressed. If Virginia did
: eive him birth, Kentucky has nourished him in
j liis manhood—has freely lavished upon him her
; highest honors—has shielded him from harm
j when the clouds of calumny and detraction g;ath-
! ered heavily and loweringly about him, and she
; has watched over his fameVith the tenderness and
j zeal of a mother. Sir, it is not to be wondered that
i he should have expressed the wish which he did,
| to be laid by the, side of her a-allant and patriotic
, sons. Happy Kentucky i Happy in having: an
| adopted son so worthy of her best honors. Hap-
:py_in the unshaken fidelity and loyalty with
i which, for near half a century, those honors have
been so steadfastly and gracefully accorded to
him.
Sir, whilst Virginia,in the exercise of her own
just judgment, has differed from Mr. Clay in
some of his views of national policy, she has
never at any period of his public career, failed to
regard him with pride as one of her most distin-
guished sons; to honor the purity and the manli-
ness of his character, and to award to him the hisdi
credit of an honest and sincere devotion to his
country's welfare. And now, sir, that death has
extinguished forever the workings of that mighty
intellect, and sealed in eternal silence those elo-
quent lips upon whose accents thousands have so
