THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
IX
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the Presi-
dent is hereby authorized to designate the sites at
which each of the several offices shall be estab-
lished, and to remove the same to any other places
within said districts respectively, whenever, in his
opinion, it may be deemed expedient.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That any loca-
tion or sale of lands lying in either of the districts
hereby created, made by the land officers at Du-
buque, Iowa City, or Fairfield, after the passage
of this act, and prior to the receipt by them of in-
structions from the Commissioner of the General
Land Office under this act, shall be as good and
valid in law as if this act had not been passed.
Approved, August 2, 1852.
Public, XXXIX.—An Act to protect actual settlers
upon the land on the line of the Central Railroad
and branches bijgranting Preemption rights thereto.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That each and every person now an ac-
tual settler and occupant, and who, on the twentieth
day of September, in the year of our Lord one
thousand eight hundred and fifty, had made such
an actual settlement and improvement as would
have entitled him to a right of preemption under
the act of September fourth, eighteen hundred and
forty-one, but for his failure to give the requisite
notice under that law, or to file proof within due
time, on any tract of Jand now owned by the Uni-
ted States, and situated within the limits reserved
from sale by order of the Government, because of
the grant of alternate sections to the States of Illi-
nois, Mississippi, and Alabama, in aid of the con-
struction of the Chicago and Mobile railroad and
branches, by virtue of an act of Congress approved
September twentieth, eighteen hundred and fifty,
entitled "An act granting the right of way and
making a grant of land to the States of Illinois,
Mississippi, and Alabama, in aid of the construc-
tion of a railroad from Chicago to Mobile," shall
have the right to purchase, at the price established
by law in regulating the sales of said lands, a
quantity of the tract so settled on and improved,
not less than forty nor more than one hundred and
sixty acres, in legal subdivisions, on which said
improvements may be situated: Provided, That
any person claiming the right to purchase under
this act shall, before the actual offering of the tract
at public sale, file with the register of the proper
land office a notice describing the land by its num-
bers, and make the necessary proof, affidavit, and
payment for the land, within twelve months from
the date of this act: And provided further, That the
right of way upon and across any tract of land
claimed under the provisions of this act, not ex-
ceeding two hundred feet in width, shall be reserved
and retained for the said railroad and branches,
as the same may be located and constructed.
Approved, August 2, 1852.
Public, XL.—An Act to amend an act entitled " An
act to incorporate the Washington Gaslight Com-
pany," approved July eighth, eighteen hundred
and forty-eight.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the act entitled 44 An act to incor-
porate the Washington Gaslight Company, ap-
proved July eighth, eighteen hundred and forty-
eight, be, and the same is hereby, amended by
inserting in the second section, immediately before
theword " fifty," the words " three hundred and;"
and in the seventh section, wherever the word
" Washington" occurs, by inserting immediately
thereafter the words and Georgetown.
Approved, Augusts, 1852.
Public, XLI.—An Act to grant the Right of Way to
all Rail and Plank Roads and Macadamized Turn-
pikes passing through the Public Lands belonging
to the United States.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the right of way shall be, and is
hereby, granted to all rail and plank road or macad-
amized turnpike companies that are now or that
may be chartered within ten years hereafter, over
and through any of the public lands of the United
States, over which any rail or plank road or mac-
adamized turnpikes are or may be authorized by
an act of the Legislature of the respective States
in which public lands may be situated; and the
said company or companies are hereby authorized
to survey and mark through the said public lands,
to be held by them for the track of said road, one
hundred feet in width: Provided, That in case
where deep excavation or heavy embankment is
required for the grade of such road, then at such
places a greater width may be taken by such com-
pany, if necessary, not exceeding in the whole,
two hundred feet.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the said
company or companies shall have the right to take
from the public lands, in the vicinity of said road
or roads, all such materials of earth, stone, or
wood, as may be necessary or convenient from
time to time, for the first construction of said road
or roads, or any part thereof, through said land.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That there
shall be, and is hereby, granted to said company
or companies, all necessary sites for watering-
places, depots, and workshops along the line of
said road or roads, so far as the places covenient
for the same may fall upon the public lands: Pro-
vided, That no one depot or watering-place shall
contain over one square acre, and that said sites
shall not be nearer to each other than ten miles
along the line or lines of said road or roads: Pro-
vided further, That the said grants herein contained,
as well of the use of the public lands, as of the
materials for the construction of said road or roads,
shall cease and determine, unless the road or
roads be begun within ten years from and after
thepassageof this act,and completed within fifteen
years thereafter: And provided^ moreover, That if
any road, at any time after its completion, be dis-
continued or abandoned by said company or com-
panies, the grants hereby made shall cease and
determine, and said lands hereby granted revert
back to the General Government: Provided further,
That when a location for either of said railroads,
or plank-roads, macademized turnpikes, or sites
for depots on the line of such road or roads, shall
be selected, the proper officers of such road or
roads shall transmit to the Commissioner of the
General Land Office a correct plat of the survey
of said road or roads, together with the survey of
sites for depots before such selection shall become
operative: Provided further, That none of the fore-
] going provisions of this act shall apply to, or
' authorize, any rights in any lands of the United
Statesotherthan such as are held for private entry
and sale, and such as are unsurveyed and not
held for public use by erection or improvements
thereon.
Sec. 4. Andbe it further enacted, That the right
of way through the public lands of the United
States lying in Black Rock, in the county of Erie,
I and State of New York, be, and the same is
! hereby, granted to the Lockport and Buffalo Rail-
' road Company: Provided, That in the opinion of
the President of the United States such grant be
not injurious to the public interest, and that the
location shall be approved by the President as to
the position and width of the said railroad: And
provided further, That if the said railroad shall not
be completed within two years, or if at any time
after its completion, the said railroad be discon-
tinued or abandoned, the grant shall cease and
determine.
Approved, August 4, 1852.
Public, XLII.—.finAct making Appropriations for
the support of the Military Academy for the year
ending the thirtieth of June, one thousand eight
hundred and fifty-three, and for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the following sums be, and the
same are hereby, appropriated, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for
the support of the Military Academy for the year
! ending the thirtieth of June, one thousand eight
hundred and fifty-three:
For pay of officers, instructors, cadets, and mu-
sicians, eighty thousand four hundred and nine
dollars.
For commutation of subsistence, two thousand
two hundred and sixty-three dollars.
For forage for officers' horses, seven hundred
and sixty-eight dollars.
For clothing forofficers'servants, thirty dollars.
For repairs, fuel, and apparatus therefor, forage
for public horses and oxen, postage, stationery,
printing, and other incidental and contingent ex-
penses, twenty-five thousand dollars.
For increase and repairs of the library, one
thousand dollars.
For improvement and additions to officers' quar-
ters, three thousand dollars.
For additional pay to thelithographer and press-
man employed in the lithographic office, fifty dol-
lars each, one hundred dollars.
For expenses of the board of visitors, three thou-
sand dollars.
For purchase of new equatorial telescope,being
the difference in value between the defective one
now in use and a new one, five thousand dollars.
For purchase of thirty artillery and cavalry
horses, three thousand dollars.
For forage for ninety artillery and cavalry horses,
six thousand four hundred and eighty dollars.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That hereafter
the assistant professors of French and drawing
shall receive the pay and emoluments allowed to
other assistant professors.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That to rectify
a mistake which was made in the enrollment of
the bill entitled " An act to supply deficiencies in
the appropriations for the service of the fiscal year
ending the thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred and
fifty-two," by omitting a clause appropriating for
per diem compensation and mileage of Senators,
members of the House of Representatives, and
Delegates, and agreed toby the Senate and House
of Representatives, the sum of fifty thousand dol-
lars is hereby appropriated for that object, out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated.
Approved, August 6, 1852.
Public, XLIIl.—An Act to amend an aet entitled
li An act to Settle and Adjust the Expenses of the
People of Oregon in defending themselves from
Attacks and Hostilities of Cayuse Indians, in the
years eighteen hundred and forty-seven and eighteen
hundred and forty-eightapproved February four-
teenth, eighteen hundred and fifty-one.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury
pay out of the money appropriated by the act to
which this is an amendment, approved February
fourteenth, eighteen hundred and fifty-one, the
amount found due to the persons named in the re-
port of Aaron E. Wait, commissioner to ascertain
the necessary expenses incurred by said inhabit-
ants, as the same was communicated to Congress
by the Legislature of Oregon, at the second session
of the Thirty-first Congress.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That when a
person shall have died, the amount shall be paid
to his legal representatives, on the production of
authenticated copies of the appointment: Provided,
That if such deceased person shall not have been
a resident of the Territory at the time of his death,
and shall have left a widow in any one of the
States of the Union, the amount due such decedent
shall be paid to such widow; and if there be no
widow surviving him, and there be infant children,
then the amount shall be paid the guardian of such
infant children; and if there be no widow or in-
fant children, then to the legal representatives of
such decedent as above provided for.
Approved, August 21, 1852.
Public, XLIV.—An Act to Confirm to the State of
Michigan certain Lands selected for Saline Pur-
poses.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the selection and location by the
State of Michigan of the lands lying in said State,
described as sections numbered two, three, four,
five, eight, nine, ten, eleven, fourteen, fifteen,
twenty-one, and twenty-two, in township seven,
north of range fourteen east, heretofore made under
and by virtue of the fourth proposition contained
in the first section of an act entitled "An act to
establish the northern boundary line of the State
of Ohio, and to provide for the admission of the
State of Michigan into the Union on certain con-
ditions," approved June twenty-third, eighteen
hundred and thirty six, be, and the same are here-
by, recognized as valid and confirmed to said State,
in lieu of twelve other sections which were incor-
