THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
rectly noted as confirmations under said act, by
reason of an erroneous interpretation given at the
General Land Office to the original list of selec-
tions.
Approved, August 25, 1852.
Public, XLY. —An Act to provide for executing the
Public Printing, and establishing the Prices thereof,
and for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the joint resolution entitled "Joint
Resolution directing the manner of procuring the
printing for each House of Congress," approved
August third, eighteen hundred and forty-six, be,
and the same is hereby, repealed.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That there shall
be a Superintendent of the Public Printing, -who
shall hold his office for the term of two years, who
shall receive for his services a salary of twenty-five
hundred dollars per annum, and who shall give :
bond with two sureties, to be approved by the Sec- j
retary of the Interior, in the penalty of twenty j
thousand dollars, for the faithful discharge of his j
duties under this law. The said Superintendent j
shall be a practical printer, versed in the various ,
branches of the arts of printing and book-binding, j
and he shall not be interested directly or indirectly
in any contract for printing for Congress or for
any Department or Bureau of the Government of
the United States. The first Superintendentunder
this law shall hold his office until the commence-
ment of the Thirty-third Congress, and the Super-
intendents thereafter appointed shall hold their
offices for two yeais, commencing with the first
day of the session of each Congress.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That it shall
be the duty of said Superintendent to receive front
the Secretary of the Senate and Cierk of the House
of Representatives all matter ordered by Congress
to be printed, and from the several chiefs of De-
partments and heads of Bureaus all matter ordered
by them respectively, to be printed at the public
expense, and to keep a faithful account of the same,
in the order in which the same shall be received,
in a book or books to be by him kept for that pur-
pose. He shall deliver said matter to the public
printer or printers in the order in which it shall be
received, unless otherwise ordered by the Joint
Committee on Printing He shall inspect the work
when executed by the public printer or printers,
and shall record m a hook or books, to be by him
kept for that purpose, the dates at which the re-
turns of said work are made, and whether the same
is executed in a neat and workmanlike manner,
upon the paper furnished to the public printers by
waul Superintendent, and the amount allowed by
baid Superintendent for the said printing. It shall
be his duty to supervise the execution of the pub-
lic printing; to inspect the work when executed,
and to see that the same is done with newness and
dispatch; to report pvery failure or delinquency of
duty on the part of the public printer, and from
time to time to report the said delinquencies to the
Joint Committee of Congress on Printrig. He
yhail issue his certificate for the amount c'ue to the
public printer for such work as shall have been i
faithfully executed, which certificate shall be made ;
payable to the public prints at ihe Treasury of !t
the United States, and shall not be assignable or :!
transferable by indorsement or delivery to any i
third party- Said certificate of the Superintendent M
shall be a sufficient voucher for the Comptroller to i1
pass, and for the Treasurer,upon the order of the !'
Second Comptroller, to piy the same. !
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted. That it shall be
the duty of the said Supeiintendent of the public i
printing to advertise annually sn one or moi e news- !
papersof general circulation in the cities of Boston,
New York, Philadelphia, B altimore, Washington, 1
New Orleans, Louisville, ami Cincinnati, for the
space of sixty days prior to the first of Decem-
ber, for sealed proposals to furnish the Govern- ,j
ment of the United States all paper which may be j
necessary for the execution of the public, printing, '!
of quality and in quantity to be specified 111 the
said advertisements from year to year. He shall !
open such proposals as may be made, in the pres- ;
ence of the President of the Senate and Speaker of j
theHouseofReprei-e.itatives.on the first Tuesday '
after the fiist Monday of December, annually, pro- jl
vided a Speaker shal 1 have been elected, or as soon | j
thereafter as a Speaker shall be elected, and shall !'
award the contract for furnishing all of said paper,
or such class thereof as may be bid for to the low-
est bidder, whose sample, accompanying his bid,
shall most nearly approximate to the quality of
paper (size, weight, and texture all considered)
advertised for by the said Superintendent. The
sample offered with the bid accepted shall be pre-
served by the said Superintendent, and it shall be
his duty to compare these with the paper furnished
by the public contractor; and he shall not accept
any paper from the contractor which does not con-
form to the sample preserved as aforesaid. It shall
be the duty of the Superintendent of the public
printing to deliver the paper for the printing of the
United States upon the requisitions of the public
printer or printers, and to charge him or them
therewith; and, as the printing is returned and
passed by the said Superintendent, he shall credit
the public printer with the quantity used in the
public service. It shall be the duty of said Super-
intendent to have the requisitions of the printer
and the returns of paper by the printer balanced
at least once in each year, and in default thereof
to report the same to Congress for such proceed-
ings as Congress may direct. In default of any
contractor under this law to comply with his con-
tract in furnishing the paper in proper time and of
proper quality, the Superintendent is authorized j
to advertise for proposals, as hereinbefore pro- !
vided,and award thecontracttothelowestbidder; i
and for any increase of cost to the Government in j
procuring a proper supply of paper for the use of <
the Government, the contractor in default and his j
securities shall be charged with and held respon- j
sible for the same, and shall be prosecmed upon \
their bond, by the Superintendent, in the name of i
the United States, in the circuit court of the United 1;
States for the District of Columbia. j
Sec. 5. Jlad he it further enacted. That the public ,
printer shall be required to execute each job of
printing intrusted to him within thirty days from
the date of its delivery by the Superintendent, ex-
cept bills, repoits, and joint resolutions, whifh
shall be returned as the Clerk of the House or
Secretary of the Senate shall require, unless, for
good reasons shown, the Superiniendent of Print-
ing shall extend the time. And should Ihe printer
detain any matter longer than thirty davs, a de-
duction of five per centum shall be made by the
Superintendent, from the account of the printer,
for such job; and an additional deduction of five
per centum for ,ui additional detention of twenty
days. If the public, printer shall detain such mat-
ter for sixty days, the Superintendent shall with-
draw it entirely, and shall employ another printer
to execute the same with promptness, upon the
terms provided by law; and in such case the pub-
lic piinter shall not he allowed iherefor.
Sec. 6. Andbe it farther enuclcd, That ihe Super-
intendent of the Public Printing shall not be di-
rectly or indirectly interested iti the business of
the Public Printing, or in any material io he used
by the public printer, or in any contract for fur-
nishing paper to Congress or to any department
or bureau of the Government of the United States.
For any violation of this provision the Superin-
tendent of the Public Priming shall forfeit his of-
fice, and may be indicted before the district court
for the District of Columbia, and. if found guilty,
shall be imprisoned in the penitentiary of the Dis-
tiirt of Columbia for any terra not less than one
nor more than five years, and, 111 addition thereto,
may be fined m any sum from one thousand to ten 1
thousand dollars.
Sec. 7. dndbe it further enacted, That when any
document shall be ordered to be printed by both
Houses of Congress, the entire prmtm:r of such
document shall he done by the printer of that.
House which first ordered the same. And when-
ever the same person or the Snuie fnm shall be
;>riiitei for both Houses of Congress, and both
Houses shall order the same document to be
printed witinn three weeks of the same time, com-
position shall be charged but once for sud doc-
ument; and 110 sum shall be paid to said printer
for altering the headings from the form in which 1
he printed them first to the form or forms 111 which !
such document shall afterwards be printed. j
Sec . 8 Aral be it farther enacted, That there shall ;
be elected a public printer for each House of Con-
gress, to do the public printing for the Congiess
for which he or they may be chosen, and such
punting for the executive departments and bureaus
of the Government of the United States, as may
be delivered to him or them to be printed, by the
Superintendent of the Public Printing. The fol-
lowing rates of compensation shall he paid from
time to time for such printing as may lie ordered
by Congress;
First. For bills and joint resolutions:
For composition per page, fifty cents.
For press-work, folding, and stitching, for five
hundred and eighty copies, thirty-two and a half
cents per page; and at the same rate per page for
any greater number not exceeding 0110 thousand
copies.
Second. For reports of committees, and the
Journals of both Houses, with indexes, and the
executive documents of each House, embracing
messages from the President, reports from the ex-
ecutive departments, bureaus, and oifices, and doc-
uments and statements communicated I herewith,
with indexes; resolutions and other documents
from State Legislatures; memorials, petitions,
treaties, and confidential documents for the Senate,
for composition per page, octavo—
For small pica plain, one dollar.
For small pica rule, one dollar and fifiv cents.
For brevier plain, one dollar and fifty cents.
For brevier rule, two dollars.
For nonpareil rule, three dollars and seventy-
five cents.
For the composition of tables larger t han octavo
size, per one thousand ems, seventy cents; butthe
page of octavo size shall contain not less than
one thousand six hundred ems, when printed in
small pica; and the body of all plain rn'itter shall
. be so printed, except extracts, yeas mid nays,
, and addenda, which shall be printed wiih brevier
type.
j All rule and figure work shall be printed in royal
j octavo form, with small pica, each page containing
{ not less than one thousand six hundred ems, if
the matter to be printed can be brought into pages
j of that size with that kind of type, S" as 'to°be
1 read with facility and convenience. If it cannot,
it shall be printed with brevier type, each page
, containing not less than two thousand fight hun-
dred ems; and if it cannot be brought in'o a royal
octavo page with brevier type, so as to be under-
, stood with facility, ltsha'l be printed with nonpa-
1 red type, each page containing riot less than four
thousand two hundred ems; and when it cannot
I be brought into a royal octavo page with nonpareil
1 type, so as to be read with facility, it shall be
printed with brevier type in a broadside, showing
the whole table at one view, and be so filled that i"t
i can be bound in a royal octavo volume.
, When matter is leaded, the composition shall
i be counted as if the matter were printed solid, and
; not leaded.
For press-woik, folding, and stitching of royal
i octavo size—
For twelve hundred and fifty copies, thirty-two
; and a half cents per page, and'at tne same rate for
any greater number not exceeding fifteen hundred
1 copies.
For press-work, folding, and stitching of each
table larger than royal octavo size—
For twelve^ hundred and fifty copies, one dollar
and twenty-five cents per page, and at the same
rate for any number not exceeding fifteen hundred
conies.
The following deductions on account of folding
and stitching copies reserved for binding shal! be
mad?: 0
For royal octavo size, per page, ('or each hun-
dred copies, one quarter of a cent: forcach table
breer than octavo, one quarter of a re.':-, and the
following additional charge shall be 1 -loved for
trimming, folding, and stitching, ,:.* ! inserting
each map, chart, diagram, or platan the conies not
reserved for binding: for even- hundred 'conies,
ten cents. " 1
There shall be allowed fortJjf> pre,-,.--work on
tieaties, reports?, and other documents, when or-
dered to be printed in confidence, for tne use of the
Senate, at the following r.u*®:
For the press-wovk, folding, and of
sixty-five copies, six cents per page when of the
royal octavo size, and one dollar per pa^e, for
sixty-five copies when the matter cannot be con-
tained in the rovai octavo page in any type here-
inbefore specified; and allowancefd,a]I be made at
the same lates for any greater iuiriibe" or copies
thdn roxty-five, and nut exceeding one hundred.
Third. For tabular statements of the ordeis ui
the day, lists of yeas and naye, circular letters,
