1644
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. Speaker, the solemnities of this hour may
soon be forgotten. We may come back from the
new-made grave only still to show that we con-
sider "eternity the bubble life and time the endur-
ing substance." Wemaynot pause longenough
by the brink to ask which of us revelers of a day
shall next be at rest. But be assured, sir, that upon
the records of mortality will never be inscribed
a name more illustrious than thatof thestatesman,
patriot, and friend whom the nation mourns.
The SPEAKER. The Chair asks leave to
give notice to the House, that the members of the
Senate and House will form a procession at the
National Hotel to-morrow, at twenty minutes
p'ast eleven, to accompany the remains of Mr.
Clay to the Capitol for funeral ceremonies. The
remains will pass thence to the cars, and depart
for Kentucky.
The question was then put on the adoption of
the resolutions proposed by Mr. Breckinridge,
and they were unanimously adopted.
And the House adjourned till to-morrow at
twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, My 1,1852.
The funeral rites over the remains of the Hon.
Henry Clay wey solemnized this, day. Pursu-
ant to the arrangements prescribed by the com-
mittee of the Seaate, the members of the Senate
and of the House of Representatives, together
with public bodies and associations, military com-
panies, and civic authorities, assembled at the j
National Hotel, where the body has lain since life j
departed; and thence the melancholy funeral cor- \
tege passed to the Senate Chamber, so long the :
theatre of his glories. I
As the body was borne to the centre of the !
Chamber, the Rev. Dr. Butler, the Chaplain to \
the Senate, in full canonicals, read part of the j
Episcopal ritual—" I am the resurrection and the \
life, saith the Lord." In consonance with the j
solemn service over the dead was the scene there !
presented—somber and sad. i
The President of the United States and the ;
Speaker of the House of Representatives were !
seated with the President of the Senate. The body !
of the Senate, the representatives of State sover-
eignties, were grouped, on the two innermost semi- i
circular rows of chairs, around the lifeless form'
of their late colleague. The committee of ar- I
rangements, and the committee to convey the body |
to Kentucky, and the pall-bearers, with the Ken- 1
tucky delegation in the Houseof Representatives,
as chief mourners, and a few personal devoted 1
friends, weie also in close proximity to the inan-
imate form of the deceased.
The members of the House of Representatives .
filled the outer circles, except such parts as were '
devoted to the large diplomatic corps, the Cabinet I
of the President of the United States, the officers of j
the Army and Navy, amongst whom were Major :
General Scott, commander-in-chief, and Commo- 1
dore Morris. With the Municipal Councils of the ;
city of Washington, were the officers of neighbor- '
ing cities, and others, official and unofficial.
Mr. James Maher, the public gardiner, placed
a fragrant shield ol sweetly-culled flowers upon I
the sarcophagus, as a memorial of affection for
the deceased statesman within. The pure white
and orightly-variegated flowers contrasted sadly
with the rich iolding drapery of black cloth, re-
lieved though i' was by silver ornaments. The
sarcophagus in which the remains were inurned,
resembles the outlines of the human body. The
handles, the face plate, the plate for inscribing the
liarne, and other pin tea,are of massive silver, beau-
tifully wrought and chased, having appropriate
emblems, among which appear wreaths of laurel
June 30,
and oak, with a full-blown rose, and sprig of oak
with its acorns detached from their parent stem,
showing the work of the fell destroyer. Amidst
the contemplations to which this scene gave being,
the Chaplain's voice broke on the listening ear—
" But some man will say, how are the dead raised
up? and with what body do they come?" The
answer was furnished by the residue of the 15th
chapter of 1st Corinthians, which the Chaplain
impressively read for the consolation of the be-
reaved living.
" How is the strong staff broken and the beau-
tiful rod!" (Jeremiah 48 ch. 17 v.,) was the sug-
gestive text of the following impressive discourse:
Before all hearts and minds in this august as-
semblage the vivid image of one man stands. To
some aged eye he may come forth, from the dim
past, as he appeared in the neighboring city of his
native State, a little and ardent youth, full of
promise, of ambition, and of hope. To another
he may appear as, in a distant State, in the courts
of justice, erect, highstiung, bold, wearing fresh
forensic laurels on his young and open brow.
Some may see him in the earlier and some in the
later stages of his career on this auspicious the-
ater of his renown; and to the former he will start
out, on the background of the past, as he ap-
peared in the neighboring Chamber, tall, elate,
impassioned, with flashing eye and suasive ges-
ture, and clarion voice, an already acknowledged
" Agamemnon, King of Men;" and to others he
will again stand in this Chamber " the strong
staff" of the bewildered and staggering State, and
"the beautiful rod," rich with" the blossoms of
genius, and of patriotic love and hope, the life of
youth still remaining to give animation, grace, and
exhaustless vigor to the wisdom, the experience,
and gravity of age. To others he may be present
as lie sat in the chamber of sickness, cheerful,
majestic, gentle—his mind clear, 1ns heart warm,
his hope fixed on Heaven, peacefully preparing
for his last great change. To the memory of the
minister of God he appears as the penitent, hum-
ble, and peaceful Christian, who received him
with the affection of a father, and joined with him
in solemn sacrament and piayer with the ^entle- '
ness of a woman and humility of a child, Out '
of the strong came forth sweetness." "Ilow is '
the strong staff broken and the beautiful rod!"!
But not before this assembly only doe.-' the vener- I
able image of the departed statesman this day dis- .
tinctly stand. For more than a thousand miles j
East, ^ATest, North, and South—-it is known and <
remembered, that at this place and hour a nation's I
representatives assemble to do honor to him whose j
fame is now a nation's heritage. A nation's I
mighty heart tin obs against this Capitol, and beats !
through you. In many cities banners droop, bells
toll, cannons boom, funeral dt-apenes wove. In
crowded streets andon surrounding wharves, upon i
steamboats, and upon ears, in fields, in work- 1
shops, in homes, in schools, millions of men, '
women, and children, have their thoughts fixed
upon this scene, and say mournfully to each other,
" This is the hour in which, at the capital, the na-
tion's representatives are burying Henry Ci.\y."
Burying Henry Clay ? Bury the records of your
country's history—bury the hearts of living mil-
lions—bury the mountains, the rivers, the lakes,
and the spreading lands from sea to sea, with
which his name is inseparably associated, and
even then you would not bury Heskv Cla\— for
he is in other lands and speaks in other tongues
and to other times, than ours. ^ '
A great mind, a great heart, ,-t great orator,
a great career, have been consigned to history.
She will record his rare gifts of deep insight,
keen discrimination, clear statement, rapid com-
bination, plain, direct, and convincing logic. She
will love to dwell on that large, generous, mag-
nanimous, open, forgiving heart. She will linger
with fond delight on the recorded or traditional
stories of' an eloquence that was so masterful
and stirring, because it was- but himself strug-
gling to come forth on the living words be-
cause, though the words were brave and siron"
and beautiful and melodious, it, was felt that be-
hind them, there was a soul, braver, stronger,
more beautiful, and more melodious than lan-
guage could express, She will point to a career
of statesmanship which has, to a remarkable de-
gree, stamped itself on the public policy of the
country, and reached in beneficent practical results
the fields, the looms, the commercial marts, and
the quiet homes of all the land, where his name
was with the departed father, and is with the liv-
ing children, and will be with successive genera-
tions, an honored household word.
I feel, as a man, the grandeur of this career.
But as an immortal, with this broken wreck of
mortality before me, with this scene as the " end-
all" of human glory , I feel that no career is truly
great but that of him who, whether he be illus-
trious or obscure, lives to the future in the pres-
ent, and, linking himself to the spiritual world,
draws from God the life, the rule, the motive, and
the reward of all his labor. So would that great
spirit which has departed say to us, could he ad-
dress us now. So did he realize in tjie calm and
meditative close of life. I feel that I but utter the
lessons which, when living, were his last and best
convictions, and which, dead, could he speak to
us, his solemn admonitions, when I say that
statesmanship is then only glorious when it is
Christian, and that man is then only safe and true
to his duty and his soul, when the life which he
lives in the flesh is the life of faith in the Son of
God.
Great, indeed, is the privilege, and most honor-
able and useful is the career of a Christian Amer-
ican statesman.
He perceives that civil liberty came from the
freedom wherewith Christ made its earliest mar-
tyr and defender free. He recognizes it as one^of
the twelve manner of fruits on the tree-'of life with
which its lower branches furnish the best nutri-
] ment of earth, hangs on its topmast boughs, which
wave in heaven, fruits that exhilarate the immor-
tals. Recognizing the State as God's institution,
he will perceive that his own ministry is divine.
Living consciously under the eye and in the love
and fear of God, redeemed by the blood of Jesus,
sanctified by His spirit, loving His law, he will
give himself, in private and in*"public, to the ser-
vice of his Saviour. He will not admit that he
may act on less lofty principles in public than in
, private life, and that he must be careful of his
; moral influence in the small sphere of home and
! neighborhood, but need take no heed of it when
| it stretches over continents and crosses seas. He
I will know that his moral responsibility cannot be
! divided and distributed among- others. When he
j is t,old that adherence to the strictest moral and
| religious principle is incompatible with a successful
] and eminent career, he will denounce the assertioli
as a libel on the venerated father of the Republic 
a libel on the honored living, and the illustrious
dead—a libel against a great and Christian nation
—a libel against God himgelf, who has declared
and made " godliness profitableforthe life that is."
, He will strive to make laws transcripts of the-char-
acter and institutions, illustrations of the provi-
j dence of God. He will scan with admiration and
ij awe the purposes of God in the future history of
;j the world, in throwing open their wide continent,
;J from sea to sea, as the abode of freedom, intelli-
;i gence, plenty, prosperity, and peace, and feel that
)| in giving his energies with a patriotic love to the
i| welfare of his country, he is consecrating himself
with a Christian's zeal to the extension andestab-
Ij lishment of the Redeemer's kingdom. Compared
!j with a career like this, which Is equally open to
j those whose public sphere is large or small, how
paltry are the trade of patriotism, the tricks of
ij statesmanship, the rewards of successful base-
!| ness! This hour, this scene, the venerated dead,
ji the country, the world, the present, the future."
ij God, duty, heaven, hell, speak trumpet-tongued
, to all in-ttie service of their country, to beware how
j they lay polluted or unhallowed hands
" Upon the ark
Ofhei magnificent and awful cause/'
&uCii is the character of that statesmanship
, ! which alone would have met the full approval of
;; the venerated dead. For the religion which always
i had a place in the convictions of his mind has also,
'i within a recent period, entered into his experience
'I and seated itself in his heart. Twenty years since
I he wrote, " ] am a member of no religious sect,
; ' and X am not a professor of religion. I regret
j i ' that I am not, I wish that I was, and trust that
!, ' f shall be. I have, and always have had, apro-
!! ' found regard for Christianity, the religion of my
l! 1 fathers, and for its rites, its usages, and observ-
