THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
XI
aud miscellaneous printing ordered by Congress,
not hereinbefore specified—
For composition for plain work, per thousand
ems, fifty cents*.
For rule and figure work, fifty cents per thou-
sand em?j.
For pi ess-work, folding, and stitching, one hun-
dred copies, per page—
For royal octavo, or any smaller size, ten cents.
For quai to post, twenty cents.
For foolscap and any larger size, twenty cents.
But the following deductions shall be made from
the press-work, folding and stitching additional
numbers to the number usually ordered by Con-
gress of matter included in the foregoing specifica-
tions, to wil:
When the number ordered exceeds five thousand
and does not exceed ten thousand, two per centum.
When the number exceeds ten thousand and
does not exceed twenty thousand, five per centum.
When the number exceeds twenty thousand,
forty per centum.
The puss-work, folding, and stitching, of all
printing not herein provided for, shall be done by
the ream—the rates shall be two dollars per ream
when printed on one side, and four dollars? per
ream when printed on both sides; when any amount
less than mip ream is ordered, it shall be counted
and settled for as one ream.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That the regu-
lar numbers of documents ordered by Congress
shall be printed in octavo form, on paper weighing
not less than fifty-six pounds for every four hun-
dred and eighty sheets, and measuring twenty-
four by thirty eight inches; and the extra numbers
shall be printed on paper weighing not less than
forty-five pounds for every four hundred and
eighty sheets, and measuring twenty-four by
thirty-eight inches. The paper for any other
species of printing ordered by Congress may be
of such size and quality as the Superintendent of
the Public Printing may deem suitable and proper.
Sec. 10. And be. it further enacted, That the pub-
lic printer, or printers, may be required by the
Superintendent to work at night as well as through
the day upon the pubhc printing, during the ses-
sion of Congress, when the exigencies of the
pubhc spruce require it.
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That the
same prices shall be paid for printing for the execu-
tive departments that are paid for printing for Con-
gress, except tor printing post-bills, which shall
be printed on paper not less than sixteen by twen-
ty-six inches, and for printing on parchment.
There shall be paid for printing the post-bills at
the rate of one dollar per thousand sheets, and at
the rate of ten dollars per thousand for printing
parchments; but nothing shall be olio wed for alter-
ing post-bills when the alteration consists in the
mere change of a postmaster's name; and nothing
herein contained s-hall pre\ent the heads of execu-
tive departments from employing printers out of
the city of Washington to execute such panting
for any of said deportments as may be required
for use out of Washington, when the same can be
executed elsewhere as cheap as at the rates herein
specified, increased by the eo.-;t of transporting the
printed matter to the State or States where such
matter may be leqiurcd for use in the public ser-
vice.
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted, That a com-
mittee, consisting of three members of the Senate
and three members of the House of Representa-
tives, shall be appointed by the President of the
Senate and Speaker of the House, to be called the
Joint Committee on the Public Printing, which
committee shall have a right to decide between the
Superintendent of the Public Printing and the pub-
lic printer in any dispute which may ariee as to
the propriety of "the dtcisions of the Superintend-
ent making 'deductions on account of work which
the Superintendent may refuse to receive, or which,
in his opinion, may not be done with proper dis-
patch, as required by law: and the said commit-
tee shall pi^ ur^n "the recounts of the Superin-
tendent of the Public Printing. Said committee
shall have power to adopt such measures as may
be deemed necessary to remedy any neglect ox-
delay in the execution of the public printing, pro-
vided that no contract, agreement, or arrangement
entered into by this committee shall take effect
until the same shall have been approved by that
House of Congress to which the printing belongs,
and when the printing delayed relates to the busi-
ness of both Houses, until both Houses shall
have approved of such contract or arrangement.
All motions to print extra copies of any bill, re-
port, or other public document, shall be referred
to the members of the Committee on Printing from
the House in which the same may be made.
Sec. 13. And be it further enacted, That all acts
or joint resolutions conflicting with the provisions
of this act are hereby repealed; but nothing herein
contained shall be construed to authorize the can-
celment of any contract now or heretofore entered
into with any printer under the laws heretofore in
force, or to abrogate his rights in any way with-
out his consent. Nothing in this act shall be con-
strued to authorize the printing of the census, but
the same shall be done as may be provided by law
hereafter.
Approaed, August 26, 1852.
tax, for the use of said canal, only such tolls as
shall be sufficient to pay all necessary expenses
for the care, charge, and repairs of the same.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That before it
shall be competent for said State to dispose of any
of the lands to be selected as aforesaid, the route
of said canal shall be established as aforesaid, and
a plat or plats thereof shall be filed in the office of
the War Department, and a duplicate thereof in
the office of the Commissioner of the General
Land Office.
Approved, August 26, 1852.
Public, XLVI.—An Act granting to the Stale of
.Michigan the Right of Way and a donation of Pub-
lic Landy for the construction of a Ship Canal
around the Falls of St. Mary's, in said State.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America hi Congress
assembled, That there be, and is hereby, granted
to said State, the right of locating a canal through
the public lands, known as the military reservation
at the Falls at St. Mary's river, in said State, and
that four hundred feet of land in width, extending
along the line of such canal, be, and the same is
hereby, granted,to be used by said State, or under
the authorty thereof, for the construction and
convenience of such canal, and the appurtenances
thereto, and the use thereof is hereby vested m
said State forever, for the purposes aforesaid and
no other: Provided, That, m locating the line of
said canal through said military reservation, the
same shall be located on the line of the suivey
heretofore made for that purpose, or such other
route between the waters above and below said
falls, as, under the approval of the Secretary of
War, may be selected: And provided further, That
said canal shall be at least one hundred feet wide,
with a depth of water twelve fct, and the locks
shall be at lest two hundred and fifty feet long and
sixty feet wide.
Sec. 2. And be it further tnactedy That there be
and hereby is granted to the said State of Mich-
igan, for the purpose of aiding said State in con-
structing and completing said canal, seven hundred
and fifty thousand acres of public lands, to be
selected in subdivisions, agreeably to the United
States surveys, by an agent or agents to be ap-
pointed by the Governor of said State, subject to
the approval of the Secretary of the interior, from
any lands within said State subject, to private
entry.
Sec. 3. And be further cnacU-.d, That the said
lands hereby granted shall be subject to the dis-
posal of the Legislature of said State, for the
purposes aforesaid, and no other; and the stud
canal shall be and remain a public highway for
the use of the Government of the United States,
free from tofl or other charge upon the vessels of
said Government engaged in the public service,
or upon vessels employed by said Government in
tiie transportation of any property or troops of
the United States.
Sec. 4. And be it further enactid, That if the
said canal shall not be commenced within thrfe,
and completed within ten yeais, the said State of
Michigan shall be bound to pay to the United
States the amount which may be received upon
the sale of any part of said lands by said State not
less than one'doilar and twenty-five cents per acre,
the title to the purchasers under said State remain-
ing valid.
Sue. 5. And be it further enacted, That the Le-
gislature of said State shall cause to be kept an ac-
curate account of the sales and netpioceeds of
the lands hereby granted, and of all expenditures
in the construction, repahs, and operating of paid
Canal, and of the earnings thereof, and shall return
a statement, of the para? annually to the Secretary
of the Interior; ancf whenever said State shall be
fully reimbursed for all advances made for the
construction, repairs, and operating of said canal,
with legal interest on all advances, until the reim-
bursement of the same, or upon payment by the
United States of any balance of such advances
over such receipts from said lands and canal, with
such interest, the said State shall be allowed to
Public, XLV1I.—An Act to Reduce and Define the
boundaries of the Military Reserve at the St. Peter's
river, in the Territory of Minnesota.
Be it cnacled by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
: assembled, That the Secretary of War be, and he
is hereby, required to cause the lines of the m*es"
ent military reserve at Fort Snellmg, in the Ter-
ritory of Minnesota, to be so contracted as to em-
brace the following boundaries, to wit:
Beginning at the middle of the channel of the
Mississippi river, below Pike's island; thence as-
cending along the channel of said river in such a
direction as to include aJl the islands of the river,
to the mouth of Brown's creek; thence up said
creek to Rice lake; thence through the miadle of
Rice lake to the outlet of Lake Amelia, to the out-
let of Mother lake; thence through said outlet and
the middle of Mother lake, to the outlet of Duck
lake; thence through said outlet and the middle of
Duck hike, to the southern extremity of Duck
lake; thence in aline due south to the middle of
the channel of the Saint Peter's river; thencedown
said river so as to include all the islands to the
middle of the channel of the Mississippi river;
reserving further, for military purposes,a quarter
scatkm on the right bank of the Saint Peter's riv-
er, at the present ferry; and also a quarter section
on the left bank of the Mississippi river, at the
present ferry across that stream.
Sec. 2. And be it further cnacted, That the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office be, and he
is hereby, required to cause to be surveyed, as
soon as practicable, so much of the lands hereto-
fore included in the military reserve aforesaid, but
without the limits of the said military reserve afore-
said, us defined by this act, as have not already
been surveyed: and to cause the same, together
with such of said lands as have been so surveyed,
with the exceptions hereinafter set forth, to be sold
at public sale, under the direction of the President
of the United States.
Snc. And be it further enacted, That the land
on which the establishment of the Fur Company
is situated, known as Mendota, with the settle-
ments immediately around the same, not exceed-
ing three hundred and twenty acres, be, and the
same is hereby, reserved from sale during the term
of one year after the lands surrounding the same
shall be offered for ^ale; and the proper authorities
rue hereby authorized, tit any time during said
year, to enter the same for a town site, agreeably
to and in accordance with the terms and conditions
of "An act for the relief of the citizens of towns
upon the lands of the United States, under certain
oi ream stances, "approved May twenty-third, eigh-
teen hundred in d forty-four.
Snr. 4. And be it further enacted, That the lands
comprised within the limits of said reserve be, and
the same are hereby, annexed to and made a part
of the Chippewa Land District, in said Territory
of Minnesota.
Api'KOvr.n, August 26, 1853.
Public, XLVIII.—An Act authorizing Imported
Goods, Wat ex, and Merchandise, XZntered and
Bowhd for Warehousing in pursuance of law f to be
Export'J by cerlti'moiiies to ports or place", in Mex-
ico.
Be it enactedby the Senate and. House of Repre-
•enfaiivesufthe United States of America in Congress
assembled* That any imported goods in the original
packages which shall have been duly entered and
bonded, in pursuance of the warehousing act of
s.xih August, eighteen hundred and forty-six,
may be withdrawn from warehouse at any time
within two years from the original importation
for immediate exportation, without payment of
duties, under the provision of the act aforesaid,
to Chihuahua, in Mexico, by the routes designa-
