1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1645
' anees." That feeling proved that the seed
sown by pious parents was not dead, though sti-
fled. A few years since its dormant life was re-
awakened. He was baptized in the communion
of the Protestant Episcopal Church, and during
his sojourn in this city he was in full communion
with Trinity parish.
It is since his withdrawal from the sittings of
the Senate that I have been made particularly ac-
quainted with his religious opinions, character,
and feelings. Prom his first illness he expressed
to me the persuasion that it would be fatal.
From that period until his death it has been my
privilege to hold with him frequent religious ser-
vices, and conversations with him in his room.
He averred to me his full faith in the great leading
doctrines of the Gospel—the fall and sinfulness of
man, the divinity of Christ, the reality and neces-
sity of the atonement, the need of being born again
by the Spirit, and salvation through faith in the
crucified Redeemer. His own personal hopes of
salvation he ever and distinctly based on the prom-
ises and the grace of Christ. Strikingly percep-
tible on his naturally impetuous and impatient
character was the influence of grace in producing
submission and "patient waiting for Christ,"
and for death. On one occasion he spoke to me
of the pious example of one very near and dear
to him, as that which led him deeply to feel and
earnestly to seek for himself the reality and bless-
edness of religion. On one occasion he told
me that he had been striving to form a concep-
tion of Heaven; and he enlarged upon the mercy
of that provision by which our Saviour became
a partaker of our humanity, that our hearts and
hopes might fix themselves on him. On another
occasion, when he was supposed to be very near
his end, I expressed to him the hope that his mind
and heart were at peace, and that he was able to
rest with cheerful confidence on the promises and
merits of the Redeemer. He said, with much
feeling, that he endeavored to, and trusted that he
did, repose his salvation upon Christ; that it was
too late for him to look at Christianity in the light
of speculation; that he had never doubted of its
truth; and that he now wished to throw himself
upon it as a practical and blessed remedy. Very
soon after this, I administered to him the sacra-
ment of the Lord's Supper. Being extremely
feeble, and desrroas of having his mind undivert-
ed, no persons were present but his son and serv-
ant. It was a scene long to be remembered.
There, in that still chamber, at a week-day noon,
the tides of life all flowing strong around us, three
disciples of the Saviour—the minister of God, the
dying statesman, and his servant, a partaker of
the like precious faith—commemorated their Sa-
viour's dying love. He joined in the blessed sac-
rament with great feeling and solemnity—now
pressing his hands together, and now spreading
them forth as the words of the service expressed
the feelings, desires, supplications, and thanks-
givings -of his heart. After this he rallied, and
again I was permitted frequently to join with him
in religious services, conversation, and prayer.
He grew in grace, and in the knowledge of our
Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ. Among the
books which he read most were Jay's Morning
and Evening Exercises, the Life ofDr. Chalmers,
and the Christian Philosopher Triumphant in
Death. His hope contined to the end, though
true and real, to be tremulous with humility rather
than rapturous with assurance. When he felt
most the weariness of his protracted sufferings,
it sufficed to suggest to him that his Heavenly
Father doubtless knew that, after a life so long
stirring and tempted, such a discipline of chasten-
ing and suffering was needful to make him meet
for the inheritance of the saints; and at once the
words of meek and patient acquiescence escaped
his lips.
Exhausted nature at length gave way. On the
last occasion when I was permitted to offer a brief
prayer at his bed-side, his last words to me were
that he had hope only in Christ, and that the
prayer which I had offered for his pardoning love
and his sanctifying grace included everything
which the dying need. On the evening previous
to his departure, sitting an hour in silence by his
side, I eould not but realize, when I heard him in
the slight wanderings of his mind to other days,
and other scenes, murmuring the words, " J\Ty
mother/ mother! mother!" and saying, " My dear
wife," as if she were present; I could not but real-
ize then, and rejoice to think ho w near was -..the
blessed reunion of his weary heart with the loved
dead and with her—our dear Lord gently smooth
her passage to the tomb!—who must soon follow
him to his rest, whose spirits even then seemed to
visit and to cheer his memory and his hope.
Gently he breathed his soul away into the spirit
world.
" How blest the righteous when they die !
When holy souls retire to rest,
How miidly beams the closing eye !
How gently heaves the expiring breast!
So fades a summer cloud away,
So «inks the gale when storms are o'er;
Bo gently shuts the eye of day;
So dies the wave upon the shore !"
Be it ours to follow him in the same humble and
submissive faith to Heaven. Could he speak to
us the counsels of his latest human and of his pres-
ent heavenly experience, sure I am that he would
not only admonish us to cling to the Saviour in
sickness and in death, but abjure us not to delay
to act upon our first convictions that we might
give our best power and fullest influence for God,
and go to the grave with a hope unshadowed by
the long worldliness of the past, and darkened by
no films of fear and doubt resting over the future!
The strong staff is broken and the beautiful rod
despoiled of its grace and bloom; but in the light
of the eternal promises, and by the power of
Christ's resurrection, we joyfully anticipate the
prospect of seeing that broken staff erect, and that
beautiful rod, clothed with celestial grace, and
blossoming with undying life and blessedness, in
the paradise of God.
The ritual of the Episcopal Church, at the bu-
rial of the dead, closed the solemn service, and
the body was removed to the Eotunda, that his
sorrowing countrymen might gaze upon that face
in death which has cheered them so much while
living.
At foui o'clock the funeral procession left by
railroad to give the body sepulture in his own
chosen spot, near his own home, at the cemetery
of Lexington in Kentucky.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursdat, July 1, 1852.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m.
On motion by Mr. ORR, by unanimous con-
sent, the reading of the Journal of yesterday was
dispensed with.
The SPEAKER stated, that in pursuance of the
order made on yesterday, the House would pro-
ceed in a body to the Senate to participate in the
funeral ceremonies of Hon. Henry Clay, late a
Senator fiom Kentucky.
The Speaker and officers of the House, accom-
panied by the members, then proceeded to the
Senate Chamber. The services there having been
concluded, they returned to the Hall; and being
called to order by the Speaker,
On motion by Mr. SWEETSER, the House
adjourned till to-morrow at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Friday, July 2, 1852.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. C. M. Bvtler.
On motion by Mr. HUNTER, it was
Ordered, That the execution of the ord.i assigning Fit-
d.iv of edch week for tin: consideration of puvate claims
be suspended unti! otic o'clock.
ENROLLED BILLS.
The PREvSIDENT pro tern, signed the follow-
ing enrolled billy:
A bill for the relief of the heirs of John Jack-
son;
An act to amend an act entitled " An act for the
punishment of crimes in the District of Columbia;''
and
A joint resolution accepting from Guiseppe
Fagnazi a portrait of Henry Clay, and ordering
it to be placed in the Library of Congress.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tem. laid before the Senate
a report of the Secretary of State relativeto the res-
olution of the Senate calling for information as to
the expediency of adopting a graduated, scale of
diplomatic salaries, based upon the combined con-
siderations of the importance of the mission and
the expenses of psidenee, transmitting a copy of
the circular letter on the subject which was ad-
i dressed by the Secretary of State to the respective
diplomatic representatives of the United States in
i foreign countries, together with a copy of their
' replies so far as the same had been received at the
Department of State; which was referred to the
' Committee on Foreign Relations, ahd ordered to
j be printed.
PETITIONS, ETC. ,
Mr. FELCH submitted additional documents
in relation to the claim of the administrators of
! John Anderson-, which were referred to the Com-
i mittee on Claims.
Mr. GWIN presented several petitions from
citizens of California, praying to be released from
the payment of duty bonds on certain goods de-
! stroyed by fire while in bonded warehouses, at
San Francisco, California; which were referred to
the Committee on Finance.
Mr. WALKER presented a petition of citizens
; of Washington, District of Columbia, praying
that the bill now pending before Congress, com-
t inonly known as the (i homestead bill," may be-
; come a law; which was referred to the Committee
, on Public Lands.
1 DEATH OF THE HON. HENRY CLAY.
Mr. HUNTER submitted the^ following reso-
' lution; which was agreed to:
I Resolved, That the President of the Senate bo requested
J to communicate to the Executive of the State of Kentucky
' information of the death of the Hon. Henry Clay, late a
i Senator from that State.
; Mr. HUNTER submitted the following reso-
lution; which was agreed to:
i Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate be directed
; to pay to Thomas H. Clay, son of the late Hbnry Clay,
! whatever sum may be due Ins estate for per diem and miie- '
: age.
! Mr. MANGUM submitted the following reso-
! lution; which was agreed to:
! Resolved, That the Committee of Arrangements cause
! to be published, in a pamphlet form, and in such manner
as may seem to them appropriate, for the use of the Senate,
10,000 copies of the addi esses made by the members of the
i Senate and members of the House of Representatives, to-
1 gether with the discourse of the Rev. Dr. Bctl'JU, upon
the occasion of the death of the Hon. Henry Clay.
PUBLIC LANDS, ETC., IN LOUISIANA.
Mr. DOWNS submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was agreed to:
: Resolved, That the Secretaiy of the Interior be directed
! to report to the Senate the amount of sales of the public
; lands, bounty land warrants, and other scrip located in the
State of Louisiana respectively for the last five years; the
1 expenses of the Government for surveys, and all other
1 charges in the deposition of the public lanrtb in said State
for the same period; the quantity of land yet to be sur-
veyed, or the surveys to be corrected respectively; the un-
adjusted private land claims; the quantity of land subject
to entry at this tune, and how much has been in market
' over twentv, fifteen, five, and one year respectively; the
I quantity of'Jand reported as inundated or overflowed lands,
i which have been reclaimed by levees made by the State or
| individuals, and sold by the United States; the quantity of
land ceded to the State, specifying the purpose and the
acts, and such other information as will aid Congress in de-
termining whether it be to the interest of the Government
longer to retair  m her hands the disposition of the public
lands in said State.
THE PENSION LAWS.
Mr. WADE submitted the following resolution;
which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be requested
to inform the Senate whether it be the practice of the De-
partment, in its administration of the pens-ion laws, to regard
the right to a pension, or to arreais of pension, as a vested
right in Navy invalid cases, and as a right determining with
the death of the claimant in Army invalid cases ; and
further, if such practice exist, that he inform the Rpnato
when it was established, and upon what authority of law
it based.
CONVENTION WITH BRAZIL.
Mr. MASON. A bill has been returned from
i the House of Representatives which has passed
i the Senate in reference to the Brazilian eommis-
1 sion. It has been returned with an amendment.
: I reported the bill originally, and assent to the
' amendment, which, I have no doubt, is a proper
, one. It is important that the bill should be im-
; mediately passed, because the commission has
• expired. I therefore ask the Senate to take up
■ the bill to amend the act entitled "An act to carry
' into effect the Convention between the^Umted
■ States and the Emperor of Brazil, of the 27th Jan-
, uary, 1849," approved March 29, 1850.
j The motion was agreed to, and the bill wa 
taken up for consideration.
