xii
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ted in the first section of the act of third March,
eighteen hundred and forty-live, or by such other
routes as may be designated by the Secretary of
the Treasury; and likewise, that any imported
merchandise duly entered and bonded at Point Isa-
bel, in the collection district of Brazos de Santiago,
or imported and bonded at any other port of the
United States, and transported thence in bond, and
duly rewarehoused at Point Isabel in pursuance
of the provisions of the warehousing law of Au-
gust sixth, eighteen hundred and forty-six, may be
Withdrawn from warehouse at any time within two
years from the date of original importation into
the United States For immediate exportation, with-
out payment of duties under the provisions of the
warehousing act aforesaid, to ports and places in
Mexico, by land or water, or partly by land and
partly by water, or by such routes as may be des-
ignated by the Secretary of the Treasury.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That any im-
ported merchandise duly entered and bonded at
any port of the United States may be withdrawn
from warehouse at any time within two years from
the date ofimportation without payment of duties,
in pursuance of the provisions of the warehousing
law of sixth August, eighteen hundred and forty-
six, for immediate exportation for San Fernando,
Paso del Norte, and Chihuahua, in Mexico,
through the port of La Vaca, in the collection dis-
trict of Saluria,in the State of Texas, and be tran-
shipped inland, thence to San Antonio, in said
State, and from the latter place to the destinations
in Mexico aforesaid, either by way of Eagle Pass,
the Presidio del Norte, and San Elizario, all on
the Rio Grande: and the Secretary of the Treas-
ury shall be, and is hereby, authorized to prescribe
such regulations not inconsistent with law as he
may deem proper and necessary respecting the
packing, marking, inspection, proof of due deliv-
ery at their foreign destinations of the imports
authorized by this and the foregoing section of
this act, to be exported from the warehouse to
ports and places in Mexico, and for the due pro-
tection in other respects of the public revenue.
Sec. 3. And be it farther enacted, That the Sec-
retary of the Treasury shall appoint inspectors of
the customs to reside at San Antonio, EaglePass,
the Presidio del Norte and San Elizario, or at such
other points on the routes as he may designate,
not exceeding four in number, who shall each re-
ceive an annual salary of two hundred and fifty
dollars, and who shall make a report semi-annu-
ally to the Secretary of the Treasury, of all the
trade that passes under inspection, stating the
number of packages, description of goods, their
value, and the names of the exporters.
Sec. 4. And be it farther enacted, That no goods,
wares, or merchandise, exported out of the limits
of the United States, according to the provisions of
this act, shall be voluntarily landed or brought
into the United States; and on being so landed or
brought into the United States, they shall be for-
feited, and the same proceedings shall be had for
their condemnation, and the distribution of the
proceeds of their sales, as in other cases of forfeit-
ure of goods illegally imported; and every person
concerned in the voluntary landing or bringing
such goods into the United States, shall be liable
to a penalty of four hundred dollars.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That all acts
and parts of acts inconsistent with the provisions
of the foregoing act, be, and the same are hereby,
repealed.
Approved, August 30, 1852.
the same to be ready in the shortest possible
time.
Approves), August 30, 1852.
Public, XLIX.—An Act to provide for a Tri-
tMonthly Mail from New Orleans to Vera Cruz,
Tampico, and back, in Steam-Vessels.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Postmaster General be, and he
is hereby, authorized and directed to enter into a
contract for a term of five years, and for a sum not
exceeding one hundred thousand dollars a year,
with such person or persons as may offer sufficient
and satisfactory security, after due public notice,
for the transportation of the mails of the United
States, upon the best terms for the United States,
three times a month from New Orleans, via Tam-
pico, to Vera Cruz, and back, in steam-vessels, of
not less than eight hundred tons burden, of the
best form of construction, adapted to war pur-
poseg,and to the navigation ofthesouthern waters,
Public, L.—An Aet to amend the act entitled C( An.
act to Reduce and Modify the Rates of Postage in
the United States, and for other purposes,"passed
March third, eighteen hundred and fifty-one.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That from and after the thirtieth day of
September, eighteen hundred and fifty-two, the
postage upon ail printed matter passing through
the mail of the United States, instead of the rates
now charged, shall be as follows, to wit; Each
newspaper, periodical, unsealed circular, or other
article of printed matter, not exceeding three ounces
in weight, shall be sent to any part of the United
States for one cent, and for every additional ounce,
or fraction of an ounce, one cent additional shall
be charged; and when the postage uponanynews-
paper or periodica! is paid quarterly or yearly in
advance at the office where the said periodical or
newspaper is delivered, or is paid yearly or quar-
terly in advance at the office where the same is
mailed, and evidence of such payment is furnished
to the office of delivery in such manner as the Post
Office Department shall by general regulations pre-
scribe, one half of said rates only shall be charged.
Newspapers and periodicals not weighing over one
ounce and a half, when circulated in the State where
published, shall be charged one half of the rates be-
forementioned: Provided, That small newspapers
and periodicals, published monthly or oftener, and
pamphlets not containing more than sixteen octavo
pages each, when sent in single packages, weigh-
ing at least eight ounces, to one address, and pre-
paid by affixing postage stamps thereto, shall be
charged only one half of a'cent for each ounce or
fraction of an ounce, notwithstanding the postage
calculated on each separate article of such package
would exceed that amount. The postage on all
transient matter shall be prepaid by stamps or
otherwise, or shall be charged double the rates
first abovementioned.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That books,
bound or unbound, not weighing over four pounds,
shall be deemed mailable matter, and shall be
chargeable with postage at one cent an ounce for
all distances under three thousand miles, and two
cents an ounce for all distances over three thousand
miles, to which fifty per cent, shall be added in all
cases where the same may be sent without being
prepaid, and all printed matter chargeable by
weight shall be weighed when dry. The publish-
ers of newspapers and periodicals may send to
each other from their respective offices of publica-
tion, free of postage, one copy of each publication;
and may also send to each actual subscriber, in-
closed in their publications, bills and receipts for
the same, free of postage. The publishers of
weekly newspapers may send to each actual sub-
scriber within the county where their papers are
printed and published one copy thereof free of
postage.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That no news-
paper, periodical, magazine, or other printed paper
or matter, shall be entitled to be sent at the rates
of postage in this act specified, unless the following
conditions be observed:
First. It shall be sent without any cover or
wrapper, or in a cover or wrapper open at the ends
or sides, so that the character of the matter con-
tained therein may be determined without remov-
ing such wrapper. Second. There shall be no
word or communication printed on the same after
its publication, or upon the cover or wrapper
, thereof, nor any writing or marks upon it, nor
| upon the cover or wrapper thereof, except the
| name and address of the person to whom it is to
| be sent. Third. There shall be no paper or other
i thing inclosed in or with such printed paper; and
j if these conditions are not complied with, such
i printed matter shall be subject to letter postage;
! and all matter sent by mail from one part of the
| United States to another, the postage of which is
! not fixed by the provisions of this act, shall, un-
I less the same be entitled to be sent free of postage,
: be charged with letter postage.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That if the pub-
lisher of any periodical, after being three months
previously notified that his publication is not taken
out of the office to which it is sent for delivery,
continue to forward such publication in the mail,
the postmaster to whose office such publication is
sent may dispose of the same for the postage, un-
less the publisher shall pay it} and whenever any
printed matter of any description, received during
one quarter of the fiscal year, shall have remained
in the office without being called for during the
whole of any succeeding quarter, the postmaster
at such office shall sell the same and credit the pro-
ceeds of such sale in his quarterly accounts, under
such regulations and after such notice as the Post
Office Department shall prescribe.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That so much
of the second section of the act entitled "An act
to modify and reduce the rates of postage in the
United States, and for other purposes," approved
March third, eighteen hundred and fifty-one, as
relates to the postage or free circulation or trans-
mission of newspapers, periodicals, and other
printed matter, and all other provisions of law
inconsistent with the provisions of this act are
hereby repealed.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That when a
list of uncalled-for letters shall be published in any
newspaper printed in any foreign language, said
list shall be published in such newspaper having
the largest circulation within the range of delivery
of said office.
Approved, August 30, 1852.
Public, LI.—An Act for the Relief of the Wilming-
ton and Manchester Railroad Company.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, authomed and directed to extend
the time of payment of all duties, except only the
amount due in fees to custom-house officers, upon
all iron rails, spikes, bolts, fastenings, and other
iron necessary for the construction of the Wil-
mington and Manchester Railroad, now or here-
after to be imported at the ports of Wilmington,
North Carolina, and Charleston, South Carolina,
by the Wilmington and Manchester Railroad
Company, to be used on said road for the term of
four years: Provided, That before the delivery
of said iron spikes, rails, bolts, fastenings as above,
the payment of the said duties so suspended by
this act shall be secured by the bonds of the said
company, with good personal security, to be ap-
proved by the United States district judges for the
States of North and South Carolina: Arid provided
also, That so soon as such portion of said railroad
shall be completed as will render it expedient in
the judgment of the Postmaster General to contract
with said company for the transportation of the
mail along the route of said road and upon said
road, the Postmaster General do make a contract
with said company to carry the mail as aforesaid,
within such rates as are charged by other railroad
companies, and that all such sums as may arise in
favor of said company for the carriage of the mail
as aforesaid, within tKe said term of four years,
shall be reserved by the Postmaster General for
the benefit of the Treasury, and applied as they
fall due towards the payment and satisfaction of
the bonds of said company to be executed by them
for the payment of the duties aforesaid.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That before
the said company shall be entitled to the benefits
of this act, they shall enter into an agreement to
transport the mails of the United States upon the
terms and conditions prescribed by law, and the
regulations of the Post Office Department made
in pursuance thereof; Provided, That the bonds
to be executed to secure the payment of the duties
suspended by this act shall be so drawn as to se-
cure the payment of interest on said duties at the
rate of six per centum.
Approved, August 30, 1852.
Public, LI I.—An Act to create an additional Land
Office in the Territory of Minnesota.
Be it-enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives oj the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That so much of the public lands of the
United States, in the Territory of Minnesota, east
of the Mississippi river, and west of the range line
between ranges twenty-seven and twenty-ei^ht
west, and that portion west of the Mississippi
river, in said Territory, lying north of the nearest
township line where the above-mentioned range
