734
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 12,
J
that history he knows that the Hon. William L.
Sharkey, the appointee of Millard Fillmore as
consul to the ctty of Havana, was among those
who put forth this address—put his signature to
this language, and indorsed it to the people of
Mississippi. To this point the Southern move-
ment progressed. This Mississippi convention
advised the convention of the Southern States.
Virginia responded to that call, so did Georgia
an£ Alabama, and Louisiana, and Arkansas, and
Texas. Aye, even Tennessee came in, slowly
and reluctantly, it is true, but still she comes 
Mr. POLK. To save the Republic.
Mr. BROWN. Yes, sir, Tennessee went into
the Nashville Convention to save the Republic,
and so did Mississippi.
Mr. SCURRY. If the gentleman will permit
me to interrupt him.
Mr. BROWN. Very briefly.
Mr. SCURRY. The gentleman who attended
from Texas did so against the large majority of
the district which he represented. A majority of
that district voted directly and flatly against the
convention.
Mr. BROWN. Well, I am riot going to inquire
how delegates came to be there. I speak of history
as it is. Texas was represented in the convention,
whether by her authority I do not know, and what
is more, at this time I do not care. It is not ma-
terial. The Nashville Convention, in obedience
to this call, and in pursuance of these proceedings,
assembled. This was another step in the prog-
ress of the Southern movement. Up to this time,
if there was any strenuous objection to it any-
where, I, at least, was not aware of it. Here
and there an exception may have been found—
here and there a newspaper editor might be found
to oppose it; but the great mass of the Southern
politicians—and as far as I could judge of the
Southern people—Whigs and Democrats—were
for it. They were for it without distinction as to
party. The convention assembled. It elected
Hon. William L. Sharkey, of my own State—
the head and front of Mississippi Unionism—to
preside over its deliberations. He did preside.
That convention put forth an address to the peo-
ple, followed by a series of resolutions, asserting
certain propositions upon which the Southern peo-
ple ought to insist. Still, sir, there was no for-
midable objection either to the convention, or to
what it said or did. The progress of the move-
ment still seemed to be onward. Soon afterwards
the compromise measures began to attract attention
in the country and in Congress. A feeling of trep-
idation seemed to steal over Senators and Repre-
sentatives. Here and there an old advocate of the
NashvilleConvention—onewho had looked to itas
the source from which a panacea was to come for all
wounds and bruises, and putnfying sores, gradual-
ly fell off. I might call names if I did not wish to
avoid involving myself in a discussion with too
many gentlemen at the same time. With the falling
off of these early and sturdy advocates commenced
the decline in the Southern movement—and with
the passage of the compromise, I mark the first
distinct evidence of its decay.
In November, 1850, after the compromise meas-
ures had passed, a Union Convention, the first ever
held to my knowledge in the United States—cer-
tainly the first ever held in my own State—was
assembled at the city of Jackson, the seat of <ro«-
ernment of Mississippi. It was not a Southern-
Rights Convention; it was not a State-Rights Con-
vention; it w.is not a Wlug Convention; it was not
a Democratic Convention; it was a Union Con-
vention, so it was called, and so it assembled. It
was in advance of any other political organization
in the State of Mississippi, or any other State,
growing, so far as I know, out of the compromise.
It rose as if from the ashes of the Southern move-
ment in Mississippi. It was made up of the con-
sistent few who opposed, and of theereaternumber
who seceded from the Southern movement. With
the assemblage of this convention in Mississippi, I
date the downfall of the Southern movement m
that State; a fall which was rapidly succeeded by
its downfall elsewhere. Virginia determined to
acquiesce in the measures of the compromise*
Georgia acquiesced; Alabama and the other States
in the South followed suit, or were silent. To the
Union Convention of Mississippi belongs the
credit, if credit it be, of striking the first fatal blow
at the Southern movement. Prom this moment it
rapidly declined. The movement I regard as dead.
It died at the hands of its early friends—its fath-
ers. It is now very dead; and if I were called
upon to write its epitaph, I would inscribe upon
the stone that marked its burial place, Requiescat
in pace. I will not make merry over the tomb of
an old friend. I loved this movement. 1 be-
lieved it was, in its day, full of patriotism, full of
devotion to the best interests of the country, and
eminently calculated to preserve the Union, be-
cause it was eminently calculated to preserve' the
rights of the States within the Union. But it has
passed away. A witty friend, in speaking of its
buoyant rise, its rapid progress, and its early de-
cay, described it as being like Billy Pringle's pig:
" When it lived, it lived in clover,
And when it died, it died all over."
[Laughter.]
When those who had been chiefly instrumental
iij getting up this movement abandoned it, could
we be made longer responsible for it? They
brought it into being, and by their hands it fell;
and now they turn upon us, denounce it as a mon-
ster, and charge its sole paternity on us. We
assume our due share of the responsibility, and
they shall take theirs.
The Southern movement was, 1 repeat, the joint
work of both parties acting together. This is his-
tory. If there was any rivalry, it was as to which
party was entitled to the most credit. There was
in this movement a fusion of parties. But upon
all the old issues each party maintained its sepa-
rate organization. And when the Southern move-
ment was abandoned each was free to resume its
original position.
The Whigs did not return to their position.
They halted by the wayside, and by the aid of a
few Democrats, formed the Union party. It was
a party not demanded by the exigencies of the
hour; but called into existence to subserve the
views of particular men. This brings me to con-
sider the present organization of parties in my
State.
My colleague [Mr. Wilcox] the other day, in
what I considered rather bad taste—although I
certainly shall not undertake to lecture him upon
matters of taste—spoke of a bare minority—of
almost a majority of the people of our State as
attempting to sneak back into the Democratic
ranks. That was the language employed. In
speaking of the State-Rights men of 1832, after
their separation from General Jackson, he said:
"They stood aloof from the party, in armed neutiality,
in the only State where they had a majority ; and in States
where tht;y wi:re in the minority, geneiaily acted with the
Whig party in opposition to the Democrats. They did not
after their defeat attempt to sneak back into the Democratic
party under the style of old line Democrats, as the seces-
sionists of the present day are attempting to do."
Now, I shall undertake to demonstrate that the
State-Rights party of Mississippi were never
out of the ranks of the Democratic party, and that
by no act of their's have they ever put themselves
beyond the pale of that party; and therefore there
was no occasion fop>them to march back, even with
banners flying,and much less for them to "sneak
back," in the language of my colleague. Who
were they that put themselves first out of the
pale of the Democratic party? It was my col-
league and his associates. In November, 1850,
they assembled together in what they certainly
did not call a Democratic Convention. They as-
sembled in a Union Convention, and passed what
they were pleased to term Union resolutions.
They formed a Union organization, independent
of the Democratic party, and equally independent,
of the Whig party. They did more than that.
They chose, as the especial organ of that party—
the particular mouth-piece of that political organ-
ization, the leading Whig organ at the seat of
government. I ask if it is not so? It is true they
took down the name of the paper. It was called
the "Southron." That title no longer suited their
purpose, and they called it the Flag of the Union.
Rut they left the old Whig editor to conduct it.
True it is that they associated with him a so-called
Union Democrat. And it is equally true that the old
line Whig and the new line Democrat yet conduct
that journal. From this point, the unhappy contro-
versy which has continued in Mississippi, took its
progress. The Democratic party became divided.
But there can be no difficulty "in deciding who
kept up the old organization. The newspaper j
press of the State gives always a pretty clear in-
dication as to how parties stand. If there is i
one single, solitary Whig paper in the State of
Mississippi that has not kept the Union flag fly-
ing at its mast-head from the opening of the°con-
test down to this hour, I ask ijiy colleague to say
which one it is. If there was a Democratic
paper in the State of one year's standing that did
not take the State Rights side, wilh but a single
exception, the Columbus Democrat, and keep it, I
do not know where it is to be found. Who seems
from these facts to have been getting out of the
Democratic party—my colleague, who is sustained
by the Whig press, or I, who have been and am
yet sustained by the Democratic press?
More than this. The Union party called a con-
vention in April, 1851. It was to be, by the terms
of the call, a Union Convention—mark you, it was
not a Democratic Convention, it was not a Whig
Convention,but itwasaUnion Convention. What
did it do? Did it nominate Democrats for office?
It made four nominations, and two of them were
Democrats by name, and two of them were open
and avowed Whigs. It did not assemble as a
Democratic Convention. It did not sit as a Dem-
ocratic Convention. It did not make Democratic
nominations. It nominated two Whigs and two
Democrats, and my colleague voted the ticket thus
nominated. Who was it, let me ask, that, follow-
ing after strange gods, thus put himself outside
the Democratic party; and who is he that, in com-
ing back, will have occasion to sneak into the
ranks ?
The State-Rights party, or the Democratic
States-Rights party, as it is termed in our State,
assembled in Convention in June. What did th ey
do? They made their nominations, and they se-
lected their nominees from the old line Democracy.
General John A. Quitman was made our stand-
ard-bearer. I was surprised the other day to hear
my colleague going back to 3824 and 1828, to find
the evidence of Quitman's want of fidelity to true
Democratic principles. Something has been said
about a statute of limitation. Whether the late
distinguished nominee of the Democracy of Mis-
sissippi requires a statute of limitation, I cer-
tainly do not know. If he voted for John Quincy
Adams in 1824 and 1828, and has since seen the
error of his way, where is the Democrat who will
not forgive him? Where is the Mississippi Demo-
crat who has not forgiven him ? But we have his
own word for saying, that he did not vote for John
Quincy Adams in 1824. He did not vote for him
in 1828. He was always a State-Rights man of
the strictest sect; and upon the issuing of General
Jackson's proclamation against South Carolina,
he, like hundreds sind thousands of others who
had been always faithful to the standard of the old
hero, abandoned him; and they returned to him in
their own good time. But if it be so grave an
offense in the Democrats of Mississippi to have
nominated a gentleman who voted (allowing the
charge of my friend to be true) for John Quincy
Adams in 1824, and again in 1828, what shall my
friend say of Governor Foote. He claims to be a
better Democrat than anybody else; and yet he held
the only office that he ever did hold at the hands of
the people in Mississippi, until he was elected Gov-
ernor, from the Whigs of the county of Hinds, and
that so late as 1838-'9. Yes; my friend forgot that,
in 1838, Governor Foote run as a Whig, was elected
as a Whig, and served as a Whig, in our Legisla-
ture. So, upon the score of consistency, I think,
allowing my friend's statements to be true, we stand
quite as well as he does. And I submit to my col-
league whetherit is not a little too late forhim, or
for his friend, the Governor of the—I was going to
say Union party, but he is Governor of the State by
the constitution—to complain of Governor Quit-
man 's want of Democracy. Did not both you and
Governor Foote vote for Quitman for Governor in
1849 ? Did not Governor Foote put forth, orjaid
in putting forth, a pamphlet m this city, urging
the claims of this same John A. Quitman for the
Vice Presidency? Yes, sir, so late as 1848 he
recommended him, as a man worthy of trust, to the
whole Democracy of the Union. Yet my friend
lays charges against his political orthodoxy, dated
as far back as 1824 and 1828—twenty years be-
yond the time when he received the indorsement
of Governor Foote and nearly one third of the
whole Democracy of theUnion; twentv-one years
beyond the time when he received the indorse-
ment of Mississippi for Governor, and my friend's
vote for the same office. If the'indorsementof the
National Democracy in 1848—if the indorsement
