1646
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 2,
On motion by Mr. MASON", the Senate con-
curred iff the following amendment of the House
of Representatives;
*e Proved, kotoever, That any party who shall desire to
avail himself< f the provisions of the said eighth section,
shall notify the Secretary of the Treasury thereof, within
five davs from the passage of this act, or from the date of
said award of the commissioner to adjust the claim against
Brazil.
LAND OFFICE IN MICHIGAN.
. On the motion of Mr. PELCH, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider, as in Committee of the Whole,
the biH to establish an additional land office in
Michigan. It provides for a new district, to be
called the " Manitou Land District," and the ap-
pointment of a register and receiver of the public
moneys.
Several verbal amendments having been made,
on the motion of Mr. FELCH, the bill was re-
ported to the Senate, the amendments were con-
curred in, and the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time.
PUBLIC EXPENSES IN DES MOINES, IOWA.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. Mr. President, I move
that the Senate dispense with the previous order,
to take up and consider, at this time, Senate bill
No. 406, reported by the Senator from Louisiana,
[Mr. Downs,] by the unanimous consent of the
Committee on the Judiciary.
This bill provides for the payment of a claim of
the county of Des Moines, m the State of Iowa,
which I think eminently just, and which should
have been paid Ions: since.
Mr. DAWSON. I hope the Senate will pro-
ceed to consider the bills upon the Calendar.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I hope my friend from
Georgia will not interpose any objection to con-
sider the bill, as I am quite confident there will be
no discussion upon the subject, the report having
been for some time upon our tables, and the case
being one of so clear a character as set forth by
the report, which 1 hope will be read, if he or any
Senator shall desire it. The bill only provides for
remunerating the county of Des Moines for the
payment, by that county, of theordinary expenses
incurred in holding the courtsof the United States,
under the territorial government of Wisconsin,
which tlw?n embraced the present Slate of Iowa,
from the year 1836 up to the close of the year 1843.
Tins bill only proposes to pay to Des Moines
county, Iowa, for court expenses, which, under
precisely similar circumstances, have always been
paid to all other counties in the other Territories
of the United States, under the interpretation given
to the acts creating the Territories, by the account-
ing officers of the Treasury. But, as I gave as-
surance, Mr. President, that the bill should not
consume many moments of time, I will not say
another word m its behalf, and especially a& I have
made use of my privilege of communing with
Sen«i(o]s on (he subject privately.
The motion to take up the bill was ngieed to;
and it was read a second time, and considered as
in Committee of the Whole. It proposes to au-
thorize the Secretary of the Interior to examine
the claim presented by the county of Des Moines,
in the State of Iowa, and if, upon such examina-
tion, he is satisfied that,, prior to the first day of
January, 1844, the said county has paid money
which, in accordance with the instructions of the
First Comptroller of the Treasury, dated Decem-
ber 19th, 1843, should have b( en paid by the mar-
shal of the United States for said Territory, he is
directed to audit and allow the same, and the
amount is diiected to be paid.
The bill was reported to the 'Senate without
amendment, and was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time. It was subsequently read a
third time and passed.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. BORLAND, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to which was referred the bill from the
House of Representatives to release from reser-
vation and restore to the mass of public lands, cer-
tain lands in the State of Arkansas, reported back
the same without amendment.
After a brief explanation of the action of the
committee, the bill was read a third time and
passed.
Mr. FELCH, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to which were referred the following bills
from the House of Representatives, reported the
same back without ameudment:
An act to supply a deficiency to the State of In-
diana in a township of land granted to said State
for the use of a State University, by an act of
Congress, approved April 19, 1816; and
An act to appropriate lands for the support of
schools in certain townships and fractional town-
ships, in the Territory of Minnesota, not hereto-
fore provided for.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the bill from the House of Repre-
sentatives to extend the provisions of an act, ap-
proved March 3, 1847, and an act approved Feb-
ruary 26, 1849, for carrying into effect the exist-
ing compacts with the States of Alabama and
Mississippi, in relation to the five per cent, fund
and the school reservations, reported it back with
an amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to which
were referred the petition of John A. Butin, and
the petition of Hosea B. Horn and John J. Sel-
man, asked to be discharged from the further con-
| sideration thereof; which was agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, from the Committee on
Pensions, to which were referred the documents
in relation to the claim of Thomas B. Parsons,
asked to be discharged from the further consider-
ation thereof, and that they ,be referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs-, which was agreed
to.
Mr. ADAMS, from the Committee on Claims,
to which was referred the petition of John M. Mc-
intosh, submitted a report, accompanied by a bill
for his relief; which was read, and passed to the
second reading. The report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr SHIELDS, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to which was referred the petition of
Langdon C. Easton, assistant quarteimaster m
the United States Army, submitted a report,
accompanied by a bill for his relief; which was
read, and passed to the second leading. The
report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. WADE, from the Committee on Claims,
to which was referred the petition of Peter N.
Patllett submitted a report, accompanied by a
bill for his relief; which was read, and passed to
the second reading. The report was ordered to
be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the petition of the legal represent-
atives of Sylvester Day, submitted a report, ac-
companied by a bill for their relief; which was
read, and passed to the second reading. The re-
port was ordered to be printed.
! He also, from the same committee, to which
I was referred the petition of Andrew Russmussen,
j submitted an adverse report; which was'ordered
i to be printed.
! BILL PASSED.
! The engrossed bill to amend an act entitled
" An act aufhoiiztng the sale of certain military
sites," approved Aiaich 3, 1819, was read a third
i time and passed.
Z. F. JOHNSTON.
1 On motion by Mr. GWIN, the Senate proceeded
, to consider, as in Committee of the Whole, the
| bill for the relief of Z. F. Johnston.
| It proposes to direct theproperaccountingofficer
1 of the Treasury to audit and pay the accounts of
' Commandei Z. F. Johnston, of the United States
Navy, for the necessary and proper personal
i expenses incutred by him at San Francisco, Cal-
! lfornia, while waiting duty under orders, and
i compelled to live on shore between the 20th of
| November, 1848, and the 21st of April, 1849.
! The report of the Committee on Naval Affairs
■ was read, from which it appears that Commander
. Johnston, then at Norfolk, Virginia, was ordered
i on the 10th April, 1848, by the Secretary of the
; Navy, to proceed to the Pacific ocean and report
j to Thomas Ap Catesby Jones for duty in the
j squadron under his command. In compliance
' with this order. Commander Johnston reached
' San Francisco on the 20th of November, 1848, and
reported for duty a few days thereafter. Com-
j modore Jones declined to assign him to duty, but
j detained him, waiting orders. His reasons for so
j doing were given in his letter to Commander
[Johnston, dated January 27, 1852, in which he
\ stated, that Commander Johnston was not placed
[ in command on joining; the Pacific squadron, be-
j cause there was no ship or station there at that
i time without a commander\ he also stated, that
he wished to keep in reserve a reliable commander
to meet any emergency that might happen in the
squadron; and that by remaining on shore, Com-
mander Johnston would occupy a good position
for apprehending deserters from the squadron,
thus rendering desertions less liable to occur.
Commander Johnston was thus detained on shore
waiting orders under expenses, far exceeding his
pay. The committee reported the bill to reim-
burse the expenses to which he had been put.
The bill was reported to the Senate, and was
ordered to be engrossed and read a third time. It
was subsequently read a third time, and passed.
EXPENSE OF SOUTH CAROLINA IN THE
FLORIDA WAR.
Mr. DE SAUSSURE. Mr. President, I ask
the indulgence of the Senate to take up the bill to
indemnify the State of South Carolina for money
expended for the use of the United States in the
war in Florida with the Seminole Indians. This
bill was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and has been reported by that committee
unanimously 1 believe. I do not think that any.
objection will be made to the bill, or that it will
give rise to discussion. I ask the indulgence of
the Senate to take it up now and put it upon its
passage.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the bill as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It proposes to require the
Secretary of War to pay to the State of South
Carolina such sums of money as were paid by
that State in 1838, 1839, and *1840 for services,
losses, and damages sustained by her volunteers
in the Florida war of 1836, 1837, and 1838, while
in the service of the United States, and on their
return from that service, as were ascertained and
allowed by a board of commissioners appointed
for that purpose by an act of the Legislature of
South Carolina m 1837.
The Committee on Military Affairs propose to
amend the bill by adding the following proviso:
Provided, however, That no interest shall be allowed
upon the moneys paid to the State ot South Carolina under
the provisions of this bill.
The amendment was agreed to, the bill was re-
ported to the Senate as amended, the amendment
was concurred in, and the bill was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time. It was subse-
quently read a third time and passed.
IRA DAY.
The Senate proceeded to consider the bill for the
relief of Ira Day.
The PRESIDENT. The indorsement upon
this bill is, that an amendment was made in Com-
mittee of the Whole, on the motion of the Sena-
tor from Virginia, striking out the provision for
the allowance of interest When the bill was re-
ported to the Senate thatamendment was disagreed
to. The bill, therefore, stands as it was reported,
and the cjnesfion is on ordering it to be engrossed
for a thud reading".
Air. HUNTER. I have already discussed this
question, and I was willing to allow the bill to pass
if it did not contain the provision in relation to
interest. It seems to me that it is introducing a
dangerous principle, and in some respects a new
one; but I am not disposed now to renew that
question. Ail I shall ask is, that we may have
the yeas and nays upon the passage of the bill. I
understand that the bill now provides for the pay-
ment of interest upon this debt. I shall, there-
fore, ask for the yeas and nays upon its passage.
Mr. BORLAND. I would like to hear the bill
read.
It was accordingly read, as follows:
Be it cnacted, $c.. That the Postmaster General is here-
by authorized and required to pa\ to Ira Day, of Vermont,
.<•1,008 90, together with the mteiest thereon, ftorn the
fir?t d;iv of July, 5S37, out of the fund-* of the Pott Office
Depaitnicnt, in full for the balance due to imn fortiar.s-
ponine the mail from ftoyahon to liurlinprton, in the State
of Veunont, from Janiiaiy, 1803, to July, 1837.
Mr. BADGER. Mr. President, I am exceeding-
ly sorry that the Senator from Virginia should
find a great principle involved in this small appio-
priation, standing in the way of doing what is
manifestly right and just. I am very sorry for it.
The case, in a few words, is this: This man was
a contractor to carry the mail. Mr. Barry, the
Postmaster General, finding himself in want of
funds, it being inconvenient for the Department
to meet its engagements, issued an order suspend-
ing the running of the mails one day m seven,
