1648
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 2.
December, 1834, (the order haying been given in
the preceding November,) that the discontinuance
of the Sunday mail to Burlington had taken effect.
He went on voluntarily carrying this mail, and
passengers, too, doubtless, on Sunday. He went
on without giving any notice to the Department
whatever—without making any claim upon the
Department until his term had expired, nearly
three years afterwards, in 1837. He then came
forwar<l~and made a claim against the Govern-
ment,although he had, as far as the Goverment
could know—as far as the Postmaster General
could Know—as far as there was any evidence in
the office, assented to the order. He went on
upon the representation of these parties that he
would be recompensed hereafter. But he never
communicated to the Postmaster General—nor
was there any communication to the Postmaster
General—-that the order hud not been complied
with during the whole period; nor was any claim
made on the Department until the contract had
entirely expired,™ 3837—a period of nearly three
years. Hence the cases are totally distinct.
This contractor made no protest. He assented
to the right of the Postmaster General to make
the order. He represents, however, in his peti-
tion, that he was induced to go on and carry the
mail during the remainder of the term of the con-
tract on Sundays, which the Postmaster General
directed him not to do, by the wishes of the in-
habitants of the neighborhood, and at the solicit-
ation of the local postmasters, who told him that
they had no doubt he would be compensated.
But he took care not to communicate to the De-
partment the fact (hat he had not obeyed the
ordeV, and was carrying the mail in defiance of
the order, and expecting compensation for it.
The two eases, therefore, are essentially different.
In the case of Caldwell, ho protested at the time;
he objected to it at the time This contractor did
not do so. He went on quiescently, in the igno-
rance of the Postmaster General; and it was only
after the contract expired, that he came forward
to make any claim. I ask, then, whether in a
case—a doubtful case if you will—as to the con-
struction of a power, but which power had been
universally exercised anterior to that time, where
the propriety of the exercise of the power was
sustained by the judgment of the then able Attor-
ney General of the United States, we are to pay
interest ? This change was made, as it was made
throughout the country, on public grounds; the
party assented to it; he made no objection to it;
a certificate was given by the postmaster at Roy-
alton that the party had discontinued; and the
papers show that lie stopped the mail for two or
three days, but afterwards resumed it, without
communicating with the Department, at the mere
solicitation of the surrounding neighborhood, so
putting the mere will of the local population
against the express order of the officer of tlie Gov-
ernment, who was entitled to give his order in
reference to the subject-matter. I ask, then,
whether this is a case for compensation at all,
much less a case for the allowance of interest
I did not intend to have touched upon the ques-
tion of compensation in this case, (theamount not
being great,) had the interest not been restored to
the bill. But it seems to me that it is assuming
very bold ground indeed, to tell us, in the face of
the opinion which 1 have read, that this is a case
of plain outrage—that the Government, has re-
tained ie the Department a liquidated sum due j
the party without cause, or without any power
whatever; and that we are therefore bound to pay
interest. I am not willing tn concede this; 1 can-
not agree with the .Senator from jYorth Carolina.
If the Senate determine, contrary to the opinion
of Mr. LegarS, that this is a case in which the
Postmaster General exercised a doubtful power,
or even exceeded his power, still, if it is a case of
mere doubt, it is clear that it is not a case for the
allowance of interest,. It must be recollected that
the party went on; he acquiesced m the order, as
far ss he made any communication to the Depart-
ment; he made no subsequent application till his
contract had expired; he went on and received
his money according to the order for curtailed ser-
vice down to 1837. But, after 1837, he came for-
ward, and on the representation of the postmaster
at Royalton, and other citizens of the neighbor-
hood, he asked the Postmaster General to com-
pensate him for running the mail on Sunday,
•onirary to order. The Postmaster General de-
clined doing so, on the ground that the party was
not entitled to it; because the order had directed
a discontinuance; and he had discontinued in obe-
dience to the order, and subsequently revived it
without any authority at all.
Supposing, then, that the right to discontinue
were even doubtful, is it a case in which interest
ought to be allowed ? I do not mean now to go
into a discussion of the question of interestat large.
Perhaps at some future day, and on some other
occasion, I shall endeavor to sustain the general
view which I entertain on the subject of the pay-
ment of interest by the Government—which is,
that in no case, except the case of a special agree-
ment to pay interest, will my vote ever be given
for the payment of interest on a claim against the
United States. I know no principle that could
sustain it. It is contrary to the doctrine and prac-
tice of all otherGovernments, as well ad our own.
On the question of interest, I beg leave to refer to
two opinions of the same able officer from whom
1 have already quoted. They are not very long,
and one of them is very important in its statement
of the principles on which interest is to be granted.
One is to be found on page 1478, of the same vol-
ume of Opinions of the Attorneys General, from
which I shall only read one extract, in which he
merely states the principle and the practice. He
says;
a There may be cases in which I might tlnrik the head
of a Department authorized to allow interest, but they
would he rare find singular exceptions. What featme is
there m tlu*> case which is not to he found in every case ot i
dtiiay, not caused by the claimant himself in settling an ae i
count? If a itiistake of law on the pail of an accounting
officer, leading to the rejection of an Uem, reticle is the Gov-
ernment habit; tu pay inteiest on a reconsidotahon of the
ca<e, why should r.m any other mistake or laches of its offi-
cers have the same elieet ?
"But nothing i* better established, as a geneial mle,
than that the Government h not to pay d.imngr< ui such ;
eases - a stern hut necessary iuIc adopted e\ery where in ,
the practice ot Government." ;
The other opinion to which I refer, is to he ;
found on pages 155J> and 1560 of the same vol- j
ume, which is somewhat more extended, and goes '
somewhat more into the subject. This opinion
was given on the case of Cogswell. Mr. Lagan* j
says: " ;■
"The state ot the ease is, that, in parsing .Mr. Cogs- ■'
well's accounts, allowances weie refused him which ought
to have been made, from a mistaken view of tiie law on |
the part of the executive officers. ;'
" Jt is admitted that the (iovenutiont ought nor, m sen- !:
oral, to pay interest in the absence ot special*contiaet to that ^
efl'cct. ft is admitted that this i«.a stern but necessary rnli-, j -
and applies to the vast majority of ea^es, notwithstanding '
the equitable puneiple that mtoiest Is* an incident to the i
debt. Then, why should the Government he «nbj'eeted to j
the payment of interest in aea-e m which it> delay to pay ■;
the principal was owing to nbonu fide conviction on the ji
part of Us otficeis that it was not due : Such a mistake i;
rather fortifies the ease of the Government; for interest is {'
due, not only because the money of one man is m the
hands of anothei when payment of it might have been de- Ji
manded, hut because that oihei 1 ^ presumed to have made, i'
or ought, ui common puidenc, to have made advantage !'
by it. !
.Vow, if he th' u<;ht if hi-* on rt, ami h,.d gnod /ea-on to
think <o, it l- evident he was not hound, as trustee for an- 1
othejjto turn it to account for ins ptoftt. Aeeotdirigly, !
though in geneial an executor i* bound, altera reasonable !'
delav, to pa> interest on all biun> received by him, yet he i
j*i not charged with interest for a balance m his hands ic- •
tamed under a lair misapprehension ot his light — (1 \1 \ c- |
soy, H86—Brewer is. Pembeiton. .See LoidEldonV rea- j
soiling in that ease.) j
lk ff, therefor*;, mere delay to pay money due, and even i'
delay fioin lactics of us agents, does notrendet the Gov- ■ '
eminent liable to pav interest, much les-* ought it to be !
made liable by a fair misappieheiwon of its lights on the 1
part of these agents. There can be no doubt that the well- i
established equitable principle between man and man is, i
m geneial. the othei way The exception in favor of the
Government lias been established by the policy of society, i'
and for the protection of the public, which, beside-? being
cspo^ed to imposition, is no man's negotiorvm gnfor.
u] am hound to adhere to the course of the Executive i.
Department, until Congress shall see fit to change it."
I submit that the principle here stated is sound; ■
and that any attempt to apply the doctrine of the j
allowance of interest, as obtaining between indi-
vid'ialsjto the relation existing between the citi- !'
zen and the Government, or ihe subject and the ;
Government, will only lead to extreme error. IVo j'
gentleman who discusses the question ever denies
the general principle, as a necessary rule, that in- !'
terest is not allowable against a Government, ex- |
cept in cases of special contract to that effect. If p
yoa are to avoid the rule in exceptional cases, !;
you ought, at least, to have some stronger case :
than the one now before you. It would be a dan- ji
gerous discretion to exercise at best, for a mo-i,'
ment to depart from that rule. What rule are C
you to abide by? Is it private compassion for the
individual? Is it personal partiality to the indi-
vidual ? Or are political considerations to creep,
as'they sometimes may, into these matters? If
we are to abandon the general rule of the Govern-
ment, and say we will pay interest on a claim,
not founded upon any general principle of policy,
but founded upon the particular circumstances of
the case, which may be decided according to the
mere caprice—yes, I may say caprice—of the in-
dividual members who may happen to compose a
majority of the members of the Senate and the
House at the time the claim is presented, where
will it lead us ? I submit, that in all governmental
action, general rules, especially in matters of this
kind, must be adhered to, or the inevitable result
will be corruption in its worst sense.
Now, sir, as to the particular case which is be-
fore the Senate, it stands thus: The best case that
can be made out for the argument on the other
side is, that there was a misapprehension in the
construction of a law on the part of the Postmas-
ter General; a construction which had been acted
upon for years before, under similar contracts;
which had never been questioned before; which
was sustained subsequently by the opinion of the
law officer of the Government, and which, cer-
tainly, no Senator, after reading that opinion, can
tell me is not a matter of doubt. The Post-
master General exercised the authority on public
considerations for the benefit of the country, not
in reference to this individual, but in reference
to others, also; and shall I be told that this is
a case of outrage; that this is a case of with-
holding a man's money; a plain, naked case of
wrong, and that, therefore, you are to make it an
exceptional case, and allow interest? It seems to
me that if you allow interest in this case, there is
no one case m which you can possibly refuse it.
The party assented, without objection, to the ex-
ercise of this power by the Postmaster General.
He withdrew the Sunday mad for some days; af-
terwards he resumed it, not on notice to the De-
partment; not by subsequent agreement with the
Department; not with the knowledge of the De-
partment, but on the mere wiil and desire of the
inhabitants of the local neighborhood in which he
resided, and of the postmasters there. Without
any communication to the Departme.it, he carried
this mail contrary to its order: and at a period
three years subsequently, when the contract itself
expired, he came forward with this claim against
the Government. This, then, in my judgment, is
no case for the allowance of interest: and it is even
doubtful whether the principal ought to be paid.
Mr. RUSK. I do not thmk that I have seen
a single claim preferred against the Government
of the United States, with the justice of which I
have been more struck than in the present case.
About the facts we do not disagree. A contract
was entered into for the transportation of the da;,y
mail over a certain route; the individual who pre-
fers this claim took that contract, and commenced
the transportation of the mail daily: without any
authority given by the control for that purpose,
the Postmaster General discontinued the running
of the mail on one day in the week. Now, how
does the case present itself? Here is a clear vio-
lation of the contract by one of the parties—the
one holding the power.
Mr. BAYARD. Was there no reservation in
the contract*'
Mr. RUSK. No, sir; there was no reserva-
tion. Here is a clear violation of the contract by
the person holding the power; and that, after the
contract had been £>oing on for some time ! The
contractor carrying the mail must have a certain
number of coaches, and a certain number of horses
for the purpose of executing his contract. He
must incur a large expense in this way, and then,
after doin? so, in full compliance with his con-
tract, the Postmaster General sees fit to stop one
seventh of the service. But the expense to the
contractor continues to be the same: be cannot
withdraw his teams, or his coaches from tha
route, because he would, by so doing, render
himself incapable of carrying the mail on the other
six days of the week, tie is ordered to stop; to
rest on his oars. To do this in an ordinary con-
tract between individuals, there should be some
provision contained in the contract, itself to render
such an act valid; and I conceive that the Govern-
ment ought to be bound by the same principles
which would be binding on individuals, Thw
