THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $3 FOR THIS SESSION.
32d Congress, 1st Session.
WEDNESDAY, JULY 7, 1859.
New Series No. 104.
arbitrary exercise of power by the Postmaster
Gener.il, then, as I view it, is a clear violation of
the contract.
It is said that the contract reserved the right to
the Postmaster General to discontinue it at his
discretion altogether; that is true, but there is a
penalty, or a consideration for the discontinuance
of the contract; and that is one month's extra pay-
to the contractor. But the Senator from Dela-
ware [Mr. Bayard] proceeded to argue that the
greater power includes the lesser, and he read an
opinion of the Attorney General, for the tune be-
ing, as Ins authority. But that very opinion ad-
mits at once all that I hold. I have not read that
opinion myself, but I paid attention to it as read
by the Senator, and I find that it assumes that
the greater power includes the lesser, and that
when the contract was discontinued for one day,
by the Postmaster General, the contractor should
have thrown up his contract, and should have de-
manded his month's pay. That is an admission
of the whole case in a single moment. It seems
to me that it must strike the mind of every Sen-
ator in that way, and if so, there is no necessity
for arguing the question any further.
Now, I doubt whether the authority to termin-
ate the entire contract and give the month's extra
Fay, was in the power of the Postmaster General,
f, however, the contract was annulled, the con-
tractor became entitled to it. The power to dis-
continue altogether is very different from the
power to discontinue in part; because if he dis-
continues altogether, the contractor can take off
his teams and carriages and put them somewhere
else. But if the service is discontinued but one
day in the week, he must keep all his teams and
carriages, and be at an enormous expense, pre-
cisely the same as if he performed the whole ser-
vice. "Is there anything just, is there anything fair,
or proper m this? Clearly not, in my opinion. The
service which the contractor agreed to perform
was performed: the payment which the Govern-
ment agreed to give for that service was withheld
by the Postmaster General. The service was all
performed with the exception of three days, and
the pay which the Postmaster General had con-
tracted to give for that .service, has been withheld
to this day. It seems to me that there can be no
question that this claim ought to be paid. The
facts are so plain that I do not see the necessity
for looking into the legal opinions of Attorneys
General, for the purpose of getting an ahstr\i'-J
metaphysical opinion to answer the qutsiion. The
contract was made for so much service; the Gov-
ernment had the service and ought to pay the
money. And if the Government has withheld the
money which ought to have been paid, ought not
Government to pay the interest for that money?
I think it ought. These men were poor, and had
to expend money to complete the contract eight
or ten yeais a^o; and almost ever since that time
they have been asking Congress to pay them for
the service which they performed. It is not
through their fault or lachcs that they have not re-
ceived it, but it is entirely owing to the laclus and
inattention on the part of the Congress of the
United States.
The Senator from Delaware has referred to
some action which has been had upon this sub-
ject in the Senate. I know that once or twice tins
question has been aigued, upon the supposition
that the authority to curtail the service was in-
cluded in the contract; and not until the last report
was the fact made known that it was not included
in the contract.
Mr. BAYARD. Such was the universal asser-
tion. But I would like to know whether the uni-
fonn construction of the contract, incidentally,
had not been, that the power to discontinue inclu-
ded the nowerto curtail?
Mr. RUSK. I consider that it has not, upon
anything that transpired incidentally, and taking
it for granted that the contract was similar to those
now entered into. In the contracts which \\n\e
been entered into for a number ot years past, the
authority to curtail service is vested m the Post-
master General, and a provision to that effect is
104
inserted in the contract in plain terms. It is not
to be found m a sort of reasoning, that the larger
power includes the less. Then this is a clear case
of the violation of a contract on the part of the
Postmaster General. There is sufficient evidence
of the performance of all the service which the
contractor engaged to perform, and the question
is, will you pay the connector for the service ren-
dered ? Had you, as an individual, employed me
to perform a similar service, would you'evade the
payment, if possible, in this manner? No; you
would not do it. Then if the principles of equity
and justice, as between man and man, would re-
quire the payment for this service, how is the ob-
ligation lessened when the tiansiction is between
an individual and the Government5
Mr. UPHAM. Iam exceelmgly sorry, Mr.
President, to perceive that so small a claim as this
should meet with such strenuous opposition,
while%laims of much gi eater magnitude, although
less obvious as to their justice and equity, are
passed upon and allowed here almost every day.
Although this question has been pending for a
great number of years, it seems to me that now,
for the first time, the question is raided as to
whether there is any foundation for the original
claim; and it is questioned whether the contractor
has any just or equitable, or legal right to claim
compensation for the rendition of these services.
In the first place, as I before remarked, this
question has been pending for a long time: but it
has always met with the favorable regard of the
committee to which it has been referred, and a bill
for the payment of the amount, once passed the
Senate. It first came here in an equitable point of
view—on principles of equity and justice; and, the
matter being regarded m that light, a bill was
passed by the Senate some three or four years ago.
The other question—that is, the legal question
which is presented m this case—has come up for
the first time during the present session, and for
the reason that at was supposed that the old mail
contracts, according to the form of which this con-
tract was made, weiehke those now made. In
looking into this contract, however, I find that a
power has been exercised by the PostmasterGen-
eral which was not piovided for m the contract,
and winch, it is believed, did nol legally exist—m
other words, that the only power which the Post-
master General had over the contract is reserved
and specified m the contract itself. It therefore
stands upon precisely the same footing as all other
contracts made between individuals. A contract
between the Go\ernment and an individual, or a
number of indivduals, unquesliona'oly stands upon
the same ground as a contract between two indi-
viduals. The terms of the agreement are reduced
to writing, and bolli parties ate bound by it. In
this case, as m all others, it took two to make a
contract; and, having the assent of both parties,
as a matter of course it should take two to rescind
it. Here was a contract entered into to transport
a daily mail on the route from Boston to Lake
Cham plain—which route was continued from Lake
Champlain to Montreal. A daily mail had long
been carried on that route, and a contract was en-
tered into with the parties claimant to continue it.
The contract being entered into, the contractor
furnished all the requisite stock for iis proper ful-
fillment—as horses, coaches, harness, and so
forth, and lured the necessery diivers. This
party had his contract by authority, and what is
there m that contract which authorizes the Post-
master General to interfere ?
The contract provides, in the first place, that if
Congress shall discontinue the route for which the
contract is made, then the contract shall cease. It
will be perceived that it is for Congress to make
post routes. The Postmaster General cannot do
it. Congress declare what routes shall be post
routes; and when Congress have made them such,
the Postmastci Generel contracts for the services
to be peiturmed upon them, llere, then, w.is a
post route established by Congress; " and now,''
says the Postmaster General to the contractor,
"if Congress should pass any act discontinuing
this route as a mail route, I shall have no authority
to transport the mail over it, and therefore the
contract will cease to be binding on me." It
further provides—Congress not being always in
session—that if the Postmaster General should
come to the conclusion that the route is useless—
mind you, not that it does not require the amount
of service to be performed upon it which has been
agreed for—but if he should comc to the conclu-
sion that it was useless, or if he should discon-
tinue any portion of it—as Congress could do—
then the contract for the whole, or such part so
discontinued, should cease to be binding upon the
Postmaster General. Thus, then, as I have re-
marked, Congress not being in session, if, in the
opinion of the Postmaster General, a route should
become useless, so that it is unnecessary to trans-
port any mail over it daily or otherwise, then the
contract ceascs in regard to the whole. If, like-
wise, it is only a portion of a route that ceases,
then the contract ceases m regard to that portion.
Tins power is vested in Congress, and the Post-
master General may do the same thing if a route,
or any portion of it, should become useless. But,
sir, while a route continues a mail route, the Post-
master General having contracted for a certain
amount of service upon it, has no authority to
reduce that service without the consent of the con-
tracting party. The contract gives him no such
authority. It is only when it ceases to be a mail
route that the contract can cease beTore it expires
by its own limitation. These contiactors, there-
fore, had no hazard to run. They knew that the
route between Boston and Lake Champlain would
never become useless, that it never would be dis-
continued; that it had been a mail route for years,
and, for anything they could see to the contrary,
might continue to remain a mail route for all com-
ing time. All this was well enough understood.
Here is the provision, then, in the contract in
regard to discontinuing a loute; and this is all the
power the Postmaster General has m this respect:
11 It is mutually understood by th<> contracting parties,
that if the loute, or any part of the route, herein mentioned,
shall lie d .-continued by act of Conines, or, m the opinion
of the General, becomes us-eles-s, 01 if a hue of
n * ^fcunhnal* «.hall be established on the whole or
am p'ltf of if, \\ here the mail not so earned under the
coimact, ihen tins conuact, oi such puit of it shall cease
to be binding on ihe l\)-tniustfi General, he giving notice
ot Mich e^enf. and making allowance oi one month's e.vtta
pav. *'
Xow, it is under this clause, and this clause
alone, that the Postmaster Ceneral claimed the
ri^ht to exercise the power which he exercised in
this case. That is the clause that was given to
me at the Post Office Department when I called.
The gentleman from Delaware has read another
clause:
" And if i-3 aNo agreed tiiot the Po<-tma-nor General may
aher the tmie of arnval and d«jpaitnre fixed by said sci.ed-
uh'j and alter the inut'-s, (he makui^ an adequate compen-
sation tor ,utv evtia I'.xpetiMj \\ hieh ma)- be oce.Mi.iii'd
tlKJiebj.) and the I'oMmn^fei Geneial le-erve* the r'^ht of
aiiiiuMniy tins contract in ca^e the eontiactor does, not
promptly adopt the alteiation leqimed."
Now, there have been no alterations made here;
the contract has not been altered or annulled; the
clause, therefore, which I last read, has no appli-
cation to the question under consideration. The
question is simply a legal one—whether the Post-
master General had a right, under this contract,
to make the alteration.
I stated, Mr. President, that this contract was
made m the days of Mr. Barry. The honorable
Senator from Delaware soys that it has been the
uniform practice of the Government, under con-
tracts similar to this, to curtail the service. With
great respect for the Senator from Delaware, 1
beg to say that he is mistaken. Mr. Barry, I am
iniormed, was the first Postmaster General who
ever attempted to exercise that power, and he ex-
ercised it in consequence of the embarrassed con-
dition of the Department at the time.
After the opinion of the Attorney General, which
has been refened to, and the action of Congress,
a new form of contract was adopted. The Senate
from Delaware, however, contends that the Post-
master General had the same power under the old
form of contract as he now has under the new
