XVI
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
September, one thousand eight hundred and fifty,
by the application of horse-power to some of them,
one thousand dollars.
Independent Treasury.—For salaries of the assist-
ant treasurers of the United States at New York,
Boston, Charleston, and St. Louis, eleven thou-
sand five hundred dollars.
For compensation of the treasurer of the branch
Mint at San Francisco, California, four thousand
five hundred dollars, and additional salaries of the
treasurer of the Mint at Philadelphia of one thou-
sand dollars, and of the treasurer of the branch
Mint at New Orleans of five hundred dollars, six
thousand dollars.
For salaries of ten additional clerks, authorized
by the acts of August sixth, eighteen hundred and
forty-six, and August twelfth, eighteen hundred
and forty-eight, and a clerk for the treasurer of the
branch Mint at San Francisco, California, at a
salary of two thousand five hundred dollars,
twelve thousand one hundred dollars.
For salary of chief clerk to the assistant treas-
urer at New York, fifteen hundred dollars.
For contingent ^expenses under the act for the
safe-keeping, collecting,transfer, and disbursement
of the public revenue, of sixth August, eighteen
hundred and forty-six, twenty thousand dollars:
Provided, That no part of said sum of twenty
thousand dollars shall be expended for clerical ser-
vices.
For compensation to special agents to examine
the books, accounts, and money on hand in the
several depositories, under the act of August-sixth,
eighteen hundred and forty-six, seven thousand
dollars.
Survey of the Coast.—For survey of the coast of
the United States, including compensation to Su-
perintendent and assistants, (and excluding the
pay and emoluments of officers of the Army and
Navy, and petty officers and men oftheNavy em-
ployed m the work,) one hundred and eighty-six
thousand dollars.
For continuing the survey of the Florida reefs
and keys, (excluding the pay and emoluments of
the officers of the Army and Navy, and petty offi-
cers and men of the Navy employed in the work,)
thirty thousand dollars.
For continuing the survey of the western coast
of the United States, (excluding the pay and
emoluments of the officers of the Army and Navy,
and the petty officers and men employed in the
work,) one hundred and fifty thousand dollars:
Provided, That a sufficient number of the super-
numerary second lieutenants, graduates of the
Military Academy, for whom there is no command
in the Army, shall, upon the application of.the
Superintendent of the Coast Survey, be detailed
to take the places and do duty on the Coast Survey,
instead of the civilians now employed in that ser-
vice.
Marine Ilosjntals.—For draining hospital site,
and heating and watering the hospital at Louis-
ville, Kentucky, two thousand dollars.
For draining hospital site and heating and water-
ing the hospital at Paducah, two thousand dollars.
For draining hospital site and heating and water-
ing the hospital at Napoleon, two thousand dol-
lars.
For draining hospital site and heating and water-
ing the hospital at Natchez, two thousand dollars.
For draining hospital site and heating and water-
ing the hospital at St. Louis, two thousand dol-
lars.
For draining hospital site and heating and water-
ing the hospital at Cleveland, two thousand dol-
lars.
To meet outstanding claims incurred in finishing
the hospitalatPittsburg, and grading and draining
the site, fifteen hundred and sixty-three dollars and
forty-eight cents.
For completing the construction of the marine
hospital at San Francisco, California, and for ar- j
ranging the grounds, fencinff, furnishing warming
apparatus, and superintendence thereof, one hun- '
dred and thirty thousand dollars. !
That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and he ■
is hereby, authorized and directed to purchase a
suitable site in Portland, in the State of Maine, or
in such place in the immediate vicinity thereof as
he shall deem proper, and to cause to be erected
thereon, under his direction, a marine hospital for
the relief of sick and disabled seamen; and for
that purpose the sum of thirty thousand dollars be,
and the same is hereby, appropriated out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated.
Custom-Homes.—For continuing the construc-
tion of the custom-house at Charleston, South Car-
olina, two hundred thousand dollars.
For continuing the construction of the custom-
house at New Orleans, Louisiana, one hundred
and fifty thousand dollars, subject to the limita-
tions and restrictions imposed on the appropria-
tion made for the same object at the last session of
Congress: Provided, That, in case the superin-
tendence of the building be confided to an officer
detailed from the Corps of Topographical Engi-
neers, the acting architect be dispensed with, and
the said superintendent allowed a compensation
not exceeding eight dollars per day.
For purchasing a site and the construction of a
suitable building at Wilmington, Delaware, for ;
custom-house, post office, court-rooms, and other
offices of the United States, and furnishing the
same, twenty-five thousand dollars: Provided, That
the said lot and building be exempted from city
and all other taxes whatever, by the act of the
Legislature of Delaware: Jind provided further,
That, before the Secretary of the Treasury shall
erect the said building, it shall first be his duty to
procure a proper site, or lot of ground, ana to
make a contract or contracts for the erection of
said building, and furnishing the same, at a sum
or sums which shall not in the whole exceed the
sum of twenty-five thousand dollars, inclusive of
said lot, which said contract or contracts shall be
secured by good and sufficient sureties to the sat-
isfaction of the said Secretary of the Treasury and
President of the United States.
For the construction of a custom-house at Asto-
ria, Oregon, in addition to ten thousand dollars
heretofore appropriated, thirty thousand dollars.
For purchasing a site, and the construction of
a suitable building at Richmond, Virginia, for
custom-house, post office, court-rooms, and other
offices of the United States, one hundred thousand
dollars: Provided, That the said lot and building
shall be exempted from city and all other taxes
whatever by the act of the Legislature of Virginia:
Jlnd provided further, That before the Secretary of
the Treasury shall erect the said building, it shall
first be his duty to procure a proper site or lot of
ground, and to make a contract or contracts for
the erection of said building and furnishing the
same, at a sum or sums which shall not in the
whole exceed the sum of one hundred and fifty
thousand dollars,inclusive of said lot, which said
contract or contracts shall be secured by good and
sufficient sureties, to the satisfaction of the said
Secretary of the Treasury and President of the
United States.
For annual repairs and office fixtures for the
custom-house at Portsmouth, New Hampshire, I
Erie, Pennsylvania, and other places, twenty-five
thousand dollars.
To enable the Secretary of the Treasury to
purchase an addition to the custom-house at Balti-
more, and to repair and alter the edifice, one hun-
dred and ten thousand dollars, said sum to cover
all expenses of purchase, repair, and improve-
ment.
For purchasing a site and the construction of
a suitable building at Waldoboro', Maine, for
custom-house, post office, and other offices of the
United States, and furnishing the same, twelve
thousand dollars: Provided, That said lot and build-
ing shall be exempted from city and all other taxes
whatever by the act of the Legislature of Maine:
*<JntZ provided further, That before the Secretary of
the Treasury shall erect the said building, it shall
first be his duty to procure a proper site or lot of
ground, and to make a contract or contracts for
the erection of said building and furnishing the
same, at a sum or sums which shall not in the
whole exceed the sum of twelve thousand dollars,
inclusive of said lot; which said contract or con-
tracts shall be secured by good and sufficient sure-
ties to the satisfaction of the said Secretary of the
Treasury and President of the United States.
Intercourse with foreign nations.—For salaries of
Ministers of the United States to Great Britain,
France, Russia, Prussia, Spain, Brazil, Mexico,
and Chili, seventy-two thousand dollars.
For salaries of the secretaries of legation to the
same places, sixteen thousand dollars.
For outfit of Ministers of the United States to
Great Britain and Mexico, eighteen thousand dol-
For salary of the Minister Resident to Turkey,
six thousand dollars.
For salary of the dragoman to the legation to
Turkey, twenty-five hundred dollars.
For salaries of Charges d'Aft'aires to Portugal,
Austria, Denmark, Sweden, Holland, Belgium,
Naples, Sardinia, the Papal States, Peru, New
Granada, Venezuela,Buenos Ayres,Bolivia, Gua-
temala, Ecuador, and Nicaragua, seventy-six thou-
sand five hundred dollars.
For contingent expenses of all the missions
abroad, forty thousand dollars.
For contingent expenses of foreign intercourse,
forty thousand dollars.
For expenses of intercourse with the Barbary
Powers, nine thousand dollars.
For salary of the Consul at London, two thou-
sand dollars.
For salary of the Commissioner to the Sandwich
Islands, five thousand dollars.
For interpreters, guards, and other expenses of
the Consulates at Constantinople, Smyrna, and
Alexandria, fifteen hundred dollars.
For office rent of the Consul at Basle, in Switzer-
land, one hundred dollars.
For salary and outfit of a Commissioner to reside
in China, including the additional compensation
under the act to carry into effect certain provisions
in the treaties between the United States and
China, and the Ottoman Porte, eighteen thousand
dollars.
For salary of the interpreter and secretary to
said mission, two thousand five hundred dollars.
For compensation to the Consuls at the five ports
in China, viz: Kwang Chow, Amoy, Fuchow,
Ning-po, and Shanghai, five thousand dollars.
Forsalary of the Consul-General at Alexandria,
three thousand dollars.
For the relief and protection of American seamen
in foreign countries, one hundred and twenty-five
thousand dollars.
For clerk hire, office rent, and other expenses
of the office of the Consul of the United States at
London, two thousand eight hundred dollars.
Forsalary of the Consul at Beyrout.five hundred
dollars.
For compensation to the Acting Charge d 'A ffaires
to Russia from the fifteenth of August, eighteen
hundred and forty-eight, to the fifteenth of "Janu-
ary, eighteen hundred and forty-nine, one thou-
sand and forty-one dollars and sixty-seven cents.
To compensate Dabney S. Carr for expenses in-
curred while in the diplomatic service of the coun-
try,to be allowed in the settlement of his accounts
with the Government, seven thousand onehundred
and forty-four dollars.
To the secretary of legation at the Court of St.
James, for services as charge d'affaires at said
Court from the thirty-first of August, eighteen
hundred and forty-nine, to the eleventh of October,
eighteen hundred and forty-nine, three hundred
and one dollars and thirty-two cents.
To enable the President of the United States to
make compensation to theSpanish Consuland other
subjects of Spain residing at New Orleans, and sub-
jects of Spain at TCey West, for losses occasioned
by violence in the year eighteen hundred and fifty-
one, arising from intelligence then recently received
at those places of the execution of certain persons
at Havana who had recently invaded the Island
of Cuba, twenty-five thousand dollars: Provided,
That before payments be made under this appro-
priation, the President of the United States shall
cause an investigation to be made of such alleged
losses, and that the same, together with the leason-
able costs of the investigation, shall be paid on the
certificate of the Secretary of State, that the same
are proven to the satisfaction of the President.
For compensation to Peter Parker, as Acting
Charge d'Affaires at Canton, China, for two years,
from the twenty-fourth May, eighteen hundred and
fifty, to twenty-fourth May, eighteen hundred and
fifty-two, which shall be in full for all demand for
such services for the period named, four thousand
dollars.
For compensation of Charles D. Arfwedson,
Consul of the United States at Stockholm, Sweden,
for diplomatic services rendered as charge d 'affaires
at that place, by the instruction of the Secretary
of State, from the recall of Mr. Ellsworth to the
arrival of Mr. Schroeder, appointed charge d'af-
faires from the twenty-fourth July, eighteen hun-
dred and forty-nine, to the twenty-second day of
April, eighteen hundred and fifty, a period of eight
