788
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March IS,-.
Mr. HEBARD. That is not my question.
Mr. MEADE. I ask for the reading of the 48th
rule.
The SPEAKER. The question is not debata-
ble.
Mr. CLINGMAN. My remark was in reply
to the observation of the Speaker, that if it had
been voted upon, it would not be now in order;
and I wish to remind the Chair of it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman did not un-
derstand the Chair. The Chair had reference to
the proposition made by the gentleman from South
Carolina, [Mr. Orr.] If it had been voted upon,
the Chair would have decided, immediately upon
the annunciation of the vote, that it would not be
in order to renew it; but business intervening, it
would be in order a dozen times during the day.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I agree with the Chair
there.
The SPEAKER. The 48th rule, as requested
by the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Meade,]
will be read.
The Clerk read the rule as follows:
" A motion to adjourn, and a motion to fix the day to
which the House shall adjourn, shall be always m order."
Mr. BOBBINS demanded the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
The (Question was then taken, and the motion
was decided in the negative—yeas 58, nays 107—
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Allison, John Appleton,
William Appleton, Ashe, Babcock, Bennett, John H. Boyd,
Breckinridge, George II. Brown, Busby, E. Carrington
Cabell, Lewis D. Campbell,Thompson Campbell, Cartter,
Colcock, Cullom, Dawson, Diimmck, Dunham, Edgerton,
Edmnndaon, Ewing, Gaylord, Gentry, Green, Hamilton,
Isham G. Harris, Sampson W. Harris, Hillyer, Holladay,
James Johnson, John Johnson, Landry, Letcher, Hum-
phrey Marshall, McMullin, McNair, McQueen, John
Moore, Morehead, Nabers, Olds, Orr, Andrew Parker,
Samuel W. Parker, Peaslee, Phelps, Porter, Richardson,
Riddle, Scurry, Smart, Smith, St. Martin, Wallace, Ward,
and Alexander, White—58.
NAY£—Messrs. Aiken, Willis Allen, Averett, Thomas
H. Bayly, Barrere, Bartlett, Bell, Bibjghaus, Brenton,
Briggs, Brooks, Buell, Burrows, Joseph Cable, Caskie,
Chandler, Ciiapman, Ciiuichwell, Clark, Cleveland, Chng-
man, Cobb, Cuitis, Daniel, JohnG Davis, Doekery, Doty,
Duncan, Durkee. Evans, Fickfin, Pitch, Florence, Fowler,
Henry M. Fuller, Giddings, Goodenovv, Gorman, Grow,
Hall, Ilarper, Haws, Ilascall, Haven, Hebard, Hendiicks,
Horsford, Houston, Howard, Thomas M. Howe, Thomas
Y. How, Ives, Jackson, Jenkins, Andrew Johnson, Robert
W. Johnson, Daniel T. Jones, George W. Jones, J. Glancy
Jones, George G. King, Preston King, ICuhns, Kuitz, Ma-
son, McLanahan, Meacham, Meade, Miller, Molony, Hen-
ry D. Moore, Morrison, Murray, Newton, Peiinunan, Per-
kins, Polk, Price, Rantoul, Bobbins, Savage, Schoolcraft,
Sohoonmaker, tfcudder, David L. Seymour, Ongen S. Sey-
mour, Snow, Stanly, Benjamin Stanton, Richard H. Stan-
ton, Abraham P. Stevens, Thaddeus Stevens, Sirauon,
Stuart, Sutherland, Geo. W. Thompson, Thurston, Town*.-
hend, Walsh, Washburn, Watkins, Welch, Wells, Wilcox,
Wiidnck, Williams, Woodward, and Yates—107.
So the House refused to adjourn till Monday.
Mr. STANTON. As it is the desire of the
House, I move we adjourn; which motion was
agreed to.
And the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, &e.
The following petitions, memorials, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees :
By Mr. MOORE, of Pennsylvania: Three memorials
from citizens of the county of Philadelphia, asking an ex-
tension of the Woodworth patent.
By Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania: The remonstrance
ofa large number of citizens of Lancaster couritv. Pennsyl-
vania, remonstrating against the extension of'the Wood-
worth patent.
By Mr CHANDLER : Four memorials, one «igned by
105 builders and 1 umbei merchants ; one signed bv Joseph
West and 116 others: one signed by members of the Select
and Common Councils and Board ofTiadc ; poitwaulcns,
alderman, and recorder; one signed by A Ciaik and 122
others, all citizens of Philadelphia, remonstrating against
a renewal of patenter Woodworth's planing machine.
Also, nvo memorials signed by 115 citizens of Philadel-
phia j asking for a renewal of Woodwork's patent.
By Mr. SIBLEY : Memorial of 156 citizens of the United
states, residing in New York, Pennsylvania, and other
States, members of " thfi Western Farm and Village Asso-
ciation," praying a grant of 160 acres of land to each indi-
vidual, signed on condition that actual improvement be
fhf, L , 0n previous to the 15th day of July, 18.-,^: and
that .aid memorialists be allowed to select these grants from
lan<ls te,ween
v : The remonstrance of Hemv
ma, on the subject of intervention.
/.itfJon' ,hf I1?"!.011 ?f RobmJ- Hammond and 153 others,
citizen* of W a«hjnpton county, for an act to prohibit the
transportation and delivery of the mail on the Lord's day.
By Mr. R.OBBTNS : The petition of jpatrick Sharp and
36 other citizens ofthecount^of Philadelphia,asking Con-
gress to modify ttie bounty land act of September 28, 1850,
sp as to give to each of the persons intended to be benefited
thereby, and to the seamen and marines who served in said
wars, not less than 160aeiesof land.$£%>>j
Also, on the same subject, the petition of Jacob Moser
and 72 others, citizens of the city and county of Philadel-
phia.
By Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois, the memorial of Da
vid C. lUggs and 21 others, citizens of the State of Illinois,
praying for a grant of land to aid in the construction of a
railroad from Burlington to the Missouri river.
On motion by Mr. CLEVELAND, the petitions ofMessrs.
Frink, Chew & Co., and others, and the accompanying pa-
pers, relating to seamen engaged in the whale fishery, and the
erection of a marine hospital at New London, Connecticut,
were taken from the hies and referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
On motion by Mr. POUTER, the petition ofMcKnight,
Brent & Wood was taken fiom the files and referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
By Mr. HAMILTON• The petition of Gideon Boufy
and others, citizens of Frederick county, Maryland, re-
monstrating against the extension of the Woodworth pat-
ent.
By Mr. PENNIMAN : The memorial of 400 citizens of
Michigan, asking a grant of alternate sections of land in aid
of the Oakland and Ottawa railroad.
Also, the proceedings of a meeting of the Detroit bar,
and a memorial thereof, asking increased compensation to
the district judge of the United States for the district of
Michigan.
By Mr. DOTY: The petition of settlers on the Menomi-
nee Purchase, ip Wisconsin, for a preemption of three
years to the lands occupied by them.
By Mr. BRENTON: The petition ofR. Morgan French,
asking compensation as special mail agent, from San Fran-
cisco to New York.
Also, the petition of Isaac Covert, deputv marshal in In-
diana, asking additional compensation for taking the census.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, -March 13, 1852.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m.
by the Rev. C. M. Butler.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
MESSRS. WILCOX AND BROWN.
Mr. POLK. I rise to a privileged question. I
am gratified to he ahle to state to the House that
the unfortunate difHcufty between the two repre-
sentatives from Mississippi [Messrs. Wilcox
and Brown] has been adjusted in a manner highly
creditable to both parties, and that they now oc-
cupy the same position of friendship which existed
between them previous to the unpleasant affair of
yesterday. At the request of the friends of both
parties the matter was referred to the honorable
gentleman from Arkansas [Mr. Johnson] and
myself, for adjustment.
The SPEAKER. The business first in order is
the motion submitted by the gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Stanton] upon yesterday, that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole upon the
state of the Union, on the special order.
RESOLUTIONS OP STATE LEGISLATURES.
Mr. PRICE. 1 ask the unanimous consent of
the House to introduce joint resolutions of the
Legislature of the State of New Jersey in relation
to the producers of coal, and the manufacture of
iron and glass.
There was no objection, and the resolutions
were received, read, and referred to the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means.
Mr. KING, of New York, asked and obtained
the unanimous consent of the House to introduce
joint resolutions of the Legislature of the State of
New York, against the extension of the Wood-
worth patent; which were referred to the Commit-
tee on Patents, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. DANIEL. I understand the first business
in order is upon the pending motion to go into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
I wish to inquire if the subject under considera-
tion before that committee is a special order >
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. DANIEL. If the House refuse to go into
the Committee of the Whole, I suppose that it will
be competent to postpone that special order with
the view of going into Committee of the Whole
House upon the private Calendar?
The SPEAKER. It will be in order.
Mr. DANIEL. I hope, then, that the motion
pending will not prevail.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I insist, as this motion
now pending is the first business in order, that it
be put, and take precedence of every other motion.
1 object to any other proceeding until that is dis-
posed of.
CONTESTED ELECTION FROM NEW MEXICO,
Mr. PHELPS. I rise merely to suggest to the
House that I had hoped that the question of"
privilege which I called up the other day I should
be abfe to have considered to-day; but if ie
House will consent to its now being taken up with
a view to postponement to a day certain, I shall
be satisfied. I was not present on yesterday when
an attempt was made by the Delegate from New- "
Mexico [Mr. Weightman] to call up that ques-
tion. As soon as the signal had been given that
the House had assembled, I left the room of the '
Committee of Ways and Means with the resolu-
tion calling it up for consideration. I am perfectly-
willing, however, to have the question laid over
until Monday.
A Member. Let it lie, and it can be called up
at any time.
Mr. PHELPS. I amrf sometimes retained in
the committee room, and, of course, cannot be
here precisely at the time of the reading of the
Journal. I am perfectly willing that it shall be
postponed until Monday.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 would suggest to the gentle-
man from Missouri, that of next week the portion
which will not be taken up in the consideration of
private matters is allowed for the completion of
the special order and the disposition of the defi-
ciency bill. If this case of contested election in-
tervene, it is entirely possible, and indeed proba-
ble, that the whole time thus allowed for public
business would be consumed in discussion. I
therefore hope that the contested election will be
postponed for ajjmore remote day.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I make this point of order:
There is nothing before the House but the pending
motion. I do not understand the gentleman from
Missouri to have insisted upon taking up the privi-
leged question. It will go over, of course, until
Monday, or some other time.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from Mis-
souri presses his proposition to consider the sub-
ject, it being a privileged question, the Chair thinks
that it will be competent to take the sense of the
House in regard to its disposal; but it is compe-
tent also for the House to postpone it or to pass
to other business at any time. That matter will
be decided, the Chair will suggestto the gentleman
from Missouri, by a vote upon the proposition
now pending to go into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. PHELPS. Very well.
CONGRESSIONAL LIBRARY ROOM.
Mr. WILDRICK, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as correctly enrolled "An
act to provide for the repair of the Congressional
Library Room lately destroyed by fire;" which
received the signature of the Speaker.
The question was then put upon the motion that
the rules be Suspended, and thai the House re-
solve itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and it was decided in the
affirmative.
THE EXTENSION OF THE CAPITOL.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Seymour, of Connecticut, in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN. The first business in order
is the special order, being " Senate joint resolution
No. 2, authorizing the architect of the Capitol to
continue in employment the mechanics, laborers,
and others, employed upon the two wings there-
of," upon which the gentleman from Mississippi
[Mr. Wilcox] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. DUNCAN. If the gentleman from Mis-
sissippi would give away for a few minutes while
I/fiidke an explanation in reference to the bill now
Inder consideration, I would be obliged to him.
Mr. WILCOX. I will say to my honorable
friend that I will reserve sufficient time m which
he may say all that he desires, and ask that I may
have notice from him. I regret exceedingly, Mr.
Chairman, to say anything further upon this sub-
ject than that which I addressed to the House a
few days ago; but were I to fold my arms and sit
quietly by and permit the speech of the honorable
member from Mississippi [Mr. Brown] to go un-
answered, in all probability the charge could with
some propriety or impunity be made against
me, that 1 had uttered from my place upon this
floor things that were untrue, so far as Missis-
sippi politics are concerned. Further, that my
Democracy might be impeached from the remarks
