1650
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 2,
form. This is the present form in regard to this
matter:
" It is hereby stipulated and agreed, by the said contractor
sad his sureties, that the Postmaster General may alter the
contract, and alter the schedule, he allowing a pro rata in-
crease of compensation within tile restrictions Imposed by
law for the additional service required, or for the increased
speed, if the employment of additional stock or carriers is
rendered necessary; but the contractor may, in ca<e of in-
creased expedition, relinquish the contract on ti mely notice,
if he prefer it to the change; also, that the Postmaster Gen-
eral may discontinue or curtail the service, in order to place
OB the route a greater degree of service, or whenever the
public interests require such discontinuance or curtailment
for any other cause, he allowing one month's extra pay on
the amount of service dispensed with. 
I should like to know, Mr.-President, why the
form of contract was altered, if the power to re-
duce the amount of service on a post route, after
a contract had been made, existed under the old
form ? Why adopt a new form, and in express
words confer that power upon tbePostmaster Gen-
eral, if he was vested with the power before?
There was no reason for it but one, and that was,
that he had not the power without that alteration
of the prescribed form; and having exercised the
power, Congress decided that he had no right to
exercise it under theold form,and, therefore, thev
made a new one. But, says the gentleman from
Delaware, the opinion of the Attorney General,
who is the highest law officer of the Govern-
ment, settled the question. The Attorney Gen-
eral, I admit, drew up the opinion, which has been
read by the Senator from Delaware. X have no
disposition to criticise that opinion; but I cannot
ayoid thinking that the Attorney General drew it
up without much consideration, or a very nice
regard to the facts of the case; and I am led to
this conclusion from the fact, that he seems to have
made no distinction between the power of entirely
doing away with a route, or a part of a route, and
the service to be performed upon it. 1 contend,
however, that there is a wide distinction between
the two cases, and that therefore his opinion has
no real application to this case. A report had
•been made in Congress in 1838, setting forth the
proceedings in the case of Caldwell, and conclu-
ding that the Postmaster General had no authority
whatever to make a reduction in the service. The
question came up in the House, and the decision
of the Postmaster General was overruled; and,
after the question came to the Senate, the opinion
of the House of Representatives was unanimously
sustained. I therefore contend, that this opinion
has no binding force whatever. The House over-
ruled it, and the Senate did not even enter into ail
argument upon it. They established the report
made in 1838. There is not a solitary case on
record where the service has been reduccd in this
way, and where a claim made for that reduction
has not been paid. Sir, in one case this session,
we paida man in the State of Maine, somei 13,000.
But it is contended that in this case the contract-
or went on without giving any notice" to the De-
partment; that th£ Department did not know that
their order had not been obeyed until the term of
the contract had expired. Sir, that was a con-
tract which could not have been thus fully carried
out without the knowledge and the tacit consent
of the Department.
But the gentleman from Delaware alleges that
the contractor assented to this order. How did
he assent to it? Did he omit his Sunday's trip 5
No, sir; he ran every day, as was his custom.
And why was the mail given to him to carry every
day in the week if the Government had no knowl-
edge that he was running the full trips and per-
forming the full amount of service contracted for'
The postmaster at Royalton certified in h >s monthly
returns that the Sunday mail had been carried as
usual. Nor is it shown that asingle trip was omitted
—notone. The people on the road protested against
this discontinuance of the Sunday mail, because
it caused an actual delay ofthirty-six hours on one
of the greatest thoroughfares in the State of Ver-
mont, and therefore they insisted that it should be
earned; and the postmaster delivered to the con-
tractor the mail every day in the week, well
knowing, as he must bave done, that the order
to discontinue one day was not obeyed. How,
then, under thsse circumstances, can gentlemen
show that the contractor acquiesced in the order ?
If the Government did not know that he was run-
ning the mail everyday in the week, how came he
by the mail ? How came the postmaster there to
deliver him the mail if it was not to be transported ?
Everything goes to show-thatthe Department knew
that the mail was run every day in the week,
although that is not inserted in the report. We
have also ths testimony of the drivers that the_ mail
was transported during the whole time—that is, on
every day without the intermission as ordered; and
stilt the Senator from Delaware affirms that there
was an acquiescence on the part of the contractor—
inshort, that he gave up carrying the mail on that
day, and consented to the order. Sir, it is very
strange that he should have consented to this re-
duction of the service and still have performed it!
And when the contract expired, he called for his
pay; but the money was withheld, on the ground
that there was an order given, although it was well
known that the mail was transported every day in
the week! Sir, asl before remarked, if it was not
understood, how came the contractor by the mail?
Why was it notlauloveron the Sunday ? Again,
I hold that the contractors had a right to stand
upon their contract; and after the service has been
performed, [ think the objections which have been
urged here come altogether too late. In the case
of Caldwell, he did not transport the mail for three
days in the week, and yet they paid him the whole
sum. Why? Because the Postmaster General
contracted to pay that sum, notwithstanding the
decision of the Attorney General made in this
same case. So also the decision in the case of
Dwinell, and in every other where the pay has
been withheld. In every single instance compen-
sation has been made agreeably to the terms of
the contract.
I ask, then, Mr. President, on what principle
this claim is to be resisted, when all the others
were paid when this decision was freshly made?
On what ground can it be resisted, when it is ad-
mitted that the construction which has been put
upon the old form of contracts was not sound, as
is proved by the fact of their being subsequently
altered, and the power conferred? On what prin-
ciple of justice or equity can this claim be resisted ?
The mail was transported; the people were ac-
commodated, and when the contract was out,
they were still requested to carry it longer, and
they did so for six months after the expiration of
thecontract. Congress passed*a law authorizing
the Postmaster General to extend the contract
until the first of July. This claimant carried the
mail till that time, and yet one seventh of the pay
was retained. If the money was due, why should
he not receive it? and if the Government have
wrongfully retained it, why should they not pay
interest? This amount is only what Government
contracted to pay. When it became due, they
did not pay it; and now the contractor only asks
that the sum which has been thus wrongfully
withheld should be paid to him, with the interest
due thereon. I must confess I see no ground,
either in justice or in equity, why it should not be
paid.
The Post Office Department at the time was
embarrassed; but they knew quite well that all
this time the mail was regularly transported ac-
cording to contract; they knew that the business
of the country demanded it; and now, forsooth,
they say that he is not entitled to anything—not
even to the original one seventh which the Gov-
ernment agreed to pay him. Now, sir, let me
conclude by saying that the Senate has settled
this question once or twice before; and when the
bill was last under consideration by the Senate,
they refused to strike the interest out. Sir, I have
not heard a voice speak against the justice of the
original claim, and yet, rather than pay the inter-
est which is justly due, it is sought to resist the
whole claim.' I submit to the Senate that jus-
tice, equity, every upright consideration, requires
that this claim, with the interest, should be forth-
with liquidated.
Mr. BAYARD. I rise simply to say as regards
the question of right—the legal right to the claim—
being now contested for the first time, that it is
extraordinary to me that such an allegation should
be made, when at a previous session of the Con-
gress of the United States, a bill providing for the
payment of this claim was indefinitely postponed,
and when, in violation of the rules which are fol-
lowed here, the bill was sent back to the commit-
tee without any additional testimony having been
obtained, and was afterwards reported back favor-
ably to the Senate. The claim was considered
sufficiently indefinite to induce the Senate to post-
pone it indefinitely, and yet I am told by the Sen-
ator from "Vermont, [Mr. Upham,] that the claim
is now contested for the first time, although, as 1
have shown, it has been brought forward here
through a violation of the rules ! In regard to my-
self, 1 should not have touched the question of in-
terest if i: had not been reinstated by a votfe of the
Senate, contrary to the vote cast when the bill had
been previously before it as in Committee of the
Whole. For that reason I find it necessary to
oppose the bill. I would not have opposed it, how-
ever, if the Senate had been willing that it should
pass; but when I am told, on this floor, that the
Postmaster General exercised the power according
to usage—usage which continued subsequent to
that time, as I am informed by the Department—
usage which was strictly in accordance with the
opinion of the law officer of the Government, one
of the most able and distinguished men that ever
filled that office, then, I say, that if, under such
circumstances, you allow the interest demanded,
because the claimant asserts that an outrage on
his rights was committed, there is no case in
which you can refuse the payment of interest.
I must confess that, in regard to this question,
I am more opposed to the payment of the interest
than to the payment of the principal; but the in-
terest being included, I feel compelled to vote
against the bill in toto. I believe that it is founded
on an erroneous principle, and that the Postmaster
General was authorized to exercise the power he
used.
The information I possess, that there is a large
class of persons, and a large class of cases depend-
ing on the action of the Senate in regard to this
bill, and only awaiting its passage to make similar
demands amounting in the aggregate to a large
sum, constitutes another reason why I shall op-
pose it, as I cannot understand-how they can be
i refused if the Senate should give its assent to the
principle.
I know that it is always a thankless and un-
pleasant task to oppose private measures; it is an
unpleasant duty to perform; but I do not come
here to act on such measures in accordance with
the dictates of my feelings. I look on the duty
as being judicial, rather than legislative, in its
character; and I endeavor, as far as my judg-
ment will permit, to decide on a private claim, as
a case between A and B would be decided accord-
ing to certain recognized rules of lav/. I know of
no principles of equity that can induce us to depart
from this principle.
Mr. HALE. I do not wish to occupy the time
of the Senate; but as I am acquainted with the
contractor in this case, and know something of the
merits of the question, I feel a degree of sympathy
as well as a desire to see justice done, it seems
to me that the Senate will not entertain all the nice
questions which have been so ably argued by the
honorable Senators from North Carolina [Mr.
Badger] and from Delaware, [Mr. Bayard,] as
to the legal rights of the party who performed the
service, and the legal right of the Postmaster Gen-
eral to discontinue the service; because the service
was actually rendered. And if the United States
were in a situation to be sued, and the old action
of common law of quantum meruit was brought,
by which the party urges that for so much service
rendered he must have so much, he would be en-
titled to recover, and the jury would be obliged to
give a verdict in his favor to the extent of the ser-
vice rendered, or in proportion to the time, which
is one seventh. I know that an old rule laid down
by a chief justice where I practiced law, was this;
that where a party has a legal right to recover
money, he has also a right to the interest from the
time the demand is first made, up to the time of
the rendering of the verdict. These are the plain
honest principles which should be applied in this
case. The service has been rendered, and the
Government has received the value of money
which it has retained. Let me illustrate it in the
way in which it was once illustrated upon me,
when I was arguing a case before a very respecta-
ble magistrate and a very sensible man, in behalf
of a man who was sued for a fine for the non-
performance of military service. I had raised a
dozen nice points in the case, ard argued it much
in the same manner that the Senator from Dela-
ware has argued the case before us, and I did it at
very great length. When I was through, the
judge looked me in the face and said: "Squire,
'pears to me your man did'nt train, and 'pears to
me he ought to pay a fine." Now that was ao
