THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1651
plain that I couldnot say another word. So I |j
think that in this case the judge would say, ;!
Seems to me the man carried the mail for you,
and seems to me yon ought to pay him for it." !j
That is all I have to say. i!
Mr. AlALLORY. 1 desire to say a single Jj
word on this subject, hecause I feel a peculiar in- •!
terest in it, from the fact th&t the State which I \\
have the ho/ior, m part, to represent, has some 'j
claims pending: which will be affected by the de~ 1
cision of the Senate. _ ,
We are constantly in the habit, on every Fri- ;
day, of adjudicating on private claims, taking into 1
consideration equitable principles alone. In this ji
particular case, the fact that the committee has ;;
decided that the sum was due to the claimant !l
some time since, is the starting point, and may be ..
considered as fixing the fact beyond question. ;
That being established, the United States are :
bound to pay the sum of money due to this indi-
vidual; but they are not only bound to pay the
money thus retained, but also for the loss caused
by such detention. The United States cannot
evade the obligation of paying interest on money,
any more than it is possible for an individual to ■
do so. And whyJ Because it is on that princi-
ple that the United States have proceeded m all
their transactions, as between nation and nation; ■
in every treaty or negotiation with foreign powers !
where money has been due to the United States, ;
interest has been exacted. Now, if the United ;
States did, in this case, as the committee asserts, ;
withhold the amount due to this individual, he is ;
as certainly entitled to payment on the s<imepr!n- ■
ciples of justice which have induced tins Govern-
ment to exact it from o*her nations; for it is quite
impossible that we can huve one nile applicable to
nations, and another as applicable to individuals, j
One of the strongest points as to the exaction of '
interest upon demands not liquidated, but which;
are equitably due, arises underrhe treaty of Ghent. .
It will be recollected tluU the Bmish canied off a ■
vast amount of property, some of which con-
sisted of slave*. Under the arbitrament of the ,
Emperor of Russia it wes decided ihat they should
pay for the property thus taken. The United i
States demanded interest, and the question wos: 1
if they paid for the propeity, they should pay for _
its use. Passing over this, and coming down to
the present day, it is well known that we have ,
exacted interest from our sister Republ'c of Mex- '
ico. Why, then, is this interest refused ? On'
what pretense is it refused, after you have agreed 1
10 pay the principal? It is opposed on thegiound !
that the Government is always ready to pay a
just demand. That being the philosophy, when
the facts do not support it, the philosophy must
fail.
I would say here, that scarcely a session pusses
in which interest is not adjudicated upon and al-
lowed bv special act of Congress. Having no
doubt, Mr. President, that the report of the com- •
iruttee which carefully examined tins question, is i
just, and that the sum in controversy was prop- j
erly due to the claimant, 1 cannot see any iea&on .
why we should refuse to pay the interest; but, on ■
the'contrary, everything in the history of the ad-
judication of the country, in my opinion, compels ,
us to pay it.
Mr. BRADBURY. I move to amend the bill 1
by striking out the date u 1837," and inserting ,
the date st 1852." It is not now in order to move
that the clause providing for the payment of in-
terest be stricken out, and therefore, for the pur-
pose of reaching that object, so fjr as it may be
clone withm our rules, I have offered this amend- ■
tnent. The effect of the amendment, if adopted, :
will be to provide for the payment of mterestefter _
the year 1852, instead of the year 1837 There-
marks of the Senator from jj'iorida [Mr. M.\l- ,
lory] show that this case is regarded as one of,
very considerable importance m settling the pun- t
tiple whether we will pay interest on any nnliqui- >
dated claims against the Government. He has
told us that his State, or the citizens of his State, 1
are largely interested in the decision of that qucs- ■
tion. The citizens of other States are similarly,
situated. Now.it becomes a very important ques-,
lion—upon which the payment of, not a few hun- j
dred, or a few thousand dollars, but of millions,:
may depend—whether Gotertn.iem will or will
not pay the interest on claim:-; winch are presented.
The honorable Senator from V ermont [Mr. Up-
ham) inquired, with very great pertinency, why
this demand should be rejected when other de-
raands of a similar character are paid ? I think :■
this cHse should be put upon precisely the same j!
-round as other demands of a'similar character, j;
But I wish to remind the Senate that a case of a
similar character was before us in the early part
of the session, that of Rufus Dwinell, and at that '
time the question of the payment of interest was !
raised, and the provision for its payment was !
struck out from the bill. The question now is, !
whether we will conform to that precedent, or |
whether we will depart from it, and provide an- !
other, and make a rule which will be regarded as !
a precedent, as we are now informed, for similar j
applications. ;
Air. BADGER. I do not rise to say anything j
upon this subject, but simply to remark that 1 !
could with great ease refute everything that the 1
Senator from Maine has said. Thete is nothing 1
n his remarks which may not be easily refuted, j
and J wish the Senate, therefore, to consider them '
as refuted. I
Mr. BRADBURY. That is easier said than ■
done. |
Mr. RUSK. I rise to express my solemn pro- ,
test against the course of reasoning pursued by j
the Senator from Maine. He does not say one i
word about the justice of allowing the interest on >
this claim, but we are to be frightened olf by the I
fact that we are about to establish a precedent by
which we are to pay Florida a large amount of ;
money. Is that fair? It is a sort of reasoning j
against which 1 protest. I ask the Senate to con- j
sider the question of the justice of this claim; and j
if it is a just claim, to pay it; and when any claim j
on the part of Florida or Maine, or any other i
State, comes up, if it is a just one I shall vote for ;
it. The history of the Government shows that i
we do not in aii cases follow precedents. When j
a claim comes up on which we are bound to pay j
interest, we pay it; and when we are not, we re- !
tuse it. j
Mr. BRADBURY. In the remarks which I 1
made J wished to call the attention of the Senate
to the fact that a claim involving precisely the
same principle had been reported on, and that the .
question of interest had been fully discussed and |
negatived at the beginning of the session. |
Mr. RUSK. Will the Senator from Maine j
permit me to interrupt him ? \ reported both these :
esses myself, and feel confident that there is no j
similarity, as he alleges. In the case alludeu to
by the Senator, the contractor had agreed that his
service might be curtailed; in this case there was ,
no such agreement. The cases are not the same. |
Air. BRADBURY. They involve the s^me i
principle. In the one case the individual came
forward and agreed to discontinue on receiving an
assurance that he should be paid; and the question
fur the consideration of the Senate wos, whether
he should receive interest after having presented j
and made proof of his claim to Congress. The j
subject was then fully discussed, and the question :
was settled as, in its opinion, it ought to be set- .
lied. I was disposed to acquiesce in thai decision,
and I referred to it simply as a case in which I had 1
no feelmg. In this case I am of opinion that the !
claim should be allowed; but if interest is paid in -
the one case it should be paid in the other. i
Mr. RUSK. I would ask the Senator whether j
the State of Maine has not been paid interest on ,
monev which it advanced for military purposes ? ;
Mr". BRADBURY. Maine has been treated
precisely in the same manner as fourteen other :
States; but she has not, as yet, been paid interest. ,
In the reference I have made, I alluded to a
principle which 1 supposed the Senate had estao- ■
iished: and I have not gone into the question at
length, because 1 did not desire to argue U,_but ■
merely to recall the fact to the recollection of Sen- :
ators- If the Senate sees fit to pay interest m the ■
present case, let it provide for its payment in
other cases also, and I shall be satisfied with that
decision.
It is an invidious act, I know, to resist private
. claims, but I consider it exceedingly important
: that we should act with uniformity, and with
; something like consistency of principle. That was
! my object in making these remarks.
; Mr. MALLORA I will make one remark in
! reply to the Senator from Maine. He has spoken
of the establishment of a principle, and that prm-
, ciple, if I understand it, is, that the United States
will not pay interest.
Mr. BRADBURY. On unliquidsted demands
against the Government.
iVlr. MALLORY. That is not a principle,but
a practice. No legislation has ever been had by
which any such principle has been established;
but so iar as legislation has gone it has been to
establish one directly the contrary. I hold m my
hand a list of cases, which the Senator from Maine
may examine if he chooses, in which the United
states have departed from this alleged principle,
aod hove paid interest. Now, this is the principle
established by the legislation of the country, that
wheie a sura of money is proved to be due—not
legally, but equitably—there we pay interest, and
that ptinciple has been followed in nearly every
nf Congress by practical legislation.
gality and the
equity of the case of Florida is guarantied by
treaty stipulations, and there is nu rule that can
go behind them, while this case is simply based
upon the report of a committee.
Mr. BORLAND. Before the vote is taken, I
desire to state the ground on which I shall vote
for tins bill. I do not think there is any legal
claim on the part of this individual against the
Government, or that he has any claim on the
around of this contract; but I do think, as he ren-
dered the service, and the service was valuable,
that we ought to pay him for it. On equitable
S.rouno.i, then, I would say, we should pay him,
but not on the principle that there is any legal ob-
ligation to pay by the operation of that contract.
1 think some want of discrimination has been
manifested in the discussion hereupon this ques-
tion, growing out of the use of the term " route."
All are well aware that mail routes are established
by act of Congress. The Postmaster General
has nothing to do with the continuance' or discon-
tinuance of mail routes. But after they have been
established by Congress, then it is at the dis-
cretion of the Postmaster Geneial to contract for
service upon them, and to modify that service, or
discontinue it, if n becomes improper or useless.
The continuance of the route, therefore, does not
make the contract for service binding upon the
Postmaster General to pay this amount. The
Postmaster General discontinued the service, and
not the route, and therefore he released himseh
and the Government from ail legal obligation to
pay the full amount of compensation agreed upon,
and b'ft no more obligation on himself or the
Government than to pay pro tula for the service
rendered. That is my view of the legal question.
But, as I said, the individual did render the ser-
vue; the postmaster continued to deliver and re-
. reive the mail, according to the original contract.
The Government received the benefit of his ser-
vice-, and therefore the individual ought to be
■ paid, as I am unwilling that the Government
'shall jeceive a valuable consideration without
paving for it.
The amendment was rejected, and the bill was
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading—yeas?
29, nays 7.
Ad.'ir «, Atchison, Bndirer, Borland,
Brooke, Cliailton, CIaikf\ Davis. I)t* Sau-bure, Dodse of
Wi-coiivjn, Foot. Cover. Gwui, Hal'*, .lamp-. Jon^s of
IrvAR, Malloiy. Murium, Moiimi, Noni-, Ru'^k, Smith,
Sou!.-, s?'>iu.uiee, Sumhe), Upham, Walker, and
Wellei—-29.
NAVS-Mfi.-'h. bay;i!d. Bradbury, Dawson, Dodge
nffow.i, Hunter, King, and Tonrov -7.
JOHN WILLIAMS.
On motion by Mr. .TAMES, the Senate pro-
ceeded, as in Committee of the Whole, to con-
sider the bill for the celuf of John Williams. U
■ directs thA Se* rtVt y of the Inteiior to place the
[ name- of John Willioms, 'are a marine m th.; ue■.
. vice of the United State?, upon th« hst of pen-
' sioneis, nnd pay him a pensv«-t f.ir f-nnre riwabil-
; ity—the pennon to commence Aprii 5, 1848, and
continue during h.s life.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
' amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
; third reading.
j JAMES C. WATSOJVt
' Mr. DA V>rSO N7. 1 desire to request my friend,
j the chanman of the Committee on Indian Affairs,
' who reported House bill for the relief of the legal
' represeniat.ves of James C. Watson, of Georgia.
' to move to take it up for consideration.
1 Mr- ATCHISON. At the request of the Sen-
