THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
xvii
months and twenty-nine days, being- one half of
the salary of the charge d'affaires, and in full for
all such service for the period named, sixteen hun-
dred and eighty-one dollars and twenty-five cents.
That the Secretary of State cause the accounts
of Joseph Balestier, late special agent of the United
States in Asia, to be settled in such manner as to
allow him his traveling and other necessary ex-
penses incurred in returning to the United States
after receipt of notice of the termination of his mis-
sion; and that his salary as such agent be also
allowed from the time when it was discontinued
until a reasonable time for his return, not exceed-
ing six months, to be paid out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
To Anthony Ten Eyck, for additional compen-
sation as iate Commissioner to the Sandwich
islands, being the same amount allowed by act of
September thirtieth, eighteen hundred and fifty,
to Charles Eames, his successor, three thousand
dollars.
Public Lands.—For salary of the recorder of
land titles in Missouri, five hundred dollars.
For compensation for secretary to sign patents
for public lands, one thousand five hundred dol-
lars.
Forsalaries and commissions of registers of land
offices, and receivers of public moneys, one hun-
dred and twenty-six thousand eight hundred dol-
lars.
For expenses of depositing public moneys, by
receivers of public money, twenty-three thousand
five hundred and eighty dollars.
For incidental expense? of the-several land offi-
ces, thirty-four thousand two hundred and forty
dollars.
Surveys of Public Lands.—For surveying the
public lands, including incidental expenses and
special surveys, demanding augmented rates, to
be applied and apportioned to the several districts
according to the exigencies of the public service;
the part to be applied to the surveys required by
the location and' survey of private claims in Flor-
ida, to be disbursed at a rate not exceeding five
dollars per mile, in addition to the unexpended
balances of former appropriations, one hundred
and fifteen thousand dollars.
For survey of the islands in Saginaw bay and
river, and other islands on the coast of Lakes Hu-
ron and Michigan, six hundred dollars.
For correcting erroneous and defective lines of
the public and private surveys in Missouri, at a
rate not exceeding six dollars per mile, including
office work, two thousand five hundred dollars.
For completing the survey of towns and villages
in Missouri named in the act of June thirteenth,
eighteen hundred and twelve, and May twenty-
sixth, eighteen hundred and twenty-four, one
thousand dollars.
For transcribing records of private land claims
in the office of recorder of land titles at St. Louis,
twelve hundred dollars.
For additional compensation to certain deputy
surveyors in Illinois and Missouri, for corrective
and detached surveys, one thousand six'hundred
and ninety-four dollars and forty-seven cents.
For the payment of a balance due for survey-
in0- done in the State of Mississippi, in the year
eighteen hundred and forty-one, seven hundred
and one dollars and forty-two cents.
Forcompensation of surveyors and other agents
required in Illinois and Missouri, and Florida, to
carry into effect the act of September twenty-eighth,
eighteen hundred and fifty,granting swamp lands,
&c., six thousand dollars.
For surveys in Louisiana at augmented rates,
thirty-five thousand six hundred and eighty-six
dollars.
For survey of private claims in Florida, under
the act of June twenty-eighth, eighteen hundred
and forty-eight, including the work now under
contract, ten thousand dollars.
For completing certain surveys in Florida, at a
rate not exceeding six dollars per mile, in conse-
quence of the peculiar difficulties attending the
execution of the same, on account of swamps,
Jakes, marshes,&c., and for scrap work, ten thou-
sand dollars.
For surviving standard parallels, township and
section lines in Oregon, at a rate not exceeding
twelve dollars per mile, including incidental ex-
penses, sixty-two thousand dollars.
For surveying two thousand six hundred and
twenty-five miles of meridian, base, and standard
lines, meandering and survey of irregular or river
lots, &c., at a rate not exceeding fifteen dollars per
mile, thirty-nine thousand three hundred and sev-
enty-five dollars.
For subdividing lands in California into town-
ships, equal to two thousand seven hundred miles
of surveying, at a rate not exceeding fourteen dol-
lars-per mile, thirty-seven thousand eight hundred
dollars..
For subdividing one hundred and fifty town-
ships in California into sections, at a rate not ex-
ceeding twelve dollars per mile, one hundred and
eight thousand dollars.
For extending surveys in California through
the mineral region, twenty thousand dollars.
For surveying private claims in California which
may have been presented in good faith to the
Board of Land Commissioners, twenty-two thou-
sand five hundred dollars: Provided, That the
authority hereby conferred on the Surveyor Gen-
eral shall apply only to such unconfirmed cases as
in the gradual extension of the tines of the public
surveys he shall "find within the immediate sphere
of his operations, and which he is satisfied ought
to be respected, and actually surveyed in advance
of confirmation.
For subdividing the islands of Santa Cruz, San
Miguel, or Santa Rosa, San Bernardo, Santa Cata-
lina, San Clemente, or San Salvador, San Nicho-
las, and Santa Barbara, on the Coast of Califor-
nia, by the Coast Survey, according to such plan
as may be devised by the General Land Office, so
that said islands may be readily disposed of under
the laws of the United States, and in establishing
the necessary corners along the meanders with
which to connect the lines of the subdivisions un-
der this appropriation, twenty thousand dollars:
Provided, That the Superintendent of the Coast
Survey shall return to the General Land Ofiice two
complete copies of the maps and field notes of said
subdivisions with the meanders and connections
aforesaid, one of which shall be for the records
of the Surveyor General: Jlixd provided jurthtr,
That all leases of any of said islands, or of any
part of either of them now outstanding, shall be
regarded as without authority and.void.
For rent of Surveyor General's office, purchase
of instruments, records, drawing materials, furni-
ture, fuel,payof messenger, &e., eleven thousand
four hundred dollars.
For completing the geological survey of the iron
region of that portion of Michigan which borders
on Lake Superior, fifteen hundred dollars.
For defraying the expense of surveying and
marking the boundary between the States of Mis-
souri and Iowa, under the recent decision and or-
der of the Supreme Court, eleven thousand and
forty-two dollars and sixty-eight cents.
Public Buildings.—For compensation of the
Commissioner of Public Buildings, two thousand
dollars.
For the compensation of a clerk in the office of
the Commissioner of Public Buildings, one thou-
sand dollars.
For the annual repairs of the Capitol, water-
closets, public stables, pavements, and other walks
within and around the Capitol square, the flagging
in the crypt, the doors of the wood-vaults, and
for repainting the crypt, faces of the wood-vaults,
&c., seven thousand dollars.
For the purchase of two thousand feet of six-
inch iron water-pipe, to conduct the water to the
Capitol, and for laying the same, two thousand
five hundred dollars.
For annual repairs of the President's House
and improvements of the grounds, viz: Repairs of
the roof and chimneys, replacing defective stone
at the base of the house, laying brick walks from
the house to the Treasury, War, and Navy De-
partments; cleaning, painting, and whitewashing
the inside of the house, repairing gravel walks,
paving brick gutters in the grounds, fitting new
blinds to the south windows outside, six thousand
one hundred and fifty dollars.
For compensation to the doorkeeper of the Pres-
ident's House, five hundred dollars; and assistant
doorkeeper of the same, three hundred and sixty-
five dollars.
For compensation of two watchmen at the
President's House, at a salary of five hundred
dollars each per annum, one thousand dollars.
For compensation of the public gardener, twelve
hundred dollars.
For compensation of sixteen laborers employed
j in the public grounds and President's garden, at
| forty dollars per month, seven thousand six hun-
drea and eighty dollars.
| To enable the Secretary of the Interior to pur-
l chase a suitable number of iron settees to be placed
: in the public grounds at the Capitol and Presi-
1 dent's House, the sum of eight hundred and forty
dollars.
For compensation of the keeper of the western
gate of the Capitol grounds, seven hundred and
thirty dollars.
For compensation of two additional day watch-
men, to be employed in preserving the public
grounds about the Capitol, authorized by the act
; of fifteenth May, eighteen hundred and fifiy, to
supply deficiencies, and the act of thirtieth Sep-
tember, eighteen hundred and fifty, makingappro-
priations for the civil and diplomatic expenses of
Government, at five hundred dollars each, one
thousand dollars.
For compensation of the messenger in charge of
the main furnace in the Capitol, three hundred
and fifty dollars.
For compensation of the laborer in charge of the
water-closets in the Capitol, three hundred and
sixty-five dollars.
For cart hire upon the public grounds, one
thousand dollars.
For the purchase of manure for the public
grounds, one thousand dollars.
For the purchase of tools for laborers, five hun-
dred dollars.
For the purchase of trees and tree-boxes, to
replace when necessary such as have been planted
by the United States, and for repairs of pavements
in front of the public grounds, thirteen hundred
dollars.
To complete and revise the grades in the city of
. Washington, and to determine the plane for the
; drainage and sewerage thereof, six thousand dol-
' lars; the surveys and plans to be made by the en-
gineer now in charge of that duty, under the
direction of the President of the United States.
To enable the President of the United States to
cause the necessary surveys, projects, and esti-
mates to be made for determining the best means
of affording the cities of Washington and George-
town an unfailing and abundant supply of good
and wholesome water—report thereof to be made
to Congress at its next session—the sum of five
thousand dollars, or so much .thereof as may be
found necessary.
For defraying the expenses incurred in the im-
provement and for embellishing the triangular space
on the north side of Pennsylvania avenue, between
Thirteenth and Fourteenth streets, five thousand
one hundred and fifty dollars.
To enable the Secretary of the Interior, under
the direction of the President of the United States,
to purchase a site in the neighborhood of Wash-
ington, and for the erection,furnishing, and fitting
up of an asylum for the insane of the District of
i Columbia, and of the Army and Navy of the Uni-
' ted States, one hundred thousand dollars: Pro-
i vickd, That the -whole expense of purchasing the
site, and of erecting, furnishing, and fitting up the
building, shall not exceed the sum herein appro-
priated.
For compensation of two draw-keepers, and for
fuel and oil for the lamps of the Potomac bridge,
one thousand three hundred and seventy-seven
j dollars and fifty cents.
! For the support, care, and medical treatment in
! the Washington Infirmary of twelve transient pau-
pers, medical and surgical patients, two thousand
dollars.
For compensation and contingent expenses of
the auxiliary guard, fourteen thousand eight hun-
dred dollars.
| For compensation of two draw-keepers, and for
I fuel and oil for the lamps of the two bridges across
j the Eastern Branch of the Potomac river, nine
! hundred dollars.
j For repairs of the two bridges over the Eastern
I Branch of the Potomac river, four thousand nine
I hundred and ninety-nine dollars; and that the
I bridges across the Potomac and Eastern Branch
j thereof be surrendered to the authorities of the
j District of Columbia.
I For lighting Pennsylvania avenue from the Cap-
[ itol grounds to the President's house, the Capitol
I grounds, the President's house and grounds, and
I the streets around the executive offices, sixteen
; thousand dollars.
