^Vlll
THE CONGUESS ION A L GLOBE
For inclosing Lafayette; Square with an iron
fence, including four gates,' twelve thousand dol-
For defraying the expense incurred in the im-
provement of Lafayette Square, three thousand
nine hundred and eighty-eight dollars. .
' For the completion of the east wing of the Pat-
ent Qifi.ee Building,one hundred and three thousand
dollars: Provide#, That the work' and'materials
furnished by contract for said building,, and like-
wise the materials for the extension of the Capitol,
be measured agyeeabjy^tfl the original, contracts,
and that'nq further payments be made until the
measurement is made and reported. The contracts
and the proposals to be putin the hands of the
measurer, and he or they to be sworn before en-
tering on duty tp examine and measure and report
every part of the work and materials without de-
viation from the contracts and proposals; and' if it
be shown that any.,e_xtra materials are used, they
to be rated, at" the pro reprice for materials only,
and entered in a separate column of the account.
And the same rule or measurement to be applied
to all other .buildings amT other public works and
contracts in this District. And it shall be the duty
of the Comptroller of the Treasury to arrest and
stop any voucher not ma'de in form and in accord-
ance with the terms of.the contract against which
it is drawn. And it is hereby made.a penal offense
for every measurer and inspector of work, or dis-
bursing officer, to make, or present, or to pass, or
attempt to pass, any falsely made or .fictitious
v.oucher to draw money from the Treasury on any
contract,or accounts whatever; and that all con-
tracts shall hereafter be advertised at least'sixty
days before letting; and that all contracts now ex-
isting in relation to building the addition's to5 the
.Capitol, as well, as the Patent Office, ijot made ac-
cording to law, are hereby canceled at the end of
 ixty clays, and notice of the same gjiill be given
in all the newspapers in the_city of "Washington;
arid that all contracts of every description which
have been made without public notice haying been
given, where notice was required, shall be can-
celed after sixty days'notice having been given
in the newspapers of thi^-city: Provided, also, That
good and sufficient security shall be given for twice
the amount of money at, any time to be advanced
to the contractor, under any contract; and that
bids shall be opened in presence of the bidders, if
they, or any one of them, should be present, and
that notice to that effect shall be given in the ad-
vertisement for proposals, to be published agree-
ably to this proviso. . And all, contracts made
without an appropriatioM,pf money for an object,
the subject of a contract, are hereby canceled and
declared void.
For finishing the front of the basement of the
center building of the .Patent Office and making it
conform to the design of the wings, three thousand
two hundred dollars..
For the erection of.th^e..west wing of the Patent
Office Building, and completing the drains for said
building and of the Post Office .Building, one hun-
dred and fifty thousand dollars.
For taking up, repairing, and relaying the steps
of the east portico of the Capitol, and for taking
up, dressing, supplying new flagging, and relaying
the same in the arcade under the portico, one
thousand five hundred dollars.
For grading and paving with round stone the
carriage-way of Pennsylvania avenue fron Seven-
teenth street west to Rock Creek, setting curb-stone
on each side thereof at the distance of twenty-five
feet from the building line, and relaying the flag
footways at the intersection of the cross streets,
twenty thousand dollars.
Miscellaneous.—For salaries and incidental ex-
penses of the Commission appointed under the act
of March third, eighteen hundred and fifty-one,
for settling land claims m California, fitly thousand
dollars: Provided, That said Board be authoiizec!
to appoint- and employ one secretary and three
clerks, in lieu of the number provided for in the
above recited act, whose annual compensation
shall be two thousand dollars each.
For annuities and grants seven hundred and
fifty dollars.
For expenses of loans and Treasury notes,
twenty thousand dollars.
To carry into effect the act approved September
the twenty-eighth, eighteen hundred and fifty, for
the purchase of a cemetery, near the city of Mexico,
and the interment therein of the remains of the
American officers and soldiers'who fell in battle
or otherwise died in or near the city of Mexico,
the sum of three thousand dollars, which, or so
much thereof as may be necessary, shall be_ ex-
pended for this purpose under the direction of the
President of the United States. And interments
of citizens Of the United States who have hereto-
fore died or may hereafter die in Mexico may be
made in said cemetery, under such regulations as
may be prescribed by tlie President of the United
States. 1
" For the discharge of such miscellaneous claims
not otherwise provided for as shall be admitted in
due course of settlement at the Treasury, five
thousand dollars: Provided, That no part of the
appropriation shall be drawn from the Treasury
except in pursuance of some law or resolution of
Congress authorizing the,expenditure.
" To supply the 'deficiency in the fund for the
relief of sick and disabled seamen, one hundred
thousand dollars.
As indemnity to Jonathan Elliott, commercial
agent of the United State's at Santo Domingo, for
amount expended by him" in maintaining refugees
in the late revolution at that place, six hundred
dollars.
There shall he allowed'and paid to each of the
following .persons, Charles H. Sherman, Lewis
E. Jackson, iieh'ry Taylor, Frederick Morris,
and John Davies, mariners, sent into the poft of
New York and detained " there as witnesses for
the United States, one dollar-and twenty-five cents
for each day necessarily occupied on the voyage
and arriving in New York; and the judge of the
district court of the United States in which the
said witnesses have been detained to testify shall
allow and eauue.the same to be paid as other wit-
nesses' fees are paid.
For compensation of the warden, clerk, physi-
cian, chaplain, two assistant keepers,four guards,
and porter of the penitentiary of the District of
Columbia, seven thousand three hundred and fifty
dollars.
For compensation of three inspectors of said
penitentiary, three hundred dollars.
For the support and maintenance of said peni-
tentiary, fifteen hundred and sixty dollars.
For clerk hire, stationery, rent, fuel, and con-
tingencies in the completion of the Census of eigh-
teen hundred and fifty, forty-nine thousand doJ-
lars. - ' '
For the support, clothing, and medical treatment
of msajie paupers of the District of Columbia, at
such places as the Secretary of the Interior may,
in his discretion, deem proper, nineteen thousand
dollars.
For running and marking the boundary line be-
tween the United States and Mexico, under the
treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo, one hundred and
twenty thousand dollars: Provided, That no part
of this appropriation shall be used or expended
until it shall be made satisfactorily to appear to
the President of the United States that the south-
ern boundary of New Mexico is not established
by the Commissioner and Surveyor of the United
States further north of the town called " Paso,"
than the same is laid down in Disturnell's map,
which is added to the treaty.
For arrearages incurred during the fiscal year
ending the thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred and
fifty-two, for running and marking the boundary
line between the United States and Mexico, under
the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo, twenty-five thou-
sand dollars.
For the collection of agricultural statistics, and
purchase of seeds, to be paid out of the patent
fund, five thousand dollars.
For compensation of the librarian of the Patent
Office, twelve hundred dollars, to be paid out of
the patent fund.
For the purpose of erecting a pedestal in La-
fayette Square for the equestrian statute of An-
drew Jackson, on such plan as may be approved
of by the artist for that work, five thousand dol-
lars .
For freight and transportation of the group of
statuary contracted for with Horatio Greenough,
from Leghorn to "Washington, and for placing it
upon the pedestal m front of the eastern portico
of the Capitol, a sum not exceeding seven thousand
dollars.
To make good the interest on investments in
stocks of the State of Arkansas held in trust by
the Secretary of the Treasury for the Chickasaw
Indians not yet paid, to be reimbursed out of the
interest when collected, five thousand four hun-
dred dollars.
For the construction and equipment of not less
than six revenue cutters, the sum of ninety thou-
sand dollars; the said sum to be expended under
the'direction of the Secretary of the Treasury.
For the redemption of seventeen loan-office cer-
tificates, numbered one hundred and fifty-eight,
three hundred and twelve, six thousand eight hun-
dred and ninety-five, six thousand eight hundred
and ninety-six, six thousand eight hundred and
ninety-seven, six thousand eight hundred and
ninety-eight, six thousand eight hundred and
ninety-nine, six thousand and nine hundred, six
thousand nine hundred and one, six thousand nine
hundred and two, nine thousand one hundred and
seventy-five, nine thousand two hundred and
eighty-five, nine thousand two hundred and eighty-
seven, nine thousand two hundred and eight-eight,
nine thousand two hundred and ninety-three, nine
thousand two hundred and ninety-four, and twelve
thousand three hundred and thirty-three, which
have been presented at the Treasury for payment
at the specie value thereof and with interest as
computed by the Register of the Treasury: Pro-
vided, Satisfactory evidence be produced to the
Secretary of the Treasury that the persons who
have presented the said certificate for paymentare
the bona fide holders of the same, four thousand
one hundred and sixty-five dollars and forty-two
cents.
To enable the Clerk of the House of Represent-
atives to " deliver to each of the members and
delegates of the House of the present'Congress,
who have not already received them, such books
as have been furnished to the members of the
Twenty-eighth, Twenty-ninth, Thirtieth, and
Thirty-first Congresses, "and which were ordered
by resolution of the House of July twenty-sixth,
eighteen hundred and fifty-two, one hundred and
fifteen thousand eight hundred dollars: Provided,
That the accounts for the purchase of said books
be audited as usual by the Committee on Accounts:
Provided, That report shall be made in detail at the
commencement of the next session of Congress of
the mode and manner of purchase of these books,
and whence they were obtained.
To enable the Clerk of the House of Represent-
atives to pay Force&, Rives for one hundred copies
of the eighth volume of the American Archives,
or Documentary History of. the United States, for
new members of the House of the Twenty-eighth
Congress; one hundred and one copies of the same
volume for new members of the Twenty-ninth
Congress; one hundred and sixteen copies of the
same volume for new members of the H'ouse of
the Thirtieth Congress; and onehundred and thirty-
four copies of the same volume for new members
of the House of the Thirty-first Congress; in all,
four hundred and fifty-one volumes, at thirteen
dollars ninety cents and six mills per copy, in ad-
dition to six hundred and forty dollars and thirty-
six cents, an unexpended balance of a former ap-
propriation, five thousand six hundred and thirty-
one dollars and twenty-five cents.
To enable the Clerk of the House of Represent-
atives to pay for reporting andpublishing twenty-
eight hundred columns of the proceedings of the
present session of the House of Representatives
m the Daily Globe, at seven dollars and fifty cents
per column, twenty-one thousand dollars."
To enable the Clerk of the House of Represent-
atives to pay a balance due for reporting and pub-
lishing proceedings of the House, second session
of the Thirty-first Congress, at the rate of' seven
dollars and fifty cents per column in the Dailv
Globe, six hundred and forty-nine dollais and fifty
cents.
To enable the Clerk of the House of Represent-
atives to pay for twenty-four copies of the Cnngres-
! sional Globe and Appendix of the first session of
I the Thirty-second Congress for each member and
I delegate of the House, thirty-four thousand two
! hundred and seventy-two dollars; and for binding
the same, being twenty-two thousand seven hun-
dred and fifty-two volumes, in strong and substan-
tial half-binding, with Russia leather back and cor-
ners, at a rate not exceeding sixty Eents per vol-
ume, thirteen thousand six hundred and fifty-one
dollars and twenty cents: Provided, Theforegoing
expenditures, to be madeby the Clerk of theHousc
of Representatives, shall lie under the control and
superintendence of the Committee on Accounts.
