1652
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July %,
ator from Georgia, I move to postpone all prior
orders for the purpose of taking up that bill.
Mr. BADGER. I wish one of the gentlemen
would inform us, before we agree to the motion,
whether there is any interest included in that bill.
Mr. DAWSON. No, sir.
The motion was'agreed to, and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the bill as in Committee of the
Whole. It enacts that the Treasurer of the Uni-
ted States shall pay to the legal representatives of
General James C. Watson, late of the State' of
Georgia, deceased, $>14,600, with six per cent, in-
terest per annum from May 8, 1838, until paid,
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, being the amount paid by him, under
the sanction of the Indian agent, to certain Creek
warriors for slaves captured by said warriors
while they were in the service of the United States
against the Seminole Indians m Florida.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Is there a report accom-
panying the bill ? I should like to know why in-
terest should be paid in this case. If I under-
stand the reading of the bill correctly, it provides
for the payment of interest ?
Mr. BADGER. I would suggest, that if inter-
est is provided for, there must surely be an over-
sight on the part of my friend from Georgia, and
he will move to strike out that provision immedi-
ately.
Mr. DAWSON. There is a- report accom-
panying the bill, which I hope will be read.
The report of the Committee on Claims of the
House was read, from which it appears that at
the first session of the Thirtieth Congress, a report
was made on the case, ill which the committeefully
concur; and also one made at the Twenty-seventh
Congress, which contains a correct statement of
the material facts, in the conclusions of which
report the committee of the Thirtieth Congress
concur, except as to the amount which, upon
principles of justice and good faith, ought to be
allowed. Believing the advancement of $14,600,
made by Mr. Watson to the agent of the Creek
Indians, was made under circumstances to pro-
duce a confident belief that the Government would
cause the slaves then m its possession for safe-
keeping, to be delivered to the Creeks, or their
properly-authorized agent or agents, in accord-
ance with the agreement entered into by General
Jesup and tiie Creek warriors, and ratified, as the
committee conceive, by the Government, arid
which was probably the main inducement for the
Creeks to take part against the Seminoles, but
which, from high considerations of humanity and
policy, was not done; and Mr. Watson and bis
representatives having been m no default, they
recommend an indemnity equal to the amount
advanced by Mr. Watson, with six per cent,
interest froni May 8, 18.'i8, until paid.
Mr. DAWSON. I v/.'ll stale to my friend from
Pennsylvania [Mr. BiiUiniuAo] the reason why
the committee of both Houses have agreed to
recommend the payment of interest. The amount
of §14,GOO was advanced by General Watson to
the Government. They gave him an order in-
stantly upon the War Department to pay the
money here; but when he got here they had not
the money. The case lias be n reported upon, I
believe, at every Congress for the last twelve
years, and it has ftnahv passed the House of
Ilepresemalive.f. The pi.ac'ple upon which they
put m the inteirst is tins: The money was ad-
vanced to Hie Uciveriimeiit, and the debt was recog-
mzed. That is the ouiy ground upon which they
claim the interest, and tl>e Committee on Indian
Affairs unanimously recommend it. My course
upon the subject of interest grew out of the fact,
that wherever the Government is indebted, it is
presumed to have the money to pay it; but when
it gives an order, and the money is not paid, but
the payment is delayed from time to time, the
case is altered, and the interest should be paid.
That is the case, as I think the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs will bear me out in saying.
Mr. CHASE. This is a bill which involves a
principle of very considerable importance. It is
one upon which I desire to submit a few remarks
to the Senate. The bill has been taken up out of
its regular order, and 1 am not prepared to make
my remarks at tiiis time; I therefore move that its
further consideration be postponed until next
Friday.
Mr. ADAMS. I desire to inquire how long
the bill has been in possession of the Senate ?
Mr. DAWSON. Some weeks.
Mr, ADAMS. Then Senators have had time
to prepare themselves for its consideration; and,
if a majority are prepared to vote upon it, I hope
we will do it now.
• Mr. DAWSON. I trust my friend from Ohio
will withdraw his objection to considering the bill
at this time. 1 trust the bill will give rise to no
discussion. I see no necessity for debating it, as
it provides for satisfying a clear right which is
recognized everywhere; and the parties have been
for a long time kept out of the money which is
due to them. I will be very much obliged to him
if he will withdraw his motion. The whole pro-
ceedings ill the hill are entirely in accordance with
his views, as I will submit to the chairman of the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. ATCHISON. Yes, sir; the persons in
regard to whom the claim originated were indi-
viduals that should have been slaves. It was
agreed to by General Jesup, and sanctioned by
this Government, that the Creeks should have, in
consideration of their assisting the United States
in the war against the Seminoles, all this kind of
property which they should take; but, iifstead of
turning them over to the Creeks, it never was
done. General Watson advanced the $14,000,
reported in the bill, to satisfy them; so that the
Senator's Free-Soil views, his humane views, in
this instance were carried out by the Government
at the expense of Watson.
Mr. CHASE. I would very cheerfully, at the
: request of the Senator from Georgia, withdraw
the motion which I made, if I did not really be-
' lieve, from the attention I have given to the sub-
, ject, that the bill involves an important principle
to which I desire to ask the candid consideration
| of the Senate. I know it was largely debated in
; the House of Representatives; and while I would
[ not go into any unnecessary discussion of its
I merits, I am very desirous to have a little oppor-
j tunity to arrange the ideas which I desire to pre-
sent to the Senate on the subject. It is a cour-
tesy which I believe the Senate has never refused,
and I trust it will not be denied now.
Mr. BADGER. As it is probable that the
further consideration of the bill will be postponed
for the accommodation of the Senator from Ohio,
and as I shall probably not be in my place
next Friday, I will take the liberty of throwing
out a suggestion for the benefit of my friend from
Georgia. I am satisfied myself, from the state-
ment made, that the interest upon this sum of
money ought to be allowed. I cannot conceive
such a thing as a man's lending money to the
Government—making an advance of money to it
—without the Government coming under an obli-
gation to pay him the usual interest for the use
of it. But I want to draw the attention of my
friend from Georgia to this fact: He was very
■ sure that poor Ira Day was not entitled to interest
upon his small sum of money, though Mr. Wat-
son, who I take to be from Georgia, is entitled to
; interest upon fourteen thousand and odd dollars,
j What is the difference between the two eases? Mr.
i Watson voluntarily made an advance of money to
the Government, and did not stipulate for interest;
but in the case of Ira Day, the Government's
agent having, say, $1,000 of Ira's money, and
being short of funds to carry on the Government,
said to Ira, " You shall not have the $1,000, but
we will keep it to use in the Department." That
is what used to be called in old times a " forced
loan. " The point to which I wish to draw atten-
tion is this: If the Senator holds that interest
ought not to he paid upon the forced loan, how
i can he hold that it ought to be paid upon a volun-
| tary loan made without contracting for it?
I Mr. DAWSON. In reply to that, I would say
[ that I am a law-abiding man. "Whenever the ma-
jority of the Senate decide a principle, I yield, and
of course 1 consider myself under the control of
the body, and driven to support the interest in this
case. [Laughter.]
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
JOHN A. LYNCH.
On motion by Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, the bill
for the relief of John A. Lynch was read a second
time, and considered by the Senate as in Commit-
tee of the Whole. It directs the Secretary of the
Treasury to pay to John A. Lynch, for his ser-
vices as clerk in that Department, from the 10th
of August to the 7th of December, 1846, at the
rate of three dollars per day.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Since the bill was reported
from the Committee on Claims, the person for
whose benefit it was reported has died, and I un-
derstand his widow is very much in need of
money. I move to amend the bill, by inserting
after the words " pay to," the words," the widow
of the late," so as to make it read, "That the
Secretary of the Treasury be directed to pay to
the widow of the late John A. Lynch," &c.
The amendment was agreed to. The bill was
reported to the Senate as amended; the amend-
ment was concurred in; and the bill was ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion by Mr. MASON, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of Executive business;
and after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened, and
The Senate adjourned to Tuesday next.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, July 2, 1852.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Rev. C. M. Butler.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
RIGHT OF WAY AND GRANTS OP LAND.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the consideration of a bill reported from the
Committee on Public Lands, entitled a bill grant-
ing the right of way and a donation of land to the
State of Alabama, to aid m the construction of
the Memphis and Charleston, and Selma and
Gunter's Landing, and Winchester and Tennes-
see river rail loads, upon which the gentleman from
Alabama [Mr. Cobb] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. SUTHERLAND. I rise to make a cor-
rection of the Journal. I did not vote upon the
bill making a donation of land and granting the
right of way to aid in the construction of railroads,
and for other purposes, but stated that I had paired
off with Mr. Bowie, of Maryland. The Clerk
misunderstood me. Mr. Bowie would have voted
for the bill; I would have voted against it. He
got it the reverse.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is not re-
corded at all. The Chair recollects the remark
made by the gentleman at the time, that he had
paired off, and that he was opposed to the bill.
Mr. HAVEN. I desire to ask the unanimous
consent of the House to offer, and put upon its
passage, a joint resolution concerning a section of
my State, and in which no other member, that I
know of, is at all interested. Its consideration
will take but a moment. If the House will hear
it read, I am satisfied that there will be no objec-
tion to its introduction and adoption.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I insist on the regular
order of business. I do not know what is the char-
acter of my friend's resolution; but there are other
matters of great importance, which ought to be
considered.
Mr. COBB. Will the Chair state the pending
question upon the bill reported ?
The SPEAKER. The pending question is
upon the motion made by the gentleman that the
bill be recommitted to the Committee on Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. COBB. I withdraw the motion to commit
and to print.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I withdraw my objection
to the introduction of the resolution of the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Hayen,] if the time
taken in its consideration comes out of the morn-
ing hour. I do not care how that time is con-
sumed.
Mr. OLDS. I object, if it is to be taken out of
the morning hour. [Laughter.] That is the only
important hour We have now in the whole day.
Mr. COBB. My object in moving, when this
bill was last up, that it be recommitted to the
Committee on Public Lands, was, that it might
come up this morning regularly for consideration.
That motion I now withdraw. For the benefit of
those who to any extent might interest themselves
in the two great national roads I have been advo-
cating, I have caused to be placed before the
Clerk's desk two maps showing all the facts con-
nected with them. If gentlemen will only put
themselves to the trouble of giving the maps their
