740
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 13,
of a resolution indorsing his peculiar notion? of
fjtate-Rights. No, the day and hour will never
come, wlien the national Democratic party will
incorporate in its creed of faith this doctrine of the
peaceable and constitutional right of a State to
secede from the Union. Never. But should such
a proposition be presented to the Baltimore Con-
vention, it will be scouted from that convention
with indignation.
But, Mr. Chairman, nothwithstanding it has
been my pleasure, in days past, to regard the hon-
orable gentleman as a Democrat, to vote for hira
as a Democrat, I must confess that I have been
driven to the conclusion to suspect the genuineness
of liis Democracy. When the question was asked
the honorable gentleman by Mr. Chastain, of
Georgia, if he vyould support Lewis Cass, of
Michigan, for the Presidency, if nominated, lie re-
fused to answer the question. The boldness and
independence of character which should ever sig-
nalize a Southern gentleman upon that, as any
other question, seem to lu ve foisaken the honor-
able gentleman. Why, sir, I have no hesitancy
in saying that I will support the old veteran. His
manliness of character, his spotless integrity, com-
mend him to the nation as one of her brightest
jewels. The accomplished scholar, the able states-
man, and skillful diplomatist, should he be nomi-
nated, the nation will look to him as a pillar of
cloud by day and of fire by night, to guide her in
her onward and upward march to usefulness", to
honor, and to greatness. I am a Democrat, sir,
in whom there is no hypocrisy, 110 deceit, disguise,
or dissimulation. There is none in the principles
of the party. I go further, and say that if the
Baltimore Convention should nominate Sam Hous-
ton, of Texas, the old Tennessee Democrat, T, with
nineteen twentieths of theTennesseeans, (and their
name is Legion,) will give a loud Amen! He is a
Jackson Democrat, and notwithstanding the ex-
treme vicissitudes of life through which he has
passed, like the Hebrew children, he stands un-
scathed by the fiery furnace. Look at this man.
When a hoy he was commissioned by General
Jackson, and side by side, he fought the battles of
his country. In manhood he was elected Gov-
ernor of Tennessee. In after life, when domic
lowered over him and adversity came, he emi-
grated to Texas, where he redeemed a nation from
oppression, from anarchy, and from priestcraft.
Yes, sir, with a handful of men, he accomplished I
more than the Government of the United States I
with the Army and Navy at its back. He con- i
quered Mexico; took her President a prisoner;
established a Republic; was elected its President,
and afterwards presented it to this Government as o
E art of its vast domain. Oh, yes, sir, the Highland
arpt-rs never rallied more vagerly to the standard
of Rhoderirk Dhu, at im bogie blast, than I would
to the support of Sam Houston for the Presidency.
And if Mr. Buchanan, of the old law-abiding,
Constitution-loving, and right-recognizing Key-
stone of the Arch, should be presented, I, as a
Democrat, will support him, will vote for him, and
fight for him, if neecssary. I regard him as one
of the main pillars in our national edifice, if ihe
political economist and able jurist, George M.
Dallas, is presented, f will support him. °lf the
warm-hearted, chi-nlrie, and generous Dickinson
is presented, X will support him. If the young
giant of iiiiuois is piesenied, my heart will leap
with joy to sustain him. And" for the best of
reasons. Should our old shin of State ever lose
her ballast, split her planks, and spring a leak,
he knows what a hammer, a saw, a chisel, and
an auger were made for.
A Member. Would you support Marry ;
Mr. WILCOX. Yes, sir. t would do noth-
ing else but support Marcv. I am a Democrat—
the majority of the people of Mississippi are Dem-
ocrats. The patriotic Whigs of my district sup-
ported me as a Democrat—they will support me
again as a Union Democrat—1 know nothing else
but Democracy. The best evidence of Democracy
whicn o man can furnish, is to be willing to abide
the nomination of the National Democratic Con-
s-ention.
The^ distinguished gentlemen to whom I have
alluded in connection with the Presidency, are all
Union, acquiescing, compromise Democrats, and ■
stars of the tlrst magnitude—diamonds of the
first water. It \\outd be invidious in me to make
a distinction. I cannot find it m my heart to do
it. It is the business of the convention, and to it
fefer them. A sense of duty has constrained
in trespassing upon the House to this extent,
d I will here conclude.
Mr. BEALE next obtained the floor, and said:
r. Chairman, I feel impelled, for the first time
in mv life, although I have been a member of this
House for many years, to intrude some few ob-
jl servations upon the attention of this committee.
I There is a bill lying upon-your table, which pro-
il poses an appropriation of §500,000 for the contin-
j; uation of the wings of the Capitol. A select com-
:i mittee was appointed, early in this session, whose
;! duty it was to examine into the permanence, stabil-
jj ity, and quality of the foundation work to support
the superstructure that is intended to be put upon
it. Now, sir, I hold that the House ought to know
what are the sentiments of that committee, because
if they do not, they will legislate in the dark in re-
! lation to the appropriation of a very large amount
I of money. That, and that alone, impels me to
ji give the information which I possess on the sub-
ject.
;j I hope 1 shall be pardoned for referring to the
i] observations which the gentleman from Kentucky
i [Mr. Stanton] made on yesterday in relation to
ij this subject. That gentleman gave us his learn-
! ing in architecture, and told us of his long expe-
j rience as a mechanic, and he chose to depreciate
I the talents and probity of the committee.
;l Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I beg the gen-
ii tleman's pardon; J depreciated neither the talents
.; nor the probity of the committee.
ij Mr. BEALE. The gentleman was present, I
ji think, when the excavations weremadein the wall,
!l and I, too, was there, and he observed on yester-
SS day, that the committee were men of such dimin-
'! utive structure of mind and feeling, that they were
• I capable only of observing specks and blots upon the
' | great superstructures ofgenius and talent. [Laugh-
; ter.] Now, whether I come within this lamenta-
j ble category, I will not determine. I am willing1
j that my position in this House should be judged
by those who have known me since I have been
' here. I make no prehensions to talent, but I do
j make pretensions to probity.
j Permit me, sir, in a very succinct manner, to
! say what I know in relation to the examinations
j which have been made by the committee, and
j which I think the House should know before they
| vote an appropriation of $600,000 for continuing
; the work on the wings of the Capitol.
! The condition of my mind when I came to this
j work, was this: upon a survey of the outward ap-
pearance of the wall, I had two objections to it; the
first was, that I thought the stone was too small
for the magnitude of the wall, and the second was,
that there were very many lona: lines of stone run-
ning longitudinally with the wall, which did not
i appear to me to have breakers to sustain them.
1 Well, sir, this matter was inquired into by the
; committee. We had architect, builders, masons,
; and all that description of persons before us, and
i they all agreed on several great facts. The first
was, that the best wall which could be built, was
i of hewn stone, where each strata should be laid
; down with a little mortar on top, and the next
' j strata bi eaking against it. That was the be t wall
1 that could be built. The next best wall that could
! be built, was where there were leaders and stretch-
; ers run across the wall, and that in the npxt strata
heavy stones should be laid upon the junctions and
; smaller stones upon the superficial area. That is
i the next besr wall that could be built. There was
particular inquiry made in the committee as to the
j mode in which this wall had been built up, and ;
. the universal opinion was that it was safely built '
, and in the manner last indicated. We had the .
1 evidence of architects, builders, and masons—men |
who were not interested in the work, who had bid 1
, for it and been disappointed of getting emplov-
! ment, who swore to the durability and excellence ;
of the wall. Well, sir, I must confess, such is i
my confidence in human nature, that my objec-
tions were removed, especially when on speaking
to Mr. Walter, the architect, in relation to these ,
j long lines of stone running longitudinally with the !
' wall, hp asked me " did you ever know a well to !
crack longitudinally? Does it not always crack i
at right angles ;
! But, sir. th  committee made an excavation ,
; some ten or twelve feet long, and from two and a 1
• half to three feet deep, and that excavation real- ;
; ized the worst anticipations that could possibly have ;
. been formed. There was a stone running along the ;
outside of from six to twelve or fourteen .inches
thick, and the middle waa tilled up with rubble
and angular stone, with bad mortar, presenting
actually the worst character of wall that coula
have a decent outside appearance.
Now, I do not pretena to say that this founda-
tion will not support a structure of four feet five
or six inches of solid marble, let it' be thirty-odd
feet high; but I do say, that if this wall is like the
part that we examined, it would be extremely
doubtful whether it could support such a struc-
ture. That is my opinion, founded upon the facts
which have come before us and upon the exami-
nations we have made. The swearing is all m
one way, the facts the other way.
In relation to the employment of a scientific
man, that was at my suggestion. I did not know
the quality of the stone. It is not common in the
part of the country in which I live; and although
the gentleman from Kentucky found fault with the
committee for employing that gentleman, I hope
it will be viewed by the committee as an honest
effort on our port to acquire the information ne-
cessary to arrive at a correct judgment.
Mr. DUNCAN. 1 am very happy to obtain
the floor for a few minutes, m order that I may
remove an erroneous impression which probably
exists in the minds of this committee from the rep-
resentations made, inadvertently, perhaps, by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. McNair,]
the chairman of this select committee. Thatgen-
tleman stated yesterday, and he is so reported in the
i papers this morning, that the committee had ex-
| amined the wails for .themselves, and had come to
i the opinion, from that examination, that these
j foundations were in a dreadful condition.
Mr. Chairman, I am one of that committee,
I and I dissent entirely from that statement. I have
! formed no such opinion. I have attended every
1 meeting of that committee; I have heard all the
testimony, and have taken it at length in writing.
I am not now going into a detailed discussion in
relation to this testimony; but this I state: The
committee have not, to my knowledge, had any
meeting of conference since that excavation of the
wall to which the gentleman alludes, nor have they
exchanged opinions at all, to my knowledge, in
relation to the subject as a committee. At the
close of the examination of witnesses, it seemed
to be the unanimous impression on the minds of all
the members present, that the testimony conclu-
sively showed that the foundations were adequate
to sustain any weight which may be placed on
them. Notwithstanding this, the chairman of the
committee expressed a desire that the committee
should investigate the walla themselves—dig into
them. I differed with him upon that point. I
thought it was not befitting for a committee of this
House, clothed with unlimited power to send for
persons and papers and to examine witnesses, to
go out and dig into this green wall, surrounded by
a company of men and boys. I did not give my
assent to the examination. I did not believe it
was necessary> and I did not attend that exami-
nation. But since that time I have carefully ex-
amined that excavation, and my opinion still re-
mains the same—it is not changed in the least.
And, sir, I dissent also from the statement made
by the gentleman, that the outer sides of the wall
were mere shells, and the inside filled with small
stones. I measured the sides of the wail, and
found in each, stones more than two fee-, in length
projecting inward, and many of the scones thrown
out of the wall, were from one to two feet long.
It is true that in that particular place a. large pro-
portion of the stones were small, but the bestarch-
itects tell us that a wall built of such material, with
a suitable proportion of binding Ftone stretching
across the wall, or nearly so, at suitable distances,
say once in twenty feet won Id foe sufficiently strong
to sustain any superstructure. That jt would be
stronger than a wall built entirely of large stones,
unless these were carefully hammt-red and fitted,
an expense which is never incurred in foundation
walls. And the committee should know that the
wall, which was the subject of examination, is
leveled up to receive windows four feet in width,
and distant from each other se-\ e.i feet, and the
wall between them will be carried up with larger
stones, and at the surfh.ee of the ground is to re-
ceive, acording to the plan, a block of granite fif-
teen inches thick and four feet in width.
Now, I say to this House that if any reliance
can be placed upon testimony,—testimony the
