1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1653
examination, the importance of the proposed
roads will be made manifest. They will form a
link in the connection by railroad, of the various
portions of the country; and the manner in which
they perfect the communication is there demon-
strated. Further, as I made the inquiry the other
day, when m possession of the floor, whether
there was a single gentleman opposed to these
bills, and none having come forward, I move that
the bill be put upon its passage; upon which mo-
tion I call for the previous question, so that we
may have at once a direct vote. Rather than that
the bill be referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the stateoftheUnion, I ask that the House will
vote Jt down. We will then know what we have
to rely upon. I trust that the call for the previous
question will be sustained, and that then a direct
vote may be had upon the bill. If the bill is de-
feated, none will be more ready than myself to
yield acquiescence in the will of the majority. If
the bill is not to pass, Jet us know that fa^t now.
I wj!1 not consume further the time of the House.
Mr. NABERS. I ask the gentleman to with-
draw his call for the previous question. I am in
favor of the bill, and desire to make a few re-
marks in regard to it.
Mr. COBB. I know the gentleman is in favor
of it 
[Cries of " Order!" "Order!"]
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman with-
draw his call for the previous question ?
Mr. COBB. I cannot. I hope the House will
second the call.
The call for the previous question was then
seconded.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Is it in
order now to move that the bill be referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union?
The SPEAKER. It is not, for the reason that
the previous question has been demanded and
seconded.
Mr. STEVENS. Then I move to lay the bill
upon the table.
Mr. R0BB1NS demanded the yeas and nays
upon the motion to lay upon the table; which
weie oiderea.
Mr. COBB. Would it be proper to ask that
the bill be read ?
[Cries of " No, it is understood i(We have
had it read several times already !"]
The question was then put upon the motion to
lay the bill upon the table, and it was agreed to—
yeas 96, nays CI; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, John Applcton, Ashe, Averett,
Babcock. David J. Bailey, Thomas II. Ba.vly, Beale, Den-
nett, Bibigha.ii*. Bocock, Breekuindffe, Brenfon, Buell,
Buuow-?. Buit, Joseph Cable, Caldwell, Lewis D. Camp-
bell, Cartter, Caskie, Ciiastam, Churclnvell, Culloin, Cur-
tis, Daniel, George T. Davi<, Dawson, Dimtmck, Edmund-
son. Ewing, Fitoh, Flo\ d, Fowler, Gamble. Gaylord, (ion-
try,' Giddimrs, Gilinore, Goiimin. Grow. Hamilton, Jt-hain
G. Hants, Haven, liebaid, llibb.ird, Ililhei. Holladas.
Horsfoul, John W. Howe, Thomas- 31. IIowo, Humor, In-
£ert:olS. Jackson, Andie.w Johnson, Darnel T. Jones, George
\V. Jones, Preston Km?, Kuhns Kuitz, Letcher, Mann,
Mason, McMulhn, AIcNair, McQueen, Meacham, Morn-
son, Mmray, Newton. Outlaw, Andiew Paikei, Samuel
W. Parker, Perkins Polk, Powell, Reed, Riddle, Robbing
Robie, Ross, Savage. Onsen S. Seymoui, Skelton, Smart,
Stanly, Benjamin Stanton, Richaullf. Stanton, Abraham
P. Stephen-, Thaddeu* Stevens Surheiland, Sweeper,
Benjamin Thompson, Walbridge, Wallace. Washbuin,
and Wells—US.
NA YS—Messrs. Willis Allen, William Applet™. Bi=?ell,
Bowie, John II. Boyd, Bracc, Briggs, Albert G. Blown,
Busby, E. Camneton Cabell. Thomp-on Campbell, Claik,
Clniginaiij Cobb, Cottman, John G. Davis, iloekerv, I)oty,
Freeman, Henry M. Fuller, Grey, Hammond, Sampson W.
Flams, Ilendncks, Houston, James John-on, John John-
son, Lockhart, Mace, Humphrey Marshall, Molony, John
Moore, Nabei->, Olds*. Orr. Penn, Penmman, Thelp-, Por-
ter. R>ch;ird-=on. Kohinson, Russell, Sackett, Scuiry, Smith,
Frederick P. Stanton, St. Maitui, Stiother, Stuait, Taj lor,
Thurston, Venahlc. Walsh, Ward, VYatkms, Welch. Alex-
ander White, Wilcov, William*, and \ ates—01.
So the bill was ordered 10 lie upon the table._
Picvious to the announcement of the preceding
vote,
Mr ABERCROMBIE said: In consequence
this morning of attending to business for my con-
stituents before the Department, I did not reach
the Hail until subsequent to the call of my name
which, by the rule of the House, precludes me
from voting. I was opposed to the laying of the
bill upon the table. On Saturday morning I A\as
detained from the House foi the same cause, and
I will therefore now state that I was opposed to
every featiue of the hill which passed m my ab-
sence, making a distribution of the public domain
among the different States.
The SPEAKER. Reports are still in order
from the Committee on Public Lands.
PUBLIC LANDS IN OHIO.
Mr. COBB. The Committee on Public Lands,
after mature consideration, have directed me to
report back Senate bill No. 2, entitled " An act to
grant to the State of Ohio the unsold and unap-
propriated lands remaining in that State," and to
move that it be laid upon the table. The com-
mittee did not think it advisable to commence sep-
arate legislation in giving away the public lands.
Mr. OLDS, is it in order to move that the
bill be referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union?
The SPEAKER. Not while the motion to lay
upon the table is pending.
Mr. COBB. So far as I am connected with the
Committee on Public Lands, I have resolved to
consume no more time of the House. I do not
intend to make another report during the remain-
der of the session.
Mr. OLDS. A Senate bill should receive the
consideration of a reference from the House.
Mr. COBB. We have occupied time enough.
The question was put on the motion to lay upon
the table, and, upon a division, there were—ayes
&0  
Mr. OLDS. I demand the yeas and nays.
The House was divided on the demand for the
yeas and nays, and there were—ayes 23; not a
sufficient number.
Mr. SWEETSER demanded tellers on the
yeas and nays; which were ordered; and Messrs.
Staxton, of Tennessee, and Ward, were ap-
pointed.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. That gentlemen
will put this bill in a position where it can be
reached, if the bill sent to the Senate shall fail, is
all that we ask. I trust the bill will be referred.
The SPEAKER. That can be done only by
unanimous consent.
Mr. AVERETT. I object.
Mr. COBB. Let it go where the Committee
on Public Lands recommended it should go.
Mr. OLDS. I withdraw the call for the yeas
and nays.
Mr. ORR. I demand tellers on the motion to
lay on the table. Gentlemen do not desire to dis-
cuss the bill, but only its reference to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. COBB. To see who it is that will give
the public lands to the States, I demand the yeas
and nays.
The House being divided on the demand for the
yeas and nays, there were—ayes 23; not a suffi-
cient number.
Mr. COBB. I demand tellers on the yeas and
nays.
The House being divided on the demand for
tellers, there were—ayes 17; not a sufficient num-
ber.
Mr. ORR. I demanded tellers on the motion
to lay upon the table.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. STAN'T0X,of
Tennessee, and Ward, were appointed; and the
question being taken, the tellers reported—ayes
87, noes 42.
So the bill was laid upon the table.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. I move to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was laid upon the
table.
Mi. JOHN W. HOWE. I move to lay that
motion upon the table.
Mr. STANTON. I only ask that the motion
be entered on the Journal.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Howl s
motion, and it was agreed to.
So the motion to leconsiuer was laid upon the
table.
Mr. HAMILTON. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the bill of the gentleman from Ala-
bama, [Mr. Hoi mox,J was kid upon the table,
and to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table.
The question was then taken, and the latter
motion was agreed to.
GRANTS TO INDIANA AND ILLINOIS.
Mr. ORR, from the Committee on Public Lands,
reported back without amendment House bill No.^
287, " granting the right of way to the States of
Indiana and Illinois, and a donation of public
lands for the purpose of constructing a railroad
from Springfield, in Illinois, via Danville, Coving-
ton, Crawfordsville, Lebanon, and Noblesville, to
Andersontown,in Indiana," and moved that it be
. referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
, state of the Union, and that it be printed.
i Mr. JENKINS. Is a motion to lay that bill
upon the table in order?
1. The SPEAKER. It is in order,
i: Mr. JENKINS. I then submit the motion.
The question was then taken, and the motion
-■ was decided in the affirmative.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was laid upon the
table, and to lay the motion to reconsider upon
,, the table.
The question was then taken on the latter mo-
tion, and it was agreed to.
Mr. ORR, from the Committee on Public Lands,
reported a bill to establish additional land districts
in the State of Wisconsin; which was read a first
and second time by its title.
Mr. ORR. At the uigeut solicitation of a por-
, tion of the Wisconsin delegation I shall move to
put that bill upon its passage. It is a bill of local
importance alone, and possesses no general public
interest. It proposes to establish two new land
I, districts embracing a territory amounting to some
10,000 square miles, nearly one third of the entire
■ State of Wisconsin, known as Upper Wisconsin.
From the center o£ each of the new districts pro-
posed to be established, it is about one hundred
miles to the nearest existing land office. In the
winter season the land offices already in existence
■ are very difficult of access, and from some portions
;; of the district included within the bill that has been
,'i reported, it requires an expense of from §20 to
$50 to reach the land offices, and in some cases a
i journey of two or three hundred miles. I have m
my hands an extract from a letter from the acting
Commissioner of Public Lands, which I ask per-
i mission to read:
"From the additional fact that all the lands embraced
i within the limits of the ptopo-ed districts are at points veiy
!' remote fiorn any of the uxi*tm<i land office*., that the coun-
|; trv to a ?reat extent is destitute ot" roads or means of com-
'■ municdtiiig with the oifice* tor the districts now including
these lands, the propriety and neces>ity for the estabhsh-
'' ment of the*e di^ticts at thi* tune, for the convenience of
; the ?-etth>is and the advancement of the public interest is
manifest.'*
I will state, as an additional reason why the bill
■' should pass, that the territory embraced within one
; of the districts is now just being surveyed, find
' when completed there will be brought into market
;1 one and a half or two millions of acres of public
; lands not heretofore subject to sale or entry, and
' the public convenience as well as the interests of
! the Treasury require the increased facilities pro-
: vided bv this bill.
' The bill, in my judgment, ought to pass, and if
' the House choose to act upon it, it can^act just as
well now as at any future time, as it will not con-
sume fhe minutes' time. I desire, before taking
: my seat, to make one more remark in vindication
of the Committee on Public Lands. They were
;• assailed, the other day,when a bill was introduced
by my associate upon that committee, [Mr. Corn,]
and nothing was said then in their defense. I
know that this House has ^rown weary of reports
. i from that committee, but the Committee on Public
Lands have had referred to them more business at
the present session of Congress than any other
■ committee in this House. Six weeks ago, when
: complaints first began to reach my ears, that the
' Committee on Public Lands weie consuming too
' much of the time of the House, I went to the
docket of the committee and counted the number
of cases which had been referred, and I found that
there had been referied to that committee, at the
' present session, of memorials, resolutions, and
bills, at that time, three hundred and forty-nine,
■ embracing a great variety ot subjects, and many
, of them of great importance, uquinn- much labor
: and investigation, and I have no doubt thdt at the
present time thy number would amount to more
' than four hundied. The committee, with ltschair-
■' man now absent, [Mr. Hall,] ! and theie is no more
indefatigable man in this House,) have labored
most assiduously during the enure session. It the
■ committee have reported too much hei e, I suppose
it is a very rare complaint brought against any
committee. Now, as to the statement thatt.ie com-
mittee have asked that bills be put upon their pas-
, sao-e when they are reported heie, I will say that,
' in "every sin«-l« instance the committee have acted
according to°the wishes of the gentlemen present-
