THE CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
xix
For books of the library of the Patent Office, to
be paid out of the patent fund, one thousand five
hundred dollars.
For fitting up the library of the Patent Office,
to be paid out of the patent fund, two thousand
dullais.
For salary of the clerk of the Sergeant-at-Arms,
fifteen hundred dollars. ,
That from the commencement-of the present
Congress the compensation of the messengers em-
ployed in the post office of the House of Repre-
sentatives be one thousand dollars per annum, in
lieu of their present per diem, the sum of four
thousand dollars.
For additional compensation to the disbursing
clerk and draughtsman in the Patent Office, the
sum of three hundred dollars each, to be paid out
of the Patent Office fund; and that hereafter the
disbursing clerk shall be required to give bond with
approved security in the sum of five thousand
dollars, conditioned for the faithful discharge of
the dunes of his office.
For compensation of two additional permanent
clerks in the Patent Office, to be appointed by the
Commissioner of Patents, at a salary of fourteen
hundred dollars each, the sum of twenty-eight
hundred dollars, to be paid out of the Patent Office
fund.
For establishing the brunch of the United States
Mint at San Francisco, California, in accordance
with the provisions of the law approved the third
day of July, eighteen hundred and fifty-two, the
sum of three hundred thousand dollars: Provided,
That no contract for materials, or for the purchase,
lease, rent, or erection of buildings, shall be made,
except to the lowest bidder, after sixty days'
advertisement in at least three newspapers, two
of which shall be published in the Stateof Califor-
nia: And provided Jurther, That nothing herein
contained shall prevent the transfer of machinery
and materials from the United States Mint or
branches to the branch Mint at San Francisco at
a fair valuation: Provided further, That said con-
tract or contracts for the building and machinery
for said branch Mint shall not, in the whole, for
the completion, exceed the sum of three hundred
thousand dollars.
For the payment of the balance due the Com-
mon we J. of Massachusetts, under the fifth article
of the treaty of Washington, for balance of ex-
penses incurred by said State in protecting the
northeastern frontier, the same having been here-
tofore settled at the Treasury of the United States,
but unpaid for want of an appropriation, three
hundred and five dollars and eighty-one cents.
For payment of balance found due by the
Comptroller of theTreasury to the State of Maine,
under the fifth article of the treaty of Washington,
for expenses on account of the Northeastern
boundary over and above the appropriations made,
two thousand two hundred and twelve dollars and
seventy-eight cents.
And the accounting officers of the Treasury are
heieby directed, in the settlement of the claims
under the act of March third, eighteen hundred
and fifty-one, " authorizing thepayment of interest
upon the advances made by the State of Maine
for the use of the United States Government in
the protection of the Northeastern frontier," to
embrace the interest, whether paid or lost, prior
or subsequent to the years eighteen hundred and
thirty-nine, eighteen hundred and forty, and eigh-
teen hundred and forty-one, named in said act,
upon the sums expended by said State and re-
funded by the United States, according to the
terms of said act, as well as during the said years.
That the Library Committee be authorized to
sell any works in the library which were rendered
imperfect by the late fire, and appropriate the pro-
ceeds of said sale to the purchase of other works.
' To enable the Secretary of State to purchase one
hundred copies of the Synoptical Index, to com-
plete the series of Statutes at Large, heretofore
authorized by law, at three dollars and fifty cents
per volume, three hundred and fifty dollars.
Sec. 2. Andbe it further enacted, That the clerks,
messengers, watchmen, and laborers employed at
an annual salary, or in temporary positions, in
the executive and legislative departments of the
Government in the city of Washington, whose
annual compensation does notexceed twelve hun-
dred dollars, shall, in addition thereto, be allowed
an increased compensation of twenty per cent.;
all whose annual compensation shall exceed twelve
hundred dollars, and shall. be less than sixteen
hundred dollars, shall receive an additional com-
pensation of ter> per cent, upon the amount of
their salaries: Provided, That no salary shall be
increased to more than sixteen hundred do.llars by
the per cent, or additional compensation herein
provided for; and that the same shall be paid out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise ap-
propriated: Provided, That this section shall not
extend to more than one salary of any person re-
ceiving a salary for discharging the duties of more
than one office at the same time, or to any person
who does not actually discharge the duties of the
office for which he receives such salary, or to any
person engaged in prosecuting any claim other
than his own before any of the Departments or
Congress; and in case any. pay or accounting offi-
cer of the Government shall pay said additional
percentage to any such person, it shall be a mis-
demeanor in the person knowingly paying or re-
ceiving such,additional percentage, rendering each
liable to indictment and punishment by fine and
imprisonment: Provided further, That the increase
of salary given by this section shall not extend
beyond the present fiscal year without further
legislation.
And the Secretary of the Treasury is hereby
directed to contract for a term not more than one
year, and upon the most reasonable terms, not
exceeding one per cent., with the proprietors of I
one, and, if practicable, with those of more than J
one, assaying establishment in California, upon '
satisfactory security, to be judged by him, who i
shall discharge the duties prescribed and in the
manner designated by the act making appropria-
tions for the civil and diplomatic expenses of Gov- 1
ernment for the year ending the thirtieth of June,
eighteen hundred and, fifty-one; und no gold or
silver, other than coin of standard fineness of the
United States, or foreign coin, in the manner pre-
scribed by existing laws, shall be receivable in
payment of dues to the United States.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the act
entitled "An act to amend ail act entitled 'An
act allowing compensation to the members of the
Senate, members of the House of Representa-
tives of the United States, and to the Delegates
of the Territories, and repealing all other laws
on that subject,'" shall apply to Senators-and
members of the House of Representatives, and
Delegates from the Territories, at all extra ses-
sions of Congress, or of the Senate, convened
within ten days after the adjournment of a regular
session.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the ap-
propriation "for three light-houses of the third
class at Half Moon Shoal, Red Field Bar, and at
Clopper's Bar, Galveston Bay," of fifteen thou-
sand dollars, by the act entitled "An act making
appropriations for the light-houses, light-boats,
buoys, &c., and providing for the erection and
establishment of the same, and for other pur-
poses," approved March third, eighteen hundred
and fifty-one, be, and the same is hereby, made
applicable exclusively to the construction of a
light-house of the third class at Red Fish Bar,
Galveston Bay, Texas.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the ap-
propriations "for compensation of superintendent
and four watchmen of the building occupied by
the Secietary of the Interior," of one thousand
seven hundred dollars, and of five hundred and
fifty dollars, by the acts "making appropriations
for the civil and diplomatic expenses of Govern-
ment for the years ending thirtieth of June, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-one and fifty-two," ap-
proved thirtieth of September, eighteen hundred
and fifty, and third March, eighteen hundred and
fifty-one, be, and the same are hereby, made appli-
cable to the " compensation of superintendent and
four watchmen for that portion of the Patent Office
Building which will be occupied by the Secretary
of the Interior," for the fiscal year ending thirtieth
of June, eighteen hundred and fifty-three.
Sec. 6, And be it further enacted, That the col-
lector of the customs at the port of New Orleans
be, and he hereby is, authorized to appoint, with
the approbation of the Secretary of the Treasury,
three head gaugers for the said port, at an annual ,
salary of one thousand five hundied dollars each,
instead of the force now employed in the gaugers'
department at the port aforesaid.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That if either
of the officers of any of the Territories of the
United States shall absent himself from the Terri-
tory of, which he is art officer, for a period of time
greater than sixty days, he shall not receive com-
pensation for the time he may have been absent.
Sec. 8. .Qnd be it further enacted, That it shall
not be lawful for the officer or person in charge of'
any bureau or office m any of the Departments
of the Government to print, or cause to be printed,
at the public expense, any report he may make to'
the President of the United States, or to the heat}
of any of the Departments. '
Sec.'9. Atul be it further enacted, That the third
section of the act entitled " An act'making appro-
priations for the civil and diplomatic expenses-of
Government for the year ending the' thirtieth of
June, eighteen hundred and forty-seven, and for
other purposes," approved tenth of August, eigh-
teen hundred and forty-six, be, and the same is
hereby, revived and continued in force for fhe fiscal
year ending the thirtieth of June, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-three.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That when
any moneys shall have remained unexpended upon
any appropriations by law, other than for the pay-
ment of interest on the funded debt, or the pay-
ment of interest and reimbursement according to
contract of any loan or loans made on account of
the United States,as likewise moneys appropriated
for a purpose in respect to which a longer duration
is specially assigned by law, for more than two
years, after the expiration of the fiscal year in
which the act shall have been passed, all and any
such appropriations shall bedeemed to have ceased
and been determined; and the moneys so unex-
pended shall be immediately thereafter carried,
under the direction of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, to the account on the books of the Treasury
denominated the " surplus fund," to remain like
other unappropriated moneys m the Treasury;
and it shall not be lawful, for any cause or pre-
tense whatsoever, to transfer, withdraw, apply, or
use, for any purpose whatever, any moneys car-
ried as aforesaid to the surplus fund without fur-
ther and specific appropriations by law.
Sec. 31. And be it further enacted, That where
the ministerial officers of the United States have,
or shall incur extraordinary expense in executing
the laws thereof, the payment of which is not spe-
cifically provided for, the President of the United
States is authorized to allow the payment thereof,
under the special taxation of the district or circuit
courtof the district in which the said services have
been, or shall be rendered, to be paid from the ap-
propriation for defraying the expenses of the judi-
ciary.
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted, That the Pres-
ident of the United States appoint an associate law
agent for California, learned in the law, and skilled
in the Spanish and English languages, whose du-
ties and compensation shall be the same as those
of the law agent: Provided, That the compensa-
tion of the agentand associate shall not exceed five
thousand dollars each. Andin every casein which
1 the Board of Commissioners on private land claims
i in California shall render a final decision, it shall
| be their duty to have two certified transcripts pre-
l pared of their proceedings and decision, and of the
| papers and evidence on which the same arefound-
j ed, one of which transcripts shall be filed with the
1 clerk of the proper district court, and the other
! shall be transmitted to the Attorney General of the
United States, and thefiling of such transcript with
] the clerk aforesaid shall ipso facto operate as an
; appeal for the party against whom the decision
! shall be rendered; and if such decision shall be
against the private claimant, it shall be his duty
i to file a notice with the clerk aforesaid within six
: months thereafter of his intention to prosecute the
appeal; and if the decision shall be against the
! United States, it shall be the duty of the Attorney
j General, within six months after receiving said
| transcript, to cause a notice to be filed with the
J clerk aforesaid, that the appeal will be prosecuted
j by the United States; and on a failure of either
I party to file such notice with the clerk aforesaid,
! the apoeal shall be regarded as dismissed.
j Sec! 13. Andbe it further enacted, That the Post-
j master General be, and he is hereby, authorized to
i appoint and employ five additional clerks in the
! Post Office Department,namely: one at an annual
i salary of sixteen hundred dollars, two atan annual
| salary of twelve l undied dollars, two atan annual
! salary ft oi.'i h r. -at"i dollars.
Sec. 14. Andbe it further enacted, That the pro-
