XX
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
visions contained in the fourth section of the act
entitled "An act to supply deficiencies in the ap-
propriations for the service of the fiscal year end-
ing the thirtieth of June, one thousand eight hun-
dred and fifty-two," be, and the same are hereby,
repealed.
Sec. 15. And be U further enacted, That from and
after the passage of this act, in lieu of the compen-
sation now allowed by kw for his services, there
shall be paid hereafter to each of the deputy naval
officers at the ports of Boston, New York, Phil-
adelphia, Baltimore, and New Orleans, two thou-
sand dollars per annum, to be paid out of the fund
for the expenses of collecting the revenue.
Sec. 16. And be it further enacted, That the sal-
ary of the chief clerk in the office of the assistant
treasurer of theUnited States in New York be, and
the same is hereby, increased to sixteen hundred
dollars per annum, and the salary of each of the
other clerks in the said office is increased to twelve
hundred dollars per annum; to be paid out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated.
Sec. 17. And be it further enacted, That if A.
Boyd Hamilton, the present contractor for execu-
ting the printing of the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives, shall file with the Secretary of the
Senate and Clerk of the House of Representatives
his written consent to relinquish his contracts in
the premises, the said Secretary and Clerk, and
the clerk of the Printing Committee, are hereby
authorized and required to settle and pay his ac-
counts for all work done and all work ordered now
in his hands in process of completion, according
to his contract prices, with such proportion of fifty
thousand dollars in addition thereto as the amount
of the work performed by him bears to the amount
of work done by the printer for the Thirty-first
Congress, when estimated under his conlract
prices.
Sf.c. 18. And be it further enacted, That no per-
son hereafter, who holds or shall hold any office
under the Government of theUnited States, whose
salary or annual compensation shall amount to the
sum of two thousand five hundred dollars, shall
receive compensation for discharging the duties of
any other office.
Approved, August 31, 1852. '
Public, LIV.—. In Act making Appropriations for
the Naval Service for the year ending1 the thirtieth of
June, one thousand eight hundred and Jifly-thrce.
Jle it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the following sums be, and they
are hereby, appropriated, to be paid out of any
money in theTroasury not other wise appropriated,
for the year ending the thirtieth of June, one thou-
sand eight hundred and fifty-three:
For pay of commission, warrant, and petty offi-
cers and seamen, including the Engineer Corps of
theNavy,two million seven hundred and seventy-
one thousand six hundred and ninety-eight dol-
lars: Provided, That from and after the first day
of July, eighteen hundred and fifty-two, the sala-
ry of the Secretary of the Naval Academy at An-
napolis shall be twelve hundred and fifty dollars
per annum; and the proper accounting officers of
the Treasury be, and they are hereby, authorized
and directed to allow and pay, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to the
officers, petty officers, seamen and marines of the
United States Navy , and to the officers and men
of the revenue service, who served in the Pacific
ocean, on the coast of California and Mexico,
since the twenty-eighth dsyofSeptember,eighteen
hundred and fifty, the same increased oradditional
compensation as has heen by law directed to be
paid to the officers and soldiers of the Army who
served in California; and the several officers who
served on the late Arctic expedition in search of
Sir John Franklin shall, in addition to the pay
with which they have already been credited, be
allowed for the period during which they so served
the following compensation respectively, namely:
the commanderoftheexpedition the pay of a com-
mander; the passed midshipmen the pay of lieu-
tenants; the passed assistant surgeon the pay of a
fleet surgeon; the assistant surgeon the pay of a
surgeon; and the midshipmen the pay of passed
midshipmen—all as on sea service; and that there
be allowed to the warrant officers and to the petty
officers and men that composed the crews of tho
vessels employed on that expedition, extra pay
equal to the regular pay with which they have
been credited for their services on the sa'id expedi-
tion; and the pay of chaplains in the Navy shail
be one thousand dollars on leave or waiting orders,
and fifteen hundred dollars while on duty.
For pay of superintendents, naval constructors,
and all the civil establishments at the several navy-
yards and stations, ninety thousand nine hundred
and sixty dollars; and the Navy Agent at Mem-
phis, for the time during which he has performed
or may perform the duties of purser, in addition
to his own, shall be allowed and paid the annual
salary of a purser on duty at navy-yards of the
second class, which shall not be in addition to his
commissions, but in liett thereof; and the salary of
the assistant to purser for the navy-yard at Kittery,
Maine, who also discharges the duties of clerk
and steward, shall be seven hundred and fifty dol-
lars; and the pay of the "first clerk te the com-
mandant" at the navy-yards at Norfolk, New
Yoik, and Boston, shall be at the rate of one thou-
sand dollars per annum; and that the "second
clerk to the commandant" at the same yards shall
be at the rate of eight hundred dollars per annum
from and after the passage of this act.
For provisions for commission, warrant, and
petty officers and seamen, including engineers and
marines attached to vessels for sea service, six
hundred and eighty-six thousand two hundred
dollars; it being provided that so much of the act
approved March third, eighteen hundred and fifty-
one, entitled "An act making appropriations for
the naval service of the year ending the thirtieth
of June, one thousand eight hundred and fifty-
two," as provides that "no commutation of ra-
tions shall be allowed, except to officers and their
attendants, and for the spirit part of the ration,"
be, and the same is hereby, repealed.
For a scientific investigation and experiments
upon the character of alimentary substances used
J as subsistence in the Navy, and means to prevent
their deterioration, two thousand five hundred dol-
lars; to be expended under the direction of the
Secretary of the Navy.
For surgeons' necessaries and appliances for
the sick and hurt of the Navy, including the Ma-
rine Corps, thirty-seven thousand six hundred dol-
lars.
For repair of vessels in ordinary, and for wear
and tear of vessels in commission, including fuel
and purchase of hemp, one million three hundred
and sixty-five thousand dollars. And the Secre-
tary of the Navy be, and heis hereby, authorized
and required to have completed, with the least
possible delay, the war steamer contracted for
1 with Robert L. Stevens, in pursuance of an act of
j Congress approved April fourteenth, one thousand
I eight hundred and forty-two; and the balance of
j the appropriation heretofore made, which has been
1 carried to the credit of the surplus fund, shall be
used for that purpose. And the Secretary of the
Navy may, if he deem it proper, cause to be ap-
plied, as soon as practicable, to one or more of the
steam-vessels belonging to the United States, any
steam-condenser which may be found best calcu-
lated for the purpose, for furnishing fresh water
to marine boilers and for the use of the crews.
For ordnance and ordnance stores, and small-
arms, including incidental expenses, one hundred
and twenty-five thousand dollars.
For preparing for publication the American
Nautical Almanac, nineteen thousand four hun-
dred dollars.
For the purchase and repair of nautical instru-
ments required for the use of the Navy, ten
thousand five hundred dollars.
For the purchase of all the books, maps, and
charts required for the use of the Navy, eight thou-
sand two hundred and fifty dollars.
For backing and binding the same, and for
printing and publishing sailing directions, hydro-
graphical surveys, and astronomical observations,
nine thousand two hundred dollars.
For models, drawings and copying, postage,
stationery, freight and transportation, for pay of
lithographer, and for working lithographic press,
including chemicals, for keeping grounds and
buildings in order, for repairing and protecting
from further depredations brick wall on east, south,
and west side of the grounds, for pay of porter,
gardener, watchmen, instrument maker, for fuel,
lights, and all the unenumerated contingent ex-
penses of the Hydrographical Office and National
Observatory, eleven thousand five hundred and
twenty dollars.
For continuing the publication of the wind and
current charts, and for defraying all the expenses
connected therewith, ten thousand dollars.
For the repairs and erection of buildings at the
United States Naval Academy at Annapolis, Ma-
ryland, twenty-eight thousand dollars. To com-
plete the quarters for the students and professors
at the Naval Academy at Annapolis, the sum of
seventy-five thousand dollars. And hereafter no
appointment of midshipmen, acting midshipmen,
or pupil at any naval school in the Navy, shal!
be made, unless recommended by the member of
Congress representing the district in which the ap-
plicant resides, in the same manner that cadets at
West Point are now appointed; and thattheSec-
retary of the Navy is hereby required to report to
Congress, at its second session, the number and
names of appointments to the Naval School which
have been made; and the district and State whence
each onecomes; and thenumber of vacancies then
existing at said school, with the Congressional dis-
trict which may be entitled to supply them; and a
statement of the order in which the remainder of
the Congressional districts shall be entitled to sup-
ply all future and accruing vacancies, so far as it
may be determined by existing law, or by circum-
stances.
For the contingent expenses of theUnited States
Naval Academy at Annapolis, Maryland, twenty-
one thousand seven hundred dollars.
For contingent expenses that may accrue for the
following purposes, viz: freight and transporta-
tion, printing and stationery, advertising in news-
papers, books, maps, models and drawings, pur-
! chase and repair of fire engines and machinery,
| repairs of and attending to steam engines in navy-
i yards, purchase and maintenance of horses and
oxen, and driving teams, carts, timber-wheels, and
the purchase and repair of workmen's tools, post-
age of public letters, furniture for Government
houses,fuel, oil, and candles for navy-yards and
shore stations, pay of watchmen and incidental
labor not chargeable to any other appropriation,
labor attending the delivery of stores on foreign
stations, wharfage, dockage, and rent, traveling
expenses of officers and others under orders, fu-
neral expenses, store and office rent, stationery,
fuel, commissions and pay of clerks to navy agents
and store-keepers, flags, awnings, and packing-
boxes, premiums, and other expenses of recruit-
ing, apprehending deserters, per diem pay to per-
sons attending courts-martial and courts of inquiry,
and other services authorized by law, pay to
judges advocate, pilotage and towage of vessels,
and assistance to vessels in distress, bills of health
and quarantine expenses of vessels of the United
States Navy in foreign ports, five hundred and
twenty-seven thousand eight hufidred and forty
dollars.
For meteorological observations, to be conduct-
ed under the directions of the Secretary of the
Navy, two thousand dollars.
For the payment of the salary of Professor
James P. Espy, during the fiscal year ending
June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and forty-eight,
no appropriation having been made by Congress
for that year, two thousand dollars.
For construction, extension, and completion of
the following objects, and for contingent expenses
at the several navy-yards, viz:
Portsmouth, New Hampshire.—For building tim-
ber-shed number twenty-nine, foundation for
shores at railway, drains, gutters, and paving,and
repairs of all kinds, thirty-five thousand and forty-
one dollars and twenty-three cents.
Boston, jMassachusetls.—For rain-water cistern,
pitch-house and oakum loft, muster office, and re-
pairs of all kinds, twenty-eight thousand one hun-
dred dollars.
New York, New York.—To complete saw-mill,
i quay-wall, dredging channels, water-tank and
i lighter, gas-pipes and fixtures, lightning conduct-
| ors, continuation of sewer, machinery, &c., for
| engine-house, and repairs of all kinds, one hundred
' and twenty-six thousand eight hundred dollars.
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.—For shed to cover
north railway, covering to south railway, steam-
box and pitch-kettles, mooring anchors for dry-
dock, dredging channel, continuing pavement to
wharf, cross-paving to smithery, and from thence
to the dock basin, paving round west end of ship-
house, paving wharf number three to ship-house,
