1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1655
RESIGNATION OF MR. THOMPSON.
The Chair also begs leave to inform the House
thathehas received a letter from the Hon. George
W. Thompson, of Virginia, resigning his seat
upon this floor.
THE CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. ASHE. Do I understand that the ques-
tion is upon ordering the main question to be now
put?
The SPEAKER. The main question has been
ordered to be put, and the question is upon the
adoption of the resolution reported by the Qorn-
mittee on Elections.
Mr. ASHE then took the floor, and spoke in
defense of the action of the Committee on Elec-
tions, and in reply to Mr. Toombs. [His speech
will be found in the Appendix.]
The SPEAKER. The question now is upon
the adoption of the resolution reported by the com-
mittee, which will be read by the Clerk.
The resolution heretofore reported was read.
Mr. POLK. I have examined this case, arid
cannot concur in the report of the committee. I
therefore move to lay the whole subject upon the
table.
Mr. PvOSS. Will it be in order to move a call
of the House.
The SPEAKER. Such a motion would not
now be in order.
Mr. ROSS. Then I call for the yeas and nays
upon the motion made by the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Pole.]
Mr. HAMILTON. I move that the House
do now adjourn, and upon that motion I call for
the yeas and nays, so that we may get p full
House.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken, and there were—
yeas 4, nays 152.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The question now recurs
upon the motion of the gentlemen from Tennessee,
[Mr. Polk,] to lay the whole subject upon the
table, and upon that motion the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Ross] demands the yeas and
navs.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The quu^tion was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Polk, and it was decided in the affirmative—
yeas 87, nays 74; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Charies Allen,
William Appleton, Bell, Bennett. Bibighaus, Btteock,
Bowie, John H. Bovd, Brenton, Grit;::--, Brooks, Burrow-.,
Burt, E. CarruiRlon Cabell, Caldwell, Lewis D. Camp-
bell, Chandler, Clmgman, Culloin, George 'I'. Davis, Dock-
cry, £dmundson, Ewing, Faulkner, Fowler, Gavlonl, Glrt-
George \V Jones, PiVftun
Mann, Humphrey Marshall, McCorkle, Meadiam, Meade.
John Moore, Maliers, Newton, Outlaw, Samuel VV. F.irkei,
Penniman, Perkins, Polk. Porter, Price, Reed, Sehoolcralt,
Sehoonmakei, Scudder, Stanly, Benjamin Stanton, Alex-
ander H. Stephens, Thaddi'us Stevens, Stone, Htrother,
Sutherland, Taylor, Benj. Thompson, Thurston, Tooinb.-.
Walbndge. Ward. Washburn, Watknis, Welch, \\ elis,
\ddison White, Williams, and ^ate--.—87.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Willis Allen, John Appleion,
Ashe, Avrrott, David J. Bailry, !'!a::.:. Br^'-'kinridse,
Buell, Busby, Joseph Cable, Cartter, Caskie, Chastam,
Churchwell, Clark, Cobb, Cottirian, Curtis, Daniel. Jonn
G. Davjs, Dawson, Dimnnek, Disney, Doty, Dunham.
Fitch, Floyd, Freeman, Gamble, Gilmarp, Itnmiitun,
(sham G. 'Harris, Sampson W. Harris, [jibbard. Hillver,
Holladay, Houston, Ingersoll, Ives. Jackson, Andrew
Johnson, Kurtz. Lockhart, Mace, Md^on, MeNair. Me
Queen, Molony, Moirison, Murray, Olds, Orr, Andiew
Parker. Phelps, liiehardson, Robbins, Koain.-on. Ko.-s,
Russell, Savase, i^ciinr, Skelton, Small, Frederick P.
Stanton, Abraham P. Stephens, tit. Martin, Stratton, Mil -
art, Sweetser, Townshend, Venable, W allaee. and u n-
^ox—74.
So the whole subject was '.aid upon the table.
Mr. HENDRICKS stated that in the above
vote, he had paired off'with Mr. Duncan.
Mr. GROW stated that he had paired off with
Mr. White, who was opposed to the majority
report. , , .
Mr. McMULLIN stated that ne had paired ofl
with Mr. Sohfhmerhorm; arid
Mr, PENN Elated thai he had paired ' virh
Mr. Miller, arid that he (Mr. Pknx) would have
sustained the report of the committee.
Mr. POLK. I move to reconsider the vote just
posted, and to "Say the motion to r^oo^itW upon
the table.
Mr. iUCH ARDSON ( move that the Home
do now adjourn, and upon that motion I call for
the yeas and nays.
Mr. POLK. I withdraw my motion to recon-
sider.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Then I withdraw my
motion to adjourn.
The SPEAKER here informed the House that
there was no committee upon the part of the
House on enrolled bills, to join the committee on
the part of the Senate, to present a bill for the sig-
nature of the President; and the President will not
sign a bill without the action of that joint com-
mittee.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move that the Speaker
appoint two members noon the Committee on
Enrolled Bills.
The SPEAKER. If there is tio objection, the
Speaker will appoint two membeis upon that i,
committee.
No objection was made, and the Speaker acted
accordingly.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to offer the resolu-
tion which I send to the Speaker's table.
The resolution was read for information, as
follows:
ResolvA, That until otherwise ordered, tile daily hour of
meeting ot the House ot Representatives be fix.'d at H'V.'n
o'clock, a. in.
[Cries of " Agreed" Agreed !'']
Mr. JENKINS. I object to it.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move thai the ru'.es f.f the
House be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
The iiuestion was then taken, and it wssagreed
to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Stuart in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN stated that the business,first
in order before the committee was 'he consider-
ation of House bill No. 207, beings bill to supply
I deficiencies in the appropriation for services for
the fiscal year ending the 30th day of June, 185iJ;
and that upon that question the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Wells] was entitled tc the
floor.
Air. WELLS addressed the committee an hour
\ on the subject of intervention. [His speech will
be found in the Appendix.]
\ Mr. TOOMBS rrext obtained the floor,
j Mr. HOUSTON. 1 will ask the honorable
| gentleman from Georgia, as I suppose he does not
purpose to address the House to-day, to allow me
to move that House bill No. 43, making appropri-
i ations for the service of the Indian department,
I be reported to the House, for the purpose of pass-
ing it. The appropriations contained in it are all
controlled by treaty stipulations and express law.
j The Senate declines io take up the resolution
! passed by tile House, proposing an adjournment
- until ve send them souieappiopnation bills. Tins
• bill has been discussed in committee two or three
! weeks, or at least it has been up for discussion,
and I should like now to authorize the chairman |
1 to report it to the House, that action may be had j
upon it there, so that we may send it to the Sen- 1
. ate. I ask the chairman to put the question to the ;
i committee.
Mr. HOWARD. The Committee on Indian
Affairs iiave some important amendments which
they desire to make to that bill, and I ahull be
1 under the necessity of objecting to its being re-
ported to the House until that committee have
had an opportunity to offer their amendments.
The CHAIRMAN. It will be for the commit-
! tee to say whether i! shall be reported or not.
' Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I object.
| Mr. HOUSTON. I suppose a mere objection
t will not prevent the question heme taken.
| Mr. STEPHENS. It will prevent its being
i reoorted, because there is no quorum present.
! 'Mr. HOUSTON. That makes a difference, if
j there is no quorum, but an. objection of itself will
1 not do.
1 Mr. STEPHENS. An objection wdl do. I he
1 gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Toombs] has the
floor upon this particular bill, :md you cannot lay
aside thai bill, by the mere motion of the gentle-
man from Alabama, without the gentleman from
Georgia yielding the iloor for that purpose,
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 do not deshe to interfere
with the gentleman from Georgia. All 1 desire to
!• do is to iret the bill reported to the House, in order
that it may go to the Senate, and the gentleman
can make his speech upon another bill.
Mr. STEPHENS. But there is no quorum
present, and it could not be ordered to be reported
to the House without 
Mr. ORR. Let me make a suggestion. The
gentleman from Texas states that he has amend-
ments to offer to this appropriation bill. Now,
that is conclusive why it cannot be taken up and
reported to the House. You cannot repqrt it so
Ions as any member chooses to offer amendments.
Mr. HOUSTON But the bill has been before
the committee for two or three weeks open to
amendment. If the Committee on Indian Affairs
had amendments to offer they could have offered
them at any time. If the gentleman has an amend-
ment now which he desires to offer, I am perfectly
willing he should offer it. ft seems to me that It
is better to take up this appropriation bill, in order
that the House may act upon it.
Mr. CL1NGMAN. There seems to be a diffi-
culty in relation to this matter which is not to be
got rid of in this way. I move that the committee
do now rise, if the gentleman from Georgia will
yield the floor for that purpose.
Mr. TOOMBS. I will yield.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose, and the Speaker
having resumed He chair, the Chairman reported *
that the Committee of the Whole House on the
state cf the Union had had the Union generally
under consideration, and particularly House bill
No. 207, being the deficiency bill, and had come
to no conclusion thereon.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I ask the unanimous
i consent of the House to make a motion, that when
this House adjourns it adjourn to meet at eleven
o'clock instead of twelve.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. There are not
enough present to pass that motion. I object.
Mr. CL1NGMAN. 1 would not object if the
motion were made so as to take effect on Monday
next.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I am not particular
about that. 1 will make that motion if there is no
objection.
Mr. JONES. lobject,and move that the House
do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the House ad-
journed till to-morrow at twelve o'clock, m-
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions, memorials, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate eonnmtteee^:
By Mr. .SMART: The petition of John Moore,of Cusb-
injr, Maine, for payment of bounty.
l v Mr. MOORE, of Louisiana: The petition of E. T-
Kinlr and 89 others, inhabitants of the vicinity, praying for
the r-Tfilili-hnwni or a po>t loute from Charenion, m the
parish of St Mary, tn Bayou <'h<5n«j, m the parish of Sf.
Martin. Louisiana.
' Ali-o} the petition ol 62 nihabirantsoftJie vicinity,praying
for a po*t route to, ?ind post office at, Armansvile, in the
' pans}) of St. Landry. Lout-tana.
: By Mr CHANDLER: The memorial ot Messrs. Stuart
■ & Brothei, of Philadelphia, asking relief for duties paid and
payabU- wtchnmh-e des-tiojed by fire.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
S vtuhday, July 3, 1852.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Rev. Littleton F. Morgak.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER. The business first in order
is the motion to recommit House bill No. 2S$,
grammar a ri^ht of way and a portion of the pub-
lic lands to the States of Indiana and Illinois, to
aid in the construction of a railroad from Spring-
field, Illinois, to Terre Haute, in Indiana.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I insist upon the regular
order ot business.
On motion by Air. LETCHER, it was
Ordered, That leave be, gianted to withdraw the papers
| in the ca e of Bich-ird Rohan, from the files of the House,
for the purpose of having them referred to one of the Bx-
l ec>snv Department*.
, Mt. CLlXGMA^X. I now call for the regular
order of business.
Mr. FREEMAN. I udk the unanimous con-
sent of the House to present a couple of petitions
! and have them reierreJ.
Mr. CL1XGMAN. That can be dons under
the rule ! object.
GRAN r OF LA.NI> TO INDIANA AND ILLINOIS,
The question now being upon the motion to re-
' commit hill No. 289.
