1656
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 3,
"Mr. DAYIS, of Indiana, said: If it be in order, I
will withdraw the motion to recommit the bill to
the Committee on Public Lands, and move that
its further consideration be postponed till Tues-
day, the 13th day of the present month.
The question was put, and the motion to post-
pone was agreed to.
GRANT OF LAND TO MICHIGAN.
Mr. ORR, from the Committee on Public Lands,
reported a bill granting the right of way and
making a grant of land to the State of Michigan, to
aid in the construction of the Oakland and Ottowa
railroad, commencing at the village of Pontiac,
in the county of Oakland, and terminating on the
navigable waters of Lake Michigan, in the county
of Ottowa; which was read a first and second time
by its title.
Mr. ORR. I do not propose to make a speech
upon the bill; nor do I propose to put it upon its
passage. The committee have examined the bill,
and it has as much merit as any bill that has
been reported. If any bill has merit, I think that
has. The gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Stu-
art] may make any motion with reference to the
bill as may suit his purpose.
Mr. STUART. I do not propose to detain the
House one moment in regard t^his bill. I flat-
• ter myself that when I have an v^portunity I can
satisfy gentlemen who will vote for such measures
under any circumstances, that it is as meritorious,
and entitled to as favorable consideration, as any
similar measure which has been reported to this
House. What I propose to do, and what I now
ask the unanimous consent of the House to do, is
to postpone the further consideration of the bill
till the day assigned for the one which has just
been disposed of. I move to postpone the furthei
consideration of this bill until Tuesday, the 13th
instant.
Mr. FOWLER. I desire to propound a ques-
tion to the gentleman from Michigan before his
motion is put to the House: How much land is it
proposed to appropriate in this bill?
Mr. STUART. I cannot answer the gentle-
man definitely at present. I have a report from
the Commissioner of theLand Office, which, at the
proper time, I can furnish to the House. But it
has passed my recollection for the present, and I
cannot give the gentleman a definite answer. '
The question was then taken, and the motion to
postpone was agreed to.
LAND SURVEYS.
Mr. FREEMAN, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, reported a bill to amend the act entitled
<c An act for the discontinuance of the surveyor
general in the several districts as soon as the sur-
veys therein shall be completed, and for abolish-
ing land offices, under certain circumstances, and,
for other purposes;15 which was read a first and
second time by its title.
Mr. FREEMAN. I desire to say in relation to
this matter, that the office of surveyor general in
the State of Mississippi has been abolished.
There are a great many tracts of land in the State
which require to beresurveyed. Under the exist-
ing laws m relation to this subject, the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office has no power to
make these surveys; in consequence of which he
has furnished to the Committee on Public Lands
a bill m relation to this matter, which meets with
the sanction of the General Land Office. I now
ask that the bill may be read through, and I will
then move that it be put upon its passage.
The bill was then read through by the Clerk.
Mr. FREEMAN. I wish to say that the bill
has been recommended by the Commissioner of
the General Land Office. It has also received the
Approval of the Committee on Public Lands in
this House. I hope the House will suffer it to
pass.'-. .
Mr. *CAPJTTER. I desire to inquire if this bill
has been printed ?
■The iS-PEAKSR. It has not been printed.
Mr. CART i'ER. I would suggest that if the
publiciiit'eretft would not suffer by the little delay,
it would be better to have the bill printed, so that
gentlemen may examine it;
Mr. X^REEMAN That is nofneeessary. This
is a mere arrangement to enable the Commissioner
of, tfre. General Lap,d Office to have certain lands
surveyed, which cannot be done without.'
Mr. CARTTEE. But in not the bill general
in its provisions? r- ■
Mr. FREEMAN. It merely provides for the
survey of these lands.
Mr. CARTTER. I understand the bill to be
one of general interest, and to relate to the land
policy generally, and I would like, if the Commit-
tee on Public Lands would not deem it prejudicial
to their success, that the House should have an op-
portunity of seeing it in print.
TMr. HOUSTON. I should like to ask the gen-
tleman from Mississippi a question. From the
reading of the bill at the Clerk's desk, I did not
comprehend precisely its provisions. I ask the
gentleman from Mississippi what change it pro-
poses to make in the existing laws upon the sub-
ject of surveys ?
Mr. FREEMAN. The object of the bill is
simply to enable the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Olfice to have these lauds surveyed
where the surveyor general's office has been abol-
ished.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am aware of the object of
the bill, but the gentleman from Mississippi did
not understand my question. I wish to know
what changes it proposes to make in the existing
laws. I desire to know whether it proposes to
create any additional officers or to incur any ad-
ditional expense. As 1 understood it from the
reading, it merely furnishes authority for the Com-
missioner of the General Land Olfice to have these
lauds surveyed without the appointment of any
additional officers.
Mr. FREEMAN. That is all.
Mr BROWN, of Mississippi. This bill was
drawn up at the General Land Office, at my sug-
gestion, and it was designed to meet a case like
the one I will instance, and which has to be met
in some form of general legislation, or some spe-
cial legislation like tins. Foity years ago, a citi-
zen residing in my district had a grant of land from
the Spanish Government. When the Ameiiean
surveys came to be made, the line which bounded
his land was run across by the American survey-
ors, so that his six hundied acres of land came to
lie in three different sections, and though there
was no question as to the amount of land he was
entitled to, the Government never could make him
a patent for the same, because they never could
ascertain, without a resurvey, how much was con-
tained in one section, and how much in another,
and how much m a third* He is now asking for
a patent for his land. The Government cannot
have a survey made because the surveyor gen-
eral's office has been abolished, and there is no
one authorized to make such a survey. This is
only one case, but there area number of others
in that State; and there are cases like it m some re-
spects, though not precisely the same in all its
features, in all the land States.
This bill simply proposes to authorize the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office to have such
a survey made by the authority of the Govern-
ment. Pmate individuals cannot do it, for Low-
ever carefully and accuiately such a survey might
be made by private authority, it could not be rec-
ognized by the Government here, so as to author-
ize the issuing of a patent. It cannot be done by
State authority, or by any other than the author-
ity of the United States.
This bill was drawn at the Land Office with a
view to meet cases of this kind.
Mr. DISNEY, (interrupting.) With the con-
sent of the gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr.
Brown,] I want to state another case, exactly in
point. In the State of Ohio, au application was
made to enter an island, which had escaped the
attention of the surveyors of the United States.
The title to the island remained in the Govern-
ment, and there is no officer authorized to make a
survey now; and we want a power, such as that
contemplated by this bill, to authorize the land
office to cause a survey to be made.
Mr. BROWN. In conclusion, I am author-
ized to say, by the Commissioner of the General
Land Office, that there are cases in all the land
States m the Union, which can never be provided
for without the passage of this bill, or something
like it. 1 trust there will be no objection to its
passage.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to inquire
of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Disxtry] if this
bill covers the case of disputed right to land at
Cincinnati ?
Mr. DISNEY. It does not.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs upon
ordering the bill to be engrossed and read a third
time.
The question was then put, and it was agreed
to.
The bill having been engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the thud time, and passed.
Mr. BROWN moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed, and to lay the motion
to reconsider upon the table; which latter motion
was agreed to.
Mr. POLK. I,ask the unanimous consent of
the House to offer a resolution, which I send to
the Clerk's table.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Will the time consumed
in the consideration of the gentleman's resolution
come out of the morning hour?
The SPEAKER. Jt will.
Mr. POLK. It will not consume much time,
and when the gentleman hears the resolution, he
will not object to it.
Mr. CLINGMAN. If the time does not come
out of the morning hour, I am satisfied.
The SPEAKER. The resolution will be read
for information.
The resolution was then read, as follows:
Resolved, Xhatthe Clerk of House payout of the
contingent fund of tins House, to Hemlrtck 13. Wiiglit, the
fcairi« compensation per tiiein and mileage allowed to
members oi Congress, ftom the commencement of the pres-
ent session of the present Congress to the second day of
July inclusive.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, and Mr. LETCH-
ER severally objected.
Mr. POLK. Is it in order to move a suspen-
sion of the rules ?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I desire to know if it is
not in order to offer such a resolution, notwith-
standing objections ? I think it does not require
the unanimous consent of the House to introduce
it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair differs in opinion
with the gentleman, and overrules his point.
Mr. OLDS. We are now acting under a spe-
cial order. You can introduce it on Monday.
Mr. POLK. Will it be in order to offer it after
the expiration of the morning hour?
The SPEAKER. The Chair doubts whether
it could come in at all to-day, except by unani-
mous consent. It is in the nature of a private
claim.
GRANTS FOR RAILROADS IN ALABAMA.
Mr. WATKINS, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, reported back, without amendment,,
House bill granting to the State of Alabama the
right of way and a portion of the public lands, to
aid in the construction of a railroad from Girard
to the waters of the Mobile Bay, in said State,
Mr. WATKINS. At the solicitation of the
committee, and of the individual who introduced
the bill, I ask that the bill ma^y be read and put
upon its passage.
Mr. ABERCROMBIE. Before this bill is acted
upon, I desire to draw the attention of the House
to its merits. The bill proposes to grant the right
of way and a portion of the public lands to aid in
the construction of a railroad from Girard, in the
State of Alabama, to ihe waters of the Mobile Bay,
a distance of two hundred and thirty miles. That
road has already been surveyed, and there is at
this time a number of hands employed in construct-
ing it. Some forty-one miles of the road is already
under contract, and it is entirely m the hands of
the planting interest of that country. The road
is not a matter of speculation of any kind, but is
being constructed for the purpose of making a
direct route to a market, for the want of which
we are suffering very much in that country. It
passes the line of prairie land, directly on the edge
of it for some one hundred miles. West of that
line is the Alabama river. It is with very great
difficulty that the planters get their crops over
prairie lands and they are subject to heavy losses.
They are subject to high freight, in hauling their
cotton to the river. They have to ship it to Mo-
bile by the river, and sometimes it costs five dul-
lais per hale to carry it thirty or forty miles.
In addition to that, sir, Chattahoochee river,
where this road commences, is not navigable for
seven or eight months in the year. We hove to
purchase every article of supply for our family use
at New Orleans. Eight months in the year the
Chattahoochee is not navigable. We have to pay
as high as fifteen cents a pound for our bacon.
