XXII
THE, CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
and materials for the objects enumerated, arid for
rent of quarters and offices for officers, and bar-,
racks and hospitals for troops, where there are no
public • buildings for their accommodation; for
store-housesfor the safe-keeping of military stores,
and of grounds for summer cantonments and en-
campments, four hundred thousand- dollars.
For mileage or allowance made to officers for the
transportation of themselves and baggage when
traveling on duty .without troops, one hundred and
twenty thousand dollars. , • -
For transportation of the army, including the
baggage of the troops, when moving either by land
or water; of clothing, camp, and garrison equi-
page-, and horse equipments, from the depot at Phil-
adelphia to the several posts and army depots; of
subsistence from the places of purchase and from
the places of delivery, under contract, to such
places as the circumstances of the service may re-
quire it to be sent; of ordnance, ordnance stores,
and small-arms from the founderies and armories
to the arsenals, fortifications, frontier posts, and
army depots; freights, tolls, and ferriages; for the
purchase and hire ofhorses, mules, oxen, wagons,
carts, drays, ships and other sea-going vessels and
boats, for the transportation of supplies and for
garrison purposes; for drayage and cartage at the
several posts; hire of teamsters; transportation of
funds for the pay and other disbursing depart-
ments; for the expense of sailing public transports
on the various rivers, the Gulf of Mexico, and the
Atlantic and Pacific; and for procuring water at
such posts as, from their situation, require that it
be brought from a distance, one million five hun-
dred thousand dollars.
For the purchase of horses required for the first
and second regiments of dragoons, the companies
of light artillery, the regiment of mounted rifle-
men, and such companies of infantry as may be
mounted, one hundred and seventy thousand dol-
lars.
For the medical and hospital departments, fifty-
one thousand six hundred and seventy dollars.
For armament of fortifications, fifty thousand
dollars.
Forordnancestoresand supniies,as follows: for
procurement of side-arms and accoutermeuts for
artillery, infantry, cavalry, and riflemen; materials
for and preparation of siegeand field ammunition;
wages of mechanics engaged in making carriages,
implements, equipments, harness, &o.; and for
purchase of miscellaneous supplies of ordnance
stores for issue to the Army, sixty-five thousand
dollars.
For the current expenses of the ordnance ser-
vice, one hundred thousand dollars.
For the manufacture of arms at the national
armories, two hundred and fifty thousand dollars.
For repairs and improvements, and new ma-
chinery at Harper's Ferry, twenty-eight thousand
nine hundred and fifty dollars.
For repairs and improvements, and new ma-
chinery at Springfield armory, thirty-two thou-
sand five hundred dollars.
For arsenals, sixty-six thousand nine hundred
and eighty-five dollars.
For continuing the topographical and hydro-
graphical survey of the delta of the Mississippi,
with such investigations as may lead to dctetmine
the most practicable plan for securing it from in-
undation, fifty thousand dollars.
For payment to Prisciila D. Twiggs of the
amount of the pay and allowances which would
have accrued to her son, George D. Twiggs, had
he been regularly in the service as a second lieu-
tenant of infantry, from the first day of .Tune,
eighteen hundred and forty-seven, the date on
which he left the United States, to the twelfth of
August in the same year when he fell in battle at
the National Bridge, Mexico, two hundred and
thirty dollars and thirty-three cents.
Light-houses.—For completing the light-house at
Sand Key, Florida, forty-four thousand one hun-
dred and twenty-seven dollars and eighty-one
cents.
For completing the light-house at Chicago, Illi-
nois, six thousand three hundred dollars.
For arrearages prior to July first, eighteen hun-
dred and fifteen, payable through the office of the
Third Auditor, under an act approved Mav first,
eighteen hundied and twenty, in addition" to an
unexpended balance of two thousand nine hun-
dred and sixty-nine dollars and fourteen cents,
remaining in the Treasury on the thirteenth of ||
October, eighteen hundred and fifty one, seven
thousand five hundred dollars.
Sec. 2. Jlnd he it further enacted, That all acts
or parts of acts authorizing the President of the
United States, or.the Secretary of the proper De-
partment, under his.direction, to transfer any por-
tion of thp(moneys appropriated- for a particular
branch of ^expenditure in that Department" to be
applied. to another branch1 of- expenditure in the
same Department, be, and are hereby, so far-asre-
latep to the Department of War, repealed; and no
portion of the moneys appropriated by this act
shall be applied to the payment of any expenses
incurred prior to the first day of July, one thou-
sand eight hundred and fifty-two. Sut nothing
herein contained shall be so ftonstrued as to pre-
vent the Presidentfrom authorizing appropriations
for the subsistence of the Army, for forage, for
the Medical and Hospital Departments, and for the
Quartermaster's Department, to be applied to any
other of the above-mentioned branches of expend-
iture in the same department, and appropriations
made for a specific object for one fiscal year shall
not be transferred to any other- object after the
expiration of that year.
Sec. 3. Jlnd be it further enacted, That so much
of the act making appropriations for the support
of-the Army for the year ending the thirtieth of
June, eighteen hundred and fifty-one, approved
the twenty-eighth of September, eighteen hundred
and fifty, as provides extra pay to the commis-
sioned officers and enlisted men of the United
States serving in Oregon or California, be, and the
same is hereby, continued in force for one year
from the first day of March, eighteen hundred and
fifty-two, and that the provision of the last-men-
tioned act be, and is hereby, extended to New
Mexico during the current year provided for by
this section, and that three hundred thousand dol-
lars be, and is hereby, appropriated for that pur-
pose: Provided further, That said officers and men
shall receive only one half of the increased amount
over the regular pay allowed by law.
Sec. 4. Jlndbe it further enacted, That all the
unexpended balances remaining of sums appro-
priated forfortifications, and now liable to revert to
the surplus fund, are hereby reappropriated.
Sec. 5. Jlnd be it further enacted, That pay-
masters' clerks shall be entitled to receive one ra-
tion per day when on. duty at their stations, to be
commuted at the price now authorized when trav-
eling on duty.
Sec. G. .find be it further enacted, That for the
pay and equipment as mounted riflemen, finding
their own horses and forage, of the volunteers
serving under the command of Captain John C.
Fremont, in California, during the year eighteen
hundred and forty-six, as appears by the muster
rolls on file in the War Department, and for the
subsistence and supplies consumed bv said volun-
teers in said service, one hundred and sixty-eight
thousand dollars is hereby appiopriated out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated ; and the Secretary of War is authorized and
empowered to appoint three competent and disin-
terested officers of the Army to examine and re-
port to Congress upon all such claims as may be ,
presented for funds advanced and subsistence and ,
supplies of all kinds furnished or taken for the use
of said command whilst thus engaged in the public
service; and for the expenses of said board of offi-
cers, the sum of two thousand dollars is hereby
appropriated.
Sf.c. 7. .hid be it further enacted, That the second
section of an act entitled " An act to provide for
the settlement of the accounts of public officers
and others who may have received moneys arising
from military contributions, or otherwise, in Mex-
ico," approved March third, eighteen hundred
and forty-nine, shall be so construed as to extend
to officers and other persons who were engaged in
the collection of military contributions as collect-
ors in any part of Mexico or California during the
war with Mexico.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That the Sec-
retary of War be directed to pay each of the sur-
vivors, or to the heirs of those who have died, of
the Seminole warriors, who were mustered into
the service of the United States at Fort Brooke in
December, eighteen hundred and thirty-five, an
amount equal to three months' pay and allowances
of a private soldier in the Army of the United
States: Provided, That the amount so paid shall
not exceed three thousand eight hundred and sev-
enty dollars: Jlndprovided, also, That such amount
paid shall be in full of all claims of said friendly
Seminoles during the Florida war, for compensa-
tion and for indemnity on account of losses sus-
tained.
Sec. 9. Jlnd be it further enacted, That there be
appropriated as aforesaid, to refund to the State of
North Carolina the amount of money advanced
and transportation furnished to volunteers from
that State during the late-war with Mexico, 4he
sum of nine thousand three hundred and eighty-
two dollars and fifty-three cents.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That there be
appropriated as aforesaid, for refunding to the
State of Michigan the amount advanced by said
State in organizing, subsisting, and transporting
volunteers previous to their being mustered into
the service of the United States, during the late
war withMexico, twenty thousand dollars; which
said sum, or so much thereof as shall be necessary
to pay and cancel the claim of said State, as pre-
sented and now on file in the office of the Third
Auditor of the Treasury Department, shall be paid
by the Secretary of the Treasury to the Governor
or other proper officer of the said State of Michi-
gan: Provided, That the same principles be ap-
plied in the settlement of the claims of the Stale
of Alabama, and all other States, for moneys ad-
vanced in raising, subsisting, and transporting
troops for the Mexican war.
Sec. Jl. Jlnd be it further enacted, That in the
adjustment of the accounts of the State of ?rTame,
under the act of the thirteenth of June, eighteen
hundred and forty-two, the proper accounting offi-
cers of the Treasury be, and they ave hereby
directed to include and allow all claims wlurh have
been heretofore presented under said act: Provided,
It shall be satisfactorily shown that said claims
have been actually allowed and paid by the State.
Sec. 12. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the Sec-
retary of War allow and nay to the S'ate of Vir-
ginia all sums that may have been advanced by
that State to the officers and men of her regiment
of volunteers engaged to serve for and during the
war then existing between the United States and
Mexico, for pay for tbeir services from the day
of their enrollment until they were mustered into
the service of the United States: Provided, The
same has not been paid heretofore bv the United
States to any of the officers or men for said ser-
vice.
Sec. 13. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the Sec-
retary of War be, and he is hereby, authorized
and required to pay to the State of South Carolina,
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, such sums of money as were paid
by said State, in eighteen hundred ami thirty-
eight, eighteen ^undred and thirty-nine, and eigh-
teen hundred and forty, for services, losses, and
damages sustained by her volunteers in the Florida
war of eighteen hundred and thirty-six, eighteen
hundred and ihirty-seven, and eighteen hundred
and thirty-eight, while ill the service of the United
States, and on their return from said service, as
weie ascertained and allowed by a board of com-
missioners appointed for that purpose by an act
of the Legislature of said State in eighteen hun-
dred and thirty-seven: Provided, however, That
no interest shall be allowed upon the moneys paid
to the State of South Carolina under the nrnVisions
of this act.
Sec. 14. Jlndbe it further enacted, That in the
settlement of the claims m the State of Georgia
under the provisions of the act of the eleventh of
August, eighteen hundred nnd forty-two, providing
for the settlement of the claims of Georgia for the
services of her militia, which have heretofore been
suspended or disallowed, the accounting officeis of
the Treasury Department allow and pay, upon
proof that the State has allowed and paid tlie same,
all accounts for forage, subsistence, hospital stores,
medical services, and transportation, which have
not been heretofore allowed by the United States:
that for the pay of mounted "infantry, the pay of
cavalry be allowed: the same to be paid out of the
fund appropriated by the act of eleventh August,
eighteen hundred and. forty-two. ' '
Sec. 15. Jlnd be it farther enacted, That the
proper accounting officers of the Treasury De-
partment be, and they are hereby, authorized to
adjust and settle the claims of Florida for the ser-
vice of her troops under the act of February twen-
ty-seventh, eighteen hundred and fifty-one, by the
provisions stated for the settlement of the claims
