1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1657
Corn is .selling for a dollar a bushel at this time.
If this road is constructed, we could Beach New
Orleans in one day, and get our supplies at a much
less price than we now pay.
The planters on the line of road have agreed to
grade one hundred and seventy miicj3 of it, and
to receive pay for the same in stock. In addi-
tion, we have four hundred and four thousand in
cash subscribed. A survey has already been
made, and the estimated cost of the road, fully
completed, is about ^9,900,000. That is a very
heavy work to be undertaken without any foreign
aid, and only by farmers living upon the line.
In addition to this, sir, Government would be
greatly benefited by this road, if it were built, by
the (ianspoi tation upon it of the great Southern
mail. Government is now paying $^3,000 per
annum for carrying the mail from Montgomery to
Mobile. By the completion of this road, the great
connecting link between New York and New Or-
leans, the distance between those places will be
much shortened, and the Government will be
greatly benefited by the transportation of the mail
between those places, through that country, and
over that road. Not only the distance, but the
cost ot transportation will be materially reduced.
Besides, it connects at Mobile with the Ohio rail-
road. It connects with every road in Georgia,
North Carolina, South Carolina, Virginia, on to
New York. It is the last connecting link, and is
all-important tojtlie whole traveling community.
I think I shall be able to show that the Govern-
ment cannot lose by this operation, and may be
benefited by it. The principal portion of the pub-
lic lands through which this road passes has been
offered for sale by the Government for more than
thirty years, and until recently but a very small
portion of these lands has been taken up. But
smcc this survey commenced, at the expense of a
few individuals, for the purpose of trying to get a
market for their produce, the Government has re-
ceived from ^70,000 to $80,000 for lands lying
upon that road. Well, sir, the lands winch are
unsold there are poor pine lands, and only valu-
able for their timber, and. unless that timber can
be made available for this improvement, the lands
cannot be disposed of.
Now, sir, I do not pretend to beg lands of this
House, or of this Government; but if it can be
made to appear that the Government is not to be
injured by it, but that the State and National Gov-
ernments are to be benefited, Idonot see any good
reason why this bill should not pass. There are
public lands lying there which pay no tax to our
State, and they are not benefiting the State in any
way, and never will, unless this road is built, or
something of the kind is done to make those lands
valuable.
Mr. Speaker, I think if the House will reflect
for one moment, and look at the true condition of
that country, and look at the?operation of the bill
which passed this House a few days ago, making
a distribution of the public lands among the seveial
States of the Union, and fee how unfairly it oper-
ates upon the State of Alabama, they will not hes-
itate to pass this bill. That State has paid more
money into the public Treasury, I venture the as-
sertion, than any other State in the Union, accord-
ing to its territorial limits. And yet, sir, under
the operation of the bill to which 1 have alluded,
and which was passed a few days ago, those
lands, although they have been offered for sale
some thirty-odd years, will remain there for as
many years more, unless they are made salable
by improvements of this character. Ihe State of
Alabama is compelled, sir, to take her portion of
the lands in her own State, when the old States
have a right to go into the new States, and to take
their choice of the public lands in the whole coun-
try. Alabama will thus be obliged to take lands
which have been offered for sale for tnirty-odd
years, and which cannot be made valuable unless
by means of this kind, I say that, under the op-
eration of that law, Alabama will be treated with
injustice, though I have no idea it was in the con-
templation of this House to do so, in the passage
of that K'ih I do not believe they understood the
true condition of that section of country. The
previous question was called upon the bill, and it
was not in the power of any member from that
State to show the true condition ot matters ni that
State. The moment it was read in the House, the
previous question was called upon it.
The farmers of that country are and have been
Whatever may be the determination of the PXouse,
I shall be reconciled to it. 1 am, as I have stated
before, convinced in my own judgment that it
j should pass.
| Mr. AVERETT. If the gentleman has con-
■ eluded his remarks, I shall make a motion and
| assign a single reason for so doing.
| Mr. SNOW. I would like to ask the gentle-
I man from Alabama one question before he re-
1 sumes his seat. Does this bill provide for the in-
: creasing of the price of the alternate sections
1 res'ersed to the Government to £2 50 per acre?
! Mr. ABERCROMBIE. It does.
Mr. SNOW. The gentleman has said that the
' land proposed to be granted is poor. 1 will ask
j him, then, whether he had not better accept the
1 conditions of the bill lately passed by this House,
and which does not increase the pi ice of the land
i to $2 50 per acre ? If that land is poor, it certainly
I is for the benefit of the gentleman and his constit-
uents, and for the settlers who may locate upon
| it, to accept it under the conditions of the bill
j passed on Saturday.
Mr. ABERCROMBIE. I will reply to the
; gentleman by stating that I disapprove of that
i portion of the bill to which he alludes; but it is
i embraced in every bill of the kind which 1ms been
| passed, or is now before the House. 1 think the
' price of these lau^ ought not to be increased in
ason
making a great effort to construc this road. They
have a deep interest in it. Withtut the aid asked
for here, it is feared they will no be enabled to
complete its construction. Its building is now
being proceeded with m good faith, and they are
resolved to continue to progress with it as long as
their means last. I have hands working on the
road at this time, and the farmers all around that
region of country have two, some three and four
hands, assisting in its construction. The farmers
wish a cheap, speedy, and safe communication
with market. I am ceitam, if the true condition
of that country weie known, the House would not
hesitate a single moment to pass the bill. The
Government will not lose, but they have every
prospect of gaining by it. It will cause to be sold
lands which othei wise would remain in market;
winch would, probably, remain on the hands of
the Government unsold for years.
Mr. ALLISON. With the gentleman's per-
mission, I will ask him a question. I understand
the gentleman from Alabama complained of the
operations of the bill passed on last Saturday, be-
cause his State, m her selection, would be confined
to lands lying within her limits, those lands having
remained in market unsold for the last thirty years.
They are of course not so valuable as lands lying
within the limits of the new States, Now, if that
is a subject of complaint, why does the gentleman
ask for an appropriation of the same lands for this
road? It is proposed, I think, to take land within
the borders of the State for the road. He can get
none other. Why, then, should he complain ot
the grants made m the geneial bill passed last Sat-
urday ?
Mr. ABERCROMBIE. I will reply to the
gentleman's inquiry promptly. I have stated that
those lands are not now valuable, and cannot be
made so unless an improvement of the character
proposed m the bill under consideration shall be
constructed through them. That is my answer.
Mr. ALLISON. Then if those lands are to be
made valuable by the construction of tins road, I
would inquire of the gentleman why he does not
apply to the Legislature of Alabama for a grant
of a portion ot the lands given to her by the bill
passed on last Saturday ?
Mr. COBB. That bill has not yet passed into
law, nor will it this Congress.
Mr. ALLISON, it is true it is not yet law;
; but so far as this House is concerned, it is law.
1 Those on this side who are m favor of it, intend
; they must rely on that act of appropriation.
Mr. ABERCROMBIE. We would prefer to
■ get the grant now. The work is now progress-
ing, and assistance is needed at this time. The
Legislature will not again meet for two years to
come. If that bill were to pass, we would not
get the appropuation for that length ot time.
When the Government is to be advantaged and
not injured by the grant asked, is there any good
reason why it should be refused? I do not wish
■ to be understood as impeaching the motives of
members. They are no doubt voting in accord-
ance with what their judgment dictates to be cor-
rect. Tins I believe to be the plainest case ever
submitted to a legislative body for its action. The
land which will be granted to the road is now
poor and valueless. They will be immensely im-
picned in value by the construction of the pro-
posed road. If the bill be not passed, this land
will remain in market for years yet to come un-
sold. There is at the present time m this city a
gentleman from Georgia, Judge Iverson,_who
owned a large tract of land of a similar quality to
that asked to be granted to aid m the construction
of the railroad I am advocating. A few days ago
he stated to me that he had an interest m sixty
thousand acres of land, which they recently dis-
posed of for £5,000. eie a raihoad constructed
through that land its value would be enhanced im-
mensely. When an effort of the character now
I being made by the farmers of Alabama—entirely
and alone by them—foi the purpose of opening: a
cheap, speedy, and safe communication with mar-
ket, and when not a speculator has got an interest
in the road, it seems to me it should be aided by
the Government m the way proposed m the hill.
ff members of the House havo confidence in what ,    — .. ..
I have said, thev will pass the bill. 1 am, how- !' pose that I intended to insult the stockholders
ever, awaie that the present is an mansions ' a nrpf-nmimp Th M r«rm «.u.
: time to ask the grant. I know that there exists
feeling against bills of its character; but I believe
this is one against which no feeling ought to exist.
■ value, for the reason that I am of opinion that it is
at present too high. The price is so high that
' theycannotbe disposed of. Theprovision has only
, been inserted to make the bill cunfoim to those
J which have already been passed, and those now
I before the House.
i Mr. SNOW. That is what the general bill is
intended to obviate. It is a condition which this
Government should not enforce upon.the people
of the new States, and settlers. In raising the
price of the alternate sections, the Government
j becomes a common speculator, m connection with
I this special legislation. It is a condition antag-
1 omstic to the interests of the people of that State,
I and the settlers upon these lands—forcing back
| the man who goes there with but a small portion
' of money in his possession, and giving power to
1 the man holding capital to locate upon these par-
: ticular sections.
j Mr. ABERCROMBIE. There is no fear the
'people will object to that pi ovision if the grant
I be made. They desire this aid. The road is in
: the hands of the farmers, and they are encieavor-
; ing to render their estates, through which the road
will pass, valuable by its construction. Foi neaily
j' half the distance of the road, there is very little
' public land. It is only m the lower country
'! whcie land will be obtained in any quantity near
! the waters of Mobile bay.
If the gentleman insists we should make this
i request to the Legislature, I reply to him that we
, will be unable so to do, as it will not be in session
! i for two years to come. In the mean time we would
ji be losing considerable in the way of interest on
i; the money already expended. Again, I lepeat
|j that there is no speculation in this road. It is not
\[ to be constructed by a speculating company, but
| by the hard-woikmg yeomanry of the country.
We are an industrious people, and if we can, are
'' determined to build the road ! Let gentleman un-
!' derstand I am no beggar. I am not begging. In
| granting this land, the Government is not injured,
i but in my judgment greatly advantaged,
i' Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, I under-
J! stand the gentleman to say that the stockholders
' do not want this land for speculation, but merely
i" to aid in the construction of the road, Will the
!' gentleman agree to the introduction into his bill
! of an amendment of this kind:
I, PioviJoh That to the ameunt of the net proceed- of the
■' sales ot ail Ur' lands heipln granted, slock shall dp i-sued
J to the ^cenjM}v of the Tira-ur> in iru-tlbt the Govwrn-
] meiit of the I'niu-d ^tutc^ -o that the land >hall not go to
1; puvate ^ockhohlei^ but to the donoi of the land,
i [A message was here received from the Senate
by AsBritY Dickixs, Esq., its Secretary, noti-
1 tying the House of the passage by that body of
, certain bills.]
i Mr. ABERCROMBIE. It would be an insult
! to the Government to oner such a proposition.
Mr. STEVE.N S. The gentleman did not sup-
Mr. bTEVENS. If the sensibility of the
Government is affected, that is another matter.
[Laughter ]
