1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
745
By Mr. HARPER : The memorial of Thomas Maxfield,
Jacob Glossner, and 63 others, citizens of Muskingum
county, and of Daniel Lanfeaty, Westly Gill, and 10] other
citizens of Guernsey county, Ohio, praying that the bridges
at Wheeling may be established as post roads>xand permit-
ted to remain at their present height.
By Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania: The petition and pa-
pers ot'.Iobeph Richards, asking for bounty land belonging to
H. Hutchinson, a soldieiy &.c.3 deceased.
By Mr. GAYLORD: The petition of Lewis H.Green,
Morrice Jennings, Robert M. Jennings, George S. Gilhland,
A. Stone, Benjamin F. Stone.am! James McCaddon,deputy
marshals of Washington county, Ohio, asking additional
roinpentsation for services rendered in taking the Seventh
Census.
By Mr. SMART: The remonstrance of 150 citizens of
Goo^e River village, Maine, against the discontinuance of
the light-home on Beauchamp Point.
By Mr. FULLER, of Maine: The petition of John O.
Tibbets and f>3 others, asking for an appropriation for build-
ins a light hou^e on the west side of the entrance into
Breck's harbor, on the coas-t ot Maine.
By Mr. RIDDLE : The petition of Jeremiah Eskridge,
of f-Ju^ex county, in the State of Delaware, a soldier in the
Florida war of 1834, '3.) and ;36, praying for an allowance m
the nature of arrears of pension.
By Mr. GORMAN : The petition of Thomas E. A&hby
and Martin Wines, praying the establishment of a mail
route from Bloomfteld, in Green county, to Carlisle, in Sul-
livan county, by the way of Linton.
By Mr. ASI1E : The memorial of C. B. Walletandothers,
of Cumberland county, North Carolina, against the exten-
sion of the Wood worth patent for planing boards, &c.
By Mr. ROBBINS : The petition of Isaac Wood and 172
other citizens of Philadelphia county, asking Congress to
pass an act for the further extension of the Woodworth
patent.
By Mr. ORR: The petition of Waddy Thompson, C. J.
Elford, and 102 other citizens of Greenville, South Carolina,
acainst the turther extension of Woodworthpatent for
plamnsc boards.
By Mr. FLORENCE: The memorial of Charles C. Copes.
Henry R. Copes, Joseph R. C'ohb, and 54 other citizens of
the countv or' Philadelphia, praying for the extension of
Woodworth'f patent for planinjt boards, &.c.
BvMi. BIBIGJIAUri. The petition of Jacob F. Iffim
and 80 others, citizens of Schuylkill county, Pennsylvania,
praying for a modification of the tariff of 184f , and for a
capitation tax on all future emigrants, so as to afford a
tariff to American mechanics and laboring men, &c., &e.
fN SENATE. I
Monday, March 15, 18o2.
Prayer by the Rev. Littleton F. Morgan.
Mr. ATCHISON presented the memorial of
Russell & Jones*, surviving partners of Brown,
Russell & Co., praying remuneration for services,
and indemnification for losses incurred jn trans-
porting commissary and quartermaster's stores for
the troops in New Mexico*, which was referred to
the Committee on Mihtaty Allans.
Mr. SEWARD presented resolutions of the
Legislature of New York, against the extension
of the patent granted to W. W. Woodworth for
a planing machine; which were referred to the
Committee on Patents and the Patent Office, and
ordered to be printed.
Also, a petition of citizens of Freeport, Penn-
sylvania. praying that the transportation of the
mails on Sunday may be prohibited by law; which
was ordered to be laid on the table.
Also, a petition of citizens of the United-States,
remonstramig against the fuither extension of
Wood worth's patent for a pkuu.ig machine; which
was refened to the Committee on Patents and the
Patent Office.
Also, a petition of citizens of Rochester, New
York, praying that the public lands may be
granted to actual settlers only, and to them *.n lim-
ited quantities: which was referred to the Corn-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. UNDERWOOD presented the petition ot
James G. A. McKenny, praying the payment of
his claim acrainst Mexico; which was referred to
the select committee appointed on the subject.
Also, the petition of settlers and occupants of
Carsmj Valley and its neighborhood, praying the
establishment of a territorial government; which
was referred to the Committee on Territories.
Mr. FISH presented a petition of citizens_ of
Albany, New York, praying" that the hill giving
farther remedies to patentees may become r law;
which was referred to the Committee on Patents
and the Patent Office.
Mr. WADE presented a memorial of assistant
marshals !or taking 0>e Seventh Census in Wash-
ington county, Ohio, piaying additional compen-
sation: which, was ordered to be laid <>n the table,
Mr. SUMNER pipsented a petition of ship-
owners, merchants, and others, ol Newbury port,
Massachusetts, nraym^ that lurther aid may be
extended toColhns's hne of steam-ships; which
was referred to the Committee on Naval Aftairs.
Mr. RRODHEAD presented a resolution of the j
Legislature of Pennsylvania in relation to Smith])
O'Brien and his associates; which was ordered to ||
be laid on the table and printed. jj
Also, a resolution of the Legislature of Penn- | 
sylvania against the removal of the Mint from jj
Philadelphia to New York; w3iich was ordered to h
be laid on the table and printed. ,j
Also, resolutions of the Legislature of Penn- jj
sylvania in favor of the establishment of a naval };
depot and dry dock on the lake frontier; which (j
were referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs, j!
and ordered to be printed. :■
Also, six petitions of citizens of the city and j,
county of Philadelphia, praying the extension of j:
Wood worth's patent for a planing machine; which ,.
were referred to the Commitfee on Patents and the j
Patent Office.
Also, two petitions of citizens of Pennsylvania,
praying an increase of the duties on iron; which ,!
were referred to the Committee on Finance. ''
Also, a memorial of merchants, ship-owners, I,
and others, citizens of Philadelphia, praying a||
modification of the law for the reduction of the |;
costs and expenses of proceedings in admiralty; p
which was referred to the Committee on the Ju- j!
diciary. j
Also, a petition of citizens of Erie, Pennsylva- |
nia, praying the establishment of anavy-yard and :
dry dock on the lake frontier; which was referred |
to the Committee on Naval Affairs. 1
Also, a memorial of citizens of Pennsylvania, i
remonstrating against the further extension of
Woodworth's patent for a planing machine: which
was referred to the Committee on Patents and the
Patent Office.
Also, a petition of citizens of Luzerne county, "
Pennsylvania, remonstrating against the further''
extension of Wood worth's patent for a planing j
machine; which was referred to the Committee jt
on Patents and the Patent Office. i
Mr. DODGE, of Wisconsin, presented the pe- '
tition of John Bensley, prayins: indemnity for;!
losses and injuries sustained m Mexico previous ;
to the war; which "was referred to the select com- !'
mittee appointed on the subject. ;
Mr. CHASE presented three memorials of as- '■
sistant marshals for taking the Seventh Census m
Ohio, praying additional compensation; winch 'i
were ordered to he laid on the table !i
Also. i  petition of citizens of Belmont county, '
Ohio, remonstrating against the further extension ,,
of Woodworth Js patent for a planing machine:,,
which was referred to the Committee on Patents 1
and the Patent OBice.
Mr. PRATT presented the memorial of Lucie ,
Ann Garner, widow of Captain H. Gainer. kUe .j
of the Army of the United States, praying that a
pension may be allowed her: which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. SMITH presented a petition of oiu/eiis of ,
Worcester county, Massachusetts, remuiisuawng :
against the further extension of Wood worth's 1
p.>tent for a planing machine: which "ras referred .
to the Committee-on Patents and the Patent Cilice.
Mr. MANGUM presented the petition nf Ed- .
ward Kudd, prayii"r compensation for slaves car- :
r:ed oft by the enemy during the last war with ■
Great Britain; which was referred to the Commit- '
tee on Foreign Relations.
Also, the'peation of Henry A. Wise, and the •
Iestt! representatives of ,T. J. Wise, praying com-
pensation for slaves carried o'f by the enemy
(luring the last war with Greit Britain: which was
referred to the Committee on Foreign Rele'ions.
Mr. BAYARD presented a petition of citizens
of Pennsylvania, remonstrating against the further
extension of Woodwork's pi'entfnr a plamng
machine; which was referred tu the Coinmhtee
on Patents and the Patent Office, _ w
Mr. WADE presented the memorial of S.
Snmk, assistant marshal for taking the Seventh
Census in Wood county, Ohio, praying additional
compensation; which war; ordered tc be Lucl on
the table.
Mr. DAVIS presented the petition of Lucretia
Barton, one of the heirs of Jacob Town, deceased,
praying ihat a new warrant may issue, in lieu of
; one' issued to the heirs of ^aid Town for bounty
! land, and which ha^ been lost: which wf-s referred
! to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
! Mr. BROOKE presented a petition of certain
! Choctaw Indians,known as " Bay Indians,"pray-
ing compensation for reservations of land undet
the fourteenth article of the treaty of 1830, of which
they were forcibly dispossessed; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Also, resolutions of the Legislature of Missis-
sippi, in favor of the establishment of certain
mail routes in that State; which were referred to
the Committee on the Post Officeand Post Roads,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. FELCH presented a petition of citizens-of
Michigan, praying that a grant of land may be.
made to the State, for constructing the Oaklanu
and Ottowa railroad; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. CLEMENS presented the memorial of
John M. Mullin, praying compensation for ser-
vices, as messenger in the Penitentiary of the
District of Columbia; which was referred to the
Committee for the District of Columbia.
Mr. SHIELDS presented the petition of Jacob
Banta, praying authority to locate and enter land
n virtue of two revolutionary bounty land certifi-
es; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, submitted a docu-
ment in relation to the claim .of R. C. Patterson,
against the Government of Mexico; which was
referred to the select committee appointed on the
subject.
Mr. STOCKTON presented a petition of citi-
zens of the State of New Jersey, praying Con-
gress to pass a law to prohibit absolutely the de-
portation, banishment, orimmigration from foreign
countries to the United States, of any and all con-
victs, felons, and paupers, publicly recognized as
such at home m their own countries; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
Also, a petition of citizens of Germantown,
Pennsyhania, pi ay ins, a modification of the bounty
land law; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
COLLINS'S LINE OF STEAMERS.
Mr. RHETT. I have a petition, very numer-
ously signed by some of the first merchants and
ship-owners in the city of Charleston, praying for
an appropriation in favor of Collins's line of steam-
ers. As the petition is very brief, I beg leave to
read it,
The petitioners state that it is not as residents
of Cluuieston, South Carolina, but as patriotic
citizens of the United Suites that they make thia
petition. The Collins hue is not a local, but a
national interest. New York, from its commer-
cial position and relations with Europe and this
continent,happens, indeed, to be the point to and
iVoni wh.eh the.se ma^oifment and unecjualed
^team-ships make their trips; but they do not re-
gard them us. for that reason, any more properly
belonging locally to that city, than the general
Federal revenue, of wht'-h ho large a proportion is
collected at th««t point, can be regmded as belong-
ing to New York. They say, whatever objec-
tions of private interest to the object for which
they petition some of them might possibly enter-
tain from the rivalries and 1'ompetuions of_ com-
merce, they cannot nut forget all such considera-
tions m ihe larger and higher interest with which
thev contemplate the jrrent national nvalry, the
new Pac'tic n:ua 1 warfare now m progi ess between
the tvvo haulms m uitime countries of the world—
tne F/^hso Monarchy as repie^ent^d m the Cun-
nr*J, ai-d the Republic of the United States in the
Cuhius Ime. This has risen, by general recog-
nition in both conttnems, above the level of any
persona! interest", ereat or small, into the higher
character of mtionalcontent, m which the national
pride am' honor, as well t.m more substantial
interests morally incident to national reputation,
are nvn :i deeply in vol \ ed. EnirbmJ sustains, and
is a:wevreauv to su-'tmn her line with whatever
further'Government sunportmc-y be reqriviU- for
;h'it por^os.e. The CoH:ns line has thuss far
.cri'ned its honoiab'e irmmphs, those vic'^r.es of
«eace ''r.'-tles^ lcnow'iicd tha^ th^se 0 v*a.\"
cnhr at t'oc o:\ ens^ of Iocs to owner-* t^o ruin-
ous', as ^ evident, to he farther continued. With-
out the aid now eskei for, the Jhagmust
1 c°ase to fiont over the n.-'^ie hn< Transnllantic
•.:e on-slups. which evuj; e> strongly thegiorious
tnunmhs of American Oiec!;an:cs, engineers, and
' navhiai-O,s. Tlioy feel thnt this uou!d be a r.a-
tiom-l disaster and dcon-pomtmait. well as a
national disiznve; ;-,nl tiiai it would he beheld
/
\ii;h fee-tug^ ot rt-cr^-t not
less universal than
