1658
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 3,
Mr. ABERCROMBJE. This road would af-
ford a great advantage to the Government in the
transmission of the great Southern mail, which
must necessarily pass over this road from New
Orleans to New York.
Mr. COBB. I would rather decline saying any-
thing in relation to the odious feature of these bills
to which the honorable gentleman fromNewYork
[Mr. Snow] alluded, that is, increasing the price
of the reserved sections of public lands to $2 50
per axsre. I am, and always have been, opposed
to that feature being inserted in the railroad bills
in my.section of the country. We propose by
these bills to carry troops and munitions of war
Upon these roads for the General Government, and
for the transportation of what the Government
may choose to send free of charge, except the mail.
I hold that this would be a sufficient equivalent
for all we get from the General Government in the
State of Alabama, for we, by our own private en-
terprise, bring thousands of acres of poor land
into market, which otherwise would never have
been sold. As a demonstration of that fact, I am
informed by the engineer of the Mobile and Chi-
cago Railroad that this road runs through Ala-
bama about sixty-six miles before it reaches the
city of Mobile. Lands which have been entered
along the line of that road for SI 25 per acre be-
fore the road was chartered, hafc been sold since
for upwards of twenty dollars per acre. Every
solitary foot of land through that whole piny
country would not bring $1 25 per acre, even
within six miles of Mobile, until that road was
chartered, but now persons are anxious to take it
up at $2 50. In the committee, I voted against the
feature in the bill increasing the price of the re-
served sections of land. I voted against it because
1 considered it an odious feature; and it is one
which I will always oppose. 1 hold that the lands
in Alabama are too high now, and my policy is
to reduce tliern in price so that the Government
may sell out those lands, so long in market but re-
maining unsold.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Georgia. I desire to state
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ste-
vens] that the persons interested in this road—the
stockholders wishing to construct it—would not
be willing that stock should be issued to the
Government of the value of the land which would
be donated by the Government. And why would
they not be willing' The public lands which
remain unsold, and which will be appropriated by
this bill, have been in market for many years;
and I know, from my own personal observa-
tion and experience, that they are nearly worth-
less except for the timber. The Government
now, by granting these lands to this railroad, will
enable it to appropriate the timber. Take the
right of way, and whatever value the building of
this road nuiy add to these alternate sections, and
the Government will receive the benefit in the in-
creased value of those sections. The mode of
granting these alternate sections is not a gratuity
at all. The Government, by making such grants,
not only increases the value of the lands granted,
but the value of their reserved sections, perhaps not
to the exientof §2 50 per acre. In addition to
that, this is not a voluntary grant, for the company
here stipulates with the Government to transmit
the troops, the public stores, and the mail of the
United States, under such a contract and such
regulations as shall be agreed upon by the parties
and the Government. It is a grant, then, for a
valuableconsideratinn. Hereare lands lyingnow
without sale, and there is no one ready to pur-
chase them.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Suppose,
instead of giving land to build this road, the Gov-
ernment should think it worth while to make a
road, which would increase the value of the lands,
and pay for it in money, in conjunction with the
assistance of Alabama, would they be entitled to
stock, like the other stockholders, or must they
give it to enrich those stockholders, because it
would aid i.i di. ;>osin  of the lands '
Mr. JOHNSON. That embraces a constitu-
tional question, notof policy and propriety. Itis
now discnnV aq'iciiion of propriety.
Mr. STEYilNS. I cannot see the distinction.
I have looked at both platforms, and I can see no
difference. [Laughter ]
Mr. JOHNSON. T shall nut attempt now to
draw the distinction. That is a question I do not
wish to discuss at this time. I contend that the
Government has a right to dispose of the lands.
Hers is a conveyance for value. In addition to
that, these individuals, by their property and
labor, render the property of the Government
more valuable by thus stipulating to do euch
things for the Government, as carrying the muni-
tions of war, stores, and the mail of the United
States, free of charge. This road is a link which
connects the cities upon the Gulf and the Eastern
cities. Every gentleman here upon this floor who
represents Eastern interests, from Savannah to
New York, is interested in the construction of this
road. It is strictly a national road, one in which
the whole country is interested. If there is a road
which has been presented to this Housedeserving
their favorable consideration, this is one.
Mr. ABERCROMBIE. I will not detain the
House longer upon this subject. I wish the ques-
tion decided, and I hope there will not be a dis-
senting voice in the House in regard to this bill.
I therefore call the previous question upon the
bill.
Mr. CABLE, of Ohio. Is it in order to move
to refer the bill to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union?
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I would sug-
gest to the gentleman from Alaoama [Mr. Aber-
crombie] to recommit the bill, in order to keep the
bill before the House.
Mr. ABERCROMBIE. I will accept the sug-
gestion, make the motion to recommit, and demand
the previous question.
Mr. LETCHER. Is it in order to move to lay
the bill upon the table?
The SPEAKER. It is in order.
Mr. LETCHER. Then I submit that mo-
tion.
Mr. CLINGMAN. It wants but two or three
minutes of the expiration of the morning hour. I
hope there will be no objection to our going into
Committee of the Whole.
The SPEAKER, It can only be done by unan-
imous consent.
POST-ROUTE BILL.
Mr. OLDS. I wish to say to the House, that
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads
is next to be called, as I understand that this is the
last report from the Committee on Public Lands.
I propose, when the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads is called, to put the postage bill
upon its passage. I have a number of amend-
ments 
Mr. AVERETT. I rise to a question of or-
der 
Mr. OLDS. I wish to submit these amend-
ments, in order that they may be printed.
Mr. AVERETT. I wish to raise the question
of order, and to bring the House to order. I un-
derstand that reports from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands are in order.
The SPEAKER. The pending question is a
privileged one. it is to lay the railroad bill upon
the table.
Mr. McMULLIN. I desire to know if a mo-
tion to commit the bill will take precedence of a
motion to lay upon the table?
The SPEAKER. It will not at present.
Mr. McMULLIN. I will submit that motion
at the proper time.
The SPEAKER. The proposition is not de-
| batable.
I Mr. McMULLIN. I desire to ask my col-
league [Mr. Letcher] to withdraw the motion to
lay upon the table with a view that I may submit
the motion to commit.
The SPEAKER. If that motion was with-
drawn, the demand for the previous question
would exclude the motion to commit. ■;
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I understood J
the gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Abercromsie] i|
to move to recommit the bill before he called for :i
the previous question. '!
The SPEAKER. The gentleman did move to I
recommit the bill, and then demanded the previous ; *
question. The gentleman from Virginia [Mr. ■'
Letcher] then moved to lay the bill upon the >j
table, and that is the proposition now before the
House.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded the yeas ,
and nays.
Mr. EVANS asked for tellers upon the yeas ,!
and nays; which were ordered. ' " j|
The House was then counted, (Messrs. Crusn-
ler and Penn acting as tellers,) and there were—
ayes 51, noes 34.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HOUSTON. Will it be in order to move
that the rules be suspended, and that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union?
The SPEAKER. It is in order.
Mr. HOUSTON. I wish to give notice to the
House that I intend, after we come out of the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, to
move a resolution proposing to close the debate
upon the deficiency bill at one o'clock on Mon-
day. I now move to go into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
THE CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. NABERS. I have a privileged motion to
make, and that is to reconsider the vote by which
the resolution in reference to the Pennsylvania
election case was laid upon the table yesterday.
Mr. BOCOCK. I move to lay the motion to
reconsider upon the table.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I rise to a
question of order. I desire to know if the gentls-
man from Mississippi [Mr. Nabers] voted with
the majority ?
Mr. NABERS. I did.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask that my motion may
be put, and that this matter may be passed over
informally.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion, that
if insisted upon by any member on this floor, the
motion to reconsider is first in order.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Suppose we pro-
ceed to the reconsideration. It is not debatable,
and will it not be in order, pending that consider-
ation, to move to go into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union? The rule says
it may be doneatany time. We are not precluded,
! assume, from making the motion to go into the
Committee ofthe Wholeon thestate of the Union,
when a question of reconsideration is pending,
that motion having been made, and no gentleman
having the floor; nor can any gentleman make a
speech upon it, it not being a debatable question.
The SPEAKER. In the opinion of the Chair,
it is a question purely of priority. Both are priv-
ileged motions. The Chair thinks, and has so
decided before, that the motion made by the gen-
tleman from Mississippi [Mr. Nabers] is of a
higher grade, affecting theright of a member upon
this floor. The decision of the Chair is, that it
takes precedence of the proposition to go into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. JONES. Would not another motion to go
into the Committee of the Whole take precedence
of that?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that it is
not competent for the House to postpone the con 
sideration of the motion •of the gentleman from
Mississippi, if it is insisted upon.
Mr. NABERS. I shall not insist upon it. I
can make the motion again this evening, I pre-
sume ?
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman with-
draw the motion to reconsider ?
Mr. NABERS. I do, sir.
Mr. HOUSTON. I insist upon my motion
now.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Hous-
ton's motion, and it was decided in the affirma-
tive.
So the rules were suspended, and the House
resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mr. Stuart in the
chair.;
The CHAIRMAN stated, as the first business
in order before the committee, the consideration of
House bill No. 207, to supply deficiencies m ap-
propriations for the service of the fiscal year end-
ing June 30th, 1852, upon which the gentleman
from Georgia [Mr, Toombs] was entitled to the
floor.
Mr. TOOMBS addressed the Committee an
hour upon the subject of the Democratic and
Whig nominees for the Presidency. He referred
to the political history of Messrs. Pierce and
King, the Democratic nominees, and showed thai
they had always proved steadfast friends to the
constitutional rights of the South. On the other
hand, the Whig nominee for the Presidency,
General Scott, although he had accepted the nom-
ination, with the resolutions annexed, had no
