XXIV
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
For permanent annuity, stipulated in the thir-
teenth article of the treaty of the eighteenth of Oc-
tober, eighteen hundred and twenty, six hundred
dollars. . .
For permanent annuity for education, stipulated
in the second article of the treaty of the twentieth
of January, eighteen hundred and twenty-five, six
thousand dollars.
For life annuity to one Wayne warrior, stipu-
lated in the twenty-first article of the treaty of
twenty-seventh of September, eighteen hundred
and thirty, twenty-five dollars.
For permanent provision for blacksmith, stipu-
lated in the sixth article of the treaty of eighteenth
of October, eighteen hundred and twenty, and the
ninth article of the treaty of twentieth of January,
eighteen hundred and twenty-five, six hundred
dollars.
For iron and steel, &c., for shop, stipulated in
the ninth article of the treaty of 20th of January,
eighteen hundred and twenty-five, three hundred
and twenty dollars.
For "interest on the amounts awarded Choctaw
claimants under the fourteenth article of the treaty
of Dancing Rabbit Creek of the twenty-seventh
of September, eighteen hundred and thirty, from
the first of July, eighteen hundred and fifty-two to
the date of the passage of the act entitled " An act
to supply deficiencies in the appropriations for the
service of the fiscal year ending the thirtieth of
June, eighteen hundred and fifty-two, a sum not
exceeding two thousand dollars: Provided, That
the Secretary of the Interior be, and he hereby is,
authorized to examine the reservation claims of
the Choctaws known as Bay Indians, and of those
Choctaws in whose cases the scrip awarded by the
late Board of Commissioners has not been issued;
and where he shall find that such Indians are
clearly entitled to land under the fourteenth article
of the treaty of eighteen hundred and thirty, and
under the several acls heretofore passed in relation
to such claims, he is hereby authorized to extend
to such claimants the provisions applicable to such
claims in the acts of twenty-third August, eighteen
hundred and forty-two, and of third March,
eighteen hundred and forty-five.
For supplying a deficiency in the appropria-
tions heretofore made for removing the Choctaw
Indiansfrom Mississippi, as estimated by the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs, thirty-seven thousand
four hundred and twelve dollars.
Chickasaws.—For permanent annuity, stipulated
in the act of the twenty-fifth of February, seven-
teen hundred and ninety-nine, three thousand dol-
lars.
For payment to the Chickasaw Indians for
amount of defalcation of Captain R. D. C. Collins,
United States disbursing agent, together with in-
terest thereon at the rate of six per cent, per an-
num from March, eighteen hundred and thirty-
nine, until paid, twenty-four thousand nine hun-
dred eighty-two dollars and twenty-nine cents.
For the payment of two thousand eight hun-
dred anil fifty-two dollars and thirty-six cents to
Hiram R. Pitchlyn in his own right and as the
sole heir-at-law and legal representative of his
brother, John Pitchlyn, deceased, that being the
amount of the proceeds of the sales of two quar-
ter-sections of land granted to and located in the
names of the "said Hiram R. Pitchlyn and John
Pitchlyn, under and by virtue of the eighth article
of the treaty with the Chickasaw Indians, made
at the city of Washington on the twenty-fourth
day of May, in the year eighteen hundred and
thirty-four, and which quarter-sections of land
were sold and the proceeds thereof invested in
the stock of the State of Arkansas, pursuant to
the provisions of the article aforesaid: Provided,
That said Hiram R. Pitchlyn shall establish his
identity, and prove that he is John Pitchlyn's sole
heir, to the satisfaction of the Secretary of the In-
terior.
Chippewas of Lake Superior and the Miisissippi.—
For sixteenth of twenty ins'allments in money,
stipulated in the second article of the treaty of the
twenty-ninth of July,eighteen hundred and thirty-
seven, nine thousand five hundred dollars.
For sixteenth of twenty installments in goods,
stipulated in the second article of the treaty of the
twenty-ninth of July, eighteen hundred and thirty-
seven, nineteen thousand dollars.
For sixteenth of twenty installments for the es-
tablishment of three smiths' shops, supporting
three smiths, and furnishing iron and Bteel, stipu-
lated in the second article of the treaty of the
twenty-ninth of July, eighteen hundred and thirty-
seven, three thousand dollars.
Forsixteenth oftwenty installments for the sup-
port of farmers, purchase of implements, gram or
seed, and 'to carry on their agricultural pursuits,
stipulated in the second article of the treaty of the
twenty-ninth of July, eighteen hundred and thirty-
seven, one thousand dollars.
For sixteenth of twenty installments for the pur-
chase of provisions, stipulated in the second article
of the treaty of the twenty-ninth of July, eigh-
teen hundred and thirty-seven, two thousand dol-
lars.
Forsixteenth oftwenty installments for the pur-
chase of tobacco, stipulated in the second article
of the treaty of the twenty-ninth of July, eighteen
hundred and thirty-seven, five hundred dollars.
For eleventh of twenty-fi veins tallmentsm money,
stipulated in the fourth article of the treaty of the
fourth of October, eighteen hundred and forty-two,
twelve thousand five hundred dollars. '
For eleventh oftwenty-fiveinstallmentsingoods,
stipulated in the fourth article of the treaty of the
fourth ofOctober, eighteen hundred and forty-two,
ten thousand five hundred dollars.
For eleventh of twenty-five installments, for the
support of two smiths' shops, including pay of
two smiths, and furnishing iron and steel, stipula-
ted in the fourth article of the treaty of the fourth
ofOctober, eighteen hundred and forty-two, two j
thousand dollars. |
For eleventh of twenty-five installments for the j
pay of two farmers, stipulated in thefourth article j
of the treaty ofthe fourth ofOctober, eighteen hun-
dred and forty-two, one thousand dollars.
For eleventh of twenty-five installments, for the
pay of two carpenters, stipulated in the fourth ar-
ticle of the treaty of the fourth of October, eighteen
hundred and forty-two, one thousand two hundred
dollars.
For eleventh of twenty-live installments for the
support of schools, stipulated in the fourth article
of the treaty of the fourth of October, eighteen
hundred and forty-two, two thousand dollars.
For eleventh of twenty-five installments for the
purchase of provisions and tobacco, stipulated in
the fourth article of the treaty of the fourth of
October, eighteen hundred and forty-two, two
thousand dollars.
For the sixth, seventh, eighth, ninth, and tenth,
of forty-six installments to be paid to the Chippe-
was of Mississippi, stipulated in the third article
of the treaty of the second of August, eighteen
hundred and forty-seven, five thousand dollars.
Creeks.—For permanent annuity, stipulated in
the fourth article of the treaty of the seventh of
August, seventeen hundred and ninety, one thou-
sand five hundred dollars.
For permanent annuity, stipulated in the second
article of the treaty of the sixteenth of June, eigh-
teen hundred and two, three thousand dollars.
For permanent annuity, stipulated in the fourth
article of the treaty of the twenty-fourth of Jan-
uary, eighteen hundred aad twenty-six, twenty
thousand dollars.
For permanent provision for blacksmith and as-
sistant, stipulated in the eighth article of the treaty
of the twenty-fourth of January, eighteen hundred
and twenty-six, eight hundred and forty dollars.
For iron, steel, &c., for shops, stipulated in the
eighth article of the treaty of the twenty-fourth of
January, eighteen hundred and twenty-six, two
hundred arid seventy dollars.
Forsixteenth of twenty installments, for the pay
of two blacksmiths and assistants, stipulated in the
thirteenth article of the treaty of the twenty-fourth
of March, eighteen hundred and thirty-two, one
thousand six hundred and eighty dollars.
For iron, steel, &c., stipulated in the thirteenth
article of the treaty of the twenty-fourth of March,
eighteen hundred and thirty-two, five hundred and
forty dollars.
For permanent provision for the pay of a wheel-
wright, stipulated in the eighth article of the treaty
of the twenty-fourth of January, eighteen hundred
and twenty-six, six hundred dollars.
For twenty-second of thirty-three installments
for education, stipulated in the thirteenth article of
the treaty of the fourth of January, eighteen hun-
dred and forty-five, three thousand dollars.
For interest on three hundred and fifty thousand
dollars at five per centum, stipulated in the third
article of the treaty of the twenty-third of Novem-
ber, eighteen hundred and thirty-eight, seventeen
thousand five hundred dollars.
For ninth of twenty installments for education,
stipulated in the fourth article of the treaty of the
fourth of January, eighteen hundred and forty-
five, three thousand dollars.
For blacksmith and assistant during the pleas-
ure of the President, stipulated in the fifth article
of the treaty of the fourteenth of February, eigh-
teen hundred and thirty-three, eight hundred and
forty dollars.
For iron, steel, and coal, during the pleasure of
the President, stipulated in the fifth article of the
treaty of the fourteenth of February, eighteen
hundred and thirty-three, two hundred and seven-
ty dollars.
For wagon-maker during the pleasure of the
President, stipulated in the fifth article of the
treaty of the fourteenth of February, eighteen
hundred and thirty-three, six hundred dollars.
For agricultural implements during the pleasure
of the President, stipulated in the eighth article of
the treaty of the twenty-fourth of January, eigh-
teen hundred and twenty-six, two thousand dol-
lars.
For education during the pleasure of the Presi-
dent, stipulated in the fifth article of the treaty of
the fourteenth of February, eighteen hundred and
thirty-three, one thousand dollars.
For liquidated balance found due the Creek In-
dians for losses sustained during the last war with
Great Britain by that portion of the tribe that was
friendly to and cooperated with the United States,
in accordance with the promise of the Government,
one hundred and ten thousand four hundred and
seventeen dollars and ninety cents; to be paid by
the United States agent for the Creek Indians to
those individuals now living, and the legal repre-
sentatives of those deceased who are entitled to
receive the same.
To pay the claim of David Taylor, as adjusted
and found due by the Second Auditor of the Treas-
ury on the eleventh of March, eighteen hundred
and fifty-two, under the latter clause of the thir-
teenth article of the treaty with the Cherokees,
concluded at New Echota, twenty-ninth Decem-
ber, eighteen hundred and thirty-five, and ap-
proved by the Senate, twenty-four thousand eight
hundred and fifty-three dollars and four cents, and
to be paid out of the balance of the appropriations
of July second, eighteen hundred and thirty-six,
under the act entitled " An act making further
appropriations for carrying into effect certain In-
dian treaties."
Dclawares.—For permanent annuity, stipulated
in the fourth article of the treaty, of the third of
August, seventeen hundred and ninety-five, one
thousand dollars.
For permanent annuity, stipulated in the third
article of the treaty of the thirtieth of September,
eighteen hundred and nine, five hundred dollars.
For permanent annuity, stipulated in the fifth
article of the treaty of the third of October, eigh-
teen hundred and eighteen, four thousand dollars.
For permanent annuity, stipulated m the sup-
plemental treaty of the twenty-fourth of Septem-
ber, eighteen hundred and twenty-nine, one thou-
sand dollars.
For life annuity to chiefs, stipulated in the pri-
vate article of supplemental treaty of the twenty-
fourth of September, eighteen hundred and twenty-
nine, to the treaty of the third of October, eigh-
teen hundred and eighteen, two hundred dollars.
For life annuity to chiefs, stipulated in the sup-
plemental article to the treaty of the twenty-sixth
of October, eighteen hundred and thirty-two, two
hundred dollars.
For ,"permanent provision for the purchase of
salt, stipulated in the third article of the treaty of
the seventh of June, eighteen hundred and three,
one hundred dollars.
For permanent provision for blacksmith and as-
sistant, stipulated in the sixth article of the treaty
of the third of October, eighteen hundred and eigh-
teen, seven hundred and twenty dollars.
For iron, steel, &c., for shop, stipulated in the
sixth article of the treaty of the third of October,
eighteen hundred and eighteen, two hundred and
twenty dollars.
For interest ofi forty-six thousand and eighty
dollars at five per centum, being the value of thirty-
six sections of land set apart by treaty of eighteen
hundred and twenty-nine, for education, stipulated
in resolution of the Senate of the nineteenth of
