746
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 15,
those which pervaded the remotest border of the
Union during the period when the fate of the pio-
neer vessel of the line, "the Atlantic," was the
prominent subject of national anxiety and almost
national mourning. They therefore petition that
such amount of aid as, on satisfactory investiga-
tion may be found to be necessary for the purpose
above stated, may be extended to the Collins line
by Congress.
J will state that this petition is from the most re-
spectable merchants and others in the city of
Charleston. I have never voted for any appro-
4 priation of this kind, nor do I suppose that 1 shall
vote for this; but it is due to the petitioners, as
well as to myself, to state that during the last
fall I was in Europe, and had occasion to see and
know that the same feeling which actuates the
petitioners here upon this subject, very largely
actuates the English people on the other side of S
the water. I present the petition, and move that
it be referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
The petition was so referred.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. JONES, of Iowa, it was
Ordered, That ihe resolution of the Legislature of Iowa,
on the files of, the Senate, rotating to the pension claim of
Sila* Messenger, be referred to the Committee on tensions.
On motion by Mr. RUSK, it was
Ordered, That the memoiial of John R. Jefferson, on
the flies of the Senate, be referred tu the Committee on the
Po^t Office and Post Roads.
On motion by Mr. FOOT, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of F. Hntfmann, on the files
of the Senate, be referred to the Committee of Claims.
On motion by Mr. CLEMENS, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Seneca G. Simmons, on
the files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
KEPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
v Mr.-ATCHISON, from the Committee on In-
V* dian Affairs, to which was referred the resolutions
w passed at a meeting of the inhabitants of the town
of Milton, Wayne county, Indiana, recommend-
ing a division of the Indian territory of Nebraska,
and for the removal of certain tribes of Indians,
asked to be discharged from the further consider-
ation thereof, and that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Territories; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the memorial of John A. Bryan,
submitted a report, accompanied by a resolution
for his relief; which was read and passed to the
second reading. The report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. DOWNS, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, to which was referred the petition
of the heirs of James and Lucy Perrie, submitted
an adverse report on the same. The report was
ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the bill authorizing payment by the
Surveyor General of California, for the survey of
certain land claims which have been or may be
presented to the Board of Land Commissioners
for adjudication under the act of Congress of
March 2, 1851, to ascertain and settle private land
claims in California, asked to be discharged from
the further consideration thereof, and that it be
referred to the Committee on Public Lands; which
was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the petition of Maria Taylor, sub-
mitted a report, accompanied by a bill for her re-
lief; which was read and passed to the second
reading.
Mr. BRADBURY, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to which was referred the memorial of
Jehiel Brooks, asking authority to sue the United
States for damages sustained m defending his title
to land in a suit brought againsthim by the United
States, submitted an adverse report.
Mr. FELCH, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to which was referred the petition of James
Higgmbotham, submitted a report, accompanied
by a bill for his relief; which was read and passed
to the second reading. The report was ordered to
be printed.
Fie also, from the same committee, to which
was referred a memorial of citizens of California,
urgnig an immediate survey of the public lands in
that State: a resolution of the State of Vermont,
in relation to the indigent jnsane; the memorials of
the Legislature of Alabama, in relation to an ap-
propiation of land for the establishment of a luna-
tic asylum, &c.; and the memorial of the Com-
missioners of the Asylum for the Deaf and Dumb
at Fulton, Missouri,in relation to the same, asked
to be discharged from the further consideration
thereof; which was agreed to.
' He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the petition of William Woodbridge,
praying a grant of land, submitted an adverse re-
port, which was ordered to be printed.
He,also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the petition of George W. Dent, in
behalf of occupants of land in townships forty-
three and forty-four, prayingthat disposition may
be made in conformity with the views of the So-
licitor and the Commissioner of the General
Land Office, submitted an adverse report, which
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. FISH, from the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, to which was referred the memorial of
Thomas Marston Taylor, submitted a report, ac-
companied by a bill for his relief; which was read
and passed to the second reading. The report
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. CLEMENb, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, to which was referred the me-
morial of John B. and Thomas Johnson, for
reimbursement of expenses in defending a defec-
tive title to land from the United States, asked to
be discharged from the further consideration there-
of; which was agreed to.
BILLS PASSED.
The following engrossed bills were severally
read a third time and passed:
Bill for the relief of the securities of Elijah J.
Weed, late quartermaster of marines, deceased;
Bill for the relief of Nancy Wright;
Bill for the relief of Robert Jemison and Ben-
jamin Williamson;
Bill for the relief of Nathaniel Kuykendall;
Bill to provide compensation to William Wood-
bridge and Henry Chipman, for services in ad-
justing titles to land in Michigan, and for other
purposes;
Bill for the relief of Sarah Flinn;
Bill for the relief of David Osborn;
Bill for the relief of Thomas D. Jennings;
Bill for the relief of John McReynolds, of De-
troit, in the State of Michigan;
Bill for the relief of Samuel Bray;
Bill for the relief of Thomas Rhodes; and a
Bill to grant the right of preemption to settlers
on the public land known as the Maison Rouge
Grant, and for other purposes.
WILLIAM A. CHRISTIAN.
The engrossed bill for the relief of William A.
Christian was read a third time.
On motion by Mr. GWIN, to reconsider the
vote on the passage of the bill, it was determined
in the affirmative; and it was ordered to be laid on
the table.
GUNPOWDER DEPOTS.
Mr. FISH submitted the following resolution
for consideration; which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to re-
port to the Senate any information m his possesion touch-
ing the neoo; sity of establishing suitable depots for the pres-
ervation of the gunpowder belonging to the United States,
and whether the public service require the establishment of
such depots.
MAP OF NEW MEXICO.
Mr. CHASE submitted the following resolution
for consideration; which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of Wai communicate to
the Senate a map of the Tern tory of New Mexico, compiled
bv Brevet Lieutenant J. G. Parke, United State? Topo-
graphical Engineers, by order of Brevet Colonel J. Munroe
United States Army, commanding ninth military depart-
ment.
lited Sts
int. j
H E
A mess
EXTENSION OF THE CAPITOL.
A message from the House of Representatives
was received by Mr. Hayes, its Chief Clerk, an-
nouncing that it had passed the joint resolution
from the Senate to authorize the continuance of
the work upon the two wingsof the Capitol, with
an amendment, and requesting the concurrence of
the Senate therein.
The PRESIDENT subsequently said: There
is on the table a joint resolution which has been
returned from the House of Representatives, with
an amendment, to authorize the continuance of
the work on the two wings of the Capitol. What
disposition will the Senate make of it?
Mr. SHIELDS. The proper committee to
which that resolution ought to be referred are not
now here, nor are they ready to act upon it; and
as I suppose'there will be no serious objection to
it, 1 move that it be taken up and put upon its
passage, without being referred to any committee.
The PRESIDENT. This'is a joint resolution
which has been returned from the House of Rep-
resentatives. It will be in the power of the Seriate
to act upon it immediately, or to refer it, as they
may think proper.
i>/Ir. SHIELDS. It seems to me that it may
as well be disposed of now.
The PRESIDENT. The amendment made by
the House is, to strike out all after the resolving 1
clause, and insert the following :
"That there be, and is hereby, appropriated out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the
period from which the passage of this resolution to the end
of the fiscal year terminating June 30th, 1853, the sum of
$500,000, for the continuance of the work on the two wings
of the Capitol."
Mr. GWIN. There is not a majority of the
Committee on Finance in the Senate; and as it is
a matter that action should be had upon as early
1 as possible, I will move its reference to the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia.
Mr. SHIELDS. I was going to say that the
Committee for the District of Columbia is in pre-
cisely the same condition. There is not a quorum
of the committee in the city, and that is the reason
why I think it would be better to pass the measure
at once.
Mr. STOCKTON. X move that the Senate
agree to the amendment. This is a bill of great
importance, and should be passed forthwith.
Mr. MASON. I was only going to suggest
that the resolution appropriates half a million of
money. It is a resolution originating, I believe,
with the Committee on Finance.
Mr. BRODHEAD. The Committee on Public
Buildings.
Mr. MASON. This resolution appropriates a
very large sum of money, and though I dislike to
throw any obstacles in the way of its passage un-
necessarily, it seems to me that it should go to its
appropriate committee. I understand the Senator,
who desires its passage now, to intimate that there
is not a majority of the Committee on Finance
present at this time. I think there may be a ma-
jority of the Committee on Public Buildings, which
is an appropriate committee.
Mr. SHIELDS. There is not a majority of
the Committee on Public Buildings present, nor
of the Committee for the District of Columbia;
and, consequently, if the matter is referred to a
committee, it will remain a long: time in abeyance.
It is true it appropriates $500,000, but that is only
half the amount which the President has called
for in the civil bill. It extends to the end of the
fiscal year, 1853.
Mr. MASON. What is the amount in the
original resolution ?
The PRESIDENT. The original resolution is,
that the Secretary of the Interior may continue in
employment, for the construction of the wings of
the Capitol, so many mechanics and laborers as
can be properly engaged in the work, and appro-
priates $10,000 to carry that into effect. As the
resolution has now come back, it is proposed to
strike out the sum of $10,000 and insert $500,000.
Mr. SHIELDS. The original resolution was
merely temporary. My opinion is, that if we con-
tinue the work at all, if it be not abandoned en-
tirely, now is the best time for these men to go on
with the work. There cannot be a better season
than the present; and surely, if it is not entirely to
be given up, we ought to pass this resolution.
The work r.as been neglected long enough. That
is my view of the matter, and I have no other
object in passing it now. As it is to be acted
upon, I presume, sooner or later, and as this is
only half the amount which the Executive calls
for, I take it for granted we may as well adopt the
resolution now. I understand the question has
been long and earnestly debated in the House of
Representatives, and after having been thus ma-
turely deliberated upon, it has been passed in the
shape in which it now comes before the Senate.
Mr. BORLAND. I am aware, Mr. President, „
that in rising to say anything on the side of this
question which I feel bound to occupy, 1 place
myself in a very ungracious attitude before the
Senate—certainly before the galleries, which, to a
great extent, are made parties, deeply-interested
parties, to this bill and its discussion.
