1660
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 6,
of Indiana on an equal footing with other States
in that respect, and authorizing the sale of these
lands at $1 25 per acre, he supposed there would
be no opposition to it, and asked its immediate
consideration.
It was considered accordingly the Senate as
in Committee of the Whole, and no amendment
being made, it was read a third time and passed.
He also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the petition of William Stone, praying to
be allowed to locate certain lands, submitted an
adverse report; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. PRATT, from the Committee on Claims,
to which was referred the memorial of the legal
representatives of John G. Mackall, submitted a
report, accompanied by a bill for the relief of the
legal representatives of John G. Mackall, de-
ceased; which was read and passed to the second
reading. The report was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to which
w,as referred the petition of the legal representa-
tives of Dr. William Somerville, submitted a re-
port, accompanied by a bill for his relief; which
was read and passed to the second reading. The
report was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to which
were referred the petition of Samuel S. Marcy,
and the petition of Elizabeth Parsons, submitted
adverse reports thereon; which were ordered to be
printed.
He also, from .the same committee, to which
were referred the petition of Mira M. Alexander,
and the petition of the Oneida Indians, praying
that certain allowances may be made to them,
asked-to be discharged from the further consider-
ation thereof; which was agreed to.
Mr. PRA.TT also submitted reports on the
above petitions; which were ordered to be printed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives
was received by Mr. Forney, its "Clerk, announ-
cing that it had passed the following bills:
An act to establish additional land districts in
the State of Wisconsin; and
An act to amend an act entitled "An act for
'the discontinuance of the office of surveyor gen-
* eral in the several districts so soon as the sur-
* veys therein can be completed, for abolishing
* land offices under certain circumstances, and for
' other purposes."
The above-named bills were severally read a
first and second time by their titles, and referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
PUBLIC PRINTING.
Mr. CLEMENS gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a joint resolution to provide
for the election of a public printer, and fixing the
prices at which the work shall be done.
TilE CUBAN EXPEDITION.
A reessage was received from the President of
the United States, by Mr. Fillmore, his Secre-
tary, recommending that provision be made by
Congress to compensate the consul of the United
States for expenses incurred in the outfit and trans-
portation to the United States of certain foreigners
engaged in the Cuban expedition; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance.
MEXICAN BOUNDARY COMMISSIONER.
The Senate proceeded to consider the resolution
submitted by Mr. Weller on the 28th June, m
relation to certain charges preferred against J. R.
Bartlett, commissioner for running the Mexican
boundary, as follows:
J?£<oZvc^,Tlmt the charge^ preferred by Colonel J. Mc-
Clellan, of the Topographical Corps, and others, against
.J. it. Barllett, appointed Comwissionei to i un and mark the
boundary line between the United Statcs*and the Republic
of Mexico, be relcired to a select committee of five lor in-
vestigation, with power, if necessaiy, to send for persons
and
Mr. WELLER addressed the Senate at consid-
erable length in defense of his conduct while Com-
missioner to run the Mexican boundary. [His
speech' will be found in the Appendix.]
Mr. CLARKE. Mr. President, I do not feel
disposed, at this late hour, to attempt to go into
the question, which has been so ably and so fully
argued by the honorable Senator from California,
[Mr. Weller.] With very much of the remarks
of the Senator, I certainly have no connection
whatever. I am not " my brother's keeper.'5 So
far as regards the injury which the honorable Sen-
ator has received, or supposes he has received,
from a distinguished gentleman, who is no longer
a member of this body, I have nothing to do with
it. I have heard his explanation, and his justifi-
cation; and 1 have not one word to say against it.
I simply rise now to say, that I stand here to de-
fend, so far as the limited means jn my possession
will enable me to defend, the character of the pres-
ent Commissioner upon the Mexican boundary
commission. As was well observed by the hon-
orable Senator from California, the means within
our power are yet incomplete, and wholly insuf-
ficient to allow us to judge the question, whether
the present Commissioner has performed his du-
ties, under the orders which he has received, and
put a proper construction on the treaty of Guada-
lupe Hidalgo; or whether he has, from any in-
sufficiency of power, or from any corrupt motive,
departed from that treaty, or departed from the
position which he should occupy as a high func-
tionary of the Government of the United States.
This is a question that I have not yet the means
fully in my power to ascertain or determine. I am
not, therefore, at this moment, prepared to go
into that defense as fully as I intend. Hence 1
rose to ask that this resolution be postponed to
some future, and no very distant day. I have in
my possession some papers which relate to the
subject. I have other papers at home, which
reached me during the interna between the last
session of Congress and the present one, for which
I shall be obliged to send, or go and get them, m
order to make what feeble justification I can for
the present Commissioner, before the expected
documents are received from the Department of
the Interior. I would observe here, that some six
weeks since I called at the Department of the In-
tenor, and was told that within a week all the
papers relating to that boundary commission,
which were to be sent m upon the call of the hon-
orable Senator from California, would be here.
They have not yet reached us. When they do
reach us, it will be too late to have them printed
in season for us to use them at this session of
Congress. I therefore now desire to ask, that, in
case they come in while I am out of my place,
they may not be ordered to be printed, in order
that the manuscript may be here for our inspec-
tion before any other action may be taken.
I move now that the further consideration of
this resolution be postponed until Thursday. At
that time I hope I shall be prepared to throw as
much light upon the subject as the limited means
within my power will enable me to 'do. But I
venture now to say, m anticipation—and I feel
bound to say in justification of the present Com-
missioner—that the limited means within my reach
will, I think, enable me entirely to exculpate him
from the charges which have been made against
him, not by the honorable Senator from Califor-
nia, but by others; and I trust that all the docu-
ments, when they appear, will show him forth
before the country clear, unstained, and unblama-
ble.
Mr. WALLER. If it would suit the conve-
nience of the Senator from Rhode Island, I would
prefer to have the resolution postponed for a,longer
period than Thursday. I shall then be necessarily
absent. I should, of coursc, desire to be here
when the honorable Senator defends the action of
the present Commissioner.
Mr. CLARKE. Will the Senator have the
goodness to name his own day—any day which
will suit him ?
Mr. WELLER. Say Thursday week.
Mr. CLARKE. Then, in accordance with the
suggestion of the honorable Senator, I move to
postpone the further consideration of the resolu-
tion until Thursday week next, I would, how-
ever, state, that if he should not be present on the
day which I propose, I should feel bound not to
go on in his absence.
Mr. RUSK. I have no objection, sir, to the
postponement of the resolution before the Senate
until Thursday week. Inasmuch, however, as a
postponement of it, in connection with what has
been said in regard to the papers which we ex-
pect to receive from the Secretary of the Interior
m answer to another call, might carry the idea
that that subject is to be postponed and passed
over, I simply rise to say that I shall not agree to
any such understanding. I do not care anything
about the charges preferred against the Commis-
sioner; but I see by a communication from the
Secretary of the Interior, that the initial point on
the Rio Grtande established by the treaty of Gua-
dalupe Hidalgo, has been departed from—palpably
and clearly departed from—to the damage of the
United States, and in favor of Mexico, for some
thirty or thirty-five miles. With regard to that
point, it is my purpose at all times, and at all
places, whenever and wherever I can, to avoid the
consummation of the new line not included in the
treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo. And, when the
papers come in, if they bear upon that point—as I
apprehend they will, and 1 have been only wait-
ing for them upon that ground—I shall desire that
those papers be printed at once. When the de-
ficiency bill was under consideration, 1 voted for
an appropriation to supply a deficiency for this
boundary commission, with a condition. I have
examined this matter with regard to the departure
of the line fixed by the treaty of Guadalupe Hi-
dalgo, and in regard to that question there can be
no doubt. I do not intend to vote another dollar
to this boundary commission—so far from it, I
mean to resist the appropriation of any more
money until we have some assurance that the
treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo, and not the nego-
tiations between the Commissioners, is to settle the
initial point of the line upon the Rio Grande.
Mr. CLARKE. 1 certainly did not anticipate
the objection made by the Senator from Texas,
[Mr. Rusk,] and how far that objection may go
I am hardly able to say. The means are not in
my possession from which I can judge what were
the initial points agreed on by the Commissioners
of the two countries on the Rio Grande, under
the treaty of. Guadalupe Hidalgo. Until these
documents come from the Department of the In-
terior, I am unable—what information may be in
the possession of the Senator from Texas I do
not know—to form any opinion as to the pro-
priety or impropriety of the initial points agreed
upon.
I hold in my hand a letter addressed to me by
the American Commissioner himself, dated from
" El Paso del Norte, 27th December, 1850," and
in that letter he states that he has come to an
agreement with the Mexican Commissioner on the
line to be run for the southern boundary of New
Mexico; and he states distinctly, plainly, clearly,
and unequivocally—and that statement must be
true or false—that he has been governed by the
provisions of the fifth article of the treaty of
Guadalupe Hidalgo, and that he has been gov-
erned by the map of Disturnell, published in 1847,
which was referred to in that treaty; and although
he states that that map, in itself, is manifestly in-
correct, still he has secured for the United States
a large quantity of land which it was feared would
be lost, together with the rich and valuable gold
and copper mines of New Mexico.
Now, sir, this manner of casting imputations
in advance upon any public officer, I will simply
say does not meet my approbation. If, upon the
inspection of these papers—as I have once be-
fore said in this body—the Commissioner shall
be found to have been derelict in his duty, either
from ignorance or corruption, let him be con-
demned. But, sir, while he is absent, in the wil-
derness or the desert, being permitted to enjoy
probably, as his only luxury, the privilege of
bathing now and then in the muddy and turbid
waters of the Gila, I protest most sincerely against
his being arraigned in this body, that he may be
condemned by the American people undefended,
and without the means of defense within the
reach of his friends. Let the whole correspond-
ence be presented, and the maps to which a refer-
ence is made. In that correspondence he says,
" I am preparing two maps of the line fixed by
' the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo, to which I call
4 your attention; the one, of the line claimed by
' the Mexican Commissioner, and the other, the
' line secured by me." Let these maps come in,
and let all the information be before the Senate, so
that the Senate and the country may know what
has been done, and whether this Commissioner
has yielded up or given away—as* he has been
charged with doing—a large quantity of beautiful
land, the first of that description ever heard of in
that country. For it has been said that he has
yielded up some twenty-two minutes of latitude—
about twenty-five miles—and has thus inflicted a
loss upon the country. If that be true, let him be
condemned. But I beg to suggest, in extenuation
at least, if not in defense of the Commissioner,
