•xx '1
THE/CONGRESSIONAL* GLOBE.
President, stipulated in the seventh article of the
treaty of the twenty-eighth of March, eighteen
hundred and thirty-six, one thousand two.-hun-
dred dollars.
Osagcs.—For fifteenth of twenty installments as
annuity, stipulated in the second article of the
treaty of the eleventh of January,, eighteen hun-
dred and thirty-nine-, twenty thousand dollars. •
For fifteenth of twenty installments for two
smiths' establishments, stipulated in the second
article of the treaty of the eleventh of January,
eighteen hundred and thirty-nine, two thousand
dollars.
For fifteenth of fifty installments for pay of two
millers, stipulated in the second article of the treaty
of tiie eleventh of January, eighteen hundred and
thirty-nine, one thousand two hundred dollars.
For interest on sixty-nine thousand one hundred
and twenty dollars, at five per centum, being the
valuation of fifty-four sections of land, set apart
by the treaty of "the second of June, eighteen hun-
dred and twenty-five, for educational purposes,
per resolutioa of the Senate of the nineteenth of
January, eighteen hundred and thirty-eight, three
thousand four hundred and fifty-six dollars.
Pianleeshaws.—For permanent annuity, stipu-
lated in the fourth article of the treaty of the third
of August, seventeen hundred and ninety-five, five
hundred dollars.
For permanent annuity, stipulated in the third
article of the treaty of the thirtieth of December,
eighteen hundred and five, three hundred dollars.
Pawnees.— For agricultural implements, during
the pleasure of the President, stipulated in the
fourth article of the treaty of the ninth of October,
eighteen hundred and thirty-three, one thousand
dollars.
PcAinv:atomies of Huron.—Pot permanent annu-
ity, stipulated in the .second article of the treaty
of the seventeenth of November, eighteen hundred
and seven, four hundred dollars.
Pvttaicalomies.'—For permanent annuity, stipula-
ted in the fourth article of the treaty of the third of
August, seventeen hundred and ninety-five, one
thousand dollars.
For permanent annuity, stipulated in the third
article of the treaty of the thirtieth of September,
eighteen hundred and nine, five hundred dollars.
For permanent annuity, stipulated in the third
article of the treaty of the second of October, eigh-
teen hundred and eighteen, two thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
For permanent annuity, stipulated in t'nesecond
article of the treaty of thetwentieth of September,
eighteen hundred and twenty-eight, two thousand
dollars.
For life annuity to chiefs, stipulated mi the sec-
ond article of the treaty of the twentieth of Sep-
tember, eighteen hundred and twenty-eight, one
hundred dollars.
For permanent annuity, stipulated in the second
article of the treaty of the twenty-ninth of July,
eighteen hundred and twenty-nine, sixteen thou-
sand dollars.
For twentieth of twenty installments as annuity,
stipulated in the third article of the treaty of the
ivvetihetli of October, eighteen hundred and thirty-
two, fif'teni thousand dollars.
For life annuity to chiefs, stipulated in the third
artic'e of the treaty of the twentieth of October,
eighteen hundred and thirty-two, four hundred
dollars.
For twentieth of twenty installments as annuity,
simulated ill the lliird article of the treaty of the
twenty-sixth of October, eighteen hundred and
thirty-two, twenty thousand dollars.
Foreighfeenth of twenty installments as annuity,
stipulated in the third article of the treaty of the
twenty sixth of September, eighteen hundred and
thirty-three, fourteen thousand dollars.
For life annuity to chiefs, stipulated in the third
oi tide of the treaty of the twenty-sixth of Septem-
ber, eighteen hundred and thirty-three, seven hun-
dred dol'a's.
For eighteenth of twenty installments as annuity,
stipulated in the second supplemental article of
the treaty of the twenty-sixth of September, eigh-
teen hundred and thirty-three, two thousand dol-
lars.
For permanent provision for the purchase of
salt, stipulated in the third article of the treaty of
the seventh of June, eighteen hundred and three,
one hundred and forty dollars.
For permanent provision for the purchase of one
hundred and sixty bushels of salt, stipulated in
the third article of the treaty of the sixteenth of
October, eighteen hundred and twentyrsix, three
hundred and twenty dollars.
For education during the pleasure of Congress,
stipulated in the third article of the treaty of the
sixteenth of October," eighteen hundred and twen-
ty-six, two thousand dollars.
■ For permanent provision for blacksmith and
assistant, stipulated in the third article of the
treaty of the sixteenth of October, eighteen hun-
dred and twenty-six, seven hundred and twenty
dollars.
For permanent provision for iron, steel, &c.,
for shop, stipulated in the third article of the treaty
of the sixteenth of October, eighteen hundred and
twenty-six, two hundred and twenty dollars.
For education during'the pleasure of Congress,
stipulated in the second article of the treaty of the
twentieth of September, eighteen hundred and
twenty-eight, one thousand dollars.
For permanent provision for the payment in
money, in lieu of two thousand pounds of tobac-
co, fifteen hundred pounds of iron, and three hun-
dred and fifty pounds of steel, stipulated in the
second article of the treatv of the twentieth of Sep-
tember, eighteen hundred and twenty-eight, and
the tenth article of the treaty of the fifth of June,
eighteen hundred and forty-six, three hundred dol-
I lars.
For permanent provision for blacksmith and
i assistant, stipulated in the second article of the
1 treaty of the twentieth of September, eighteen
hundred and twenty-eight, seven huudred and
twenty dollars.
For permanent provision for iron, steel, &c.,
for shop, stipulated in the second article of the
treaty of the twentieth of September, eighteen
hundred and twenty-eight, two hundred and twen-
ty dollars.
For permanent provision for blacksmith and
assistant, stipulated in the second article of the
treaty of the twenty-ninth of July, eighteen hun-
dred and twenty-nine, seven hundred and twenty
dollars.
For permanent provision for iron, steel, &c.,
for shop, stipulated in the second article of the
treaty of the twenty-ninth of July, eighteen hun-
dred and twenty-nine, two hundred and twenty
dollars.
For permanent provision for the purchase of
fifty barrels of salt, stipulated in the second article
of the treaty of the twenty-ninth of July, eighteen
hundred and twenty-nine, two hundred and fifty
dollars.
For education during the pleasure of Congress,
stipulated in the fourth article of the treaty of the
twenty-seventh of October, eighteen hundred and
thirty-two, two thousand dollars.
For intereston sixhundred and forty-three thou-
sand dollars, at five per centum, stipulated in the
seventh article of the treaty of the fiflh of June,
eighteen hundred and forty-six, thirty-two thou-
sand one hundred and fifty dollars.
Quapaws.—For twentieth of twenty installments
as annuity, stipulated in the fourth article of the
treaty of the thirteenth of May, eighteen hundred
and thirty-three, two thousand dollars.
For education during the pleasure of the Presi-
dent, stipulated in the thirtj article of the treaty of
the thirteenth of May, eighteen hundred and thirty-
three, one thousand dollars.
For blacksmith and assistant, during the pleas-
ure of the President, stipulated in the third article
of the treaty of the thirteenth of May, eighteen
hundred and thirty-three, eight hundred and forty
dollars.
' For iron, steel, &c., for shop, during the pleas-
ure of the President, stipulated in the third article
of the treaty of the thiiteenth of May, eighteen
hundred and thirty-three, two hundred and twenty
dollars.
For pay of farmer during the pleasure of the
President, stipulated in the third aittcle of the
treaty of the thirteenth of May, eighteen hundred
and thirty-three, six hundred dollars.
Six Nations of New York.—For permanent an-
nuity, stipulated in the sixth article of the treaty
of the eleventh of November, seventeen hundred
and ninety-four, four thousand five huudred dol-
lars.
Senecas of New York.—For permanent annuity,
in lieu of interest on stock, per act of the nine-
teenth of February, eighteen hundred and thirty-
one, six thousand dollars.
For interest in lieu of investment on seventy-
five thousand dollars, at five per centum, per act
of twenty-seventh of June, eighteen hundred and
forty-six, three thousand seven hundred and fifty
dollars.
Stockiridges.—For interest on sixteen thousand
five hundred dollars, at five per centum, stipulated
in the ninth article of the treaty of the twenty-
fourth of November, eighteen hundred and forty-
eight, eight hundred and twenty-five dollars.
Sioux of Mississippi.—For intereston three hun-
dred thousand dollars, at five per centum, stipu-
lated in the second article of the tieaty of the
twenty-ninth of September, eighteen hundred and
thirty-seven, fifteen thousand dollars.
. For sixteenth of twenty installments as annuity
in goods, stipulated in the second article of the
treaty of the twenty-ninth of September, eighteen
hundred and thirty-seven, ten thousand dollars.
For sixteenth of twenty installments for the
purchase of medicines, agricultural implements,
and stock, and for support of farmers, physicians,
: and blacksmith, &c., stipulated in the second
; article of the treaty of the twenty-nimh of Sep-
tember, eighteen hundred and thirty-.seven, eight
, thousand two hundred and fifty dollais.
I For sixteenth of twenty installments for the
[ purchase of provisions, stipulated in the second
article of the treaty of the twenty-ninth of Sep-
tember, eighteen hundred and thirty-seven, five
thousand five hundred dollars.
For fulfilling treaties with the Sioux of the Mis-
sissippi, to wit: For payment of the chiefs of the
See-se-toan and Wah-pay-toan bands of Dakota
' or Sioux Indians, to enable them to settle their
affairs, and to comply with their present just en-
: gagements; for expenses of removal cf the said
] bands from the lands ceded, and for subsistence
of themselves for one year thereafter, per first
clause of the fourth article of the treaty of twenty-
third July, eighteen hundred and fifty-one, ratified
by the Senate of the United States on twenty-third
, June, eighteen hundred and fifty-two, two hundred
and seventy-five thousand dollars.
j For this amount, to be laid out under the direc-
| tion of the President, for the establishment of
manual labor schools; the erection of mills and
i blacksmith shops; opening farms; fencing and
! breaking land, and for such other beneficial ob-
| jects as may be deemed most conducive to the
; prosperity and happiness of said Indians, per
| second clause of same article and treaty, thirty
j thousand dollars.
i For interest at the rate of five per centum on the
sum of one million three hundied and sixty thou-
sand dollars, per same article and treaty, sixty-
j eight thousand dollars.
For interest at the rate of five per centum on the
sum of one hundred and twelve"thousand dollars,
(to be added to the tiust fund provided for in the
fourth article,) being the amount allowed in lieu
of the reservation set apart in the third article,
containing one million one hundred and twenty
thousand acres, at ten cents per acre, per Senate's
amendment to the aforesaid treaty, five thousand
six hundred dollars.
For payment to the chiefs of the Med-ay-wa-
, kan-toan and Wah-pay-koo-tah bands of Daco-
tah or Sioux Indians, to enable them to settle their
i affairs and enable them to comply with iheirpres-
j ent just engagements; for expenses of removal
of said Indians from the lands ceded, aed forsub-
sistance for themselves for one ye..r I hereafter; per
first clause of the fourth article of the treaty of
fifth August, eighteen hundred and fifty-one, rati-
j fied by the Senate of the United States twenty-
third June, eighteen hundred and fifty-two, two
hundred and twenty thousand dollars.
For this amount, to be laid out under the direc-
tion of the .President, for the establishment of
■ manual labor schools; the erection of mills and
blacksmith shops; opening farms; fencing and
1 breaking lands, and for such other beneficial ob-
jects as may be deemed most conducive to the
j prosperity and happiness of said Indians, per sec-
ond clause of same article and treaty, thirty thou-
sand dollars.
For interest at the rate of five per centum on
J the sum of one million one hundred and sixty
thousand dollars, per same clause, aiticle and
i treaty, fifty-eight thousand dollars.
For interest at the rate of five per centum on the
