748
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 15,
hear that accuracy and propriety have been ob-
served in the expenditure of this money. If my
friend fro-n North Carolina states this as a fact,
within his own knowledge, I will take it as set-
tling that part of the question.
Mr. BADGER. 1 do not know it; but I have
understood it to be so.
Mr. BORLAND. And I have understood it to
be quite the contrary. I repeat, if my friend from
North Carolina would state this as a fact within his
own knowledge, I would rely upon it. But being
stated as a mere matter of opinion, based upon
what jie has heard, he must excuse me if I cannot
take his opinion instead of my own, when mine is
based upon what I consider reliable information.
Mr. BADGER. I think the difficulty of my
friend is, that he does not understand the ordinary
mode in which money is drawn in pursuance of an
order of this kind. Congress appropriates money
to be applied for a particular purpose, under the
direction of the person appointed with that view.
He is the agent to whom Congress has intrusted
this business. He draws the money at once. He
does not take vouchers before expending the
money; he draws from time to time, and settles
with his vouchers. That is the usual course. All
I know about it is, that the act of Congress au-
thorizes the expenditure of this money, which
was appropriated last Congress, by the architect
whom the President shall select for carrying no
the work. We made him our officer or agent to
disburse this appropriation.
Mr. BORLAND. I hope it is all true. I am
not well informed on this matter, as my friend
very rightly supposes. I am, to a considerable
extent, ignorant of the details of the expenditure
of the public money; and I am thankful, always,
when a friend will inform me. But, sir, it is for
that very reason, if there was no other, that I am
particular on this occasion, and desire that this
matter shall be put m such a form, and made so
clear and intelligible, that even one so dull as my-
self may understand it, and that the people may
know how their money is expended. That I do
not and .cannot understand these things, is what I
complain of—it is an important part of my objec-
tion to this resolution. If our legislation be, as it
seems to have been in this case, obscure in its
terms, loose in its provisions, and fails to impose
sufficient safeguards and restrictions around our
moneyed expenditures Jo make them safe, and
faithful, and economical, I think it is high time
that we should change its character, and bring
those expenditures alike within safe bounds, and
within our own knowledge; for until we do so, to
say the least of it, we not only are not, but cannot
be as careful in the discharge of these duties we
are sent here to perform, as we should be.
Now, sir, with all these things staring me in the
face, whatever may be my feelings of sympathy
for (he laboring men who have been brought here
to work upon the Capitol, and who now throng
the galleries for effect—whatever may my de-
sire to s«je them prouded with work, and supplied
with the means of a comfortable subsistence, I
cannot give my vote fur this large, and, a« 1 regard
it, unnecessary and improper appropriation.
But, Mr. President, these, in themselves, are
small things we have been considering—the mere
incidents and indications of largf-r, vastlv larger,
and more important considerations which lie en-
tirely above and beyond this resolution, nod the
particular ohjer?, rn which, upon its frve, it is di-
rected. The reso'ution, wjth its immediate ob-
ject, is part of «. .system—a small part, I admit,
out yet no less a paw., and, though small itself,
a very significant part of a system of measures,
which, m my humble opinion, involve the funda-
mental principles ofour(r vernm*!it, and upon the
practical interpretation and observance of which,
depends the weal or woe of thisU/iion, in HI unie
to come. Although, therefore, f entert-j n, and
have sought to show serious and insuperable ob-
jections to the resolution itself, I hove ava.led of
it, mainly, for the occasion it afforded of express-
ing my views of the great system of which it is
the humble, but significant, and, perhaps, because
small and insidious, the more dangerous type and
representative.
Sir, there is no concealing or avoiding tne fact
that tsic aangerou; tendency of out* system of gov-
ernment, is that toward;; centralism and cr/iisoUda-
How. I well know, sir, that in asserting thin, 1
Hut suggest argument which U ever "potent,ij}
with certain Senators upon this floor, and with a
&ert&in«echool of politicians throughout the coun-
try, to carry them in the very .opposite direction
from that in which I would be glad to see them
go, and, as I think, the good of this country re-
quires them to go. I know full well that those
Senators and that school of politicians to which
I allude, and of which they are the honored lead-
ers, need no other and no stronger argument
to induce them to support any measure than the
proof that it ministers to that tendency I have
mentioned—to concentrate and consolidate power
here in this Federal head, at the expense of the
sovereignty, the independence, the rights, and (
legitimate power of the several States. It is not, i
therefore, in the vain hope of inducing them to
abandon the resolution, that I have characterized
it as representative of that Federal system; by
no means, sir; for I well know that they will vote
for it to a man. That is a foregone conclusion.
But, sir, I so characterized it and commented
upon it, for the purpose—the legitimate purpose,
I trust—of marking the position of the political
party, the Democratic party, to which I belong, in |
opposition to centralism and consolidation, and i
the obligation we recognizeto oppose all measures j
which are attainted of that tendency—to avoid j
them as unclean,unholy, and dangerous things— j
to meet them at the threshold, and resist them ]
by all lawful means, at all hazards, and to the |
last extremity.
In my opinion, there is no danger of a dissolu-
tion of this Union, or destruction of the Govern-
ment, by a flying off of any of its parts. The
tendency is centripetal, and therein lies the danger.
The sources of this danger consist in the tendency
of power, wherever it may be found, whether in the
hands of individuals or governments, to cumulate
itself and strengthen its own functions. Begin-
ning* with the Government, this tendency has been
manifested, and, with occasional checks, has
slowly, but in ray opinion, surely been increasing
down to the present hour. An instance of it is
seen whenever and wherever a power \p exercised
which the Constitution has not granted. If, I re-
peat, this Union of States shall ever be destroyed,
this will be the cause. Overriding the Constitu-
tion, disregarding rights and crushing interests, it
will ultimately .grasp and absorb all the functions
of all the governments, State and Federal. Tower-
ing up as a great central power, it will overshadow
the States, and swallow up their sovereignty; and
then nothing of Union will be left but its name,
while one srreat consolidated despotism will fill its
place. Who will love, and venerate, and adhere
to it then ? In this way, if ever, this Union may
he, not dissolved, but consolidated and destroyed.
It may "grow to a pleurisy, and dip nf its own too
much."
Upon one occasion—and it is my wont upon all
suitable occasions—I was advocating an extension
of our possessions—aye, sir, an acquisition of
more territory, believing it to be the best, the
most practicable, and the most certain means of
giving legitimate strength, mid tending to insure i
perpetuity to our system of government, by en- |
couragmg the increase in the number of States, ]
which, by their separate and diversified interests, ,
will form the best, perhaps the only effective :
counterpoise to the controlling tendency of the j
federal power. While doing this, I was inter- ;
rupted by a gentleman of the opnosite school of |
politics, with this remark: u Sir, if we extend our j
limits as far as you propose, the central fire will
! not be able to warm the circumference of our sys-
tem of government." And that, I replied, is just
I what I wish to accomplish. T want no ii central
lire*' which shall hc ve nower to extend its heat
;j to the circumference of our system. I want each
■■ State to fnmish us own fire: anJ that of each
1 unking with the other, and throwing here upon
the center a focus of rays of light and heat, give
that degree of genial warmth and vitality, and no
i mo>-e, •"'luch may enable this center to perform its
j legitimate funct one, wh'ch, I think, arc few and
| veil defined, with a healthv but not excessive vigor
! and efficiency. For, T added, should this natural
and lawful order ever be reversed, and the central
fire become so intense as to send its stimulating
rays to the circumference, it would he but a little
while before a 2,ene;'al conflagration would ensue,
from being consumed in which no earthly power
could save our rights, on * liberties, and onr hap-
piness
These opposite opinions, as to the tendency of
our system of government,which I haveattempted
to delineate, (To, in my opinion, characterize the
two great political parties of the country, and
draw the line of separation between them. Fuse
these opposite opinions into one, or obliterate the
line I have drawn, and political parties, as distin-
guished by principles, cease to exist. I ha\*e
always stood upon the Democratic side of this
line, and my course has ever been away from the
center. I trust never to see those opinions fused
into each other, and loose their distinctive and an-
tagonistic characters. I trust never to see that
line of demarcation between the Democratic and .
Whig parties obliterated. Keep those opposite
opinions clearly and accurately enunciated; keep
that line well defined and deeply drawn, and the
parties they divide boldly arrayed against each
other, and my faith in truth is such that I shall
have no fears for her success in the conflict she
is fated to wage with error.
And the next great fact, connected with the first
I have dwelt upon, and which can no more be
c<2tacealed, avoided, or disregarded, than the first, .
is, that the most facile and fearful instrumentality
of the fearful centralism I have mentioned is
federal patronage, in the protean shapes of large
moneyed expenditures. And, in view ot this, what
is more palpable to our daily observation, what
more painfully impressed upon every patriot's
convictions, at every turn of the federal kaleido-
scope, here at this well-spring of—I will not, for
decency's sake, say corruption, but—intrigue, and
arrangement, than that this malign, I had almost
said, this obscene, instrumentality, this very Jug-
i gernaut of political morality, is rapidly augment-
| ing its power? Who does not see, who i^ not
t made to feel, in some way or other, that this is so ?
! He who cannot see it, has, m my opinion, already
i fallen under the curse of "judicial blindness."
, He who will not see it—I will not soy what has
, befallen him.
\ Turn back a few pages of the political history
I of this Government—only as far back as 1839.
j Then, with an expensive war on hand, the coun-
j try thought the Government not only extravagant,
| but profligate; and not only censured, but repudi-
ated and hurled from power the Administration,
! because the annual expenditure was $39,000,000,
i one third of which, or about $13,000,000, was con-
! sumed in that war ! Since then, sir, only thirteen
years, the expenditures have run up to the enor-
mous sum of $52,000,000 ! and that, too, in a year
of profound peace with " all the world and the rest
of mankind"." And yet, who talks now of ex-
travagance? Who" arrays himself against this
great and growing evil1 Who raises his voice
against its present enormity? Who puts forth
his hand to stay its further and fearful progress?
Mr. President, 1 have listened long and earn-
estly for the sound of that voice. I have watched
anxiously and with interest, to see that hand raised.
I wished it to be, I hoped it would be, a voice of
sufficient depth and compass to be heard, like a
trumpet in battle, from one extremity of our lines
to the other, rousing the sluggard, nerving the
timid, pushing on the brave to deeds of noble dar-
ing. I desired it to be, and I trusted it would be,N
a hand of sufficient strength, at once to strike
down the ranks of the enemy, but, within our own
lines, to " drag up drowned honor by the locks.5*
| But, sir, I have listened, I have watched in vain.
- I had hoped that <4 some older and better soldier"
, than myself would have waged this battle for tht
! right. "I have hoped in vain. Alas, sir, my voice
, is not lond, and my hand is not strong. And while
1 I well know that I am not by age. service, or posi-
i tion, entitled to take a prominent position, and es-
. pecially not authorized to speak for the great party
■ of which I am an humble member, and may, even
| for what I have said, be deemed by ^orne pre-
' sumptuous; nevertheless, a sens* of duty to my-
' self at least, and my own position, lias impo!l.°d
! me to seize this occasion to give a reason for
i the faith that is in me."
j I am aware, sir, that many, perhaps all, who are
] here, belonging to the same party as myself^ have
' been silent, because they consider the subject I
! have examined too small to furnish ari occasson
| for them. Sir, the other day, when, by a simple
{resolution, this body appropriated ^5,000 out of
| the contingent fund, for an object which at best
1 was questionable, and I raised my v« ice against
> it, as in my opinion, disregarding the Constitution
