1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1661
that the Administration itself—not that under
which he was appointed, but the succeeding Ad-
ministration—have approved his acts. His con-
duct has been satisfactory to them. He was ap-
pointed by the administration of the late lamented
General Taylor, and he continued to hold his ap-
pointment under the administration of Mr. Fill-
more. He received his orders as Commissioner
from the then Secretary of the Interior, Mr. Ew-
ing; and he has since received orders and his con-
firmation and justification, from the present Sec-
retary of the Interior, Mr. Stuart. Now, let me
say that this bespeaks for the individual at least
so much as this, that public opinion should be
suspended until the evidence is clear and decisive
that he has been guilty of dereliction of duty. I
do not ask that any portion of this corre-
spondence, or any portion of the communication
that is expected from the Department of the Inte-
rior should be suppressed.
I would most cheerfully give my vote for its
speedy publication, if it could be laid on the table
this moment, and thus enable us to see it and
know what it contains; but it is very voluminous,
and my only object in making the previous re-
marks on this subject was to call the attention of
the Senate to the fact, that inasmuch as it is im-
possible for the publication of this communication i
from the Department to be made this session, it !
would be better to withhold it until the Senator j
frem Texas, [Mr. Rusk,] together with the Sena-
tor from California, [Mr. Wellek,] and my- 1
self might have an opportunity of personally
examining the manuscript. If it goes into the
hands of the printer we shall see nothing more of
it for a long, long day; and 1 am desirous of see-
ing it, and of ascertaining whether this Commis- i
gioner, in whom I have the utmost faith as a man :
of integrity and talent, has been guilty of such a
dereliction from duty as should subject him to the
censure which has been indicted on him.
I shall be ready on the day designated , if the '
communication should in the interim come in from j
the Department, to go into an examination of the
question. I expect to be fully capable of vindi-
cating that officer; but if he cannot be sustained
by the record and by the facts, I shall unite with
my friend from Texas [Mr. Rusk] in pronouncing
his condemnation. I sustain him alone on his
merits, though I know that he has been the object
of great vituperation and abuse. It was the worst-
formed commission that ever departed from a
country with any object in view that lies within
the object of civilized men.
Sir, when this matter again comes up for dis-
cussion, I shall be obliged to say things that I
shall exceedingly regret. Gentlemen who havemade
these charges must expect that there will be a re-
action. I know not one of them. None of them
has ever come within the range of my vision.
I certainly have not the honor of their acquaint-
ance; but when this investigation is made, mark
me! there will be a reaction on the heads of those
■who have made these charges against this Com-
missioner, that shall consign them to the deepest
infamy to which men can be consigned.
I have done now for the present. I think the
suggestion made by my friend from Texas should
be agreed to. I desire no delay in the publication
of these documents; but if they cannot be pub-
lished at an early day, I desire that he and I
should have an opportunity of examining the
manuscript, so that when the day arrives for the
further discussion of this question, we shall be
able to go into it fairly and impartially.
Mr. RUSK. I have nothing to say against the
Commissioner personally. I trust he will be able
to defend himself; but I do not mean, if I can help
it, to lose the land. The territory, as far down
as El Paso, by the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo,
belongs to the United States. I propose, when-
ever we can get at the subject, to^ show that so
plainly, that he who runs may read. There can
be no sort of excuse for departing from the map
of Disturndl, and giving away some five or six
thousand square miles. I do not know who is to
blame m the matter, nor do I care—whether the
Commissioner or the Secretary of the Interior; but
that is the point to which I wish to direct my in-
quiries—I mean in relation to the territory. It is
not for the purpose of making any lodgment in
the public mind for or against any particular om-
cer. There have been some officers with whom I
hare had correspondence, who 1 think the Senator
from Rhode Island will find great difficulty in con-
signing to that place to which he would consign
every person who comes into collision with the
Commissioner.
Mr. CLARKE. The Senator from Texas mis-
takes me; I made use of no such expression.
Mr. RUSK. I certainly so understood the hon-
orable Senator.
Mr. CLARKE. I did not mean to be so un-
derstood at any rate.
Mr. RUSK. 1 am glad to hear it. The sur-
veyor attached to the commission protested against
a departure from the treaty in the establishment of
the initial point, and was dismissed. An officer of
the Army, of very high standing, (Colonel Gra-
ham,) who made an enviable reputation on a far
more difficult boundary than this, has also been su-
perseded. If, when the papers come in, it shall
appear they were superseded because they would
not agree to the new line, they shall find a de-
fender in me to the extent of my ability.
I desire to say that I have no enmity against
any one—none at all. I shall not pursue the in-
vestigation with any view of finding anything
against any one, but simply with the desire to sus-
tain the provisions of the treaty of Guadalupe
Hidalgo, and to avoid surrendering that territory
to Mexico which properly belongs to us, which
is ours by right, and which we should not surren-
der.
The question was then taken on the motion to
postpone the further consideration of the resolu-
tion till Thursday, the 15th instant, and it was de-
cided in the affirmative.
1. M. GOLDSBOROUGH.
Mr. GWIN. I move to postpone the prior
orders, for the purpose of taking up Senate bill
No. 274. It is a bill forthe relief of L. M. Golds-
borough, G. J". Van Brunt, and S. F. Blunt.
Mr. DAVIS. I would inquire how much is the
pay of a commander ?
Mr. GWIN. The pay of a commander, in-
cluding all expenses, is $2,500.
Mr. PRATT. This bill gives them $5,000.
Mr. GWIN. I will state that these gentlemen
were engaged in this service at a time when the
expenses of living in that country were greater
than they have been at any other time. It wjll be
recollected that, the pay of the appraiser of cus-
toms in California, is by law $6,000; and that the
pay of a naval officer is $8,000, and of a surveyor,
$7,000. These officers were engaged in a very
important service, and I am perfectly confident
that they will not, with the proposed compensa-
tion, more than meet the expenses incurred by
them. I have a knowledge of the facts in this
case, and I think the bill ought to be passed.
Mr. BORLAND. I would inquire if this bill
proposes to give any addition to pay to which they
are lawfully entitled, or whether it is to repay ex-
penses incurred while in the performance of duty ?
Mr. GWIN. It is to reimburse them for ex-
penses incurred over and above the pay they re-
ceived. One of them, as I know, has been much
embarrassed in consequence of that expense.
Mr. BORLAND. I would inquire if that is
not the case with regard to some Army officers
who were appointed with the same Navy of-
ficers? If so, wotfld it not be proper to include
, them also ?
Mr. GWIN. There are general propositions to
i pay for all the expenses, 'i'he officers of the Army
in California have been provided for by a former
bill; but these officers were employed for a specific
duty, commencing on a particular day and ending
at a particular time. It is a special case, not pro-
vided for by the general law. The Naval Com-
mittee has reported a bill for meeting the expenses
of the officers of the Navy as those of officers of
The motion was agreed to, and the bill was j! the Army have been met heretofore.
read a second time, and considered by the Senate as
in Committee of the Whole. It provides that the
proper accounting officers of the Treasury De-
partment be authorized and required to allow and
pay to L. M. Goldsborough, G. J. Van Brunt,
and S. F. Blunt, for expenses incurred by them,
respectively, while serving upon a joint commission
of Army and Navy officers in California and Ore-
gon, during the years 1849 and 1850, double the
pay of a commander in the Navy, in sea service,
during the exact time of their employment on said
coasts as aforesaid, to wit: from the first of April,
1849, to the 27th of November, 1850, deducting
therefrom the regular pay accruing to said officers
during that period.
Mr. GWIN. I ask for the reading of the report.
Mr. BORLAND. By giving double pay?
Mr. GWIN. Yes, sir, by doubling the pay.
! Mr. DAVIS. It seems to me to be reasonable
I that some provision should be made for the officers
' of the Army, sufficient to meet the difficulty here
1 suggested* The only difficulty I have in this spe-
i cial legislation is, that there are a great many per-
| sons in precisely the same predicament. These
; gentlemen now say that they performed services
I on the land. So does every officer of the Army;
| but I do not know that they are subject to larger
' expenses on that account than others who are in
! the service of the country generally. The only
| difficulty that I have in this case is, that I do not
1 see#exactiy the principle on which this allowance
xvxx. ^ —   is proposed to be made. These gentlemen, in the
The report of the Committee on Naval Affairs !| performance of their duty, have incurred certain
was accordingly read, from which it appeared that ; expenses. I have no objection to indemnify
in November, 1848, the memorialists were ordered lj them, if I can see that that is met and that there
by the Navy Department to proceed to California, || is nothing else coming. If we were to establish a
rule which we could apply to other applicants,
and carry it out, I should not be indisposed to
support this bill; but the doubling of the pay does
not seem to me to constitute a rule by which to
treat parties when they come here. It may, ill
this case, be just, but the simple fact of doubling
the pay does not show it. I daresay the commit-
tee have some fact to show that they were dealing
equitably with those gentlemen, and I should be
glad to do the same thing.
Mr. GWIN. These gentlemen were employed
as the naval members of a joint commission of j
Army and Wavy officers, instituted by the author-
ity of the President of the United States, to ex- j
plore the countries of California and Oregon, and
report upon certain military, naval, and other sub- \
jects connected therewith; that, as well in traveling j
to, as on reaching, the scenes of their labors, and ]
during the whole period they were employed on j
this service, being about two years, they found to
exist the most extraordinary condition of things,
especially in relation to the prices of labor, and of . _
all kinds of articles of common and absolute lie- :l m a special service, and therefore a special bill
cessity that they were not attached to any vessel i was reported. The Committee on Naval Affairs
of the Navy while engaged in their duties in Cal- j have reported a general bill to meet the expenses
iforuia and Oreo-011, and that, although they were ;; of officers engaged in service on that coast. A
conveyed from place to place by a Government |l similar bill was passed granting two years extra
propeller, yet their duties were on shore, and re- !| pay to officers m the Army m California, which
quired them to be there—at one period for several !j expired on the 3d of March last, and I have re-
months uninterruptedly. Thememorialists further ceived a letter from the commander on the Pacific
represent, that in consequence of the peculiar cir- j| coast, stating that soldiers are deserting since the
cumstances referred to, their ordinary pay was ij pay has been lessened. This bill has reference to
wholly inadequate for their support, and beyond J officers engaged in a specific duty. They were
:i that pay no allowance whatever, for extra ex- ordeied to California m lb4b, and to Oregon, to
penses of any sort, has ever been made to them, , select sites for navy-yards and fortifications. I tie
i or can be made without the authority of Congress. 1 memorial of these gentlemen was sent to the torn-
i The committee report that they are satisfied of I, mittee 011 Naval Affairs, and we provided for
1 the correctness of the statements made bv the me- ! them, as has been done m other cases; but this
:| morialists, and that their pay was insufficient to ^ being a specific duty, commencing on a certain
;; enable them to meet the additional expenses they day and closing on a certain day, it was brought
' were necessarily compelled to incur during the dis- li forward in its present shape.   .
charge of their official duties, and they believe that i i Mr. PRAT X. I would mquu e of the ^emtoT
the relief asked for in their case is not only just |j from California whether the general bill to be m-
and proper, but sanotioned by precedent. || troduced by the Committee on Naval Affairs dou-
