1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
149
and the usual forms of law, I was told it was too
small a matter to raise objections on. Sir, on that
occasion, as upon this, 1 contended for a.principle
which is of the same character and force and ob-
ligation. whether it be involved in the appropria-
tion of §5,000 or £5,000,000, or every dollar in the
Treasury.
And now, Mr. President, in view of all I have
said, I have some questions to ask, and I trust I
shall not be deemed too presumptuous in asking
them. I do not put them to our Whig friends. I
know they are immovable, by anything I can say,
on such a subject. But I putthemtotheDemocruts.
That the evil tendency I have described is in
operation and actively at work, there is no doubt,
and just as little that its means are accumulating,
and its power augmenting every day.
What, then, I ask, is the position, the duty,
and the responsibility of the Democratic party
before the country ? The people of the country
have already asked these questions, and in thetr
own minds, doubtless, have determined what the
answers should be. In my opinion, it is high tinflT
that we, too, were addressing ourselves to4the
business of answering them—not in words merMP,
but in action. We have pledged ourselves to thrai,
upon certain doctrines, and they have sent us here
as the exponents of their principles, and the guar-
dians of their resulting rights and interests. It is
by a course of action, therefore, in practical legis-
lation that we are to redeem our pledge and justify
their confidence. 1 repeat the question—what is
the position of the Democratic party before the
country?—what are its duties and responsibili-
ties ?
A short timesince, there was before the country,
and occupying the minds of the people, a most
exciting subject; and out of that grew an issue—
in niy opinion, an illegitimate issue. The storms
of agitation which were raised upon that, have
now, in a greatmeasure, subsided-.leaving the time-
honored, ar.d trial-tested principles and doctrines
of Democracy alike unimpaired in their integri-
ty and strength, and strikingly triumphant in the
general policy of the country, as claimed by our
own party, as conceded (per force, doubtless) by
the Whigs, and admitted by all, in theory. I think
the present time, therefore, is peculiarly propiti-
ous for an effort, a united, and earnest, and vig-
orous effort on our part, to make the administra-
tion of the Government, in all its branches, con-
form in practice to what we hold to be the theory
of its principles. jNTot only is the time propitious
for such an effort, but, in my opinion, is filled to
repletion with those circumstances and considera-
tions which not only require it at our hands as a
duty, but will make its success both certain and
brilliant. This effort must consist in a grand rally
in opposition to the general evil tendency of the
Government, I have delineated—centralism; and di-
rected particularly against that prominent element
of it, now so actively in operation—the extravagant
expenditure of the public money. Upon the issue
thus to be raised, I doubt not we can unite not
only all Democrats, but, leaving politicians out of j
view, the masses of honest men of every party, i'
And what will, what must, be the result? I un- !
hesitatingly answer—an overwhelming majority, I
of couise, in our favoiWho can doubt it? j j
While the spoilsmen, of whatever sect or profes- [j
sion, although somewhat formidable in numbers, !|
activity, and concentration of forces, will stand ;
revealed, exposed, and powerless for harm. ||
Mr. President, not only are our principles in j;
the ascendant throughout the country, but we ii
have a decided and acknowledged majority in both | j
Houses of Congress. And yet, sir, what do our ;>
opponents tell us? What does the official organ j|
of this Whig Administration flout in our very ,i
faces? S'.r, they tell us that we are not true to |
our professions'; that, with' all our numerical
strength in the halls of Congress, we tremble in !;
our shoes, and dire not array ourselves against' >
the policy of the Whig Executive at the other end
of the avenue. We are taunted with what is ,
claimed to be a fact—that we are dependent upon !'
a Whig President and Cabinet for our policy—a ,
policy, too, that, in a time of profound peace, has '1
run the moneyed expenditures of this Government '
up to $52,000,000 a year! If we submit longer |
to this, how are wa Disced before the country?.
Will it not be an abandonment of the high ground ;;
we have heretofore occupied as a party ? Will it j,
not be tantamount to a confession that we have ,
not been governed by principle ourselves, and
have been unfair in charging want of principle
upon our opponents?
In view ot all this, I will ask any Democrat,
when he goes before the country in the contest
for which alt of us are so busily girding ourselves,
now what issue will he arraign his Whig oppo-
nent upon.' Upon what ground will he say we
must put the Whigs out of power—that the inter-
est of the country requires that they should no
longer hold the helm ? What will he say when
the Whig rises up and demands, "upon what
issue?" Oh, sir, this will be a posing question
to him who has to answer it for his party, unless
we, by our action here, give him a better answer
than I fear he can derive from our present attitude.
Sir, if we would fight the battle ourselves, or en-
able our friends to do it for us, we must no longer
sit quietly and humbly here, and slavishly legislate j
in obedience to estimate-deerees of the Whig Fed-
eral head at the other end of the avenue.
Mr. President, the theater upon which it is my
fortune to play my part at home, compared with
that of other (Senators, is limited in extent. My
State is sparsely populated. We have but four
electoral votes. Yet so strong is the sense of po-
litical responsibility that 1 feel, that I am as anx-
ious to place myself, as the representative of my
party at home, right upon the record, and stand
before my constituents upon the true Democratic
platform in p-actice as well as theory, as if we
gave four hundred votes instead ot four.
Sir, I repeat, that if we expect Democratic can-
didates for elector or any other position in tho
party to go fairly before the people and fight our
battles successfully, we must, not in profession,
but by our action here, give them ground to stand
on, and something to say. If we do not, we will
be beaten; and worse than that, we will deserve
to be beaten.
All the great political battles of the country,
from the foundation of our Government, have
been fought upon the same general issue that I
I now suggest. Talk about specific or other is-
sues as you may, they all resolve themselves into
this in the end. It is the fundamental issue of
them all. Why, for instance, did you oppose a
protective tariff? Was it not because, first, it op-
erated unequally upon different sections of the
country and different industrial pursuits, ..but
mainly because it was supposed to raise too
much revenue, which, engendering extravagant
expenditures, would corrupt the'Goveinment and h
all its dependencies by means of large patronage j!
which does not bless, but actually curses, those ;|
who give as well as those who receive? I have j!
never found a Democrat to dispute this with me.
Have T not a right, then, as a Democrat, to ask ,!
of you, as Democrats, to stand up in practice j'
to our professions ? The people will hold us to j1
this responsibility. Theieis only one way in li
which we can meet it properly and successfully. M
I think 1 have indicated that with sufficient clear- ••
ness. j
Air. SHIELDS. I would ask the honorable ''
Senator to give way for a moment. - |!
Mr. BORLAND. I will have done m a mo-
ment. Mr. President, when we find one of these !'
large appropriations, placing money uncondition-
ally at the disposal of a political opponent of a i'
majority of the two Houses of Congress, we find !
also a disposition to vote upon them without in-
vestigation. I do not say, that Senatois who are !i
advocating this course, have not investigated this !'
particular matter; but they ought to remember that '
if they have done so, tiieie raav be otheis who j1
have not. One of these 
Air. CLARKE. If the honorable Senator will j,
allow me one moment. 1 desiie to move to post- |j
pone the consideration of this subject until to-mor- j
row. It is one of very great importance. The!!
honorable Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Cass,] it ''
is weil known, was entitled to the floor to-day
upon another subject. The time is passing away,
and it will be almost impossible for him to occupy j1
it. The bill, upon which he proposes to speak, is
a great and important one, ar.d of very essential.;
consequence to many gentlemen in the Senate. !,
therefore, with the Senator's leave, will move to
postpone the farther consideration of this subject,
t desire to be heard upon it ns tlof-s the honorable
Senator from North Carolina. If the debate goes
on, the day will be consumed by it; and I therefore :
appeal to the Senate that it is due, in courtesy to :
| the Senator from Michigan, that the jMstponemeat
j should take place, in order to give him an oppor-
i tunity to speak to-day. We all roust know that
; this subject has been unexpectedly sprung- upon
| us at this time; I move, therefore, that its further
1 consideration be postponed until to-morrow,
j Mr. BORLAND. I will agree to what the
; Senator says; but permit me to say why. It is'
| known to the Senate that I did not" willingly en-
| gage in this discussion. I did not wish the reso-
| lution to be taken up for consideration to-day; but
j it was taken up and its immediate passage called
1 for. I was opposed to it; and I felt that if I did
] not make my opposition then, there would be
1 no opportunity for me to do so. I was unwil-
' ling thai the vote should be taken, before I ex-
> pressed my views upon the subject. No one is
: more anxious to he8i the Senator from Michigan
! than I am; no one will listen to him with more
j pleasure; no one feels a greater desire for the pas-
sage of the bill be proposes to advocate. ! will
have accomplished the object which I have in view
by agreeing with the Senator from Rhode Island in
having this postponed. It is what I desired at
first; I, therefore, am accommodated now.
Mr. MANGfUM. I am not disposed to inter-
pose any obstacle to hearing the Senator from
Michigan. Will the Chair be so obliging as to
inform me what was the motion pending before
the-last one was made?
The PRESIDENT. There was no motion.
The question under consideration was as to con-
curring with the amendment of the House of Rep-
resentatives to the joint resolution. The motion
is now made to postpone the further considera-
tion of the subject until to-morrow.
Mr. MANGUM. The question upon which
the Senator from Michigan desires to speak is the
Iowa land bill ?
The PRESIDENT. Yes, sir; and it is the
special order.
Mr. MANGUM. I had very much hoped that
that bill would have been brought to a conclusion
to-morrow. J am rather unwilling to occupy the '
time of the Senate on the subject now before us,
but so many remarks have been made, by the
Senator from Arkansas, not immediately rele-
vant—immediately, I say—to the question, that I
feel inclined to offer p. very few remarks myself.
Mr. CASS. I will observe that, as to my going
on to-day, it is a matter of perfect indifference to
me. What little I have to say, I nan say in a very
shoittime. I am prepared to do as the Senate
pleases.
Mr. MANGUM. I hope we will have a vote
to-morrow on the Iowa bill. I will sit until twelve
o'clock at night to get a vote, and it is the onlv
way you can get it.
The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator from
North Carolina understand that the motion is to
postpone the joint resolution now before the Sen-
ate, until ro-morrow*
Mr. MANGUM. Yes, sir; i understand that
is the question.
Mr. ATCHISON. I understood the Senator
from Arkansas to give way for the purpose of per-
mitting the motion to be made to postpone. If
the debate goes on, he is entitled to the iioor still.
Mr. MANGUM. The Senator from Arkansas
yielded the floor.
Mr. BORLAND. I yielded it only to have that
motion made.
Mr. SHIELDS. I hope the joint resolution
will be postponed until to-morrow. When 1 made
the motion to take it up, I had no idea that it
svould occupy fifteen minutes. I ceiutmly should
not have made that motion, if I had thought it
would occupy the time it is likely to occupy. I
wish it now by all means to give way to the Sen-
ator from Michigan, and i ask my friend fiom
North Carolina to give wf y for that purpose.
Mr. MANGUM. I will interpose no obstacle
to hearing the Senator from Michigan.
Mr. BORLAND. It is true, m wos sta.leda
that I gave way to a motion tu postpone, and net
for any oilier purpose. I did it as en set of cour-
tesy, The nae^ion ia not postponed", and I un-
derstand that if one uho is spenking yields the
floor for a particular motion, ar.d th.it morion is
m'.t agreed *-*" , he goes on with the subject-matt* r
of his remarks, and continues the debate.
The PRESIDENT, Strictly speaking, that is
not the case.
Mr. MANGUM. I will repeat what I have
