750
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 15,
already stated, that I will interpose no obstacle to
hearing" the Senator from Michigan, and I will re-
sume my seat after making a single remark or two,
and touching a single point having no immediate
relevancy to the bill under consideration. I have
been greatly gratified to see a young,Goliath step
forth to endeavor to correct the -practice of this
Government. He is a member of the party which
has entire control over the legislation of this body,
and of the* other House. I hope, sir,- that the
lecture which he has given his associates will pro-
duce a good effect. I have believed, and I am
sure you have believed, for a long time that the
Government was far departing from its ancient
principles and practices. But the Senator's re-
marks were unfortunately misapplied to the Whig
head at the other end of the avenue. Has the alle-
gation or imputation been made that a cent has yet
been expended which was not authorized and di-
rected by an appropriation ? I have heard no such
allegation—none such can be made. I hope that
the Senator and his associa'es on his side of the
Chamber will endeavor to see the Government re-
stricted to economy, and retracted in its expenses
to his favorite Jeflersonian standard. I desire to
see it. Why, sir, within my time—and I am yet
a young man, as well as you, Mr. President,
[laughter]—one Administration was put out of
power for the immense and monstrous expendi-
ture of $13,000,000 a year. Under its successors
the expenditures amounted to $39,000,000 or
$40,000,000, and they have now run up to
$50,000,000. Whose fault is it? If we had a
General Jackson here, who could control his
troops, he would, in some degree, be responsible;
but the case is different when we have a President
whose political friends are in a minority in both
branches of the Legislature. I hope my friend
from Arkansas will bring to his assistance a suffi-
cient number of the Democratic party to retract
the Government to its ancient and economical
practices. I have seen, or suspect I have seen, in
tiie course of my service here, a little difference
• between profession and practice. Economy is a
beautiful thing to be professed; it is a toy that
tickles the ear of the farmer and the thrifty citi-
zen in the country, who has a few pennies in his
pocket, which he desires to keep from the grasp
of rapacious office and job-seekers; they are not
to be taken and paid for the "bread of those who
will not earn it. But let us see a little of the prac-
tice. I hope the honorable Senator will bring up
his troops. He is a young commander, but has
had experience 
Mr. ATCHISON. I call the honorable Sena-
tor from North Carolina to order, in the first place,
because he is making a speech, when the Senator
from Arkansas has the floor, and in the second
place, because he has no right to advise the De-
mocracy. [Laughter.]
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from North
Carolina [Mr. Mangum] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. MANCrUM. I will not attempt to do so
absurd and useless a thing as to advise the great
and wise and economical Democracy. I think that
they will not learn wisdom from advice, proceed-
ing from such a quarter; yet it might not be wholly
thrown away if they were to hear it and act upon
it. I admit that, under the Democratic rule, the
Government has run up to a degree of expendi-
ture unexampled in the history of the country. I
am glad to see one stern, gallant, and intrepid
man—though comparatively a young member—
step forward and lecture his seniors. I hope they
will profit by it. I hope the Treasury of the Uni-
ted States will profit by it. I hope the people of
the country will profit by it. Sir, I have wit-
nessed a great deal of this profession. I have re-
cently heard of an eminent gentleman, who has
my highest respect, a gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, saying that the Government ought to be
brought back to the old JefTersonian days. But
when Ilooked at him mounted in his saddle, with
his spurs on, ready to run the next presidential
race, I thought that extravagance and spoils would
distance him. I admit that the whole system is
tending to corruption, and I fear it is ultimately
to uproot the institutions of the country from its
ancient principles. Extravagance can beat Econ-
omy any day in a public race. The spoils, the
$50,000,000 that are to go into the pockets of the
office-seekers—seekers of jobs and all the et cetera
—afford the means by which the public money can
be taken from the public purse and be put into in-
dividual purses. Sir, you and J, though yet young
men, have lived long enough to have witnessed an
every day state of things that pass here as a mat-
ter of course; things that are sustained by our
Democratic friends everywhere; things that are
now passed as a matter of course, which, thirty
years ago,-would not have received a second
thought in either branch of the Legislature.
I commend the example, and the advice of my
friend from Arkansas to his Democratic brethren.
I hope they will profit by his counsels. I hope
the country will be benefited by them. As far as
I can, in a very humble way,-I hope to put my
shoulders to the wheel and cordially cooperate with
him. I said I only wanted to express my gratifi-
cation at the remarks of the honorable Senator,
and to congratulate the Democracy that so gallant,
so stern, so intrepid a man has been found who
will come forward and lecture the evil-doers who
have been squandering the public means. I think,
though, the lecture was wrongly applied, as re-
gards the other end of the avenue. Any money
that is paid out, is paid out under the wai rant of law.
I suppose my friend would not have the Executive
do otherwise than that. Whatever may be said
of the present Executive, any assumption of doubt-
ful power, an v usurpation of power, anything that
exceeds the Constitution and statutes, cannot be
imputed to him, successfully at least. A more
abiding and subservient Administration to the
laws and Constitution, this country has not pro-
duced since the days of Washington. But I am
not going into that now; I have no feeling for it
now. But I will ask the Senate to indulge me,
on a future occasion, to review a few of the very
excellent propositions which have been thrown
out by the Senator from Arkansas, and let us
compare notes, running back thirty or forty years.
It may be useful: for really we seem to have for-
gotten, in the possession of power, as the Demo-
cratic party is, in both branches of Congress, the
point for which we set out. We know not where
we are. We are upon the broad sea, under Dem-
ocratic gales, which are blowing us whether upon
rocks or quick-sands, 1 know not. Sir, I hardly
think that those Democratic gales will bring the
party into port on the next trial. I think we have a
horse in training, which, if we put him in a good
condition and have him well mounted, without too
many officious grooms, will not only beat in the
next presidential sweepstake any that may be
brought to the post against him, but throw his
competitor far behind even the distance flag. I
give way that the honorable Senator from Michi-
gan may proceed with his speech. I shall vote
for the postponement of this subject. I hope the
Senate will indulge me on some convenient occa-
sion to review, at more length, the excellent speech,
and still more excellent doctrines, of the Senator
from Arkansas.
Mr. BORLAND. I wish to say one word, lest
the remarks of the Senator from North Carolina,
kindly intended, I have no doubt 
Mr. MANGUM. They were. I have great
respect for the Senator.
Mr. BORLAND. —should place me in a false
position l^lfore the country and before my party.
He has represented me here as a Goliath. I had
rather, on this occasion, and on any other occa-
sion, occupy, as far as my humble ability would
permit me, the position of David, who was a very
small individual, and very feeble in himself, but
in whose hands, when inspired with truth, and
in a just cause, with his simple instrument of a
sling, the pebble of truth was successful m strik-
ing the Goliath of the enemy. I did not rise for
the purpose of lecturing the party to which I be-
long:. My position in the country is too humble,
and T am too young a Senator, to undertake to
stand up here and assume the position of a leader
or lecturer of my party. I am an humble soldier
in the ranks. I simply rose to speak of the mo-
tives and considerations which govern me, and to
express, not so much for Senators as for my con-
stituents—for I believe we all speak somewhat for
Buncombe—the ground upon which I stood, and
to show them that not only had I made these
pledges, and fought the battle with them at home
upon these principles, but that 1 have felt, as their
representative, it my duty to fight the battle upon
this more elevated and more extended field.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
RAILROADS IN IOWA.
The Senate resumed, in Committee of the
Whole, .the consideration of the bill granting the
right of way and making a grant of land to the
State of Iowa to aid in the construction of certain
railroads in said State, the pending question being
on the amendment of Mr. Underwood.
Mr. CASS rose and addressed the Senate for
near an hour in favor of the bill, and was followed,
by Mr. DOWNS on the same side.
Mr. BRODHEAD addressed the Senate against
the bill.
{These speeches will be found in the Appen-
dix.]
After Mr. Brodhead concluded,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, March 15, 1852.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Rev. Littleton P. Morgan.
The Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
Thd SPEAKER. The first business in order is
the tfall of the States for petitions.
W ADDITIONAL PAGES.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to offer the following
resolution.
It was read for information, as follows:
Resolved, That the Doorkeeper of the House be author-
ized, with the consent of the Speaker, to appoint three ad-
ditional pages on the floor of the House.
There was no objection, and the resolution was
introduced.
Mr. JOHNSON. I will state, with regard to
this resolution, as it is one introduced by myself,
that I have offered it for the purpose of facilitating
the business of the House, and for the convenience
of the members. There are but twelve pages on
the floor of the House, under the existing resolu-
tion; yet that number has to wait upon the two
hundred and thirty-seven members and delegates
in this House. To judge of this matter, on the
grounds of necessity and economy, as we may
do in some measure by reference to the state of
things in the other branch of Congress, I will
state that that body have eleven pages to wait upon
only sixty-two gentlemen. Now, if we were to
have upon that basis a number in proportion to
the number of gentlemen upon whom they have
to wait, we should have forty-two pages upon this
floor instead of twelve. I ask now whether, un-
der this state of facts, it is unreasonable that this
House should have fifteen pages? It is the expe-
rience, at least, of those occupying the back scats,
if not those upon the front seats, that they have
very often to wait a quarter of an hour before they
can get a page to attend upon them, upon matters
connected with the public business. It is very
often even found necessary to send upon the busi-
ness of the members one of the door-keepers who
is placed to guard the entrance of this Hall. Un-
der these circumstances, I believe that the resolu-
tion, increasing the numberfrom twelve to fifteen,
ought to be passed. I call the previous question
upon the passage of the resolution, and upon that
motion demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. King, of
New York, and Clingman were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 78, noes 28; no quorum voting.
Several Members. Call the roll!
The SPEAKER. There is no rule by which
the roll can be called in the House.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to present certain resolutions
from the Legislature of the State of Pennsylvania.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I should like
to know what disposition has been made of the
resolution.
The SPEAKER,. There can be no business
transacted until it is ascertained that there is a
quorum present.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to lay the
resolution on the table, and upon that motion I
call the yeas and nays.
Mr. JOHNSON. I would like to know how
the gentleman from Tennessee can make that
motion ?
The SPEAKER. Accordingto the regular or-
der of proceeding, it must first be ascertained
whether there is a quorum.
[Cries of " Recount!" " Recount!"]
