1062
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 6,
bles the pay, prospectively, of officers engaged on
the Pacific coast?
Mr. GWW. It does, for a specified time.
Mr. PRATT. As I understand the Senator, it
doubles the pay of officers who may go there in
future ?
Mr. OWIN. Yes.
Mr. PRATT. Then I shall vote for this bill
with great pleasure. I do not think there is any
reasonable ground of objection in the idea started,
that this iaa special bill, because these gentlemen
have gone to California, and performed specific
services, for which they should be compensated.
This is only a case of special legislation to provide
for a special service; and, as such, I shall vote for
it.
Mr. SHIELDS. 1 am just come in from a
meeting of the Committee on Military Affairs, and
learn that the bill now before the Senate is for the
relief of L. M. Goldsborough and others. I have
received a letter from some officers of the Army,
who,as I understand, were engaged on the same
business with these gentlemen; and I presume
that they are, therefore, entitled to this compensa-
tion. lam not acquainted with the facts of the
case, but merely take the statement presented by
these officers.
I see that this bill was reported by the Senator
from California, [Mr. Gwiw,] who, I daresay, is
better acquainted with the facts than I am, and, I
presume, will have no objection to include these
officers of the Army in the measure of relief. I
merely want to put them all on the same footing.
1 haye no objection to the bill as it is, but would
ask to amend it by adding the following' section:
And be it further enacted, That each of the lluee Army
officers, J. L. Smith, C. A. Ogden, aini [>. Leadbetter, of
the Corps of Engineer^, wiio were associated with tile feaid
Navy ofiioera in the joint duty aforesaid, be allowed by
law, and paid, as aforesaid, commutation of fare and quar-
ters from tlie.lstof April, 1849, to the 27th of November,
1850, equal in amount to the allowance authorized to a
major of the Army, on duty at San Francisco during that
time—deducting therefrom the commutation to which they
would have been entitled, respectively, at their posts in
the Atlantic States.
Mr. GWIN. It is perfectly right that that
amendment should be adopted. The subject was
referred to the Naval Committee, and I know that
these officers should be provided for in the manner
which is proposed.
Mr. BORLAND. The proposed amendment
meets the "case which I suggested just now. I
was aware of the claim of these officers, and of
the amount to which they deemed themselves en-
titled,and I desired that they might be provided
for in the same manner as those for which the bill
provides.
The amendment was then agreed to.
The bill was then reported to the Senate as
amended, and ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading-.
RICHARD FITZPATIUCK.
Mr. MALLORY. I move to postpone all prior
orders, with the view of taking up Senate hill No.
431, which is a biii for the relief of Richard Fitz-
patrick. It is a very meritorious case, and will
not involve any discussion.
The motion to postpone the prior orders was
agreed to; and the bill was readasccond time, and
considered by the Senate as in Committee of
the Whole. It provides that the proper account-
ing officers of the Treasury be authorised and re-
quired to settle and adjust the claim of Richard
Fitzpatrick, for the use and occupation of his land
on the Miami and New rivers, in Florida, during
the Seminole hostilities, as a military post, by
order of officers of the United Slates, and for wood
cut on said lands for the use of the military or
naval forces, and for any other property taken and
used by order of officers in command at those
places for public purposes or defense, and that the
amount so found due, upon competent evidence,
be paid out of any unappropriated money in the
Trea^u ry .*1 nit thatnothingcontainedm the bill shall
be construed to authorize payment for property
destroyed by the Indians.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
STATE UNIVERSITY OP INDIANA.
Mr. BRIGHT. 1 ask the consent of the Sen-
ate to postpone the prior orders, for the purpose of
taking up House bill No. 239, which is " An act
«to supply a deficiency to the State of Indiana, in
' a township of land granted to said State for the
' use of a State university, by an act of Congress
' approved 19th of April, 1816."
The motion was agreed to, and the bill was
considered by the Senate as in'Committee of the
Whole. It provides that there be supplied to the
State of Indiana for the sole and exclusive use of
the State university, an equal number of acres of
land found to be deficient in the original grant,
and which has been otherwise appropriated by
Congress, amounting to four thousand one hun-
dred and sixty-six acres; and that said lands be
selected under the direction of the Governor of the
State from any lands now in market in said State
belonging to the United States, the proceeds of
which shall be appropriated solely to the use of
said State university, and shall never be diverted
to any other purpose whate-ser.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, and was
read a third time and passed
GNADENHUTTEN.
Mr. CHASE. There is a bill from the House
of Representatives, which I desire the indulgence
of the Senate to take up. It relates to a matter of
j considerable importance to the town concerned,
and of very little consequence to the country, h
is " An act in relation to a certain lot of land in
the town of Gnadenhutten, in the State of Ohio."
The whole object of the bill is tu allow the town
to appropriate forotherpubbepurposesa squareof
ground, originally appropriated as a market square.
It having become unimportant for that purpose, it
j is desirable that it may be appropriated to some
I other use.
| The motion to take up the bill was agreed to;
j and the Senate proceeded to its consideration, as
jm Committee of the Whole, it provides, that the
| lot of land, in llie town of Gnadenhutten, in the
j county of Tuscarawas, in the State of Ohio, here-
tofore leserved, undet the act entitled " An act
\ providing for the disposition of three several tracts
! ofland in Tuscarawas county, in theStateof Ohio,
i and for other purposes,"approved May 96,1824,
for the purpose of a market square, may be used
for any other public purpose, upon such terms as
shall be prescribed by the Secretary of the Interior,
in order to secure the rights of all parties .inter-
ested therein.
The bill was then repotted to the Senate, and
read a third time and passed.
MARY A, DAVIS.
On motion by Mr. BRODREAD,the Senate
took up a bill for the relief of Mrs. Mary A. Davis.
The bill was read a second time, and referred to
the Committee on Claims.
And then, on motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Trrsv, July fi, 1852.
The House met at twelve o'clock, ni. Prayer
by the Rev. L. F. Morgaw
"The Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
RIGHT OF WAV TO RAIL AND PLANK ROADS.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the consideration of a bill reported from the
Committee on Public Lauds granting the rignt of
way to rail and plank roads passing through public
lands.
Mr. COBB. My object in proposing, a week
ago, to postpone the consideration of this bill until
to-day, was to have it primed so that every mem-
ber might have it before him. I understand that
the bill has not been printed, or at any rate it
has not been received. If it be the pleasure of the
House, I will move to postpone us consideration
one week longer.
[Cries of '• Agreed " Agreed !"J
The question* was put, and the motion was
agreed to.
HOUR OF MEETING.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask the consent of the
House to offer the resolution which I send to the
Clerk's table.
The resolution was read for information, as fol-
lows:
Resolved, That until otherwise ordered, toe daily hour
of meeting of the House shall be eleven o'clock, a. rn.
No objection being made, the resolution was
introduced and adopted.
INDIANA CENTRAL RAILROAD.
Mr. HENDRICKS, by unanimous consent,
introduced " A bill for the relief of the Indiana
Central Railroad Company;" which was read a
first and second time by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Roads and Canals.
PER DIEM AND MILEAGE TO H. B.WRIGHT.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I move the adoption of
the resolution I send to the table. If therebe any
objection, I shall move to suspend the rules to in-
troduce it.
[Voices. " You can't do that!" " This is not
Monday !" "Yesterday was Monday, and fourth
of July !"1
Mr. RICHARDSON. I take back that notice,
then. [Laughter.]
The resolution was then read for information,
as follows:
Resolved, Thai the Clerk of this House pay out of the
contingent tund ot the House to Ilendrick B. Wright the
same compensation per diem and mileage that is allowed
to members of Congress, computing the per diem from the
j commencement of the present session of tlie present Con-
gress to the second day of July inclusive.
Mr. JOHN W. HOWE. I object to its intro-
duction.
Mr. STEPHEN'S, of Georgia. I hope the gen-
tleman will withdraw his objection to its intro-
duction, and let us take a vote of the House upon
it. It will ultimately be granted, and I think it
ou&'ht to be. I hope thegentlemati will withdraw
his objection and let us act upon it now, and save
any further consumption of time upon it.
Mr. CHANDLER. I rise to say that I shall
propose an amendment to that resolution, includ-
ing a similar payment to Mr. Littell, the contest-
ant from the fourth district, and to Mr. Ingersoll,
contestant from the third district of Pennsylvania.
TheSPEA.KER. The resolution is objected
to, and it cannot be received.
DEFICIENCY BILL—CLOSE OF DEBATE.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to offer a resolution
proposing 10 terminate debate on the deficiency
bill, No. 207, at twelve o'clock to-morrow, so
that the House may consume the whole day
upon it.
The resolution was read for information, as fol-
lows:
Resolved, That all debate in the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union upon the hill of the Hmi*e No.
207, to supply deficiencies in the appropriation for the ser-
vice of the fiscal yeai ending the 30th of June, 1852,
cease at twelve o'clock on Wednesday, the 7th ot July,
if the committee shall not come sooner to a conclusion upon
the same, and the committee shall then proceed to vote
upon the amendments pending or offeied to the s<une, and
shall then report it to the House with such amendment* as
may be agreed to by the committee.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move the previous ques-
tion on the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope the gentleman wili
not insist upon his demand for the previous ques-
tion. There are important principles involved 'n
some of the amendments, and sev eral gemlen.en
wish to discuss them, and they can be diseased
legitimately.
The House was then divided on seconding the
demand foi the previous question, and there were
—ayes 67, noes not counted.
So the previous question received a second, and
the main question was ordered to be put.
The question was then taken, and the resolu-
tion was adopted.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move to reconsider ths
vote by which the resolution was adopted, and to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table; which
latter motion was agreed to.
GfRARD AND MOBILE RAILROAD.
The SPEAKER., The regular business is ths
consideration of "A bill to grant to the State of
' Alabama the right of way and a portion of the
' public lands, to aid in the construction of a rail-
'road from Clirard to the waters of the Mobile
' bay, in said State."
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I trust that ths
consideration of that business will not be insisted
upon, until I shall have had an opportunity to in-
troduce the resolution I send to the Speaker's
Mr. FOWLER. I call for tie regular order of
business.
Mr. ABERCKOMBtii. The bill before the
House this morning for consideration in order, I
trust may be passed.
