THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
xxix
War, to report upon the expediency of an addi-
tional canal around said falls, and the comparative
cost, advantages, and disadvantages of making
such additional canal on the Kentucky and Indi-
ana shores of said river, respectively; and also the
cost, advantages, and disadvantages of enlarging
and extending the present canal, so as to avoid
the locks at Sandy Island, retaining the present
locks in their present condition, five thousand
dollars.
For the repair of the sea-wall at Marblehead,
Massachusetts, live hundred dollars.
For a survey of the harbor of Georgetown,
South Carolina, three thousand dollars.
For a surveyofShrewsbury river, New Jersey,
fifteen hundred dollars.
For repairing the piers at Kennebunk, Maine,
seven thousand five hundred dollars.
For a breakwater at Ovvlshead harbor, or at
Rockland harbor, in Maine, as the Department of
War shall decide, fifteen thousand dollars.
For the further removal of obstructions and the
improvement of the harbor of Dubuque, Iowa, fif-
teen thousand dollars.
For repairing the piers in Great Sodus Bay,
New York, ten thousand dollars.
For improving Cape Fear river, at and below
Wilmington, North Carolina, twenty thousand
dollars.
For repairing the piers at Huron River harbor,
Ohio, ten thousand dollars.
For continuing and repairing the breakwater at
Burlington, Vermont, ten thousand dollars.
For repairing the piers at Conneaut, Ohio, ten
thousand dollars.
For repairing the piers and improving the har-
bor at New Castle, Delaware, fifteen thousand dol-
lars.
For the further improvement of the harbor at
Bridgeport, Connecticut, ten thousand dollars.
For the improvement of the river Saint John,
Florida, ten thousand dollars.
For the completion of the old line of survey, or
new line, as may be deemed expedient, for a ship
canalacross the peninsula of Florida, twenty thou-
sand dollars.
For a survey of the sand bars in Newark Bay,
New Jersey, two thousand dollars.
For building a levee across the mouth of the
river San Diego, in the State of California, to turn
it into its former channel, into False Bay, thirty
thousand dollars; to be expended under the direc-
tion of the Secretary of War.
For a survey of the harbor of Ogdensburg;
New York, with reference to its improvement,
three thousand dollars.
For constructing a steam-dredge, equipmentand
dirfchargmg-scows for Lake Champlam, and im-
proving the navigation thereof, twenty thousand
dollars.
For connecting the waters of the Indian river,
and Mosquito lagoon, at the Haulover, Florida,
five thousand dollars.
For the repairs, preservation, and contingencies
of the harbor works on the Atlantic coast, ten
thousand dollars.
For repairs and contingencies of harbors and
rivers, and to meet charges for transportation of
officers and for fuel and quarters, the payment of
which is no longer made by the Quartermaster's
Department, and for extra allowance to meet ex-
tra expenses, under the special direction of the
Secretary of War, ten thousand dollars.
For the improvement of the navigation of the
Tennessee river, fifty thousand dollars, in con-
formity with the estimates of the War Depart-
ment of the thirteenth July, eighteen hundred and
fifty-two; and for the improvement of the naviga-
tion of the Illinois river, the sum of thirty thou-
sand dollars.
For the improvement of the harbor and break-
water at Waukegan, Illinois, fifteen thousand dol-
lars. "
That the Secretary of War cause to be examined
and surveyed the rivers Savannah, from* the city
of Savannah, as high up as the city of Augusta,
the Ockmulgee up to Macon, and the Flint up to
Albany, and the Chattahoochee up to Columbus,
in the State of Georgia, and to report to Congress
the amount of money which may remove any ob-
structions to navigation, and that the sum of ten
thousand dollars be appropriated for that pur-
in the harbor of St. Augustine, Florida, with earth,
three thousand dollars.
Approves), August 30,1852.
t Public, L1X.—An Act making Appropriations for
the transportation qf the, Un ited States Mail by Ocean
Steamers and otherwise, during the fiscal year ending
the thirtieth of June, one thousand eight hundred
and fifty-three.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the following sums be, and the
same are hereby, appropriated, to be paid out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, for the year ending the thirtieth of June,
one thousand eight hundred and fifty-three:
For transportation of the mails from New York
to Liverpool and back, eight hundred and fifty-
eight thousand dollars.
For transportation of the mails from New York
i to New Orleans, Charleston, Savannah, Havana,
and Chagres, and back, two hundred and ninety
thousand dollars.
For transportation of the mails from Panama to
California and Oregon, and back, three hundred
and forty-eight thousand two hundred and fifty
dollars.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the fol-
! lowing sums be, and the same are hereby, appro-
priated for the service of the Post Office Depart-
ment, for the year ending the thirtieth June, one
thousand eight hundred and fifty-three, out of any
moneys in the Treasury arising from the revenues
of said Department, in conformity to the act of
the second of July, one thousand eight hundred
and thirty-six.
For transportation of the mails in two steam-
ships, from New York, by Southampton, to Bre-
men, and back, at one hundred thousand dollais
for each ship; and in two steamships from New
York, by Cowes, to Havre, and back, at seventy-
five thousand dollars for each ship, under the con-
tract with the Ocean Steam Navigation Company
of New York, in addition to an unexpended bal-
ance of former appropriations, two hundred and
ninety-four thousand dollars.
For transportation of the mails betweerrCharles-
ton and Havana, under the contract with M. C.
Mordecai, fifty thousand dollars.
For transportation of the mails across the Isth-
mus of Panama, one hundred thousand dollars.
Approved, August 30, 1852.
pose
For filling in behind the United States sea-wall
Public, LX.—An Act making Appropriations for
Light-Houses, Light-Boats, Buoys, S^c., and provid-
ing for the erection and establishment of the same,
and for other purposes.
Be it enacted htj the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the following appropriations be,
I and the same are hereby, made, ana directed to
be paid out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, to enable the Secretary
of the Treasury to carry the provisions of this act
into elTecl: Provided, however, If a good title to any
land which it may be necessary to use cannot be
obtained on reasonable terms, or the exclusive
right to such land cannot be acquired by cession,
when the interest of the United States demands
it, before the appropriation would by law fall into
the surplus fund, in any and all such cases the
appropriation shall be applicable to the objects for
which they are made at any time within two years
after the first meeting of the Legislature in any
State wherein such land may be situated subse-
quently to the passage of this act, to wit:
maine.
For a light-house on the Nubble, Cape Neddich,
York, five thousand dollars.
For a dumb beacon on Haddock's Ledge, in
Penobscot Bay, five hundred dollars.
For Jones's fog-bells to be placed at Cape Eliz-
abeth, Sequin, White-head, and West Quoddy-
head light-house, ten thousand dollars.
For the erection of a beacon on Logey's Led^e,
in Portsmouth harbor, in addition to an appropria-
tion of five hundred dollars by the act of Septem-
ber twenty-eighth, eighteen hundred and fifty, five
hundred dollars.
For two spar buoys on the Eastern and West-
ern Sisters, at the entrance of Piscataqua river,
one hundred and sixty dollars.
For rebuilding the light-house and keeper's
house on Boon Islands, twenty-five thousand dol-
lars.
For-a beacon on Steel's Ledge, in Penobscot
Bay, one thousand dollars.
For a light-house at the easterly end of a thor-
oughfare between North Haven and Vinal Haven,
or on Herring Neck, as the Department shall deter-
mine, five thousand dollars.
For beacons, buoys, and spindles at points on
the Kennebeck river, five thousand dollars.
For Jones's fog-bell, to be placed near the light-
house at Petit Men an, two thousand five hundred
dollars.
For buoys to be placed on Old Man's Ledge at
the entrance of Penobscot Bay, five hundred dol-
lars.
For the erection of beacons on a reef of ledges
at the entrance of Camden harbor, one near Negro
Island, and one near Northeast Point; and for
placing buoys on other ledges in said harbor, one
thousand dollars.
For the erection of beacons or spindles and
placing of buoys on the ledges at the entrance of
Narraguagus harbor, one thousand dollars.
For the erection of a harbor light on a point of
land lying west of the entrance of Buck's harbor,
in Brooksville, three thousand five hundred dol-
lars.
For the erection of beacons, buoys, or spindles
between Owlshea'd and Whitehead light-houses,
and through Muscle Ridge channel, four thousand
dollars.
For the erection of four buoys at Goldsborough 9
at the following places: one on the southeast point
of Calf Island, one on the western point of the
Middle Ground, ofFStone Island, one on Half-tide
Ledge, and one on a sunken rock at the entrance
of Flanders Bay, two hundred dollars.
For repairing or reconstructing the stone beacon
on Buck Ledge, Penobscot river, five hundred
dollars.
NEW HAMPSHIRE.
Fora beacon on Willey's Ledge and a spar buoy
on Halfway Rock, in the harbor of Portsmouth,
eight hundred dollars.
MASSACHUSETTS.
For alight-boat near SucconessehShoal, north
channel Vineyard Sound, twelve thousand dol-
lars.
For three buoys in Holmes's Hole harbor, three
hundred dollars.
For the erection of a beacon and the repair of
beacons and for buoys in the harbor of Newbury-
porf, two thousand dollars.
For a beacon on Fawn Bar, near Deer Island, in
Boston harbor, in addition to the former appropri-
ation, one thousand dollars.
For two iron spindles on the Northeast Ledge
of the Graves and on Harding's Ledge, in Boston
harbor, in addition to the former appropriation,
six thousand dollars.
For a light-boat near Killpond Bar or a light-
house in the vicinity of it, as on examination may
be thought most expedient, twelve thousand dol-
lars.
For a spar buoy on Bibb Rock, near Wellfleet
harbor, seventy five dollars.
Fora buoy-boat on Great Rip, five hundred dol-
lars.
For a buoy-boat on Sand Shoal near north end
of Bass Rip, five hundred dollars. The above
buoys to be located under the direction of the
Superintendent of Coast Survey.
For a first class light-vessel to be moored on or
near the new South Shoal olf Nantueket, under
the direction of the Superintendent of the Coast
Survey, to be built under the direction of a compe-
tent naval architect, and fitted with a life-boat,
1 duplicate moorings and a fog-bell, the illumina-
ting apparatus to be of large size parabolic reflect-
1 ors and Argand lamps, to produce a light prop-
| erly distinguished, which shall be seen as far as
the elevation of the lanterns above the level of the
sea will permit, thirty thousand dollars.
For Jones's fog-bells at Baker's Island, at the
entrance of Salem harbor and at Race Point,
Cape Cod, five thousand dollars.
For a buoy to be placed on a rock in the Vine-
i yard Sound, near Point Gammon light-house, one
hundred and twenty dollars.
For a buoy to be placed over a sunken vessel,
at Succonesset Point, one hundred and twenty
dollars.
