•XXX
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Towards the erection of a light-house-of granite,
iron, or acombination of both, on the outer Minot
Ledge, at the entrance of Boston harbor, upon a
plan to be approved by the Topographical Bureau;
a contract! for the building thereof to' be made
with the-lowest responsible bidder who shall- give
sufficient, security for the faithful performance of
the same, and the work to be executed in strict
.conformity with the plan or plans'approved by
the Topographical Bureau, under the supervision
of such s person as* tlie Secretary of the Treasury
■may design&te; eighty thouSana- d-ollara,
1* or four spar buoys in the harbor 'of New Bed-
ford, three hundred'dollars'.
- For a light-vess.el ,• to be moored off Minot's
Ledge, until the proposed light-house on said ledge
be completed, sixteen thousand dollars. '
' ' RHODE ISLAND. ' ,
For an iron can-buoy to be placed' on . a rock
in the channel leading from Nar'ragan'set "Bay of
Nanaquacket Pond, two hundred and 'fifty dollars.
For a dolphin or buoy to be'placed on.the south
point of Groat Island, in the harbor'o^ Newport,
one hundred and' fifty dollars.
For the preservation of the light-house and dyke
wa(l at Goat Island, Newport harbor, three thou-
sand five hundred dollars.
> CONNECTICUT.
■For a light on the Long wharf, in the harbor of
New Haven, five hundred dollars;.
NEW YORK.
' For a light-house on Point Au' Roche, on the
west side of Lake Champlain, five thousand dol-
lars.
For six spar-buoys in Hudson river, between
Albany and Troy, four hundred and eighty dol-
lars.
- For a beacon light on Black Rock pier, six hun-
dred dollars.
To repair or rebuild the foundation of the light-
house on the break water at O.swego, five thousand
dollars. ' .
For Jones'?) fog-bells to be placed at the Sandy
Hook and Trogg's Neck light-houses, five thou-
sand dollars.
For a new light-sliip to take the place of that
now moored off Sandy Hook, twenty thousand
dollars.
For completing the light-house on Gardiner's
Island, in addition to the appropriation of six
thousand dollars by the act of March thiid, eigh-
teen hundred and fif'ty-one, one thousand dollars.
For eroding u beacon on the sand-spit in the
harbor of Sag llarbor, in addition to the appro-
priation of seven hundred dollars made by the act
of March thiid, eighteen hundred and fifty-one,
four hundred anVl fifty dollars.
For three buoys to mark the entrance ofStoney
Brook harbor, Long Island, three hundred dollars.
For the repair of the pier at the mouth of Gen-
esee river, aud the erection of a beacon lighton the
same, twenty-six hundred dollars.
For the erection of three small beacon lights on
the Hudson river; one at the south point of the
island enst of Baniii island, one at the north point
of the isiond oppositennd east of Coryman's Bar,
and one on the point of the island at the mouth of
Schodackchannel and oppositeMull Rocks, fifteen
hundred dollars.
For ten additional spar buoys in the Bay of
New York, five hundred dollars.
For a spindle or beacon to be placed on the ex-
treme eastern point of the north fork of Long
Island, three thousand dollars.
new jersey.
For a monument on Mill Reef, in the Kill Van
Kill passage, four thousand dollars.
For can-buoys to be placed m the inlet leading
in Little Egg harbor, one thousand dollars.
For a beacon to be placed on the shoal in New-
ark Bay,known as the" West Oyster bed, and bu^
lights on the Elbow Beacon and Set-off Point, arid
for replacing the fog-be!l at the Passnic light-
hoose, three thousand dollars.
MARYLAND.
For a fog-bell to be erected at the light-house
on Seven-foot Knoll, at the mouth of Patapsco
river, two thousand five hundred dollars.
For one buoy in New Inlet, Great Egg harbor,
and three buoys in Harford, two hundred dol-
lars'.
For six spar-buoys to be placed in Pocomoke
Sound and the entrance of Chesamissig harbor,
four hundred and eighty dollars.
For a beacon light to be placed at Fort Sollers,
on the Patapsco river, when said fort shall be so
far completed as to receive the same, fifteen hun-
dred dollars.
For a buoy to be placed over a1 wreck in Hoop-
er's Straits in Chesapeake Bay", eighty dollars.
For a bell to be placed on one of the light-boats
in Chesapeake.Bay, to Un designated by, the Secre-
tary of- the Tteasiijrjy, t^o hundred.dollars.- ■
; ■ " - MICHIGAN;' "•
" For buoys in Saginaw Bay and at the" mouth
of Saginaw rivet, six hundred dollars.
For a beacon light on Round Island,in Lake
Superior, near the entrance of the river St. Marie,
four thousand dollars. ■ ' ■ '
For the repairandthe removal of the light-house
and keeper's house at the mouth of Clinton river,
on Lake St'. Clair, five thousand dollars.
For a light-house at the mouth of South Black
River, five thousand dollars.
WISCONSIN.
• For spar buoys at the entrance of Neenah or
Fox river, five hundred dollars.
For a light-house atthenorthern outlet of Win-
nebago Lake, five thousand dollars.
For the removal of light-house at Milwaukee,
and rebuilding tie same, at and 011 the north point
of Milwaukee Bay, five thousand dollars.
OHIO.
For a light-house or range lights at or near the
head of Maumee Bay or the mouth of Maumee
river, five thousand dollars.
For buoys at the ledge between West Sister
Island and the entrance of Maumee Bay, three
hundred dollars.
For the repair of the light-house, pier, and pier-
head in the harbor of Huron, on which the light-
house is built, six thousand dollars.
For removing the light at Vermillion harbor,
and repairing the pier on which it is placed, three
1 thousand dollars.
j DELAWARE.
[ For six buoys to be placed in the Delaware
: Bay, from Mahon river to the upper point of the
! shoal known as'the Shears, four hundred and
1 eighty dollars. ' ■ -
' For the' construction of two ice-breakers, for
the protection of the light-house on the Brandy-
wine Shoal, in the Delaware Bay, three thousand
1 six hundred dollars.
j For marking Joe Fiogger Shoal, in the Dela-
I ware Bay, with first class nun-buoys and can-
' buoys, to be constructed and placed in their posi-
- tion under the direction of the Superintendent of
; the Coast Survey, three thousand dollars.
VIRGINIA.
For two spar-buoys at Chincotcague Inlet, one
hundred and sixty dollars.
| For two spar-buoys to be placed atMetompkin
j Inlet, one hundred and sixty dollars.
1 For a light-boat at PungQteague Creek, or a
light-house to be built on a point of land adjoining
: said creek, as shall be found most expedient on
i examination, ten thousand dollars.
! For the purchase of a site and the erection of a
light-house on Jones's Point, in the Potomac river,
near Alexandria, five thousand dollars.
For Jones's fog-bells to be placed at Assateague,
, Smith's Island, and Cape Henry light-houses,
seven thousand five hundred dollars.
For a beacon on White Shoal, James river, one
thousand dollars.
For beacon lights on Day's Point, on the Point
of Shoals, and on Jordan's Point, James river,
fifteen thousand dollars.
For a beacon light on the shore opposite Lyon's
Creek, five thousand dollars.
For a large buoy on the tail of the Horse-shoe
Shoal m Chesapeake Bay, five hundred dollars.
For two spar buoys to be placed at White
! Point and Elbow Point, in Mnshapingo Bay, one
hundred and sixty dollars
For two spar-buoys to be placed to buoy out
fOccahonnock Creek, one hundred and sixty dol-
lars.
! NORTH CAROLINA.
| For Jones's fog-bell to be placed near Bald
I Head light-house, at the entrance of Cape Fear
i river, two thousand six hundred dollars.
II For a harbor light-house 011 the eastern point of
Bonge banks, at the entrance of Beaufort harbor,
five thousand dollars.
For too buoys to be placed in the' month of
Alligator river, in Albermarle Sound, two hundred
dollars. >.
For a buoy to be placed on tlia, northeast end
of Falker's Shoal, in Croaton Sound, eighty dol-
lars.
For buo.ys t.o be placed in North river, in the
county of Currituck, one hundred dollars.
.Foe a. jirst class--light-boat to be moored on
Fryingpan Shoals, under the direction of the Su-
perintendent of the. Coast Survey, to be built 011
the most .approved plan and model, under the
direction of a competent naval architect, and fitted
with a life-boat, duplicate moorings and fog-bell,
the illuminating .apparatus to he -composed of large
sized parabolic reflectors and Argand lamps, to
producealight properly distinguished, thirty thou-
sand dollars.
For four large-buoys to mark the two channels
over Fryingpan Shoals, to be constructed and
•located under, the direction of the Superintendent
of the Coast Survey, one thousand six hundred
dollars.
For four second class buoys to mark the main
and Oak Island channels, leading into the Cape
Fear river, in addition to the buoys now author-
ized, to be constructed and located under the direc-
tion of the Superintendent of the Coast Survey,
one thousand dollars.
For six hollow iron buoys for the waters of
Cape Fear, one thousand three hundred and
twenty dollars.
SOUTH CAROLINA.
For a bell boat to be moored at Cape Roman
Shoal, three thousand five hundred dollars.
For a harbor light to be placed on the battery
in the harbor of Charleston, five hundred dollars.
For three iron buoys to be moored at the entrance
of the harbor of Georgetown, six hundred and
thirty dollars.
1 For two beacon or range lights on South Island
Point, and one beacon or range light on North
Island, to range with the main light at the entrance
of Georgetown harbor five thousand dollars.
ALABAMA.
For an iron floating bell-buoy, with heavy
moorings, and in every respect complete, for the
entrance of Mobile Bay, four thousand dollars.
For six large iron, can, Jand nun-boys, to be
properly distinguished and to be moored at points
off the west bank, the middle ground, and the
southwest point of the Spit, two thousand one
hundred dollars.
For a buoy on the northwest end of northwest
Pelican Shoal, two hundred dollars.
For four wooden beacons fitted with six order
Fresnel lenses or with a single twenty-one inch
j parabolic reflector each, .to be erected on Sand
j Island and Mobile Point, four thousand dollars.
Fora screw-pile beacon on Revenue Point, three
thousand dollars.
All of the above buoys and beacons to be loca-
ted under the direction of the Superintendent of the
I Coast Survey.
j MISSISSIPPI.
; For the erection of a light-house at or near the
] entrance of East Pascagoula river, instead of a
j former appropriation, five thousand dollars.
- For a light-house on the west end of Ship Isl-
and, being a renewal of a former appropriation
II for this purpose, twelve thousand dollars."
For nine buoys in Cat and Ship Island harbors,
to he located under the direction of the Superin-
tendent of the Coast Survey, eighteen hundred
dollars.
LOUISIANA.
For the examination and survey of Ship Shoal
and Raccoon Point, on the coast of Louisiana,
with reference to the location and direction of the
ligfit-house and the procuring a plan for the same,
three thousand dollars.
For three spar-buoys to mark the channel of a
harbor of refuse at Horn Island Pass, Mississip-
pi, to be placed by the CoastSurvey, two hundred
and forty dollars.
FLORIDA.
For four iron can and nun buoys, one to be
placed on the end of Sandbore, off Soldier Key,
and three to mark the channel through Boca
j Grande Passage, eight hundred and forty dollars.
For a first class light-house near Coffins' Patch es,
