THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
XXXI
off Dry Bjnk, half way between Oarysfort Reef j
and Sand Key light, to be constructed under the j
direction of the Topographical Bureau, and fitted ■
with the most approved illuminating apparatus, !
thirty-live thousand dollars. |
For a large buoy on Sea Horse Reef, two hun-!
dred and fifty dollars. i
For three hollow iron buoys to bemoored in the !
channel leading intoahaibor recently discoveied
on Florida Reef, about ten miles south of Cape
Florida, seven hundred dollars.
The above buoys to be located under the direc-
tion of the Coast Survey.
For a beacon on Rebecca Shoal, between Mar-
quesas and Dry Tortugas keys, ten thousand dol-
lars.
For securing the light-house at the mouth of St.
John river, Florida, ten thousand dollars,
TEXAS.
For a light-boat to be moored at Aransas Pass,
or a light-house as may be deemed most expedi-
ent upon further examination, and for channel
buoys m the said channel, and a buoy at Dollar
Point, in addition to the sum appropriated for a
light-house at said Point, two thousand live bun-
dled dollars.
For constructing three small or harbor light-
houses in Galveston .Cay, namely: one at Red Fish
Bar, one at Clopperss Bar, and one at Half Moon
Shoal, five thousand dollars in addition to the
amount (twenty thousand dollars) already appro-
priated for a light-house on Red Fish Bar.
CALIFORNIA.
For large buoys to be placed on Sunken rocks,
in the Bay of San Francisco, under the direction
of the Superintendent of the Coast Survey, one
thousand dollars.
For a beacon at Humboldt's harbor near North
Spit, to be located by the officers of the CoastSur-
vey, five thousand dollars.
For a light-house at the harbor La Pointe, on
•Lake Superior, live thousand dollars.
For the erection of a light-house at Santa Cruz,
California, thirty thousand dollars.
l^or the completion of light-houses in Califor-
nia and Oregon, one hundred and twenty thousand
dollars.
For light-boats and other means for rendering
assistance to direct mariners and others on the ;
coast of the United States, to be expended under j
the control and direction of the Secretary of the 1
Treasury, ten thousand dollars.
For testing the apparatus of Wilson and
Meaeham,for illuminating light-houses,one thou-
sand dollars, to be expended under the direction
of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Sec. 2. And be it farther enacted. That the Sec-
retary of the Treasury be, and hereby is, author-
ized to cause the light-house buildings and land
belonging thereto, at Otter Creek, in the State of
Michigan, to be sold, and on payment of the
consideration agreed for into the Treasury of the
United States, to make, execute, and deliver all ;
needful conveyances of the same, and the special
jurisdiction of the United States over the same shall .
thereafter cease. I
Src. 3. And he it further enacted, That the Sec- j
retary of the Treasury is hereby authorized and
directed to apply the money appropriated by the j
act of March third, eighteen hundred and fifty-one, i
for the erection of a light-house at Holmes's Hole ;
harbor, to the erection of three beacon or bug j
lights at said Holmes's Flole harbor, according to !
the recommendation in the report of the Superm- 1
tendent of the Coast Survey. j
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the sum ■
of thirty thousand dollars appropriated by the act
approved March third, eighteen hundred and fifty- |
one, "for the erection of a light-house on Flynn's !
Knoll," be, and the same is hereby, authorized to .
be applied to the erection of two range beacon |
lights, forGedny's channel to be placed near Point j
Comfort, in the Stateof New Jersey; and two range !
beacon lights for the Swash channel of the haibur :
of New York, to be placed on Staten Island near j
the Elm Tree bcacon, and to be constructed under ;
the direction of the Topographical Bureau, and ;
according to the recommendation of the Light- '
House Board and the Superintendent of the Coast
Survey; and for a large iron floating bell beacon,
ot be moored off Flynn's knoll under the direc- ,
tion of the Superintendent of the Coast Survey, j
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That if such j
159
person as the Secretary of the Treasury shall des-
ignate, shall report in any of the cases herein pro-
vided for, that preliminary surveys are necessary
to determine the site of a proposed light-house or
light-boat, beacon or buoy, or to ascertain more
fully what the public exigency demands, the Sec-
retary of the Treasury shall thereupon direct the
Superintendent of the survey of the coast of the
United States to peifoim such duty on the sea-
board, and the colonel of the Corps of Topographi-
cal Engineers to perform such duty on the north-
western lakes.
Sec. G. And he it further enacted, That the officers
so directed shall foithwith enter upon the dis-
charge of the duty, and after fully ascertaining
the facts shall report: First, whether the proposed
facility to navigation is the most suitable for the
exigency which exists. And second, where it
should be placed if the interest of commerce de-
mands it. Third, if the thing proposed be not
the most suitable, whether it is expedient to make
any other kind of improvement. Fourth, whether
the proposed light has any connection with other
lights, and if so whether it cannot be so located
as to subserve both the general and the local wants
of trade and navigation. And fifth, whether
there be any, and if any, what other facts of im-
portance touching the subject.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That all such
reports shall, as speedily as may be, belaid befoie
the Secretary of the Treasury, and if such as to
authorize the work without further legislation, he
shall forthwith proceed with it, otherwise such
reports shall be laid before Congress at the next
ensuing session; but in all cases where the person
designated by the Secretary of the Treasury does
report such preliminary examination's expedient,
the provision of this act shall without delay be
carried into execution.
Sec. 8. And be it farther enacted, That the Presi-
dent be, and he is hereby, authoiized and lequired
to appoint, immediately after the passage of this
act, two officers of the Navy, of high rank, one of-
ficer of the Corps of Engineers of the Army, one
officer of the Topographical Engineers ot the Army,
and two civilians of high scientific attainments,
whose services may be at the disposal of the
President, and an officer of the Navy and an of-
ficer of engineers of the Army as secretaries, who
shall constitute the Light-House Board of the Uni-
ted States, and shall have power to adopt such
lules and i emulations for the government of their
meetings as they may judge expedient; and the
board so constituted shall be attached to the of-
fice of the Secretary of the Treasury,and under his
superintendence shall discharge all the administra-
tive duties of said office relating to the construc-
tion, illumination, inspection, and superintendence
of light-houses, light-vessels, beacons, buoys, sea
marks, and their appendages, and embracing the
security of foundations of woiks already existing,
procuring, illuminating, and other apparatus, sup-
plies and materials of all kinds for building and
for rebuilding when necessary, and keeping in
good repair thehght-houses, light-vessels, beacons,
and buoys of the United States.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That the Sec-
retary of the Treasury shall be ex-ofiicto president
of the Light-! louse Board of the United States; and
the said board, at their first meeting, shall proceed
to ballot for one of their members as chairman^
and the member who shall receive the majority of
ballots of the whole board, shall be declared by
the president to be chairman of the Light-House .
Board, who shall,in the absence of the president j'
of the board, preside over their meetings and do
and perform such acts as may be required by the |
rules of the board.
Sec. JO. And be it further enacted, That the Light- ;
House Board shall meetfour times m each year for j
the transaction of general and special business, j
each meeting to commence on the first Monday m
March, June, September, and December; and that
the Secietaty of the Treasury is herby authorized
to convene the Light-House Board whenever m his ,
judgment the exigencies of the service may requiie
it. 1
Sec .11. And be it further enacted, That the Secre- !
tary of the Treasury be, and he is hereby, required
to cause such clerks as are now employed on light- |
house duties in the Treasury Department to be >
transferred to the Light-House Board without any
change of salary; and to provide the necessary j
accommodations for the secretaiies and clerks,for i
the preservation of the archives, models, drawings,
&c.,<&c., and for holding the meetings of the board,
and that he cause to be transferred to the proper
officers of the Light-House Board all the archives,
books, documents, drawings, models, returns,
appaiatus, &c., Ac., belonging to the light-house
establishment oi' the United States.
Stc. 12. And be it further enacted, That it shall
be the duty of the Light-House Board, immediately
after being organized, to arrange the Atlantic,
Gulf, Pacific, and Lake coasts of the United States
iwo hght-houise districts, not exceeding twelve
in number; and the President is hereby author-
ized and required to direct that an officer of the
Army or Navy may be assigned to each district
as a light-house inspector, subject to and under
the ordeis of the Light-House Board, who shall
receive for such service the same pay and emolu-
ments that he would be entitled to by law for the
performance of dutyin the regular lineof his pro-
fession, and no other, except the legal allowance
per mile when traveling under orders connected
with his duties.
Sf.c. J3. And be it further enacted, That the said
Light-House Board, by and with the consent and
approbation of the Secretary of the Treasury, be
authorized and required to cause to be prepared
and distributed among the light-house keepers, in-
spectors, and others employed in the light-house
establishment, such rules, regulations, and instruc-
tions as shall be necessary for securing an efficient,
uniform, and economical system of administering
the light-house establishment of the United States,
and to secure responsibility from them; which
rules, regulations, end instructions, when approved,
shall be respected and obeyed until altered and an-
nulled by the same authority.
Sec. 14. And be it further enacted, That it shall
be the duty of the Light-House Board, to cause to
be prepared by the engineers, secretary of the board,
or by such offfccr of engineers of the Army as may
be detailed for that service, all plans, drawings,
specifications, and estimates of cost of all illumina-
ting and other apparatus, and of construction and
repair of towers, buildings, &c., connected with
the light-house establishment; and no bid or con-
tract shall be accepted or entered into except upon
the decision of the board, at a regular or special
meeting, and through their properly authorized
officers.
Sec. 15. And be it further enacted, That hereafter
all materials for the construction and repair of light-
houses, hght-vessels, beacons, buoys, shall
be secured by public contracts, under such regula-
tions as the board may from time to time adopt,
subject to the approval of the Secretary of the
Treasury; and all woiks of construction, renova-
tion, and repair shall be made by the orders of the
board, under the immediate superintendence of
their engineer, secretary, or of such engineer of
the Army as may be detailed for that purpose.
Sec. 16. .'hid be it further enacted, That it shall
be the duty of the Light-House Board to furnish,
upon the requisition of the Secretary of the Treas-
usy,all the estimates of expense which the several
branches of the light-house service may require,
and such other information as maybe required to be
laid before Congress at the commencement of each
session.
Sec. 17. Andbeitfurther enactcd,Th^itaW actsand
parts of nets inconsistent with the provisions of this
act are hereby repealed; and all arts and parts of
acts relating to the light-house establishment of the
United States not inconsistent with the provision
of this act, and necessary to enable the Light-
House Board, under the superintendence of the
Secretary of the Treasury, to perform all duties
relating to the management, construction, illumin-
ation, "inspection, and superintendence of light-
houses, hglit-ves&els, beacons, buoys, sea-marks,
and their accessaries, including the procui mg and
testing of apparatus, supplies, and materials of all
kinds for illuminating, building, and rebuilding
when necessary; maintaining and keeping in good
repair the light-houses, light-vessels, beacons,
buoys, and sea-marks of the United States; and
the second and third sections of the act making
appropriations for light-houses, light-vessels,
buoys, &c., approved March third, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-one, aiehereby declared to be in full
force, and shall have the same effect as though
this aet had not passed: Provided, That no addi-
tional salary shall be allowed to any civil, military,
or naval officer who shall be employed on the
