XXXH
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Light-House Board, or who may be in any manner
attached to the light-house service of the United
States under this act: And provided farther, That
it shall not be lawful for any member of the Light-
House Board, inspector, light-keeper,or other per-
son in any manner connected with the light-house
service, to be engaged, either directly or indirectly,
in any contract for labor, materials, or supplies
for the light-house service, nor to possess, either
as principal or agent, any pecuniary interest in
any patent, plan, or mode of construction or illu-
mination, or in any article of supply for the light-
house service of the United States.
Approved, August 31, 1852.
Public, LXI.—Jin Act to Establish certain Post
Roads, and fur other puiyoses.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the following be established as
Post roads:
IN MAINE.
From Ellsworth to Waltliam.
Prom North Lincoln, in the county of Penob-
scot, via Chester, to Nickerton, in said county.
Prom Alexander, through the town of Craw-
ford, to Wesley.
Prom Rockland to Isle au Haut.
Prom Aurora to township number thirty-three,
Hancock county.
From Hampden, via South Hampden, South
Newberg, East Dixmont, Morton's Corner, in
Jackson, to Jackson Centre.
From the city ofBangorvia Eddington, Maria-
ville, Westly, Crawford, Alexander, Baring, over
the Black Road (so called) to Calais.
From South Paris to Harrison, North Bridge-
ton, Bridgeton, West Bridgeton, to Fryeburg.
IN NEW HAMPSHIRE.
Prom North Charleston to Unity.
From Lisbon via Sugar Hill to Franconia.
From Lower Bartlett via Jackson and Pink-
ham's Grant to Gorham.
From Keene via Swanzey Center to Richmond
Center.
From Exeter via Epping, Nottingham, North-
wood, Epsom, to Pittsfield.
From Pittsfield to Farmington Dock.
IN RHODE ISLAND.
From Washington Village to Rice City.
IN NEW YORK.
From Vallonia Springs, via Nineveh and Cov-
entry to Oxford, in the county of Chenango.
From Ithica, through WestDanby to Spencer,
in Tioga county.
From Rathbonville to Jasper, in Steuben coun-
ty.
From Fishkill Village, through Brinlcerhoff,
Johnsville, Oregonville, Gayhead, and Cortland-
viile, through Stormville to Poquag, in Dutchess
county.
From Havana via Odessa, Cayutaville, Enfield
Center, and Applegate's Corner, to Ithica, in
Tompkins county.
From French Mountain via Q-ueensbury, Pat-
ten Mills, Griswold's Mills, and West Fort Ann,
to Fort Ann, in Washington county.
From East Aurora, m Erie county, via Willis's
Mills, to South Alden.
From Stockton, on the line of the Chautauque
Central railroad, to the south line of the town of
Gerry.
From Ellenville via Woodbourne to Liberty, in
Sullivan county.
From Rough and Ready via the head of Ben-
nett's Creek, Joshua Slyler's, and Brookfield, in
the State of Pennsylvania, to Deerfield, in Tioga
county, Pennsylvania.
From Bath via John S. Depew's and Goble H.
Rising's to West Addison, in Steuben county.
From Addison, to Elkland, Tioga county,
Pennsylvania.
From Bath via Mitcheliviile to Plattsburg, Steu-
ben county.
From Savona via Bradford to Tyrone, in Steu-
ben county.
From Hornersville via Stevens's Mills,.Has-
ltenville, Loonlake, Patehin's Mills, to Wayland
depot, on the Buffalo, Corning, and New York
railroad.
From Bath via Holman Marsh's and Moses
Bennett's to Towlesville, in Steuben county.
From city post office to Harlaem railroad at
Armenia, in Dutchess county.
From Shokan, on the Kingston and Delaware
plank road, via Olive Bridge post office and Samp-
sonville to Pine Bush.
From Franklin Falls to Hamilton.
From Elizabethtown via Harrotstown, St. Ar-
mand, to Franklin Falls post office in Franklin ,
county. _ _|
From Newcomb to Long Lake, in Hamilton |
county. j.
From the city of Albany via Guilderland, Rot- j;
terdam, Mariaville, Menaville, and Fort Hunter, .
to Tribe's Hill.
From Rhinebeck via Milan, Pint Plains, to !,
Harlaem railroad, in the town of North East, |
Dutchess county. ;
From Pottersville to Tannersville, in Essex i
county. _ "
From Springville via Griffin's Mills and East j
Aurora to Lancaster, in Erie county. j;
From Wales Centre to Alden, in Erie county. I1
From Colesville to Wales Centre, in Erie j;
county. Ij
From Concord Centre via Glenwood and Hoi- |j
land to Java, in Wyoming county. j;
From Buffalo to the Village of Ebenezer, in Erie j;
county. _ jl
From Buffalo, through the late Indian reserva- !j
tion, to Colesville, in Wyoming county. j!
IN NEW JERSEY, |j
From Trenton via Lawrenceville to Princeton. |!
From Hackettstown to Hope, in the county of jj
W arret'. ;{
From Newtown to Deckertown. j
IN PENNSYLVANIA. I
From Smith's Mills, m Crawford county, via
Cockranton, to John Wightman's.
From Pittsburg, over the line of the plank road,
via the city of Alleghany, Perrysville, Wexford,
Zelienople, Harmony, Whitestown, Prospect,
Centreville,HarrisviHe, and Wesley, to Franklin,
in the county of Venango.
From Agnew's Mills, in the county of Venan-
go, via Lamartine and Five Points to Cass,in said
county.
From Ulysses, in Potter county, to Genesee
Palls, in said county.
From Smicksburg via Chambersburg and Plain-
ville, to intersect the mailline between Kittanning
and Curwinsville, thence via Clarion to Indiana
Court-House.
From Scottsville via Little Mehoopany Centre,
Lovelton, Sciota Valley, and Wolf Creek Valley
to Cherry, in Sullivan county.
From Smithfield via Geneva, Greensborough,
Mapletown, Willowtree, and Davistown to Mount
Morris, in the county of Greene.
From Clara via Oswego to Ellisburg, in Potter
county.
From Curlsville, in Clarion county, via Lime-
stone and Kingsville to Corsica, in the county of
Jefferson.
From Skippack via Harleysville, Franconia, and
Tylersport to Charlestown.
From Brookville via Bellview, Dalm&tia, Ring-
gold, and Porterville,to Smicksburg,in thecounty
of Indiana.
From Lawrenceville via Seely's Hill, in Jack-
son township, to Seely Creek post office.
From Wyalusing to Sugar Run, in Bradford
county.
From Mercer via Sandy Lake and New Leb-
anon to Deer Creek.
From Parkersburg viaErcildown,McWilliams-
town, Mortonville, and Marshallton, to West
Chester.
From Brookville to Marion, in Forrest county.
From Lanesboro' via Starrucca, Thom Arrarat,
and Herrick, to Gibson, in Susquehanna county.
From Keitztown via B. E. Day's Store, Fred-
ericksville, and Landis's Store, to Bechtilsville.
From Cowdersport, up the Alleghany river, via
Raymond's Settlement, to Ulysses.
From Lancaster via Swarrz Mills, Sporting
Hill, Mastersonville, Colebrook Furnace, and
Campbetlstown, to Annville,in thecounty of Leb-
anon.
From Grreensburg to West Newton, in West-
moreland county.
From Millerstown via Richfield, Mount Pleas-
ant Mills, Middleburg, Centreville,and New Ber-
lin, to Mifflinsburg, in the county of Union.
From Butler via Portersville, Evansburg, Zeli-
enople, and Buhl's Store, to New Brighton, in the
county of Beaver,
From lekesburg via Roseburg, Bosserman's
Mills, and Juniata, to Newport.
From Catfish, in Clarion county, via Isaac
Sand's, to Callenshurg, in said^county.
From lekesburg via Donnelly's Mill, to Mil-
lerstown.
From Friendsville via Jackson Valley and War-
ren Centre, to South Warren.
From Economy via Sheffield, Seventy-six, and
Service, to Hookstown, in said county.
From Tunkhannock via Big Mehoopany, Bel-
latimer, and Amos Ellis's, to La Porte, county o-f
Sullivan.
From West Port, on the west branch of the
Susquehanna river, up Kettle Creek, to Kettle
Creek post office, on the Jersey shore, and Cau-
dersport turnpike.
From Beaver via Mechanicsville, to Zelienople,
in Butler county.
From Susquehanna depot, along the Tunkhan-
nock creek, through the townships of Harmony,
Jackson, and Gibson, to Lenox.
From Waynesburg via head of Ten Mile Creek,
to Middlebourne, in the county of Tyler, State of
Virginia.
From Logansville to White Deer Mills, in
Union county.
From Titusville via Enterprise, Davis's Settle-
ment, Youngsville, and Chandler's Valley to Sugar
Grove, in Warren county.
From West Franklin via Granville to Alba.
From Dundaff, through the townships of Her-
rick and Thompson, to Lanesboro' on the New
York and Erie railroad.
From Milford via Darlingsville, Lord's Valley,
Bloomington, Grovesville, Tafton, and Tanner's
Hollow to Salem in Wayne county.
From Equinunk to Preston, in Wayne county.
From Roxburg via Cherry Valley to Strouds-
burg, in Monroe connty.
From Morris down Babb's Creek to Pine Creek,
and down Pine Creek to Waterville.
From Allentown via Millerstown, Schimers-
ville, Upper Milford, Claytonville, Schultzville,
Backset's Store, New Berlin, and Oystertown to
Potts town.
From McConnellsburg via Mercersburg, Green
Castle, and Waynesboro' toEmmittsburg, Mary-
land.
From Fairmount Springs to Cherry, in Sullivan
county.
From Margaretta Furnace via New Bridgeville
and York Furnace to McCull's Ferry, in York
county.
From Pennington, in Chester county, to Rock,
in Lancaster county.
From Nazareth, Northhampton county, via
Mooresburg, to Wales.
IN MARYLAND.
From Washington via new cut road to T. B.
Beantown, Bryantown, Charlotte Hall, Chaptico,
and St. Clement's Bay to Leonardtown.
From Charlotte Hall via Bryan town, Beantown,
Piscataway, Palmers and Good Hope to Wash-
ington city, District of Columbia.
From the city of Frederick via the turnpike,
Mechanicstown, and St. Mary's College to Em-
mittsburg.
From WhiteHall, on the Baltimoreand Susque-
hanna railroad,and Buekstoneto Gorsuch's Mills.
From Denton down Fowling Creek, Upper
Hunting Creek, New Hope, Federalsburg, Can-
non's Ferry, and Seaford to Concord, in Dela-
ware.
From Piscataway via Beantown, Bryantown,
and Charlotte Hall to Leonardtown.
From Jarrettsville via Lagrange IronWorks,
Pilesville, and Slaterville to Peach Bottom, Penn-
sylvania.
From Bryantsville via Castle Fin to McCall's
Ferry, Pennsylvania.
IN VIRGINIA.
From Boon Court-House to Wyoming Court-
House.
From Girardstown to Glingary.
From Ashton's Mills to Lauck's Cross Roads.
From Winchester to White Hall.
From Front Royal to Conrad's Store.
From North Mountain post office, via Cedges-
ville, and Tomahawk Sping, to Jones's Spring.
