1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1667
are reasonable and fair. There is to be no charge
for double composition on any work ordered
jointly by the two Houses.
JOINT RESOLUTION INTRODUCED.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, pgreeably t© previous
notice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a
joint resolution for the purchase of the Half-Breed
Tract on Lake Pepin, in" Minnesota Territory;
which was read a first and second time by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
BILLS PASSED.
The following engrossed bills were read a thir4
time and passed:
An act for the relief of L. M. Goldsborough
and others; and
An act for the relief of Richard Fitzpatrick.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives
was received by Mr. Haves, its-Chief Clerk, an-
nouncing that it had passed the joint resolution
from the Senate to establish certain post routes,
with an amendment.
SURVEYING DISTRICT OF ALABAMA.
' On motion by Mr. FELCH, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider, as in Committee of the Whole,
the bill to establish the subdivisional lines and
corners of certain fractional sections in the south-
ern surveying district of the State of Alabama; and
no amendment being made, it was ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading. .
SECURITY OF LIFE ON BOARD STEAMERS.
The.bill to amend an act entitled " An act to
4 provide for the better security of the lives of pas-
' sengers on buard of vessels propelled in whole or
" in part by steam," was read a second time, and
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, this is a bill of
considerable importance, affecting property more
or less to a considerable amount; and it is, per-
haps, appropriate that I should, m as summary a
way as circumstances will permit, bring before the
Senate, in the first place, the causes which demand
this bill; and, in the second place, the remedies
which are proposed. In doing this my main and
principal object will be to present to the consider-
ation of the Senate those statistics which belong to
the subject, and which will afford them, I think,
all the information which they will desire.
I would premise, however, before entering upon
the exhibition of these statistics, that this is a sub-
ject of very complicated character; that it is sur-
rounded, as every gentleman who has paid any
attention to it well knows, with various and com-
plicated embarrassments. In the first place, you
nave to contend with the feeling of selfishness
which always belongs to property holders. Life
in steamers cannot be better secured without meas-
ures which, from their necessary stringency, ex-
cite the distrust if not the hostility of the owners
of such vessels. They prefer the unrestrained lib-
erty of managing their own affairs according to
their discretion, though a mercenary spirit may
and often does triumph over all sympathy for those
exposed to destruction from explosions and other
eauses. In the next place, you have to encoun-
ter greater or less diversity of opinion as to the
remedy. And then, again, perhaps there is no
very great uniformity of opinion as to the causes
of the catastrophes which have happened, and
which demand legislation. But, sir, I thmk they
are all agreed in one thing; at any rate, in the va-
rious correspondence which I have had and all the
various gentlemen who have done me the honor to
confer with me upon the subject, I have found no
individual who is not of opinion that something
should be done by Congress—thatsomething may
usefully be done to suppress the calamities, or at
least the dangers which now exist.
In order that the Senate may understand the
magnitude of the interest with which we are deal-
ing, I will lay before tliem some statistics, which I
have been able to collect from the various sources
which are open to research. The statistics which
I am able to command have been collected at con-
siderable labor, and from sources, though not m
all instances entirely reliable, yet the errors, if
any exist, are not of a character to mislead the
judgment.
In the first place, we want to know the number
of steamers in the United States. We want to
know the magnitude of this interest as it has ex-
isted in preceding times. We watitto understand
something of the effect which the progress of
events has exhibited to the public m the business
of steamers. I am not able to present very com-
plete information upon this subject, but, to some
extent, I may say it is quite satisfactory. I was
in hopes, at one time, that 1 should be able to
communicate to the Senate some account of every
steamer which, from the commencement of the
business, has been built in the United States down
to this day, and be able to exhibit to them an ac-
count, if any disaster has befallen them, of that
disaster. I am very happy to say, that while L
cannot do this as regards the whole country, I am
yet able, to a reasonable extent, to do it in regard
to that portion which has been most afflicted with
difficulties, and where the greatest disasters have
happened. I allude to the waters of the West—
the great Valley of the Mississippi, and the Gulf
connected with it. There has been presented and
laid on our tables an exhibit of that description—
diawn out upon a resolution passed by the Senate
upon my motion—giving an account, 1 believe, of
every steamer which has been constructed in that
valley and upon the gulf from the commencement
of steaming down to the year 1849; and also an
account of every disaster which has resulted m
the destruction of the vessel. The absence of
complete information as regards the residue of the
country is the less to.be regretted since, if we can
abate or suppress the calamities now of frequent
occurrence m that region, the means by which it
is done will be a sufficient corrective for other por-
tions of the country. But I have more complete
information in regard to a specific period. The
Senate were kind enough to pass a resolution the
session before the last, I think, by which they
directed the Secretary of the Treasury to collect
the statistics for the year ending the3Uth of June,
1851—the political year. That service has been
accomplished with considerable industry. We
have, tnen, the statistics resulting from the return
of the Secretary of the Treasury showing the
whole number of steamers then existing 111 the
United States, the disasters occuring within that
year, and the number of lives, as far as could be
ascertained, lost by shipwreck, and from other
causes.
Mr. President, I am unwilling to take up the
time of the Senate, further than to bring out sub-
stantially these statistics, and to state the remedies
which are proposed.
According to the list to which I have adverted,
the whole number of steamers which have been
built in the Valley of the Mississippi and upon the
Gulf, up to 1849, was 1,656. Of this number,
736 have been destroyed in the following ways,
to wit: 419 were sunk, chiefly by snags; 104 were
burnt: ii'2 were destroyed by the explosion of
boilers; 67 were destroyed by the collapse of flues;
19 by the bursting of pipes; making altogether by
explosions, 168; and 45 were destroyed by collis-
ion. The loss of property by the destruction of
these vessels, including none excepting where the
loss was total, is estimated at §5,643,791 for the
vessels. The destruction of cargoes m the same
vessels has been carefully estimated at $12,698,529,
making in this valley and gulf, during that pe-
riod, a total loss of property, amounting to
§18,342,320.
The Senate, perhaps, will be surprised at the
magnitude of this loss, compared with the whole
inteiest. When we come to look at it, and com-
pare it with the whole, we find that the loss
amounts to 44j per cent, on the value of the
whole property engaged during the period, from
the commencement of steaming down to 1849.
We have no data by which the sacrifice of life
can be stated, with entirely reliable accuracy. In
December, 1848, the Commissioner of Patents j
was directed to ascertain the number who had |
perished' by explosions only. He reported that j
in 164 cases of explosion or collapse, which had !
come under his knowledge, 1,805 persons were
killed, and in 111 of those cases, 1,015 persons j
were wounded. He further estimates, by aver- j
aging the cases where the number has been ascer- .
tamed, the loss of life m the cases of explosion,
&c., ascertained by him to have previously taken
place in the United States, at 2,563. The number
of wounded he has estimated, on the same prin-
ciple, at 2,097, making a total of 4,6S0 killed and
wounded by explosions alone. These estimates
probably fall below the truth. The inquiry ofthe
Commissioner was limited to explosions only,
while mine has extended to ail kinds -6f disasters
which have proved fatal to life. And although the
data collected by him and that employed by me do
not admit of a direct test by comparison, yet I am
persuaded that the fact will be made manifest,
when we come to the more correct statistics to
which I have adverted, that he under-estimates.
As I remarked to the Senate, we have the returns
for the year ending on the 30th of June, 1851.
We have these details in a substantial and reliable
form, and when the Senate come to compare them
with the estimates made by the Commissioner of
Patents, they will be satisfied that it was an under-
estimate on his part.
According to the returns for the year ending
June 30th, 1851, the entire mercantile steam ma-
rine of the United States, including ferry boats,
numbered 1,390 vessels, with a tonnage of 417,225,
distributed as follows: on the Atlantic coast, 625
vessels, with a tonnage of 212,500; on the interior
waters, 765 vessels, against 625 on the coast, and
a tonnage of 204,725 against a tonnage of212,000.
These vessels, again, are classed in a different
form, indicating more specifically the kind of em-
ployment on which they were engaged, as fol-
lows:
Ifo. Tonnage,
On the Atliintic coast, ocean steamers  96 91,475
SteainPiN diove by paddle-wheels 382 90,738
Ferrv boats do.  80 18,041
Propellers  67 12,245
Total on Atlantic coast 625 212,500
The same classification is made in regard to the
interior waters. The number of steamers upon
the interior waters, driven by paddle-wheels, for
the year ending June 30th, 1851, was 663; and the
tonnage 187,262. There were on the same waters
50 ferry boats, with a tonnage ©f 15,729; 52 pro-
pellers, with a tonnage of 4,733; making- a total of
765 vessels, with a tonnage of 204,725. The ag-
gregate of officers and crew, I am also able to
state. The aggregate number of men employed
on board of all of these vessels was, for that year,
29,377—on the Atlantic, 11,770; in the interior,
17,607.
The next point on which the Senate may want
some information, is in regard to the number of
passengers. I have therefore collected statistics
in regard to the transportation of passengers, and
they present some curious and striking facts. The
number of passengers transported by steamers
the same year, ending June 30th, 1851, was,
39,204,691. They were carried as follows: On
the coast waters, in ferry boats, 29,315,576; on
other steamers of all kinds, on the same waters,
4,027,270. On the waters of the interior, in ferry
boats, 3,102,531; on steamers of all other kinds,
2,759,314; making a total aggregate of 39,204,191
passengers transported.
It may be interesting to the Senate also to know
something of the amount of property which is de-
stroyed from year to year; and we have probably
an accurate estimate for the year in question. In
the same year, the vessels of all kinds wrecked,
including vessels under sail as well as steamers,
was 446. Of these, 118 belonged to the interior;
76 to the western rivers, and 42 to the lakes.
The 76 were all steamers, and a part, though the
exact proportion cannot be ascertained, of the ves-
sels wrecked on the lakes, were steamers. The
value of the property destroyed, together with
these 118 vessels in the interinr, is estimated at
$1,585,400. The estimated loss from the same
cause in the same territory, in 1849, which I have
i been able to obtain, is $1,568,106—falling little
i short of the estimate for the year 1851. On the
! Atlantic and Pacific coasts the number of vessels
i of all kinds lost during the year ending June 30,
; 1851, was 323; 20 of these were steamers; but I
1 have no estimate of the value of the property de-
! stroyed on the seas or sea-coast.
! The next point to which I wish to invite the
i attention of the Senate, is the loss of life for the
• same year, ending June 30, 1851. The whole
i number ascertained is 1,013. It is distributed as
! follows, and the distribution presents some very
' striking considerations: Outof these 1,013, on the
waters ofthe interior were 695; of this number
628 lives were lost on the rivers—all belonging to
steamers. The total loss on the lakes was 67$
part in steamers. On the sea and sea-coast th«
