756
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 15,
youi memorialist by !*• J  Pi Hans, E«q., dated Santa Fe,
Beeemfe«r 59, 185-i:
MiMr. Ashurst and myself have made two attempts to
'falrelhe depositions for'the contents but it is absolutely
♦i. p(^sj&lo to frot two justices of til« peace together at
'onetime. Why, I cannot tell; but I can very shrewdly
When, Mr. Speaker, you turn to the law of
"Congress, prescribing the mode of taking testi-
mony in cases of contested election, it will be
found that those gentlemen had no right to go be-
fore two justices of the peace for the purpose of
taking such testimony. They are not the officers
prescribed by law. They mi^ht, therefore, a8
• well have averred that they could not get two old
women together for the purpose of taking the tes-
timony, because of the corrupt influence of Gov-
ernor Calhoun.
Then the reason why, after the issues were
made up, no testimony was taken, was, that no
two justices of the peace could he got together;
and, at the same time, it is a fact, that two justices
of the peace do not constitute the proper tribunal before
whom to take the testimony.
Here are thp officers prescribed by section third
of the act prescribing the mode of taking testi-
mony in cases of contested election. I read from
the law of Congress:
" Sfc. 3. And be it further enacted, That when any
sncfi contestant ot relumed member shall be dt-Mron* of
obtaining testimony respecting such election, it shall bo law-
ful for lnm to make application t > any judge ot' any couit
of the United States, or to any chancellor, judge, or justice
of a court ofrccotd of any State, or to any mayor, leeordet,
or intendant of any town oi euj, which said officer sha'l
reside within the Congressional district in which said con-
tested election was held, who shall," &.c.
The contestant 111 his memorial has made refer-
ence to this very law, and he knew that they ought
to take the testimony according to it; and yet th?y
did not try to take the testimony in accordance
with it, because they dared not meet the issues. The
officers before whom the testimony should be
taken are a judge of any court of theUnUed States,
the chancellor or jud^e of any court of record, the
mayor of any city or town. These are the olli-
cers prescribed by Jaw.
Now, I ask any candid man if it was the bena
fide intention to pUice a statement of testimony
before this House which should be reliable and
not to be misunderstood, woukt not any man have
gone to Judge Watts or to .Tiul^e Mower, United
States Judges, in preference to any New Mexi-
can alcaldes, to take testimony in English ? That
is the question. But there is a very good reason
why it might be advantageous to take the testi-
mony before two Mexican alcaldes, teho did :ioi
understand the idiom in which the testimony was to be
taken. One of these gentlemen, who is charged
with taking the testimony, is afoiger—knotcn lo be
a forger by the contestant—Aslmrxt, iMernH A-diurst,
a refugee from Alabama Ttiete is the reason at
once why, instead of ,c;omg before the oifieers pre-
scribed by 3;uv, they come here and say that they
could not take tins testimony, because, foi.sooth,
they could not set together two justices of the
peace. The law did not permit them to take testi-
mony before such officers, so long as there was
one of those officers whom I have mentioned m
the Territory of ±si>\v Mexuo.
Section tenth of this same act is as follows:
aThat when no Fttch inagi-'hate a-- bv the third «ec-
tion oi t!ti s :u-t, onthou'.ed to take deposition- reside
in the ConiiU'-^onaf (h-fnet from winch the election is pro-
po-ed to be conn ••ted, U shall In- Irr.vtui (or c ith< r p.ufv to
mare npplicntioji to ;*vo jii«,rjcc* of the peace rc^uiip.T u uhoi
fie di<t' icr, ho .ire heirb} ant honied to w>< > \ e such
apphcano i and lornto pioeeed upon it in tne manner
hcreinlvfoiH ihroete,! ,h
There is the case m which, and hi which enhf,
the testimony may be legally taken befot e two ]i ?-
tices of the poa^e. Bu i if justices of the peace wei e
inserted m ih* third section as the proper persons
to take lawful testimony, I submit'it 'is
with suspicion, that, when it is a notorious fact that
Judge Watts, appointed from the State of Indicuu,
(an honorable gentleman whose character need.'no
eulogiuni from'me,) and Judge Mower, appointed
from the State of Mh hi^nn, (also of de.--ei vediy hi^h
char xcter,) were in that Territory, they should seek
to go before^two alcaldes—alcaldes elected by the
peope of Nftw Mexico, who, of course, having
the majority, elected alcaldes from their own coum
trymen who did not understand the idiom m which
the testimony was to be taken. I stated, there-
foie, that m tins memorial there was sufficient
to vindicate Governor Calhoun from the charges
sat forth in the memorial. The issue was made I
j! up, but they did not take a particle of testimony,
jj and they come here with suspicious reasons to ac-
I count for it. I said they were afraid to take this
,] testimony before intelligent United States otficers,
:! who wouldputthesethingsunderstandingly before
ij Congress.
. j Now, I will read my answer, and this House
I will get a glimmering from it, why they did not dare
li to meet the issue:
I Santa Fe, (N. M.,) September 17, 1851.
,! Sir: There lias this day been seived upon nic by Mr.
j Jones, the United States Marshal, a document, or paper,
II signed " Skinner, Pillans & Ashurst," attorneys for A. W.
, Reynolds, which purports to be a notice that you will con-
! test m> " election as Delegate to the present Congress of
:i the If nited States fiom the Teirifory of NewMeueo."
; | Though tins document is not signed by yourself, but by
, u Skinner, Pillans & Ashutst," wiih the desenptive words,
' " attorneys tor Reynolds," I leave with my friend and at -
,; tomev. K. P. West, Esq.. tins letter, to be delivered to you
i in case you leeogmze and confirm as youis the document
alluded to.
[ 1 hc\v"> taken the precaution not to icply to Messrs, Skin-
: ner, Piil'in = k Ashuist, betoie discovering that then act was
' by you recognized, bccause I was unwilling to place you—
now ubscnt in the Nabajo country, fiom winch no advices
| have been leccived since a day anterior to the dav oi elec-
,j tion—in the position ot directing or authonzing them to
1J contest, }oi you, my election, at any risk and at <di hazards,
ij without youraelt knowimr how fairly oi unfairly the elee-
1 tion might be conducted, oi, indeed, without kno'wuig vvliat
; might be the result ot the election itself.
: The objection that the Governor's proclamation, dated
■ j the 8th ot August, was not -printed or distubuted until the
; l.'i!h, i-', I respoctiuiiy suprffest, one of whicii you can take
| advantrtge, niaMnuch as the propuetors and eoiitjollors of
1 tne only press in New Mexico are your partisans. iSTo one
;] better mtormed than yourself that, since the sale of said
i: piess (.emniueted by yourself) by order of the quaitennas-
} tcr't? department, in the year 18—, the eonttol ot it has been
I with your iriends, never having been uninfluenced, either
I as%diloi or propuetor, by your own cinet and conlidential
I clerK, Mr. T. S. J. Johnson, late an officer of the 8th in-
, fantrv. United State* Army.
If, then, the tailme to print, and, consequently, to dis-
; tiibutcj i< in any wit-e a tort, it i>> one ot vour liiend^, or
1 1/0117 s, oi winch you can take no advantage
, i * X * r + +
I I rest the validitv of my election on the around that I
have, a< appear !>y the ictuins, a huge majomy of the le-
1 g.d votc^ ot ttie Teintory.
I That my majority has been much decreased by acts of
I organized violence of your fnends, theteby inumuhun'g
■ the people, ,tnd driving them tiom the poflsj this ,it the
1 ranc'ios, of Tan<; and, at lea-t, oup orlier precmct ot that
■' county, and aUo in other parts of the Terntoiv. That, in
^ oulei that the popul.u will may be tiulv letieeted, which is,
i the <\iiu and object of an election, the votes thus kM to me
! should be added to the majority 1 now luve on the face of
the ieiunis. * * * A " That ofiicers of the army
[ have themselves voted, and sent their soldieih to vote, and
• i'i one ca-o b.ou<jht oi marched them in a body to the poll*,
j and otneivviso illegally and impioperly inteiteied with the
i elections. That at least one officer ot the Army was in
I (. oiniiao^ witii «\ nmnber of at med men, (not -oldieia,) who
ii wi'ie <Mi a^ed in acts of violence w'ueii did intimidate the
I people, and prevent a numbei of them trom voiuig tor me;
; this at the rnncho* oi Taos. That the piecinct at the
rancho-of Albmjwujue was assailed by n body of armed
! mm—Mexican-and Americans, paitnan- of j ours, he.id'-d
II by one Candida (Hlir, -upported by at loa-t ooe soldiei and
I two wauoiuna-teis k i entlv in the <'inployot the qnmter-
1 n>a teidt'p'utinent. uitii tiv iment ot j-ievenim^ the peo-
ple mm' .'veid-ini; Uieir light ot \tKnurat the ele< tion ; and
■ though llu- odtia-reoos attempt was ti u-tiated In the spir
[ Hed tc-i-faec" <i! tiie mdi^naiit j«eonle, the eneuni-tance
1 « ill ihi'iish one ioik in the chain of te-t.mony T will bung
l: out, lh.it theie v. .1? ,t dcs]fm on the p ut ot your fin-iuK nnl-
■1 n.u > and ei \ il, bv violence to pi event the people from \ ouaix
: b>t iue imdei-mned, and Uiu- thwaif the jiojmlar w ill, and
; bung about \ oiu election; yotu election winch, aecoidnig
to the popitlai behet, was to bung about the iceail ot tne
Hoop- tiuin the tiontiei, and the rein-tatejn>'nt of tiu* <iuai-
ti" ruasti'idep.iitnient, m its late strength and uiriuejice,
in ?h'- Ti > ntoi \.
Vnu eim>ge iile'/el and improper mterfeicnee of the ex-
ec ttu " in mv l>":ialf. Tin*; I deny , usul chatge impiopm-
ir.teilerence of tiie mihtaty sejn^ulK', and oj ilie (fij.utei-
; nia-ier's depaitment in patticular, ai-l(jd and e.bettcd h\ the
Mith'i-, uni' contiacto;.-, ft Kd ^cnmonine, w no d(«uv p'o/:ts
fiom the pie--^iiec of the aimy in the inteuor, ami tiom an
e \ u av .urant adimm-t) ution oi the qmoteuna-teid-'pait-
inert, and have no interest in The TniiUnyl have ihe
hoiioi to H-pie-ent.
Tom ohcdiei't -er\ sor,
it. IJ. \Vi;i(UITAIAX.
Cantam At,fx. v\*. Tt-\noi.d-.
-issI'itaat Ci'turfori/u'^ter, JJ S Jirmy
A shtjit account of the military government
winch i xisied >\ jNTew Mexico, will account for
many of the circumstances which have happened ;
will furnish the key to many of the charges brought
against Governor Calhoun; aiid will, in particu-
lar, account for the fact that I stand here.returned
by a large majority. This history will show, that
1 I stood nj) for the people to protect them against
outrageous violence—outrages the most insuffera-
ble ever perpetrated anywhere. In order first to ;
I s;ive an idea of the combinations of parties at that j
| day,I will read from the Union, of October 8,1850, I
an article prepared by myself, with no reference
then, as a matter of course, to this question.'
" Washisoto^, October 7,1850.
"To the ZJiliior :
Sir : I 4esne to correct an error into which the editor
of the Union has fallen. The error i* contained in the fol-
lowing paiagripliofthe editorialofOcfoberfr,entitled • The
Late Session
"' Scaicely was the ww President metalled, when it be-
'catnc known that the commissioner of Texas, sent to or-
' a.inize eouniies in the Sdiita Fe country, had been foiled
' by the troops of the Untied States, and that the military
'commandant, acting under instruction from Mr. Ciaw-
i ford, had set on foot a movement for forming a State gov-
1 ejniiient ?n the Territory claimed by Texa-^.7
"The idea that the State movement was set on foot in
NewMeuco by the nrilirarj comtiMnder, or by any influ-
ence other than the will of the people, is so ir<]iuous to1
New Mexico, now appljim? for ftdmiv&ion into the Union
as a Stale, that I deem it to be my duty lo correct it; and I
doubt not the columns of the Union will be open for tne
correction of any and all erioi-s into which it< cd'tor may
have unwittingly fallen—and pmrtieuiaily should the errorf
a-! 111 this ea^e, seuo <ly involve the happiness and \ve!l-be-
in° of a jarge and respectable community, which is justly
entitled to the esteem and sympathy of the people of the
United .Stales.
" ^o far from it being the fact that the State movement in
New Mexico \\ ds set un foot h} the militaiy commander,
the ro-erse is true.
"The State movement was set on foot by sixteen civif-
ians, citizens of the United States—some of American and
some of Mexican blood—some Democrat-? and some Whigs
—-ome natives of southern and some of northern States.
Then address to the people appeared in the columns of the
i New Mexican,' December 8, 18-19, and was replied to by
a eounter-dddtess hi the columns of the same paper, -ijrneiJ
by sixty two other civilians, among whom were included
all the judges of the tiieuit eourts, the prefectos, the sher-
iffs, the alcaldes, and in fact the great body of the officers of
the civil government or the military commander, alt of
whom held their offices at his absolute zvill atidpleasure.
" The Slate movement was by them denounced as a fac-
tioxrs movementi and the movers as the Jllvurez faction.
A« the movement progressed, rt was diseoveied that the
mihtaiy commander had a decided leannnr towards the ter-
ntonal pai ty—indeed^ hoi u« ii vei e decidedly purti^un, anS
the State firhi
'•The State paity at'thelnte elections triumphed in every
county but one, arid did so despite the pafds.m acts of the-
mditary commander, despite the almost unanimous oppo-
sition of the judires. pretecto-, alcaldes, &e., who held their
ofhees at the will and pleasure of the military commander,
and despite the almost unanimous vote ol the euiploj ees of
the (juartcrmastei's depaitment "
The same combination exists now. Here is the
duavtermaster, and. his friends are here with him>.
1 have merely wished to show that the present
opponents of Governor Calhoun are the legitimate
successors ot' that old military party, and that it is
no wonder the man who opposed it should stand
here, elected triumphantly by the people, and with-
out the necessity of the improper or corrupt inter-
ference of any one. I continue from the article in
the Union:
" The civil officers, who held their offices at the will and
plea^me of the militaiy commander, were about one hun-
d>ed and fifty in number, were distributed over the whole
country, andail of them.e\ceptahouf five or six, opposed to
ihe St.ite movement fney were, of cont-e. jn a stnte of
onjani/atmn Kn* any purpose in winch they thoujht proper
to acf together, ami the power they could buns to beat and
did bung to beat ; that tbey wee not particulaily sci upu-
lom in ib^n action may be in'etred fioin the following ex-
tract fiom thf inenioual of the Legislature of New Mexico
to tiie Co'igic.-sof the United States."
This wa-i a part of the United States then. I
want every one to understand where such out-
rages were committed ia open day:
£ The inhabitants of New Mexico, since February 2d,
e 1818, ha\c trro.med under a harsh law, foiced upon them
< in time of uai, when they were thought undeserving of
4 confidence.
" • 'J'he military is independent of and superior to the civil
< pn\v"i.
u ' The inhabitants have no voice or influence in making
' the by which they are governed.
'••Soni" powir other than Ihe Coni(re*& of the Ignited
£Stai''-. has ':;;u1p judi-e" dependent on iN will alone for the
' tenure of th.a.* offices, and the amount and payment of their
* sa!,iti("v.
'—Some power other than the Consre^s of the United
' St;,!''s has subjected us to a lunsdictiou loieign to the Con-
' shtnrion and unacknowledged hyoui laws.
'•k We are taxed without otrr consent, and the taxes, when
1 colle.'ied, are not applied to the public benefit, but embez-
zled by o'ficcr* lne^'ponsible to the people.
*'' Xo public officer m New Mexico is responsible to the
4 ppoplj. Judges, unlearned m the law-, decide upon liie,
1 lib^i-ty, and property. Pref^cto> and aleahh^ impose fines,
' and mcaicoijite witnout the mtei vention of a jury.
4 Alcaldes assail the ludst of the people freely to exercise
1 fbeir r^hg'On without restriction, and dictate to congrega-
c tion« what priest •shalladnunistei the 'sacrament* of the
' Cbmch.'
•'The full extent of the power to control and injure,
which this unrestrained and organized band of offiee-hold-
er< wielded, can only be entirely under-stood when it is
known that tiie mihtaiy commander held to no accounta-
bility civil officers charged with assaults upon the religion
of thp count, y, and embezzlement of the public funds.
"The influence of the quartermaster's department in
the late elections was by no means an inconsiderable one.
