1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
757
With its army of employees, with its contract- to let, with -
its* asrenHcs to purcha-e flip entire suiplua of the corn an
forage of the countiy, and with its easy means of commu-
nication by express at Government expense, if proved itself
very formidable; and tins lntiuciice, with some honorable
exception?., was thiovvn against the State paity.
"Thi? web of influence, evtendmg to the frontiers of
New Mexico, wit-, like the other, oiganizcd, arid, like it,
also, easily managed fioui the center; and the managers of
both webs were acting in concert, and, as has already been
•told, against the State parly."
The managers of both webs are here, Mr.
Speaker, and they are Houghton and Reynolds:
"Nor is this all. In the fiist days of February of this
yeat, the government punting pics-, the only available one
in the country, was sold, and fell into the hands of'the ter-
ritorial party. Being: owned by an army sutler and con-
tiactor, and" edited by the chief judge under the military
government and-the chief clerk of the quartermaster, all
<'OHimiiiucalions of the State party were excluded from the
columns of their paper. They lefu-ed to piint ballots for
the State party, who were obliged to write tickets (the
election being held by ballot) to the number of fifteen or
twenty thousand.
" With the press against the State party, the office-hold-
ers against it, and the moneyed inlet est ol government
«igain-t it, it cannot be %aid, Mi. Editoi, that the State
movement was boin of or grew to manhood by executive
influence; but, rather, it nuM be admitted that the voice
ot the people has made itself heaid under very difficult cir-
cumstances.
" The difficult boundary question will, it is confidently
expected, soon be settled by the assent ot Texas; and, the
boundary difficulty at rest, New Mexico stands in the sa.ne
attitude a^ California did previous to her admission, arid m
the same attitude as Michigan previous to her admission,
and after the adjustment of hei boundary difficulties with
Ohio and Trulia-ia.
•' New Mexico asks for no more" than justice. She asks
it of all patties and all sections. She conies heie uncon-
nected with any paity or any section. Of her delegation,
two are Democrats and one Whig—two southern and one
northern born. She appeals to the whole United States,
and claims a- arigW, it iier constitution is republican, to
be admitted to the enjoyment oi ait the blessings ofhherty.
" With much respect, I have the honoi to be, sir, your
obedientsei\ant, It. H. WEIGHTMAN.
{k P. S. X omitted in my communication to lefertothe
correspondence, already published m the newspapers, be-
tween Governor Alvarez and Colonel Munroe, in winch
the latter expressed his determination to iesist the opera-
tion of the State government " with all the means at his
disposal," as furnishing evidence that the military com-
mander was not favoiable to the State movement or State
party.
" By inserting this with my communication, you will
confer a favor.
" Very respectfully, R. H. W."
Now, Mr. Speaker, you will be surprised at the
amount of pains I took to reform that military
government. I have a perfect stock of charges
here, made by me against it to Governor Munroe
for oppressions, upon the people, to not one of
which did he pay any attention. I will refer to
these by then* heads, intending to publish them
in extenso. The Hist is the case of Judge Hough-
ton—the chief judge of Colonel Munroe, the
fountain of justice in New Mexico, I charged
him with a variety of iniquities—of putting other
people's money in his pocket, of never paying
over anything he got his fingers on, and of gross
official misconduct. He is one of the respectable
constituents,quoad /toe, of thehonorablegentleman
from Missouri. [Laughter.]
Here is the document at large:
Santa. Fe, (N. M.,) December 1, 1849.
Influenced, sir, by duty and inclination, I lay before you
charges of a most seiious nature against the highest judicial
officer in this Terntory—Judge Joab Houghton; charges
so serious, that, it true, it is an act of mere justice to the
community that he should be removed from office.
In consequence of pecuhai, agitating, anddangerousques
tions which now exist in the United States, it has been
thought proper and even patriotic in Congress, to withhold
fron/us a territonal organization, which, cxcept for the
agitatinsque^tions there existing, we would doubtless long
since have obtained.
As it is, a de facto government obtains here of a most
anomalous character, having no parallel m our history, op-
posed to the spnit and geiiui- of our institutions and laws,
and unrecognized by any competent authonty.
This government de facto was established under tne laws
and u.-a-'es of wni; and upon the conclusion of the peace,
February 2d, 1848, having been found in existence here,
to prevent anaichy, continues by the acquiescence of the
authoutj, whatever it may be, which is competent to
change it. ,
Undei this government, as it actually exists, theGovernoi
exercises military, executive, and legislative functions.
To show that he has exeicised legislative luncUon-*, I
make reference to orders No. 10, dated Febiuary ntn, 1848,
laying duties and taxes, providing for their collection and
lor the pavment of -alaries, creating; offices, &c.
I presume, however, that no aigument is necessary to
prove that the Governor has the powei under this govern-
ment, as it actually exist-, whether legally or not, to rehe\e
the community ol a corrupt, ignorant, or objectionable judge.
In making charges, it js necessary to be preei-e, and to
enter into particulais; otherwise the accused will have just
cause to complain that he lsiried on charges winch are un-
defined, and to which, thercioic, it is not possible to make
a defense.
Though by entering into unpleasant, though necessary
details, i may, in the eyes of the undiscerning, appear to
wai.t good taste, I shall not refrain from so doing; prefemng
lather to deseivc this cen-ure, than to subject m\ ^elr to tne
charge ol concealing tiomthe accused that which is brought
against hun.
In the foim, then, of charges and specifications, I accuse
Judge Joab Houghton, as follows: ;
Charge 1st. Tlis conduct has been characterized by
breaches of faith of such a natuie, that the continuation of
hiui m so elevated and responsible a station, cari but have
the ellect of lowvnng in the eyes of the public the standatd
of American character.
Specification i-"t. It has been substantiated in a coin l, to , (
the siuisl action of a juiy, that he has leeeived, a= the agent j
of Colcord &• Hall, a sum of money exceeding >-3,01)0, and .'
not paid the same to his principal's. lj
Specification 2d. He has leeeived money as the agent of <j
East &. Andei-on, for the speeiuc puipose ol pa« mj dunes j;
under ordeies No 10, of date February 3th, 184;*, and ni-tead
of paying the money into the hands oi tiiecollector, plae .-<1 ■
theiem, in heuoi money, his audited accounts loi his salary j;
as judge, which accounts wcie icceived a* cash; and sub- j|
sequently, when that patt of oiders No. Id, laying and <ol- j:
lecting ot duties was annulled, he withdrew said audited 'j
accounts from the hands ot the collector, and leplaced the 'j
bonds of East Si Anderson, which said bonds are now in 'j
the hands of the collector, and money of East & Anderson 1 j
in the hands of Judge Houghton. ji
Specification 3d. That on or about the 19th day of June, i j
184«, he wa-. engaged in bu-iness as a meichant, being a ;|
partnei in the firm or E. Leitensdorfer ot Co ; that about J
that date, the firm of Leitensdortei & Co. intioduced into 1
Santa F6 goods, the original cost of whn-h, including the
outfit, was not less than,>luO,:)wO; that subsequently, on oi
about the 21st day of Seplembei,E. Leitensdonei ami Joab j
Houghton dissolved paimeMnp; that on or about that dale, i
E. Leitensdortei left Santa Fo, appointing Joab Houghton j
his agent ami attorney tor the transaction of business; that i
on oi about the 11th day of December, 1818, E. Leitensdor- j
fei made an as-igument ot all his effects for the benefit of !
his cieditois; that the effects as-igned amounted to about :
>f40,0U0, and the ascertained debts of the turn to more than ]
SdlbjUd-i; that between the dates June 19th and Decembei ;
llui, E. Leitonsdoiter was lor the greatei or a gieat pait 1
ol tne time, absent from Santa Fe, the place of the house ■
ot budiiess'of the fiim, and that the cb*fn-it h not account
od foi j that neatly all, if not all, of the good* laktn £ouih
for sale hv the said Leitensdoitor are accounted toi. while
the pait left in Santa F6 generally under charge ol said :
Houghton, is the part not accounted loi; and that tins laiiute I
is fraudulent, and Judge lloughton guilty of the fiaud. I
Specification 4th. So much of the specifications under !
chaiges second and third as may be applicable to this charge, j
Chaige 2d. His occupying his position on the bench j
amounts to a denial o! jn-tiee, m a huge class of cases. j
Specification 1st. The case of Campbell iv>. Leiten?:lor ;
fer & Co., involving about .*8,000, was brought by attach- 1
ment, b ised upon an allidawtof hand, on the 26th day of ;
May, 1849, and wa- m due course for trial at the June term
or that yeai, but could not be hied, becau-e the judge wa->
interested; it could not be tued at the October term (or the
same reason, and cannot bo tried (or the same reasons un-
der existing circumstances, so long as Judge Houghton oc-
cupies his piesent position.
Specification '2d. The case of Kelly ««. Leiten«dorfrr & ,
Co , involving about based on Affidavit of fraud, was ,
filed June 30, 1819, and was lor trial in due couise at the last j
Octobei term, but could not be hied, and cannot be tucdior |
the same ieason- as above i
Specification 3d. The ca-e of Webb vs. Leiteusdorfer &
Co., involving about >;8,000, based on aflidaut ol tiaud, was
filed Juiie3U, 1849, and was tor tuai in due course at the la-t
October teim, but could not and cannot be tued, for the lea-
sons set fbith in Specification 1st ot this chaige.
Specification 4th. There is now in the hands of the un-
designed, liabilities of the fiim of E. Leitensdoifei & Co ,
and bills against it for the gioss sum of £3,659 70, torecovet
which six suits will be necessaiy; but have not filed suits,
because he has not been able to discover pioperty oi that
firm, the eouit navmg declared that it will adjudicate no
point about which there is a contest.
Specification 5th. There is now in the hands of Mr. Biggs,
by the agreement of all the parties to the suits, a large sUm
of money abiding their issue, and mu*t theie remain until
they are decided, to the great damage ot the owners thereof.
Specification 6th. Theie ate a number of other ciedirors
of E. Leiten-douer & Co , who would bring suits, it they
believed notice could be obtained.
Specification 7th. By the death or going away ot impoit- (
ant witnesses, the ends ot justice, which are now delayed,
may be entuely defeated. ,
Specification bth. So much of the Specifications under
charge* 1st and '.k\. as may be applicable to tin- charge. ,
Chaige 3d. Ignorance oi law, and dtsregatd to his obliga-
tion as a judge.
Specification l«t. Before trial, out of court, he has ex-
pressed the opinion that a man about to be tued for his h.e
was a murderei
Specification 2d. Tie has admitted to bail the man whom
he said was a mmderer. ,
Specification 3d. He has written articles in the J-anta te
Republican concerning a point of law, about in due course
to come befoie him toi decision, on which depended aiaige ;
class of cases involving a sum of money exceeding ^t0,000. ;
Specification 4th. Had he adjudicated on the bench |
as he adjudicated m the newspapers, lie would have been ,
benefited bv the adjudication.
Specification 5th. At a meeting ot the bar, held in the city
of *-anta Fe on oi about the 2i5th of July, 1849, at which
meet,.,? wif p.e^nt Messis. SmUh Tuley Ai.sn.'V,
Wheaton.We-t, Pillans, ^simrst, Beach, Hall, and \\ t ight-
man the question wa- discu^ed a- to the p.opnfty oi m-
vitui" JtuUe Houghton to lesign; at this meeting it was t.ie
ooinion of all the members piesent. tiiat he was incompc-
te-it to fid the oifice. and eightot their number signed a let-
ter requcrtin? him to resign; two of them declining to sign
the letter on personal grounds; the two who declined being
Messrs. Smith and Hall.
Specification 6th. So much of the Specifications of Charges
1st and 2d as may be applicable to Charge 3d.
The witnesses to prove the above chaiges and specifica-
tions are at present m New Mexico, how long they wjH re-
main theieit is impossible to say.
I have to request, theieiorn, as eailv notice as possiMe
may be allorded me, that an investigation will be had; the
commission, or whatever other bodv oi peison to whom
tlie.e chaiges. ike., may be referred, should have power to
send for per-ons and papers.
With much regiet that I have to trouble you with so dis-
agreeable a matter. I am, sir, very rc-pectfuliv, voui obe-
dient spivunt, It H. WEIGHTMAN.
Biovet Colonel John Munroe,
Clull and Military Governor of Mexico.
It may be proper to mention that I sent word
to Colonel Munroe's Fountain of Justice that 1 had
preferred charges of a grave character against him,
and that if he would seek of Colonel Munroe,
with me, an in\estimation, and I could not make
the char^cs good, I v/ould freely and cheerfully,
as publicly as ] had made, retract them and make
amends. lie did not seek mi inrestigefion. notwith-
standing he very much desired my good opinion.
Re has applied to me for a certificate of character.
He applied in these words:
Santv Fk, September 0, 1849.
Sir: In consequence of slanderous words used by you
in conveisahon with Lieutenant Taylor, at tiie sutiei's
ston\ in Albuquerque, with J L. Hubbell. Esq , at Socor-
ro, at Santa Fe, and generally thioughout the Terntoiy,
within ihe la-t low, I demand of you an unequivocal re-
traction of -uoh -landers, or the satisfaction due from one
gentleman to another J. flOUGIITON.
It. H. IVeichtma.v, Esq.
To this anxiously-expressed desire to obtain
from me a character) 1 courteously replied to his
friend who handed me his application, from which
reply 1 extract us follows:
Sant v Fe, September 19. 1849.
Sir : 1 rf,eeived at your hand- a note from Judge Hough-
ton. ol tin < date, m which he is plea-ed to say that, m con-
sequence o' word-, winch he cuaractcnzes as slanderous,
u-<-d by me to Lieutenant Tajloi 10 Albuqueiqne, to J. L.
[lubhffi, E-q , in Soco.ro, at Santa Fe, and generally
thioughout the Territoiy. witlnu the !a-t few "days," (£
suppose was intended, a woid being len out,) he demands
ot mc an unequivocal retraction ot such slanders, or the
satisfaction due fiom onegentlemau to anotbei.
Ik'-ides the application of the word slanderous to my
words, I have an objection to make to the general tenor of
hi- note, which is this: n leaves open the inference that I
made the remarks alluded to not in Judge Houghton's pres-
ence. To rebut which inference, I have to say, that three
oi four months ago, it became my duty, as counsel in the
case of Colcoid & Hall vs. Smith D. Town, to comment
upon the conduct ol Judge Houghton, in receiving, as the
agent ol Colcoid & Hall, a laige sum of money, in the
neighborhood of £3,400, and not paying the same over to his
pnncipal, as it was intended he should, and as he was
trusted to do. in myiemarks to the jury, the judge was
spoken of as a faithless agent, and it may peihaps not be
inappropriate to mention that the iuiy found a verdict in
accoidancc with the theoiylaid down by myself and the
othct gentlemen with whom 1 was a-sociated on that occa-
sion. Judge lloughton was nor parent on this occasion,
but my remaiks and the finding of the jury are matteis of
public notouety.
A'miu, m Socorro, at which place he refers to a con-
versation with Mr. Hubbell, I made the same or similar
remarks in a public speech to the people. Judge Houghton
being present, and distant perhaps six feet fiom me at the
time. , ,
I deem this statement due to myself, in order to make
it apparent that 1 havem no wise secretly assailed the char-
acter ot Judge Houghton. .
In conclusion, 1 have to sav that in consideration of the
fact that Mr. Houghton occupies at this time the important
position of chief judge m this Territory, and is recosmzcd
as a gentleman bv persons ot high standing, y our-elf among
the number, I feel m\>e!f at libei ty to accept tne latter of
the alternatives he has been pleased to offer me. I accept
hi'challenge, and will meet him this dav at as early an
hour as can conveniently be agieed upon between yourself
and the gentleman who will hand you this.
Very respectfully, &.C.,
James H. Qcinn, E-q.
R. H. WEIGHTMAN.
We did meet that day, and lie got 110 certificate
of character or any concession whatever. He was
i willing to risk his life to obtain my indorsement
of him, but feared to meet ail investigation. He
j proposed trial by icager of battle, and lost his cause,
I but declined meeting the more modern and less
j barbarous trial, (proposed by me,)—by the ex-
amination of sworn witnesses.
' In reference to this memorial Colonel Munroe
took no actum.
| Here is another document—which is a core-
I plaint that certain of the civil authorities (who are
removable at the will and pleasure of Colonel
1 Munroe) interfered with the rights of the clergy
and people of New Mexico freely to exercise their
religion. Here it is:
I Bv the authority of tiie Vicarm. Mr. Juan F"!ipe OrtPi!,
1 the chief ecrSeeiastic of ttie Catholic Churcn m :h.-.. J_err -
: tory, to whom hat. been confided the control of all 1-
,1 astical affairs, poitauimg to that Church here, I bring to your
