1670
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
compactly pressed and well covered with bagging or a simi-
lar fabric r nor shall gunpowder, oil of turpentine, or mate-
rials which ignite by fifction, be carried on board any such
vessel as freight, except in cases of special license for thai
purpose as hereinafter provided ; and all such articles kept
oil board as stores shall be secured in metallic vessels; .and
every person who shart knowingly violate any ot the pro-
visions of this section shall pay a penalty or' {£100 for eacb
offense, to be recovered by action of debt m any court of
competent jurisdiction.
I will explain in a few words the object of that
amendment. Most of the steam vessels engaged
in the navigation of the Western waters occasion-
ally carry small quantities of gunpowder and other
articles, described in that section. There is not
that distinction between freight and pasaenger ves-
sels that we have on the sea-board. To prohibit
them entirely, where there are persons purchasing
an assortment of manufactures for their stores,
would be to exclude them from a very important
part of the compensation which they have received
from the transportation of merchandise. The
-amendment designs to allow the inspectors to grant
a license to carry these articles; and in a subse-
quent section it is provided that the license shall
not j^e granted unless the vessel is provided with
metallic chests, or safes lined with metal, safely
stowed at a point distant from any fire, and each
of the articles packed in a separate chest, and this
is intended to allow them to carry only si small
quantity at a time, and have it so secure that fire
cannot approach it.
Another section which I intended to propose,
$nd which the bill did not provide for, is to pre-
vent the taking of these articles in disguise; for it
would be in vain to prohibit vessels carrying gun-
powder or other combustible niatenal so long as
the practice exists, as it exists in the West, and
sometimes I believe in the East, of putting up gun-
powder, for instance, in some other package, as
coffee, and marking it as containing coffee only,
and then stow it in the vessel where fire may have
access to it. The additional section I intend to
propose, is to prohibit that practice, and require
these articles always to be put up separately, and
marked distinctly on the outside, so that where we
are imposing penalties on the masters of vessels
for carrying the articles, we shall, at the same time,
punish those who put them up and endeavor to
impose upon the masters, some of whom are now
unwilling to carry them. There are many who
will not receive them if they know them, or if
they receive them, will stow them where there is
no danger. But the practice has been adopted by
some men to put up these articles in other pack-
ages in disguise, in order, therefore, that the bill
may be accommodated to the condition of naviga-
tion in the West, I hope the amendment will be
agreed to.
Mr. DAYIS. 1 do not propose to make any
objection to the plan of the Senator. My judg-
ment would lead me to reject gunpowder, and ar-
ticles of that description, as freight in vessels that
carry passengers, on the ground that it is very
explosive m its character, and unless unusual pre-
cautions are taken, I suppose every person thinks
there is more or less danger to be apprehended
from it. But I do not, on the other hand, wish
to interfere with the trade of the people, provided
gentlemen really think an arrangement can be made
which will make it safe and prudent to take such
articles on board. 1 shall make no objection to it,
though my judgment would be that they had bet-
ter be carried on vessels limited to freight alone.
The amendment was agreed to.
^ Mr. GEYER. I offer the following as an addi-
tional section:
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That hereafter all gun-
powder, oil of turpentine, and matenals which ignite by
friction, when packed or put up for shipment or sale, shall
' be securely packed and put up separately from each other
and from all other articles, and the package, box, cask, or
vessel containing the s-aiiie shall be distinctly maiked on
the outside with thp name or description of the articles con-
tained therein ; and every person who shall pack or putup, i
or cause to be packed or put up, lor sale or shipment, any :
gunpowder, oil of turpentine, or materials which ignite by
friction, or shall deliver to any person anv package, box !
cask, or vessel, containing either of the articles aforesaid! i
not marked as aforesaid, or shall ship or Offer to ship the
same on board of any steam vessel carrying passen^f-rs
shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and punished bV
fine not exceeding or imprisonment not exceeding -
months, or both. a
The amendment was agreed to.
The following amendments, proposed by Mr.
Geyer, were severally agreed to: To insert in the
seventh section of the bill, which specifies the du- !
ties of the- inspectors, under the second head I
directing them to satisfy themselves that the va-
rious parts are properly constructed, the folio wing;
That the openings for the passage of water and steam re-
spectively, ami ail pipes and tubes exposed to heat are of
proper dimensions and free from obstruction ; that the
spaces between the ffues are sufficient, and that the fire
line of the furnace is below the safe water-hne of the
boilers.
To strike out in section seven the following:
" The said inspectors shall keep a regular reward of cer-
tificates, whether of approval or disapproval; and when
recorded, the originals shall be delivered to the collector j
and they shall keep a like record of all appointments made
tinder this act, and all revocations of appointments, and
shall communicate to the collector all such appointments
and removals"—
And insert:
Upon the application of the master or owner of any
steamer employed only in the navigation of rivers for a
license to cariy gunpowder, oil of turpentine, and materials
which ignite by taction, or either of them, the inspectors
shall examine such vessel j and if they find that she is pro-
vided with chests, or safes composed of metal, or entirely
lined therewith, or one or more apnitments thoroughly lined
with metal, below the water line at a secure distance from
any fire, they may giant a certificate to that effect. and au-
thorizing sach vessel lo carry as freight any of the articles
atoicfaid, those of cach de?cription to be secured in such
ches-t, safe, or apaitment containing no other article, and
cariied below the watei line at a distance from any fire to
be specified in the certificate: Provided, That any such
certificate may be revoked or annulled at any time by the
inspectors, upon proof that cither of the said articles have
been carried on board said vessel, at a place or in a manner
not authorized hy such certificate, or that any of the pro-
visions of this act in relation thereto have been violated.
The said inspectors shall keep a r<>gulm record of cer-
tificates ol inspections of vessels, their boilers, engines, and
machinery, whether ot appioval or disapproval, and when
recorded, the original shall be delivered to the collector of
the district; they shall keep a like record of certificates au-
; thorizmg gunpowder, oil ol turpentine, and materials which
' ignite bv Miction, or either of them,'and when recorded,
I dehvei the originals to said collcctoi; they shall keep a
j like recoid-of all licenses to masteis, pilots,'and engineers,
, and ail revocations thereof, and shall, from time to trine, re-
poit in wmiiiir their decisions on all applications for such
licenses or proceedings for the revocation thereof.
In the seventh section to strike out:
u It shall be unlawful for any person to employ, or any
person to serve as engineer or pilot who !•  not licensed by
the inspectors ; and any one so offending shall forfeit $100
foe each offense : Provided, houever, That if a vessel leaves
her port with a complement of engineeis and pilots, and on
her voyage is deprived of their semee, or the services of
any of them, without the consent, fault, oi collusion of the
master, owner, oi any one interested in the \csscl, the de-
ficiency may he temporarily supplied until the vessel re-
turns to hei port1'—
And insert in lieu thereof the following:
No person shall act as pilot or engineer, or be em-
ploy ed to seive as such, on board of any steamer carrying
passengers, who has not a license for that purpose, con-
tinuing in foice: and any person so offending shall forfeit
$100 for each offeree. Nor shall any such vessel Le nav-
igated without a competent master and a full complement
of licensed pilots and engmeeis seiving on hoaid as such ;
and eveiy peison who shall violate this provision, or aid,
or assist therein, shall forfeit and pay dollars for each of-
fense* Provided, That if any such vessel shall be deprived
of the services of any such licensed officer during a voyage
without the fault or collusion of the owners of such vessel,
or any of them, and the deficiency shall be supplied as soon
1 av practicable, such owners shall he exempt from the pen-
] alt} afoie&aid.
I Mr. GEYER. The next amendment which I
propose is m the twenty-sixth section. That sec-
| ti'on reads as follows:
I "That the collector i.lia!l retain on tile the original certifi-
! cate of the inspectors, gmng to the owner or- master two
I certified copies thereof, one of which shall be placed in
; some conspicuous place in the vessel, where it will be
| most likely to be observed by passengers and others; and
! the other he shall retain as evidence of his lawful right to
j navigate the vessel, and no one shall be allowed to navigate
; a steamer without such certificates."
I propose to strike out all after the word "file,"
and insert:
All original certificates of the inspectors required by
thi* act to be delivered to him, and shall give to the master
or owner of the vessel therein named, two certified copies
thereof, one of which shall be placed by such master or
owner in some conspicuous place m the vessel, wheieit
will be most likely to be observed by passengers and others,
and there kept at all times, dming a voyage, and while such
vessel is leceiving freight or passengers; the other shall be
retained by such master or owner as evidence of the au-
thority theieby conferred; and if any person shall receive
or carry any passenger on board any such steamer not
having a certificate of approval as required by this act, and
a certified copy thereof placed and kept as aforesaid; or
who shall receive or carry any gunpowder, oil of tuipentine,
or materials which ignite by friction, as freight on board
any steamer carrying passengers, not having"a certificate
authorizing the same, and a certified copy thereof placed
and kept as aforesaid ; or who shall stow or carry anv of
said articles, at a place or m a manner not authorized by
such certificate, shall forfeit and pay for each offense .<*100,
to be recovered by action of debt in any court of competent
juusdiction. 1
Mr. "WELLER. It seems to me that it would
July 7,
be the better plan for the Senator from Missouri
to propose these amendments after the bill is re-
ported to the Senate, and the amendments are
adopted, which were agreed upon by the commit-
tee which original})? reported this bill. It strikes
me the better course would be to report the bill to
the Senate, and after it is reported, to print the bill
as amended by the standing committee which
has had charge of the subject; and then, if the
Senator from Missouri should desire to propose
some amendments which would make it more
practical in that section of country which he
represents, he could propose thera. Now, I con-
fess I do not understand this bill, and I doubt
whether there is any Senator here who does un-
derstand it. Thus far I have taken it with a
generous confidence, relying upon the committee;
but if individual Senators are to attach all sorts of
amendments to this bill, 1 do not think I shall be
able to go for it at all. 1 am willing to take it as
the committee which had charge of this subject
has reported it, but I may not be willing to take
it after twenty or thirty amendments have been
made by an individual Senator, without consulta-
tion with those who have had particular charge of
this subject.
Mr. DAVIS. I would observe to the SenatoF
from California, that the amendment which pre-
ceded the last one is substantially an amendmenS
of phraseology. It proposes some little change in
the character of the phraseology, and not of the
substance of the provision that theSenator moved
to strike out, and therefore 1 did not object to it. 1
have expressed my opinion to the Senate about
this matter of carrying gunpowder, and I am
called upon to record a vote on the subject. 1
must say, that 1 think a vessel carrying passengers
ought not to carry gunpowder. That would be
my judgment and my opinion. But this is a very
simple proposition. The Senator from California
will perceive that a very large proportion of these
amendments relate to provisions in regard to car-
rying gunpowder, friction matches, and things of
that sort. I would exclude them all. A large
portion of the amendments relate to making pro-
vision for carrying those articles, which are either
explosive in their character, or highly combusti-
ble. I think the better way would be to exclude
them. I went upon that plan. But this is a prop-
osition so easily understood by everybody, thaS
it does not require an argument at all. A gentle-
man can say to himself, " Am I willing to go on
board a vessel where these explosive articles are
carried as freight?" Ifhe thinks his lifeissafe, and
the liyes of his fellow citizens are safe, then he will
be willing to go on board- the vessel. Though
these articles are so dangerous, whatever provis-
ions we may make for their security, they will
be brought on board, and if brought on board,
thejr must be landed. If you think gunpowder is
an improper article to be brought among pas-
sengers, then you will agiee with me in the opin-
ion that it ought not to be carried.
Mr. RUSK. 1 was extiemely anxious that we
should getth rough with these amendments to-day,
so that we might have the bill printed as amended,
and act on it to-morrow.
Mr. DAVIS. I desire that very much.
Mr. RUSK. I am opposed to all these amend-
ments with regard to carrying gunpowder; and
had I not noticed the great vacancy in the seats of
the Senate, I should have called for a division, and
discussed the question. But I thought that the
better plan was to get through with the amend-
ments and have them printed, so that they might
be before us to-morrow, that we may act intelli-
gently upon them. The great difficulty about the
carriage of gunpowder is just this—one ,half of
the destruction of human life on board steamboats
occurs from the fact of the alarm that is raised the
moment there is a fire. The alarm, or the fear
that there is gunpowder on board, sets nearly all
the passengers perfectly crazy, I venture to say,
that if there was an investigation into the destruc-
tion of human life, on account of the explosions
of steam-boilers, and other accidents connected
with steamboats, it would be found that one half
the persons who are lost have perished in conse-
quence of a loss of judgment, occasioned by fright
and their not taking the necessary steps to secure
themselves. Whenever there is any powder on
board a steamboat, and a fire occurs, the cry that
there is powder immediately alarms the people,
and an instantaneous rush takes place. It is the
