XXXVI
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
IN MICHIGAN.
From Ynouski via Orangeville Mills to Yankee
Springs, Barry county.
From Kalamazoo via Ashtemo, Pine Grove,
Breedsville, Hunter's, South Haven, Ganges, and
Johnston's to Newark, Allegan county.
From Otsego via Watson, Dorr, and Bryan to
city of Grand Rapids, Hunt county.
From Saugatuek post office to South Haven,
Van Buren county.
From Q,uincy via Butler and Clarendon town-
ships, to Homer, Calhoun county.
From Sault Ste. Marie via Grand Island to Mar-
quette, Marquette county.
From Marquette via Little Bay and De Noquet
to Green Bay, Wisconsin.
From Marquette via Le Ause to Eagle river,
Houghton county.
From Le Aunse via Ontonagon and Lapoint to
Fond du Lac, in Minnesota Territory.
From Lapeer via Lathrop's Mills, Oregon, Ne-
ver's Mills, Marathon, Hays's Mills, and Foust,
to Pine Run, in Genesee county.
From Corunna via Owasso, Rusk, Northamp-
ton, and St. Charles to Saginaw City, Saginaw
county.
From Adrian via Rome Centre, Addison, Som-
erset, Liberty, and South Jackson to Jackson, in
Jackson county.
From Columbus via Memphis, East and West
Berlin to Almonte, in Lapeer county.
From Abscota post office to Pine Creek post
office, Calhoun county, being an extension of the
route from Marshall to Abscota.
From Detroit to Lansing by the plank road.
From Grand Rapids via Grandville to Holland.
IN WISCONSIN.
From Platteville via New California, Mifflin,
and Linden to Mineral Point.
From Prairie du Chien via Eagle Point Mills
and Boydtown to Fennimore.
From Mineral Point via Darlington and Avon
to Shullsburg, in Lafayette county.
From Sheboygan via Manitouwoc, Kewaunee,
Bailey's Harbor, and Sturgeon Bay, by steamers
to Green Bay.
From Fond du Lac via Rosendale, Ripon, Ce-
resco, and Dartford to Princeton, in Marquette
county.
From Ripon via Green Lake to Marquette.
From Fond du Lac via Wedge's Prairie, Fair-
water, Mackford, Tachorah, and Grand Prairie,
to Kingston.
From Osh Kosk by steamer to Mukwa.
From Mennasha to Lake Shanwanno.
From Princeton viaMontello, Roxo, andPack-
waukee to Delton, Portage county.
From Watertown via Juneau to Waupun, Fond
du Lac county.
From Columbus via Courtlasd, Cambria, and
Randolph, to Kingston, in Marquette county.
From Platteville via New California, Montfort,
and Highland, to Muscoda.
From Namahkun via Black Creek, Neshkoro,
Willow Creek, and Saukville, to Waupaka, in
Waupaka county.
From Madison via Montello, Dakota, and Wau-
toma, to Waupaka Falls.
From Montello via HarrisvilIe,'Long Meadow,
William Sylvester's to Grand Rapids, in Portage
county.
From Theresa via Mayville, Horikon, Juneau,
Oak Grove, and Lowell, to Columbus, in the coun-
ty of Columbia.
From Ripon via Sacramento, Poy Sippi, Little
River, and Weyauweya,to Mukwa, in Waupaka
county.
From Montello via Westfield and Kingsbury
ferry to Reed's Landing, on the Mississippi river.
From Waukesha via Pewaukee, Merton, Mon-
ches, Hartford, Iron Ridge, Mayville, Moore and
Conklin's mill, to Fond du Lac, Fond du Lac
county.
From Princeton via Dakin's hotel, Warwick,
on Willow Creek, and Saukville, to Weyauweya,
in Winnebago county.
From Ceresco via Dartford, Princeton, Harris-
ville, Westfield, Grand Marsh, through the valley
of Lemonoire,and down La Cross Valley to La
Cross, on the Mississippi river.
From Racine via Caledonia, Thompsonville,
South Raymond, and Norway, to Waterford, in
Racine county.
From Hefena via Wyoming Yalley and Otter
Creek, to Highland, in Iowa county.
From Prescott via Mill Valley, Willow river,
Pineville, and Crandall's mills, to the Falls of St.
Croix river.
From Menasha via Waupaka to Plover, on the
Wisconsin river.
From Mineral Point via Willow Springs, Dar-
lington and Gratio to Warren.
From New Haven to Necedah.
From Mineral Point to Shullsburg.
From West Bend to Monches.
From Madison to Wauhacca falls.
From La Cross to Back river falls.
From Madison by Farwell Mill, Montandon,
Arlington, Poinett, Dekorra, and Oshankutlo to
Wauona.
From Waushara by Mackford and Dartford to
Berlin, in Marquette county.
IN IOWA.
From Monona to Hardin,in Allemakee county,
to make a continuous route from Monona to De-
corah, in Winneshiek county.
From Monona via Bunker Hill, Point Rock,
and Columbus to Lansing, in Allemakee county.
From Fort Atkinson via Decorah to Lansing,
in Allemakee county.
From Louisville to Fort Dodge, on the Des
Moines river.
From West Union via Eldorado to Decorah,
in Winneshiek county.
From Columbus via Union Prairie, Jamestown,
and Decoiah to Louisville, in Winneshiek coun-
ty-
From duasqueton to Fort Des Moines, in Polk
county.
From McGregor's Landing to Tom Corwin's,
in Allemakee county.
From Davenport to Tipton, in Cedar county.
From Davenport via Allen's Grove, Thorn's
Mill, and Walnut Fork to Anamosa, in Jones
county.
From Colesburg via Sodomville and Wilson-
ville to West Union, Fayette county.
From Salem via Mount Pleasant and Stockley's
to Hope Farm.
From Newton via Pella, Knoxville, and Chari-
ton to Garden Grove.
From Knoxville via Barltersville, La Grange
and South Fork to Centerville.
From Chariton via Osceola, Pisgah, Union,
Adair, and Montgomery Court-Houses to Coon-
ville.
From Bellevue, Jackson county, via Spring
Brook, Higginsport, Spragueville, and Boon's
Spring to De Witt, in Clinton county.
From Marengo to Marietta.
From Oskaloosavia Knoxville and Indianola to
Winterset, in Madison county, and via Adair and
Cass Court-Houses to Kane, being a continuation
of said route.
From Council Bluffs, on the Missouri river, to
Fort Laramie.
From Chariton viaGlenn's, White Breast, Argo,
and Hopeville to Pisgah, in Union county.
From Marengo via the corners of Benton and
Powesheik counties, and through the center of
Tama and Marshall counties, to Marietta, in Mar-
shall county.
From Kanesville via Gaston, Fairview, Flor-
ence, and Council Bluffs to Linden, in Missouri.
From Kanesville to Sargeant's Bluffs.
From Newton via Pella Amsterdam, Knoxville
and Chariton, to Nine Eagles Point and New
Buda, in Decatur county.
From Fairfield via Lancaster, Sigourney, and
Indianapolis to Montezuma, in Powesheik county.
From Corydon via Grand River post office, to
Princeton, in Mercer county, Missouri.
From Corydon to Chariton Point, in Lucas
county.
From Apple Grove via Friel's post office, Hart-
ford, and Palmyra, to Indianola, in Warren
county.
From West Point via Pilot Grove, East Grove,
Salem, Viga, Glasgow,and Harmony to Fairfield.
From Kane via Pidgeon Mills, Boyer river,
Sargent's Bluffs, Harrison, Monona, and Wah-
kaw Court-Houses to mouth of Big Sioux river.
From Lancaster via Springfield, Indianapolis,
Union Mills and Montezuma to the Big Woods.
From Fort des Moines via Adell, McKay, the
county seats of Audubon, Guthri, Shelby, and
Harrison counties to Sargeant's Bluffs on the
Missouri river.
From Macedonia via Montgomery and Nodda-
way Court-Houses to Marysville Missouri.
From Red Rock via Paran City and PleasantvilTe
to Indianola.
From Pisgah to Macedonia via Johnson's.
From Garden Grove via Decatur Court-House
and New Buda to Lott's Grove.
From Garden Grove via Hopeville, Pisgah, and
Winterset to Adell.
From Ottumwa Court-House to Albia.
From Union Mills to Montezuma.
From Indianola via Chariton, South Fork, Cen-
treville, and Well's Mills to Lancaster, Missouri.
From Drakeville via Unionville, Moravia, and
Dodge's Point to Garden Grove.
From Eddyville via Elm Grove and Hamaker's
Mill to Knoxville.
From Brighton via Valley post office, Dutch
creek to South English.
From Ashland via Creesville, Competine, Ab-
ingdon, and Blue Point to Richland.
From Centre Point via Marysville, to Bradford,
in Chickasaw county.
From Cedar Rapids to Marengo, in Iowa
county.
From Dubuque to Fort Atkinson.
From Cluasqueton to county seat of Benton
county.
From Delhi to West Union.
From Salem to Columbus City.
From Dubuque to Lansing and Lycuens, in
Alamakee county.
From Lansing via Indian Mission, to Fort At-
kinson, in Winneshiek.
From Centre Point, Linn county, via Marys1-
ville, in Benton county, and Cedar Falls, in Black
Hawk county, John C. Barnck's, in Bremer
county, and Coon Grove, in Floyd county, to
Clear Lake.
From Prairie du Chien, in Wisconsin, via Old
Mission, Mentral post office, in Bremen county,
Cedar Falls, to Fort Des Moines, in Polk coun-
ty.
From Decorah to Plum Grove.
From Dubuque via Monna and Decorah, to Saint
Paul.
From Independence via Mentral po3t office and
Bradford post office, in Chickasaw county, to Old
Mission.
From Dubuque via Independence, through the
counties of Black Hawk, Grundy, Hardin, and
Risley, to Fort Dodge, in Yell county.
IN FLORIDA.
From Homassasa via Crystal river and Wekuva
to Long Pond, in Levy county.
From Fanning via Cook's Hammock, Warrier,
Fenhallowav, Econfence, and Rocky Ford, to
Marion, in Jefferson county.
From New River to Middleburg, in Duval
county, being an extension of the route from Al-
ligator.
From Key West via Cedar Keys, Tampa Bay,
St. Marks, Appalachicola, and Pensacola, to New
Orleans, Louisiana.
From Sopchoppy to Walker, on the Oklockny
river, in Wakulla county, being a continuance of
the route from Tallahassee.
IN TEXAS.
From Galveston via Galveston Bay and up the
Trinity to Liberty, by water.
From Liberty via Woodville, to Nacogdoches.
From Paris to Greenville, in Hunt county.
From Gilmer via Gluitman, to Kaufman,
From Tyler via Canton, to Athens.
From Gainesville via Alton and Waxie-hatche,
to Corsicanna.
From Clarksville to Jefferson, in Cass county.
From Livingston via Trinity Court-House, to
Crockett.
From Houston via San Felipe, Catspring, Post
Oak Point, and Fayetteville, to La Grange.
From Houston via Chambers, Roberts, Green-
wood, and Grimes's I'rairie to Anderson, in
Grimes county.
From Houston via Richmond, Columbus, and
Gonzales to San Antonia.
From San Jacinto to Smithfield, on Trinity
river.
From San Antonia via Goliad, Carabajul's cross-
ing of the Cibola to Lamar, in Refugio county.
From Anderson via Sulphur Springs, Plasters,
