THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
759
do not eare for Pedro Caidf'nas or, m other words they \
did nor doiie his scivice^. >lc. Jo*.£ Ariritjo, an elderly I
gentleman of good repute was deputed spokesman, and, m !
eomp.inj with a number of the congregation, lold the alcalde j
that it wa- agamst their will torlVdro Cardenas to say ma*s !
in their ehitrrh. The alcalde replied thai a he had the >
powei, and did not rocojmxe that of the people." To ;
which war- replied : *''11 you do not recognize the people, j
or their sovereignty, the people will not reeoffiiize you as I
alcalde." And theac words have been consttued in rebel ,
lion. , 1
With the sincere hope that the cries of a distressed peo-
ple may not be unavailing, 1 have fne honor fn Mgn mv-ejf j
5 our obedient servant, R. H. VVJ2IGIITMAN. '
Colonel John Monroe, j
Military and Civil Governor of N~ew Mexico. \
To these appeals of an oppressed and distressed !
people Colonel Munroe turned a deaf ear. I
Here is the report of the Auditor of New Mexico, ;
charging certain officers with embezzlement of the ;
public funds. I will not read it, but it distinctly i
charges willful and deliberate fraud and collusion
between certain officers (holding their offices at
the absolute will and ptc-asureof Colonel Alunroe) 1
to embezzle thepublicfunds, and exhibiting proofs i
of the embezzlement, on which Colonel Munroe !
took nv action. j
Here is the case of Simon Rosenstein, to which \
I invite particular attention. Here it is: j
santa pk, new mexico, )
November 16, 1849. £
Sir : It is my painful duty as counsel for Simon Itosen- '
?tein, a citizen oi' the (Tinted States, to biing to your notice !
a most grievous and distressing outrage, which has been i
committed on his person. i
Without law, or color of law. while peaccably engaged
in the prosecution of his lawful business as a trader, or 1
merchant, he was arre-ted by a non-comtnisMoned officer :
and foci soldier belonging to the gamson at Albuquerque, 1
and, without tr al or form of trial, confined in the guaid-
hoiw of that place tor the night, during which fur- ]
nished with neither food nor bedding, and without being
permuted to write to his friends, though he requested per- !
nu-M'm so to do. I
This arrest took place on Tuesday last of this month, at j
about one o'clock. j
On the next uioinsng he was toid that he mutt be bhnd- '
folded, as it was necessary to take lum to another room that
he might be questioned, and having been blindfolded, he !
was led into another room and stripped) and bound, ami j
scourged* j
He was left mf-ensible, and is at this moment in suffering
from the effects of this ille^il and brutal treatment, and
Knows not to this hour for what he has been punished.
Side by side with the statement of this ouuage, 1 place
the words ol the Constitution of the United States: In all
* criminal prosecutions, the accused shall enjoy the risht to
* a speedy and public trial, by an impartial jni/ ot the State
< or dij-tuct wherein the crime.'•hall have been committed,
< which district shall have been previous ascertained by
< law, and to be informed of the nature and cause ot the
4 accusation; to bij confronted with the witness against
(hnn ; to have compulsory process for obtaining witnesses
* m his Uu or, and to have the assistance of counsel for his
'defense."
Has the sufferer, Simon Itoscnstein, been accused :
Has he enjoyed the right to a public and speedj trial by
an nnpaitial jury r
Ha> he been informed of the nature and cause of the ac- j
cusation? :
Has he been confronted with witnesses against him ? ;
Has compulsorv process been aflbided him for obtaining j
witnesses in hi-< favor? i
Ha< he had the assistance of counsel for his defense ? j
Who the peipeliator of this outrage upon the person of !
a citizen and upon the laws of the country, a court ot m-
qunv maj discover. x " * I
A^ counsel for Simon Itosen^tein, i (eel called upon re- ;
spectfully to a-k of you, sir, in your double capacity as
Civil and Military Governor, tocau-e a strict investigation
to he made into this whole matter, in order that the real >
perpetrators mav he biought to light.
I am, sir, very respectiullv, voui obedient seivant,
' 5 R. H. WElGlITiMA.Y, |
Counsel jor bimon Rosenstem. \
To Col. John Munroe.
Military and Civil Governor of Xew Mexico. }
And on this complaint Colonel Munroe did taki I
no action.
Mr. PHELPS. Who commanded at Albu-
querque?
Mr. WEIGHTMAN. I am talking aboutcom-
plaints 1 la id before Governor Munroe, upon which
he took no action.
Mr. PHELPS. Who commanded at Albu-
querque r
Mr. WEIGHTMAN. Major Hine.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ORR. I have arisen for the purpose of
demanding the previous question upon the motion
that has been submitted, to refer this matter to the
Committee on Elections and to print. Lefore
making that motion, however, I desire to make a
remark or too upon this subject. I think the de-
bate we have been listening; to has been most un-
fortunate, and eei tainly verv unusual. A memorial
is presented by Captain Reynolds, contesting the
seat of the delegate from New Mexico, and upon
that memorial the gentleman irom Missouri [Mr.
PuELPb] makis a speech, in which charges are
brought, not against the Governor of iNTew Mex-
ico in connection merely with this election, but a
string of general charges such as have not been
brought, perhaps, against any public man since
those pteforred against Warren Hastings. Now,
if these charges are all true, why does not the
gentleman otter a resolution here, asking that a
committee of investigation may be raised for the
purpose of ascertaining their truth. They have
nothing to do with this question m law.
Mr. PHELPS. If tiie gentleman from South
Carolina [Mr. Ork] had paid a little more strict at-
tention to what 1 had to say of the conduct of Gov-
ernor Calhoun, he would have found that my re-
marks were confined exclusively to lus conduct m
interfering in the elections. 1 found if necessary
to read some extracts from a newspaper, and also
from a manuscript letter which had been addressed
to the President of the United States by certain
gentlemen in this city, and theie were some other j
charges connected with it which it was necessary j
for me to read, in order to obtain the portion 1 1
wanted. I intended to confine my remaiks to the |
interference on the part of Governor Calhoun in I
political affairs, and in the elections that were held '
in the Territory of New Mexico. I had nothing i
to say of the conduct of the Governor m any |
other particular. j
Mr. OUR. I was very attentive to the remarks j
of my friend from Missouri, [Mr. Piielps,] and I I
heard his entire speech. 1 desire to inquire of,
gentlemen, if they do not remember distinctly that i
he charges the Governor of New Mexico with!
certain corruption in securing the election of mem- 1
beis to the Territorial Legislature of New Mexico, i
1 desire to inquire what connection that has with '
the question now before the House. But the main
purpose 1 had in view in calling the attention of ;
the House to this subject at the present time is this:
Here a memorial is presented, contesting the seat j
of a delegate. That memorial should be referred i
to the Committee of Elections, whose duty it ;
would be to inquire into the facts, and report them !
to the House in an authoritative form, and then j
each member of this House becomes ajudge upon ;
thatstatement of the facts, it is notright that eithei !
the contestant or sitting member should be preju- ,
diced in the estimation of the House or country, by I
■ any ex parte statements made by those presenting i
I the memorial, or in defense by the gentleman from I
| New Mexico, [Mr. Weightman.] It is a ques- \
I tion winch should not have been agitated at all, but •
! should have been referred to a committee. When
| a committee submits a report, then it will be open \
to iair debate and decision by the House. I de- jj
mand the previous question. ;j
Mr. PHELPS. Will the gentleman permitme \\
one word of explanation. I think the gentleman ij
from South Carolina [Mr. Oitrt] has umntention-  {
ally done me injustice. jj
Mr. ORR. 1 will yield the floor temporarily to
the gentleman, for the purpose of allowing him to j
make a short explanation. I want to make my ;
usual motion very soon. [Laughter.] i
Mr. PHELPS. The gentleman was confound- ,
ing some of the matter which I read at the time
1 was addressing the House, with remarks I my- j
self submitted. The gentleman is inclined, perhaps,
j to censure the couise I have pursued in the pre- ■
j sentation of this memorial, and the remarks which ,
! I made en the day I presented it. I briefly stated |
I the charges which the petitioner made, stating 1
j the fact that he contested the right of the gentle- ;
j man from New Mexico to a seat upon this iioor.
I { was proceeding at that time to say something m ,
! relation to the conduct of Governor Calhoun m ,
the election in New Mexico, and my fnend Irom
North Carolina [Mr. Stanly] suggested the post- ■
ponement of the matter. To that point I had said ;
nothing, but that which the rules of the House ,
require me to say in the presentation of a memo-
rial, or a petition. At a subsequent tune, I con-
i fined myself entirely to the charges contained in
i the memorial. After that, at an interview with
i the Delegate from New Mexico, I informed him
! of the course of remark which I had intended to
; have pursued, had I not been arrested in it. I had
I no desire, as 1 stated at the time 1 olFered thatme-
i morial, to do anything which might prejudice his
■ ! case. He seemed to think that I had gone a little
'J too far, and desired, therefore, to reply. I was
I willing the matter should rest there. I had con-
j fined my remark exclusively to the conduct of
Governor Calhoun in interfering in the election of
the Delegate from the Territory of New Mexico,
and also in the special election, held in the county
of Rio Arriba. I thought it was a fair and legiti-
mate inference, and a matter which might be urged
to show that there was an interference on the part
of the Governor of that Territory in political affairs,
which was unauthorized, and highly censurable
upon his part. I did not enter into a discussion of
th« oppressions which the people suffered under the
military Government of New Mexico. I supposed
that the gentleman from New Mexico [Mr.
Weightman] would haveconfined himself entirely
to defending Governor Calhoun from the charges
which I brought against him. As to those, there
has been no denial on the part of the gentleman.
Here is the explanation I desire to make. I had
intended to have submitted something further.
Mr. ORR. I have no doubt that the gentleman
from Missouri [Mr. Phelps] thought his action
in the premises was right, but I think it has been
unusual for such a course to be taken.
Mr. WE1GHTMAN. Will the gentleman yield
me the floor for a moment?
Mr. ORR. I cannot refuse, but it is the last
time.
Mr. WEIGHTMAN. The gentleman from
Missouri says I have not taken up the charges
against Governor Calhoun. I am inclined to think
that I showed those charges were before the people,
brought in issue under the contested election, and
that my adversaries dared not take the testimony
upon those issues.
Mr. ORR. I renew my demand for the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The SPEAKER. The question is upon re-
ferring the memorial totheCommitteeofElections,
and that it be printed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask for a division
of the question. There is no necessity for pnnt-
ing.
The question then recurring first upon the refer-
ence, )t was taken, and decided in the affirmative.
So tiie memorial was refened to the Committee
of Elections.
Tiie question was then taken upon the printing,
and it was not agreed to.
Mr. KING, of New York. I have a bill which
has been before the Judiciary Committee for a
long time, and which the con\emence of suitors
in the city of New York requires should be passed.
It is one to which there can be no objection, and
[ ask the unanimous consent of the House to make
a renort of the bill with an amendment.
Mr. ORR objected.
Mr. KING. It is a bill to which there can be
no objection. It has been in my hands for some
six weeks, but the morning hour has been taken
up with business connected with the public lands.
I move to suspend the rules, for the purpose of
enabling me to introduce the bill.
Mr. ORR. I rise to a privileged motion. I
move that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. KING. I hope the House will fust pass
this bill. It will not take five minutes.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. I appeal to
the gentleman from South Carolina to withdraw
his motion and oliow this bill to be acted on.
Mr. ORR. 1 cannot do it.
Mr. SEYMOUR. The passage of this bill is
absolutely necessary for the progress of business
! in the courts.
i Mr. ORR. All the committees of this House
! have bills which they desire to submit, and if
| reports were called for regularly fur cne hour,
| they would all have an opportunity.
! The question was then taken on Mr. Orr s
! motion, and it was dccided in the negative ayes
I 51, noes 5*3.
i So the House refused to adjourn.
i Mr. KING. I believe my motion will come
i up the first thins on Monday next, and as it is not
■ probable a quorum can now be brought m, I will
j not ask the House to act on my motion nn«'.
1 Mr. STUART. Is not the Alabama land bill
! the first thing in order when the House proceeds
; to the call of committees?
! The SPEAKER. There are two such bills—
! the Alai'ama land bill, ami the North Carolina
1 land bill—the previous question being demanded
j in both cases but not ordered m either. 1 nose
il bills, therefore, take their places on tiie Speaker s
