THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
XXXVll
Mitchell's, and Leona to Centreville, being an ex-
tension of the route.
Prom Gentreville via Ilall's Bluffs to Crockett,
in Houston county.
From Huntsville to Mitchell's, in Walker
county, via Leona to Centreville, being an exten-
sion of the route.
Prom Lynchburg via prairies between San Ja-
cinto and Trinity, Washington crossings at the
Cushatta village near Smithfield to San Augustine.
From San Antonio, west bank of San Antonio
river via Goliad, Refugio, to Copano, in Refugio
county.
Prom Austin via Georgetown, Belton, Waco
village, Springfield, Fairfield, Palestine, Rusk,
Henderson, and Marshall to Shreveport, Lou-
isiana.
From McKinney to Sherman.
From McKinney through Alton to the county
seat of Tarrant county.
From Mount Vernon via Gluitman to Tyler, in
Smith county.
From Laredo via Roma and Rio Grande City
to Brownsville.
From Houston via Anderson,Boonville, Wheel-
oek, Marhn, and Waco to Corsicana.
From Brenham via Oakgrove, Stony Point,
Alexander, and Young's prairie to Austin.
From Washington to Cole Spring.
From Anahuac to Woodviile via Som Lake.
From Buena Vista to Mount Enterprise, Rusk
county, via Caledonia.
From Palestine to Magnolia.
From Houston to Hodges via Clear Lake and
J. Little's.
From Henderson to Gum Springs via Bunker
Hill and Jamestown.
From Livingston to Woodviile.
From New Orleans by sea to Sabine Pass, Texas.
From Sabine Pass to Wies's Bluff.
From Wies's Bluff to Nacogdoches.
IN CALIFORNIA.
From Santa Barbara to Los Angeles.
From San Pedro to Los Angeles.
From Sacramento City  daily, via Marysville,
Hamilton City, Chico, to Shasta City.
From Shasta City via Weaversville, weekly, to
Yreka, in Siskiyou county.
From Marysville, weekly, via Ophir, Bidwell's
bar, Bodley's Ranch, Onion Valley, to Nelson's
creek.
From Onion Valley, weekly, to Washington
and Seventy-six.
From Trinidad to Yreka via Tompkins's ferry,
Orleans bar, Happy Camp and Scott's bar.
From Vemcia to Knight's landing.
IN OREGON TERRITORY.
From Marysville to Youcalla.
From Oregon City via Molalla, Kalapooa, and
the forks of Willamette river to Pleasant Hill, in
Lane county.
From Marysville to King's valley, in Benton
county.
From Port Orford to Shasta Bute City.
From Gray's harbor, mouth of Chihalis river,
to Olympia.
From Astoria via a line running west to Hills-
borough, Washington county, Tualitin in said
county, North Yam Hill, at Smith's Bridge,
Steward's, Yam Hill county, South Yam Hill, in
said county, at Hampton's,Nesmith's Mills, Polk
county, King's valley in said county, Calapooe
Gap, Benton county, Youcalla, Ump'qua county,
Shasta Mines in said county, to Sacramento city,
in California.
From Portland City via Harris's ferry, Chehu-
Ian, in Yam Hill county, Lafayette in said county,
Forests in said county, Nathaniel Ford's Polk
county, H. Laville's Store in said county, Marys-
ville, Benton county, Skinner's in said county,
Toucalla, Umpqua county, Scottsville in said
county, Umpqua City to Gardiner, in Umpqua
county.
From Oregon City to Lafayette.
From Salem via Cincinnati, Polk county, Na-
thaniel Ford's toNesmith's Mills, in Polk county.
From San Francisco to the head of Puget's
Sound.
IN UTAH TERRITORY.
From Great Salt Lake City via American Fork,
Provo City, Springfield, Payson's Summit Creek,
Nephi City, Fillmore City, Red Creek, Parovan,
Johnson's Springs, and Cold Creek to Santa Clara,
in the Territory of Utah, and thence via San Ber-
nardino to San Diego, in California.
From Great Salt^Lake City to Tooele City, in
the county of Tooele, in the Territory of Utah.
IN NEW MEXICO.
From Gainesville, in Texas, via Fort Belknap
to Donand.
IN MINNESOTA TERRITORY.
From St. Paul via Redwing and Reed's Land-
ing, in Wabashaw county to Lansing, in the State
of Iowa.
From Decorrah via Brownsville, Montezuma,
and Minnesota City to Wabashaw.
From St. Paul via Decorrah and Elkader to
Dubuque, State of Iowa.
From St. Paul via Mendota, Shahcopee, Little
Rapids, Le Sueur, and Traverse des Sioux to
Mankato.
From St. Paul to Cannon river.
From St. Paul to Little Canada.
From Little Canada via White Bear Lake to
Stillwater.
From Little Canada to the Falls of St. Anthony.
From Fort SneNing to the Falls of St. Anthony.
From Fort Ripley to Crow Wing.
From Crow Wing via Cass Lake and Red Lake
to Pembina.
From Crow Wing via Sandy Lake to Fond du
Lac.
From Minnesota City to Traverse des Sioux.
From Dubuque, Iowa, to Mankato.
Sec 2. And be it further enacted, That the Post-
master General be, and he is hereby, authorized
to enter into a contract for the transportation of
the United States mail on board of the steam-ves-
sels which at present ply regularly between Bos-
ton, in the State of Massachusetts, and Halifax,
in Nova Scotia, upon such terms as may appear
to him reasonable: Provided, That the contracts
authorized by this section shall be let to the low-
est bidder according to the provisions of the ex-
isting laws: And provided further, That the amount
paid shall in no case exceed the amount of post-
age derived from the said mails.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That if any
person shall steal, purloin, embezzle, or obtain by
any false pretense, or shall aid or assist in steal-
ing, purloining, embezzling, or obtaining by any
false pretense, or shall knowingly and unlawfully
make, forge, or counterfeit, or cause to be unlaw-
fully made, forged, or counterfeited, or knowingly
aid or assist in falsely and unlawfully making,
forcing, or counterfeiting any key suited to any
lock which has been or shall be adopted for use by
the Post Office Department of the United States,
and which shall be in use on any of the mails or
mail bags of the said Post Office Department, or
shall have in his possession any such mail key
or any such mail lock, with the intent unlawfully
or improperly to use, sell, or otherwise dispose of
the same, or to cause the same to be unlawfully
or improperly used, sold, or otherwise disposed
of, or who being employed in the manufacture of
the locks or keys for the use of the said Post Of-
fice Department, whether as contractor or other-
wise, shall deliver or cause to be delivered any
finished or unfinished key or lock used or designed
by the said Post Office Department, or the interior
part of any such mail lock, to any person not duly
authorized under the hand of the Postmaster Gen-
eral of the United States and the seal of the said
Post Office Department to receive the same, (un-
less such person so receiving the same shall be the
contractor for furnishing such locks and keys, or
engaged in the manufacture thereof in the man-
ner authorized by the contract, or the agent for
such manufacturer,) such persons so offending
shall be deemed guilty of felony, and, on convic-
tion thereof, shall be imprisoned for a period not
exceeding ten years.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That if any
person shall steal, purloin, or embezzle any mail
bags in use by or belonging to the Post Office De-
partment of the United States, or any other prop-
erty in use by or belonging to the said Post Office
Department, or shall, for any lucre, gain, or con-
venience, appropriate any such property to his
own, or any other than its proper use, or for any
lucre or gain shall convey away any such prop-
erty to the hindrance or detriment of the public
service of the United States, the person so offend-
ing, his counsellors, aiders, and abettors (know-
ing of and privy to any offense aforesaid) shall, on
conviction thereof, if the value of such property
shall exceed twenty-five dollars, be deemed guilty
of felony, and shall be imprisoned for a period
not exceeding three years; or if the vaiue of such
property shall be less than twenty-five dollars,
shall be imprisoned not more than one year, or be
fined not less than ten dollars, nor more than two
hundred dollars for every such offense.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That no col-
lector or other officer of the customs shall permit
any ship or vessel arriving within any port or
collection district of the United States to make
entry or break bulk until all letters on board the
same shall be delivered into the post office at or
nearest said port or place, nor until the captain or
commander of such ship or vessel shall have signed
and sworn to a declaration before such collector or
officer of the customs, in the form and to the effect
following, that is to say: "LA B, commander
of the [state the name of the ship or vessel,] arriv-
ing from [state the place,] and now lying in the
port of [state the name of the port,] do, as required
by law, solemnly swear (or affirm as the case may
be) that I have, to the best of my knowledge or
belief, delivered, or caused to be delivered into the
post office at or nearest said port, every letter and
every bag, parcel, or package of letters that were
on board the [state the name of the ship or vessel]
during her last voyage, and that I have so deliv-
ered or caused to be delivered all such letters, bags,
parcels, and packages as were in my possession
or under my power or control." And the collect-
or, and every officer of the customs at every port,
without special instructions, and every special
agent of the Post Office Department, when in-
structed by the Postmaster General to make ex-
aminations and seizures, shall carefully search
every vessel for letters which maybe on board, or
have been carried or transported contrary to law,
and each and every of such officers and agents,
and every marshal of the United States and his
deputies, shall at all times have power to seize all
letters,and packages, and parcels containing letters
which shall have been sent or conveyed contrary
to law on board any ship or vessel, or on or over
any post route of the United States, and to convey
such letters to the nearest post office, or may, if
the Postmaster General and the Secretary of the
Treasury shall so direct, detain the said letters, or
any part thereof, until two months after the trial
and final determination of all suits and proceedings
which may at any time within six months after
such seizure be brought against any person for
sending, or carrying, or transporting any such
letter contrary to any provisions of any act of
Congress; and one half of any penalties that may
be recovered for the illegal sending, carrying, or
transportation of any such letters shall be paid to
the officer so seizing, and the other half to the use
of the Post Office Department; and every package
or parcel so seized, in which any letter shall be
concealed, shall be forfeited to the United States,
and the same proceedings may be had to enforce
such forfeiture as are authorized in respect to goods,
wares, and merchandise forfeited by reason of any
violation of the revenue laws of the United States;
and all laws for the benefit and protection of of-
ficers of the customs seizing goods, wares, or mer-
chandise for a violation of any revenue law of the
United States shall apply to the officers and agents
making seizures by virtue of this act.
Sec. 6. Andbe it further enacted, That the Post-
master General may from time to time, by and
j with the advice and consent of the President, make
: any arrangements which may be deemed just and
j expedient for allowirg the mails of Canada, or of
any other Province, State, or country adjoining
I the United States, to be carried or transported at
the expense of the Province, State, or country to
which such mails belong, over any part or portion
of the territory of the United States, from one
point in the Province, State, or country to which
such mails belong, to any other point in the same,
upon obtaining the same privileges for the trans-
portation of the mails of the United States through
the Province, State, or country to which such
privileges shall be granted: Provided, That such
privileges may at any time be annulled by the
President of the United States, or by joint resolu-
tion of the two Houses of Congress, from and
after the expiration of one month next succeeding
the day on which the notice of the act of the Pres-
ident or of the joint resolution of the two Houses
shall be given to the chief executive officer or head
