760
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 16,
table, and cannot be reached until the House goes
to the business on the Speaker's table. This mo-
tion to sfispend the rules, if not acted on now,
■will be the first business in order on Monday
next.
Mr. CHANDLER. It is evident there is not
a quorum present, and F hope the House will
therefore submit to a motion to adjourn. I make
that motion.
Mr. BR1GGS. I ask the gentleman to with-
draw the motion for one moment.
Mr. CHANDLER. Very well, sir.
On motion by Mr. BRIGGS, by unanimous
consent, it was ordered that Mr. Bissei.l be dis-
charged from further service on the committee of
conference upon the disagieement between the
Senate and House in reference to the bounty land
bill; and
The SPEAKER appointed Mr. Fitch to fill
the vacancy. j
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, by unanimous i
consent, presented joint resolutions of the Legis- j
lature of Mississippi, praying the reduction of the ,
price of land in theAugustannd Washington land ;
districts, and urging1 a grant of land for the New j
Orleans and Jackson railroad; which were sever- j
ally referred to the Committee on Public Lands, j
and ordered to be printed. i
On motion by Mr, ROBBINS, the House then •
adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c. |
The following petition-*, memorial-, &c . were presented i
under the rule, and reierred to Die appropicommittees: j
By Mr. OUTLAW: The petition 0 William Simmons,
William 15. Sheph,lid, and other citizens ot Noith Caio-
Jina, against the extension and lenewal of Wooiivvoith's j
patent. j
By Mr KUIINS: The petition of John Weir, jun., James 1
Hill, and lot other citizens ot Freeport, Aim-Uonsf county, j
Peimss. Ivama, praying Uongie-.s to provide r>> law tor the :
observance ot the sanctity ot tin; Lord's da\, by relea-ing
from official duties all persons in the employment or the '
Government in ca-es where the public safety does not re- ;
quire it—and pat tn-ulnrly in ie ard t<> the mail ^jvice
Also, the petition 01 Jam-'- Bed ami otner citizens of |
Pennsylvania, prawn;,' Congie.-s to sii-tam the Wheeling i
Bridge, and to prevent its de-fiuetion undoi the late decree
of the Supreme Conn o! the United Slates.
By Mr. BROWN. ot Miv-is-ippi : The petition ofD. M. j
Bean and 0* othei-, citizens oi Mis-is-ippi. piawng the 1
passage of a law piohibitmg the appointment of pk.ma.ls j
pos-tma-ters.
By Mr. KRENTON: The petition of John Portner and '
10U others, a.-king tin: establishment of a post route in No- 1
ble county, Indiana.
By Mr. FICKLlN : Tlu petition of Thomas Templeton j
and others, lor a mail route from Chaile->ton, Coles county, 1
via Lous Point to Tentopohs, m Kffingham county. " '
By Mi. GREEN: The memoiial 01 S. Spink, a-ssi-tant ;
matshal ol the county ol Wood, Ohio, asking additional I
compon-nuoii 'or taking the Seventh Census. j
By Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois : The remonstrance of !
B. II. Thomas and S)U other citizen- of Winnebago coimtv,
Illinois. :i ,tni*i a it'iinval ui ('. IJ. McCoimiek s patent
for a leaping mat lane 1
Al-o, the icinon-tianee of James V. Gale and -13 others, !
Citizens 01 count), IJhnoi-, again-t the lcncwal ot a 1
patent heretoloie yianteil toAu-tin and Zebulon i\nku,
ioi allr«"d impiovcment-on if action vvatct wheel-.
By Mr. DOTY : The petition ol C. J. Mai -h, Justus N.
Dart, and othej citizens ot Mawpjeite cou.itv, tor a m.itl
route fiom Montello hy Wc.-theld and King-bury Ferry, to
Reed'- Landing, on the Mi-sis-ippi. ,
By Mr. MI LLSON : The memoiril of Isaac V. Piatt and
97 othei citizen- of N01 iolk c ounty, Vngmia, remon-tiaring !
again-t the renewal of the Woodworth patent ;
By Mr. G AYLt )UD . Tile lnemonal u, f[. Dawes and 14.)
other citizen-ot Mciyau coiinn, Ohio, asking a giant ot 1
100,00) acre> of un-old publu- Ian Is w itlmi Oi:i >. to aid m i
the construction 01 a certain plank 01 McAdamized road.
A1 o, the petition ot Noah L. Wil-oii and other le-ident-
of Marietta, Ohio, a-kmg Congrc— to esUibh-h the bridges
Ot tfie Wheeling and Belmont Bridge Company as a pott
road, &c
By Mr. THURSTO V . The petition of Wiiham P. Dean, !
of Providencc. Rhode I.-land, lor commutation o' clothing
and ration;-- a< a recruiting M-igeant, lor tuo months -eivice 1
in Mexico, unclei the direction ui'Coiojtel Random and Lieu- '
tenant l)e Wolf-. ;
By Mt. EDGRRTOV : The petition of the heir-. ofLieu 1
tenant Francis Mamn, a-kmg reinuneiation toi ;o-se  sus-
tained 111 the revolutionaiy war, and for other claims. !
Al-o, the meinoiinl ol citizen-of MaumeeCm, Lucas :
Ohio, a^ing an appiopruition loi the improvement
of the Maumee river. ,
^V^'ntlie memoii;iS the assistant marshal ot Lucas '
and Williams:county, Ohio. a kuig additional compensation
for taking the ren-u-\
By Mr. CONGER: The petition of John Senter and 1
others, asking lor confirmation ot title to cei tain lands in the !
Lake ^upenor lamUhstnet. 1
By Mr. ROiiBINd : The petition of Mnthms Rusk, and
B5 others, cmzen, ot Muladelph.a county, in tavor of the
extension ot the Woodworth patent
Ai&n, the joint re.-olniio.is ot the fe is!ature of the State I
of Pennsy lvania, requesting their     and Renre^nt- !
atives Congre^ to n<e tliuir ««•„«,,„ !reun i  tl e 5 I
tVouuer ' °f " mvy'yari1' de')Gt' at,<1 diy-doek on the lake 1
By Mr. THOMAS M. HOWE: Sundry memorials from
citizens of Pennsylvania and Ohio, praying for an appro-
priation for the construction of a ship-canal around the
Kali-* of the river Ft Mane, Michigan.
By Mi FAULKNER: A memorial of sundry citizens
of the counties ot Berkley and Jefferson, State of V?ranna,
reinon&tiati'ijr against any further extension of Zebulon
Paiker's reaction water-wheel patent.
Al-o, a petition of sundry citizens of the county of Fred-
erick, State of Virginia, praying for an extension ot Che
Woodworth patent.
By Mr. HARPER: The remonstrance of Thomas J.
Langley and 240 o;1ht legal voters of Guernsey county,
Ohio, ptaying that the bridges of the Wheeling and liel-
mont Brid-je'Company may he established as post roadrf,
and permitted to remain at their present height.
By Mr. HENN: The peDtion of Jacob B. Spragne and
80 other5, citizens ot Wapello county, Iowa, asking a
giant of land to aid in the construction of a railroad fiom
Burlington to the Missouri river.
Al-o. proceedings of a railroad convention held at Gut-
tenhurjrh, Iowa, on the 23d and 21th days of t'ebi uary, 183.
ANo, procecfiuurs of a railroad meeting held at Dubuque,
Iowa, on the 25th February, 185-7.
Also, the petition of John N. Newcomb, ot Lee county,
Iowa, deputy United States marshal, asking additional
compensation lor taking the Seven'h Ceu-us.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, March ](>, 1852.
Prayer by the Rev. Littleton F. Morgan".
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT protem. laid before the Sen-
ate a letter from the Commissioner of Patents,
communicating that portion of the report of the
proceedings of his office for the year 1853 which
relates to arts and manufactutes; which was redd,
and ordered to be referred to the Committee on
Printing;.
The PRESIDENT jwo (cm. laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretary of War, communi-
cating, in compliance with a resolution ol the Senate,
a report, of the survey, estimates, &c., of a route
i from St. Louis to the Big Bend of the Red river,
made by direction of the Topogiaplueai Bureau,
by Joshua Barney; which was read, and ordered
to be printed.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. FOOT presented the petition of Sarah
Smith, widow of Alba C. Smith, a soldier in the
Army, praying a pension; which was referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. GW1N presented the memorial of Maria
C. G. Johnson, widow of James Johnson, pray-
ing indemnity for losses sustained during the late
war with Mexico; which was referred to the Com-
mit tee of Claims.
Also, the memorial of David W. Alexander,
asking to be reimbursed for losses sustained by
him during the late war with Mexico; which was
referred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. RUSK presented the petition of Richard
Eaton, praying a pension, in consideration of in-
juries received in the military service during the
Flonda war; which was referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
Mr. CHASE. Mr. President, I ask leave to
present to the Senate the remonstrance of a large
number of the members of the House of Repre-
sentatives of the State of Ohio, against the exten-
sion of the Woodworth patent. The gentleman
who sends that remonstrance to me states, that it
expresses the opinions of a large majority of the
people of the State of Ohio, if not their unanimous
opinion, and that the signatures to this remon-
strance embraced all the members now present at
the capital of my State. I beg leave, therefore, to
recommend it to the earnest attention of the Com-
mittee on Patents and the Patent Oifiee, to which
committee I ask that it may be referred.
It was so referred.
Mr. HALE, i ha ve received, and been re-
quested to present to the Senate, the petition of
citizens of Washington county, Illinois, praying
Congress to pass a law releasing all the employees
of the Government of" the United States from any
obligation to work on the Sabbath, or Lord's day;
and also to restrain them by penal laws from so
doing. I do not know to what committee this
should be appropriately referred, and therefore I
ask that it may be laid on the table at present.
It v/as laid on the table accordingly.
Mr. HALE presented the petition of Sarah F.
Go-well, widow of a soldier in the last war with
Great Britain, praying a pension; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. SHIELDS presented the petition of Wil-
liam Smith, praying bounty land for services as a
soldier in the Florida war; which was referred to
the Commitiee on Public Lands.
Mr. SOULE p>esenled a resolution of the Le-
gislature of Louisiana, in favor of the establish-
ment of a mail route from the mouth of Red river
to Natchitoches; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. CLARKE, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Catharine G. Finney, for
herself and otheis, heirs o( officer- ami soldiers of the
Rhode I-Jand bngadc,on the flies of tire Senate, be referred
to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
On motion by Mr. FOOT, it was
Ordered, Thai the documents, on the files of the Senate,
relating to the claim of John Newton, be referred to the
Committee on Publu- Lr.nd-.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.5^
Mr. RUSK, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to which was referred the
memorial cf John J. Sykes, praying a compensa-
tion for services pei formed under an appointment
from a special agent of the Post Offi.e Depart-
ment, submitted a i eport, accompanted by a bill
for his relief, which was read and passed to the
second reading. The report was ordered to be
printed.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the memorial of the legal representa-
tives of Wade Alien, submitted a report, accom-
panied by a bill for their relief; which was read
and passed to the second reading. The report
was ordered to be printed.
: He also, from the same committee, to which
j was referred the petition of J. B. Amos, praying
I compensation for losses sustained by him on ac-
| count of the establishment of a new mail route,
submitted an adverse report; which was ordered
to be printed.
Mr. GW1N, from the Committee on Naval
Aifairs, to which was referred the petition of
Win. P. J. Sanger, submitted a report, accom-
panied by a bill for his relief; which was read, and
passed to the second reading. The report was
ordered to he printed.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was refened the petition of Richard W. Meade,
submitted a report, accompanied by a hill for his
relief; which was read, and passed to the second
reading. The report was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the memorial of James D. Johnson,
submitted an adverse report; which was ordered
to be printed.
Mr. PRATT, from the Committee of Claims,
to which w.ts refened the petition of thelescal rep-
resentatives of the late Captain William G. Wil-
liams, submitted a report, accompanied by a bill
for their lehef; which was read, and passed to the
second reading. The report was oidered to be
printed.
Mr. STOCKTON, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, which was instructed to inquire
into the subject, reported a bill for the relief of
Charles G. 'Hunter; which was read, and passed
to the second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to which
the subject was referred, reported a joint resolu-
tion for the building of a war-steamer for harbor
defense; which was read, and passed to the second
reading.
He also submitted a report on the subject;
which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. FELCH, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to which was referred the memorial of the
California Settlers and Miners' State Convention,
asked to be discharged from the further consider-
ation thereof; which was agreed to, inasmuch as
a bill had been reported on the subject.
MILITARY RECONNOISS ANCJ3.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, submitted the following
resolution for consideiatton; which was ordered
to be referred to the Committee on Printing:
Resolved, That five thou-and copies of a journal of a
military reconnoi^ance from Santa Fe, New Mexico, to
the Navajo country, made with the troops under command
of Brevet Lieutenant Colonel John M. Wa-hmsrton, Chief
of the Ninth Military Depaitment, and Governor of New
Mexico, in 1819, by James H. Simpson, A. M , Fir-t Lieu-
tenant coips of Topographical Engineers, be printed for
the use of the Senate.
CHESAPEAKE AND OHTO CANAL.
Mr. PRATT submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was agreed to:
