1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
16/3
establishes mail routes. I know that in my dis-
trict there were established three routes over the
same legion of country, and a portion of the way
they were the very identical routes by different
names, and the Postmaster General advertised
three distinct routes. The consequence was, that
they could not get either put in operation. I spent
three months in correspondence with the people at
home, and in making applications to the Post Of-
fice Depaitment iieie, before i could.get the thing
into shape, and before I could get mail service
upon it, and itwas only a horseback mail at ihat.
Mr. OIaR. Will my ftiend from Michigan
[.Mr. Stuart] allow an interruption ? I agree with
him in the view that no evil would grow out of
this amendment, so far as putting service upon
the road is concerned. There is another question
which strikes me, and it has struck me for the
first time this morning. I think there is a good
deal of consequence to be attached to it, and the
House ought to understand it before voting. If
Congress passes this amendment, that every
public highway in the United States shall be de-
clared a post route, I desire to inquire of the gen-
tleman if that act of Congress would not prohibit
your county commissioners, and the commission-
ers of public roads, from ever closing up any public
highway that may be in existence at the present
time r
Mr. STUART. 1 have no difficulty whatever
in answering that question. I have no hesitation
in s vying that the local authorities would not pos-
sess the power of closing up a mail route abso-
lutely.
Mr. ORR. Suppose there is no service upon
it, it is de< la red a post route.
Mr. STUART. I undertake to say that the
establishment of it as a post road, without putting
any service upon it, would not interfere with the
right of the States. The difficulty consists in the
State inteifering so as to prevent the passage of
the United States mail. That they cannot do.
This power in the Constitution to establish post
offices and roads is a power paramount to all State
authority. No Srate authority can interfere with
Congi ess in establishing a post road, and putting
mail service upon it, so as to prevent the transmis-
sion of the United States mail over that road.
That is a very clear proposition; I take it from the
Constitution itself. If there were no mail service
upon the road, there would be no such constitu-
tional objections at ail. The practical effect of it
is this: It is an everyday occurrence in a new
State to alter a highway, which is a post road,
declared to be so by the Congress of the United
States, and the commissioners of highways are
applied to take up a portion of that road and
change it so as to carry it half a mile or a mile
around to get around somebody's farm. Jf they
think the local interests there require it they make
the change: but that does not prevent the trars-
mission of the United States mail. It only makes
it necessary, having changed the route, that you
shall go half a mile or a mile further to carry it.
That is the practical effect of U.
Mr. OLDS. Will the gentleman allow me to
make a single suggestion? The laws establishing
post routes do not'fix the road the whole distance,
but merdy establishes certain points on the roads.
Betv, een these points the road may be changed, as
a matter of course, and the termini are always the
same.
Mr. STUART. Precisely so. The route, to
illustrate, may run from Kalamazoo to Paw-Paw
and St. Joseph's, taking three places in my ais-
trict. How'does it run ? It runs upon the most
direct public road. You can change it, but I take
it that nobody would think of so taking up the
public highw-iy that you cannot get into Kalama-
zoo. Would any one think of taking up al! the
public thoroughfares leading into the city of New
Yoik, so that'no one eouid travel in them? The
particular points on a route, it is true, are fixed.
The effect of making every public highway a mail
route is the one to which I alluded yesterday—
and that is this. In the old States it would be of
no consequence, but in the new States it frequently
happens that there is a change of business. A
little village springs up m the first place when a
county is first settied, and twenty or thirty iut3i-
viduais get in there, and Congress makes a post
road. Perhaps in two years the business of that
county is entirely changed, and it has gone off six,
eight, or ten miles east, west, north, or south, and
they desire a change of the mail. Almost all the
inhabitants of the county petition for it. But the
Postmaster General tells you that he cannot direct
the contractor to go to your new grown-up village,
because there is not a post road there. What
then? You must apply to Congress to make a
new post road, running across an angle of four or
five miles, and then the Postmaster General can
do an act which the convenience of the people
imperatively demands, and he cannot do )t until
then. The effect of my amendment will be to gi\e
him the power, whenever the public or local inter-
est would be subserved by it, to change the route.
I undertake to say that tins convenient, practical
result would be reached bjrthe adoption of the
amendment.
Mr. SACKETT. With the consent of the
House I will present one or two practical objec-
tions to tliis plan, and one is a constitutional ques-
tion. I am not so certain that the measure may
be constitutional. 1 suggest this difficulty. By
the Constitution we are to establish offices and
roads. We are to declare what shall be a post
road, not depending upon any condition or upon
the legislation of the States—not to be destroyed
or made effectual by the legislation of any other
power. We are to establish a post road. Now, is
it an execution of the provision of the Constitu-
tion to declare that to be a post road which de-
pends upon the legislation of the States to
make it such? I question whether that is an
execution of the constitutional provision in re-
gaid to the establishment of post toads. I have
another objection, and I ask the attention of the
mover of this amendment to this subject, because
1 think it is a pretty serious question. 11 is a great
difficulty in the way of this amendment. There
are roads across navigable streams—strums that
under the amendment would be post roads, and
by the decision of the Supreme Court in the
Wheeling beride case, they being made post roads,
may be made the lawtul means of bridging
streams to the great injury of commerce. Js it
intended by this provision that roads and bridges
may be made acioss the Ohio, Mississippi, and
other rivers? Ifany of these consequences may fol-
low, I am opposed to it. 1 raise these as objections
^—objections which would be sure to be made in
case of an application to Congress, and which there
would be power in Congress to meet. It seems
to me that these two objections ought to be fatal
to the amendment. There are some other objec-
tions.
Now, the Postmaster General has the power of
establishing post offices in the United States. This
places beyond the reach of Congress any limita-
tion upon that power. There are some 20,000
post offices already, and if every road in the Uni-
ted States is to be a post road, we shall see appli-
cations for new offices multiplied, and the Post
Office Department will be swamped and bank-
rupted by post routes which Congress never would
establish. Would it be a fair execution of the
commercial power for the improvement of rivers
and harbors, to give the Treasurer of the United
States the power of expending a ceitain sum of
money upon every harbor, that the Legislature
of a State shall declare to be a harbor? That is
precisely a parallel case. Would that be a fair
execution of the power of Congress upon that
subject? The Congress of the United States has
a right to support armies. Would it be a fair ex-
ecution of the power of Congress upon that sub-
ject to lend its support to such an army as a State
by their Legislature should declare to be an army,
and making that support dependent upon the
legislation of a State? I think not. So it is with
all the powers of Congress over the rights dele-
gated to it. It would not be a proper and legiti-
mate execution of these powers to make their ex-
ecution depend upon other legislation than our
own. 1 think, inasmuch as the Constitution of
the country has devolved this power over post
roads upon Congress, they should exercise it as
they would exercise the other powers of Con-
gress. When a case is presented justifying the
execution of power, then they should execute it,
but not in so general terms as not to know whether
it is a necessary execution of power or not. I
am for the execution of power whenever it is
necessary and proper—this is our Jury. But until
it is necessary to be executed, it is our duty to
: refrain from executing it. For these reasons I
| object to this general provision.
Mr. CtfBB. 1 suppose we have heard quite
enough to satisfy the House how we should vote
upon this question. -And f think'the best speech
I can make is to call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered to be put.
The question being on the amendment df Mr.
Stuart,
Mr. SMART demanded the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
Mr. OLDS. I have the right, I believe, to
say a few words.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has.
Mr. OLDS. I do not propose to* detain the
House te'n minutes upon this subject. I am op-
posed to the amendment proposed by the gentle-
man from Michigan, [Mr. Stuart,] and I shall
state my reasons for that opposition very briefly
indeed. The Constitution confers upon Congiess
the power to establish post offices and post routes.
You have given, by the law of Congress, power to
the Postmaster General to put service upon a mail
route after it has been established bv Congiess, or
to withhold that service. Now then, sir, our
Government is a government of checks and bal-
ances, and here you have the check by Congress
upon the Post Office Department, and the check
of the Post Office Department upon Congress. I
purpose to advert.for a single moment to tlfe state-
ment made by the gentleman from Michigan,
[Mi. Stuart,] that all applications to Congress
are granted. Now, sir, it may be true, or it may
not be true. What is the process by which you
obtain a post road? A member of Congiess pre-
sents a petition, which is referred" to the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads. It does
not follow as a matter of course that the petition
is granted.
But the gentleman from Michigan says that the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads report
favorably upon the petitions. Now, what* is the
process ? In all cases they place the responsibility
upon the member presenting the petition. They
suppose, as a matter of course, that being ac-
quainted with the locality he knows the necessity
for mail service or mail routes; and in all cases
the question is put to him, " will you take the
responsibility of the establishment of the post
route.'" But, sir, he may for partisan purposes,
or for the sake of his own popularity perhaps, in-
duce the establishment of a post road where ser-
vice is not necessary. There is then a check
upon that. Where? Why, in the Post Office De-
partment. The Postmaster General can withhold
the service. He is, therefore, a cheek upon the
| member of Congress. But suppose you declare
> all roads post routes,and then leave the powerdis-
1 cretionary with the Postmaster General, there is
i no check upon him at all. Suppose he thinks fit
I to make his Departmentanefectioneeringmachme,
! and, holds out inducements all over the country,
j that he is willing to put service on every road for
! the purpose of increasing the power of Jus party,
! you have no check upon him. As it is now,
| Congress ha.'? a check upon the Department, and
j the Derailment has a check upon Congress.
i Then, sir, you will have no check upon his ex-
| penditure. Suppose he chooses to make his De-
j partment an electioneering machine, and he does
■ really put service upon all these roads in the coun-
! try. where is the limitation to his power? Where is
| the check to the expenditure he may think proper
I to make? But now you have a check upon that
, in the Congress of the United States. It appears
| to me, sir, that what { have said m regard to this
. fact is sufficient to prevent this Congress from
! granting away thus indiscriminately this power.
; Why, sir, this is not a new move in Congress.
; For the last fifty vears they have been making
; just such moves as this. It was made during the
] last Congress, and for the reasons I have assigned,
j was voted down; and I hope it will he voted down
I in every succeeding Congress. I trust this amend-
> ment will not be agreed to.
! Mr. ORR. Before tne gentleman concludes I
! would like to inquire of him if lie has directed his
i attention to the point I suggested to the gentleman
' from Michigan? [Mr, Stuart.] I do not think
i the gentleman from Michigan answered that sug-
! gestion. This question is a new one to me, cer-
! tainly. 1 am satisfied from the little reflection I
! have been able to give to u, that should Congress
] pass this amendment, and declare all the existing
highways post routes, you would thereby take
