1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
761
Resolved, That the Secretaiy of War be directed to have
prepared und coinmunu-aN-'d to the Senate, an connate of
the eo-t ot con-<tiuetins a bwn at the terminus of the
Chor-apeake and Ohio Canal at Rock Creek, s>utncient to
accommodate the tiadu of t >e canal at that point.
EXTENSION OF THE CAPITOL.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
joint resolution to authorize the continuance of
the work upon the two wings of the Capitol, with
the amendment of the House of Representatives
thereto, and it was
Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee on Public
Buildings.
Mr. BORLAND submitted the following; reso-
lution for consideration; which was agreed to:
Resolrcd, That the Committee on Public Buildings of
the Sonau;, be instiucted to make a thorough examination
of the woik thu- far execuied on the extension oi the Cap-
itol: l.-t. A- to the uniioiimty of the strata upon w'hicli
the walls ret-'t. 2d. As to the quality and the dimensions ot
th<* stone, and quality of the morUr u->ed. 3d As to the
character of the woik, tfie mode of its construction, and its
powei ot resistance. 4th. A-> to every other matter and
thing connected therewith as may, m their opinion, affect
the stability and permanency ot the whole fctruetuie. And
the committee are heieby empowered to bnnji to their aid,
in the loiegomg examination, t-uch of the United States
Topographical Engineers, and other competent per ou& as
they may think pioper.
WILLIAM A. CHRISTIAN.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the en-
grossed bill for the relief of William A. Christian,
the vote on the passage of which was reconsidered
yesterday, on the motion of Mr. Ohvm.
Mr. GrYVJN. I move to strike out the sum of
$2,463 74 mentioned in the bill and insert §1,584 78.
The committee t<;ok ihe bill which was originally
introduced at a previous session and which passed
the Senate before. They were not aware, at the
time they reported this bill, that another bill had
been passed into a law, covering the amount which
it is now proposed to deduct. The amendment is
simply to reduce the amount by taking from it
that which has already been paid.
Mr. CADGER. And it ought to be mentioned,
in honor of the gentleman for whose benefit the
bill passed, that he himself first discovered the
mistake in the amount. Being aware of the fact
that a portion of the claim had been previously
provided for, he gave notice of that fact to the
committee, in order that the amount might be re-
duced to a proper sum.
The amendment was agreed to, and the bill was
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The PRESIDENT announced that the hour
had arrived for the consideration of the special
order, which was the bill granting the right of way
and making a grant of land to the State of Iowa
in aid of the construction of certain railroads in
said State.
Mr. BRADBURY. I desire to ask that the
special order be postponed for two or three min-
utes, for the purpose of taking up the bill reported
by the Committee on the Judiciary providing for
the purchase of the ninth volume of the laws of
the United States. I make the request for this
reason: Several members of the House of Repre-
sentatives have applied to me, saying that they
are without this volume of the laws, which it is
very essential that they should have. It is in ac-
cordance with the request of the Secretary of State
that he be authorized to purchase one tiiou&and
copies of this volume, to be distributed in the man-
ner provided for by the act for the distribution of
the previous \olumes. I hope there will be no
objection to this course.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I am obliged to object.
I hope gentlemen will go on with our Iowa bill.
If we ran pass that in a reasonable tune, then we
can take up the bill of the Senator from Matne.
Mr. BR\DBURY. The bill which I wish to
have taken up wdl not occupy more than two
minutes. I would not ask this but for the fact
that I have been pressed by members oftheHouse,
who say that it is essential that they shouldykfe
furnished with this volume.
The motion to postpone was not agreed
RAILROADS IN IOWA
The Senate resumed, as in Committee of the
Whole, the consideration of the bill granting the
right of way and making a grant of land to the
State of Iowa in aid of the construction of certain
railroads m said State, the pending question being
on the amendment of Mr. Underwood.
Mr. UNDERWOOD called for the yeas and
nays on his amendment; and they were ordered.
I Mr. SUMNER. Much time has been con-
: sutned by this question. At several periods the
debate has seemed about to stop, and then again it
has taken a new spring, while the goal has con-
stantly receded. 1 know not if it is now near the
end. But I hope that I shall not seem to interfere
with its natural course, or unduly occupy the time
of the Senate, if I venture again for one moment
to take part m it.
The argument which I submitted on a former
occasion has not passed unregarded. And since
it can owe little to my individual position, 1 accept
the opposition it has encountered as a tribute to its
intrinsic, imooitance. it has been assailed by dif-
ferent Senators on different days and in different
ways. It has been met by harmless pleasantry,
and by equally harmless vituperation; by figures
of rhetoric and figuiesof arithmetic; by minute
criticism and extended discussion; also, by that
sure resource of a weak cause, hard words and an
imputation of personal motives. I do not now
propose to reply to all this array: least of all shall
I retort the hard words or repel the personal im-
putation. On this head I content myself now with
saying—and confidently, too—that, had he known
me better, the Senator fiom Kentucky, [Mr. Un-
derwood,] who is usually so moderate and care-
ful, would have hesitated long before uttering ex-
pressions which fell from him in this debate.
The position I took was regarded as natural or
excusable in a Senator from one of the land States,
acting under the vulgar spur of local interest; but
it was pronounced unnatural and inexcusable in a
Senator from Massachusetts. Now, sir, it is suf-
ficient for me to say, in reply to this suggestion,
that, while 1 know there aie influences and biases
incident to particular States or sections of the
Union, I recognize no difference m the duties of
Senators on this floor. Coming from different
States and opposite sections, we are all Senators
of the Union; and our constant duty is, without
fear or favor, to introduce into the national legis-
lation the principle of justice. In this spirit, while
sustaining the bilj now before the Senate, I spoke
for justice to the land States.
In sustaining this bill, 1 but followed the ex-
ample of the Senators and Repiesentatives of
Massachusetts on kindred measures from their
earliest introduction down to the present time.
The first instance was in 1823, on the grant to the
State of Ohio of land one hundred and twenty-five
feet wide, with one mile on each side, for the con-
struction of a road from the lower rapids of the
Miami river to the western boundary of the Con-
■ necticut Reserve. On the final passage of this
grant in the House, the Massachusetts delegation
: voted as follows: Yeas—Samuel C. Allen, tiemy
; W. Dwight, Timothy Fuller, Jeremiah Nelson,
I John Reed, Jonathan Russell. Nay—Benjamin
; Gorham. In the Senate, the bill passed without
! a division, fn J828 a still greater unanimity oe-
! curred on the passage of the bill to aid the State
of Ohio in extending the Miami canal from Dayton
to Lake Erie; and this bill is the first instance of
the grant of alternate sections, as in that now be-
fore the Senate. On this the Massachusetts del-
egation in the House voted as follows: Yeas—
Isaac C. Bates, Benjamin VV. Crowniushield,
John Davis, Edward Everett, John Locke, John
Reed, Joseph Richfudson, John Varnum. Nays
—none. In the Senate, Messrs Silsbee and
Webster both voted m the affirmative. I pass
over the intermediate grants which, as 1 am told,
have been sustained by the Massachusetts delega- '|
tion with substantial unanimity. The extensive':
grants at the last session of Oons;re^s to Illinois, \
Mississippi, and Alabama, in aid of a railroad I
from Chicago to Mobile, were sustained by all 1
the Massachusetts votes in the House, except
one. |
Stili further, in sustaining the present bill on j
grounds of justice to the land Slates, I but followed ■
■ the recorded instructions of the Legislature of Mas- j
sachusetts, addressed to its Senators and Repre-
i sentatives here on a former occasion. The sub- ■
ject was presented in a special message to the Le-
; gislature m 1841, by the distinguished Governor i
• at that time, who strongly urged " a liberal policy
' towards the actual settler, and towards the new ;
' Statest for this is justly due to both.'" And he 1
added: " Such States are entitled to a more liberal ;
' share of the proceeds of the public lands than the ,
i ' old States, as we owe to their emei piise much of 1
I i the value this property has accjuiied. It seems to '
'me, therefore, that justice towards the Slates in which
' these lands lie, demands a liberal and generous policy
' towards than.55 In accordance with this recom-
mendation, it was resolved by the Legislature,
"That m the disposition of the public lands, this
Commonwealth approws of making liberal provisions
s inftiior <f the new States; and that she ever has
'been, and still is, ready to cooperate with other
' portions of the Union in securing to those States
4such provisions." Thus a generous policy to-
wards the land States, with liberal provisions m
their favor, was considered by Massachusetts the
part of justice.
It was my purpose,before this debate closed, to
consider again the argument I formerly submitted,
and to vindicate its accuracy in all respects, both
in principle and in detail. But this has already
been so amply done by others so much abler than
myself—by the Senator from Missouri, [Mr.
Geyer,] both the Senatois from Michigan, [Mr.
Felch and Mr. Cass,] the Senator from Arkan-
sas, [Mr. Borla\~d,J the Senator from Iowa, [Mr.
Dodge,] and the Senator from Louisiana, [Mr.
Downs]—all of whom, with different degrees of
fullness, have urged the same grounds in favor of
this bill, that I feel unwilling at this hour, and
while tlie Senate actually waits to vote on the
question, to occupy time by further dwelling upon
it. Perhaps on some other occasion I may think
proper to return to it.
But, while avoiding what seems superfluous dis-
cussion, I cannot forbear to ask your attention to
the amendment of the Senator from Kentucky,
[Mr. Underwood.]
This amendment, when addressed to the Sena-
tors of the favoied States, is of a most plausible
character. It proposes to give to the original
thirteen States, together with Vermont, Maine,
Tennessee, and Kentucky, for purposes of educa-
tion and internal improvement, portions of the
public domain, at the rate of one acre to each in-
habitant, according to the recent census. This is
commended by the declared object—education and
internal improvement. Still further, in its dis-
crimination of the old States, it assumes a guise
well calculated lo tempt them to its support. It
holds out the attraction of seeming, though un-
substantial, self-interest. It offers a lure, a bait
to be unjust. I object to it on several grounds:
1. But I put it in the fore-front, as my first ob-
jection, its clear, indubitable, and radical injustice,
written on its very face. The amendment con-
fines its donations to the old States; and, in vso
doing, makes an inequitable discrimination in
their favor. It tacitly assumes that by tlie bill in
question, or in some other way, tlie land States
have received their proper distributive portion, so
as to lose all title to share with the old States in
the proposed distribution. But if there be any
force m the argument, so much considered in this
debate, that these railroad grants actually enhance
the neighboring lands of the United States, and
constitute a proper mode of bringing them into
the market, or if there be any force in the other
argument which I have presented, drawn from the
equitable claims of the land States, in comparison
with the oj,her States, to the bounty of the great
untaxed proprietor, then this assumption is un-
founded. There is no basis for the discrimina-
tion made by the amendment. If the Iowa land
bill be proper to be passed without this amend-
ment, as I submit it is, then this amendment, in-
troducing a new discrimination, is improper to be
added to it. Nordo I well see how any one, pre-
pared to sustain the original bill, can^sustain this
amendment. The Senator from Kentucky, who
leads us to expect his vote for the bill, seems to
confess the injustice of his attempted addition.
2. I object to it as out of place. The amend-
ment proposes to ingraft upon a special railroad
giant to a sinsle State a no\el system of distribu-
tion of the national domain. Now, there is a
place and a time for all things: and nothing seems
to me more important m legislation than to keep
all things in their proper place, and to treat them
at their proper time. Tlie distribution of the pub-
lic lands is worthy of attention; and I am ready to
meet this great question "whenever it arises legid-
matelyforour consideration; but I object to con-
sidering it meiely as a lider to the Iowa land bill.
The amendment would be less ohjeetionableif
proposed as a rider to a general system of rail-
road grants, as for instance to a bill embracing
granU to all the laud States; but it is specially ob-
