1674
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 7,
from the county commissioners and from the State
authorities, ali control over every road in the
United States. I desire to inquire of the gentle-
man if he has directed his attention to that point?
Mr. OLDS. The gentleman from Michigan
said, in reply to that inquiry, that they would have
no more power than they have now, because, he
says, when you make post routes now the county
commissioners may change the location of the
road. Now, that does not at all meet the question
raised by the gentleman from South Carolina,
[Mr. Orr,] which appears to be a very valid one.
Now, you establish a post route, but not over a
particular road, and it does not prevent the change
of that road. You establish certain points upon
that route; those points must be adhered to, but
the road may be changed between those points.
But suppose you make a particular road a post
route, can you change it then? Under the exist-
ing laws you can, because you designate the
points; but you permit a change of the loads. If
you fix the roads, then you leave the State author-
ities, or the county commissioners, no authority
at all to change that route.
Mr. LETCHER. Before the gentleman con-
cludes, I would wish to address an inquiry to him.
I understand that this joint resolution proposes to
declare ali plank roads post routes, and that you
object to this amendment because it proposes to
make roads which are npt plank roads post routes.
What I want to know is the difference in principle
between plank roads and other roads?
Mr. OLDS. My answer is simply this: It ap-
pears to me to be plain, that where you make a
plank road the same as where you make a rail-
road, it becomes a public thoroughfare—a perma-
nent public thoroughfare. You do not alter a rail-
road between the postal points, and so with a plank
road. It therefore becomes a great public thor-
oughfare, and there is no danger in permitting the
Post Office Department to put on service. They
will have no power to make an electioneering
scheme by putting mail service on roads of infe-
rior importance, and which are not general thor-
oughfares.
Sir. LETCHER. Another inquiry I should
like to address to the gentleman. The principle
now is, that these plank roads are general thorough-
fares. Now, dirt turnpikes are also general thor-
oughfares, throughout my part of the country at
least, to a much greater extent than plank roads.
Why does not the gentleman propose to make
dirt turnpikes—which are the thoroughfares of
the larger portion of the Union—mail routes, as
well as plank roads, which are general in the
Northern country?
Mr. OLDS. 1 should like to know if there are
any of those turnpikes in the gentleman's country
which are not mail routes>
Mr. LETCHER. Yes, sir, there are.
Mr. OLDS. Then you can make application j
to Congress to have them made mail routes.
Mr. STUART. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Olds] one or two questions. I
wish to test these constitutional arguments, as ap-
plied to this question, which I shall do in a very
few words. It is said, if you establish a post road
over a public highway, that you take from the
State all authority to change it. Now, sir, here
is a bill making ali plank roads in the United
States post routes. By an existing law, every
railroad in the United States is a post road; and in
many of the States, the Legislatures have retained
the power to repeal the charters of those railroads
whenever they please. Now, will any gentleman
rise here and tell me, that by the passage of this
joint resolution making these plank roads post
roads, you will take from the Legislatures of the j
States the power to repeal ? If not, then you will !
not, by the adoption of my amendment declaring i
public highways post routes, take from the States -
the power to change those routes, through their i
constituted authorities, as will best subserve the '
public interests. ,
Mr. MILLSON. I imagine there is little diffi- I
culty in knowing what a railroad is, and as little
difficulty in knowing what a plank road is. But
let me suggest to the gentleman that there may be
very great difficulty in understanding what a pub-
lic highway is. Sir, it is a matter sometimes of
protracted litigation to ascertain what is a public
highway. Sometimes the use of a road for twenty
^ears is regarded as evidence of a prior dedica-
tion. The owner of a road is sometimes pre-
sumed to have made a grant to the public after an
uninterrupted use of twenty years. 1 ask the
gentleman if the Postmaster General is to be au-
thorized to determine auch htigatedquestions,and
decide for himself when a road may have been
dedicated by the proprietors to the use of the pub-
lic, so that it becomes a public highway ?
Mr. STUART. I find no difficulty at all in
answering that question. The Postmaster Gen-
eral advertises for mail service from one point to
another—to take, as an illustration, to carry the
mail from the county seat of one county to the
county seat of another, and so on ad infinitum.
Now, sir, there can be no objection raised that
there is no post route between these two places.
There can be no objection to his letting the ser-
vice because all the public highways are post
routes. Now, the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Millson] inquires, Will there not be a difficulty,
and will not the Postmaster General be called
upon to determine what is a public highway ?
Not at all, sir. He advertises for service between
each particular point, and the mail contractors go
on to execute that service under his contract. But
the parties are litigating to see whether it is a
public highway. Suppose they determine it is
not 
Mr. SMART. I wish to inquire if the pre-
vious question has not been ordered?
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. STUART. I was speaking by the leave
: of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Olds.J
Mr. SMART. I understood the gentleman
from Ohio to have yielded the floor entirely.
Mr. STUART. I am not speaking to gratify
myself at all, and I am perfectly willing, if the
House desire it, to stop at once.
Mr. S&CKETT. I move to lay the whole
subject upon the table.
A Member. Oh, no ! that will carry the joint
resolution as well as the amendment.
. Mr. SACKETT. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. LETCHER. I renew the motion to lay
the whole subject upon the table. The resolution
ought to be defeated.
The question was then taken upon the motion,
and it was decided m the negative.
So the House refused to lay the joint resolution
upon the table.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to ask the
gentleman from Ohio, the chairman of the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads, if the
passage of this resolution, in his estimation, will
suspersede the necessity of hereafter passing post
route bills r
Mr. OLDS. I am utterly unable to answer that 1
question, for I do not know what construction the i
courts of the United Stales or the Departments !
may put upon the amendment of the gentleman i
from Michigan, if all the roads now in existence, |
and all that may hereafter be made, are made post |
routes, I do not think Congress will have anything j
more to do. :
The CHAIRMAN. The question is upon the '
adoption of the amendment. The yeas and nays 1
have been ordeied. '
The question was then taken upon agreeing to j
Mr. Stuart's amendment, declaring all highways ;
post r6utes; and it was decided in the negative— I
yeas 65, nays 100; as follows: !
YEAS—Messrs. Abercrombte, William Appleton, Ashe,.,
David J. Bauey, Bennett, Bibighaus, Bissell, Bowie, John
H. Boyd, Btenton, Bnggs, Bucil, Burrows, E. Carnngton 1
Cabell, Caldwell, LcwuD. Campbell,Thompson CsnnpbeJJ, 1
Chandler, Clmgman, Cobb, Conger, Cullom, Curtis, Doty, !
Durkee, Edgetton, Fitch, Freeman, Henry 31. Fuller, Gen-
try, GiddiuL't-j Goodnch, Gorman, Gieen, Grey, Giow,
Sampson W. Harm, John W. Howe, Hunter, Letcher,
Loeknart, Molony, Henry D. Moore, John Moore, Sabers,
Newton, Outlaw. Samuel W. Paiker, Fermiman, Perkins,
Powell, Reed, lio?b, Scurry, Snow, Benjamin Stanton,
Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton. Stone, St. Mar-
tin, Stwaif, Thurston, Welch, 'Well?, and Yates—t>.>.
NAYS—Me-ssrs. Aiken, Cliailes Alien, Alli&on, Avcrett,
Babcuek, Beale, Bell, Bragg, Brooks, Georjre H. Brown
Buit, r   ~ ~.
Darnel
Dminuek,
J D Fuller, Gaylord, Gihnore, Goodcnow, Hamilton.
Harper, Ifrham G. Ham*, Haven, Hendricks, Ihbbard, i
llillyer, Holladav, Horsford, Houston, Howard. Thomas i
31. Howe, Jackson, Jenkins?, Andiow Johnson, John John-
eon, Daniel T. Jon'-a, George W.Jones, Preston King,
Kurtz, Mace, Mann, Edward C. Marshall, Humphrey Mar- J
shall, Maaou, MeCoikle, McMulim, McNan, McUucni, !
Millson, Miner, Moieltead, Morrison, Murphy, Munay,
Olds, Orr, Andrew Parker, Pea^lee, Penn, Phelps,, p0Ik
Riehard?on, Riddle, Robbms, Robie, Sackett, Savage'
Sehermerhorn, Schoolcraft, Sehoonmakcr, Origen S. Sey-
mour, Skelton, Smart, Smith, Abraham P. Stephens, Thad-
deusStevens, Stratton, Stiother,Tavlor,Townshend, Wal-
bndge, Wallace, Waid, Watkins, Wilcox, Williams, and
Woodward—100.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The joint resolution was then ordered to be
read a third time, and was subsequently read
the third time and passed.
Mr. FOWLER moved toreconsiderthe vote by
which the resolution was passed, and to lay the
motion to reconsider upon the table; which latter
motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON obtained the floor.
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from
Alabama allow the Chair to inform the House that
there are quite a number of communications from
the Executive Departments of the Government,
which it would be well, perhaps, to distribute
among the several committees5 If there be no ob-
jection on the part of any member of the House,
the Chair proposes to present them.
Mr. HOUSTON". I am willing, if it does not
take up too much time, that they shall be dis-
tributed as proposed by the Chair, but I shall ob-
i ject, if it is to consume the entire day.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
There being no objection, the Speaker laid be-
fore the House the following communications,
which were referred to the committees indicated
below:
To tkc Senate and House of Representatives:
By an act of Congress, approved on the 10th day of Feb-
ruaiy} 1852, an appropriation of $6,000 was made for the
lehef of American citizens, then lately imprisoned and
pardoned by the Queen of Spam, intended to provide for
the return of such of the Cuban prisoners as were citizens
of the United States, who had been transported to Spain,
and there pardoned by the Spanish Government.
It will be ob^eived, that no provision was made for such
foreigners or aliens as were engaged in the Cuban expedi-
tion, and who had shared the fate of American citizens, for
whose relict the said act was intended to provide. X now
transmit the report fiom the Fir&t Comptroller, with accom-
panying papers, m which it will be perceived that fifteen
foieiguers wer« connected with that expedition, who were
also pardoned b_v the Queen of Spain, and have been trans-
ported to the United States, under contract made with our
consul, at an expense of $1,013 34, for the payment of which
no piovision has been made bylaw. The consul having
evidently acted with good intentions, the claim is submitted
for the consideration of Congress.
MILLARD FILLMORE.
On motion by Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia, re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
II. A letter from the Acting Secretary of the
Treasury, transmitting a communication from the
Light-ho use Board in reference to the matters
which under the law it was contemplated should
come under their superintendence.
On motion by Mr. DUNCAN, referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be print-
ed.
III. A letter from the Acting Secretary of the
Treasury, submitting an estimate for the salary of
the district judge of the western district of Louisi-
ana, the same having been inadvertently omitted
in the annual estimates.
On motion by Mr. HOUSTON, referred to the
Committee on Ways and Means, and ordered to
be printed.
IV. A letter from the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, transmitting a communication from the Sec-
retary of War inclosing an estimate of the amount
required to complete the surveys of roads from
the valley of the Mississippi to the Pacific ocean,
with a request that the same might be laid before
Congress, with the recommendation that the ap-
1 propriation be made accordingly.
| On motion by Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, re-
ferred to the Committee on Ways and Means, and
ordered to be printed.
V. A letter from the Acting Secretary of the
Treasury, calling the attention of Congress to the
decision of the United Slates circuit court of New
York as to the liability of manufacturers of any
article of merchandise shipped by them for their
own account to the United States, and invoiced
by them below their market value, as provided
for m the act of March, 1850.
On motion by Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylva-
nia, referred to the Committee on Ways and
Means, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. There was a
communication a moment ago in reference to roads
from the valley of the Mississippi westward,
which was referred, on the motion of my col-
league, [Mr. Jones,] to the Committee on Ways
and Means. I think that that communication
