xl
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
report to the supervising inspector of their re-
spective districts, in writing, their decisions on
all applications for such licenses, or proceedings
for the revocation thereof, and all testimony re-
ceived by them in such proceedings.
Seventh. The inspectors shall license and class-
ify all engineers and pilots of steamers carrying
passengers.
Eighth. Whenever any person claiming to be
qualified to perform the duty of engineer upon
steamers carrying passengers, shall apply for a
certificate, the board of inspectors shall examine
the applicant, and the proofs which he produces in
support of his claim; and if, upon full considera-
tion, they are satisfied that his character, habits of
life, knowledge and experience in the duties of an
engineer, are all such as to authorize the belief
that the applicant is a suitable and safe person to
be intrusted with the powers and duties of such a
station, they shall give him a certificate to that
effect for one yeai, signed by them, in which cer-
tifimtethey shall state the time of the examination,
and shall assign the appointee to the appropriate
class of engineers.
•Yin//i. Whenever any person claiming to be a
skillful pilot for any such vessel shall offer himself
for a license, the said board shall make diligent
inquiry as to his character and merits; and if sat-
isfied that he possesses the requisite skill, and is
trustworthy and faithful, they shall give him a
certificate to that effect, licensing him for one year
to be a pilot of any such vessels within the limit
prescribed in the certificate; hut the license of any
such engineer or pilot may be revoked upon proof
of negligence, unskillfnlness, or inattention to the
duties of the station: Provided> however, If in cases
of refusal to license engineers or pilots, and in cases
of revocation of any license by the local board of
inspectors, any engineer or pilot deeming himself
wronged by such refusal or revocation, may, with-
in thirty days after notice thereof, on application
to a supervising inspector, have his case examined
anew by such supervising inspector, upon produc-
ing a certified copy of the reasons assigned by the
local board for their doings in the premises; and
such supervising inspector may revoke the decis-
ion of such local board of inspectors and license
such pilot or engineer; and like proceedings, upon
the same conditions, may be had by the master or
owner of any such vessel, or of any steamboat
boiler, for which the said local hoard shall have re-
fused, upon inspection, to give a certificate of ap-
proval, or shall have notified such master or owner
of any repairs necessary after such certificate has
been granted.
Tenth. It shall be unlawful for any person to
employ, or any person to serve, as engineer or
pilot on any such vessel, who is not licensed by
the inspectors; and any one wo offending shall for-
feitone hundred dollars for each offense: Provided,
however, That if a vessel leaves her port with a
complement of engineers and pilots, and on her
voyage is deprived of their services, or the services
of any of them, without the consent, fault, or col-
lusion of the master, owner, or any one interested
in the vessel, the deficiency may be temporarily
supplied, until others licensed can be obtained.
Eleventh. In addition to the annual inspection,
it shall lie the duty of said board to examine sea-
sonably steamers arriving and departing, so often
as to enable them to detect any neglect to comply
with the requirements of law, and also any defects
or imperfections becoming apparent after the in-
spection aforesa'd, and tending to render the navi-
gation of the ves.se! unsafe, which service may be
performed by one of the board; and if he shall
discover an omission to comply with the law, or
that repairs have become necessary to make the
vessel safe, he shall at once notify the master,
stating in the notice what is required; and if the
master deems the requirements unreasonable or
unnecessary, he may take the opinion of the board
thereon, and if dissatisfied with the decision of such
board, may apply for a reexamination of the case
to the supervising inspector, as is hereinbefore
provided; or if he shall refuse or neglect to comply
with the requirement of the local board, and shall,
contrary thereto, and while the same remains unre-
versed by the supervising inspector, employ the
vessel by navigating her, the master and owner
shall he liable for any damage to the passengers
and their bags-age which shall occur from any de-
fects so as aforesaid stated in said notice, which
shall be in writting, and all inspections and orders
shall be promptly made by the inspectors; and
where it can be safely done in their judgment, they
shall permit repairs to be made where those in-
terested can most conveniently do them; and no
inspectors of one district shall modify or annul
the doings of the inspectors of another district in
regard to repairs, unless there is a change in the
state of things demanding more repairs than were
thought necessary when the order was made; nor
shall the inspectors of one district appoint a person
coming from another, if such person has been re-
jected for unfitness or want of qualifications.
Twelfth. The said board, when thereto request-
ed, shall inspect steamers belonging to districts
where no such board is established; and if a cer-
tificate of approval is not granted, no other inspec-
tion shall be made by the same or any other board
until the objections made by the inspectors are re-
moved; and if any vessel shall be navigated after
a board of inspectors have refused to make the col-
lector a certificate of approval, she shall be liable
to the same penalties as if she had bee«n run with-
out a license: Provided, however, That nothing
herein contained shall impair the right of the in-
spectors to permit such vessel to go to another
port for repairs, if in their opinion it is safe so to
do.
Thirteenth. The said board of inspectors shall
have power to summon before them witnesses, and
to compel their attendance by the same process as
in courts of law; and after reasonable time given
to the alleged delinquent of the time and place of
nvestigation to examine said witnesses under oath
touching the perform an ceof their duties by engineers
and pilots of any such vessel, and if it shall appear
satisfactorily that any such engineer or pilot is in-
competent, or that life has been placed in peril by
reason of such incompetency, or the negligence or
miscondnct on the part of any such person, the
board shall immediately suspend or revoke his
license, and report their doings to the chief officer
of the customs, and the said chief officer of the
customs shall pay out of the revenues herein pro-
vided such sums to any witness so summoned un-
der the provisions of this act for his actual travel
and attendance as shall be officially certified by an
inspector hearing the ease upon the back of the
summons, not exceeding the rates allowed to a
witness for travel and attendance in the circuit and
districts courts of the United States.
Fourteenth. That the said board shall report
promptly all their doings to the chief officer of the
customs, as well as all omissions or refusals to
comply with the provisions of law on the part of
any owner or master of any such vessel propelled
in whole or in part by steam, cairying passen-
gers.
Fifteenth. That it shall at all times he the duty
of all engineers and pilots licensed under this act,
and all motes to assist the inspectors in the exam-
ination of any such vessels to which any such en-
gineer, mate, or pilot belongs, and to point out all
defects and imperfections in the hull or apparatus
for steaming, and also to make known to them, at
the earliest opportunity, all incidents occasioning
serious injury to the vessel or her equipment,
whereby life may be in danger; and in default
thereof the license of any such engineer or pilot
shall be revoked.
Sec. 10. Jlnd be it further enacted, That in those
cases where the number of passengers is limited
by the inspectors' certificate, it shall not be lawful
to take on board of any steamer a greater number
of passengers than is certified by the inspectors in
the certificate; and the master and owners, or
either of them, shall be liable, to any person suing
for the same, to forfeit the amount of passage-
money and ten dollars for each passenger beyond
the number allowed. And, moreover,in all cases
of an express or implied undertaking to transport
passengers, or to supply them with food and lodg-
ing, from place to place, and suitable provision is
not made of a full and adequate supply of good
and wholesome food and water, and of suitable
lodging for all such passengers, or where barges
or other craft impeding the progress are taken in
tow, for a distance exceeding five hundred miles,
without previous and seasonable notice to such
passengers; in all such cases the owners and the
vessel shall be liable to refund all the money paid
for the passage, and to pay also the damage sus-
tained by such default or delay: Provided, hoio-
ever, That if in any such case a satisfactory bond
is given to the marshal for the benefit of the plain-
tiff, to secure the satisfaction of such judgment as
he may recover, the vessel shall be released.
Sec. 11. And be it Jurther enacted, That if the
master of a steamer, or any other person, whether
acting under orders or not, shall intentionally load
or obstruct, or cause to be loaded or obstructed, in
any way or manner, the safety-valve or valves of
a boiler, or shall employ any other means or device
whereby the boiler shall be subjected to a greater
pressure than the amount allowed by the certifi-
cate of the inspectors, or shall be exposed to a
greater pressure, or shall intentionally derange or
hinder the operation of any machinery or device
employed to denote the state of the water or steam
in any boiler, or to give warning of approaching
danger, it shall in any such case be a misdemeanor,
and any and every person concerned therein,,
directly or indirectly, shall forfeit two hundred
dollars, and may, at the discretion of the court,
be, in addition thereto, imprisoned not exceeding
eighteen months.
Sec. 12. Andbeit farther enacted, That if at any
time there be a deficiency of water in a boiler, by
suffering it to fall below three inches above the flue
as prescribed in this act, unless the same happens
through inevitable accident, the master, if it be by
his order, assent, or connivance, and also the en-
gineer, or other person whose duty it is to keep
up the supply, shall be guilty of an offense for
which they shall severally be fined one hundred
dollars each; and if an explosion or collapse hap-
pens in consequence of such deficiency, they, or
any of them, may be further punished by impris-
onment for a period of not less than six nor more
than eighteen months.
Sec. 13. Andbe it further enacted, That hereafter
all boilers of steamboats made of iron shall be con-
structed of plates which have been stamped accord-
ing to the provisions of this act.
Sec. 14. And be it farther enacted, That it shall
be the duty of such inspectors to ascertain the
quality of the material of which the boiler-plates
of any such boiler so submitted to their inspection
are made; and to satisfy themselves, by any suit-
able means, whether the mode of manufacturing
has been such as to produce iron equal to good
iron made with charcoal, such as in their judg-
ment may be used for generating steam-power
without hazard to life; and no such boiler shall be
approved which is made of unsuitable material, or
of which the manufacture is imperfect, or is not,
in their opinion, of suitable strength, or whose
plates are less than one fourth of an inch in thick-
ness, for a high-pressure boiler of forty-two inches
in diameter, and in that proportion of strength ac-
cording to the maximum of working pressure al-
lowed for high-pressure boilers of greater or less
diameter, or which is made of any but wrought
iron of a quality equal to good iron made with
charcoal.
Sec. 15. Andbeit further enacted, Thatall plates
of boiler-iron shall be distinctly and permanently
stamped in such manner as the Secretary of the
Treasury shall prescribe, and if practicable, in
such place or places that the mark shall be left
visible after the plates are worked into boilers;
with the name of the manufacturer, the quality of
the iron, and whether or not hammered, and the
place where the same is manufactured.
Sec. lfj. And be it further enacted, That it shall
be unlawful to use in such vessel for generating
steam for power a boiler or steam-pipe connecting
the boilers, made after the passage of this act, of
any iron unless it has been stamped by the manu-
facturer as herein provided; and if any person
shall make for use in any such vessel a boiler of
iron not so stamped, intended to generate steam
for power, he shall, for any such offense, forfeit
five hundred dollars, to be recovered in an action
of debt by any person suing for the same; and
any person using or causing to be used in any such
vessel such a boiler to generate steam for power,
shall forfeit a like sum for each offense.
Sec. 17. And be itfiuther enacted, That if any
person shall counterfeit the marks and stamps re-
quired by this act, or shall falsely stamp any boiler
iron, and be convicted thereof, he shall be fined not
exceeding five hundred dollars and imprisoned not
exceeding two years. And if any person or per-
sons shall stamp or mark plates with the name or
marks of another, with intent to mislead, deceive,
or defraud, such person or persons shall be liable
to any one injured thereby for all damage occa-
sioned by such fraud or deception.
