1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
763
clear gain to the States, and that there is no in-
crease at all upon the price of those lands, but that
they are an entire loss to the Government of the
United States—so much donated away.
Having adopted the proviso of the Senator from
Tennessee, [Mr. Bell,] to make my amendment
consistent, we ought to strikeout ''New Mexi-
co " in another portion of it; and I therefore move
that, as an amendment to my amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
Mr. RHETT. Mr. President, when I noticed
what Mr. Calhoun said in the argument which was
referred to by my friend from Iowa, I did not wish
the Senate to understand that I intended to support
what Mr. Calhoun supported, or repudiate what he
repudiated. But as he had been quoted, and as he
is some authority in South Carolina, I thought prop-
er to show, if I understood the bill, that Mr. Calhoun
was not correctly teported ;and now, tf I understand
the bill correctly, I do notstand corrected by the Sen-
ator from Illinois. What was the principle upon
which Mr. Calhoun advocated these bills i Why,
it was the alternate, section principle, that yon are
to give one section and then add a double'price to
the next section; that this Government, by selling
the next section at the doubleprice, lost no money;
that it was not a donation for internal improve-
ments to the States; that it was nothing more than
an equitable and convenient arrangement by which
the United States, as a landholder, so arranged its
own property, as that it lost nothing, although
the States gamed by the operation. That was the
proposition and principle of Mr. Calhoun. Is
that the principle of this bill ? Why, sir, the Sen-
ator from Kentucky has just stated, that this prin-
ciple operates here only within the six miles, and
not beyond that limit. Beyond that limit—and for
the nine miles beyond, there is no such provision
whatsoever, so far as Mr. Calhoun's principle is
concerned. It is true, I thought, there was an ad- j
dition:d principle upon the face of the bill itself— \
and that beyond the six miles limitation, the lands
could be located in the aggregate and not in alter-
nate sections.
I will not insist upon my construction of the
bill, if Senators say that the Departments give it
another construction; but it is certainly capable of
the construction I contended for. The Senator from
Georgia [Mr. Dawson] alleged in his speech,that j
the meaning I ascribed to it was its meaning, and I |
certainly have not heard that assertion contra- 1
dieted in any argument on this floor. The hill is
certainly not in conformity, in any view, to the
principle which Mr. Calhoun laid down, which
was that as a landholder we did not give away
the land; that it was in reality giving nothing, be-
cause by giving one section we realize as much by
obtaining double the price from the alternate sec-
tion, and the Government lost nothing by the op-
eration; and that it was an arrangement which,
as a landholder, the Government had aright to
make, without being involved in the question of
internal improvements. In this way he steered
clear entirely of the constitutional objection. But
he could never have asserted this principle, if his
attention had been brought to a measure like the
bill before us. Supposed had been proposed that
Illinois or any other State should go and take every
alternate .section, and that the sections reserved
should not sell for any other price than that stip-
ulated for in the general laws of the country—that
the alternate sections should not sell for the double
price; would Mr. Calhoun have voted for a bill of
that kind? No proof that he would have done so
has been presented to the Senate; and it cannot
be shown from his observations that he supported !
any principle which would justify such an appro- j
pnation of the public lands. j
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I desire to say to !
the Senate that I do not expect to vote upon the -
amendment of the Senator from Kentucky; not that
it does not meet my approbation, on the contrary, !
I am in favor of it. I might have avoided the .
vote, but I do not desire to avoid any vote, and |
hence I wish to state the reason why I shall not 1
voto at all upon the amendment. The*Senator
from Arkansas, [Mr. Sebastian]—his fani'ly
beins; m a condition requiring his presence—came
to me, and asked me to pair" off with him. As a
matter of courtesy and kindness I agreed to do
so. He was opposed to the amendment; I am in
favor of it. It is for this reason that I shall not
vote upon it.
Ml*. SUMNER. I desire to make a similar
explanation. At the request of the Senator from
Georgia, [Mr. Dawson,] who has participated in
this debate, and who has been called home to his
family, and with a view to his personal accommo-
dation, I have paired off with him. I should,
otherwise, hare voted against the amendment.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
on the amendment offered by Mr. Underwood,
as amended, resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Badger, Bell, Clarke, Cooper, Davis,
Fish, Foot, Hamlin, James, Mangum, Pratt, Seward,
Smith, Underwood, and Upham—15.
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Bayard, Borland, Brodhead,
Biooke, Cass, Chase, Dodge ol VVis-eoiism, Dodge of Iowa,
Douglas, Downs. Feich, Geyer, Gwm, Jone&of Iowa, King,
Mcllae, Mason,' Morton, Rhett, Rusk, Shield*, Soul6,
Stockton, Wade, and Walker—$5.
So it was rejected.
The bill was then reported to the Senate as
amended. The amendment made was the substi-
tute of the Committee on Public Lands for the
original bill.
Mr. SEWARD. I have an amendment which
I wish to offer to the bill. I move to strike out
from the first section the words " of railroads from
* the city of Dubuque to Keokuek, and from Da-
« venport, on the Mississippi river, in said State,
4 as may be designated by the authority of said
4 State, and insert "of* railroad from Daven-
s port, on the Mississippi river, as may be desig-
' nated by theauthority of the said State, through
4 Fort Des Moines to such point as the said au-
4 thority shall select on the Missouri river, with
' branches from Port Des Moines to Burlington
' and Dubuque."
The part of the section proposed to be amended
would then read as follows:
Be it enacted, «$c., That the right of way through the
public lands be, and the same is hereby gran;ed to the State
ot Iovva,forih(  conduction of a railroad from Davenpoit,
on the Mis>PiPhippj river, as may be designated by the au
thorny of the said State, thiough Fort Des Moines, to such
point a-5 the said authority shall select on the Missouri river,
with branches from Fort Des Monies to Burlington and
Dubuque, and to such point a? the paid authority slmJl
select on the Missoun river; which authorit.v shall also fix
and doteimme the loutes of each of said railroads.
I shall detain the Senate but a moment upon
this amendment. It requires some explanation.
This bill, as I understand it, proposes to aid the
construction of two railroads in the State of Iowa;
one from Davenport, on the Mississippi river, to
some point in the Council Bluffs, on the Missouri
river; and another railroad from Dubuque, on the
Mississippi river, to Keokuek, on the Mississippi
river—that is, one railroad running east and west
through the State of Iowa, and one railroad run-
ning north and south, between two points oil the
Mississippi river, both in that State.
In order to express my purpose, I propose to
takeout part of the bill and insert a substitute;
and 1 propose to leave the chief railroad, running
through the State, precisely as it is in the bill—
that is, from Davenport, on the Mississippi river,
to Council Bluffs, on the Missouri river. Then,
in lieu of the railroad connecting the two points,
Dubuque and Keokuek, on the Mississippi river, 1
propose that roads shall be constructed which
shall run east and west through the State; and to
accomplish that object, to make a branch railroad
from Fort Des Monies, upon Des Moines river,
which is in the center of the State, and is a point
through which the principal eastern and western
railroad will pass, to Dubuque, on the Mississippi
river, and another branch from Fort Des Monies
to Burlington, on the Mississippi river.
Thus, while my amendment contemplates leav-
ing the central railroad just as it is in the bill, it pro-
poses, m lieu of the railroad between Dubuque and
Keokuek,crossing the Statefrom north to south to j
make branches from the Des Moines river to the
two points, Dubuque and Burlington. The reason
which has controlled my mind, grounded upon
such information as I have with regard to the
State, is, that the communications to the markets
from that State will necessarily be to the east
and the south. The northern branch which I :
propose, to Dubuque, will give the people living ■
in the region of the State through which it will
pass, an eastern communication by railroad, con-
necting with the eastern railroad at Dubuque, and
so with other lines of railroad to the cities of Bos-
ton, New York, and Philadelphia—that is, with
the Atlantic coast. The same effect will be pro-
duced by branches running from that same point ;
to.Burlington, which will there connect this coun-
try with the railroads in the process of construc-
tion, and so give to Burlington, as well as to Du-
buque, access, by communications through the
State of Illinois, to Eastern markets, while at the
same time they will have, through the southern
branch at Burlington, a communication with the
Mississippi river, and so with the Southern ports.
Now, sir, I am not able to say that this is a
more judicious location of these internal improve-
ments; I can only say that I am so informed, and
I think it looks reasonable. It will be seen that
the railroad which the bill contemplates between
Dubuque and Keokuek, runs not quite parallel, in-
deed, with the Mississippi river, yet it is practi-
cally so, and thus giving a railroad communication
down the Mississippi, though not materially
shorter than by river, and perhaps it is even
as long as the part of the Mississippi river between
the two points, although the Mississippi is navi-
gable between the two points to be connected by
this proposed railroad. The Government of the
United States have already made appropriations
for the improvement of the Des Moines river, and
the effect of granting these lands now, to make a
railroad communication between the two points on
the Mississippi, seems to come in conflict with the
policy of the Government in improving the navi-
gation of the Des Moines river. It is for these
reasons, which I have stated as tersely as I could,
that I have preferred the system contained in the
amendment which I have proposed. I need not
say that i make this suggestion not without self-
distrust, and with very great deference to the Sen-
ators of the State which is so much interested in
this bill.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair would suggest
to the Senator from New York the propriety of
proposing his amendment to the amendment of the
committee, which is in the same words as those
used in the original bill. His amendment will
then come in the third line of the sixth section.
The amendment reported by the committee has
been agreed to by the Senate as in Committee of
the Whole, and it is now before the Senate for
consideration.
Mr. SEWARD. I have no objection that it
should be introduced in the section named by the
Chair.
Mr. ATCHISON. Before I vote upon this prop-
osition, I would be glad if one of the Senators from
Iowa would explain the effect of this proposition.
Sir, if th* principles of this bill are settled here, I
think the details may safely be left to the State of
Iowa; in other words, 1 think it may safely be left
to that State to say where shall be the location of
the road. I think that this amendment will ma-
terially change the object of the bill; and without
the assent of the Senators from Iowa to it, I shall
vote against it, and against any similar proposition
to amend.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I trust that the Senate
will not agree to the amendment of the Senator
from New York. This is a question which ought
to be left to the State of Iowa to decide upon.
That State has now, for three different sessions,
memorialized Congress to grant the land proposed
by the bill for making a railroad from Dubuque to
Keokuek, and from Davenport to Council Bluffs. It
will be entirely competent for the Legislature of
the State, and the companies which may be or-
ganized, to make the line of road a? proposed by
the Senator from New Yoik, if they should deem
it advisable; but they desire to have surveys made
with reference to the best locality on which to
place these roads, and I think it ought to be left to
the State, and not to Congress, to designate the
routes or the points to be adopted. 1 hope that
the amendment will be rejected, and that the bill
will be passed exactly as it is now before the
Senate.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, I do not know that I
understand the amendment offered by the Senator
from New York. It was read, but in the connec-
tion in which it was read, I confess I did not un-
derstand it. It is a most unexpected amendment
by the friends of thi* bill. We were not advised
that the Senator from New York, or any other
Senator, designed to offer such an amendment, and
we were not consulted in relation to it. If I un-
derstand it, it proposes to leave the roads as they
now are in the bill, with an additional branch from
Fort Des Moines to Burlington.
Mr, SEWARD. If the Senator from Iowa will
