xlii
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
For the district of Norfolk, in Virginia, three
hundred dollars.
For the district of Charleston, in South Carolina,
four hundred dollars.
For the district of Savannah, in Georgia, four
hundred dollars.
For the district of Mobile, in Alabama, one
thousand dolors.
For the disuict of New Orleans, or in which
New Orleans is the port of entry, in Louisiana,
two thousand dollars.
For the disuict of Galveston, in Texas, three
hundred dollars.
For the district of St. Louis, in Missouri, fifteen
hundred dollars.
For the district of Nashville, in Tennessee, four
hundred dollars.
For the district of Louisville, in Kentucky,
twelve hundred dollars.
For the district of Cincinnati, Ohio, fifteen hun-
dred dollars.
For the district of Wheeling, Virginia, five hun-
dred dollars.
For the district of Pittsburg, Pennsylvania,
fifteen hundred dollais.
For the district of Chicago, Illinois, five hundred
dollars.
For the districtof Detroit, Michigan, eight hun-
dred dollars.
For the districtof Cleveland, Ohio, five hundred
dollars.
For the district of Buffalo, New York, twelve
hundred dollais.
For the district of Oswego, or of which Oswego
is the port of entry, New York, three hundred
do'iars.
For the district of Vermont, two hundted dol-
lars.
For the di.stiict of San Francisco, California,
fifteen hundred dollars.
Sec. 34. *l)id be it farther enacted, TinU the Sec-
retary of theTreasuiy shaU provide the inspectors
with a suitable number of instruments, of uniform
constitution, so as to give uniform results, to test
the strength of boilers.
Sec. 35. And be it farther enacted, That it shall
be the duty of the master of any such steamer to
cause to be kept a correct list of all (he passengers
received and delivered from day to day, notingthe
places where received and where landed, which
record shall be open to the inspection of the in-
spectors and officers of the customs at all times;
and in case of default, through negligence or de-
sign, the said master shall loifeit one hundred
dollars, whit h penalty, as well as that for excess of
passengers, shall be a Hen upon the vessel: Pro-
vided, however, A bond may, as provided for m
other cases, be given to secure the satisfaction of
the judgment.
Skc. 36. '2nd be it farther cnacted, That every
master or commander of any such steamer shall
keep on hoard of snch steamer at least two copies
of this act, to be furnished to him by the Secietary
of the Treasury; and if the master or commander
neglects or refuses so to do, or shall unreasonably
l el use to exhibit a copy of the same to any pas-
senger who bhail ask it, he shall forfeit twenty
dollais.
See. 37. And he it further enaclcd, That any in-
spector who shall, upon any pretense, receive any
fee or reward for his services rendered under this
act, except what is herein allowed to him, shall for-
feit his office; and if found guilty, on indictment,
he otherwise punished, according to the aggrava-
tion of the offense, by fine not exceeding five hun-
dred dollars, or imprisonment not exceeding six
months, or both.
Slc. 38. And be it farther enacted, That all en-
gineers and pilots of any such vessel shall, before
entering npon their duties, make solemn oath, be-
foieoneof the inspectors herein provided for, to
be recorded with the certificate, that he will faith-
fnl'y and honestly, according to his best skill arid
judgment, perfovm all the duties required of him
by Hns act, without concealment or reservation;
and if any such engineer, pilot, or any witness
summoned under this act as a witness, shall, when
under examination on oath, knowingly and inten-
tionally falsify the truth, such person shall be
deemed <ruilty of perjury, and if convicted be pun-
ished accordingly.
Sec. 39. And be it farther enacted, That the su-
pervising inspectors, appoin ted under the provisions
of this act, shall, within their respective districts,
under the direction of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, take the examination, or receive the state-
ments m writing, of persons of practical knowledge
and experience m the navigation of steam-vessels,
the construction and use of boilers, engines, ma-
chinery, and equipments, touching the form, mate-
rial, and construction of enginesxand their appur-
tenances; the causes of the explosion of boilers
and collapse of flues,and the means of prevention;
the kind and description of safety-valves, water
and steam-gauges, or indicators; equipments for
the extinguishment of fires, and for the preserva-
tion of lite in case of accident on board of such
vessels, and ali other means m use or proper to be
adopted, for the better security of the lives of per-
sons on board vessels propelled in whole or in
part by steam; the advantages and disadvantages
of the different descriptions of boilers, engines, and
their appurtenances, safety-valves, water and
steam-gauges, or indicators, equipments for the
prevention or extinguishment of fires, and the
pieservation of life in case of accident, in use on
board such vessel; whether any, and what farther !
legislation is necessary or proper for the better se-
curity of the lives of persons on board such steam-
vessels; which examination and statements so
taken and received, shall be transmitted to the Sec-
tary of the Treasury, at such time as he shall
prescribe.
Sec. 40. And be it farther enacted, That it shall
be the duty of the Secretary of the Tieasury to
cause such interrogatories to be prepared and pub-
lished as in his opinion may be proper to elicit the
information contemplated by the preceding section,
and upon the receipt of the examination and state-
ments taken by the inspectors, shall report the
same to Congress, together with the recommenda-
tion of such other provisions as he may deem
proper to be made for the better security of the
lives of peisons on board steam-vessels.
Sec. 41. And be it farther enacted, That all pen-
alties imposed by this act may be recovered m an
action of debt by any person who will sue therefor
m any court of the United States.
Sec. 43. And be it further enacted, That this act
shall not apply to public vessels of the United
States, or vessels of other countries, nor to steam-
ers used as ferry-boats, tug-boats, towing-boats,
nor to steamers not exceeding one hundred and
fifty tons buiden, and used in whole or in part for
navigating canals. The inspection and certificate
requued by this act shall m all cases of ocean
steamers constructed under contract with the
United States for the purpose, if desired, of being
converted into war steamers, be made by a chief
engineer of the Navy, to be detailed for that ser-
vice by the Secretary of the Navy; and he shall
report both to said Secretary and to the supervis-
ing inspector of the district where he shall make
any inspection.
Sec. 43. And be it further enacted, That all such
parts of this act as authorize the appointment and
qualification of inspectors, and the licensing of
engineers and pilots, shall take effect upon the
passnge thereof, and that all other parts of this act
shall go into effect at the times and places as fol-
lows: In the districts of New Orleans, St. Louis,
Louisville,Cincinnati, Wheeling, Pittsburg, Nash-
ville, Mobile, and Galveston, on the first day of
January next, and in ail other districts on the first
day of March next.
Sec. 44 And he itfurlher enacted, That all parts
of laws heretofore made, which are suspended by
or are inconsistent with this act, are hereby re-
pealed.
Approved, August 30, 1352.
either of the said assistant judges, the Commis-
sioner of Patents shall pay to such chief judge, or
assistant judge, the sum of twenty-five dollars re-
quired to be paid by the appellant into the Patent
Office by the eleventh section of the said act on
said appeal.
Sec. 3. And be it farther enacted, That section
thirteen of the aforesaid act, approved March the
third, eighteen hundred and thirty-nine,is hereby
repealed.
Approved, August 30, 1852.
Public, LX4IT.—An Act in addition to an Act to
piomoie the Progress of the Useful Arts.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Jhxtse of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled. That appeals provided form the elev-
enth section of the act entitled '{An act in addition
to an act to promote the progress of the useful
arts, "approved March third, eighteen hundred and
thirty-nine, may also be made to either of the as-
sistant judges of the circuit court of the Districtof
Columbia; and all the powers,duties,and respon-
sibilities imposed by the aforesaid act, and con-
ferred upon the chief judge, are hereby imposed
and conferred upon each of the said assistant
judges.
Sec. 2. And be it farther enacted, That in case
appeal shall be made to the said chief judge, or to
Public, LXIV.—An Act to constitute Alton, in the
State of Illinois, a Purl of Deliver]}.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Slates of Ametica in Congress
assembled, That Alton, m the State of Illinois, shall
be, and is hereby, constituted a port of delivery,
and shall be subject to the same regulations and re-
strictions as other ports of delivery in the United
States; and there shall beappointed a surveyor of
customs to reside at said port, who shall, in addi-
tion to his own duties, perform the duties and re-
ceive the salary and emoluments of surveyor, pre-
scribed by the act of Congress, approved on the
second of March, eighteen hundred and thirty-one,
providing for the payment of duties on imported
goods, at certain ports therein mentioned, entitled
" An act allowing the duties on foreign merchan-
dise imported into Pittsburg, Wheeling, Cincin-
nati, Louisville, St. Louis, Nash vilie, an a Natchez,
to be secured and paid at those places;" and the
said town of Alton and the said port of delivery
be, and is hereby, annexed to and made a part of
the collection district of New Orleans, and all the
facilities and privileges afforded by the said act of
Congress of the second of March, eighteen hun-
dred and thirty-one, be, and are hereby, extended
to the said port of Alton.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That Burling-
ton, in the State of Iowa; Galena, Illinois; and
Knoxville,in the State of Tennessee, shall be ports
of delivery, and shall be subject to the same regu-
lations and restrictions as other ports of delivery
in the United States; and there shall be appointed
a surveyor of the customs to reside at each of said
ports, who shall, in addition to his own duties, also
perform the duties and receive the salary and
emoluments of surveyors, prescribed by the act of
Congress passed on the second day of March, one
thousand eight hundred and thirty-one, providing
for the payment of duties on imported goods at
certain ports therein mentioned, the same being
entitled "An act allowing the duties on foreign
merchandise imported into Pittsburg, Wheeling,
Cincinnati, Louisville, St. Louis, Nashville, and
Natchez, to be secured and paid at those places;"
and said Burlington, Galena, and Knoxviile, and
the said ports of delivery, be, and the same are
hereby, annexed to and made part of the collection
district of New Orleans; and ail the privileges
and facilities atforded to Pttsburg, Wheeling, Cin-
cinnati, Louisville, St. Louis, Nashville, and
Natchez, by the act of Congress last aforesaid,
be, and the same are hereby, extended to said ports
of Burlington, Galena, and Knoxviile.
Sec. 3. And he it farther enacted, Thatfromand
after the passage of this act, Port. Jefferson, on the
north side of Long Island, in the State of New
York, be, and the same is hereby, made a port of
delivery within the collection district of the port of
New York; and that a surveyor be appointed by
the President, with the advice and consent of the
State, to reside at the said port of Port Jefferson,
who shall have power to enroll and license vessels
to be employed m the coasting trade and fisheries,
and to enter and clear and grant registers and other
usual papers to vessels employed in the whale fish-
eries, under such restrictions and regulations as
the Secretary of the Treasury may deem neces-
sary, and who shall give the usual bond, perform
the usual duties in the manner prescribed, and be
entitled to receive the fees allowed by law to sur-
veyors and collectors for the same duties, and no
more. Butall cargoes chargeable with duties shall
be entered and the duties paid at the port of New
York before permission shall be granted to dis-
charge the same at Port Jefferson.
Approved, August 31, 1852.
Public, LXV.—An Act making farther provisions
for the satisfaction of Virginia Land IVairanls.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Hepre-
