1676
the congressional globe.
July 7,
prepared, amfwith tlie novation til! Hie woiks are done
of ten per cent., and the usual surety for the faithful per-
formance o( the conliact; and the tfecrctary of tile r*.av)
Sliall aUo be authorized to enter into an agreement witji the
co'ltraetors, It tliev will keep tile said -woiks ill repair, ami
take proper earn ot the Mine, for any given period of years,
free of charge to the Government, to permit them to 11 >e
the said works, during suell period, on their own account,
for repairing merchant vefscls, when not occupied by ves-
sels ot the Navy, to which precedence shall at all times be
' given, on sucli terms as lie shall deem reasonable."
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I desire to have
the amendment offered by the gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Stantox] rend, and I wish to
offer an amendment to it.
The amendment was again read, as above in-
serted.
Mr. BAY'LY. Is an amendment to that amend-
ment now in order ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks it is
not. .
The question then recurring upon the adoption
of the amendment to the amendment.
Mr STANTON demanded tellers; which were
not ordered.
The question was thgn put, and the amendment
was not agreed to.
Mr. BAYLY. 1 offer, as an amendment to the
amendment of the Senate, the following, which is
slightly varied from the amendment offered by the
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Stanton:]
Add, at the end of the Senate amendment, the words
" in conformity with the provisions ot the act of September,
1850."
1 think, sir, that the amendment which has just
been voted down, has not been entiiely under-
stood. I recollect the history of that law vety
well. When there was a proposition to establish
this floating dry-dock in California, it was repre-
sented to the Committee on Ways and Means that
it was exceedingly desirable that some arrange-
ment might be made by which this dry-dock might
be used for the purpose of repairing merchant
vessels on the coast of California. We all know
that there are no docks there, and there are many
thousand miles between California and any effi-
cient dock. It was supposed that it might be ex-
ceedingly beneficial to our commercial marine to
allow them, under proper regulations, to use this
dock for the purpose of repairs, when it was not
occupied by Government vessels. I think my
friend from Georgia [Mr. Stephens] has not en-
tirely understood the provisions of the law of
1850. It does not give, as a gratuity, by any
means, to the builders of this dock the privilege of
putting merchant vessels upon it, when not occu-
pied by national vessels. Very far from it. But
if such were the case, although it would be a great
benefit to them, it would be'no very great detri-
ment to the Government, for it would not injure
the dock to use it in that way. But the provis-
ions of the law never contemplated that they were
to use it to repair merchant vessels when the dock
was not occupied by national vessels, as a gra-
tuity; but, on the contrary, it conferred oil the
Seci etary of the Navy the pnwer to make a con-
tract as to the terms upon winch they were to do
this; and one of the provisions in reference to that
stipulation indicated that they should keep the
dock in repair.
Well, now, I recollect that when I was a mem-
ber Of the Committee on Na\al Affairs, at the time
of the construction of the Pensacola and Philadel-
phia docks, one great objection was offered, that
a verv large expenditure would be required annu-
ally to keep them in repair. The advocates of
stone docks insisted that it was better to have
stone docks, because repairs on them would be
inconsiderable: whereas the expense of keeping
in repair floating docks would be very heavy.
To relieie the Government, to some extent,
from that annual charge, and to do no harm to
anybody, that provision contemplated the author-
izing the Secretary of the Navy to make a con-
tract with the constructors, by which they were to
'be bound to keep the dock in repair, and to reim-
burse themselves by having the privilege of put-
ting merchant vessels upon the dock, when not
occupied by national vessels—preference, in all
cases, to be given to the latter. 1 recoiled very
well I thought at the time that the provision was
a very judicious one—-advantageous to our com-
mercial' marine, and would work no disadvantage
to the Government. I see no foundation for the
objection my fi iend from Georgia [Mr. Stephens]
has started upon this matter. I recollect very well
the impression that rested upon my mind at the I
time. |
[ H ere, the hammer fell.] •
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The amendment ,
as it comes to us from the Senate, proposed to be j
amended by the gentleman/from Virginia, [Mr. j
Bayly,] provides that said dock may be used
for the purpose of repairing merchant vessels,
when not m use by the Government, in such I
manner and for such compensation, and upon
such teims and conditions,, as shall be prescribed
by the Secretary of the Navy. The gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Bayly] proposes by his
amendment, that this provision m the Senate
amendment shall be executed in pursuance of the
act of September, 1850, which is, sir, that the
Secretary of the Navy shall also be authorized to
enter into an agreement with the contiactor to
effect this object of repairing merchant vessels.
Mr. BAYLY. Will my friend allow me to
make one reinaik ?
Mr. JONES. I cannot.
Mr. BAYLY. My views are different.
Mr. JONES. I will tell my friend the differ-
ence. The Senate amendment provides that the
Secretary of the Navy may have all the American
people to make hts arrangements with, but with
the gentleman's proposed amendment it compels
the Secretary to make this agreement with the
contractors who built this dock.
Now, sir, tins amendment, as it comes to us
from the Senate, is clear and explicit, and gives to
the Secretary of the Navy full and ample author-
ity to presuibe the conditions upon which this
dock may be used for the repair of merchant
ships, when not employed iri repairing vessels of
the Navy (if the United States.
Then, sir, I can see no good to be effected by
the amendment otlered by the gentleman from
Viiginia. It is, however, like a great deal of
other legislation transacted here—not only re-
quiring ttiat a contract shall be made, but desig-
nating the persons with whom itshall be made.
1 think, sir, that the Senate amendment gives
to tlie Secretary of the Navy full and ample dis-
cretion and power over this subject, and is far
preferable to the law of 1850, which requires htm
to make an agreement with the constructors of this
work; and I hope the House will vote it down.
The question was then taken on the amendment
offered oy Mr. Bayly, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. For the pur-
pose of reading the letter of the Secretary on this
subject, I propose to strike out from the Senate
amendment the words, "in such manner, for such
compensation, and upon such terms and condi-
tions as shall be prescribed by the Secretary
of the Navy;" and to insert the words, " as pro-
vided by the act of September, 1850, in reference
to dock, basin, and railway."
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that
amendment is not m order.
Mr. STANTON. It is to strike out and in-
sert.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman proposes
to insert what has just been rejected by the com-
mittee.
Mr. STANTON. That has not been rejected
by tlie committee.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands it
to be the same subject as that offered by the gen-
tleman in the first instance.
Mr. STANTON. It is not the same provision.
Besides, this is a proposition to strike out and
insert. It is a different proposition.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman's amend-
ment is not in order.
Mr. STANTON. I then move to strike out |
the words " m such manner, for such eompensa- i
' lion, and upon such terms and conditions as shall i
' be piescribed by the Secretary of the Navy." :
Tne CHAIRMAN. That amendment is in |
order.
Mr. STANTON. The proposition for the con- '
struction of this basin, dock, and railway origina- i
ted with the gentleman from Virginia, not now m
his seat, [Mr. Bocock;] and ifhehad been present j
on this occasion, thisameudment would have been j
offered by him. It was passed bytheunammous '
consent of the Naval Committee, upon the distinct i
and unequivocal recommendation of the Secretary
of the Navy. The Secretary of the Navy stales j
his opinion 
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I call the gen-
tleman to order. We will never'get' through with
the bill unless the rules are strictly adhered to.
The gentleman must confine his remarks to the
amendment offered, as to why these words should
be struck out.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman's com-
ments so far have not been in order.
Mr. STANTON. I say the Secretary declares
the act of 1850 is still in foice. He declares that
to be his opinion, and if so the words I propose to
strike out are perfectly unnecessary. He contends
that the alteration of the law, made at I lie last ses-
sion of Congress, does not repeal the power given
to the Secretary to make this contract with the
constructor. If that be so, these words are unneces-
sary, and ought to be stricken out. It is true the
Secretary distrusts his opinion, and asks an ex-
pression of the opinion of Congress. He says he
believes it to be advisable to make this contract,
and one of the reasons, not stated in this letter of
the Secretary, but which I can state to the House
upon information about which there can lie no
doubt, is, that the Government of the United
States is not prepared to receive that dock. The
Secretary stales that the dock will be ready some
time during the present year. No appropriations
are made to receive it. Besides, vessels have been
chartered by the contractors to carry matenalsfor
this dock in California, and they have in the freight
contract a demurrage which will amount to some
six or eight hundred dollars per day; which, of
colli'*, will be a cliaige upon the contractors if
the Government is not ready to receive the dock,
which the Government will be obliged to reim-
burse to them. Unless the Government makes
some provision for the reception of this dock a
very heavy charge will fall upon them. It is ab-
solutely indispensable 
Mr. CLINGMAN. I want information. I
ask the gentleman whether, under the terms ofthe
Senate's amendment, conditions and compensation
cannot be so arranged as to relieve them?
Mr. STANTON. I think so; but the Secre-
tary of the Navy is very scrupulous. He states
what he believes lo behest for the Government to
do, and desires Congress to express ils opinion.
I do not think there would be any difficulty if that
amendment were not passed, if there was nothing
in it on the subject; but Mr. Graham is a very-
scrupulous gentleman, and lie does.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I ask the gentleman wheth-
er the amendment he proposes will not revive
other provisions in the law which, 1 understand,
he does not desire to have revived ?
Mr. STANTON. Not at all, sir. Mr. Gra-
ham expresses the opinion that those provisions are
still in force. I believe they are still in force.
Any lawyer would say that they are still in force.
Mr. CLINGMAN. We attempted to repeal
the law as far as we could.
Mr. STANTON. When did you ?
Mr. CLINGMAN. We did not formally re-
peal it, but we struck out the appropriation because
we did not desire it to be carried out.
Mr. STANTON. We struck out the basin
and railway, but left the provisions in refeience
to the dock.
Mr. CLINGMAN. But I ask the gentleman
whether the terms of his amendment will not re-
vive the basin and railway ?
Mr. STANTON. No, sir; not at all. If it be
in order, I would like to have the letter from the
Secretary of the Navy I send to the Clerk's desk,
read.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I think the
gentleman's time has expired.
The CHAIRMAN. It has.
Mr. STEPHENS. I wish to say, in reply to
the gentleman, one thing. He says the Secretary
thinks thai law is still in force. If so, let him take
the responsibility of acting that way. He says
the Secretary is a scrupulous gentleman. I think
at the last session of this Congress we passed a law
that this contract should be let out to the lowest
bidder. The Secretary did not do it; and it will
not do for gentlemen to rise up and tell me he is a
scrupulous man. Now, if he wants to, let him
go and act upon the supposition that the law is
still in force. I think the Secretary, if he is a
scrupulous man, would have obeyed the injunc-
tion of this House and let out the contract to the
lowest bidder.
The question was taken on the amendment of
Mr. Stanton, and it was rejected.
