THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
xliii
sentatives of the United State* of America in Congress
assembled, That all unsatisfied out-standing mili-
tary land wanants or parts of warrants issued or
allowed prior to the first day of March, eighteen
hundred and fifty-two, by the proper authorities
of the Commonwealth ofVirginia, for military ser-
vices performed by the officers and soldiers, sea-
men or marines of the Virginia State and conti-
nental lines in the Army or Navy of the Revolution,
may be surrendered to the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, who, upon being satisfied, by a revision of
the proofs or by additional testimony, thatany war-
rant thus surrendered was faitlyand justly issued
in pursuance of the laws of said Commonwealth
for military services so rendered, shall issue land
scrip in favor of the present proprietors of any
warrant thus surrendered, for the whole or any
portion thereof yet unsatisfied, at the rate of one
doikr and twenty-five cents for each acre men-
tioned in the warrant thus surrendered and which
remains unsatisfied, which scrip shall be receivable
in payment for any lands owned by the United
States subject to sale at private entry; and said
scrip shall moreover be assignable by indorse-
ment attested by two witnesses. In issuing such
sciip the said Secretary is authorized, when there
are more persons than one interested in the same
warrant, to issue to each person scrip for his or
her portion of the warrant; and where infants or
feme-coverts may be entitled to any scrip, the
guardian of the infant and the husband of the
feme-covert may receive and sell or locate the
same: Provided, That no less than a legal subdi-
vision shall be entered and paid for by the scrip
issued in virtue of this act.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That this act
shall be taken as a full and final adjustment of all
bounty land cbims to the officers and soldiers,
seamen and marines, of the State of Virginia, for
services in the war of the Revolution: Provided,
That the State of Virginia shall, by a proner act
of the Legislature thereof, relinquish all claim to
the lands m the Virginia military land district in
the State of Ohio.
Sec. 3- Andbtil further enacted, That in settling
the claims of the State of Ohio, under the acts of
March second, eighteen hundred and twenty
seven, and May twenty-fourth, eighteen hundred
and twenty-eight, granting lands to said State for
canal purposes, the same principles shall be acted
upon as have been applied under the provisions of
the act of May the ninth, eighteen hundred and
forty-eight, entitled " An act in addition to an act
therein " mentioned," for the settlement of the
claims of the State of Indiana accruing under the
said art of March the second, eighteen hundred
and twenty-seven.
Approved, August 31, 1852.
RESOLUTIONS.
[No. 1.]—A Resolution oftoelcome to Louis Kossuth.
Resolved by the Senate and ITousc of Representatives
of Lite United Slaics nf Ameiica in Congress assembled,
That Congress, in the name and behalf of the
people of the United States, give to Louis Kos-
suth a cordial welcome to the capital and the
country: and that a copy of this resolution be
transmitted to him by the President of the United
States.
Approved, December ]5, 1651.
[No. 2.]—A Joint Resolution providing for the print-
ing of additional copies of the Journals and Public
Docuuicnls.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of .-Inurica in Congress assembled.
That there shall hereafter be printed one hundred
copies of the public journals and documents of the
House of Representatives, m addition to the num-
ber now punted, which shall be deposited with
the Secretary of State for distribution according
to law.
Approved, December 23, 1851.
authorized to accept and confirm, as permanent
contracts for the residue of the present contract
term in the Southwestern and Northwestern sec-
tions, ending the thirtieth of June, one thousand
eight hundred and fifty-four, the several contracts
for mail transportation in California and Oregon,
made under the advertisement for proposals for
such mail contracts, as communicated in the last
annual report of the Postmaster General; and
that, when the said contracts shall have been so
accepted and confirmed, they shall be vahdwlegal,
and binding for the purposes therein mentioned.
Approved, January 13, 1852.
[No. 4.]—Joint Resolution providing Jor the Binding
of certain Documents.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United Slates of America in Congress assembled,
That all tiie Executive documents, the printing of
additional copies of which have been ordered
during the present session, or may during either
session of the present Congress be ordered by
either House of Congress, and the size of which
shall not be less than two hundied and fifty pages,
such additional copies shall be bound under the
direction of the Joint Committee on Printing:
Provided, That the cost shall not exceed twelve
and a half ceuts per volume for the whole number
ordered.
Approved, January 27, 1852.
[No. 5.]—A Resolution extending the Time of the
Commission under the Convention with Brazil.
Resolved by the Senate and I fouse of Representatives
of the United Stales of America in Congress assembled,
That the act entitled " An act to carry into effect
the Convention between the United States and the
Emperor of Brazil of the twenty-seventh day of
January, in the year eighteen hundied and forty-
nine," approved March twentieth, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty, shall be, and the same is hereby,
continued in force for the period of four months
from and after the first day of March, in the year
eighteen hundred and fifty-two.
Approved, February 27, 1852.
[No. 6.]—A Resolution to authorize the Continuance
of the, work upon the two iv'u.gs of the Capitol.
Resolved by the Seriate and House of Representatives
of the United States of America in Congress assembled,
That there be, and hereby is, appropriated, out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, for the period between the passage of this
resolution and the end of the fiscal year terminating
June thirtieth, eighteen hundied and fifty-three,
the sum of five hundred thousand dollars, for the
continuance of the work on the two wings of the
Capitol: Provided, Nothing herein contained shall
be so construed as to authorize any officer or
agent of the United States to bind the United States
by contract beyond the amount appropriated by
Congress, or to sanction any such contract hereto-
foie made.
Approm:d, April 14, 1852.
!' rive Assembly of the Tenitory of Oregon estab-
i hshing and locating the >eat of government of said
;! Territory at Sale.n, m the county of Marion, in
' said Territory, be, and the same is hereby,ratified,
: approved, and confirmed.
I Sec. 2. And be -it further revolved, That the late
, session of the Legislative Assembly of said Terri-
j tory, held at Salem, in conformity with the pro-
j visions of the act above referred to, be, and the
! same is hereby, declared to have been held in con-
formity to the provisions of Law.
Approved, May 4, 1852.
[No. 8.]—A Resolution authorizing the Purchase of
the Ninth Volume of the Laics of the United States.
Resolved by the Senate and Hons* of Representatives
of the Untied States of America in Congress assembled,
That the Sea etary of Stale, in compliance with
his request made to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, be authorized to purchase of the publishers
of the Statute at Large one thousand copies of
volume nine of said Siatutes at Larire, now just
published, and cause the same to be distributed as
the first eight volumes were distributed by order
of Congress, under theact of August eighth, eigh-
teen hundred and forty-six.
Approved, May JO, 1852.
[No. 3.]-—Joint Resolution to authorize 'the Postmaster
General to legalize certain Contracts for the trans-
portation of the Mail in California and Oregon.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of. Lnerica in Congress assembled,
That the Postmaster General be, and he is hereby,
[No. 7.]—Joint Resolution approving and confirming
an act of the Legislative Assembly of the Territory
of Oregon, entitled "An Act to provide for the selec-
tion oj places for location and eieetion of the Public
Buildings of the Tewiiory of Oregon and for
other purposes.
Whereas, by the first section of an act of the
Legislative Assembly of the Territoiy of Oregon,
passed by the House of Representatives of said
Territory on the thirtieth day of January, eighteen
hundied and fifty-one, .ind by the Council of said
Territory on the first day of February, eighteen
hundred and fifty-one, entitled ii An Act to pro-
vide for the selection of places for location and j
ejection of the Public Buildings of theTerritory of j
Oregon," it was enacted that the seat of govern- i
ment of said Territory be established and located
at Salem, in the county of Marion, in said Terri-
tory, and that each and every session, either gen-
eral or special, of the Legislative Assembly of said
Territory, thereafter convened, shall be held at
Salem,in said Territory; and whereas doubts have
arisen as to the validity of said act:
Be it then fore resolved by the Senate and House of
Representatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That said Act of tne Legisla-
[No. 9.]—A Resolution granting the Right of Way to
the Fuyttteville and Central Plank Road.
Resolved by the Senate and House ofRipresentatives
of the United States of tJmerica in Congress assembled,
That the rijjht of way, not exceeding forty feet in
width, through the public land of the United
States, at Kayettevdie, Xoith Caioima, (which is
at present not improved,) be, and the s.une is
hereby, gianted to ihe Payettewlle and Central
Plank Road: Provided, That in the opinion of the
President of the United Slates said grant be not
injurious to the public interests: And provided
further, That if the said road be not compkied in
two years, or if at any time after its completion
the said road be discontinued or abandoned, the
grant hereby made shall cease and deteirmne.
Approved, May 13, 1852.
[No. 10.]—Joint Resolution authorizing the Secre-
tary of the Ticasunj to rahtij and conjirm an ex-
change of Lands between the United States and
Charles Reynolds, of the city of Natchez, and Slate
of tMississippi.
Be it lesolvtd by the Senate and ITousc of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembledf That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, authorized and empowered to
ratify and confirm the exchange of lands made for
the erection of a marine hospital in the city of
Natchez, and State of Mississippi, on the eighth
day of February, A. D. eighteen hundred and fifty,
between Lieutenant Colonel S. 1L Long, on behalf
of the United States, and Charles Reynolds, of
the city of Natchez, and State aforesaid, and to
give and receive deeds to and from the said ChaHes
Reynolds for the lands so given and received m
exchange.
Appro\ ed, June 10, 1352.
[No. 11.]—Joint Resolution changing !!<e name cf
St. Peter's river, in Minnesota Ten dory.
Be it resolved by the Senate a^nl House of Riprt -
sentatives of the United Statu- of America in Congress
winbleJ, That from and after the passage of this
act, the river in the Territory of Minnesota, lu-re-
tofore known as the Saint Peters, shall be known
and designated on the public records as the Min-
nesota river.
Appro\ed, June li), 1852.
[No. ]2 ]—Joint Resolution, accepting from (luiseppe
lutgnani a Portrait <f Henry Clay, and ordcting it
to be placed in the Library of Congress.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Hepreseniu*ives
of the United Stales of *,}mcricu in Congress assembled,
That the portrait of Henry Ciay,ptesented to the
nation by Giuseppe Pagnani, a resident of New
York, be placed in the Library of Congress.
Approved, July 3, ]^52.
[No. 13.]—A Resolution to establish ccrtuin Post
Routes.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives
