766
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 16,
Mr. GWIN. I am in favor of both bills. I
shall vote for this bill as it is reported by the com-
mittee, and I shall also vote for the other bill when
it comes up.
Mr. PRATT. If I can be heard, I desire to
make a suggestion, and inquire whether or not the
substitute offered by the honorable Senator from
Pennsylvania is in order? The bill upon your
table is one to aid in the construction of a railroad
in the State of Iowa. The substitute is for the
graduation of the price and sale of the public
lands. Now, although the railroad in Iowa is to
be made by an appropriation of a portion of the
public lands, yet the object of the original bill is
the railroad, and therefore it does not seem to me
that this substitute is germane to this original
subject, and consequently it is, as I think, out of
•order.
The PRESIDENT. There is no rule on the
subject. The question under discussion is the
disposition of a certain portion of the public do-
main. An amendment has been made to the bill
by the Senate as in Committee of the Whole,
which amendment is now under consideration by
the Senate, and it is therefore open to amendment.
The proposition of the Senator from Pennsylva-
nia is to strike out the greater portion of that
amendment, and insert a substitute, which is
another mode of disposing of the public lands.
Mr. DOWNS. Will it be in order to propose
an amendment to the substitute, by proposing that
instead of striking out the whole bill, the propo-
sition of the Senator from Pennsylvania shall be
added to it?
The PRESIDENT. It would not be in order
at this time.
Mr. DOWNS. I suppose we can do it by vo-
ting; this proposition down as a substitute, and
then add it to the bill.
The PRESIDENT. If the Senate think proper
to vote down the amendment of the Senator from
Pennsylvania as a substitute, they can do so, and
it will then be in order to offer it as an addition to
the bill.
Mr, DOUGLAS. As the object of the Senator
from Pennsylvania unquestionably is to carry out
hts favorite policy of graduating the price of the
public lands, I have no doubt that he will find that
he can accomplish his object much better by bring-
ing it forward in a separate bill. I confess I have
a great inclination to go with him in his favorite
policy of graduating and reducing the price of the
Eubhc lands; and 1 have no doubt that large num-
ers from the new States will join him in that
policy, and probably be able to pass his bill for him
if he will bring it forward as a separate proposi-
tion, untrammeled by any objections to it as an
amendment to this bill. If he will bring it forward j
separately, I have no doubt that he will find many I
earnest and zealous coadjutors in the repreaenta- '
tives of the new States. I fear that there is some '
hazard in attaching it to this bill; I fear that by !
offering it as an amendment to this bill he will *
lose his graduation policy. I would therefore sug- j
gest to him the propriety of bringing it forward j
as a separate measure, free from the embarrass- |
ments hanging around it as a substitute for the
bill. i
Mr. BRODHEAD. Mr. President, I have j
debated in my own mind whether I should offer !
this graduation bill as an amendment to the bill
under consideration, because I feared it might em- J
barraas gentlemen in theii votes here. Butifl adopt j
the suggestion of the honorable Senator from Illi- i
jioisand withdraw it now, and subsequently bring j
it forward as an independent proposition, this j.
railroad grant to Iowa may be passed in the mean- :j
time, and then we should have to make other /
grants. I think, therefore, we had better decide ;;
now whether we will adopt the graduating policy, ii
or the railroad policy. You cannot adopt both,
in my judgment. I am opposed to this railroad
policy for the reasons which I stated pretty fully '!
yesterday, I do not d esire to ernbarrassgentlemen :
in their votes. I would be very sorry to do so. j;
But I fear, that if I withdraw the amendment now, !i
these railroad oills y?\\\ all be passed; and then
there will be no necessity for, and permit me to H
say , no pioprietym, the adoption of the graduation
policy. It would then be left to operate only on
the alternate sections.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I appeal to my friend
from Pennsylvania to withdraw his amendment.
Mr. MANGfUM. Mr. President, we are com-
ing to be an extremely wise body. We act on the
very largest subjects with all the aids of intuition.
Now, I would distrust the ablest man this country
ever produced, coming from an old State, who
could have but very little knowledge of the land
system, or of matters connected with the public
domain, who would get up here, and m five min-
utes, at the end of a tedious session, propose a
system of disposition for the entire public domain
of the country, without even subjecting it to the
investigation of a committee. 1 understand that
the amendment is offered as adversary to the bill
under consideration. I hope it will be easily dis-
posed of; and, as the gentleman who has offered it
has not been courteous enough to withdraw it at
the request of his friends, I trust it will be imme-
diately rejected. I hope we will vote upon it now.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I shall not now withdraw
the amendment, but I ask for the yeas and nays
upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SOULE. Mr. President, I must oppose
the proposition of my friend from Pennsylvania;
and yet I am free to admit, that if it were presented
as a distinct and separate measure, from the gen-
eral features which I have been able to discover in
it, I would readily give it my concurrence. But
it is very clear that we are in no way prepared to
act now upon a matter of such vast importance.
It would be assuming, as has been very properly
remarked by the honorable Senator from North
Carolina, the possession of such great powers of
intuition, that I can hardly believe a Senator here
would claim. I shall vote, therefore, against this
substitute proposed by the honorable Senator from
Pennsylvania.
1 had intended to explain at some length the
vote which I mean to give in favor of this Iowa
bill; but as I understand that a bill of the same
nature concerning the State of Ohio will soon be
presented to the consideration of the Senate, and
that I shall then have an opportunity to express
my views on the subject, I have resolved to give a
silent vote in favor of the present bill.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I wish to make an ap-
peal to the Senator from Pennsylvania onthis sub-
ject. I would say to him that I am as anxious as
he can be for the passage of his bill at a proper
time; but I would take it as a great favor to me
and to my State, if he would withdraw his propo-
sition.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I wish to renew my
appeal to my worthy friend from Pennsylvania to
withdraw his amendment. I think I have a right
to request it, for if there is one sincere friend on
this floor of the graduation system in all its scope
and bearing, I claim to be that one. The princi-
ple has grown with my growth and strengthened
• with my strength, and, therefore, I shall be re-
| joiced to cooperate with him at a proper time and
, in a proper manner to effect the passage of that
i great measure. But 1 trust the Senator will not.
from Maryland to object to the withdrawal of the
amendment?
Mr. PRATT. Yes sir; I want to have a vote
upon the proposition. As the yeas and nays
have been called, I believe it is my privilege to re-
quire that the vote be taken.
The PRESIDENT. Most assuredly. If the
Senator insists on it, the vote must be taken.
Mr. MASON. I understand that the Senator
from Pennsylvania, m offering this amendment,
declared distinctly that, in his judgment, on ac-
count of the former action of this body on a-like
proposition, there remained no alternative now but
to choose between the policy of giving awav these
public lands, or a large portion of them/to the
States within which they lie, or of adopting an
opposing policy of providing for their immediate
sale, or their speedy sale, by graduating their price.
It was m that view that he offered this proposition
as an amendment, and a substitute to that of giv-
ing public lands for lailroads. I am not prepared
to say at present whether I should be disposed, if
the option were left to me, to change the existing
policy of the Government to that which is pro-
posed by the amendment which the Senator offers.
I mean, that I am not prepared to say whether I
should be disposed to change the existing laws
offering the public lands? for sale at a minimum
pi ice, for a system of reducing them with a view
of speedy sale; but between the two propositions
of graduating the price of the public lands and
selling them rapidly, and that of giving them away
to the States within which they lie, I'prefer the
former. I shall therefore vote for the amendment
of the Senator from Pennsylvania, though I should
acquiesce cheerfully in allowing him to with-
draw it.
Mr. BELL. Mr. President, I would like to
hear from the honorable Senator from Virginia,or
the honorable Senator from Pennsylvania, what
security this amendment that is proposed will give
to the country, if it should pass, that the land will
not still be divert away to railroads?
Mr. DOUGLAS. This may obviate somegen-
tleman's objections to the land bills.
Mr. BELL. It seems to me that there will be
no security whatever, but that we shall just go on,
and whenever think it is liberal and proper to-
waidsthe new States, givethem additional appro-
priations for internal improvements. I do not
understand that the proposition of the honorable
Senator from Pennsylvania proposes to afford any
security on that head, but proposes to hasten the
sale of the public lands. Now, it is said that there
is a large amount, such an amount as 250,000,000
acres of public land in the market. If that is
so, if we reduce them to forty cents an acre, it
wou'ld take years and years before they could be
appropriated; and in the meantime they would
remain open to applications to the liberality and
justice, if you please, ofCongress, in makingthese
improvements. I desire to ascertain whether there
and I know he does not desire to, embarrass our ij be any security contemplated on that point.
bill and force us to vote down, as we will certainly [' —   
do, a proposition to which we are as friendly as he
can be. i
Mr. BRODHEAD. I stated when I first offered |
this substitute that 1 djd not design to embarrass j
gentlemen in these votes. I can say to the Sen- ,
ator from North Carolina [Mr. Mangum] that |
this proposed substitute of mine was not prepared :
or drawn by me. It is a well-matured measure, 1
one which has been under the consideration of-
this body before, and which was brought forward j
by a gentleman from one of the land States. As ^
there seems, however, to be a great desire that I i
should withdraw this substitute and subsequently ,,
offer it as an independent proposition, I think it ■!
better for me to do so. I desire that gentlemen ■
shall be unembariassed in their action here. I was i
sincere m bringing this proposition to the notice
of the Senate. I hope that the original bill will be
voted down for the reasons which I stated yester- j!
day, and then I shall bring forward this measure '
as an independent proposition. 1
The PRESIDENT. With the permission of i
the Senate the amendment can be withdrawn. ;
Mr. PRATT. As the yeas and nays have !
been called, I desire to record my vote against the
proposition. J
Mr. BRODHEAD, Have I not the right to 1
withdraw the amendment ? ^ j!
Mr. PRESIDENT. Not except by unanimous 1
consent. Does the Chair understand the Senator I.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair would beg
leave to interrupt the Senator for a moment. Oil
turning to the rule, which he will read, the Chair
is aware that it is in the power of the Senate,
even after the yeas and nays have been ordered,
to permit the withdrawal of a proposition. The
10th rule is:
a When a motion shall be made and seconded, it shall be
reduced to writing, if desired by the Pie^idenf. or any mem-
ber, delivered in at the table, and read, belore the same
shall he debated; and any motion maybe withdrawn by
the mover at any tune before n dfr-i&ion. amendment, or
oiderincof the yf*a<; and nays except a motion to recon-
sider, winch shall not be withdrawn without the leave ofthe
Senate."
" Leave of the Senate" is given by the action
ofamajority. And therefore the mover of aprop-
osition, even after the yeas arid nays have been
ordered, (though the Chair just now was under a
different impression,) can withdraw it, if a majority
of the Senate decide to grant leave.
Mr. BADGER. 1 move, then, that the honor-
able Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr. Brodhead]
have leave to withdraw his amendment.
Mr. MASON. I wish to say a word in answer
to what fell from the Senator from Tennessee,
[Mr. Beu..] I understand that Senator to inquire
what security the country will have against thus
giving away the public lands, even if we should
adopt the policy of graduating and reducing their
price. Now, rir, I would answer the Senator by
saying that, from my experience in this Govern-
