1678
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 7,
with the evidence necessary to discharge his du-
ties faithfully to the Government, whose agent he
is? Sent thstre to run and mark between this na-
tion and Mexico a boundary line which runs
"westwardly along the whole southern boundary of
New Mexico (which runs north of the town
called Paso) to its western termination ?" Has he
not been apprised of the act of the Mexican Con-
gress establishing the southern boundary of New
Mexico? And having been apprised of it, has he
not utterly disregarded it and its effect?
Under the Spanish Government the Province of
New Biscay adjoined the Territory of New Mex-
ico, being on the west of the Rio Grande, and on
the south and southwest of New Mexico. The
boundary line between the two Provinces was the
parallel of latitude of 31°. I believe the boundary
between New Biscay (Nueva Biscaya) and New
Mexico remained unaltered by the Mexican Gov-
ernment until 1824.
In that year the State of Chihuahua was organ-
ized'. It was admitted into the Federal Union.
Its limits were in that year defined by an act of
the Mexican Congress. And by that act (if the
southern boundary of New Mexico was until that
time the parallel of latitude of 31°) the southern
boundary of New Mexico was changed. On the
wesf of the Rio Grande the southern boundary of
New Mexico and the northern boundary of Chi-
huahua are the same. And this is the only por-
tion of the boundary line now in controversy. I
have the decree of the Mexican Congress, to
which I refer. Here it is. And I give the ori-
ginal with my translation,"so that my translation
and the original may be compared:
decreto.
Demarcation del Tcrritorio de l<t Provincia dc Chihuahtia.
EI Soberano Consrpco General Constifnvente dp lo«? Esta-
fios Umdos Mexieanos h& temdo & bien decretar—
El Territorio de la provincia de Chihuahua lo cotnpendra
todolo comprendiiio enuela* linsas rectus tirada* de Uricine
4 ponipnte del panto 6 pueblo llamado Paso del Nnrte por
una parte con 1a jiirisdicion que siempra ha tenido, y la
hacienda de Rio Flondo por el lado de Duiango con su
respectivo pert«*nenci&.
IiO tendra entidido. &c.
Mexico, 27 de Julio, de 1824.
Boundary of the Territory of the Province of Chihuahua.
The Sovereign General Constituent Congress of the United
Mexican States has held to be well decreed—
The Terutory of the Province of Chihuahua shall in-
clude all comprehended between light lines drawn from the
east to the we.-t, from the point or town called Paso del
Norte on the one side, with Uip jurisdiction it has always
possessed, and the hacienda of the Rio Flondo, on the side
of Duiango, with its respective appurtenances.
It shall be.
Mexico, 27ih July, 1824.
The northern boundary of Chihuahua, as far as
that State and New Mexico were coterminous, was
the southern boundary of New Mexico, and that
line is the line which it was the duty of the com-
missioners to run and mark. This hue commences
on the north of the town of El Paso, leaving that
town within the State of Chihuahua. Those who
drafted the treaty were aware of this boundary
line, for the treaty mentions this line as being on
the north of Paso; and without those words it
might have been contended this line ran through
the town of Paso. But this would not have been
a fair construction of the act; for this act, I claim,
leaves the town of Paso with us jwisdiction within
the State of Chihuahua. This act of the Mexican
Congress places the matter beyond dispute. It
solves the whole question. It shows the point on
the Rio Grande where the southern line of New
Mexico touched that stream. There is no neces-
sity of ascertaining the latitude and longitude of
places laid down on Disturnell's map in order to
determine the initial point of this line. It shows
there is about to be a surrender of territory which
as clearly belongs to us as does any portion of
New Mexico.
It shows our rights have not been asserted, but,
on the contrary, have been neglected and aban-
doned. And are we to submit to this? Are we
to permit any portion of our territory to be sur-
rendered by Executive officers, or by the Exec-
utive himself, to a foreign power?
1 have sought to obtain a copy of Disturnell's
map, and have one here, ft appears, however, to
have been published in 1848. The map referred
to in the treaty was published in 1847. There is
no statement that any corrections or alterations
have been made on this by the publisher. I may
do injustice in assuming it is in all respects similar
to the map mentioned in the treaty. But if it is
precisely like the map mentioned in the treaty, a
bare inspection of this map will show that the
line has not been run upon the southern boundary
of New Mexico, as laid down on it. El Paso, on
the map, is south of the parallel of latitude of
320, and the line run by the commissioners is on
the parallel of latitude of 320 22% more than forty-
two miles north of El Paso.
I |But i do not rest the case upon the lines laid
down upon the map. The treaty declares the
southern" boundary of New Mexico shall be the
boundary between this natiou and Mexico. I
have shown where that boundary is, and that the
commissioners have not run and marked that
boundary line upon the line mentioned in the
treaty. I have briefly stated the points involved
in this question. Perhaps, at some other time, 1
may agam recur to this subject.
The question was then taken on Mr. Brooks's
amendment to the amendment, and it was dis-
agreed to.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I propose
the following amendment: to strike out all after
the word "provided," and insert the following:
Thai nothing herein contained shall be m> construed as
to sanction a depaiture Irotn any Other point on the Rio
Grande, north ot the town called Paso, than that designa-
ted in the said treaty ; nor irom any point on the eaith's
suriace, north of points designated on Disturnell's map of
1847, as lying above or rio/th of said intersection ot the
Southern boundary oi New Mexico and the Kio Giaude.
The matter to which this amendment refers is
of great interest and importance. Gentlemen
have charged here that the Department of the In-
tenor is throwing away valuable and extensive
rights, by permitting the execution of the survey
of our boundary with Mexico upon improper
principles, springing from a misconception of the
treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo. Gentlemen do not
appear to have agreed among thefnselves as to the
pioper mode of determining the southern bound-
ary of New Mexico. One talks of " course and
distance giving way to natural monuments upon
the ground;" another brings Mexican decrees and
legislative acts, whereby to prove the exact
boundary according to ancient Mexican interpre-
tation; another produces the map of 1848 to
show where the line runs. Sir, these arguments
are useless—monuments are of no account in this
transaction, unless they are referred to m the
treaty; for we made an express contract that the
line should be run " according to Disturnell's
map of 1847," a copy of which was attached to
the treaty, signed and sealed by the high con-
tracting parties, and is, to all intents, as much a
part of the treaty of Hidalgo as any clause of that
instrument. One gentleman says, the map has
laid down the line in wrong latitude, and that the
staked line upon the ground shows the error;
another, that the fixation of the northern bound-
ary of Chihuahua, by legislative decree, exhibits
the true line. My reply is, that we have made an
exnress contract to run the line as it is delineated on
a certain map; and, regardless of decrees and nat-
ural monuments, the true line of the treaty is the
line as shown on Disturnell's map of 1847, and
that copy of it which is signed by the parties—no
other.
The treaty establishes the line thus: " Com-
' mencing at the mouth of the Rio Grande, and
' running thence up the middle of the main channel
' of that river until it intersects the southern bound-
4 ary of New Mexico." To find that point of in-
tersection is the problem. The treaty solves it.
How ? By an express declaration that the south-
| ern boundary line named in the treaty, is that
boundary line " as delineated on Disturnell's map
of 1847," a copy of which, " signed and sealed by
1 the parties," is attached to the treaty, and forms
| part of it. Nothing remains to be done, but to
■i run that line on the earth's surface, as it is laid
1: down on that map. If that map contains geograph-
,\ ical errors, the treaty has consecrated them, and
I the United States cannot correct them now with-
I out a violation of the treaty. It is useless to pro-
duce authority to show where Mexico had form-
j| erly established the line—useless to argue that
,| Disturnell made a mistake in compiling his map.
I This learning should have been possessed by the
commissioner who made the treaty, or by the
,: Senate which ratified it. It can have no force here
, and now. 1 understand the gentleman from Texas
! [Mr. Howard] to assert that Mr. Bartlett has not
; followed the map of the treaty, but that by taking
the latitude and longitude of the point of intersec-
tion of the Rio Grande and the southern boundary
of New Mexico, he has lost some seven thousand
square miles of territory to the United States. I
fear that a grave error may have been committed
in this transfer of the point, but I imagine the
commissioner has, nevertheless, followed the map.
The question is, how to establish on the earth's
surface the point of intersection as it is fixed upon
the map of the treaty ? There are, clearly, two
ways of doing this.
1st. To ascertain exactly the longitude and
latitude of the point (by mathematical instruments)
upon the map of the treaty, and then by sidereal
observations, to establish the same point on the
earth's surface. This method the commissioner
pursued, as I understand, and the point is thereby
fixed thirty-eight miles north of the town of E1
Paso.
2d. Instead of determining the point by means
of latitude and longitude, it might have been
determined by reference to established points
exhibited by the map of the treaty. Thus, Ei
Paso is a town laid down on the map, and referred
to in the treaty. We know where the town of El
Paso is, on the earth's surface. The protractor
would show in a moment the course of a line
drawn through El Paso, and the point of intersec-
tion of the Rio Grande with the southern bound-
ary of New Mexico, as established on the map—
the dividers applied to the scale of Disturnell's
map "®puld show the distance of that point from
El Paso. Taking the course by the compass, you
run the distance, unless stopped by finding the
Rio Grande short of it; or if you pursue the course
until you exhaust the distance, and do not find the
stream, the distance must be prolonged, or the natural
object called for must be sought by the shortest line to
it. Now, sir, as I understand, the scale of the
map of the treaty shows the point of intersec-
tion as only a few miles from El Paso, and very
little north of it; while the sidereal and solar obser-
vations to establish the exact latitude and longitude
of the point, throw it thirty-eight miles north.
The difference in establishing the initial point
according to the one or the other of these methods -
involves a large difference m the survey; for a lap
is embraced between the lines run from these
points respectively, thirty miles wide, and in length
extending across New Mexico. Besides, when
the western boundary of New Mexico is reached
by the lower line, or southern fork of the Gila,
presents itself to the call of the treaty; while, by
pursuing the upper line, a much greater ^stance
on the western boundary is to be run to find a
northern fork of the Gila, to answer to the call of
the treaty. Of course, here again the lap of coun-
try between the forks of the Gila is to be won or
lost by the method pursued m determining the in-
itial point on the Rio Grande. It is said that the
only practicable railway route to the Pacific, lies
through this lap. The Hofise will understand,
then, that this presents a subject of large import-
ance, and great interest to the United States. The
conditions of the treaty are already sufficiently
onerous, and I am not disposed to lose anything
which belongs to us by the treaty now, in order that
our children may pay to reacquire it from Mexico
hereafter.
I think I understand how the American com-
missioner happened to adopt the idea of establish-
ing the initial point by reference to latitude. On
Disturnell's map the width of New Mexico runs
through three meridians of longitude, and Mr.
Bartlett determined to claim all the longitude given
by the map, without reference to "natural monu-
ments." This plan gave distance to the west,
and of course made again to the United States on
the long line of New Mexico. After some hesita-
tion, the Mexican commissioner conceded the
proposition that the longitude was to be measured
agreeably to the map, and thus forced the Amer-
ican commissioner to consult latitude also in the
establishment of the initial point on the Rio Grande.
This, I apprehend, is the whole of the case.
Now, sir, to my amendment: If Disturnell's map
of 1847 calls for any town or settlement, or " nat-
ural monument," and fixes it in the vicinity of
and north, of the point of intersection of the Rio
Grande with the southern boundary of New
Mexico, our commissioner is instructed by the
amendment that in establishing the initial point
on the Rio Grande he mustkeep to the south of these
towns and natural monuments. In other words,
