xliv
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
of the United States of America in Congrtss assembled,
That the Postmaster General shall be, and he is
hereby, authorized in his discretion to contract for
carrying the mail on all the plank roads which
have been or shall be constructed in the United
States, and in all cases when in his opinion the
public interest and convenience require it; and that
for the lime daring which mails may be carried
on such plank roads, or any part thereof, the same
shall be and they are hereby declared to be post
roads of the United States.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the road
from Vallona Springs, in Broome county, New
York, by the way of Ninevah and Coventry, to
Oxford, be and the same is hereby declared a post
road. And the Postmaster General is authorized
to pay a reasonable compensation for carrying the
mail on said route, by discretion of the Department,
previous to this time. And that the road from
Oxford aforesaid, by the way of Coventryville to
South Bainbridge, be,and the same is hereby, de-
clared a post road.
Approved, July 12, 1852.
[No. 14.]—Joint Resolution providing fur the distri-
bution of the Laws of Congress and the Debates
thereon.
With a view to the cheap circulation of the laws
of Congress and the debates contributing to the
true interpretation thereof, and to make free the
communication between the representative and
constituent bodies:
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembltd, That from and after the present session
of Congress, the Congressional Globe and Ap-
pendix, which contain the laws and the debates
thereon, shall pass free through the mails so long
as the same shall be published by order of Con-
gress: Provided, That nothing herein shall be con-
strued to authorize the circulation of the Daily
Globe free of postage.
Approved, August 6, 1852.
PRIVATE ACTS.
[No. 1.]—An Act to admit a Vessel called the Etiivan
to Registry,
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United Stales of Amei ica in Congress
assembled, That there be issued, under the direction
of the Secretary of the Treasury, a register for the
barque "Etiwan, ofCharleston," formerly a Swe-
dish vessel called the Ulrica, but now owned by W.
Bradford, Carson, Harlle & Co., and William
Thayer, citizens of the State of Soi'th Carolina,
the said vessel having been burned in the harbor
at Charleston, and become a wreck, was con-
demned and sold, and was purchosed by them,
and which they have caused to be repaiied and
refitted for sea again: Provided, It shall be proved
to the satisfaction of the Secretaiy of the Treasury
that the cost of the repairing and refitting said
barque in the United States, after purchase by the
present owners, exceeds tin ee fourths of the value
of said vessel when so reconstructed.
Approved, January 23, 1852.
[No. 2]—An Act authorizing the Secretary of the
Treasury to issue a Register to the Brig Ada.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congrest
assembled, That there be issued, under thedirection
of the Secretary of the Treasury, a register for
the br'g Ada, formerly a British vessel, but now
owned by Joseph A. Barelh, a citizen of the State
of Louisiana, which said vessel having been
wrecked near the Bah'ze, at the mouth of the Mis-
sissippi river, and condemned, and which he has
caused to be repaired and iefitted for sea: Piovided,
It shall be proved to the satisfaction of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury that the cost of the repairs
made in the United States, after the purchase of
the said vessel by the present owner, exceeds
three fourths of the original cost of building a
vessel of the same tonnage in the United States.
Approved, January 23, 1852.
[No. 3.]—An Act for the Relief of Edward Everett.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the sum of six hundred and seven
dollars and fifty cents be allowed to Edward
Everett, late a sergeant in company A, first regi-
ment, Illinois volunteers, in full for services
rendered by him to the Quartermaster's Depart-
ment at San Antonio, from October fifteen, eigh-
teen hundred and forty-six, to June seventeenth,
eighteen hundred and forty-seven, and the same
be paid to him out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated.
Ai^royed, January 27, 1852.
[No. 4.]—An Act for the Relief of the Virginia
Woolen Company.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That tne Secretary of the Treasury
cause to be paid to the Virginia Woolen Company,
or to its duly authorized agent, the sum of six
thousand and eighty-five dollars and four cents,
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated; this being the amount retained by
the United States from the said company for an
alleged non-compliance with a contract entered
into between the United States and said company,
on or about the tenth day of January, one thou-
sand eight hundred and forty-eight, for the deliv-
ery of one hundred thousand yards of cloth.
Approved, January 27, 1852.
[No. 5.]—An Act to admit the hermaphrodite Brig
Sylphide to Registry.
Be it enabled by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Slates of America in Congress
assembled, That there be issued, under the direc-
tion of the Secretary of the Treasury, a register
for the hermaphrodite brig Sylphide, formerly of
Bremen, but now owned by John S. Maunsell
and William Parker, citizens of the United States,
residing in Louisiana, which vessel wascondemned
by the port wardens of the port of New Orleans,
and afterwards sold at public auction, and pur-
chased by said Maunsell and Parker for the sum
of three hundred and eighty dollars, and has since
been repaired and refitted for sea, at the expense
of four thousand dollars: Provided, It shall be
proved to the satisfaction of the Secretary of the
Treasury that the cost of repairing and refitting
said hermaphrodite brig in tne United States ex-
ceeds three-fourths of the value of said vessel,
when so reconstructed.
Approved, February 27, 1852.
[No. 7.]—An Act for the Relief of Rufus Durinel.
Be it enacted bif the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby authorized and directed to cause
to be paid to Rufus Dwmel, the sum of thirteen
thousand and thirty-seven dollars and seventy-
two cents, the same to be paid out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated
Approved, March 11, 1852.
[No. 8.]—An Act to extend the Time for selling the
Lands granted to the Kentucky Asylum for teaching
the Deaf and Dumb.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congiess
assembled, That the further time of five years,
from and after the expiration of the time hereto-
fore allowed, be, and the same is hereby allowed
; and permitted " The trustees of the Center Col-
• lege of Kentucky," who are also trnstees of the
; Kentucky Asylum for teachingthe deaf and dumb,
1 to sell the lands heretofore granted said asylum,
| and confirmed to said trustees, for the use of said
asylum, by acts of Congress heretofore passed.
Approved, March 11, 1852.
[No. 9.]—An Act for the Relief of James Ferguson,
surviving partner of the firm of Ferguson and Mil-
hado.
Be it enactedby the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled) That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby authorized and directed to pay to
James Ferguson, surviving partner of the late firm
of Ferguson & Milhado, of the city of Norfolk,
in Virginia, out of any moneys in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, a sum not exceeding
seven hundred and thirty-five dollars and sixty
; cents, being the amount alleged to have been paid
I by them in discharge of their bond given the
United States, dated May twenty-second, eighteen
hundred and forty-eight,for duties on one hundred
and forty-two hogsheads of molasses, which were
destroyed by fire, while in public store, on the
fourteenth day of June, eighteen hundred and
forty-eight: Provided, That satisfactory evidence
shall be produced to the Secretary of the Treasury
of the destruction of said merchandise by fire as
aforesaid.
Approved, March 19, 1852.
[No. 6.]—An Act for the Relief of Lieutenant-Col-
onel Mitchell, of the State of Missouri.
Be it enactcd by the Senate and House of Represent-
atires of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That it shall be theduty of the Attorney-
General of the United States to prosecute the writ
of error pending before the Supreme Court of the
United Slates in the case of D. D. Mitchell versus
M. X. Harmony, without cost to the plaintiff in
en or.
Sec. 2. And be it farther enacted, That the At-
torney-General be, and he is heieby directed to
cause such chancery or other proceedings to be in-
stituted in the name of D. D. Mitchell versus M.
X. Harmony, or his assignees, before the proper
court at St. Louis, Missouri, as shall stay proceed-
ings upon a certain judgment at law, in the name
of said Harmony against said Mitchell, until the
rendition of an opinion by the Supreme Court of
the United States upon the writ of error aforesaid.
And it shall be the duty of the Secretary of the
Treasury to cause such security to he entered by
the United States as shall indemnify and save said
Mitchell harmless against said judgment.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted. That whenever
the Attorney-General of the United States shall
certify to the Secretary of the Treasury that the
writ of error in the cause aforesaid has failed, or
that no further steps can be taken at law or in
equity, whereby to avoid the payment of said
judgment in favor of said Harmony rendered in
the State of Missouri, then it shall be the duty of
the Secretary of the Treasury, and he is hereby
authorized to liquidate and satisfy said judgment,
damages, and costs, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Approved, March 11,1852.
[No. 10.]—An Act for the Relief of Philip Miller.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be re-
quired to place the nameof Philip Miller, ofTCen-
tucky, upon the roll of invalid pensioners, and
; that the said Philip Miller be entitled to receive the
1 sum of eight dollars per month during- his natural
life, to commence on the first day of May, eighteen
hundred and forty-eight.
Approved, March 19, 1852.
[No. 11.]—An Act for the Relief of Williams, Staples,.
and Williams.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Reprcsenta-
J tives of the United States of America in Congress
j asse7nbled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
! and is hereby authorized and directed to pay to
Williams, Staples, and Williams, of the city of
j Norfolk,intheStateofVirginia,outofany moneys
I in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, a sum
not exceeding eleven hundred and fifty-six dollars
i and fifty cents, being the duty paid by them on
| one hundred and twenty-one hogsheads of sugar,
i which were destroyed by fire while in the public
j store, in the city of Norfolk aforesaid, on the four-
| teenth day of June, eighteen hundred and forty-
| eight, which sugars were imported by them into
the port of Norfolk, on or about the sixth day of
June, eighteen hundred and forty-eight: Provided,
That satisfactory evidence shall beproduced to the
Secretary of the Treasury of the destruction of said
sugar by the fire aforesaid.
Approved, March 19, 1852.
[No. 12.]—An Act to authorize the issuing of a Regis-
ter to the Brig America.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of Ameiica in Congress
