1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1670
we mean that places embraced by the map as within
the concessions of the treaty, shall be also em-
braced by the lines which he runs over the earth's
surface. I do not know that in an appropriation
bill we can do more than express the legislative
will in regard to this matter; for we have no power
to change the treaty, and cannot prevent the lines
from being run, because that is stipulated for in
the treaty; but we should adopt some mode of
suggesting to the Department which has charge
of this business, that our commissioner must not
so look into the stars as to lose sight of the ob-
jects on the earth which are ours according to the
Ueaty and the map accompanying it.
Mr. PHELPS again addressed the committee
on the subject of this boundary, but has availed
himself of the privilege sanctioned by custom, of
combining the remarks made on this occasion
with those previously made to-day. [His remarks
are published ip the Appendix.]
The question was then taken on Mr. Mar-
shall's amendment, and it was disagreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Georgia, moved to amend
the amendment by striking out the words " north
of the town called Paso," so as to make it read—
Provided, That nothing herein contained shall be ho con-
strued as to sanction a departme from the point on the Rio
Gxuide designated in the said treaty.
Mr. J. said: Mr. Chairman, this is simply a
question of construction of the compact between
the two Governments^ and the intent of the par-
ties, gathered from the language of the treaty, to
govern. Latitude, 1 believe, is not referred to. A
boundary is referred to—the limits of New Mex-
ico. The southern boundary line of the United
States is to run up the Rio Grande river north of
El Paso to a point where the southern boundary
of New Mexico crosses the Rio Grande. That
is the initial point. It is then to run westward,
along the southern boundary of New Mexico, to
the western limits of New Mexico, and then along
the northern boundary until it strikes the first
branch of the Gila river. Now, in this treaty,
the natural point referred to is the river. The
southern boundary of N ew Mexico is also referred
to, and th&t southern boundary is to be deter-
mined and adjusted by reference to the map of
DisLumeU. The town of El Paso is not to govern.
It lias nothing to do with it; nor has latitude.
The map is referred to for the purpose of showing
what are the boundaries of New Mexico; and
when they are ascertained, theft, fixes the limits of
the United States. That was the intent and ob-
ject of ths parties, and I therefore move to strike
out the words " north of the town of Paso."
Mr. HOWARD. I think it is safer to adhere
to the amendment of the Senate, for this reason:
that we have no right to put an ex parte construc-
tion upon the treaty, but we haVe a right to say
that the treaty shall be adhered to, and that the
treaty point shall be adhered to, and for the simple
reason that the commissioners of the two Gov-
ernments have no power to change it. I think,
therefore, that the amendment, as it now stands m
the language of the treaty, is the safest, and that
it cannot give rise to any objection on the part of
the Mexican Government I think it would be
safer to adhere to it as it is.
The amendment offered by the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Marshall] was, "m one respect,
a very good provision; but the latter clause of it
might have the appearance of setting up a con-
struction of our own. It therefore seemed to me
to be the safest way to adhere to the language of
the Senate amendment, which is the language of
the treaty.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Jons-
sou's amendment, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. BROOKS. I rise to submit another amend-
ment, on which I shall ask a division of the com-
mittee. 1 move to amend the amendment by stri-
king out the words " from the point on the Itio
Grande north of the town called Paso, designated
in the said treaty," and to insert in lieu thereof,
"from the true line of the. treaty," so as to read:
Provided, That nothing herein contained shall be so_
cons.iiued as to sanction a departure from the uue line of
the treaty.
This proposition commits us in nothing to the
town of,El Paso, in nothing to Di^turuell's map;
it commits us to nothing but what we ought to be
committed to—the tru? line of the treaty; and that
true line of the treaty is to be decided upon by
the commissioners of the two Governments, or
hereafter to be decided on by treaty between the
two Governments if it cannot be agreed upon by
the commissioners.
The objection I have to the designation of the
town of El Paso is, that it seems to commit us to
that line, and that line only; and seems to non-
commit us to Disturnell's line, another essential
part of the treaty. Now, there is a question which
is the true line—the El Paso line, or the line of JJis-
turnell's map. I am willing to take whichever
! may be thfi true line of the treaty; but 1 am not
| willing to commit myself here by legislation, so
I as hereafter to be bound by that commitment,
; either to the town of El Paso, or to Disturnell's
; line. To the true line of the treaty, as the gen-
; tleman from Texas [Mr. Howard] says, we
, ought to be committed; but in this House, and m
I this condition of the House, we are not prepared
! to judge what is the true line of the treaty. Tlie
i danger of these commitments to particular designa-
| tions lies in the claims upon us hereafter to winch
i they give rise. Putthisprovisointheappropriation
j bill nuw, and*it will be cited as a piecedent, as a
j commitment, as a pledge on the part of this Con-
J gress to stand to the line of El Paso—to go to war
I with Mexico, if necessary, to stand to that line—
I or if not to go to war, to pay to New Mexico
1 some millions of dollars, it we cannot stand by
■ the line of El Paso. I am not willing to be com-
| mitted either to \i\ Paso or to Disturnell's map; but
! I will stand by the true line of the treaty, whatever'
j it may be, and to that line I ask the House to be
i committed.
i If the true line of the treaty runs thirty miles
! south of the line that has been surveyed, we are
\ committed to it, and pledged to stand by it. If it
runs thirty miles north of El Paso line, we shall
j be committed to it. But this House uf Repre-
! sentatives—the legislative power of this Govern-
| ment—ought not m an appropriation bill, without
I a proper study and comprehension of the whole
; subject, to commit itself to either of the lines—
: thatof El Paso,or thelineofDisturnell's map. Let
| us stand, then, by " the true line of the treaty."
! Mr. SWEETSER. I rise for the purpose of
i opposing the amendment of the gentleman from
| New York. It seems to me that, in the discus-
! sion which has sprung up here incidentally, we
i cannot, by any act of ours, get at the true condi-
I tion of things in relation to this boundary com-
' mission. It is well understood by some members
| in this House, and ought to be understood by the
! country, that there has been a disagreement be-
i tween the commissioner, Mr. Bartlett, who is now
! upon the border running this boundary, and
! Colonel Graham, an accomplished otficer of the
j Topographical Corps, whose services on our
1 northeastern boundary, in former times, aie weil
known to the country, and that said Graham has
1 refused to act. under the direction of said Com-
; mi^sioner Bartlett m fixing the starting point of
1 the Rio Grande, where it seems Commissioner
j Bartlett has'consented to have it fixed, and that
; in consequence of such difference of opinion, said
! Graham has been dismissed *from the commis-
' sion. Colonel Graham is one of the most ac-
I coniplished and well-informed officers in the coun-
' try. If we undertake to determine, by any action
at this time, where this line should be run upon
our imperfect data, we cannot escape error.
; We have on the one side Mr. Bartlett, the commis-
i sioner, and on the other Colonel Graham, who
■ differs with him, and who, in consequence of that
■ diiference, was dismissed. The attention of the
i country is called to this question of difference be-
| tween them, but we cannot determine it. One
1 thing, however, we can do. We can withhold
■ appropriations foi the iuture. It is probably our
1 duty, in this deficiency bill, to appropriate the
i means to meet arrears due the employees of the
1 Government. The House of Representatives
; I should hold the Administration responsible, and
!, compel an investigation into the conduct ot Com-
missioner Bartlett. I have no hesitation in saying,
|i from information I have, and which may be found
j] on the files of the Department ofthe Interior, that
j his acts wilt not bear sciutiny, and that, as soon
| as such examination takes place, he will^be wkh-
I drawnfrom that important public trust. The atten-
j tion of the country has slumbered long enough,
j and I am determined that the Administration shall
; be made responsible. The House of Representa-
I tives is called upon to see that right and justice is
done in this matter; but we cannot undertake to
decide it without the necessary data before us. I
am not in favor of this kind of legislation. I care
nothing about this proviso. It is a matter of no
import whatever. If a great pubfic wrong isabout
to be perpetrated under the sanction of the Ad-
ministration—if an attempt is being made to estab-
lish a line which is a fraud upon the treaty, let us
at once take the bull by the horns, and remedy the
evil, as becomes statesmen and Representatives of
the people, instead of attempting to reach it in this
negative manner.
We have no power to investigate this matter,
but we have the power to send forth a voice from
this Hall, calling for an investigation of the con-
duct of this commissioner, who stands charged '
with having committed a blunder, if nothingworse,
if) the establishment of this boundary. I repeat,
I am opposed to this amendment. Let us meet
this matter boldly, and do what we can in order
to remedy the evil. Let us say to the President,
that in making this appropriation to meet deficien-
cies due to innocent employees, we are keeping
the faith of the Government. But when we come
to act upon the civil and diplomatic bill, we will
withhold all future supplies for this boundary
commission until the country is fully informed
in relation to the doings of the past. We cannot
now satisfy ourselves in relation to the Irue start-
, mg point upon the Rio Grande. 1 am satisfied
1 that the one agreed upon by the present commis-
1 sioner ought not for a moment to be sanctioned.
Mr. CARTTER demanded tellers on Mr.
Brooks's amendment.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Stanton, of
i Tennessee, and Hendricks were appointed.
1 The question was then put, and the tellers re-
! ported—ayes 70, noes 64.
i So the amendment was agreed to. ,
! Mr. SACKETT. I move to strike out the
' whole proviso, and I will -state the reason why I
| make the motion.
| The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that
• amendment is hardly in order. The question is
! upon the adoption of the amendment of the Sen-
; ate as amended.
| Mr. SACKETT. I move to strike out all after
j the word "provided," for the purpose of makinga
1 statement which I think the House ought to have,
j The CHAIRMAN. The Chair suggests that
' the amendment is out of order. The question now
! before the committee is upon the adoption of the
: amendment of the Senate, as amended by the com-
1 mittee.
| Mr. SACKETT. The committee has not yet
\ adopted the proviso as amended. It is still sub-
ject to amendment. Have I not the right to ad-
ij dress the committee in opposition to the adoption
ji of that?
Jj [Cries of "No!" "No!" "No!"]
] The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman can ad-
1' dress the committee in support of it, [Laughter.]
(j The question was then taken upon the adoption
jj Of the fifth amendment of the Senate as amended
j! by the committee, and there were, on a division,
j, 69 in the affirmative, noes not counted.
;[ So the amendment as amended was adopted.
L The next and sixth amendment of the Senate
I; waS then read, considered, and adopted; namely,
ii to strike out the word "fifteen," and insert the
] word Sf twelve," in the following ekiuse, viz:
! (i For subdividing fifty townships in California in sections,
; at a rate not exceeding fiftceti dollars per mile, .£30,000."
The next and seventh amendment of the Senate
i was then read, as follows:
11 Insert after line one hundred and eijrht,
it " For compensation of the SurveyorGeneral of Arkansas,
pel act of August 8,1846, $2,000.
: " For clerks in the office of the Surveyor General of Ar-
; kansas-, per act of August 8, 1846, $6,300."
j! The CHAIRMAN. The question is on con-
[! curring in the amendment of the Senate.
j1 Mr. HOUSTON, That amendment was non-
concurred in by the Committee on Ways and
!' Means, and the question, I believe, is on<concur-
\ ring with the committee.
I, The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is not advised
!' of any report from the committee, and therefore
! stated the question to be upon concurring in the
!, amendment ofthe Senate.
• i Mr. HOUSTON. The way is to put the ques-
tion so as not to lose sight of the vaiious stages
of the proceedings, and that is upon concurring
i with the report of the Committee on Ways ana
1 Means, which is a committee of this House, be-
