THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
xlv
assembled, That there be issued, under the direc-
tions of the Secretary of the Treasury, a register
to the brig America, a British vessel, lately called
the Primrose, which vessel was stranded on the
coast of the United States, and purchased by
Nathaniel Noyes, a citizen of the united States,
and by him repaired: Provided, It shall be proved
to the satisfaction of the Secretary of the Treasury
that the cost of the repairs made in the United
States, after the purchase of the said vessel by the
present owner, exceeds three fourths of the original
cost of building a vessel of the same tonnage in the
United States.
Approved, April 2, 1852.
[No. 13.]—An Act to authorize the issuing of a
Register to the Ship Kossuth.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That there be issued, under the direc-
tion of the Secretary of the Treasury, a register
to the ship Kossuth, a Guatemalian vessel, lately
called the Ship Republic* de Guatemala, which
has been purchased by J. B. Stouvenel, a citizen
of the United States, while said vessel was lying
in the portof New-York almost a wreck: Provided,
That it shall be proved to the satisfaction of the
Secretary of the Treasury that the cost of her
repairs made in the United States, after the pur-
chase of the said vessel by her present owner,
exceeds three fourths of the original cost of building
a vessel of the same tonnage in the United States.
Approved, April 2, 1852.
[No. 14.]—Ati Act for the Relief of Theodore Off tit
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Slates uf America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby directed to pay to Theodore
Olfut, out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, the sum of ninety dollars, the
value of a bay mare, the property of said Oifut,
which was turned over for the use of the Govern-
ment by his commanding officer, Captain W. C.
Pollard, without authority.
Approved, April 14, 1852.
[No. ]5.]—An Act for the Relief of the Monroe
Railroad Company and their Sureties.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby authorized to cancel the several
bonds given by the Monroe Railroad Company
for the duties on certain railroad bars of iron im-
ported for the use of said company at Savannah,
in the State of Georgia, in the year eighteen hun-
dred and foity-one; and he is hereby further au-
thorized to enter the judgments satisfied, which
have been, or may be obtained by the United
States against said company, or their sureties, on
their bonds aforesaid, upon the defendants paying
the costs of said suits.
Approved, May 4, 1852.
[No. 1G.]—An Set for the Relief of Joseph Johnson.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House oj Represent-
atives qf the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Sectary of the It icr««>r be, and
he is hereby required to place the name of Joseph
Johnson, of Addison county, Vermont, on the
pension roll, at the rate of eight dollars per month;
said allowance to commence on the first d^y of
January, eighteen hundred and fifty, and continue
during his natural life.
Approved, May 4, 1852.
| sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
! assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
; and he is hereby authorized and directed to pay
: to James Lewis, out of any money in the Treasury
i not otherwise appropriated, the sum of three
, hundred and sixteen dollars—the amount recom-
j mended to be paid to him as witness fees and
i mileage, by the United States District Court for
! the Eastern District of Virginia.
j Approved, May 4, 1852.
I [No. 19.]—An Act for the Payment of Arrears of
| Pension to the Guardian of Artemas Conant.
! Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
j sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
, assembled, That the arrears of pension now due to
I Artemaa Conant, ail invalid pensioner, by an act
! passed July sixth, eighteen hundred and fifteen,
; be paid to his guardian for the use of said Conant,
i at the rate of five dollars and thirty-three and one-
1 third cents [£5.33j] per month, from March
fourth, eighteen hundred and thirty, to April
eighteen hundred and forty-six.
Approved, May 4, 1852.
[No. 20.]—An Act for the Relief of Charles G.
Hunter.
Be it enacted hy the Senate and Tlouse of Repre-
\ sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the proper accounting officers of
the Treasury Department be, and they are hereby
authorized and required to allow to Charles G.
I Hunter, credit for tnesum of seven thousand nine
. hundred and forty-nine dollars and eighty-eight
cents, beuig the amount of losses sustained by him
while commanding and acting as purser of the
steamer Scourge and the schooner Taney.
Approved, May 6, 1852.
[No. 21.]—An Act for the Relief of Jane Irwin,
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United Stales of America in Congress
assembled, That out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appiopriated, there shall be allowed
and paid to Jane invin, the only child of Colonel
Jared Irwin, who served in the Georgia State
troops from the beginning to the close of the rev-
olutionary war, as an equivalent for services ren-
dered and losses sustained by him, the half-pay of
a captain for the period of thirty-five years, with-
out interest.
Approved, May 6, 1852.
[No. 22.]—An Act for the Relief of Anna Norton
and Louis FoskU.
Be it enacted by the Senate arid House of Represent-
atives of the United Slates of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be
required to pay to Anna Norton and Louis Foskit,
the children and only heirs of Zephaniah Ross, a
revolutionary soldier, theamount of pension which
would have been paid to said Ross luul his pension
been continued to him from the fourth day of
March, eighteen hundred and twenty-two, to the
first day of January, eighteen hundred and twen-
ty-eight.
Approved, May 10, 1852.
[No. 17 ]—An Act for the Relief of Albra Tripp.
Be it enactcd by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United Slates of America^ hi Congress
assembled, That the name of Albra Tripp, a soldier
in the service of the United States in the late war
with Great Britain, be placed on the roll of invalid j
pensions, at the rale of four dollars per month, j
commencing the first day of December, eighteen j
hundred and fifty-one, to continue during his
natural life.
Approved, May 4, 1852.
[No. 23.]—An Act for the Relief of Sylvamis Blodget.
Beit enacted by the Senate and Hoine of Represent-
atives of the United States of Ameiica in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, required to place the name of
Sylvanus Blodget upon the pension roll, at eight
dollars per month, commencing on the seventh
day of January, Anno Domini eighteen hundred
and forty-six.
Approved. May 2G, 1852.
[No. 18.]—An Jet for the Relief of James Lewis.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rejwe-
[No. 24.]—An Act for the further Relief of Robert
Jtfilligan.
Be if enacted by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
asstmbled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby directed to place the name of
Robert Milligan upon the invalid pension roll, at
the rate of four dollars per month, in addition to
the sum of four dollars per month to which he is
entitled under the law of Congress, approved June
twenty-fifth, eighteen hundred and thirty-four, to
commence on the first day of January, in the year
eighteen hundred and fifty-two.
Approved, May 26, 1852.
[No. 25.]-
-An Act for the Relief of John 17. Rob-
inson.
Be if. enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Stales of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby authorized and directed to place
the name of John W. Robinson, of the State of
Maryland, a soldier of the late war with Great
Britain, on the invalid pension roll, at eight dollars
per month, to commence on the first day of Jan-
uary, eighteen hundred and fifty, and to continue
during his natural life.
Approved, May 2G, 3852.
[No. 26.]—An Act for the Relief of William Gteer,
Be it enacted bij the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the TreaMity be,
and he is hereby directed to pay to William
Greer, out of any moneys in the Treasury not
otherwise appiopnated, the sum of sixty dollars
and twenty-five cents, with legal intei est thereon
from July, eighteen hundred and forty-three, it
being in full payment of moneys by him at that
time advanced to the United States.
Approved, May 26, 1852.
[No. 27.]—An Act to change the Name of the Ameri-
can-Uiult vessel named Amelia, and to grant a Re-
gister in her name.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United Slates of America in Congress
' assembled, That the collector of the customs for
■ the port of Baltimore be, and he is heieby author-
ized, under the direction of the Secretary of the
Treasury, to admit to register,under the name and
title of the "Harbinger," the schooner now owned
by Joseph Weathers, and known as the "Amelia."
Appro\ed, June 10, 1852.
[No. 28.]—An Act to authorize the fcsuing a Register
to the Schooner Caroline, of Barnstable.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That there be issued, under the direc-
tion of the Secretary of the Treasury, a register
to the schooner Caroline, a British vessel which
was wrecked on the coast of the United Stales in
January, eighteen hundred and fifty-two, and pur-
chased by Lewis Crosby, a citizen of the United
States, and by him repaired: Provided, It shall be
proved to the satisfaction of the Secretary of the
Treasury that the cost of the repairs made in the
United States, after the purchase of the vessel by
the present owner, shall exceed three fourths of
the present value of said vessel, after having been
so repaired.
Approved, June 10, 1852.
[No. 29.]—An Act to change the Name of the Steam-
boat Brilliant.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Represent'
alives of the United States of Amerira in Congress
assembled, That tne owneis of the steamboat "Bril-
liant" be, and they are hereby authorized to change
the name of the said boat to that of Mary Hunt,
nnd to make a new registry of said boat in that
name, at the port of Louisville, in the State of
Kentucky.
Approved, June 15, 1852.
[No. 30 ]—An Act for the Relief of William S.
Payne.
Be it cnacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Stales of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury is
hereby authorized and directed to pay to William
S. Payne, of the State of Virginia, out of any
money in the Treasury not othei wise appropriated,
the sum of fifty dollars, bein;: the amount of fine
imposed on him, and by him paid to the collector
at Tappahannock, for neglecting to renew the
license on the vessel William Page, m the year
eighteen hundred and forty-nine.
Approved, June 19, 1852.
