768
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 16.
that I am not out of order altogether in my re-
marks on this occasion) with the grounds which
I assume, in part, for voting for this bill in favor
of Iowa and other new States, as I have voted
for Illinois, for the Southern States, Mississippi,
and Alabama, and would have voted for Michi-
gan and Wisconsin, had they been up, and do ex-
pect to vote for them, and as I would have voted
for appropriations made in behalf of the public
improvements in the State of Indiana.
Now, sir, what I wish to state is, that when
that bill was up two sessions ago, I assumed the
same principle in argument that I did the other
day, and that was, that if there be anything in
the principle of Congress having the power to
give a portion of this estate to improve the re-
mainder of it, they could give lands lying in Illi-
nois, in Mississippi, or in Alabama, to construct
a railroad through Kentucky and Tennessee; that
the principle was the same, if by connecting these
two roads you improve the whole body of the
public domain on each extremity, or wherever it
exists on the line of the railroad. And 1 wanted
to state, that when the bill appropriating some
4,000,000 or 5,000,000 of acres, I presume, to
Alabama, Mississippi, and lllitmis was up, I
made the proposition directly that a fair, ratable
proportion of the lands proposed to be appropria-
ted by that bill to those States, should be applied,
when sold by them, to the completion of the con-
necting link between Cairo, at the mouth of the
Ohio, and the southern boundary of Tennessee,
going through a part of Tennessee and Kentucky;
but I was advised by the friends of the measure—
I had always been in favor of liberal appropria-
tions of the public lands to the new Slates—that
if I pressed my amendment, it would inevitably
defeat the whole measure. Upon consultation
with the Senator from Illinois—and this is the
point to which I wish to call his attention and
upon which I want his statement—lie said to me
that his judgment was the same with regard to
pressing my amendment; buthe thought that a
proper and fair construction of the bill, then, as
{ had the impression until recently, did make ihe
lands or the proceeds of them liable to be appro-
priated ratably, according to the terms of that
act, for the construction of the road through Ten-
nessee and Kentucky. I must be mistaken in that
impression, because, on looking over the bill, f do
not see any clear pretext for stating that the lands
appropriated in Illinois should be thus applied;
but I rather think the lands appropriated to Mis-
sissippi and Alabama do bear that construction.
What I want now, is for the honorable Senator
to state what is his recollection of that conversa-
tion, and of his impression at that time as to the
proper construction of that act, in justice to my-
self for having forborne to press that amendment,
although I was expecled to do so, by some friends
oft fiat connecting /ink in Tenncssecand Kentucky.
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 have not a distinct recol-
lection of the conversation to which the Senator
from Tennessee refers, although I have a very
strong impression upon my mind of having had
my attention called to that provision of the bill by
some one—probably the Senator from Tennes-
see—and of the impression resting upon my mind
at that time. The Illinois bill, when written by
myself, only extended to the State of Illinois, and
did not contemplate the construction of any load
beyond the limits of that State. When an amend- !
ment was offered—I think by the present presi- !
ding officer of the body—to extend that road from ;
the mouth of the Ohio to Mobile, and to grant to !
the States of Mississippi and Alabama lands on '
the same condition, to the same extent, and with ,
the same privileges as the other road, it did noi
occur to me that that language would make anv
grant for making a road m Tennessee and Ken-
tucky, but simply be confined to Mississippi and
Alabama. At a subsequent period, my attention
vms Ccdled to the language used in theamendment,
and 1 confess it was my impression then, and it if
vet, that the language employed in it does not bear
the construction that the lands were to be selected
in Mississippi and Alabama, not only for a road
in those States, but for one from the line of the :
Sfate of Mississippi up to the mouth of the Ohio
ri\ er. That is still my impression the fa>r con-
struction of that language, although at tho time the
measure was brought forward, it had never occur- |
red to me that any such constiuctiun could be put i
upon it, j
Mr. BELL. That is the precise way in which
I understood the honoraote Senator.
Mr. DAVIS. I was desirous of saying some-
thing upon this subject, but I do not propose do-
ing so this evening, and. relinquish my purpose
because of the state of my health. But I wish,
before the vote is taken, to put myself in a posi-
tion so that I may not be hereafter deemed incon-
sistent in whatever course I may pursue in regard
to it. 1 have seen it stated that there are now
bills before the two Houses of Congress for roads
to be constructed by a grant of alternate sections
through the puohc lands, sufficient in number and
sufficient ill amount to take some 30,000,000
acies of the public lands to satisfy the proposed
grants.
If 1 vote for this bill—and I believe I have
generally voted for measures of this character
when they have appeared to be sanctioned by a
sound discretion and by a promise of usefulness—
I do not wish that it shall be hereafter under-
stood that I commit myself to a system like that;
I do not wish it to be understood that I bind my-
self by any obligation to vote for these \anous
measures as they may be successively presented
for the consideration of Congress; for when we
come to u point like that, where thirty millions,
or any great quantity, be it greater or less, <Sf the
public lands is to be disposed of by bills of this
character, it strikes me that it is a proposition of
a very grave import, that it deserves the very de-
libeiate consideration of Congress, and that it
should be understood in all its bearings. One of
the objections which I oftenest hear raised here
—is the protest which is made in terms of
fervent expostulation against speculators. They
are everywheie denounced in the halls of Con-
gress, as persons the most prejudicial and injurious
to the public interests with regard to the public
lands. Well, what do we see occurring here
among those who raise this objection ? One of the
first grants, the entering wedge of this great sys-
tem, is made to the State of Illinois, of some
3,000,000 acres, or perhaps a little short of that;
and now we are advised, by gentlemen in their
places here, that it is arranged to pass that proper-
ty out of the hands of the State of Illinois into
the bands of a private company; so that a com-
pany of speculators, if you please, shall become
the possessors of 3,000,000 acres of land m the
State of Illinois.
Again: it, is deprecated, and has been deprecated
this morning in very solemn and apparently anx-
ious terms, that a State should not be a possessor
of public lands within a State; and yet, sir, it is
the very gist of every one of these measures that a
State should be the owner of the public lands, and
become the competitor of the United States in the
sale of public lands; and I notice when a State is to
profit by it, delay of sale constitutes no objection.
Then, again, we are really treated with some de-
gree of seom and contempt when we suggest that
this is a benefit to the States; for a gentleman has
just taken Ins seat who says that we give nothin°*
to the States. Does not Illinois get the land—and
land owned by the United States ? And does not
Illinois propose to make a railroad out of the land ?
And are not all these schemes founded on the idea
that money and funds aie to be laised out of the
lands by which the enterprise is to be carried into
effectNobody disputesthis; and is this nothing?
Can the money be obtained or the road made with-
out the land ? lint the gentleman assumes, because
he puts down upon paper that the alternate sec-
tions reserved to the United States shall not be
sold for less than §2 50 per acre, that the conse- 1
quence is, that the United States realize just as
much funds as if they had parted with none of the
land. Now, will the Senator from Missouri, will
the Senator from Illinois, will any of the gentle-
men who take the benefit of these lands guarantee
to the United States $2 50 per acre ? Will they
put a provision in the bill that the United States
shall realize that sum ' That is the precise point
of ^ difficulty that I have m the whole matter.
Ali the assumption and all the reasoning is found-
ed upon the idea that the United States are, with
certainty, to reilize $2 50 pera<-refnr these lands. .
If you go to p ist experience, I think the matter
will turn out quite otherwise; that the United
States, when they have granted alternate sections,
have realized nothing but the minimum price. ;
That is the result of my observation in relation to j
it, and I confess myself disappointed in regard to I
it; for there was a time when I anticipated bet-
ter results.
Gut, sir, while I am throwing out these sugges-
tions—and I do not mean to continue them—1 am
willing to vote for any of these enterprizes that
shall promote the public good, lea\ing each to
stand upon its own merits. But I am rather
grieved that gentlemen should rise hereand repudi-
ate the idea that they are receiving any benefit from
them; holding out the idea, while they insist on
having the land, that nothing is bestowed. It
seems to me to be a false assum ption ,and to smack
a little of ingratitude. I probably shall give my
vote for this bill; but I wish to say one word more
in regard to it, and then 1 shall have done.
There is one portion of it, of which I approve
veiy much; and there is another portion that is
not, to my mind, so plainly of public utility. I
do not see why it is expedient or necessary that
there should be a road to run parallel with the
Mississippi river, unless the navigation and im-
provements of that river ore to be abandoned.
Nov/, I do not suppose that the building of this
road involves that question. I take it that the Mis-
sissippi river is to go on and be a public highway,
and that we are still to be asked to make grants
for its improvement. If we are, then 1 do not see
my way clear to vote for a road which runs par-
allel, or nearly parallel, with the river. But still,
Ii.wa thinks it ought to have the privilege of fixing
these roads as it pleases. If it had been content
to take a little less, to run its road from the river
into the interior, opening new sources of com-
merce, I should be very well satisfied with it. I
do not know whether I am perfectly satisfied in
my own mind, whether the objection I now raise
is not such as ought to induce me to vote against
the bill; but 1 wish to throw out these ideas be-
fore I vote, that 1 may not, for one, he considered
as committed to this immense system in prospect,
by voting for this bill.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I have but a word to say. I
cannot understand these gentlemen who argue to
us that the alternate sections, which are reserved
to the United States, will not be worth $2 50 per
acre, while at the same time they turn round in
their arguments and charge that these large grants
to us for making railroads are worth $10 per acre.
Mr. DAVIS. I hope the Senator does not mean
to intimate that I said any such thing.
Mr. DOUGLAS. No, sir; I only say that those
who act with him argue thus. For instance, the
Senator from Georgia [Mr. Dawson*] the other
day, in an argument against the Illinois bill, went,
on to prove that the 2,700,000 acres granted to Il-
linois were worth twenty odd millions of dollars;
and he went on to prove that every acre of land
granted by that act of Congress to the State to aid
m making the road, would be worth ten dollais in
consequence of the making of the road; and after
summing up these enormous figures against Illi-
nois, and Alabama, and Mississippi, to show how
many millions these three States had made out of
the Federal Government by getting this quantity
of land, he turned round and said the Government
lands are not one farthing enhanced m value. How
is it then p If you benefit Illinois twenty odd mil-
lions, do you not benefit the United States twenty
odd millions more, by reserving the alternate sec-
tions to yourselves which are to be enhanced in
value by the construction of the road? I think if
you benefit us that much, yon benefit yourselves
to the same extent. I care not whether "it is twen-
ty-one millions, or ten millions, or five millions,
or how much it is. You must admit either that
you have enhanced the value of the public domain
belonging to the Government of the Uniteti States
by the grant, or else that these lands granted to
us were worth but %\ 25 per acre. But it seems
that one rule of computation prevails when you
count the advantages of tiie State, and a differ-
ent one prev ii!s when you compute the advan-
tages to the United States. My opinion is, that the
Senator from Georgia made an over-estimate when
he put them at £10 per acre. My opinion is,that
when you put them at £2 50, it is an under-esti-
mate; and, therefore, that it is a fair argument to
assume that the one half reserved to the United
States is worth more than the whole of the lands
would have been if the grant had not been made,
and if the road .should not be constructed. That
is the view we take; and when we say that you
are giving us nothing, we do not mean that the
grant is not beneficial to us; but we assert that it
