1630
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 7.
cause otherwise -the Hvjse might vote without
knowing anything the Committee on Ways and
Means have done. The universal practice is, that
whenever amendments from the Senate are sent
here, they are refened to a committee of this body,
and that committee concurs or non-concurs.' Then,
when they come back to the Committee of the
Whole from the committee to which they were
refeired, we either concur or non-concur with the
committee, and then when the amendments c me
iiro the House, the House concurs or non-concurs
with the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. The gentle-
man is entirely mistaken. A committee of this
House take the matter into consideration, and rec-
ommend to the House to concur or non-concur, \
and the <juestion always is as to concurrence with
tjje Senate.
Mr. HOUSTON. I think the gentleman is mis-
taken .
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
the question to be propounded now to the com-
mittee upon concurrmg in the amendment of the
Senate.
The question was then taken on the amendment
proposed by the Senate, and it was not agreed to.
The next being the eighth amendment proposed
by the Senate, was to strike out the word " five,"
and insert " six" in the following clause, viz:
" For surveys in the mineral region of Michigan, at a
rate not exceodmg five dollars poi mile, $2i ,65U.}'
Mr. HOUSTON. The Committee on Ways
and Means reject this amendment.
Mr. CONGER. The only question involved
here is, whether the maximum price to be allowed
for surveys of mineral lands in Michigan shall be
five or six dollars. As the bill originally passed the
House, it was five dollars. It was amended in the
Senate by striking on and inserting six. I believe
the Committee on Ways and Means did not rec-
ommend a concurrence in the amendment of the
Senate. It appears from a communication to the
Department here, from the surveyor general of
Michigan, that a less price than six dollars per
mile will not be sufficient to compensate any sur-
veyor of competent ability for this work. I will
send to the Clerk a communication from the sur-
veyor general of Michigan, upon this subject.
The communication was then read as follows:
Surveyor Gfneru.'s Office, >
Detroit, March 2 >, l&>2. \
I have learned, within a day or two, that the Committee
on Ways ami Mean* have recently reported to the Home
of Representative a bill containing an appropiution for sur-
veys in the mineral icgion*. ol this State, i regret to learn
also, that the committee have reduced the puce e^niatod
lor that service from six to five doihus per mile.
It douhtle-s known to the Dopaitmont that sk dollars
per mile, the inavumun pi ice heretofoie allowed lor mjt-
veymir in the numeral resion-S ia no more than a reasonable
allowance for that -<ctvice, audit is believed, therefore,
that the committee releried to haw not recived the sanc-
tion of your olli«'t , ui the action winch ha** been taken in
reference to thu appropuntion.
The amount asked lor m my estimate for the completion
of the surveys m the mineial region-, is no more than will
be required to accomplish the object designed, and it will
be impossible to go on with that work at a maximum price
of five dollars per mile. Some of the townships may per-
haps be surveyed at a le^s puce than >ix dollars. But in
the largot poition of that country no competent dftyuly
could !>•• induced to undertake the survey at a lower price
than that found in mv estimate,-which was made with care
and w.th particular inference to the towiuhipa to be sur-
ve>ed.
I have thPiefove respectfully to request that you will in-
form tne committee, oi other proper poinotib, of "the absolute
necessity of makin; the appropriation correspond with the
estimates from thi<  office, otherwise the surveys in the
mineral regions will have to be suspended.
Most obediently, &c.,
CHARLES NOBLE.
Mr. CONGER.. I have also he re a communi- j
cation fromtheCommissionerof the General Land
Office, agreeing in the views taken by the surveyor !'
general of Mtehigm in that letter. !,
it is very well known to everyone here that j1
that section of country is somewhat different from i-
other sections of ihe countiy that are to be sur-
veyed. The peculiar geological character of the
country is such that it requires more time to sur- |'
vey lands there than it does in other sections of j:
the country where there are no mineral deposits. M
The simple question is, shall wegive six dollars !l
as the maximum price, and have the lands sur-
veyed, or give a less sum and stop those surveys. !'
That is the question, and I submit it to the com- !
mittee. ' |.
_ Mr, HOUSTON. The Committee an Ways ji
and Means were not satisfied frorn^ the evidence
before them that the estimate of the Laiid Office
Department was confined alone to mineral lands,
a.u aware, th it w.iere there are large mineral
deposits, they are in the habit of giving a greater
compensation per mile for the service than where
| such deposits are not to be found. But it seems
j that there is a very large section of country in
: Michigan where it is almost all mineral land,
j There is no reason in the world why the compen-
j sation should be six dollars per mile, unless it is
| because of the mineral deposits.
| The committee did not believe, from the evU
| dence before them, that that section of country,
! although there may be some mineral deposits in
the region now proposed to be surveyed, was of
that character as to require this increased compen-
sation.
i Mr. CONGER. I beiteve there are no other
lands referred to than mineral lands.
Air. HOUSTON. It is very easy to call them
mineral lands.
The question was then taken on concurring with
the amendment proposed by the Senate, above
inserted, and it was agreed to.
The next amendment proposed by the Senate,
being the ninth, to strikeout the words " $20,650,"
and insert "$21,780" in the same clause last
above inserted, was then read, considered, and
agreed to.
The tenth amendmentof the Senate, comprising
the clauses following, was read, considered, and
agreed to, viz:
<• P.uje 6, after lino 137, insert:
" For completing the improvements of New Jersey ave-
nue, noith of the Capitol, «9,0M.
'• For planting and fiiu.-inng the road* and walks through
that portion of the puohc mall surrounding the Smithsonian
IiMiUlti>>n,s.'7,0 '0.
" For payment to Aoguj-t Humbert of balance of his sal-
ary a- Unit< d .States a^snverot gold in California, under the
act of 3Jth September, 18-5'I,'25 )."
The eleventh amendmentof the Senate was read,
proposing to strike out " $1,000," and insert
" $1,200," in the proviso of the following clause:
"For compensation of extra cl<;r!i<J employed in the
office of the Commissioner of reunions, j$2J,(km : Provi-
ded, Tnat no clerk shall receive more than at the rate of
$1,000 per annum under tins act."
Mr. JONES, ofTennessee. This is in the same
condition as the amendment proposed at the com-
mencement in regard to clerks in the Third Audit-
or's office. It was intended, by inserting $1,200
there, to give the Secretary discretionary power to
designate who should receive $1,200 per annum.
The remainder were to receive not above $1,000
per annum. If the amendment, as it is here pro-
posed, should be agreed to, the salary of $1,200
per annum will be applicable to all clerks em-
ployed under this appropriation. The chairman
of the Finance Committee of the Senate assured
me that was not the intention of that committee,
and consequently it will be necessary to make an
amendment to have it conform to the intention of
the proposers of the amendment in the Senate. In
lieu of the amendment of the Senate, I move to
insert these words:
iVo clerk shall receive more tium at the rate of ^1,000
per annum undi'i-this act, except two, whose annual salaiy
shall nut exceed
That will make it conform to the one the com-
mittee ^disposed of in regard to the Third Audit-
or's office.
Mr. EVANS. The gentleman seems to under-
stand that the power will be given to the Commis-
sioner to employ more than twenty clerks. I want
to know what difference it makes, whether he em-
ploys twenty at $1,000 per annum, or sixteen at
$1,200 per annum? If sixteen clerks at $1,200 per :
annum will do more work than twenty at £1,000,
let the Secretary employ them.
Mr. JONES. That is not the object of the :
amendment. It is that the Secretary mi^ht give ,
$1,200 annual salary to two of the clerks, and '
§1,000 per annum to the balance.
Mr. HOUSTON. It is for services already ren- ;
dered. The clerks have been employed and dis- '
charged the duty.
The question was then taken, and the amend- :
m&nt was agreed to. |
The twelfth amendment of the Senate was then I
read as follows: ,
Paje 7, aftr-rlipe 141, insert: j
"For expanses of e^tablishm*;thesupdrintendoncv ^fln- '
dian Affairs in Caiitornta, authorized bv the act of 3d of
March, 1359. viz: ' >
« For salary of superintendent, $1,318 OS. [
" For salary of cleik, $824 17.
" For lent of office lor >upmntendent, #1,000.
i- $or stationery, fuel, lij{ut>, &e., for oiiice of superin-
tendent, #27 o.
44 For messenger, expenses, &c., ■540').
kt For laboj, miscellaneous item-., and contingent ex-
pends of the s-upermtendency, $-7J.
" For presents and provision- lor Tndians visiting super-
intendent on official business, $l,OvK).
'•For traveling expanses oi the auperinteudjnt and the
necessary attendants,
'• For r'urnituie lor superintendent's office, .$33J.
" For itou &a.e for .superintendent's uiiiee, #l,0JJ.
" For Unit d Stated ftagd lor distribution amw^ the
tribes, $3-U."
Mr. HOUSTON. The Committee on Ways
and Means have agreed to the first branch of this
amendment, winch gives to the superintendent of
Indian AlF.urs in California his salary from the
time of his appointment to the end of the last fis-
cal year. Tne law establishing this supermtend-
ency was passed in March last, after the regular
estimates were before Congress. • The superin-
tendent of Indian Affairs was appointed the day
after the law was passed. The Committee oil
Ways and Means supposed they were probably
bound to pay the superintendent's salary from that
time to the end of the year. They have rejected
the remainder of the Senate's amendment, toi the
reason that those appropriations would not be
needed during the last fiscal year, and had no
business in this bill. For instance, on inquiry
made by the Committee on Ways and Means, we
learn that his clerk has not even been appointed.
The superintendent of Indian Affairs is now in the
city, and theie is, therefore, no necessity for office
rent for the last year. That is the class of items
all through their list. I move to strike out all
after the first branch of the amendment, which
provides for the payment of the salary of the su«
penntendent.
Mr. McCORKLE. The statement made by
the chairman of the Committee on Ways and
Means is very true, but I am opposed to striking
out the clauses he proposes, for one or two rea-
sons, which I think will satisfy the committee.
The amendment offered by the Committee on
Ways and Means, should not now receive its as-
sent. It is true that the superintendent of Indian
Affairs is now in this city, and he has never been
out of it, for the simple reason that he has never
had money to carry him out of it. He has not
rented an office during the last year, because he
was not in the countiy where his duties were to
be performed, and he had no need of an office.
But it is of lasting importance to the .people of
California at this time, that this superintendent
should be dispatched immediately to the scene of
action. There is a war of extermination going on
between the whites and Indians in California.
The last nesvs received from theie contained an ac-
count of the slaughter of one hundred and thirty-
five Indians in one battle between the miners and
the Indians; and by a message delivered to the
last Legislature by the Governor of that State, we
; learn tnat in three counties, within the spaceof four
months, over one hundred whites had been mur-
dered, and that over $200,000 worth of property
had been stolen or destroyed by the Indians, ft is
well understood m that State, and here in politi-
cal circles, at least, that the treaties made by
the Indian commissioners in California will not
be, as they ought not to be, ratified by the Sen*
ate. When this news reaches California, which
it will in all probability, by the next steamer
winch departs from New York, there will be an
absolute necessity for some man to be on the
ground who has power to make treaties with
Indiana, and settle the difficulties which must
inevitably arise when they hear of the rejection
of the treaties.
Mi. HUNTER. I call the gentleman to order.
The part proposed to be stricken out has nothing
to do with the superintendent of Indian Affairs
in California.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the gen-
tleman's remarks are in order.
Mr. McCORKLE. If the amendment of the
Committee on Ways and Means be carried, it
will, of course, delay the departure'of the super-
intendent of Indian Affairs to California until
after the general appropriation bill shall have been
passed; and he cannot arrive in that State before
the 1st of December or January next. It is of
great importance that he should be on the ground
immediately, for th* reasons which I have stated;
