xlvi
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[No. 31.]—Jin Act for the Relief of the Htirs of,
John Jackson. '<
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- <
sentatiees of the United Htutes of Amei ica in Congress ;
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be, ,
and lis hereby is luthoiized and required to pay to i
the legal representatives of John Jackson, deceased, |
the pilot on board the Bon Homme Richard, dining i
her brilliant action with the British frigate Serapis, j
in which action the said Jackson lost an arm, such i
a sum as will equal a pension at the rate of six
dolkus per month,from thefifteenth day of Novem-
ber, seventeen hundred and seventy-nine, to the
day of said Jackson's death, agreeably to the pledge i
given by the captain of the said Bon Homme j
Richard, and the report of the committee of the 1
Continental Congress, made on the twenty-eighth
day of September, seventeen hundred and eighty-
live.
Approved, July 3, 1852.
at Palmyra, in favor of said Jackson, one for fifty
dollars, and one for one hundred dollars are gen-
uine, and upon surrendering said receipts to the
United Slates and executing a relinquishment of
all his right, title, and interest to the land therein
described.
Approved, July 21, 1852.
[No. 32.]-—An Act for the Relief of Amos Knapp.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled. That Amos Knapp, from and after the
passage of this act, shall be placed upon the roll
of invalid pensioners, and shall receive eight dollars
per month, the pension of a common soldier.
Approved, July 12, 1852.
[No. 33.]—An Act for the Relief of 'Francis Tribou.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Cong ress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby required to place the name of
FranctsTribou, of Monroe, in thecounty of Waldo,
and State of Maine, on the roll of invalid pen-
sions, and pay to him the sum of four dollars pei
month, from the first day of January, Anno
Domini eighteen hundred and forty-eight, to con-
tinue during his natural life.
Approved, July 12, 1852.
[No. 34.]—An Art for the Relief Ichahod Weymouth.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Ante) ica in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and lie is here!)}' directed to place the name of
Ichahod Weymouth upon the roll of invalid pen-
sioners, at the rate of eight dollars per month, to
commence from the first day of January, eighteen
hundred and fifty, and to continue during his
natural life.
Approved, July 12, 1852.
[No. 35.]—An Act for the Relief of Gustavus A. De
Hussy, late an acting Purser m the JSavy.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United Slates of America in Congress
assembled, That the"Secretary ot the Treasury be,
and he is hereby authorized and required, out of
any money m the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, to pay to Gustavus A. Dc Russy, late an
acting purser in the Navy, the sum of three hun-
dred and sixty-two dollais, in full of the balance
of compensation to which he is entitled for his ser-
vices in the capacity aforesaid.
Approved, July 21, 1852.
[No. ST.]—An Act for the Relief of Isaac Cobb.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he hereby is directed to place the name of
Isaac Cobb, of Abbott, in the State of Maine, on
the pension list of the United States, at the rate of
twenty-four dollars per annum, commencing on
the fourth day of March, eighteen hundred and
forty-one, and to continue during his natural life.
Approved, July 21, 1852.
[No. 38.]—An Act for the Relief of John Mcintosh.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the UnHed States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby directed to place the name of
John Mcintosh, of the county of Montgomery
and State of Kentucky, on the roll of invalid pen-
sioners, at the rate of eight dollars per month, to
commence on the fourth day of March, eighteen
hundred and forty-eight, and continue during his
natural life.
Approved, July 21, 1852.
[No. 36.]—An Act for the Relief of James W. Camp-
bell, of Pike county, Missouri.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Ripresent-
atires of the United Slatts of America in Congress
assembled, That James W. Campbell, of Pike
county, State of Missouri, be authorized to enter,
free of charge, any of the public lands subject to
private entry, at one dollar and twenty-five cents
per acre, lying in the district of lands subject to
Kale at the land office at Palmyra, in said State,
not exceeding one hundred and twenty acres, upon
makmg proof satisfactory to the register and re-
ceiver of said land office, subject to the approval
of the Commissioner of the General Land Office,
that he is the legal assignee of John J. Jackson,
and that two certain receiver's receipts, numbered
nineteen thousand five hundred and thirteen, and
nineteen thousand 6 ve hundred and fourteen, dated
June twenty-sixth, eighteen hundred and thirty-
eight, purporting to be issued by A. Bird, receiver
[No. 39.]—An Act for the Relief of the Executors
and Heirs of Thomas Fletcher, deceased.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives oj the United States of America in Congress
a^embled, That William M. Sudduth and Henry
Daniel, surviving executors, and Felix M. Fletch-
er, Davul W. Fletcher, John Fletcher, and Mar-
garet Washington (late Margaret Fletcher,) heirs
of Thomas Fletcher, deceased, be,and hereby are
released and forever discharged from a certain
penal bond in the sum of twenty thouand dollars,
payable to the United States, executed by the
said Thomas Fletcher as one of the securities of
Cary Nichols, on the twenty-eighth day of May,
in the year one thousand eight hundred and seven-
teen.
Appro-mod, July 21, 1852.
[No. 40.]—An Act for the Relief of the legal Repre-
sentatives 'f James C. Watson, of Georgia.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentative1! of the United Stales of America in Congress
assembled, That theTreasurer of the United States
pay to the legal representatives of General James
; C. Watson, late of the State of Georgia, deceased,
! fourteen thousand six hundred dollars, with six
j percent, interest per annum, from the eighth of
j May, eighteen hundred and thirty-eight, till paid,
I out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
! appropriated, being the amount paid by him,
I under (he sanction of the Indian Agent, to certain
j Creek warriors for slaves captured by said war-
j riors while they were in the service of the United
| States against the Seminole Indians in Florida.
Approved, July 30, 1852.
[No. 41.]'—An Act to amend an Act entitled "An
Act to incorporate the Washington Gaslight Com-
panyapproved July eighth, eighteen hundred and
forty-eight.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the act entitled " An act to incor-
porate the Washington Gaslight Company,"
approved July eighth, eighteen hundred and forty-
eight, be, and the same is hereby amended, by
inserting in the second section, immediately before
the word " fifty,the words " three hundred and;*'
and in the seventh section, wherever the woid
" Washinton" occurs, by inserting immediately
thereafter the words " and Georgetown."
Approved, August 2, 1852.
[No. 42.]-
-An Act for the Relief of Sergeant Leonard
Skinner.
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior cause
to be issued to Leonard Skinner, late sergeant in
Captain Newton's company (B) of the United
States regiment of Mounted Riflemen, a military
bounty land warrant fur one hundred and sixty
acres of land; and that the proper accounting
officers of the Treasury bp, and they are hereby
directed and required to adjust his accounts, and
pay the same in the same manner as if he had
been of age and regularly discharged by military
authority.
Approved, August 16, 3852,
[No. 43.]—An Act for the Relief of Monmouth B.
Hart, Joel Kelly, and William Clobe, securities for
the late Benjamin F. Hart, a purser in the United
States A %avy.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the proper accounting officers of
the Treasury be, and they are hereby authorized
and directed, in the adjustment of the account of
the late purser Benjamin F. Hart, to credit him
with the amount of the loss of his private stores
occasioned by the wreck of the United States ship
Concord, to which he was attached, as nearly as
the same can be ascertained; and, also, with* the
difference between the amount of public stores re-
ceived by him as purser of the said vessel and the
aggregate amount of those issued and those which
came to the hands of his successor; and to make
such other allowances as the said accounting offi-
cers may deem equitable under the circumstances
of the case: Provided, however, That the said
credits and allowances shall not exceed the balance
which was found due to the United States upon
the last settlement of the account of said purser.
Approved, August 16, 1852.
[No. 44.] —An Act for the Relief of the IJeirs of Se-
moice, a friendly Creek Indian.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the children and heirs of Semoice,
deceased, a Creek Indian, to wit: Hetty Deas,
Vicy Foxy, and Elizabeth Semoice, be and are
hereby vested with a title in fee simple, to frac-
tional section twenty-three, township four, range
two east, containing six hundred and two acres 1
and fifty-three hundredths of an acre, being the
same land selected and entered by the said Semoice,
under and by virtue of an act approved second
July, eighteen hundred and thirty-six, entitled
"An Act for the relief of Samuel Smith, Lynn
MucGhee, and Semoice, friendly Creek Indians:"
Provided, That this act shall not be construed to
defeat or prejudice the legal claim, if there be any,
of other persons to the said tract of land.
Approved, August 16, 1852.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives qf the United Slates of America in Co'ngress
[No. 45.]—An Act for the Relief of David Murphy.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior is
hereby required to place the name of David Mur-
phy on the invalid pension roll, at the rate of five
dollars and thirty-three and one third cents per
month, during life,to commence the twenty-seventh
of February, eighteen hundred and forty-six.
Approved, August 21, 1852.
[No. 46.]—An Act for the Relief of William P.
Greene.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury he,
and he hereby is authorized to allow, in the set-
tlement of the accounts of the collector of the port
of Providence, Rhode Island, the sum of three
hundred and twenty-four dollars and twenty-six
cents, paid to William P. Greene, surveyor of the
customs, for his fees as measurer of salt at that
port, under an appointment from the proper au-
thority, for services rendered as such between the
twenty-eighth of April, eighteen hundied and
forty-nine, and the ninth of July, eighteen hundred
and fifty.
Approved, August25, 1852.
[No. 47.]—An Act granting Relief to John A. Mc-
Gaw of JYhu York.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
