THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $3 FOR THIS SESSION.
32d Congress, 1st Session.
FRIDAY, JULY 9, 1852.
New Series No. 106.
and the salary of $1,300 proposed to be paid him
by the remnant of the provision in the deficiency
bill, proposed by the Committee on Ways and
Means to be retained, will barely be sufficient to
carry him to California. He will not be able to
leave the city of San Francisco, and he will not
be enabled to enter on the discharge of any of his
duties.
Mr. SACKETT. T wish to ask whether the
part proposed to be stricken out has anything to
do with the salary of the Indian agent in Cali-
fornia ?
Mr. McCORKLE. No, sir. It provides, how-
ever, for Ins traveling expenses, for his office rent,
equally as necessary as his salary, and more so.
Mr. SACKETT. That all comes within the
present fiscal year.
Mr. HOUSTON. I will state,Mr. Chairman,
that the Committee on Ways and Means called
on the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, by letter,
to furnish them with estimates for this object, to
go into the regular bill making' appropriations for
the Indian Department, Indian treaties,&c., which
they intend to ask the House to put in when that
bill is taken up, which I hope will be in two or
three days.
Mr. McCORKLE. So I understand; but I ob-
ject to that for the reason that it makes a delay
which will be extremely disastrous to r,he people
of California. It will occasion a delay of six
months, at least.
Mr. HOUSTON. Oh, no!
Mr. McCORKLE. That will not pass till very
near the adjournment of the House.
Mr. HOUSTON. It will pass m a few days.
Mr. McCORKLE. It is on account of this de-
lay we object to striking this matter out. I trust
the committee will not agree in the amendment.
Mr. FITCH. I suppose, Mr. Chairman, lean-
not offer an amendment, as this is an amendment
to an amendment ?
The CHAIRMAN. An amendment is not now
in order.
Mr. FITCH. I think I can call for a division
of the amendment, and under that call am at lib-
erty to state my reasons.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that
would not be in order.
Mr. FITCH. There are three items; of the
amendment which could be stricken out with great
propriety; but the remainder should be retained,
or the delay which the gentleman from California
stated must ine\itably occur to the operations of'
this superintendent. When he arrives there he
will be incapable of doing any good unless this
money be appropriated.
The question was then put on Mr. Houston
amendment, to strike out all of the Senate's amend-
ment save the first branch in relation to the salary
of the superintendent, and on a division ihere
were—ayes 65 
Mr. R.OBBINS demanded tellers; which were
ordered, and Mr. Marshall, of California, and
Mr. Chandler were appointed.
The question was again put, and the amend-
ment to the amendment was agreed to, the tellers
having reported—ayes 78, noes not counted.
Mr. HOUSTON. I would ask the committee
to concur in the amendment as amended. That
is now the question.
The question was then taken, and it was decided
in the affirmative. ,!
So the amendment us amended was agreed to. :
Mr. VENABLE. I move that the committee j|
rise.
The question was then taken, and it was agreed ^
to.
The committee accordingly rose, and the Speaker 1
having resumed the chair, the chairman reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union had had the Union generally under
consideration, and particularly House bill No. ;
207, being the deficiency bill, and hod come to '
no conclusion thereon.
INVALID PENSION BIIX.
Mr. HOUSTON. I would like the House to li
106
agree to a very immaterial amendment of the
: Senate to one of the naval appropriation bills—
i the invalid pension bill.
I Mr. STANLY. Order! Order !
j Mr. HOUSTON. It is a mere formal amend-
; ment. It is to correct a reference to a law under
'> which the appropriation is made. It involves no
i principle. They want the money at the Pension
: Office,'as 1 understand.
; Mr. CABELL, of Florida, from the Commit-
' tee on Enrolled Bills, reported as correctly en-
; rolled the following bills; which received the sig-
I natuie of the Speaker, viz:
. An act to enable the Legislature of the State of
Indiana to dispose of the unsold lands in said
! State;
; An act in relation to a certain lot of land in the
' town of Gnadenhutten, in the State of Ohio;
; An act to supply a deficiency to the State of
Indiana, in a township of land granted to said
! State fur the use of a State Univeisity, by act of
! Congress, approved the 19th of April, 1816; and
j An act to release from reservation and restore
! to the mass of public lands ceitam lands in the
: State of Arkansas.
' Mr. HOUSTON. I ask the concurrence of the
House to the amendment of the Senate, of which
I have already spoken.
Mr. FITCH. I hope that motion will not be
insisted upon in this thin House.
Mr. HOUSTON. It is a mere correction of a
; reference to a law under which we permit invalid
pensions.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
1 ment was agreed to.
, On motion by Mr. FOWLER, the House 'hen
i adjourned.
; PETITIONS, &c.
j The following petitions, memorial", &c., wcie presented
undoi the rule, and rcfcried to the appropriate committees :
By Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi: The petition of Julius
C. Monette and 200 others, citizens of Mississippi, praying
. the removal of the I.and Ott'ice irom Augusta, Mississippi,
to Shieldsboro', m that State.
By Mr. ALLEN, of Illinois: Tne petition of citizens of
Saline and Hardin counties, asking that mail loute No.
, 4.186, from McLane^boro' to Raleigh, be extended by way
of Bankston and Soineiset postoffices to Elizabutlitown in
Hardin eountv, Illinois.
By .Mr. NEWTON : The petition of the hens of Ebene-
y.ei BoMVick foi ^80, and one bundled acie?- of land.
By Mr. SCI1ERMEKUORN : The lemnnstrance of O.
■ W. Bui bank and '2-27 others, citizens o{ the county of Mon-
roe, New York, against the iene\val of a patent of is31,
toi ceitam improvement? in a <rrain rcapei, gianted to Cy-
ru^ W. McCoimiek.
Also, the petition of William W. Cady and others, of the
( county ot Monroe, asking fora free and unieslrumed com-
mercial intercourse between the United States and the
By Mi. FLORENCE : The memonai of Cornelius Mil-
lei, Jacob Benner, Philip Fclten, and others!, citizen?- of
Philadelphia, praying Congress to pa^s a law crantins to
soldiers of the war of 1812 at least 16') acre* of land. &c.
By Mr. CHASTAIN : The memorial and accompanying
paper*- of the children and hens of William Smith, aievo-
iiuionaiy soldier, asking Congress to graut tliem a pension,
in the right of then deceased fathei.
By Mi. BERNH1SEL: The petition of the Governor
andLegi-lative Assembly of the Territory of Utah, piav-
mg Congress to piovide tor the constiuction ot a railroad
horn .-oiiio point on the Mississippi orMissouri river to San
Diego. San Fianciseo, Sacramento, A^oria, oi tome othei
point on or near the coa«t ot the Pacific.
By Mr. HENDRICKS : The petition of citizens of Mad- ■
ison county, Indiana, praying that lands be eianted to aid
in the conjunction of vanoux railroad- in the State of ?n- :
diana.
IN "SENATE.
Thursday, July 8, 1852.
Prayer by the Rev. Littleton V. Morgan-.
Mr. ATCHISON called theSenate to order, and
caused a letter to be read which he had received
from the President pro tempore, requesting him to
preside this day, in the absence of the President.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. FELCH presented the memorial of Allen
T. Welch, praying a pension on 'account of dis-
ability incurred while in the military service of the
United States during the late war with Mexico;
which was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. CHASE presented a petition of citizens of
, Ohio, praying that the unsold lands in Ohio, pur-
chased of the tribe of Wyandot Indians, may be
offered for sale at Upper Sandusky, in that State;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. BRODHEAD presented the memorial of
C. B.. McKnight and others, praying a modifica-
tion of the late bounty land law; which was i*e-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
| Mr. MALLORY presented the petition of
George P. Welsh and Clark H. Wells, passed
j midshipmen in the Navy, praying to be allowed
j additional compensation during the time they per-
J formed the duties of a higher grade; which was
; referred to the Committee on Naval Aifairs.
| THE HOMESTEAD BILL.
I Mr. CHASE. I have been requested to pre-
! sent to the Senate a petition of citizens of Morgan
j county, Ohio, asking for thepassage of thehome-
j stead bill. These petitioners express great anx-
' iety lest the delay of that measure may defeat it;
and they earnestly urge that it may be taken up
. and acted upon at this session. As I am aware
j that this anxiety is not peculiar to these petition-
i, ers, but is participated in by a very large number
1 of the citizens of the State which I have the honor
; in part to represent, I beg leave to ask of thehon-
' orable chairman of the Committee on Public
Lands, [Mr. Felch,] whether a report upon that
i bill may be expected soon ? I am myself aware,
to some extent, of the causes which have delayed
a report; but in order that the public may under-
stand what is the prospect of speedy action upon
jj the bill, I ask the chairman of the committee to
!' respond to my inquiry.
j Mr. FELCH. In answer to the inquiry of the
; Senator from Ohio, I will state, that the bill to
j which he refers,immediatedly after itwas referred
1 to the Committee on Public Lands, was sent to
i the Land Office for information on the subject,
' We saw at once that important changes in the
' whole land system, if not an overturning of that
1 system, would follow the proposed legislation,
! and it was thought necessary to obtain informa-
tion in regard to its practical working before we
| went on. An answer was returned from the De-
partment towards the end of the week before last,
hut an interruption has occurred in the business
of the committee, in consequence of the death of
, one oi our members. Previous to that event, we
1 took up the subject and gave it some consider-
; ation, but further action has been delayed by the
li absence of a member [Mr. Underwood] on a
!j duty with which the Senate is fally acquainted.
!; We are obliged to await the return of that Sen-
, ator, as he intends to propose some amendments
! to the bill. 1 can only say, that we are anxious
I to act on the bill, and have lost no time in consid-
ering it, and immediately after the return of the
| Senator from Kentucky, will be prepared to te-
i port a bill. I trust that we may be enabled to do
so next week.
, Mr. CHASE. I was aware myself that the
; chairman of the Committee on Public Lands, as
well as other members of the committee, were not
' chargeable with any unreasonable delay in the
! discharge of the duties devolving upon them. I
1 was. however, very desirous to have some as-
surance on the part of the chairman that this bill
would be reported upon at an early day. There
; is no measure at present before Congress m which
the people of my State take a deeper interest than
they do m relation to this bill—interest which
I profoundly shaie.
'The memorial was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
! Mr. FELCH, fmm the Committee on Public
Lands, to which was referred the bill from the
. House of Representatives, to amend an act enti-
tled " An act for the discontinuance of the office
4 of surveyor general m the several districts so soon
' as the surveys therein can be completed, forabol-
i < ishing land offices under certain circumstances,
