1082
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 8,
'and for other purposes,"reported it back with
amendment.
Mr. HUNTER, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to which were referred the memorials of
Pais, Mir & Co., George Foster & Co., C. B.
Broadwell & Co., A. F. Cochrane & Co., Cotch-
ett & Chapman,and Charles Belcher& Co.,pray-
ing that duties paid by them upon American casks
and barrels, may be refunded, submitted an ad-
verse report; which was ordered to be printed. I
Mr. DOUGLAS, from the Committee on the j
Territories, to which were referred the following j
bills, reported them severally without amendment: !
An act to run and establish the boundary be- 1
tweet) (he State of Texas and the Territories of ,
the United States; j
An act making further appropriations for the j
construction of roads in the Territory of Minne-
sota; and ;
An act to amend an act entitled "An act to set- 1
' tie and adjust the expenses of the people of Ore- j
' gon in defending themselves from attacks and hos- j
1 tilities of Cayuse Indians, in the years 1847 and ;
' 1848," approved February 1850.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to which was referred the bill for
the benefit of the' town of Beileview, reported it
back with an amendment.
He also, from the same committee, reported a
bill to create three additional land districts in the
State of Iowa; which was read and passed to the
second reading. -
SHIP CANAL AROUND THE FALLS OF SAULT
STE. MARIE.
Mr. HAMLIN. The Committee on Com-
merce, to which was referred a memorial of c.iti-
zensjif Pittsburg, Pennsylvania, praying for the
construction of a ship canal around the" Falls of
Sault Ste. Marie, have desired me to ask that they
may be discharged from its further consideration. ,
The Committee on Commerce had this subject >
under their charge at an early day of the session, ;
and made a report, not adversely, but setting forth ;
its commercial and military character. They then, j
as now, desired to be discharged from the consid- '
eration of the subject, because the Committee on
Public Lands had it before them; and it has been [
deemed advisable, that if this object is prosecuted, \
it should be done by the instrumentality of the |
pub!ic lands. I make this statement because there .
has been a report in circulation that the Commit- !
tee on Commerce had reported adversely in regard j
to this project, which is not the case. I
The motion to dischargethecomrmtteefrom the \
further consideration of the memorial was agreed '
to. !
NEW LAND DISTRICT IN IOWA. j
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. 1 am instructed by the i
Committee on Public Lands, to report a bill to ]
create three additional land distuctsin the State of ■
Iowa, and I throw myself upon the indulgence of i
the Senate to ask that they will consent to take up I
the bill, and consider it at this time. The State i
of Iowa, although one of the largest States in the ;
Union, has but three land districts within its bor- j
ders. It has now a larger amount of public, land '
yet to be disposed of than any other State. Our j
people are compelled to travel from two hundred '
to two hundred and fifty miles to enter their lands :
at the land offices. The recent acquisition of ter- -
ritoryupon the northern portion of that State, ren- I
ders it indispensable that these offices should he !
created. I trust the Senate will consent to act
upon the bill at this time. !
The bill was read a first time. ;
Mr. DODGE. I hope this bill wi!i be read a j
second time, and put upon its passage. If it is •
passed, the State of Iowa will then have six land !
offices, and in that respect will but place us imon
an equality with the State of Indiana, lllinoishas !
ten land offices; your own State (Missouri) has i
eight; Alabama has eight; Mississippi has five,
and Arkansas seven.
The bill was read a second time, and was con- I
sidered by toe Senate as in Committee of the
Whole. It was reported to the Senate without :
amendment, was ordered to be engrossed and read !
a third time, and was read a third time and passed, i
THE PUBLIC DEBT. j
Mr. HUNTER gave notice of his intention to !
ask leave to introduce a bill for the redemption of !
the public debt *
VIRGINIA BOUNTY LAND WARRANTS.
Mr. HUNTER. I move to postpone all prior
orders, for the purpose of taking up the bill appro-
priating land scrip in full and final satisfaction of
Virginia military bounty land warrants. I believe
it will take but little time to act upon it. An amend-
ment has been unanimously reported by the Com-
ma tee on Public Lands, to which 1 agree, and I
hope the Senate will indulge me on this occasion,
and allow the bill to be taken up.
The motion was agreed to, and tfte Senate pro-
ceeded as in Committee of the Whole to consider
the bill. The Committee on Public Lands report-
t ed an amendment to it in the form of a substitute
j for the entire bill. It euacts that all unsatisfied,
, outstanding military land warrants, or parts of
| warrants, issued prior to March 1, 1852, by the
! proper authorities of the Commonwealth of Vir-
; gima, for military services performed by the ofR-
j cers and soldiers of the Virginia State and Conti-
. nental line of the Army of the Revolution, may
! be surrendered to the Secretary of the Interior,
I who, upon being satisfied by a revision of the
| proofs, or by additional testimony, that any war-
i rant thus surrendered was fairly and justly issued
in pursuance of the laws of said Commonwealth
| for military services so rendered, shall issue land
I scrip m favor of the present proprietor of the
! warrant so,surrendered for the whole or any por-
; tion thereof unsatisfied, at the rate of §1 25 per
1 acre tor that which remains unsatisfied; which
1 scrip shall be receivable in payment for any lands
' owned by the United States subject to sale at pri-
vate entry, and shall also be assignable by indorse-
! ment attested by two witnesses. In issuing such
scrip the Secretary is authorized, when more per-
! sons than one are interested in the satne warrant,
to issue to each person scrip for his or her portion;
and when infants or fernmes covert may be enti-
! tied, liie guardian of the infant and husband of
the femme may receive and sell or locate the same, ;
provided that no less than a legal subdivision shall ;
be entered and paid for in virtue of scrip issued ;
under this act. It enacts further, that the act ;
shall be taken as a full and final adjustment of all i
bounty land claims of officers and soldiers of the !
State of Virginia for services in the war of the :
Revolution.
Mr. CHASE. I offer the following amend- '
ment to the amendment of the committee, to come :
in at the end of the second section:
Provided, That tiie State of Virginia shall, by a proper :
act of tile Legi-latute thereof, relinquish all claim to the •
lands in the Vngmia military bounty iand district in the '
State of Ohio, winch Jantl.H are hereby ceded to the paid ;
State ofOlno, savmsrali claims of individuals or corpoia- .
: tions in or to the same. j
A word may be necessary in explanation ;
i of that amendment. The object of the bill is to 1
! satisfy claims ot the soldiers of the State of Vir- 1
' ginia for military bounty land warrants, by giv- i
j ing them scrip; consequently there wiil be no j
,j longer any reason wily Virginia should retain
j any claim upon that portion of the public lands in
I Ohio, reserved to satisfy them. Those iands are
j very inferior in quality, and very limited 111 quan-
■ tity, and that is one reason—indeed the sole j
reason—why they have not been heretofore taken
, up. As it is now proposed that these warrants
sha'l be satisfied in scrip, there can be no objec- ;
; tion to folio .- ins; out the policy of the bill, which '
j passed the Semite the other day, reding to the
( State the lesidue of these hinds. The quantity-
does not exceed fifty or sixty thousand acres.
; They are all embraced m two or three counties,
, and their present condition, not being-valuable
, enough to bp taken up, only operates to prevent
■ their settlement.
! Mr. HUNTER. I have but one objection to ,
the amendment. It is all very proper m itself, .
; and I bare no doubt that if.no such* amendment
] were adopted, the Legislature of Virginia would -
moke any relinquishment which might be neces- ,]
sary. The only objection which I have to it is, \
i that it will delay the action of the Secretary of :!
the Interior upon these warrants until the action j
I of the Legislature of Virginia is had. It strikes J
; me that it will hardly be necessary, in.any point !
of view; but if put into the bill, it will surclv de-
| lay the action of the Secretory nf the Interior. j
; _ Mr. CHASE. I think, upon a moment's reflec- -j
j tion, the Senator will be satisfied that my amend-
j ment cannot delay the action of the Secretary of |
j the Interior, I propose to add the proviso to'the j
1 second section of the bill, and being there it will I
not delay in the sfhallest degree the actiun of that
officer. If it were in the other section, it might
do so. s
Mr. HUNTER, I am anxious to get the bill
on any terms, and if the Senator insists 1 shall in-
terpose no further objection.
Mr. FELCH. I did not understand very fully
the explanation made by the Senator from Ohio
upon the subject. It seems to me, however, that
the amendment is entirely unnecessary, so far as
releasing any claim of Virginia upon the lands
| referred to is concerned. If 1 understand cor-
| rectly the terms of the grant, this land was
' reserved in the original grant fiom Virginia land
between the rivers Scioto and Little Miama, but
it was reserved as a trust fund, for the purpose of
enabling the soldiers of the Virginia State and
Continental line to obtain their bounties, and it
was then presumed, evidently, that it would be
sufficient to answer that purpose. But I suppose
the moment the claims for the bounty lands are
satisfied, Virginia can have no claim upon the
lands remaining. There has been an application
to the Senate during the present session, for some
legislation upon the subject, which might enable
the parties holding the sciip to locate on the rem-
nant of the grant. There are several parlies, as
it appears from the application, who are anxious
still to locate on the small remnant of the old res-
ervation. Some of the lands which formerly were
| considered of little value, are now considered so
j valuable, that persons holdingscrip desire to locate
! upon them. I should be unwilling to legislate
j here m such a manner as to prevent the locating
j on the remaining portions of the land. If that ia
| the object of the amendment to the amendment, I
| think we ought not to adopt it. It seems to me
| also, as I before remarked, that it cannot, be ne-
| cessary in order to restore to the United States
; the perfect title to any portion of the land, when-
ever the Virginia military bounty land warrants
shall be satisfied. A question is raised here upon
the other part of the proposition, which is ceding
the lands to the State. A bill has already passed
the Senate, ceding all the remaining lands in Ohio
to that State. That, I belieje, has been laid on
the table in the House of Representatives. And
I would suggest to the Senator, whether it would
not tend to defeat this bill to ingraft the same pro-
vision upon it.
Mr. CHASE. I think if my friend from Mich-
igan will look at the circumstances of the ease, he
will be satisfied that my amendment is proper, and
in its proper place. These lands were reserved in
the original cession of Virginia to the United
States of the lands embraced in the Northwestern
Territory for the satisfaction of her military bounty
land warrants. It wassupposed, undoubtedly,at
the time of the reservation, not merely that these
lands would be sufficient, but that the lands south-
east of the river Ohio would suffice without resort-
ing to these lands at all. But the large number of
warrants, and their magnitude, created a very differ-
ent state of things, and resulted m the taking of
every available acre of land in the reservation.
There now remain nothing but unavailable lands,
with the exception, perhaps, of a few tracts which
have been long occupied by actual settlers, but
which are claimed by some, under corrected sur-
veys, to be still open to entry. Ceding the lands
to the State will merely complete the act which
the_Senate passed the other day, providing for the
cession of all unsold land, reserving theseTrom its
operation on account of the right 'of Virginia to
have her military warrants satisfied frorn them.
We now make" another provision for the'tbenefit
of Virginia which relievos these lands entirely.
Then ihe policy of that act applies to these lands,
and with augmented force, because a portion of
them are in actual occupancy of the people of the
State, which has been long continued, and the res-
idue are riot of any value at all. They are of so
little value, as I said before, that nobody would
enter a warrant upon them.
Mr. HUNTER. I will suggest to the Senator
from Ohio, that all he desires from Virginia, is to
cede her light to the lands.
Mr. CHASE. That is all.
Mr. HCJjMTEll. This amendment goes fur-
ther, and proposes to incorporate into the bill, a
cession of them to the State of Ohio. If the Sen-
ator will confine his amendment to the first object,
I will ogree to it; that is to say, if he will so
amend his amendment that it shall read: " Pro-
