INDEX
TO THE
LAWS AND RESOLUTIONS, PUBLIC AND PRIVATE,
PASSED AT THE FIRST SESSSION OF THE THIRTY-SECOND CONGRESS.
A.
Accounts of the public officers who received mili-
tary contributions in California, provision for
the settlement of   22
Ada, an act admitting the brig, to registry... .44
Advances by States to the General Government,
and to equip volunteers. (See Mw Hamp-
shire—Massachusetts—North Carolina—Michi-
gan—Maine— Virginia-South Carolina— Geor-
gia—Florida.)
Agents, special and route, in the Post Office De-
partment, appropriation for the pay of..7, 23
Agricultural statistics, appropriation for the col-
lection of     18
Alabama, act to change the time of holding the
United States district courts in 2
establishment of certain post roads in 33
appropriations for light-houses in 30
Alimentary substances, appropriation for a scien-
tific investigation and experiments upon the
character of. 20
Alton, in the State of Illinois, an act constituting,
a port of delivery 42
Amelia, an act to change the name of the Ameri-
can built vessel, ana to grant a register in her
name 45 1
America, the brig, an act to authorize the issuing
of a register to the AA
American Nautical Almanac, appropriation for
the . If 20
Anderson, William E., appropriation to pay for
loss of time, &c 7
Annuities and grants, appropriations for... .5, 18 i
Appeals in patent cases, the powers pertaining to I
the chief judges vested also in the assistants, j
in the trial of.. 42 '
Apportionment of Representatives, an act supple-
mentary to the act providing for the   .8
Appropriation s—
an act making appropriation to meet the ex-
penses incurred in consequence of the fire at j
the Capitol   1 i
for the room of the Library of Congress 1
to pay Navy pensions 4 1
to pay invalid and other pensions 5 :
an act providing for deficiencies in, for the fiscal |
year ending 30th June, 1852 5 \
for the continuance of the work on the Capi- j
tol   43 |
for the Military Academy 9 '
for mileage of Senators and Representatives. .9 j
to reimburse to the people of Oregon the expense ;
of defending themselves against the Indians.9 :
to print the estimates of appropriation 7 j
for all purposes, for the various Indian tribes, i
6, 7, 23
no estimates or appropriations to authorize any '
increased pay, allowance, or compensation 1
beyond such 8 >
act making appropriation for the civil and diplo-
matic expenses of Government 13 1
for the legislative department 33
for Library of Congress 13
for the Executive 13 :
for Mr. Ritchie, assignee of William M. Belt. 13
for the State Department 13
for the Treasury Department.  13
for the Department of the Interior 14 !
for the War Department   14 i
Appropriations—
for the Navy Department . 14
for the Post Office Department.. .14, 15, 23, 29
for the Mint of the United States   15
for the Territory of Oregon   15
for the Territory of Minnesota    .15
for the Territory of New Mexico 15
for the Territory of Utah 15
for the Judiciary 15
for the survey department 15
for the light-house establishment 15
for the independent treasury 16
for the coast survey 16
for marine hospitals. 16
for custom-houses   16
for intercourse with foreign nations 16
for the land department, including surveys... 17
for public buildings 17
for miscellaneous objects 18, 22
all unexpended, to be carried to the surplus
fund 19
act making appropriation for the naval ser-
vice 20
act making appropriation for the support of the
Army 21
act making appropriation for light-houses.. .29
an act making, for harbors and rivers 28
an act making appropriation for the transport-
ation of the United States mail in ocean steam-
ers   31
the right of the President and Secretaries to
make transfers of, from one head to another,
repealed   21, 22
act making appropriation for the service of the
Post Office Department 23
act making, for the current and contingent ex-
penses of the Indian Department, and for ful-
filling treaty stipulations with the various
tribes of Indians 23
for the Indians not to be paid to any agent or
attorney    .7, 8, 28
[For other appropriations, see under the re-
spective heads to which the appropriations
apply.]
Archives, American, appropriation for the... .18
Arfwedson, Charles D., consul of the United
States at Stockholm, compensation to 16
Arkansas, an act to release from reservation, and
to restore to the mass of the public lands, cer-
tain lands in the State of.   5
(See Surveyor General.)
the establishment of certain post roads in... .35
Armories, United States, appropriations for the
several    .22
Armory. (See Harper's Ferry.)
Army, appropriations for the .. 5
act making appropriations for ali branches of
the 21
Army officers. (See Pay.)
Arson. See District of Columbia—Crimes.)
Armstrong, Robert, to execute forthwith the pub-
lic printing, and purchase paper therefor. .21
Arts, useful, an act in addition to an act to pro-
mote the progress of the 42
Assaying establishment, Secretary of the Treas-
uiy authorized to contract with, &c..... .19
Asylum for the insane, appropriation for an, in
Washington 17
Asylums. (See Military Jisylnms.)
Astoria, compensation of the collector at...... .8
Attorneys and agents, moneys for the Indians not
to be paid to any 7, 8, 28
Auditors, the several, appropriations for the offices
of 13, 14,15, 29
Auxiliary Guard, appropriation to the. 17
B.
Balestier, Joseph, special agent of the United States
in Asia, authority to settle the accounts of. .17
Bangor, appropriation for a custom-house at... .7
Bath, appropriation for a custom-house at 7
Brazil, act amendatory of the act to carry into
effect the convention between the United States
and the Emperor of       4
i Bedwell, Presha, appropriation to pay........27
Bibb. (See Steamer.)
Biennial Register, appropriation for compiling,
printing, and binding the     .7
Binding of certain documents, resolution providing
for the 43
Binding of the Congressional Globe and Appen-
dix', appropriation for.    18
Bolivia. (See Charge.)
Blodget, Sylvanus, an act for the relief of 45
Books for members, appropriation to pay for. .18
Boundaries. (See Military Reserve at St. Peter's.)
Boundaries of the Indian territory, appropriation
for compiling a map showing the.........28
Boundary, between the United States and Mexico,
appropriation to defray the expenses of run-
ning the 6, 18
restriction as to line 6, 18
northern, of Jowa, appropriation for running. .7
line of the Creek country west of Arkansas,
| appropriation for running the 27
I Bounty land warrants. (See hand Warrants.)
Bounty lands to certain militia and volunteer
tioops   2
Bridges, the Wheeling, declared post roads.. .23
i Bridges, the Potomac, appropriations for 17
! Brilliant, an act to change the name of the schoon-
l er   45
[ Brooklyn. (See Dry-Dock.)
; Bruce, William, Indian agent, appropriation to
: pay to certain Indians the moneys retained
| by him 7
; c.
j California, an act providing for the appointment
I of superintendent of Indian affairs in.......1
! an act to establish a branch of the Mint of the
! ITnited States in California, and appropriation
: for   .4, 27
(See Dry-Dock—Surveys in California.)
appropriation for the expenses of the superin-
tendency of Indian affairs in 6, 27
mails in. (See Contracts.)
commission for settling land claims in. (See
| (Commission—Assaying—Law .Agent—Land
'■ Claimo )
; appropriation for the preservation of peace with
the Indlhns in    .28
; establishment of certain post routes in 37
j Campbell, James W., of Pike county, Missouri,
I an art for the relief of   46
■ Canada, provisions in regard to.    37
, Canal. (See Ship Canal.)
1 Capitol—
: appropriation for casual repairs of the 6
