Foreign intercourse, appropriations to maintain
the, of the United States 16
Fortifications, reappropriation to, of balances,
liable to be carried to the surplus fund 22
Foskit, Lewis. (See Norton, Jlnnt.)
Franklin Square in Washington, appropriation to
the 6
G.
Gaslight Company. (See Washington Gaslight
Company.)
Gas pipes. (See Executive Buildings.)
General Land Office, appropriations for the..14,17
Geologists for the Lake Superior region, and for
Wisconsin, Iowa, and Minnesota, appropri-
ation for balance of compensation to the
United States 7
Geological surveys, no further, unless authorized
by law 7
Georgia, provision for the payment of the claims
of, for the services of her militia 22
establishment of certain post roads in 33
Gnadenhutten, in the State of Ohio, an act pro-
viding for the disposition of a lot of land in.5
Grades in the city of Washington, appropriation
to complete and revise the 17
Greene, William P., an act for the relief of... .46
Greer, William, an act for the relief of 45
Grants of saline lands to Wisconsin, time ex-
tended for selecting the 2
act granting the right of way and a portion of
the public lands to Missouri to aid m the con-
struction of certain railroads in said State. .3
act granting to the State of Michigan the right
of way and a donation of public land for the
construction of a ship canal around the Falls
of St. Mary in said State 11
H.
Hale, James W., of city of New York, appropri-
ation to pay 7
Hamilton, A. Boyd, the contractor for executing
public printing, proposition to relieve him,
on conditions, from his contract 20
Harbors and Rivers, an act making appropriations
for 28
Harper's Perry armory, appropriations for the
service at the 22
Hart, Monmouth B., Joel Kelly, and William
Close, sureties for the late Benjamin P. Hart,
a purser in the United States Navy, an act
for the relief of 46
Helzel, Mrs. Margaret, widow and administra-
trix of A. R. Hetzel, late assistant quarter-
Master in the Army of the United States, act
for the relief of 47
Horsfly, appropriation to pay an award to. .. .27
Horses, appropriations for the purchase of, for
the fisrt, second, and third regiment of dra-
goons  5, 22
Hospitals, naval, appropriations to support and
repair the 20
House of Representatives, appropriation for con-
tingent expenses of 13
Humbert, Augustus, assayer of gold in California,
appropriation for the salary of. 6
Hunter, Charles G., an act for the relief of... .45
I.
Illinois, establishment of certain post roads in. .35
Incorporation. (See Washington Gaslight Com-
pany.)
Indemnity. (See Spanish Consul.)
Independent Treasury system, appropriations for
officers and clerks under the 1G
Indiana, act to supply a deficiency to in a town-
ship of land granted to said State for the use
of a Stnte university ^
act to enable the Legislature of, to dispose of
the unsold saline lands in that State 5
establishment of certain post roads in 35
Indian agents in Oregon, appropriation for build-
ings for b
Indian affairs, an act to provide for the appoint-
ment of a superintendent of, in California. .1
appropriation for the expenses of establishing
the supenntendenry of, in California..6,27,13
appropriation for superintendent, in Oregon . .6
Indian Department, appropriations for arrearages
and contingencies of the   6
act linking appropriation for the current and
contingent expenses of the, &c 14, 23
dian service in the Territory of New Mexico,
appropriation for 27
INDEX TO THE LAWS.
Indian statistics, appropriation to continue the
collection and publication of 6
Indians, appropriations for presents, annuities,
to provide for the removal of, to satisfy the
claims of the following tribes of,
Chickasaws 24
Chippewas, and Chippewas ofSaginaw..7,
23
Chippewas of Lake Superior and Missis-
sippi 24
Choctaw 6, 23
Christian 23
Creeks 6, 24
Delaware® 24
Eel Rivers (Miamies) 25
Florida or Seminole 24
Iowas 25
Kansas 25
Kickapoos 25
Menomonees 6, 7, 23, 25
Miamies 25
Mississippi and Sioux 7
Omahas 25
Osages 26
Ottawas 25
Ottawa and Chippewa  6,7
Ottoes and Missourias 25
Pattawatomies 6, 26
Pawnees 26
Piankekas   26
• Gluapaws 26
Sacs and Foxes of the Mississippi 7
Sacs and Poxes of Missouri 27
Seneca, of New York 6
Senecas 27
Shawnees 27
Sioux of Mississippi 26
Six Nations, of New York 23, 26
Stockbridges 7, 26
St. Regis, in California 6
Texas 27
tribes at Fort Laramie 7
Weas 27
Winnebagoes 6, 7, 23, 27
Wyandots 27
appropriations for the, not to be paid to anv
agent or attorney, &c 7, 8, 28
allowances for the military services of the Semi-
nole    -22
and half breeds, appropriation for the extin-
guishment of their title to lands 7
provisions for the preservation of peace with
the, in California 28
in Texas, appropriations to negotiate with... .6
in Oregon, appropriations for negotiation with .6
Infirmary, Washington, appropriation to 17
Insane paupers, appropriation for the medical
treatment of certain 18
Interest on advances. (See Maine—JVeifl Hamp-
shire—Choctaw Claimants.)
Intercourse with foreign nations, appropriations
to sustain 16
Interior Department, appropriations for the... .14
Invalid Pensions, act making appropriation to
pay 5
Iowa, an act to relinquish to, the lands reserved
for saltsprings 3
an appropriation for running the northern
boundary line of  .7
act to create three additional land districts in.. 8
the establishment of certain post routes in.. ,36
Irwin, Jane, an act for the relief of 45
Isthmus of Panama, appropriation to carry the
mail across the 29
J.
Jackson, John, an act for the rslief of the heirs
of 46
Jackson, Andrew. (See Statue.)
Jefferson Papers, appropriation of an unexpended
balance for the publication of 13
Johnson, Z. P., an act for the relief of. 47
Johnson, Joseph, an act for the relief of 45
Jones, General Roger, provision for the settle-
ment of the accounts of. 23
Journals and public documents, joint resolution
providing for the printing of additional copies
of 43
Judges, sickness and disability of the, of the dis-
trict courts of the United States, provision for
holding the courts in case of the 2
act providing for the holding of the district court
of the District of Columbia, in ease of sickness
or other disability of the district judge 3
li
Judges, assistant, in the United States courts,
vested with all the powers that pertain to the
chief judges, in appeals in patent cases... ,42
Judiciary of Uie United States, appropriations for
the support of the 1, 5
K.
Kenney, Henry L., appropriation to pay the claim
of, for subsistence, &c., furnished Texas vol-
unteers ♦ 23
Kentucky Asylum for teaching the Deaf and
Dumb, an act to extend the time for selling
the lands granted to the 2, 44
Kentucky, establishment of certain post roads
in   34
Key West, appropriation for adepotof coal at. .7
Knapp, Amos, an act for the relief of 46
Kossuth, resolution of welcome by Congress to. 43
an act to authorize the issuing of a register to
the ship   45
L.
Lafayette Square, in Washington, appropriation
for   6
appropriation to enclose..  18
Land claims in California, provision in regard to
the adjustment of...., 19
Land Department, appropriations to the 17
Land districts, an act establishing additional, in
Wisconsin   8
an act to create three additional, in the State of
Iowa ,8
act establishing, in Minnesota 12
Land offices, additional, established—
in Wisconsin .  .8
in Iowa   8
in Minnesota     12
Land warrants, an act to make, assignable, and
for other purposes.  2
to be granted to volunteers, militia, State troops,
&c., on certain conditions   2
military, subject to be located on reserved lands
in Arkansas, may be located on other lands
subject to private entry 5
Virginia military, an act making further pro-
visions for the satisfaction of 42
Lands granted to Wisconsin, an act to extend the
time for selecting   2
Lands. (See Kentuckxj JlsxfJum.)
Law agent, assistant, for California, learned in the
law and in the Spanish and English languages,
provision for a   19
Laws and regulations of the Post Office Depart-
ment, appropriations to print 23
Laws of the United States. (See Little Broicn.)
resolution authorizing: the purchase of the ninth
volume of the 43
and Debates thereon, joint resolution providing
for the distribution of the   44
Legislative Assembly. (See Oregon.)
Legislative department of the Government, appro-
priation for 13
Leroy, John, act granting a pension to 47
Letter envelopes, provisions in regard to the pro-
curement and furnishingof, by the Postmnster
General.  38
Lewis, James, an act for the relief of 45
Library of Congress, an act to provide a room for
the 1
an act to provide for the repair of the room of
the     2
appropriation for the contingent expenses of
the   .7
appropriation for the purchase of books, and
for all other expenses of the 13
Library Committee to sell imperfect wo>ks... .19
Li?ht-house Board, provision establishing o.. .31
Light-house establishment, appropriations tor rhe
support of the 15, 22
art making appropriations for thf. ..   29
Light-honse, at Red Fish bar, G^lve^ton Bav.
application of previous appropriation to.. .19
at Snnd Kev, Florida, appropriation for 22
at Chicago, Illinois, appropriation for 22
at Otter Creek, Michigan, provision in regard
to        31
Light-houses, provisions in record to the applica-
tion of the appropriations for 31
Li°;ht at Wao2Msham, Michigan, an appropriation
for   7
Liffhtin^ Pennsylvania avenue, appropriation for,
17
Little & P.rown's Revised Statutes at Large, ap-
propriation to purchase sets of 7, 18
