1686
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 8,
roads be worth to us? I ask the Senator from
Missouri, [Mr. Geyer,] if, when you have made
grants of land for railroads in his State, you for-
bid settlements being made west of him; or, what
is the same thing, refuse your assent to facilities
for making and encouraging those settlements,
what those grants will he worth to him? Keep
the region west ofhtrn in its present wild and un-
settled condition, and who expects business or
travel enough, for years to come, to sustain them
with business ? Where is the business to come
from? So with the other States similarly situated
•—mine among them. Hut if you will alford facil-
ities for travel, and open a communication to the
Pacific ocean, and encourage white people to travel
through and settle in the intermediate country, as
they will do, and bring the rich and valuable lands,
now wild and waste, mto cultivation, you will
make business for railroads and all other means of
communication, and our States will soon grow, as
Ohio has grown, and attain the'trueposition which
their natural resources entitle them to occupy. I
have mentioned Ohio in particular, because I re-
gard her natural position, with the greatest of our
inland seas on one side, and the second of our
rivers on the other, as by far more favorabHlthan
that of any State m the Union, perhaps New York
alone excepted.
Mr. GWIN. If the Senator from Arkansas
[Mr. Borland] will permit me, I will say that I
am desirous ofgoinginto Executive session. This
is a very important matter, and had better lie
over until next week.
Mr. BORLAND. If we can get a vote on the
subject now, 1 think we had better do so. If not,
I tfiink it would be desirab/e to fix an early day
for the consideration of this important question.
I do not desire to make a speech on the sub-
ject.
Mr. GWIN. I did not wish to interrupt the
Senator; but I was not aware that any expecta-
tion was entertained that a vote would be taken
on the bill to-day.
Mr. BORLAND. But I did intend to present
some views with regard to just such a bill as that
presented by the Senator (Tom Illinois, [Mr.
Douglas,] as affording the only practicable means
of establishing a communication with the Pacific,
and as the only means by which we can ever
hope to unite ourselves properly with our posses-
sions on the Pacific coast, and make them safe in
themselves, and valuable to us. But I will not
discuss the subject any further now, and shall
beglhatan early day may be fixed for its consid-
eration.
Mr. DOUGLAS. As the bill is now under
consideration, and as I have succeeded in drawing
the attention of the Senate to it, I have no objec-
tion to postpone it until Tuesday, without making
it a special order, and relying on the good feeling
of Senators to give it a fair hearing.
Mr. CHASK. I made the motion to postpone
the consideration of the bill, because I thought it
was the best course to adopt; and I added to it
that the bill should be the special older fur Tues-
day, for the purpose of meeting the wishes of
my friend the Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Doug-
las.] I now withdraw the latter part of my mo-
tion.
The motion to postpone was then agreed to.
WASHINGTON GASLIGHT COMPANY.
On montion by Mr. SHIELDS, the Senate
postponed the prior order for the purpose of pro-
ceeding to the consideration of a bill to amend
an act entitled " An act to incorporate the Wash-
ington Gaslight Company," approved July 8th,
1848. The bill was read for the information of
the Senate, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It provides thattheact entitled '• An act
to incorporate the Washington Gaslight Com-
pany, approved July 8th, 1848, be, and the
same is hereby, amended, by inserting in the sec-
ond section immediately before the word " fifty,"
the words " three hundred and;" and in the sev-
enth section, wherever the word " Washington"
occurs, by inserting immediately thereafter the
words "and Georgetown."
Mr. SHIELDS. I will state that the object of
the bill is merely to enable the Gaslight'Com-
pany to increase their stock. The people of
Georgetown are anxious to have the benefits con-
ferred by the GaslightCompany extended to them,
as the company has been found to be very useful,
and this amendment of the original bill will enable
the company to increase its capital.
The bill was then reported to the Senate, and
ordered to be engrossed for a third rending:.
PROMOTION OF CERTAIN OFFICERS.
The Semite then,on motion by Mr. SHIELDS,
proceeded to the consideration of "A bill to pro-
vide for the promotion of certain officers in the
Engineer, Topographical Engineer, and Ordnance
Corps," as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. GWIN. 1 think the Senator from Rhode
Island [Mr. James] wishes to be present when
that bill is considered, as he has an amendment
which he wishes to offer.  
Mr. BORLAND. 1 have the amendment here.
The matter is all understood.
The bill provides that every commissioned offi-
cer below the rank of captain in the Corps of
Engineers, Corps of'Topographicai Engineers, and
Ordnance Corps, who has served fourteen years in
either of said corps, shall be promoted to the rank
of captain: Provided, That the number of officers
in said corps shall not be increased beyond the
, number fixed by existing laws,
j Mr. SHIELDS. I oner the following amend-
| ment as a substitute:
i Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of America in Congress assembled,
Tluit whenever any lieutenant in the Engineer. Topogiaphi-
cal Engineer, and Ordnance Coips, shall have seived four-
teen years continuously as lieutenant, he shall he pio-
moted to the lank ol captain: Provided, That the whole
number of officers in fither of t>aul corps shall not be m-
eiea*>ed beyond the number now fixed bylaw: Jhid j>ro-
i vided fuithcr, That no otticer shall be promoted beiore
tho-se who rank in hid eoips.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was then reported to the Senate as
amended, the amendment was concurred in, and
the bill ordered to be engrossed for a third read-
EXECUTIVB SESSION.
The Senate, on motion by Mr. GWIN, pro-
ceeded to the consideration ot Executive business,
! and after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened.
AMOS KNAPP.
Mr. UPHAM. I move that the Senate post-
! pone the prior orders, with the view of taking up
House bill No. 6U, which is a bill for the relief of
Amos Knapp. It was referred to the Committee
on Pensions, and has been reported back without
amendment.
The motion to postpone the prior orders was
j agreed to, and the bill was considered by the Sen-
ate as in Committee of the Whole, it provides
that fiom and after the passage of this act, Amos
Knapp shall be placed upon the roll of invalid
pensions and receive eight dollars per month, the
pension of a common soldier.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, and was
itad a third tune and passed.
LANDS OF THE WYANDOT INDIANS.
Mr. CHASE. It is not yet quite three o'clock,
i and I trust the Senate will indulge me by post-
^ poning the prior orders and taking up House bill
No. 226. It is an act to amend an act entitled
" An act providing for the sale of certain lands in
the States of Ohio and Michigan, ceded by the
Wyandot tribe of Indians, and for other pur-
poses," approved on the 3d of March, 1843.
The whole object of the bill is simply to author-
ize the exposure to sale of certain lanis ceded by 1
the Wyandots under the treaty concluded with !
them on the 7th of March. On some of these i
lands there were improvements, which, however '
have not brought the value estimated by the su' j
perintendents, and for which reason, according to j
the old law, they have not been sold. The object '
of this bill is to authorize their sale at a price of not
less than £2 50 per acre. - ,
The question was then taken on the motion to
postpone the prior orders, and a division being I
, called for, there were—ayes 14,noes 9;noquorum >
I voting. _ j
| Mr. CHASE. There is a quorum in the Cham-|
' ber, and I trust Senators will vote. This is a j
matter of considerable importance to one section of i
the State of Ohio, and I trust the Senate will not i
I refuse to take up the bill. j
! The question was again taken, and the bill 1
was read a second time, and considered by the
Senate as in Committee of the Whole.
It provides that so much of the fifth section of
the act of which this is amendatory, as declares
that if, in offering at public sale any tract of land
ceded by the Wyandots under tile treaty con-
cluded with that tribe on the 7th March, 1842,
on which improvements exist, the real valu.e of the
same, according to the estimates of the superin-
tendents, shall not be bidden, it shall he theirduty
to withdraw the tract from sale, and the tracts thus
withdrawn from sale shall be offered at public sale,
due public notice first being given, be, and the
same is hereby repealed; and that all such lands
shall be exposed at public sale to the highest bid-
der, at such time and place as the Commissioner
of the General Land Office may direct, subject to
the minimum price per acre of $2 50.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, and was
read a third time and passed.
GRANT OF LAND IN ARKANSAS.
The bill " granting to the State of Arkansas the
' right of way and a portion of the public lands,
' to aid in the construction of a railroad from
'Gaines's Landing to Fulton, in said State,"was
taken up for a third reading.
Mr. BRADBURY. 1 do not intend to oppose
the passage of this hill; but I wish to inquire of
the Senator from Arkansas, whether this is the
first, second, third, or fourth bill which grants
lands to that State, to aid in the construction of
lailroads ?
Mr. BORLAND. I will state to the Senator
from Maine, that this is the second bill that has
been reported for Arkansas, and that upon an
estimate which 1 have in my dpsk, it appears that
less land will still have been gran ted to Arkansas,
for the same purpose, than has been granted to
other States, when this is granted.
Mr. BRADBURY. I made the inquiry be-
cause I bad the impression that this was the third
railroad for which land had been granted in Ar-
kansas. 1 thought the Committee on Pubbc Lands
had adopted the principle of giving land for two
railroads in each State, at this session, reserving
further action-till another session; but as this is
only the second, I will say nothing further.
The bill was read a third time, and passed.
SAFETY OF PASSENGERS ON STEAMBOATS.
Mr. DAVIS. I wish to say to the Senate, that
the bill we acted upon yesterday, as in Committee
of the Whole, is now printed, with the amend-
ments, and is in the Capitol. 1 wish also to say
one word in explanation. I did whatever I could
do to have this printing done in season for action
to-day. I had a promise that it should be here by
twelve o'clock, but I have understood, by the
Secretary, that whatever effort could be made has
been made to have it here. I will merely say,
that it is ready for action whenever it is the desire
of the Senate to take it up. I shall not move to
take it up to-day.
Mr. ADAMS. I move that we proceed to its
consideration now. We have yet an hour during
which we might consider it; and as to-morrow is
private bill day, if it is not taken up to-day, we
shall not set it up again this week.
Mr. CHASE. I hope it will not be proceeded
with to-day. The bill has not yet been laid upon
our tables, and we want a little time to consider it.
Mr. DAVIS. I understand the bill, as printed,
is now in the Capitol.
The question was taken on the motion to pro-
ceed to the consideration of the bill, and it was not
agreed to.
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, July 8, 1852.
The House met at eleven o'clock,a. m. Prayer
by the Rev. L. F. Morgan.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER. House bill No. 144, to
amend the act entitled "An act to reduce and mod-
ify the rates of postage," reported on Tuesday
last from the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads, with sundry amendments, having been
postponed until to-day, is the first business in
order; the pending question being on the amend-
ments proposed by the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
