774
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 17,
Mr. BORLAND. I have not made any esti-
mate of the number of acres granted to the State of
Arkansas by this bill. The road runs from the
Mississippi river, through the centre of the State,
to the western frontier. The State is about three
hundred miles in width, frotn east to west. The
grant applies to land for six miles on each side of
the road, giving the alternate sections. The esti-
mate 1 have not made; it is not material that it
should be made. I have not deemed it necessary,
and therefore I have not sat down to make the cal-
culation. 1 would, say that along- the line of the
road a large portion of the land is in the hands of
proprietors, so that perhaps not more than half
will be given along the line of the road within the
six miles.
With regard to the question as to the amount
of swamp land granted to Arkansas, I will say,
that it is impossible to tell the amount, because
the selections have not been made. But even if
they were made, and amounted to millions, I
would say, that they are not worth anything at
all, until the State has expended all that she can
ever receive for them, in converting them into
good land.
The bill was then reported to the Senate, and
the amendments made in Committee of the Whole,
were concurred in. It was then ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading.
RAILROAD IN ALABAMA.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the bill, grantingto
the State of Alabama, the right of way, and a do-
nation of public land, for making a railroad from
Selma to the Tennessee river.
This bill was of the same character as the bills
making grants of land for similar purposes, in the
States of Iowa, Missouri, and Arkansas, and
the several amendments adopted in regard to these
bills, were incorporated in this bill. It was re-
ported to the Senate, the several amendments were
concurred in, and the bill was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading.
NAVAL HOSPITAL AT NEW YORK.
Mr. BADGER. I ask the Senate to take up a
joint resolution, reported from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, for the purpose of disposing of it
at this time. Tt is a joint resolution, authorising
the straightening of the boundary lines of the naval
hospital at New York. We passed a resolution
some time ago; and, in consequence of it, some
difficulty arose, which renders this resolution ne-
cessary. I move to postpone the previous orders
to take it up.
The motion was agreed to; and the resolution
| was considered by the Senate, as in Committee
iof the Whole.
The resolution was read. It proposes to author-
ize the Secretary of the Navy, on the part of tile
United Slates, to carry into full effect an arrange-
ment made with the coterminous proprietors,
whereby a certain part of the eastern boundary of
the lands of the naval hospital at New York is
straightened, as will appear by referenceto a map,
signed by the said propi letors and the commission-
ers for running the s.ud line on the '28th of Novem-
ber, 1848, and approved by the Secretary of the
Navy, on the 18th of December, in the same year,
so that without any pecuniary consideration from
the one to the other, the slips of land on the south
and west sides of said line according to said plan
sh ill become the property of the United States, and
so much on the other side as now belongs to the
  United States, shall become the property of the
abutting proprietors respectively.
Mr. BRADBURY. I would like to hear an
explanation from some gentleman who is on the
committee which reported this bill, as to whether
it is to involve any considerable expenditure m
the purchase or" lands.
Mr. BADGER. If the Senator from Maine
had listened to the resolution when read, he would
have learned that it does not involve the expendi-
ture ot a single sixpence. The boundary is irreg-
ular, and the object is to make a straight line, and
to make an exchange of small slips of land.
No amendment being offered, the resolution was
reported to the Senate, and ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading.
SELECTION OV LANDS IN WISCONSIN.
Mr. WALKER. Very early in the session I
introduced a bill to authorize the State of Wiscon-
sin to select the residue of the lands to which that
State is entitled, under the act of the 8th August,
1846, to aid in the improvement of the Fox and
Wisconsin rivers. I desire that it may be taken
up. I would not now make the motion but that
our Legislature is in session, and if the bill is
passed it will be necessary that it should be passed
soon", in order to enable the Legislature to take
some action on the subject at the present session.
It is just such a bill as has been passed for the
State of Illinois, and I hope there is not to be any
distinction made between the two States.
The motion to take tip the bill was agreed to,
and the Senate proceeded to its consideration as in
Committee of the Whole.
The PRESIDENT. The bill is reported with
an amendment. The committee propose to strike
out these words:
" That the Governor of the State of Wisconsin shall be,
and he is hereby authorized to select the balance of the
land to which the State is entitled under the provisions of
the act of 8th of August, 1846, to aid in the improvement ol
the Fox and Wisconsin jivers, out of any of the unsold and
unapprojniated lands in the State."
And to substitute these words:
" That the Governor of the State of Wisconsin shall be,
and he is hereby authorized to select, out of any unsold and
unappropriated lands in that State, the balance of the land
to which that State is entitled under the piovisions of the
act of 8th August, 184G, within the limits of (lie giant of
land, to aid in the improvement of the Fox and Wisconsin
rivers, which could not be assigned to the State under the
provisions of said act, in consequence of the same having
been pieviously sold or otherwise disposed of."
Mr. BADGER. There is a slight verbal amend-
ment which I would suggest; which is to strike
out the word "balance," and insert the word
u residue."
The amendments were agreed to.
The^bill was then reported to the Senate, die
amendments were concurred in, and the bill was
orda^ed to be engrossed for a third reading.
MARINE HOSPITAL AT PORTLAND.
Mr. HAMLIN. I move that the Senate take
up the bill making an appropriation for the erec-
tion of a marine hospital at Portland, Maine. I
think it is a bill which will commend itself to the
favorable consideration of the Senate. It will
stand on its own merits.
Mr. BORLAND. That bill asks for an appro-
priation for building or continuing a marine hos-
pital. I would like to inquiieof the Senator from
Maine, whether there is any reason why a differ-
ent course should be pursued in regard to that bill
than is pursued in regard to appropriations for
other purposes? I know that heretofore appro-
priations for marine hospitals have been included
in the general appropriation bills, and I recollect
that on one occasion a long discussion occurred on
a motion to strike out a similar appropriation from
the general appropriation bill. Now, I wish to
know the reason why a difference should be made
m this case ?
Air. HAMLIN. I have stated that I was will-
ing to let this bill stand upon its own merits, and
not to have it depending on the general appropri-
ation bill to bring it through. The only difference
that I know of is, that I propose to bring it up
and pass it in a bill by itself; and I do not know
why it should not commend itself to the good
.sense of the Senate, because 1 am willing to trust
it to its own merits. The other course named by
the Senator was irregular. This is the correct and
parliamentary course.
Mr. BADGER. I can suggest another reason,
in addition to that suggested by the Senator from
Maine, why it is proper that this bill should be
acted upon now. I doubt whether the motion
could be made to insert this bill in the general ap-
propriation bill, unless the sense of the Senate had
been taken upon it, under the restrictive rule which
we adopted last session.
The question was then taken on the motion to
postpone the previous orders to take up the bill,
and it was agreed to.
The bill was then read a second time, and con-
sidered by the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole. It provides that the Secretary of the
Treasury be authorized and directed to purchase
a suitable site in Portland, in the State of Maine,
or in such place in the immediate vicinity thereof
as he shall deem proper, and to cause to be erect-
ed thereon, under his direction, a marine hospital
for the relief of sick and disabled seamen; and for
that purpose the sum of $30,000 is appropriated.
Mr. HAMLIN. I would ask fo-r the reading
of the report which accompanies the bill, but that
I think I can state the facts more succinctly than
they are set forth in that report, and what will be^
satisfactory to the Senate. There has never been
a marine hospital north of Boston, though we
have a distance of coast of five hundred miles be-
tween Boston and the Province of New Brunswick.
There are in the State of Maine near forty thou-
sand seamen who at different times follow the sea
for a living. We contribute to the seamen's fund
somewhere in the neighborhood of $10,000 annu-
ally. The severities of our climate and the large
number of our seamen, are the facts upon which
that report was based, and I think I need not say
anything more. I have the facts before me for a
full explanation, but I will stop unless some Sen-
ator snail desire a further statement.
Mr. BADGER. That is quite enough.
Mr. BORLAND. Lest it may be supposed
; that I am opposed to the passage of this bill, in
i consequence of the inquiry I made, I rise to say
J that I cordially approve of it, and only wished to
j know whether there was any difference between
i this bill and those which have formerly been passed
1 on this subject. Among the first things which
l I did when I came here, was to ask for an appro-
| priation for the erectien of a similar hospital in my
! own State. I then went into an estimate of the
amount which was held by the Government of the
vast sums of money taken from seamen, which I
held ought to be appropriated liberally for this and
similar purposes.
The Senator from Maine says there are near
forty thousand seamen in Maine. I say, then, that
! I think they are entitled to $100,000 a year; for
i they each pay $2 40 a year into the Treasury, not
I by a tax, but it is paid out of their wages, being
i twenty cents per month. And it is no matter
i what kind of a vessel or craft they go upon, even
1 if it is a raft, each man so employed has deducted
| from his wages $2 40 a year, so that these forty
i thousand seamen in Maine are entitled to ยง100,000 *
J per annum.
j Mr. HAMLIN. 1 did not understand the in-
j quiry made by the Senator from Arkansas as
I being dictated by a spirit of opposition, and if,
, from the manner in which I replied to him, he
supposed that I did, he is entirely mistaken. The
Senator from Arkansas will recollect that all per-
sons in Maine who are seamen, do not follow the
sea all the time, or at the same time; perhaps
not one half. Besides, the amount of money con-
tributed by the seamen of Maine, is paid mostly
in other States. The seaman is entitled to relief
wherever he may be. For that purpose these
hospitals are erected all over the country, which
are designed to furnish that very relief
Mr. FELCH. I would inquire whether the
ยง30,000 is for the purchase of grounds, or whether
this is the commencement of an operation which
is to be carried out by further appropriations? I
would like to know whether there is to be any
limit to this appropriation ?
Mr. BADGER. It will certainly require further
appropriations.
Mr. HAMLIN. The bill, Mr. President, has
no limitation, nor do I think it should have any.
It may be that $30,000 will be found sufficient to
complete the whole work, but it is hardly advisa-
ble to restrict it to that sum, for we shall then
have but one single marine hospital north of Bos-
ton, and it should be made to accommodate a large
number of persons. Let the matter be subject to
the direction of the Treasury Department.
< Mr. BADGER. If there be any doubt about
i the sum, you had better make it $50,000 instead
of $30,000.
Mr. HAMLIN. No, no; let it go at $30,000.
Mr. STOCKTON. I move to amend the bill
by striking out " thirty'4 and inserting " fifty,''
so as to make the sum $50,000.
Mj\/HAMLIN. If the Senator from New Jer-
sey wl allow me, I will ask him to withdraw
that amendment. I know the feelings which
prompt him to offer it; but the Department has
suggested that $30,000 should be applied for, and
I think it would be better to adhere to that sum.
Let a further sum be appropriated hereafter when
necessary.
Mr. STOCKTON. Well, well; I withdraw the
amendment.
Mr. BELL. I do not rise for the purpose of
opposing this bill, but I should like to know from
