Hi
INDEX TO THE LAWS
Lives of passengers on board of steamboats. (See
Passengers.)
Loan Office and final-settlement certificates, appro-
priation for the redemption of. 6
Loan Office certificates, appropriation for the re-
demption of 18
Loans and Treasury notes, appropriation for ex-
penses of 18
Lot of land in Gnadenhutten, in Oliio, an act
' providing for the future disposition of 5
Louisiana, appropriations for light-houses in. .30
establishment of post roads in 34
Louisville, Kentucky, appropriation for a custom-
house at 7
M.
Macadamized turnpikes, the right of way through
the public lands granted to all 9
McGaw, John A., of New York, an act for the
relief of   46
Mcintosh, John, an act for the relief of 46
Magazines, appropriations for 21
Mali, daily, between Louisville and New Orleans,
authority to contract for 38
Mail agents to California, provision in regard
to 23
Mail depredations, provisions for the punishment
.of 37
Mail service, foreign, appropriation to the Collins
line for 7
provision for an extension of 23
between Boston and Halifax 37
foreign and domestic, appropriation for the, and
provisions in regard to 23
Mails, United States, right to transport on the
Missouri railroads 3, 12
across the Isthmus of Panama, appropriation
/or 29
tri-monthly, from New Orleans to Vera Cruz,
via Tampico, and back, in steam vessels, an
act to provide for a 12, 29
act making appropriation for the transportation
of the, in ocean steamers, &c 29
provisions for the punishment of depredations
upon the 37
of Canada, provisions in regard to 37
Maine, appropriation to reimburse, for expendi-
tures for military purposes 19, 22
appropriation for light-houses in 29
act establishing certain post roads in 32
Mall, public, in Washington, appropriation to
the 6
Maps of the boundaries of the Indian territory,
appropriation for compiling 28
March, James M., appropriation indemnifying,
for loss of property by Indians 27
Marine Corps, appropriations for the 21
Marine hospitals, appropriations for the construc-
tion and support of'. 16
Mariners detained as witnesses, appropriation to
pay certain 18
Maryland, appropriations for light-houses in. .30
establishment of certain post roads in 32
Massachusetts, appropriation to reimburse, for
expenditures for military purposes 19
appropriation for light-houses in 29
Menomonee Indians, indemnity to, for losses., .6
Messengers in the post office of the House of
Representatives, increased pay to the 19
Meteorological observations, appropriation for.20
Mexican Boundary. (See Boundary )
Mexico. (See Ti eatij with .Mexico.—Cemetery )
Michigan, appropriation for light-houses in..30, 31
establishment of certain post routes in 36
sale of reserved land in (See Wiiandott Lands ) j
an act to confirm to the State of,' lands selected j
for sahne purposes  9 I
an act granting to the State of, the right of way j
and a donation of public lands for the con- J
(■fraction of a ship canal around the Falls of j
St. Mary, in said State 1] |
appropriation to pay to, the moneys advanced :
for equipping troops, &c ' 22
Mileage, of the Delegate from Oregon, act to reg- \
ulate the.    ... .3 !
of Senators and representatives, appropriation
for 9, 13
provision against constructive ',19 ;
Military land warrants. (See Vvginia Military
Land Warrants.) 1
Milittrv contributions. (See .Iccounts.)
Military Asylum, provision for the examination
of the Clue Lick Springs as a site for a.. .23 :
Military Academy at West Point, appropriation.
to pay the expenses of the 9
Military reserve at St. Peter's, an act to reduce
and define the boundaries of the 11
Miller, Philip, an act for the relief of 44
Milligan, Robert, an act for the relief of. 45
Ministers abroad, appropriations for outfits, sal-
aries, &c., of. 16
Minnesota Territory. (See St. Peter's River.)
an act to create an additional land office in.. .12
appropriations for the support of Government
in '... 15
appropriation for the contingent expenses of the
Legislative Assembly of. 6
other appropriations for 7
establishment of certain post routes in 37
Ministerial officers, extraordinary expenses by, in
executing the laws, provided for 19
Mint of the United States, an act to establish a
branch of the, in California 4
appropriations for the, and its several branch-
es     15
a branch, established in California, and appro-
priation for 19
Mississippi river, appropriation for a survey of
the delta of the 22
Mississippi, the Legislature of, authorized to sell
the lands appropriated to her for schools, and
the previous sales ratified 2
appropriations for light-houses in 30
establishment of certain post roads in 33
Missouri, grants of lands to, for certain rail-
roads  3
act giving the assent of Congress to the State
of, to tax lands heretofore sold by the United
States, from and after the day of sale 3
establishment of certain post roads in 35
Mitchell, A. M., and posse of citizens of Minne-
sota, engaged in suppressing Indian hostili-
ties, appropriation to pay 27
Mitchell, Lieutenant-Colonel, of the State of Mis-
souri, an act for the relief of 44
Mobile, appropriation for a custom-house at. 7
Monroe Railroad Company and their sureties, an
act for the relief of the 45
Mordecai, M. C., appropriation to, to carry the
United States mail from Charleston to Ha-
vana 29
Mounted riflemen under Colonel Fremont, in the
California service, pay of the 22
Murphy, David, an act for the relief of 46
N.
Naval Academy at Annapolis, appropriations to
support the, &c 20
Naval hospitals, appropriations to maintain the.21
Naval officers, ofBoston, New York, Philadelphia,
Baltimore, and New Orleans, the future pay
of the  
the future compensation of 20
Naval service, act making appropriation for. ..20
Navy pensions, act making appropriation to
pay 4 j
Navv-vard and naval depot in the Bay of San
Francisco, authority to select a site for, and !
construct, &c, 21 1
Navy-yards, United States, appropriations to
support and improve the several 20
New .Teroey, appropriations for light-houses in.30
establishment of certain post roads in 32
New Jersey Avenue, Washington, appropriation '
    
New Hampshire, an act authorizing the payment ,
of interest to the State of, for advances made i
for the use and benefit of the United States, 1
in suppressing insurrection at Indian Stream,
in said State j
appropriations for li^ht-housesin 29 ;
establishment of certain post roads in 32 '
New Mexico, appropriations for the support of
Government in   !
establishment of certain post routes in 37 ■
New Orleans. (See Spanish Consul—Collector.) i
Newspapers, an act. reducing the rates of postage '
on jo [
New York, appropriations for light-houses 30
establishment of certain post roads in [ .32 i
Norfolk, appropriation for a custom-house'aV ."*7
North Carolina, appropriation to pay to, the
moneys advanced to the troops, &c....' . .go
establishment of certain post roads in .. . . . . .'33
appropriations for light-houses in  30 ;
Norton, Anna, and Lewis Foskit, an act for the
relief of  45 ,
Northeast Executive Building, appropriations for
the 13
Northwest Executive Building, apppropriations
for  
0.
Observatory, National, appropriation for 20
Ocean Steam Navigation Company, appropriation
for, and authority to contract with, to carry
mail to certain ports 23, 29
Offut, Theodore, an act for the relief of 45
Ohio, sale of reserved lands in. (See Wyandotte
Lands.)
appropriations for light-houses in 30
establishment of certain post roads in 34
Oregon, Delegate from. (See Mileage.)
appropriation for office of superintendent of In-
dian affairs in 6
joint resolution approving and confirming an
act of the Legislative Assembly of the Ter-
ritory of, entitled An act to provide for the
selection of places for location and erection of
the public buildings of the Territory of, and
for other purposes 43
an act amendatory of the act to settle and adjust
the expenses of the people of, in defending
themselves against the Cayuse Indians 9
appropriations for the support of Government
in 15
the establishment of'certain post routes in.. .37
Outfits. (See Charge.)
appropriations for outfits of Ministers, Charges,
&c 7, 16
Owen, David Dale, United States Geologist, ap-
propriation to pay for copies of the report
of.  
P.
Parker, Peter, compensation to, as acting Charge
d 'Affaires at Canton 16
on board of steamboats, law amenda-
tory of the act for the better security of the
lives of. 33
Patent Office Building, appropriation to pay super-
intendent and watchmen of 7, 19
appropriation to pay officers and clerks, &c.,
of the 18
appropriation to complete the east and construct
the west wing of the 18
appropriation for books for the library of.. .19
Pay, extra, to the army officers in California
continued 22
Payne, William S., an act for the relief of. 45
Paymasters' clerks, the rations of 22
Penitentiary in the District of Columbia, appro-
priations for the officers, &c., of the 18
Pensions, navy, appropriations to pay 4
invalid, appropriations to pay 5
Pension Office, appropriations for the 14
Philadelphia. (See Dry Dock.)
Pitchlyn, Hiram R., appropriation to pay the
claim of 24
Pittsburg, appropriation for a custom-house at. .7
Plank roads, right of way granted to all, through
the public lands °9
Plank roads. (See Faiietteville and Central.)
Plummer, Joseph Morton, and Mary Reynolds
Plummer, an act for the relief of 47
Portrait of Henry Clay, joint resolution accepting
from Guiseppe Fagnani a, and ordering it to
be placed in the library of Congress .43
Ports of delivery, Alton and Salina in Illinois,
Burlington in Iowa, Knoxville in Tennessee,
and Port Jefferson in the State of New York,
constituted  
Ports of entry and delivery. (See Puget Sound.)
Postage._ (See Congressional Globe and .Ippemliv.)
Postage in tne United States, an act amendatory
ot the act to reduce and modify the rates of,
and for other purposes, &c 12
Postage law, provisions for the punishment of
offences against the 37
Postal system, provisions for the punishment of
frauds and depredations upon the 37
Postmaster General. (See Contracts.)
Postmasters' commissions, provision in regard
I to ".38
. Post Office Department, appropriation for oontin-
; gent expenses of the,'. 7
j appropriations for officers, clerks, &c...' '.l.i' 18
additional clerks for the ,]9
1 act making appropriation for the service of. .23
{ appropriitions for the 7
: appropriations for the Auditor of.,] J3
i Post roads, bill establishing certain 32
