INDEX TO THE LAWS.
liii"
Post routes, resolution to establish certain 43
Preemption, act to grant to the settlers on the
Menominee Purchase, north of Fox river, the
right of 3
act protecting actual settlers on the line of the
Central railroad in a right of. 9
President of the United States, his duties under
the laws creatingnewland offices in Iowa and
Wisconsin 8, 9
appropriation for salary of the 13
President's House, appropriation for the annual j
repairs of the 6 !
and grounds, and all officers connected there- j
with, appropriation for G, IT |
Prewett, Elizabeth, the widow and executrix of
Robert C. Prewett, deceased, a resolution for
the relief of -47 \
Printer, the public, to execute the printing with- •
out delay, and furnish paper therefor 21
(See Hamilton.)
Printing, public, an act to provide for executing
the, and establishing the prices thereof, &c.,
and for other purposes 10
(See Estimates of Appropriations.)
Robert Armstrong, the public printer, to execute
without delay     -21
joint resolution providing for, of additional copies
of the journals and public documents 43
Prisoners. (See Cuban Prisoners.)
Public buildings and grounds in Washington, ap-
propriations for the 1, 6, 17, 43
Public buildings. (See Oregon—Saline Lands.) _
Public lands, an act to legalize entries of, in
Florida   3
grants of, to Missouri for railroads 3
sold by the United States, assent of Congress to
Missouri to tax, from and after day of sale.3
act to supply a deficiency to the State of Indiana
in a township of, granted for the use of a i
State University _ -5
act to restore to the mass of the, certain lands
reserved in the State of Arkansas.........5
act amendatory of the act regulating the sale of
the Wyandotte lands in Ohio and Michigan.5 j
in the new districts in Iowa and Wisconsin, to !
be put up to sale, &c   8
appropriations for the surveys of, in the several
States and Territories of the United States,
and for the salaries of officers 17 j
Pueblo Indians, appropriation to pay the expense
of their visit to Washington 27 ;
Puget Sound and Umpqua, in the Territory of J
Oregon, an act authorizing the President to
designate the ports of entry and delivery for :
the collection district at 8
a.
(Quartermaster's Department, appropriations for
the 5, 14, 21
(Queen of Spain, prisoners pardoned by. (See
Cuban Prisoners.)
R.
Railroad Company. (See Monroe Railroad— Wil-
mington and Manchester )
Railroads, the right of way through the public I
lands granted to all  ; 9
grants of land to Missouri for certain 3
Register of the Treasury, apppropriations for the :
office of the ;13. 14 ,
Registers and receivers to charge for services in .
locating military land warrants 2 ;
compensation to, for warrants heretofore lo-
cated. ..    .2 |
to be appointed for new districts in Iowa and !
Wisconsin   - • - • ® !
to be appointed for new districts m Minnesota i
Territory   V '  P j
Registry, an act to admit the vessel Ettiwan to ,
° • 44
registry *   • • ••*  1
an act authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury ,
to issue a register to the brig Ada....... .44
an act to admit the hermaphrodite brig Sylphide j
to registry   : 
an act to authorize the issuing of a register to
the brig America     44 j
an act to authorize the issuing of a register to
the ship Kossuth •••••; . ; ...
an act to change the name of the Amencun builtj
vessel named Amelia, and to grant a register
Reporting and publishing the debates, appropria-
tion to pay for 13, 18
Representatives, appropriation for the compensa-
tion of 13
Reservations. (See Salt Springs—Arkansas—
Military Reserve at St. Peter's.)
Revenue cutters, appropriation for the building of
six 18
Reynolds, Charles, of Natchez, Mississippi, reso-
lution authorizing the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to ratify and confirm an exchange of
lands between the United States and. .43, 47
Rhode Island, appropriation for light-houses in.30
the establishment of certain post roads in.. .32
Riflemen. (See Mounted Riflemen.)
Right of way through the public lands, grants of,
(See Missouri—Fayetteville and Central Plank
Road—Michigan.)
an act to grant the, to all rail and plank roads
and macadamized turnpikes passing through
the lands belonging to the United States... .9
Ritchie, Thomas, assignee of William M. Belt,
appropriation to, indemnifying him for losses
on public printing 13
Robinson, John W., an act for the relief of.. .45
Room. (See Library of Congress.)
S.
Salaries of officers in the Territories of the United
States, act regulating the .4
Saline lands in Indiana, act to enable the Legis-
lature of Indiana to dispose of the unsold. .5
Saline lands. See (Wisconsin—Michigan.)
Salt springs, an act to relinquish to Iowa the
lands reserved for 3
San Francisco, California, Secretary of Treasury
to purchase a site for a custom-house at 8
bay of. (See Navy- Yard.)
School lands, Mississippi authorized to sell the,
granted to said State, and previous sales
ratified.    
Seamen, sick and disabled, appropriation for. .18
Secretary of the Interior invested with duties to- I
wards the Indian 7 '
Secretary of the Treasury and Assistants, appro-
priation for   13
Seminole warriors, who were mustered into the
service of the United States, allowances to
the   • ■
Semoice, a friendly Creek Indian, an act for the j
relief of the heirs of. 46 j
Senate, appropriation for the contingent expenses |
of the   • • •• 13 :
Senators, appropriation for compensation of... 13 j
Seneca Indians, appropriations to 6 I
Settees, iron, for the Capitol grounds 17 j
Settlers on the Menominee Purchase, grant of the j
right of preemption to 3
on the line of the Central Railroad, to be pro- !
tected in a right of preemption 9 j
Sherman, Charles H. (See Mariners.) \
Ship canal around the Falls of St. Mary, an act !
granting the State of Michigan the right of
way and a donation of public land for the
construction of a.  H
Shobonier, appropriation for the purchase of two
sections ofland reserved for -6
Skinner, Sergeant Leonard, an act for the relief
Steam-mail service, an act providing for a line
between New Orleans, Vera Cruz, and Tam-
pico 12
between New Orleans and certain Gulf pons,
provision for 23, 29
authority to contract with the Ocean Steam
Navigation Company for an extension of the,
to Havre, Bremen, &c.,and an appropriation
for 23, 29
act making appropriation for the,.   29
between Boston and Halifax, provision for..37
St. Louis, appropriation for a custom-house at..7
St. Peter's river, in Minnesota Territory, joint
resolution changing the name of the 43
military reserve, act to define the boundaries
of... 11
Superintendent of Indian Affairs. (See Indian
Affairs.)
Superintendent and watchmen of Patent Office
Building, pay to 7
Surplus fund, all unexpended appropriations to
be carried to 19
Survey of the Delta of the Mississippi, appropria-
tion for the 22
Surveyors General and their clerks, appropriation
to   v15, 17
Surveyor General in Arkansas, appropriation for
the compensation of, and expenses in the
office of the  .6
Surveys of public lands and private claims in Cal-
ifornia, appropriation for 6
of the mineral region of Michigan, appropria-
tion for 6
of the salable land in the Menominee Purchase,
appropriation for   6
of public lands generally, appropriations for.17
Surveys in the Pacific and China seas. (See Ves-
sels.)
Sylphide, an act to admit the hermaphrodite brig
to registry 44
Synoptical Index of Statutes at Large, Secretary
of the Senate to purchase 19
T.
Tax upon lands sold by the United States, from
and after the day of sale, assent of Congress
of.
.46
in her name..
.45
an act to authorize the issuing a register to the
shooner Caroline of Barnstable • .45
an act to issue a new register to the stamboat
Brilliant.,
,45
Solicitor of the Treasury, appropriation for the
office of the 13. 14
South Carolina, appropriation to pay to, the ;
moneys advanced to volunteers 22 ;
appropriations for light-houses   30 :
establishment of certain post roads in..  33 I
Southwest Executive Building, appropriation for
the.
..14
Spain. (See Cuban Prisoners.)
Spanish Consul and Spanish subjects at New
Orleans, President of the United States to
compensate the, forlossesby violence,&c..16
Springfield Armory, appropriation for 22
State Department, appropriations for the expenses
of the I3 |
Statistics. (See Indian Statistics.) _ ]
Statuarv for the Capitol, appropriation for freight :
of Greenough's group of   IS j
Statue of Andrew Jackson, in Lafayette Square, ;
appropriation for pedestal for    .18 j
Statutes at Large, Revised. (See Little Sf Drown.) i
Steamboats, law for the better security of the
lives of passengers on board 38
Steamer Bibb, appropriation for the repair of,
..7
to impose a 
Taylor, David, the claim of, to be adjusted 24
Ten Eyck, Anthony, compensation to, as Com-
missioner at the Sandwich Islands 17
Tennessee, establishment of certain post roads
in   .34
Territories of the United States, act regulating the
salaries of officers in the..    4
appropriations for the support of Government
m the several 15
officers of the, to be reduced in their pay for
absenteeism 19
Texas, mounted volunteers of, appropriation to
pay.      ^
Indians, appropriations to negotiate with the.,6
appropriation for light-houses in.    31
establishment of certain post routes in 36
Third Auditor's Office, appropriation for the con-
tingent expenses of the 5
Thuiston, Elizabeth P., of the Territory of Ore-
gon, joint resolution for the relief of. 47
Trade with Mexico. (See Dutiei.)
Transfers from one head of appropriation to an-
other, act allowing of a, repealed 21, 22
Treasurer of the United States, appropriation for
the office of.   •' * ^
Treasury Department, comprising all its bureaus,
appropriations for the   13, 14
Treaty, with Mexico, an act to provide for carry-
ing into execution, in further part, the twelfth
article of the, concluded at Guadalupe Hidal-
go     1
between the United States and Brazil, an act
amendatory of the act to carry into effect
the 
Tribou, Francis, an act for the relief of 46
Tripp, Albra, an act for the relief of. 45
Twio-gs, Priscilla D., pay to, of allowances which
would have accrued to her son George... .22
U.
Utah, appropriations for the support of govern-
ment in the Territory of   15
the establishment of certain post routes m.. .37
V.
Vessels for survey of Behring's Straits, North
Pacific and China seas, appropriation for pur-
chase of.   *   *21
