1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
775
my honorable friend from Maine, why this bill is
brought in as a separate measure? Heretofore,
when we have established marine hospitals, the
appropriations for them have been required to be
incorporated in the general appropriation bill.
Now, I do not ask this from mere idle curiosity
to know the history of this bill, but because I feel
myself charged here to do so. There is a strong
necessity for something being done for that por-
tion of the country which I represent on this floor-
something for the waters of the Mississippi. I
think we should have a marine hospital there,*
where there is not unfrequently a grea,t deal of
suffering, and particularly during the last three or
four yean?, when the cholera was prevalent. If
gentlemen have not attended to the statements made
in the public prints in regard to the suffering which
has been endured on these waters, they can have
no idea of them, much of which suffering, how-
ever, might be alleviated by the establishment of
marine hospitals. I have no doubt that this bill
is a very proper one; but I want to learn from the
chairman of the Committee on Commerce whether
there are not to be other bills, general bills, for the
support of hospitals, and whether they piopose
the establishment of any new hospitals in that
general bill, I merely ask this question for inform-
ation, not that I wish to obstruct the passage of
the bill, but to know why this measure is to be
passed now, contrary to the custom which has
been adopted heretofore,
Mr. HAMLIN. There is now pending in the
House—if I may be allowed to refer to that
foody—as we see by its proceedings, a measure
for the relief of sick and disabled seamen. There
is annually made, in the appropriation bills, an
appropriation of a sum certain for that purpose,
over and above the sum which arises from the
payment of twenty cents per month from the sea-
men's wages. This bill has nothing to do with
that. It is a bill for the erection of a hospital, not
one making an appropriation for sick and disabled
seamen, otherwise than erecting for them in Maine,
where there is no hospital, a seamen's home. The
subject-matter was referred to the Committee on
Commerce, and they have reported the bill. There
was also a memorial referred to that committee, for
another hospital in the State of Louisiana. On
that they have reported, or directed the Senator
from Louisiana [Mr. Soule] to report, a bill.
We have not sought to incumber the one bill by };
the other. While it is true, as I have stated, that j \
many of our hospitals have been erected by at- i;
tachins: a specific appropriation to our appropria- i
tion bills, still, I think it is no objection to tins bill j!
that we seek for its passage in the ordinary way ij
of doing ^legislative business, trusting to its own ||
intrinsic merits for a favorable action of the Sen- !|
ate. !
Mr. BADGER. I suggested to my friend from '
Maine, that there was a separate reason why this
bill should receive the support of the Senate. If
gentlemen will attend to the alteration which was
made, at the last Congress, in the rules of the
Senate, in respect to the general appropriation
bills, they will see the extreme importance of its
"being passed; for if a general appropriation bill
should come here, and the Senate should not ha\e
passed this bill, or a resolution declaring the pro-
priety of it, this appropuation could not be moved
as an amendment to it. The 30th rule of the Sen-
ate is as follows:
" No amendment, proposing an additional appropriation,
shall be received to any general appropriation bill, unless
it be nnde to carry out the provisions ot some existing law,
or some act, or resolution, previously passed by tlie feenute
during that session," &c. ^ j
Now, if the Senate })ass this law, although it |
should not be reached in the House, it will then j
be competent to move this appropriation in the j
general appropriation bills. _ j
The bill was reported to the Senate without ,
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
FRENCH SPOLIATIONS.
Mr. BRADBURY. Before the Senate adjourns, -
I desire to come to an understanding as to when
the French spoliation bill shall be considered. If
some day next week—Monday, iuesday,oi AVecl- i
nesday—can be designated, and we can have an :
understanding upon the subject, I intend not to
press the Senate to consider it before that time. I
hope some day will be named when, by common
consent, we can take it up.
Mr. BADGER. I shall be extremely glad to
have some day named when we can consider this
bill; but I must say to the Senator, that the bill
which has been reported from the Naval Commit-
tee for the establishment of a dry dock and navy-
yard in California, we of the Naval Committee
think is entitled to the consideration of the Senate
before the bill to which he alludes. After that
shall have been disposed of, I shall join with him
to take up his bill.
Mr. BRADBURY. I will name Wednesday
for the consideration of the French spoliation bill.
Mr. BADGER. Oh, no.
Mr. BRADBURY. The Senator from Cali-
fornia [Mr. Gwjn] says he has no objection to
agreeing to that day.
Mr. BADGER. If he has no objection to it, I
have not.
Mr. BRADBURY", If it is the common under-
standing that the bill will be taken up on that day,
I am satisfied.
Mr. GWIN". On Monday we can take up the
Calendar, and the bill to which the Senator from
North Carolina alludes stands first upon it. If
we do so, as I hope we shall, of course that bill
will come up first for consideration.
Mr. FELCH. I do not wish to H elay action
upon the French spoliation bill; but if the Senate
will set apart Monday of the week after next for
its consideration, it will suit me much better than
any other time. I am sure there are other bills
which will require the attention of the Senate, and
occupy their whole time, until that day. I there-
fore suggest Monday of the week after next.
Mr. BRADBURY, When the subject was be-
fore the select committee, the making- of the report
was delayed sometime for the accommodation of
my friend from Michigan. The publication of the
report was then delayed. At the time for calling
it up for consideration, it was again postponed
until February 16th, at the Senator's request. It
has already been postponed some two or three
times. I trust, therefore, the Senate will consent
to have it considered on Wednesday next.
The PRESIDENT. There is no motion before
the Senate.
On motion by Mr. BADGER, the Senate then
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, March 17, 1852.
The House metat twelve o'clock, m. Prayer by
the Rev. Littleton F. Morgan.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
BUSINESS ON THE SPEAKER'S TABLE.
Mr. PEASLEE. There are, Mr. Speaker,
upon yoyr table, a number of communications from
the Executive departments, which it is important 'j
should be referred to some of the committees. 1 <
hope the House will unanimously consent that !
they shall be taken up and refeired; it will occupy ;
a few moments. < :
The SPEAKER. The first business in order |
is the motion made by the gentleman from Ala- '
bama [Mr. Houston] on yesterday, to close de- ,
bate upon the deficiency bill. The gentleman
from New Hampshire asks the unanimous con- !
sent of the House to submit a motion that the :
House proceed to the business upon the Speaker's .
table, so for as communications from the Depart- •
ments are concerned. ■
1 assignability of land warrants.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I will state, for
! the information of the House, that whenever it is ■
■ the pleasure of the House to receive the report of
I the committee of confercncc upon the disagreeing
' votes of the two Houses upon the bill providing
; for the assignability of land warrants, they aie
■ ready to ieport.
M e \jHF.r,s. L^t us have it now.
Mr. HOUSTON. I apprehend that the report
' of the conference committee, when made, will
create considerable debate, and I therefore feel it
to be my duty to object, if that objection will pre-
vent its reception at present.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman will allow
i the Chair, the gentleman from New Hampshire
! [Mr. Pea&lee] submits a motion that, by the
1 unanimous consent of the House, the communica-
■ tions from Departments upon the Speaker's table
be taken up, read, and referred to the proper com-
i, mittees.
Mr. PEASLEE. I appeal to gentlemen to let
that be done, as it will occasion no debate. They
have been on the Speaker's table for a long time,
Mr, POLK objected.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee asks the unanimous consent of the House
to make a report from the committee of confer-
ence, on the bill making bounty land warrants
assignable.
Mr. JONES. I will merely remark that there
is at least as much interest felt in the country, by
that class of people who have received but little of
the benefits of the Government, in regard to the
land warrant assignment bill, as in the deficiency
bill. It will take, I apprehend, but a short time
to disj^ose of the report of the conferees.
Mr. HOUSTON. I feel as much interest in the
enactment of a law to make land warrants assign-
able as the gentleman from Tennessee, or any
other gentleman upon this floor, I have given
my votes all through, without any consumption
of time to attain that result. If I understand the
condition of the report of the conference commit-
tee, it will consume much time in debate, unless
the gentleman from Tennessee, after he has sub-
mitted the repoit, calls for the previous question
upon it. If he will do that, so that the House
maybe brought directly to a vote, I will not inter-
pose any objection.
Mr. JONES. I cannot make that promise, be-
cause I shall have to explain the report,-and others
may wish to say something; and I could not be
expected to move the previous question. The
gentleman, or some one else, can obtain the floor,
and call for the previous question.
Mr. STANLY. 1 object to the introduction of
the report, unless the gentleman calls for the pre-
vious question after its submission.
Mr. JONES. 1 cannot promise to do that, if it
is not passed from this to the end of the session.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the gentleman from Ten-
nessee will make his explanation, and then move
the previous question, I do not think it will be ob-
jected to.
Mr. STANLY. To that I will not object.
Mr. JONES. If there be no objection, then I
will do so.
Mr. FOWLER. I rise to a question of order.
It is, whether the motion of the gentleman from
Alabama, [Mr. Houston,] having been made at
a late hour of the day yesterday, comes up under
the morning hour.
The SPEAKER. It is a privileged question;
and com'es up as the unfinished business of yes-
terday.
Mr. FOWLER. I would suggest to the gentle-
man, and all others, tu let that pass until the^
morning hour has transpned, and to allow com-
mittees to make reports, and permit the business
upon the Speaker's table to be taken up and re-
ferred ; then the House can proceed to the business
proposed by the gentleman from Alabama.
The SPEAKER. The Chair again inquires
whether the proposition of the gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Jones] is objected to.
Mr. HOUSTON. I will not object, under the
arrangement that the gentleman shad move the
previous question atW its report shall have b«ei 
explained.
Mr. ABERCROMBII2. I object.
.QUESTION OF ORDICU.
i Mr. JONES, i wish to submit n question of
i order. At w'nnt time is it in order for a committee',
of conference to report? There is nothing in the
■ rules which specifies the time; there is nothing in
i parliamentary practice which prescribes the time;
' tut I have no recollection, on any occasion, of a
! report of a committee of confercnce having been
1 excluded by an objection. It seems to me, from
the nature of the case, that it mnsl be at all times
in order, because it is business nearest to perfVc-
I tion, and business upon which both Houses arc
' engaged at the same time.
, The SPEAKER. The Chair d ^ not record
'' of any instance where objection \v:,s mace to the
introduction of the report of n Committee of con-
■ ference: and there is no rule dvio^the report of
such a committee preference over tne report or
■ any other committee.
Mr. JONES. There is no time specified; when
:l will it be in order, then, for them to make a re-
'■ port? I think that they can report at any time.
: r Th* SPEAKER. The report will be in order,
