1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1687
Mr. OLDS. 1 wish to say , with regard to that been in the revenues of tile Post Office Department, upon
bill, that the gentleman from New "York [Mr ' j ,lle Chagres and Panama route, from New York to San
Bbooks] called upon me for some statistics in re- ij wlmt P'°,
, . . J  '  , . . . . ! portion of such falnns off in the revenue is to ha ascribed
lation to the postage under toe existing law. T he p to the reduced lates of po>ta^e under the operation of the
gentleman from New York will readily under- !- act of the 3d of March, entitled "An act to reduce and
stand that it is impossible for me to sret them, < inoditj tlie rat^s of postage," &c.; and what proportion to
when I tell him that there are more than%*v*ntv '• transportation ot letters, by pnvatc express outride the
1 teu nim tUcU iaere ure more uiai; sevf"ty- j; United States mad, by the same steamer* which carry the
odd rates of postage under the law, and probably
there are not more than one in a hundred post-
masters in the country that can give the inform-
ation. Some statistics from the Post Office De-
partment were to be here at eleven o'clock to-day,
but have not yet come. If the House choose, I
would prefer, under the circumstances, to post-;| the following resolutions
pone the bill until to-morrow morning. I have ''
, .   carry t
United States mad under existing contracts; and what pro-
portion to the transportation of letter?, hy private expresses
upon shorter and more expeditious ocean routes than the
one by (Jhagres and Panama.
HAIL STEAMERS.
Mr. OLDS, from the same committee, reported
another reason for doing so; the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Grey] desires to make a report
from our committee, that it may be read before
the vote is taken upon the Collins line of steam-
ers. It is a proposition for establishing another
line of steamers from New York to London, by
the way of Galway, Ireland, and for carrying the
mail at a round trip, for a sum not exceeding
§10,000.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Old's
motion, and it was decided in the affirmative.
So* the bill was postponed until to-morrow.
MAIL LINE TO GALWAY.
Mr. GREY, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to which were referred the
proposals of Horace B. Tibbetts, made a report
thereon, accompanied by a bill (No. 295) " to au-
thorize the Postmaster General to contract for the
transportation of the mails between Jersey City,
port of New York, and Galway, in Ireland;"
which was read a first and second time, commuted
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Be it resolved, That the Secretary of the Navv be re-
I quested to transmit to this House copies of all the contracts
and supplemental contracts for the con&tiucuon of naval
mail steameis an4 the transportation of the mails between
1 New York and San Francisco, made by the Navy Depait-
ment, or by the Navy Department in conjunction with the
| Post Office Department, on behalf of the United States.
;1 Resolved, That the Secietary of the Navy be al?-o le-
quested to inform this House whether A. G. Sloo, con-
tractor for the hanspoitation of the ocean steamer mails
, | from New York to Chagies, or his assigns, have constructed
'[ and placed in the service of the United States Government
[\ the number of steamships required by the contract of the
i, said Sloo; and, if not, how many theieof the said con-
si tractor and his assigns have failed to furnish.
Resolved, further, That the Secretary of the Navy be
ij also requested to inform this House what amount or money
| has been advanced to the said Sioo, or his assigns, under
j the act of August 3d, 1848, to aid in the construction of
| their steamships, stating the date and amount ot each -uch
! advance, and the date and amount of ca<Ji rrp<\\inent of
I said advances so far made by the said A. G. Sloo, or ln< \\ that there were, perhaps, among those hooks
1 to the House since the committee ordered these
; resolutions to be reported: but there are points
j embraced in these resolutions which have not been
1 given by the Secretary of the Navy. If it will be
i any trouble to the Department to communicatethe
: information again, 1 am willing that the resolution
j shall be referred back to the committee.
; Mr. HOUSTON. That will be the better way.
; Let the committee reexamine it. I move that tne
I resolution be recommitted to the Committee on the
i Post Office and Post Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
ELIZABETH F. THURSTON.
Mr. OLDS, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to which was referred a
joint resolution for the relief of Elizabeth F. Thurs-
ton, of the Territory of Oregon, reported back the -
same without amendment, and with a recommend-
ation that it be passed.
The resolution was read through.
Mr. 0. said: I will state briefly to the House
the reasons why the widow of Mr. Thurston
seeks to obtain this relief from the Congress of the
United States. The Hon. Mr. Thurston, a Dele-
gate in the last Congress from Oregon, under his
officii franks, sent from here to his residence in
the Territory of Oregon, a large number of books,
embiacing mostly the books that were (jrdered to
be given to the new members of Congress. From
the information before us we have no doubt but
i assigns.
ii Be it also resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be
[j also requested to inform this Hout>e whether the steam-
n ships employed by the two companies of contiactors for
11 carrying the mails between New York and San Francisco
have been built according to the obligations of the con-
i] tracts under which they were constructed; whether they
are so built as to befit to carry batteries pioporiionate to
_T . j , , n j .i , . j . '' .ire mj HUiJl as iu ue m iu cany Urtucue- uiuum uuuaic u
Union, and the bill and the report ordered to be n respective tonnage of each such steamships; and also
printed.
MARY REESIDE.
Mr. OLDS, from the same committee, to which
was referred the petition of Mary Reeside, admin-
istratrix of James Reeside, deceased, made a re-
port thereon, accompanied by a joint resolution
for her relief; which was read a first and second
time, committed to a Committee of the Whole
House, made the order of the day for to-morrow,
and the joint resolution and report ordered to be
printed.
JOHN J. SYKES.
Mr. FOWLER, from the same committee, to
which was referred the petition of John J. Sykes,
made a report thereon, accompanied by a bill
] whether his Department could employ the entire sciviees
of the said steamships with advantage to the United States
Navy, and to the general inteiest of tne Government.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I wish to ask
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Olds] whether the
information asked for in that resolution is not cov-
ered by one that was passed some time since upon
the motion of the gentleman from New Hamp-
shire, [Mr. Peaslee?]
Mr. OLDS. I will say, in reply to the gentle-
man from Tennessee, tliat this resolution was
drawn up before that was proposed to the House,
and that the response to that resolution does not
embrace the whole of the information which we
seek to obtain. It is true that some portion of it
covers the same ground; but it will be no trouble
(No. 296) for his relief; which was read a first j' to the Department to furnish it as;ain.  
and second time, committed to a Committee of the [ Mr. HOL'STON. I am satisfied that if the
Whole House, made the order of the day for to- gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Olds] will refer to the
morrow, and the bill and report ordered to be documents, he will find at least lour filths, it not
printed all, of lus information already in two or three
On motion by Mr. FOWLER, it was documents which are before the two Houses
Ordered, That the Committee on the Post Office and ji of Congress. One of these resolutions asks for
Po?t Roads be discharged from the further consideration of Ij information in relation to the oloo line, ana as to
the petition of R J. Lawrenson and otheis, mail agents of j| ^|ie amount of money paid. If the gentleman will
the United estates, prajing increase of compensation, and exaul;lle thtf document of this House, Aro. 91, he
that the same be laid on the table
OCEAN MAIL SERVICE*
Mr. OLDS, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, reported the following res-
olutions; which were read, considered, and agreed
to, viz:
Rsioh-ei, That the Postmaster General be directed to
transmit to this House a copy of any and all contiacts for
the transportation of the United States mad, ooeanwise,
between New York and San Francisco ; alsoa schedule of
the time allowed by the Post Office Department tor the
tian«-poitation of said mail;?, under existing arrangements,
between the points above named; also an abstiact show-
ing the time at which said mail- departed and aruved from
and at New York and San Francisco, on each semi-
monthly tup poriormed within the last three months
Resolved further, That the Postmaster General be di-
rected to transmit to this House anv information, if such
theiebe, in possession of the Pos«t Office Department, es-
tablishing the fact, that there is now in «ucce«sful operation
one ocean route between New York and San Francisco.
will find the precise information from the proper
Department. One of those resolutions asks for a
copy of the contract, and by a reference to the
| same document it will be found that the contracts
■ are all here. The gentleman also asks, in another
i of these resolutions, for the amount of revenue.
The amount of revenue is given in several tables
' in this document, and in the document of the Sen-
1 ate, which 1 hold in my hand. Almost the entire
amount of the gentleman's information is now ij ment. T will accept it
1 . . ... i A ,1 „vwl KATAVA f U O HITA T; U
few that would not have been covered, and ought
not to have been sent under his official frank. Let
I me say, however, that the same steamer that
! brought these books to the post office in Lynn
j City j'brought to that city the news of the death of
i Mr. Thurston. The postmaster at that city re-
i fused to deliver these books to the widow of
| Thurston, alleging that among them there were
I some that Mr. Thurston had no right to frank,
j Now, sir, the committee are satisfied that the
1 postmaster at Lynn did not fully understand the
! franking privilege. For inslance, from a com-
j munication published by him in the paper at Lynn
City upon this subject, he takes it for granted that
| Mr. Thurston had no right to frank any book
i weighing over two pounds. Kow it is known to all
i members of Congress that the Archives, the Con-
I gressional Globe, and, in fact, a great poition of
j the books that were voted by Congress to new
i members exceed that weight, and Mr. Thurston
I had the privilege of franking them under his
1 official frank. The committee, although they had
information before them that Mr. Thurston did
frank a few books that he had no right to frank,
are satisfied that a large portion, indeed nearly all
of them, were covered by the resolution of Con-
gress, and they therefore desire that the resolution
may be passed, and the postmaster directed to
deliver these bonks to the widow of Mr. Thurs-
ton. Perhaps Mr. Thurston did not altogether
understand how far his franking privilege ex-
tended. I ask that the resolution be put upon its
passage.
The resolution was then ordered to a third read-
ing, and was read the third time.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. Upon the
statement made by the chairman of the Post Office
and Post Roads Committee, it seems to me that
the word "pretense" in the resolution is not, a
proper word to be used. I move to amend it by
substituting the word "allegation."
Mr. OLDS. I have no objection to the amend-
very cumbersomely printed, and before the two
Houses of Congress, and really much more so
than was needed.
If the gentleman chooses to allow his resolution
to lie over, and will look to the documents, he will
find, I think, every particle of the information he
seeks. Another resolution inquires whether the
number of ships contracted for have been put upon
affouhng the opportunity for ihetiansportatiou of the United ii the line. That, too, is specifically answered by
etwecn tliebc points, with greater economy !| ^)e published documents; and also as to their com-
than are now afforded via Chagres and Pan- j; niisi.on) where built> how and wj,en they were
and dispatch
ama,
Also, what offers, if any. are now before the Post Ofhce
Department foi the transportation of the United States
mails between New York and San Francisco, on ocean
routes othei than by Chores and Panama. How much
ltm«' could be gained, and how much money saved, it any,
by contracting for the tian«poitation of the United States
mail's, on such ocean routes, in accordance with such
olieis.
Resolved further, That the Postmaster General be dnect-
ed to inform the House what falling off, if any, theie has
examined, by whom, and when they were ac-
cepted by the Government. All the information,
from what I could catch of the resolution m hear-
ing it read, is contained in these documents. I
think, therefore, he had better let the resolution
lie over. .
Mr. OLDS. I am aware, as I said before, that
a large portion of the information has been given
The SPEAKER. The amendment can only
be made by unanimous consent, the resolution
having passed the stage for amendments.
There being no objection, the amendment was
ordered.
The resolution was then passed.
Mr. FOWLER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed, and to
. lay the motion to reconsider upon the table, which
latter motion was agreed to.
J. P. CONVERSE.
Mr. OLDS, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, reported a joint resolution
for the relief of J. P. Converse; which was read a
fitst and second time by its title, referred to a
Committee of the Whole-House, made the order
of the day for to-morrow, and ordered to be
printed.
