1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
777
Mr. DUNHAM. I have exhibited this docu-
ment before this House repeatedly, a  certified by
the Land Office. It happens to be in my room
now. Members of this House will recollect, that
a few days ago, when this matter was under dis-
cussion, X held it up, and exhibited it to the House
as certified by the Department.
Mr. FOWLER. I wish to make an inquiry.
It is very difficult indeed for me, almost impossi-
ble, to understand these amendments. I would
suggest, whether the gentleman from Tennessee
[Mr. Jones] would not give way to a motion, if a
motion be proper, that the report be printed, with
all the amendments, so that we may understand
them ?
Mr. JONES. This whole thing is confined in
a nut-shell. The whole proposition of the com-
mittee of conference now is, that the registers and
receivers shall receive the same fees that they are
entitled to under the law when the money is paid
for the lands, estimating the warrants at §1 25 per
acre. Tlie fees upon warrants that shall be lo-
cated after the passage of this law, to be paid by
i he locator, and the fees which have accrued upon
warrants heretofore located, to be paid out of the
Treasury of the United States. The proposition
pays the fees prospectively and retrospectively;
those prospectively, to be paid by the locators, :
and those paid retrospectively, to be paid out of j
the Treasury of the United States. From the best j
estimate 1 can make, it will take somewhere about
$200,000 to pay these retrospective fees. The
House has the question before them, and it is for
them to decide it. I have thought it was necessa-
ry for me to make this explanation, as my name
appears upon that report as one of the committee !
of conference upon the part of the House; but I ji
shall vote against that part of the report which |
goes back and pays these fees. [!
Mr. FITCH. I do not propose to debate this !j
question at length, because the chairman of the ;i
Committee of Ways and Means is anxious that l|
the previous question should be asked. I wish to j;
touch upon a few points embraced in the report j|
of the committee of conference, which were not jj
alluded to, or but briefly, by the gentleman from ,|
Tennessee, [Mr. Jokes.]
Here there was great noise and confusion in the i|
Hall. . . i!
Mr. CLINGMAN. 1 wish to make an inquiry
of the Chair upon a point of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Campbell] rose first and addressed the
Chair.
Mr. ABERCKOMBIE. I desire to move an
adjournment, if it is in order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ala- i
bama cannot obtain the floor for that purpose, ij
while the gentleman from Indiana is upon it. |j
Mr. ABERCROMBIE. I hope the gentleman
from Indiana will yield the floor for that motion, j
Wecannot do any business, there is so much confu- [
sion, and we had, therefore, much better adjourn. ;
Mr. FITCH. I cannot yield the floor for that .
motion; but the gentleman from Illinois, 1 under- j
stand, desires to ask a question in relation to the j
action of the committee of conference, and I am i
of course perfectly willing to yield the floor to him j
for that purpose. j
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois. I desire to be
informed in regard to one point made by the gen~ !
tleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones.] I under- ;
stood that gentleman to state that the bill, as now ,
reported, will only permit the location of a warrant
to be made in the same section, according to the i
legal subdivision. .
Mr. JONES. The amendment says, accord-
m°- to the legal sub-division of the public lands. j
Mr CAMPBELL. I understood, from the
explanation of the gentleman from Tennessee, .
that a party having a warrant of one hundred and
sixty acres, could not, under this bill, locate eighty ,
acres in one section, and eighty acres m the ad- <
mining section, both lying together. IN ow, if that
'is the effect of the bill, I am opposed to it
Mr FITCH. The gentleman s knowledge ot
the manner in which the public lands are divided j
and sub-divided, should have taught him at once
that the amendment adopted by the committee ot
conference does not warrant such a supposition as
that. It merely compels the locator to take his
eighty acres in a compact body. He cannot se-
lect two lots of forty acres that corner with each
other, or that are not contiguous to each other.
Mr. DUNHAM. "Will the gentleman allow
me to make a brief explanation in relation to an |
error, into which I fell in my remarks this morn- |
ing, in reference to the number of Mexican bounty I
land warrants that have been located by assignees. |
Mr. FITCH. I cannot; I have been interrupt- ■
ed quite enough already; and, moreover, as I saw j
the gentleman's error—doubtless an unintentional i
one—I can correct it as well as himself. * j
[Here some conversation of a personal nature '
took place between Messrs, Dunham and Fitch; j
but owing to the confusion prevailing in the Hall, |
the reporters were unable to hear a word of it.] j
Mr. FITCH, (resuming.) It will be borne in j
mind by the House, that when the Senate bill was ;
before us, we amended the first section. But first, !
in order to make that amendment intelligible to
new members, it is necessary to go back to the
proceedings of the last Congress. It is wellknown .
that during the last Congress, when the bounty i
land law of 1850 was under discussion here, an i
attempt was made by a gentleman, then a Repre- j
tentative from Ohio, [Mr. Vi.yto\',] to so change J
the law,as that the warrants issued underitshould 1
be located only o'n land then in the market, and
not upon land hereafter to come into the market.
The House voted down that amendment by an
overwhelming majority; but subsequently, at the
very heel of the session, a few minutes before the
adjournment, the same gentleman inserted in the
Civil and Diplomatic appropriation bill, or in some
other of the appropriation bills, an amendment to
that effect. He did it at a time when we could not
vote on the amendment without risking the loss of
the appropriation bill, and, consequently, he suc-
ceeded in forcing on this House a provision which
the House had previously condemned by an over-
whelming majority. The amendment of the House ,
to the Senate bill now under discussion, repeals 1
that provision of the law of 1850, and provides !
that the warrants may be located on any land in ;
the market; provided, that if the lands are subject j
to entry at more than the mimnum price, the loca- |!
tor shall pay the difference between $1 25 per acre j
(the presumed value of the warrant) and the caSA j
value of the land. For instance, if the lands are |i
sold at $2 50 per acre, the locator shall pay $1 25 I i
per acre, in cash. The Senate committee were ,
apparently determined that this amendment of the u
Llouse should not be in the bill; but they finally '
receded from their disagreement to it, on condi- .,
tion that the House committee should recede from jj
the House amendment, striking out the other sec-
tions of the bill, which, from my previous course \
in the House, it may well be presumed I could ^
have no difficulty in complying with. We con- ;i
sequently recommended, as the gentleman from 1
Tennessee has said, that the Senate shall recede ,
from their disagreement to our amendment to the j
first section, and that we shall recede from our (
amendment, striking out the entire Senate bill with
the exception of the first section.
The second section of the bill originally pro-
vided for the payment of fee's to registers and re-
ceivers out of the 1 reasury of the United States,
: for any warrants hereafter located by the parties
I to whom the warrants were issued; but if located
i by an assignee, the fees were to be paid by the j
I locator. The committee have so amended this i
j section as to make ihe fees payable by the hold- j
! er of the warrant in all cases, whether he be the ;
! original holder or an assignee. The remaining ;
• sections of the bill are well understood, as they j
i were in the Senate bill. Relative to the statistics ;
1 of the gentleman from Tennessee and of my col- •
; league, 1 have little to say. They may, or they i
i may not be correct; but I presume as the gentle-
men have probably taken some pains to inform
themselves on the subject, that they at least think
them correct.
I differ with the gentleman from Tennessee
[Mr. Jones] in his estimate of the amount which
the third section will take from the Treasury.
He puts it at §200.000. I do not believe it will
be the half of that; and I have the estimate of a
o-entleman, who knows more of the matter than
does my friend from Tennessee or myself, to sus-
tain mv opinion. It is an estimate from a source
from whence any opinion relative to our public
lands will be received by the country as authority.
The error of mv colleague, [Mr. Dunham,] which,
as I have before said, was without doubt uninten-
tional, consisted in stating that of some seventy
thousand warrants issued under the Mexican war
bounty land law, some sixty-six thousand had
been located by the soldiers, the original holder#,
and that upon this number the fees were to be
paid out of the United States Treasury, by the
third section of this bill; and that only about six
thousand of the seventy-two thousand had' been
located by assignees, and the fees paid. The ex-
act reverse of this statement is the fact. Of the
seventy-two thousand, sixty-six thousand have
been located by assignees, and the fees, provided
for by the old law, paid; and only six thousand
by the soldiers, the fees for which are, by this bill,
to be paid out of the Treasury.
The gentleman from Tennessee informed the
committee that he should vote against the provis-
ion for the payment of legisters and receivers,
because he thought it too high; but with that sin-
gle exception, the committee were unanimous in
their report, and I hope it will be acceded to by
both Houses.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded the pre-
vious question.
Mr. NABERS. I hope the gentleman will not
call the previous question. I am satisfied the
House canr.ot vote intelligibly on this report. I
cannot for one.
Mr. HOUSTON. I insist upon the previous
question.
Mr. JONES. I will not withdraw it, and it
will then be under the control of the majority of
the House.
Mr. NABERS. Will not the gentleman from
Tennessee postpone this matter to some future
time? I only desire to be able to vote intelligibly.
That is all I have to say.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I would inquire of the
Chair if the morning hour has not expired? If
so, we can go into Committee of the Whole on
the State of the Union, and this matter will come
up to-morrow.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
the morning hour is not aflected at all by this
report, and, therefore, that it has not yet com-
menced.
Mr. RICHARDSON. It is very desirable that
these amendments should be printed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I have no objec-
tion whatever to the postponement of the matter
till to-morrow morning" .But I want to get rid ot
it, and 1 think the House does.
| Mr. RICHARDSON. I want to get rid of it,
i too.
| The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Tennessee witluhaw the call for the previous ques-
tion ?
! Mr. JONES. No, sir.
' Mr. RICHARDSON. I desire to know if a
motion to postpone this report until to-morrow
j morning, or the day after, would be in order
^iow? If so, I will make that motion forthepur-
1 pose of having the amendments printed.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
1 that motion would not be in order during the pend-
i ency of the demand for the previous question.
: Mr. HOUSTON. The previous question has
! not been sustained.
I The SPEAKER. But it has been demanded,
i Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I rise to a question
; of order, as to how the House will have to vote
' on this report ? I believe that the report ia an en-
tirety, and that the only vote the House can take
' is on agreeing to it, or disagreeing to it. The
I House is not brought to vote on the separate prop-
ositions contained in the report, but on the whole
report as it stands.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state, for the
mformat>on of the House, that his decision will
be, in accordance with the view taken by the gen-
ii tleman from Virginia, that the vote of the House
i will be 011 the report of the committee as it stands.
' Mr. CLINGMAN. I wish to inquire of the
'' Chair whether, if we now go into the Committee
i of the Whole on the state of the Union, this matter
\ will not come up to-morrow morning' If we do
Ii that, m the mean time the amendments will be
[ printed in the Globe, and we can all read them.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks this report
! would come up, except at a time when a privileged
question or motion was pending.
/ Mr. CLINGMAN. Then I move that the rules
1 j be suspended, and that the House resolve itself
mto the Committee of the Whole on the state of
■'the Union. . . ,
The SPEAKER That motion is not m order
