1690
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 8,
Mr. WILLIAMS. It will be perceived by the
committee that the simple object I have in view in
proposing thdt amendment is, that the treaty stip-
ulation shall be complied with, before any of this
money, under the act appropriating it, shall be
paid—to wit, that the Indians shall be removed
west of the Mississippi river. It is understood
that the Choctaw nation is asking, through her
delegation here, that this money should be paid;
hence 1 provide, whenever the persons having a
right to claim under the treaty, desire the pay-
ment, they shall make known that fact, and sig-
nify to the agent then desire to have it paid; and,
lastly, that to those who are under age, the Gov-
ernment of the United States, the guardian for the
Indians, shall not pay the money until they arrive
at the age of twenty-one years. But the interest
that accrues upon it is properly and justly due to
the minor Indians.
By adopting this amendment, sir, the appropri-
ation of $43,1)00, in the Indian appropriation bill,
with a slight modification, will be proper to pass.
But if that amendment is rejected, and the $872,000
under the treaty is ordered peremptorily to be
paid, of course the §43,000 m that Indian bill,
with interest until June 30,1853, should be strick-
en nut.
Mr. HOUSTON. Of course that will be strick-
en out.
Mr. WILLIAMS. As many of tie Choctaw
Indians as have removed west of the Mississippi
river can, by making it known, receive their
money, under the provisions of this bill; but is it
proper that this $872,000 shall be appropriated
m this side-bar niannei, without examination,
without investigation, and without a compliance
upon the part of the Indians, with the treaty stip-
ulations ? Why this Ifot haste to pay a debt that
we owe? Have the terms of the treaty been com-
plied with? Not at all. If they have been com-
plied with, then I insist that this Government be-
ing the guardian of the minor Indians, would be
violating their duty in paying this money into the
hands of irresponsible persons, thus to be wasted.
Mr. HOUSTON. The chairman of the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs is not here, but he feels a
great interest tn having this amendment agreed to
substantially, as it is now, after being amended by
the adoption of the amendment recommended by
the Committee on Ways and Means. I do not
myself think the question is free from embarrass-
ment, but there are difficulties in taking either
course.
In the first place, this amountof money proceeds
from one half of the land scrip which was due to
the Choctaw Indians upon their removal west.
With a view to secure their removal, the Govern-
ment agreed to give them a ceitam amount of land.
The land they did not get, and the Government
then agreed to give them s,crip at the rate of fl 25
per acre. That the Government did. One half
of the scrip was deliverable to them at their old
home, and the other half when they should have
removed to their new homes west of the Missis-
sippi. The half of the scrip, which they have al-
ready received, has been expended, and is gone.
Most of the Indians have removed, in pursuance
of the terms of the treaty, west of the Mississippi
river. There still remain, .is remarked by the
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Williams,] some
ten or eleven hundred, in the State of Missis-
sippi.
The proposition now is to pay to these Indians
the money for this scrip, and let them use it as
they please. The gentleman is mistaken in the
view he piesents, that this provision requires that
the nation, in its national authority, shall give its
assent to the payment of the money, before ttshall
be paid.
I think this money should be paid, and the in-
terest be stopped. I do not, however, speak of
this matter meiely in a pecuniary point of view.
Whatever is fair, and proper, and right, I wish to
do. 1 he greatest number of acres ever given to
any one Indian, was a half section, three hundred
and twenty acres, which, when land scrip was
substituted therefor, amounted to but £400. Oth-
eis received vanous amounts, from $400 down to
$200, and some, I believe, less. These amounts
were due to the heads of families. In very many
cases, probably hundreds, the heads of families
have died, leaving heirs, some of age and some
not of age, and now the amount of interest goin"-
to them under the treaty, in very many cases, is
from a dollar and a quarter to two dollars per head
to those who are entitled. That amount is not
worth coming here for, it is not worth sending for,
and it is not worth going to an agent to collect.
Mr. HUNTER., (interrupting.) I wish to ask
the gentleman if it is not expressly provided by
the terms of the treaty, that the money shall not
be paid until all the Indians are removed?
Mr. HOUSTON. The terms of the treaty are
that it shall be paid after the Indians shall have
removed west. There are some who have not
gone west. That is the difficulty in the way.
But the Government of the United States, if it
finds that it will be for the benefit of the Indians
to do so, may release that provision of the treaty.
The operation of the provisions of this treaty
seems to be becoming vexatious, because it re-
quires the agent to pay to so many, and in such
small sums, and to the heirs of particular Indians,
oftentimes requiring proof.
Mr. WILLIAMS, (interrupting.) What is
the amount as proposed to be distributed by the
Senate amendment?
Mr. HOUSTON. Eight hundred and seventy-
two thousand dollars.
Mr. WILLIAMS. That is not a very small
sum.
Mr. HOUSTON. The very largest amount
that goes to any one Indinn, under that provision
of the treaty relating to this scrip, is $400, and if
an Indian dies who is entitled to that amount,
leaving half a dozen children, the interest on that
$400, which, at five per cent., is twenty dollars, is
to be distributed among all those children.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I wish to state, simply,
that the Commissioner of Indian Affairs has asked
for §75,000 to remove these Indians. What in-
ducement will they have to go west if this amend-
ment is not adopted ? None whatever. 1 ask for
tellers upon the adoption of the amendment.
Mr. HOWARD. That amendment will defeat
the whole subject of the Senate amendment.
A division was taken on the demand for tellers,
and they were not ordered.
The question was then taken on the adoption of
the amendment offered by Mr. Williams, and
there were, on a division—ayes 27, noes 79; no
quorum voting.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I demand fellers.
The CHAIRMAN. By unanimous consent of
the committee the vote may be taken by tellers.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Chandler
and Harris of Tennessee, were appointed.
The question was again put on the amendment,
and it was not adopted, the tellers having reported
—ciyes 44, noes 82.
The question then recurred on the amendment
of the Senate, as amended; which was adopted.
The fourteenth amendment of the Senate was
read, viz:
" Strike out the following:
" For compensation to three special agents and four in-
terpreter for the Indian tubes of Texas, and tor the pur-
chase of presents, and to negotiate with said Indians, under
in«ti uetiont? from the Commissioner of Indian AfT.iirs, for
their it moval from that State to some designated unoccu-
pied territory of the United States, §25,000."
" And insert m lieu thereof the following, viz:
" For the pin chase of presents, and to negotiate, under in-
ductions from the Seciet.irv of the Inteiior, with the In-
dians in Texas, who have intruded themselves '"nto that
State from the temtoriex of the United States, for their re-
moval from that State, .§25,000."
Mr. HOUSTON. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Ways and Means to move an amend-
ment to the amendment of the Senate. I ask the
attention of the House to it. J move to strike
out of the amendment, from the word " who," m
the third line, to the word States, "in the fourth
line inclusive, so that the Senate's amendment, if
amended, will read:
Foi the purchase of pie?ent«, and to negotiate, under in-
structions from the Secretary of the Interior, with the In-
dians m Texas, for their removal from that State, $25,000.
The object of the Committee on Ways and
Means in moving to strike out these words must
be apparent. This amount of money was intended
by the House to embrace also another object,
which the Senate has thought proper to strike out
of the bill. That body considered this sum ne-
cessary for the purpose of removing the Indians
from the State of Texas, if they can be induced
to remove at all, to some place where the Govern-
ment of the United States can have proper control
over them. The relations between this Govern--*
ment, the State of Texas, and the Indian tribes
within that State, are very complicated and un-
satisfactory and those relations, 1 fear, can never
be improved until this Government removes those
tribes, and puts them in its own territory, and in
that way avoid conflicting claims of jurisdiction
between that State and the Federal Government.
Questions of jurisdiction, as well as other per-
plexing questions, pi esent themselves in our man-
agement of those tribes, and always will, unless
we withdraw them from the jurisdiction of that
State. This appropriation intended to accom-
plish that object, and the Committee oh Ways and
Means thought it best to strike out those woids,
which restricted the appropriation to the particular
tribes specified in the Senate's amendment, so that
it might apply to all the tribes in. that State, that
we might free ourselves from the perplexity and
trouble so often growing out of our Indian rela-
tions in that State, and at the same time stop, at
least to some extent, an unnecessary expense, and
save our frontier citizens from frequent outrages
and depredations upon their persons as well as
their property.
Mr. FITCH. I do not know that there is any
real objection to the amendment of the Senate, as
modified by the Committee on Ways arid Means,
unless there be an actual deficiency for the pay-
ment of certain officers in Texas, as provided in
the original House bill.
Mr. HOUSTON. The House originally appro-
priated, in the bill which they sent to the Senate,
$15,000, for the purpose of paying special agents in
Texas. Ten thousand dollars were added on the
motion, I believe, of the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Brooks,] or of the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Fitch,] intended to enable the proper
Department to negotiate with those tribes of In-
dians for their removal from that State, and in that
way the appropriation was increased to $25,000.
After the bill had passed this House, it was ascer-
tained that the Indian Department had committed
an error in estimating §15,000 for special agentsin
Texas, that sum having been appropriated in the
civil and diplomatic bill, and not in the regular
Indian bill. It is true, however, that the appro-
priation was made for special agents in Texas, for
the year ending30th June, 1852,and it is also true
that there is no deficiency wanted for that object,
and that the item was properly stricken from the
bill. I presume the reason why the error was
committed by the Indian Office, is because the ap-
propriation was made by the last Congress in the
j wrong bill.
Mr. FITCH. That explanation is entirely sat-
isfactory.
! The question was put on the amendment of Mr.
| Houston, and it was agreed to.
j The question then recurred on the adoption of
| the amendment of the Senate as amended; \\ hich
was agreed to.
: The fifteenth amendment of the Senate was
. agreed to, viz:
| "Insert in pa?e 9, after the clause appropriating $17,000
i for continuing the collection of stati?tics and other inform-
j ation, authorized by the actof 3d March, 1847, the following
j piovUo:
i " Provided, That the woik shall be completed in five vol-
| umes, and at least one volume shall be published m each
, year uutil the whole series of five volumes shall be finished."
; The sixteenth amendment of the Senate was
i agreed to, viz:
1 "In pace, 10, line 225, strike out the word ' Indian*,> and
! insert 'Indiana" m Jhju thereof."
The seventeenth amendment of the Senate was
| read, as follows:
j " Page 12, after line 275, insert:
: " For the reappiopnation of ,<£i0,000 for the ledemption
- of outstanding loan-office and tinal-settlement certificates,
: tins being a poition of the sum of §37,589 59 heretofore ap-
: propriated for that purpose, and carried to the surplus fund
i on the3Ktday of December, 1813: Provided, That liere-
! after all claims on account of such loan-office and final set-
| tiement cemficates, unless presented at the Treasury of the
; I 'lined State? within two years from the passage of this act,
; ^iiall be considered as barred, and not thereafter payable."
Mr. HOUSTON. The Committee on Ways
and Means recommcnd the adoption of on amend-
ment to that amendment, to strike out all after the
word (( the" in the first line. The $10,000 appro-
priation there made is for the purpose of redeem-
ing these outstanding loan-office and final-settle-
ment certificates. The Committee on Ways and
Means called on the proper Department, and as-
certained the amount that was presented for pay-
