n's
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 17,
during the pendency of the demand for the pre-
vious question.
Mr. .TONES, of Tennessee. Then I ask the
House, by unanimous consent, to let this report
go over till to-morrow morning.
Several Members objected.
Mr. ORR. I desire to propound an inquiry to
the Chair. If the House refuses to concur m the
report of the committee of conference will it then
be in order to move to raise another committee of
conference?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that, in
extraordinary cases, such a committee has been
raised.
Several Members. " Always !" "Always!"
The SPEAKER. The Chair is not very cer-
tain in his recollection of the practice of the
House.
Mr. ORR. I would suggest that all we have to
do is to move that the House non-concur with the
report of the committee, and let another commit-
tee of conference be appointed.
The SPEAKER. No other proposition can be
entertained during the pendency of the previous
question.
The House was then divided upon seconding
the call for the previous question, and there were—
ayes 62, noes 60.
Tellers were demanded.
Mr, ORR. If the Chair will allow me to make
a statement in regard to this matter, perhaps it
will save the necessity of ordering tellers upon the
question. 1 will suggest that it is of no avail to
discuss this report. The House cannot possibly
amend it in any way. We must pass it as it is,
or we mustreject it. Now I hope the House will
reject that report at once, and allow another com-
mittee to be appointed.
The House was divided upon the question of
ordering tellers; and, only twenty-two gentlemen
rising, they were not ordered.
Tiie prewous question was then seconded, arid
the main question ordered to be put.
Mr. CABELL, of Florida. Is it in order to
move to go into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union ?
The SPEAKER. It is not. The main ques-
tion has been ordered, and that must take pre-
cedence of all other motions as a privileged ques-
tion. • *
Mr. CLINGMAN. I beg to remind the Chair
upon this point, that it was decided differently in
the last Congress. The Chair will recollect, that
during the first session of the last Congress, the
gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Doty] brought
in a bill for the admission of California, discon-
nected from every other subject. The previous
question was sustained upon it, and then a motion
was made to go into the Committee of the Whole
onthestateofthe Union. It was decided thatacall
of the House was not in order, because the pre*
vious question had been sustained; but it was also
decided that the motion to go into the Committee
of the Whole was in order; and the same ques-
tion has been decided in the same way a dozen
times.
The SPEAKER. The Chairwould hesitate to
differ with his predecessor. In this case, how-
ever, his opinion is very clear. He believes that
the House, having oidered the main question to
be now put, must proceed to execute its own
order, and that no other motion can intervene
until that is disposed of.
Mr. FITCH. If the motion were now made
to reconsider the vote by which the mam question
was ordered, would not the report then he over
till to-morrow? I desire that it shall lie over, in
order that it may be printed.
The SPEAKER. It can only lie over by unan-
imous consent.
Mr. FITCH. Well, I submit the motion to
reconsider the vote by which the main question
was ordered to be put, and I hope there will be no
objection to the report then going over till to-mor-
row.
Several Members. Oh,let's vote upon it now!
Mr STANLY. I desire to inquire of the Chair,
what will be the effectof the motion to reconsider5 1
1 he SPEAKER. If the House choose to re- !
consider the vote by which the main question was
ordered to be put, and then reconsider the vote bv
which the previous question was seconded, it will
then be competent to move to postpone the further
consideration of the subject.
Mr. HOUSTON. The same thing precisely
can be done upon the motion to reconsider.
Mr. ORR. I move to lay the motion to recon-
sider upon the table.
The question was put, and the House refused
to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table—
ayes 43; noes not counted.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I beg leave respectfully
to inquire of the Chair, whether—if we reconsider
the vote ordering the main question to be put,
and we then refuse to order the main question—
whether under our rules, it does not go over?
The SPEAKER. It will in that case go over
until to-morrow.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Then, I hope there will
be 110 objection to its reconsideration.
The question was then taken, and the motion to
reconsider was agreed to.
The question then recurred on ordering the main
question-to be put; and, being taken, it was de-
cided in the negative.
So the main question was not ordered to be put.
Mr. HOUSTON. I suppose the subject now
goes over, as a matter of course?
The SPEAKER. It does.
If the report of the committee of conference be
agreed to, the bill will read as follows, viz:
Be it enacted, fyc., That all warrants for military bounty
land, which have been or may hereafter be issued under any
law of the United States, and all valid locations of the same,
which have been, or may hereafter be made, are hereby
declared to be assignable, by deed orinstrumentofwriting,
made and executed alter the taking effectof this actaccord-
ing to such form, and pursuant to such regulations as may
he prescribed -by the Commissions of the General Land
Office, so as to vest the assignee with all the rights of the
original owners of the warrant or location : Provided, That
any person entitled to preemption right toany land, shall be
entitled to u*e any such laud warrant in payment of the
j same, at the rate of $1 25 per act, for the quantity of land
i therein specified: Pioiided, That the warrants which have
j been or may hereafter be issued, in pursuance of said Jaw«,
j or of this act, may be located, according to the legal subdi-
| visions of the public lands m one body, upon any lands of
! the United States, subject to private entry at the time ofsnch
; location, at the minimum price: Provided. further, That
j when said warrants shall be located on lands which are sub-
; ject to entry at a gieater minimum than §3 2o per acre, the
, locator of said warrants shall pay to the United States in
i cafh the difference between the value of such warrants at
' $1 25 pei acre, and the tract of land located on.
j Sec. 2. Jind beit further cnactcd, That the register* and
i receivers of the land offices, shall hereafter be seveially
1 authorized to charge and receive for their services in loca-
ting all military bounty land warrants, issued since the nth
day of February, 1847, the same compensation or per cent-
I age to which they are entitled bylaw for sales of the public
I land** for cash, at the rate of §1 25 per acre, the said oom-
1 pcns-ation to be hereafter paid by the assignees or holders of
i such warrants.
' Sec. 3. Jlndbeitfurther enacted. That registers and re-
! cei vers, whether in or out of office at the passage of this act,
i or their leg'al representatives in case of death, shall be cn-
I titled to receive from the Treasury of the United States, for
! services heretofore performed in locating military bounty
j land warrants, the same late of compensation provided in
! the preceding section for services hereafter to bp performed,
; alter deducting the amount already received by such officers
j under the act entitled " An actto require theholders of mil-
itary land warrants to compensate the land officer? of the
United States for services in relation to the location of those
, wai rants," appioved May 17th, 1848: Provided, That no
i register or receiver .'■hall, reccive any compensation out of
( the Tieacurv for past services, who has charged and re-
; ceived illegal fees for the location of such warrants : Jind
mox vied further, That no register or receiver shall receive
: Voi his services during any year, a creator compensation
; than the maximum now allowed bv law.
Sue. 4. Jind be it farther enacted, That in all cases
where the militia or volunteers or State troops of anv State
1 orTeuitory were called into military <-er\ice,and whoee
; services have been paid by the United State- subsequent to
1 the eighteenth of June, eighteen hundred and twelve, the
, oflicei-3 and ^oldiet-, of such mihtm, volunteers, or troops,
shall be entit'edtoall the benefits oft he act entitled " An act
granting bounty land to certain officers and soldiers w ho
i hdve been engaged m the military service of the United
' States, approved September twentv-eiahth, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty, and shall receive lands for theii services ae-
cordmc to the piovi^onsof said act, upon proof of length
of 5-civiec as therein required ; and that the last proviso of
■ the ninth section of the act of eleventh of February,
' eighteen hundred and forty-seven, be and the same is here-
by repealed; Pioviried, That nothing heiein contained shall
authorize bountv land to those who havehereforc received
or become entitled to the same.
Sec. 5 Jind be %t further enacted, That where any com-
pany, battalion, or regiment, in an organized form, marched
more than twenlv miles to the place where they were mus-
tered into the ten ice of the United States, or were dis-
charged more than twenty miles from the place where such
company, battalion, or regiment was organized : in all such
cat-es, in computing the length of seiviceof the officer* and
soldiers of any such company, battalion, or regiment, with
a view to determine the quantity of land, any officer or sol-
dier is entitled to under said act, approved 98th of Septem-
ber, 3850. there shall be allowed one day for every twenty
miles from the place where the company, battalion, or regi-
ment was organized, to the place where the same was mus-
tered into the service of the United States; and also one
day for every twenty miles from the place where such com-
pany, battalion, or regiment was discharged, to the place
where it was organized, and from whence it marched, to
enter the service.
PROPOSITION TO CLOSE DEBATE.
| Mr. HOUSTON. I now move the resolution
j closing debate upon the deficiency bill, in the Com*
' mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The resolution was then reported, as follows:
Resolved, That all debate in the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union on the deficiency bill shall cease
at lour o'clock this day; and if the committee shall not
come to a conclusion sooner upon the same, it shall then
proceed to vote upon such amendments as. shall be pending
or offered to the same, and shall then report it to the House
with such amendments as may have been agreed upon by
the committee.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have named four o'clock
to-day as the time to close the debate upon this
bill. I am willing, however, that the House shall
: fix its own time.
1 [Cries of " Call the previous question."
Mr. HOUSTON. Very veil. I will ask the
previous question.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. The gentleman
asks the previous question upon this resolution.
Now, I say that the resolution is all wrong.
[Cries of " Order!" " Order!"]
Th$ SPEAKER. It is not in order for the gen-
tleman from Arkansas to discuss the resolution.
Mr. JOHNSON. But there is an amendment
to that resolution which has not been read at all.
Mr. HOUSTON. Oh, no; there its no amend-
ment.
ThelSPEAKER. The gentleman from Arkan-
sas will recollect that this is a new proposition—
not the one offered yesterday.
Mr. JOHNSON. Well, I desire to know if
there is not an amendment to this resolution which
! has not been reported by the Clerk at all?
! The SPEAKER. The Chair begs leave to state
i to the gentleman that, on yesterday, a resolution
j was offered by the gentleman from Alabama,
i [Mr. Houston,] proposing to close debate on the
deficiency bill. An amendment was offered to
that resolution. The gentleman from Alabama,
however, to-day withdrew that resolution, and
now offers a new proposition, upon which the
j previous question has been called.
! Mr. JOHNSON. I hope the gentleman from
! Alabama will, under the circumstances, allow me
; to offer an amendment. If he will permit me, I
I will state my reasons for making the request, and
| I am sure there can be no objection.
; Mr. HOUSTON. I do not care about the gen-
| tleman's reasons. I hope he will not take up the
j time of the House. I am perfectly willing he
| should offer his amendment, and let the House
j vote to fix such a time as they choose. I will
• withdraw the call for the previous question, and 1
' hope the gentleman from Arkansas will renew it
, after he shall have offered his amendment.
: Mr. JOHNSON. I will now offer my amend-
ment.
I The SPEAKER. Does the Chair understand
the gentleman from Alabama as withdrawing the
1 call for the previous question?
Mr. HOUSTON. I withdraw it for the mo-
| ment, in order to allow the gentleman from Ar-
i kansas to offer his amendment. I understand his
! amendment is, to provide for closing debate at four
j o'clock to-morrow. I am willing the House should
j vote upon that amendment, and upon it I call the
1 previous question.
j Mr. JOHNSON. I desire to know by what
1 authority the gentleman from Alabama puts an
, amendment in my mouth. I offered no such
amendment.
Mr. HOUSTON. I understood the gentleman
as indicating that amendment. I will withdraw
the call for the previous question, and the gentle-
, man can offer such an amendment as he pleases.
Mr. JOHNSON. I submit this amendment. I
move that this debate shall be closed at four
o'clock the day after to-morrow. My reasons for
offering the amendment are these: the deficiency
bill makes provision for the Indian service of the
country. Now, there are several items in this
bill.
Mr. HOUSTON. I hope the gentleman is not
going to debate the bill.
Mr. JOHNSON. I will not debate it. I pledge
myself to that. I am only stating facts. I can
debate it, however, if I want to, while I have the
floor.
Mr. HOUSTON. I must call the gentleman
