1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1691
ment. They now propose, in lieu of what is
moved to be stricken out, theactualamountthatis
before the Treasury Department for payment.
The Clerk read the amendment, as follows:
Strike out all after Ihe wojc] "Hip," jn the fiist line of
the Senate's amendment, and m lieu thereof, to insert the
following:
Redemption of outstanding loan-office and final-settle-
ment certificate, dated September 9th, 1779, countersigned
by Nathaniel Applcton, commissioner of Massachusetts
Hay, j>s>ued Jor ^.200, specie value .$10 78-19, $57 72."
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I think
there must be some great mistake about this bus-
iness. For the last several years the committee1!
in this House have repoited bills retransftrnng ;j
and reappropnatmg the sum of $24,5U0 for the
objects specified in this clause of the bill. Now,
sir, there are certainly $20,000 or $30,000 out- j;
standing, and if the Department have reported no '
more than the amount mentioned, it is because i
they did not know where to look for it. I have r
had sent to me, within a week, an unpaid certifi- :
cate for <£4,000 currency, which is outstanding. I j!
have it at home. I did not bring it down. Now, -s
sir, there are more than $24,000 of loan-office cer- ; '
tificates still unpaid, in my judgment the most
meritorious class of claims. The only reason they
have not been paid is because this fund has not i
been sufficient. The committee knows perfectly ;
well what these loan-office certificates were given !■
for. In the time of the Revolution, when the Gov-
ernment was without money, individuals were
called upon to furnish provisions, material for
cannon and the various munitions of war, and cer-
tificates were given for the payment of them.
Many of thosecertificateshave been settled. Many
of them have been paid, but there are still out-
standing between ^20,000 and §30,000.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, I wish to ask the
gentleman whether the certificate, to which he re-
fers, is of this particular description?
Mr. STEVENS. It is of this particular de-
scription, and given to Curtis Grubb & Co., for
furnishing cannon during the time of the Revolu-
tionary war. I have a copy of it settled on the
books. The only difficulty was, there was no ap-
propriation to pay it.
Ml*. HOUSTON. The gentleman is under a
very great mistake. I have here the letter from ;
the accounting officer on that subject. There is
but this one certificate, and the Committee on !
"Ways and Means concluded, I believe unani-,
mously with the Department, that these claims ,
ought to be paid. No member of the committee '
hesitated about that; but we objected to the ap- <
propnation, or reappropriation, of $10,000, to let j
it run on for twenty years, as it has been doing j
before. There has been no certificate turned off [
for the want of appropriation—not a solitary j
one—and this is the only one left.
Mr. STEVENS. Let me explain. The rea-
son why the certificate I have referred to has not
been paid before that appropriation ran out, was,
that it was lost, and could not be accounted for.
It has been lately found, and sent on to me.
Mr. HOUSTON. In 1843 there were §37,589 59
standing to the credit of these outstanding loan-of-
fice certificates. Year upon year it was standing
there, and m 1843, no certificates being presented,
it was carried to the surplus fund. Now, instead
of appropriating the gross amount, the committee
believed it was the best way to appropriate for
each claim as it came up. This was the only
claim presented to the Department. The letter
from the Department furnishes the calculation,
and recommends the appropriation of $57 72 cents.
There are a large number of claims outstanding,
as shown by the books of the Department. The
gentleman is right there; but there are many of
them, probably"four fifths, that will never be pre-
sented.
The question was put on the amendment sub-
mitted by Mr. Houston, and it was agreed to.
The question then recurring on the amendment
of the Senate as amended, it was adopted.
The eighteenth amendment, to insert at the end
of the clause in page 13, appropriating $1,500 for
the payment of Messrs. Babcock, Wllkinson, and
Holcombe, for revising the laws of the Legislative
Assembly of Minnesota, was read, as follows:
tC Prorirteil, That hereafter no expenses incurred by a
Territorial Lrgi--latuie shall be paid out of the Treasury^of
the United States, unless previously sanctioned by law
Mr. HOUSTON. This amendment is attached
by the Senate to a provision in the House bill
making appropriations for codifying the laws of
Minnesota, and for several other things not pre-
viously authorized by law. The restriction of
the Senate, I think, is right. «
Mr. MEADE. This strikes me as a very ex-
traordinary amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. Unless the gentleman sub- i
mits an amendment, his remarks are not in order.
Mr. MEADE. My purpose in rising is to ask
of the chairman of the Committee on \Vays and
Means what necessity there is for provision by
law that no money shall be taken out of the Treas-
ury contrary to law? Before he answers that
question, i would suggest to the chairman of the
Committee on Ways and Means that his position
is unfavorable to be heaid by the House. I have
; been endeavoring to listen to his explanations,
| but he carries on a colloquy with those around
i him, and 1 cannot hear: i would wish the gen-
; tleman to get some other seat; for he is familiar
with all these things, and I should like to hear the
' explanations of the chairman of the Committee on
j Ways and Means, as to the necessity of providing
' by law that that shall not be done which is con-
1 trary to law.
' Mr. HOUSTON. The necessity of this amend*
, meut proceeds from the fact that th^Temtorial
I Legislatures have been in the habit of incurring
j expenses aud liabilities without authority of law;
j and I illustrated it by referring to the case in this
! bill. We appropriated, as the committee will re-
i member, $1,500 to pay three attorneys in Min-
; nesota for codifying the laws of that Territory.
We appropriated other moneys to meet liabilities
! which the Territory of Minnesota have incurred
; before the money was asked for, or any law passed
] authorizing or justifying it. Now it is intended
i to put a stop to all that sort of expenditure, and
j that way of incurring liability, which will appeal
! to this Government and Congress in a way that
! Congress has never been known to resist—for they
: come here and say that they have already ex-
: pended $1,500, and already incurred the liability.
They have employed two attorneys to codify the
j laws, and have incurred a liability in various other
i things; and we are not able to resist an appeal
; from the Territorial Delegate for the appropriation
jj of funds under such circumstances. This provis-
j; ion is intended to say to the Territories, that un-
ji less Congress passes a law authorizing particular
,! expenditures to be made, they shall not incur that
,! liability. i
Mr. MEADE, f will ask the chairman of the ;
Committee on Ways and Means whether there ^
has been any money paid out of the Treasury j
contrary to law, or not previously sanctioned by j
law, for these expenditures?
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman misappre-!
hends the amendment. The amendment says,
" that no expense incurred by the Territorial Le-
< gislature shall be paid out of the Treasury of the
4 United States unless previously sanctioned by
'law." This is not intended to apply to the pay-
ment of money out of the Treasury, but to the in-
curring of expense on the part of the Territorial
Legislatures. The words are not very fitly used. y
Mr. MEADE. It seems to me that the amend- jj
ment does not reach the case. If no money has j;
been paid out of the Treasury in consequence of jj
theseliabihtiesincurred by Territorial Legislatures, j
then here is a corrective to an evil which does not !j
!! exist. The evil I understand to be, that a Terii- j
j! torial Legislature goes on and incurs liabilities with- j,
j i out having previously an appropriation made to ;j
i! meet them. If this is the evil to be remedied, that ,
1! amendment should be changed in phraseology, so :
j' as to inhibit the Legislatures of Territnnes incur- j
ring such expenses. ij
I. Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, If the gentleman j
'■ will permit me, 1 will read what is now the law ^
;s a proviso to the act of ]&42—and to which it ap
|' pears the Territorial Legislatures pay no regard
j reads as follows:
r "ProvxSed farther, That the Legislative Assembly of no
Territoiy shall hereafter, in any instance or under any pie-
tense whatever, exceed the amount appreciated by Con-
gress for itrf annual expenses."
Their disregard of this has made it necessary,
in the opinion of the Senate, to reenact something
It
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia is in order, if the Chair understood him cor-
rectly—if he made a motion to strike out this
amendment.
Mr. MEADE. That is my motion. It seems
to me that, by the general courtesy of the House,
when we are trying to get the whole House into
correct legislation upon any subject, a little con-
sumption of time ought not to l3e objected to by
members who are desirous of passing proper laws.
It is proposed, then, to reenactthe law of 1842,
which has been read by my worthy friend over
the way, [Mr. Jones, of Tennessee.] And what
is the necessity of it? It appears to me to be tri-
fling with the wisdom of the country, that we
should ever pass a law which is commonly disre-
garded, according to the statement of the chair-
man of the Committee on Ways and Means. It
seems to me, that the only corrective is to refuse
to pay the money. This declaration, that we will
not pay will not be heeded so long as we do pay.
This amendment is only a reenactment of the law
of 1842.
Mr. SIBLEY. Ts it in order to move an amend-
ment to this amendment''
The CHAIRMAN. It is not.
Air. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 submit the ques-
tion to the Chair, whether the motion of the gen-
tleman from Virginia to strike out the whole
amendment, is itself in order?
The CHAIRMAN. If that question had been
raised, the Chair would have decided that it was
not m order.
Mr.. JONES. Then it is not too late. I make
that question now.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair must decide,
then, that the motion of the gentleman from Vir-
ginia is out of order.
Mr. JONES. 1 presume, then, that the gentle-
man from Minnesota [Mr. Sibley] can offer his
amendment?
Mr. SIBLEY. I move to strike out of the pro-
viso the words " unless previously sanctioned by
law." 1 do this for the purpose of saying a few
words upon the subject before the committee. I
am opposed to the amendment of the gentleman
from Virginia, [Mr. Meade.] It is true there is
a provision in the lav/ of 1842, prohibiting the
authorities of the several Territories from exceed-
ing the amount appropriated by Congress for the
support of the government therein. But, Mr.
Chairman, that law was passed before the organi-
zation of any of the Terntories now in existence,
and it is highly desirable that it should be brought
forward for the information of all concerned, as
the renewed expression of a determination to re-
strict the Legislative Assemblies in the Territories
within the limits prescribed in the annual appro-
priations made by Congress. In my opinion, the
Senate clause should be retained as a standing ad-
monition to the territorial authorities.
But inasmuch as that clause has been appended
to the section in the deficiency bill, making: ^pro-
vision for the payment of certain liabilities which
had been incurred by the Legislature of Minne-
sota in advance of an appropriation, and the re-
marks of gentlemen who have preceded me-would
seem to intimate that there was something very
censurable in that body for so doing, I bes: leave
to state, that each and every item provided for
was introduced and pressed through this House
and the Senate by me, with a full conviction that
it was right and proper in itself, and ought to be
paid. The Legislative Assembly did not desire
to exceed the amount appropriated, but necessity
: prompted that body to anticipate the action of
j Congress, in appointing a commission to prepare
j a code of laws, in making arrangements to meet
; the expenses of printing and binding the volume
I. for circulation among the people,and in providing
1, for the payment of certain individuals who had
performed valuable services more or less directly
;j connected therewith. This was the exigency that
!' justified the territorial authorities in the seeming
disregard of the prohibitions of the law of J842.
The Legislature would not have asked, nor would
' I have been the medium of preferring a request
■j that Congress should sanction, by its action, any
anticipation of its usual appropriations, not ren-
, of the same sort, and to put them in mind that \\ dered indispensable by the circumstances of the
■ ! there is such a law in force. 1, case. Admitting: that the clause passed by the
!! Mr. MEADE. Then 1 presume-
Senate is Hut a reiteration of an existing law, as
Mr CLUTTER. I will inquire whether the :i contended bv the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
II gentleman is in order? I. Meade,] there can no harm arise from such a
