780
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 17,
But, sir, I impugn no man's motives. I inter-
Fere with 110 man's party. Gentlemen upon the
other side of the House who know me, and some
do, knowthatlam incapable of that. But here we
are now closing the fourth month of our session;
and y et wha't have we done ? One gentleman rises
upon the other side of the House [Mr. Hillyer]
and impugns the laws of Massachusetts; as if we
had anything to do with the difficulties and troubles
of Massachusetts. The same gentleman says that
the members of the Massachusetts Legislature have
tried to repeal, and did repeal, the laws of that
Stale, by which it was forbidden to a white man to
marry a colored woman, and vice versa. What
have we to do with that ? Have not the people of
Massachusetts as good a right to make laws by
which a white mail shall be allowed the privilege
to wive with a black woman, as the people of any
other State have to make laws granting the white |
man any other privilege, without being married ? i
[Laughter.] I
But I feel that I am subjecting myself to the ;
charge of a waste of time. I feel that the busi- I
ness of the House is being delayed; but until the
finger of that clock points to four, somebody will
waste the time of the House, and I might as well
do it as anybody else.
I beg to say one word to my young friend, the
member from the Portland district of Maine, [Mr.
Appleton.] That gentleman to-day made his
coup d'essai upon this floor, in a style of rhetoric
which did himself infinite credit. It was pleasing
to my ear, and,as a literary effort, in harmony with
my feelings, as an old professor. Sir, I was de-
lighted with it. But I did start a little when that
gentleman pointed with the finger of contempt to
this side oftheHouse. I noticed the curl ofhislip
as he alluded to the small number of Whigs now
left in this National Council. I deplore it; and so
will the nation deplore it, if the majority of this
House continue to waste the time that is the prop-
erly of the nation.
But let me say to the gentleman from Maine,
[Mr. Appi.eton]—and I speak from reading, my
memory leads me back to it—that if there had
been one tenth part of the number of good men
m Sodom that there are Whigs in this House,
they would have saved that whole city from
destruction. [Laughter.] Whether we shall be
saved or not must depend upon how far the con-
tamination extends, how far the corruption of
coalition may have gone amongst us.
But there is another point: Three or four days
of this House (and if any gentleman will figure
up Us cost they will find it something like three
thousand dollars a day) have been spent in dis-
cussing the character of the coalition of the Mas-
sachusetts Legislature—the coalition of the peo-
ole of Massachusetts—whether Mr. A or Mr. B
should be Governor. Sir, I dislike coalition; but
I believe they are frequently formed in tolerably
good motives, and honest persons sacrifice some
part of their creed for the sake of defeating some
of the opposite creed. Sometimes, I believe, they
sacrifice a part of their favorite creed for the pur-
nose of carrying the good point that is left of
them. Not always, but as a general rule, I have
not found them vei y beneficial. We have had
some little experience in my own St.xte, in which I
got my finger into the vice. [Laughter.]
But, Mr. Chairman, all the coalitions and com-
promises of Massachusetts and ffew Hampshire,
and elsewhere, however good or bad they may
have been, have no business in this House. They
do not concern tiie legislation of the nation; they
have nothing to do with the people, or the legisla-
tion for the people. As to that of Massachusetts,
of course the coalition was to sacrifice a good
man. and they did it. The Whi<; candidate for
Governor was a. good man. I do not recollect
of many instances of the evil motives or im-
proper circumstances that lead to a union for polit-
ical effects; but the coalition of Pilate and Herod
may be cited as an unfavorable instance of union
of interests, otherwise hostile. But hostile as
they had been, they were agreed upon a certain
point, [laughter,] the result of which, however, is
better found elsewhere than quoted here. [Re-
newed laughter.]
Mr. Chairman, I do beseech the gentlemen of
the House, in the first place, to pardon the ap-
pearance which I, older than a large majority of
this House, may have of dictation, or of direction.
I have no desire to place myself here as the censor
morwm of this House, but I desire to preserve the
institutions of this country, in whose hands soever
they are placed for administration. I desire that
the people abroad, in this nation, who never come
up to the Capitol, and who cannot often see us, but
who have sent their representatives here, should
know that, whatever may be the character of the
individuals whom they send, that they, mingling
with the dignified and honorable class of citizens
who represent that people, still bear upon them-
selves the toga of the man, and the dignity of the
Senator, and that this House should, cease to be
the place of party action, party dictation, and
party operation, as if there was nothing for us to
consider but the Democracy of the Union, and
nothing for us to stand upon but the platform of
Baltimore. I do not speak lightly of the Demo-
! cratic party. I know their value. I know and
| approve of the men, more than of their sentiments.
I And I do not speak lightly of the machinery of
: their action. It belongs to them. But do not bring
| that machinery into this House; do not impede
] tlwprogress of business; do not starve the people
! who stand at our doors, waiting for the payment
! of their bills, while we are discussing questions
! mooted by ourselves, which candidate will be most
! available, whether it will "be the old "fogy" or
the young "fogy"—whether it will be the man
who went pocketless and penniless over the Alle-
ghanies to earn a living, or whether it will be he
wlio comes back with his pocket full, both, sir,
asking for a place. Let us have nothing to do
with them here. Either of them, if elected by a
majority of the people, will be the lawful Presi-
dent of this Union, and will be entitled to my re-
spect, and, so far as he administers the law, he
will be entitled no less to my obedience; yes, sir,
to my cheerful, willing, obedience and support.
But, sir, while we are hesitating, the time is
passing, and the honor of the nation is at stake,
and bills againstour Government—if not protested,
■ are at least liable to be protested—are not to be
i paid because we are, by talking, delaying the pas-
sage of the bills that lie before us, and are wast-
: ing our time and the patience of the people, rather
! than to proceed to the business that belongs to us.
' It is not my purpose, sir, I repeat it, to con-
|| demn the speeches to which I have alluded, or the
II sentiments which I have examined generally,
r There is a time and there is a place for all these
things; but I say that this is not the time, nor tins
the place. Party caucuses should be held by
party calls, and in party places, while the repre-
sentatives of the people, clothed not only with the
power of making laws, but with the dignity of
sustaining for the people the honor of the Re-
public, and maintaining for themselves the respect
of the people, should m the time, and in halls of
legislation, solemnize their minds to the loftiness
of their missions, andseparatethemselves from all
. motives of action less than the good of the nation
! and the honor of its Councils.
: Mr. McLANAHAN, (interrupting.) I ask
i my honorable colleague, since he lias attributed to
1 the Democratic side of the House a delay in legis-
lation, where the discussion commenced in regard
to the making of Presidents and platforms? I
wish him to state distinctly, if the whole discus-
sion was not opened upon the Wilis side of the
House, by the gentleman from Florida, [Mr. C.\-
1 beli. ?]
■ Mr. CHANDLER. I am speaking of the dis-
cussion which has taken place upon the deficiency
bill. [Laughter.] That is what I am speaking
1 upon; but since the whole matter has been up, I
will——
Mr. McLANAHAN. One word more. Ail
, that I intend to say is, that the Democratic, party
and the country are extremely thankful for the
effort which is made now, upon the Whig side ef
the House, to close this unprofitable discussion;
and it is hoped, on all sides of the House, that it
will close with the speech of my colleague, [Mr.
Chaxdler.]
1 Mr. CHANDLER. I then close my speech
| with the vote of thanks which the House, through
the honorable gentleman, my colleague, has given
me. [Laughter.]
| Mr. FREEMAN next addressed the House in
j regard to the position of the Southern-Rights and
; Democratic Union parties in Mississippi.
! [The speech of Mr. F. will be found in the Ap-
1 pendix.]
I Mr. SMITH obtained the floor, but yielded to
Mr. HART, who moved that the committee
rise; which motion was agreed to, there being
upon a division—ayes 68, noes 44.
The committee accordingly rose, and the Speaker
having resumed the Chair, the chairman of the
committee reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union had had the state
of the Union generally under consideration, and
particularly House bill No. 207, and had come to
no conclusion thereon.
Mr. STANLY. T ask leave to introduce a bill,
of which previous notice has been given, in order
that it may be referred to a committee.
Mr. KING, of New York. What is it?
Mr. ORR. Let it be read for information.
The bill was then read by its title, as follows:
" A bill to authorize the Secretary of tile Treasury w
depoat with the several Btales tile fourth installment oftn*1
deposits of public money directed to be made with saul
States, by tile act of June 23,183l3."
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I object.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to allow the chairman of the
Committee on the Judiciary to report back a peti-
tion which was referred to them. It is from the
conductors of the Kentucky penitentiary, asking
pay for taking care of, and supporting convicts,
sentenced by the United States courts to the Ken-
tucky State prison. *
Mr. BAYLY. I withdraw my objection to the
reference of the bill offered by the gentleman from
North Carolina, [Mr. Stanly.]
The SPEAKER. The bill will be read a second
time, if there is no objection.
Mr. NABERS. I object. Everybody upon
this floor has more or less bills to refer.
The SPEAKER. Does the Chair understand
that objection is made to the chairman of the Judi-
ciary Committee making a report?
Mr. NABERS. I object.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I would state to my
friend from Mississippi that this is a matter of
some interest to my State. I have been trying
for two months to get this report in. I never ob-
jected to anything m my life upon this floor.
Mr. NABERS. I am not disposed to be fac-
tious, and have never been since I came here. I
have not been able to get the floor when I was
entitled to it, and I reaffirm here now, that this ob-
jection is not out of discourtesy to the gentleman
from Kentucky, or anybody else—not at all, sir;
but other gentlemen have various bills which they
desire to have introduced.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. This is not a bill.
Perhaps the gentleman is not aware what I wanted.
Mr. NABERS. I have never got up upon the
floor but what I have heard that discordant sound—
I object.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Not from me.
Mr. NABERS. No, sir; not from the gentle-
man.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. NABERS. A single word more, I have
not yielded the floor.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. I object to
all debate.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will remind gen-
tlemen that the question is not debatable.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. The gentleman from
Mississippi did not insist upon his objection, and
the chairman is ready to report.
Mr. NABERS. I was going to say this: I in-
tended to cast no reflection upon the course any
gentleman thought proper to pursue, and simply
for the reason that I do not wish to imitate the
bad example shown, f will withdraw my objec-
tion. [Laughter.]
Mr. McLANAHAN. Mr. Speaker, I am in-
structed by the Committee on the Judiciary, to
which was referred the claim of the State of Ken-
tucky against the United States, for keeping and
supporting convicts sentenced by the United States
courts to the Kentucky State prison, to ask to be
discharged from the further consideration of the
same.
The motion was agreed to.
On motion by Mr. BRECKINRIDGE, by
unanimous consent, it was
Ofderrd, That leave be granted for tile withdrawal of the
;j above claim* from the file^of the Ilou^e, for the purpose of
reference to the proper Uepaitmeiit.
j{ Mr. STANLY. I ask if objection is withdrawn
l to the introduction of my bill, for the purpose of
[i reference.
