1692
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 8,
repetition. The Territorial Assemblies wil! have
their attention directed particularly to it as their
future rule of action j and for my own part, I am
not anxious to have the responsibility thrown
upon me of bringing forward hereafter any claims
for liquidation which may have arisen from the
action of the Legislature of my own Territory, in
exceeding the amount appropriated by Congress.
I have found that hill very difficult to climb, and
although I have happily reached the top in this
particular case, the difficulties in the path are of
too formidable a character to invite a second trial.
I repeat the expression of my desire, that the
Senate clause may be retained. I withdraw my
amendment with the consent of the committee.
Mr. MEADE. It seems to me, then, that this
amendment only proposes to intimate, in a very
kind manner, to the Territorial Legislatures, that
they have sinned heretofore, and being forgiven,
they must not sin any more. That is just about
the amount of it; and it seems to me that we are
acting very childishly to employ our time here in
such legislation as this. But it is said that it is
only an admonition. I would ask the chairman
of the Committee on Ways and Means, whether
that admonition has not been already given, and
why should it be repeated ? If we have already
said to the Territorial Legislatures, that though
we will pay you this time, yet we will not do so
any more, why keep on repeating that admoni-
tion ?
Mr. SIBLEY. If the gentleman will allow
me, I will state that no case has arisen thus far,
which has required anything like a reprimand from
Congress. These appropriations were right in
themselves, but there was no authority or power
on the part of the accounting officers to allow
them,
Mr. MEADE. Suppose a like case should
arise hereafter ?
Mr. HOUSTON. If the gentleman will allow
me, I will say again—and the gentleman from Vir-
ginia knows this as well as any other member—
that Congress has been always remarkably indul-
gent, and very liberal to the Territories. A very
loose principle has therefore grown up, and there
has been a disregard somewhat of the proviso in
the law read by the gentleman from Tennessee, !
[Mr. Jontes.] It becomes necessary, consequent-
ly, 111 the opinion of the Delegates themselves, that
the Territorial Legislatures should be directed on
the subject in some pointed manner, so as to show
to em that they must not disregard existing laws
heieafter, under no circumstances. I would like
to know what harm the recnactment of such a
provision can do?
Mr. MEADE. It seems to me that the best ad-
monition to a Territorial Legislature would be
through the Executive Department, and not by the
reenactmentofalaw Thegentleman from Alabama
says that we have been remarkably generous and
liberal towards Territorial Legislatures under par-
ticular circumstances. Suppose the same circum-
stances were to occur again, and the same neces-
sity should exist for these appropriations by this
Territory, would we not be as ready to foigive i
that Legislature as wc are now in the particular j
instance cited by the gentleman from Minnesota, |
[Mr. Siplf\ 'J Surely this thing must be done by t
the Executive of the country. It is an act of super- !
erogation. It is inserting a provision in your code |
without an object before it, and there is no way j
of executing it at all. But these things must be I
trusted to the Executive officers of the Govern- ;
merit, and not to the legislative department. j
Mr. SIBLKY. 1 withdraw my amendment. j
The question was then taken, and the amend- j
meat of the Senate was disagreed to. !
The nineteenth amendment of the Senate, next r
i'i order, was stated by the the Chair to be the !
following, viz: 1
kk intuit on page 13th, HtVr line Q89, < for contingent cx- i
pense> of the Seriate, M 37,775."!
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The Committee!
on Ways and Means, I believe, recommend a <
non-concurrence in this amendment. Before that !
question is taken, though, I move to amend the j
proposition by striking oat $137,775, and inserting '
$133*205 OS. I wlli submit the facts of this case^ j
so that each gentleman in the House, with the j
facts bcfoie him, m.iy vote as he thinks proper. J
It will be recollected by reference to the last civil j
and diplomatic appropriation bill, that $150,000 K
were appropriated for the contingent expenses of !i
the Senate. An account has been rendered show-
ing how that money has been expended. I will
read it:
Memorandum, sfibioing,under general heads, how the ap-
propriation for the contingent expenses of the Senate,
for the year ending the 38th June, 1852, have been ex-
pended.
For Printing   $25,673 12
" Bindiug usual $6,235 42
" Do extra documents 10,667 77
I  17,903 19
; " Lithographing  30,515 97
' " Stationery  11,279 00
" Congressional Globe, and other books  17,264 39
i " Gierks—to President pro tempore, commit-
1 tees—draftsman, messengers, pages, fold-
ers, police, horses and carryalls  23,230 73
Reporting and publishing proceedings and
( debates  8,502 08
" Expenses of L. Kossuth  4,566 32
" Fuel, newspapers, furniture, advertising,
j upholstering, and all other expenses  11,065 20
$150,000 00
1 The Senators, no doubt correctly, say that the
expenditure of their contingent fund is a matter
with which the House has nothingto do. I know
that they are responsible for it, but if I know how
; it is spent—the items which compose this $287,775
! of contingfticies in one year for the Senate, I hold
j myself as much responsible for that expenditure
j as those who voted it out of that fund, after they
! had received it through the appropriation bill, into
i the hands of their Secretary.
1 Now, sir, here is a bill paid to the Messrs. 1
Brown, hotel-keepers of this city, for Louis Kos- ,
i suth and his suite, of $4,566 32. For that, I never t
intend knowingly to vote, directly or indirectly.
Several Voices. " Read the items." !
Mr. JONES. The items are as follow:
To Boaid for Governor Kossuth and suite, having ten par-
lors and twenty-two chambers, thirteen and a half ,
days—twenty-three persons §3,588 00
Sundries—
Champagne, sheriy, madeua, cigars, lemonade, 1
bar-bill, washing, medicines, post office
stamps, porterage and messengers, hack-hire
paid at different times, telegiaphs, sugar.
brandy, and whiskey m room, porter and ale,
envelopes, baibar's bill—amounting mall to.. 658 82
Bill for carnages engaged foi Governor and suite.. 319 .50
$4,566 32
That is a bill for twenty-three persons during
thirteen and a half days, amounting, I believe, to
some $14 per day for each person. :
Then, sir, I have here a bill furnished by the
keepers of the National Hotel, at which Kossuth |
| and his suite stopped on their return here from the '
i South, when they were upon their own expenses.
I believe there were then six persons: they stopped |
; at the National Hotel about four days, and their
ji bill was $74, being $3 08 per day for each person, '
I; when they were paying their own expenses, and j
something over $14 per day for each person when
| this Government was paying their expenses.
These are the facts, and some of the reasons,
why this appropriation is asked for by the Secre-
tary of the Senate. It is true, as I said before, 1
that they are responsible for the manner in which i
this money has been expended, but 
! Mr. FREEMAN. Has the money been paid-
Mr. JONES. It has been paid out of the
, $150,000 appropriated m the civil and diplomatic
I appropriation bill of last year.
; Mr. FREEMAN. Then how are you to get
it back?
1 [Here the hammer fell.]
| Mr. CARTTER. 1 am opposed to the amend- '
ment. I think that the smallest work that this
committee can engage in is to be hunting up the
■ details of a bar bill. Jt is digging the smallest,
j potatoes that this committee has ever been engaged :
in. _ [Laughter.j If the principles promulged by ■
Louis Kossuth in the United States, and the
hatred generated by the promulgation of those
, principles, cannot be contested in a more manly |
manner than by crawling around bar-rooms to j
pick up wine bills, for the purpose of doing it, we >
I had better let it alone. !■
! Mr. JONES. Did the gentleman say that I had
been crawling round bar-rooms?
Mr. CAR.TTER. No, sir; I did not.
Mr. JONES. I wish to ask the gentleman one
question; would he vote to pay thelnll' ;
Mr. CARTTER. I would vote to pay that bill :
if it was four times the amount it ought to be, and |
never disgrace this body by a cavil about it. That ::
answer will be understood. We ought not to de-
scend to it.
Sir, Louis Kossuth came here as the guest of
the Senate. So far as this bill is concerned, he
was under the supervision of a committee of that
body—not dealing himself with these inn-keepers,
but through the committee that the Senate had
appointed for that purpose. This attempt to dis-
grace him, or the great and eternal principles which
lie behind his mission, by scrutinizing his bills
for brandy and ale, is striking too low, it appears
to me, for the National Legislature.
Sir, I hope that the amendment will be agreed
to, and for no other reason—if there is no other—
than that this body may vindicate its manhood
by refusing to descend to the details of a bill that
has already been foreclosed by the action of the
Senate, and that was incurred under the manage-
ment of a committee of the Senate. The bill has
been paid, and it can be revived here for no other
purpose than as an attempt to play upon the low
prejudices of the ignorant, in reference to the prin-
ciples that Kossuth—pleasantly to some, and un-
pleasantly to others—has aided in sowing broad-
cast over this continent—thank God for it!
The question was then taken upon Mr. Jones's
amendment, and it was not agreed to.
The question then recurred upon agreeing to
the amendment of the Senate.
■ Mr. HOUSTON. I have just received a bill
' from the Senate, and I have had no time to con-
: fer either with the Secretary of the Senate, or
with the chairman of the Finance Committee of
, that body in relation to it. But it may be that
| this is the proper place to offer an amendment
for its payment, and I will, therefore, submit it
to the House, and leave the House to dispose
j of it as it pleases. I move to insert after the
word " dollar," m the third line of the amend-
ment, the following, " and also forty-four thou-
sand and thirty-seven dollars and twenty-two
cents, for the payment and mileage of Senators for
the Thirty-second Congress." •
I will now send to the Clerk's desk, to be read,
a statement by the Secretary of the Senate of the
amount required, and so forth.
The Clerk read the statement, as follows: *
Office Secretary Senate U. Ss, July 8, 1852.
Sir: I have the honor to state, that a further appropri-
ation is needed for the compensation of Senators, a& will
be seen m the following statement:
The whole amount of mileage and per diem which ac-
crued at the late special session of the Senate was—
Per diem  £4,022 00
Mileage  48,044 80
 .$'52^066 80
Of this there lias been paid  45.216 80
Leaving unpaid  6,850 00
The amount appropriated for the present session
was {pise,339 40
And there has been paid  346,613 58
Leaving to be paid  39.725 82
To u Inch is to be added, tor mileage of Senators
who ha\c taken their seat* dunna the present
session, not estimated foi, and of a Senator
who maybe appointed fiom Kentuckv  7.500 10
Making a total of.  54,076 22
From which is to be deducted the balance m the
hands of the Secretary of the Senate  10,039 00
Leaving n deficiency to be supplied by
further appropriation  -14.037
Tins estimate is made up to the 11th of August, If the
session should continue beyond that tune, a fmther ap-
propriation, at the rate of $501 per day, will be required tor
the Senate.
The balance now m the hand* of the fcjecrct.uy all
be called for within the course of a few days.
J have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,
ASBURY DICKIES,
Secretary of the Senate.
Hon. George S. Houston,
Chairman Com. Way, and Means, II. R.
Mr. HOUSTON (resuming.) At the lost
session of Congress, the estimate for the pay and
mileage of Senators, for this session of Con-
gress, was 5186,339 40. The Senate have a
balance of a former appropriation of $12,141 38.
The amount appropriated m the civil and diplo-
matic bill of the last session of the Thirty-first
Congress, was <19,040, making their available
fund for the payment, of their per diem and mileage
$202,181 38, which would have been not only
enough,butwould have left a balance in the Treas-
ury of some twenty or thirty thousand dollars, if
it had not been for the special session of the Sen-
ate at the close of the last Congress. Many of the
Senators, at that session, charged constructive
