1694
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 8,
ever made by order of Congress. The work is
now nearly finished, and the mechanics, and
those who furnished materials, are asking for
their pay. It is due to them—it is due to Doctor
Owen, and to the Commissioner of the Land Office,
that the appropriation should pass. I therefore
most respectfully ask the committee to vote down
the motion to strike oat, as proposed by the Com-
mittee on Ways and Means.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HOUSTON. I wish to state an additional
fact. This, I believe, was considered by the Com-
mittee on "Ways and Means as properly belonging
to the contingent fund of each House. If the
committee will look at the clause, they will see
there is used a singular phraseology by the Senate.
It appears they have ordered three, or four, or five
times as many documents as we have, and here
they put in the number of documents we have or-
dered; but when they come to those they have
ordered, they only say the copies, without putting
in really how many. Now, I am not disposed,
so.far as I am concerned, to seem to diminish when
we do not diminish the contingent fund of the two
Houses. Whenever we incur liability to come
out of the contingent fund, I want it to come out
of that fund. If this claim be rejected in this bill
it will come up to be paid out of the contingent
fund, just likeany other printing ordered by either
House—like your commercial document, or any
other document ordered by the votes of the two
Houses of Congress, to be printed—which each
House mustpay out of its contingent fund. This
is only an effort on the part of others to seem to
diminish, and not to present the amount of ex-
penditure out of the contingent fund to the coun-
try. In the way of contingencies, both Houses
are expending enormous sums. Such is the case
especially, in the Senate. I am, therefore, for let-
tins: the contingent fund show this; and if this be
added to it, and there can be no question it must,
let it appear as a contingency. Here is an appro-
priation of some $40,000 or $50,000 of additional
contingencies for the Senate, and let it tome out
of their contingent fund. Let our contingencies
be paid for out of our contingent fund. Let the
country see what we are doing.
Mr. LOCKHART. This work, I desire to
say, will be ready the 5th of the present month.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. The amend-
ment proposed by the gentleman from Tennessee
is to strike out the whole of these two clauses. I
propose to amend them before they are struck out.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. My proposition
is to strike out the amount to be appropriated.
The Committee on Ways and Means recommend
non-cuncurrenoe m the amendment.
Mr. STANTON. I propose the following
amendment 
The CHAIRMAN, An amendment to the
gentleman's amendment is not in order.
Mr. STAN TON. I do not propose an amend-
ment to this amendment. I propose to amend the
clauses before they are stricken out.
The CHAIRMAN". The gentleman's amend-
ment is to strike out $31,218 75. That amendment
is now under consideration, and until acted upon,
further amendments will not be in order.
Mr. JONES. My first amendment is to strike
out $31,218 75; the other one is to strike out
§16,187 50.
The CHAIRMAN". The other one is not now
under consideration. The question has been
divided, and the first subdivision is alone under
consideration by the committee.
Mr. STANTON. What becomes of the rest
of the clause?
The CHAIRMAN. Jt will be subsequently
considered by the committee.
The question was taken on the motion to strike
out $31,218 75. and it was not agreed to.
Mr. PITCH. I move to strike out the proviso
inflation to the binding-, and I do so for the pur-
pose of obviating one of the objections. I under-
stand that the Committee on Ways and Means
objects to this appropriation They say this
money should be paid out of the contingent fund
of the respective Houses. That contingent fund
cannot, under the law, be appropriated for the
binding of any document which costs over twelve
and a half cents, that being the price paid to the
contractors for the Congressional binding. Now,
sir, it is well known Congressional documents are
octavo volumes.
Mr. HOUSTON. With the permission of the
gentleman 1 want to correct a fact. Has the gen-
tleman any authority for what he has stated r if
he has I should like to see it. If the contingent
fund be not restricted you can have the binding
done by one bindery as well as another. Tile
restriction is not there.
Mr. FlTCH. it is a restriction which I under-
stand the gentleman himself to have made. He
stated a short time since, not in debate, as an ob-
jection to the payment of this money out of the
contingent fund, that the contract for the Congres-
sional binding would stand in the way—which
contract provides the binding shall be done for
twelve and a half cents a volume. This contract
is for sixty cents a volume, and it is that for this
obvious reason: the contract for Congressional
binding contemplates only the binding of octavo
volumes. This is a quarto volume, which cannot
be bound for twelve and a half cents. The esti-
mate was fifty cents, but the contract was for
sixty cents per volume, because in the estimate
the cost of stitching, folding, and arranging the
illustrations were not included, which were ten
cents additional. Now this objection to the pay-
ment out ©f the contingent fund for that binding
would present itself at once to the House. 1
propose to strike that out, because the contract
has been for sixty cents. The contract placed
that price for the reasons I have already stated.
iNow, the volume will include, when published,
—and it will be published about the middle of
next month,—the results of four years field ser-
vice. It includes the geology of a country four
times larger than New York. It is of vast interest
not only to science but agriculture. It contains
that vet y species of knowledge which agricuku lists,
in that vast region, desire to obtain—a species of
knowledge infinitely better for agriculturists than
nine tenuis of the useless trash we publish in our
reports from the Patent Office.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I rise to op-
pose this amendment, for the purpose of getting
information from the chairman of the Committee
on Ways and Means, to satisfy my mind with
reference to the objection he makes to these two
appropriations. He says they ought to be paid
out of the contingent fund. 1 ask him whether
they are estimated for in the contingent fund ? If
they are, then this will be a double appropriation,
and ought to be stiicken out. If they are not es-
timated for in the contingent fund, certainly this
appropriation ought to be passed; but I can see
no objection to passing an appropriation explain-
ing in the bill what the appropriation is for,
whether it come out of the contingent fund, or
any other fund. This provision explains the fact
that the Senate have ordered a certain number of
these documents to be printed. If it be paid out
of the contingent fund, that information will ap-
pear upon the accounts, and not in the law itself;
so that this is better than if it were paid out of the
contingent fund.
Mr. HOUSTON. In reply to the gentleman's
question, I will say this: I Jmve not the items of
it before me, but this contingent fund may be as
well applied to that as to the Kossuth or any other
item. Let me go further. It is absolutely essen-
-ttal and proper this should come out of the con-
tingent fund, for the reason that these expenditures
weie not incuneJ by joint resolution of the two
Ho uses. The House has incurred its own ex-
penditure by a simple resolution it passed ordering
the printing, and it should be paid out of the con-
tingent fund of the House.
Mr. STANTOJN". That is true. There is an
obligation upon the Government; if tins money is
to be paid, it should be paid now. I understand
this appropriation is a deficiency. This is one of
those deficiencies which must be paid.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to state, with the
permission of the gentleman, another fact for the
consideration of the committee. There is now
presented a claim on the part of the contractor for i
the binding of Congress, for the binding of these j
documents He claims that they are included in !
his contract. He claims that the Commissioner ]
of the Land Office, or whoever managed this mat- j
ter, has made a contract for binding, which should I
go to him; and that there was no authority of law j
for the contract—that the resolution does not au- 1
thorize him to make a contract for binding. 1 de~ I
sire to know whether, in the settlement of the !
accounts of the binder under contract t« this Con- j
gress, we will not have to pay for the binding
again ?
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. That does
not alter the state of the question. Here is a con-
tract made by authority of the Senate and by au-
i thority of the House, and the work has been
■ done.
j Mr. STANTON", of Kentucky. IPthe gentle-
j man from Tennessee will allow me to explain that
: matter about binding, I will do it in a moment,
' and .satisfy the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr.
1 Houston-,] he is under a mistake with regard to
i it. A contract was entered into with certain
! binders to do the binding for the House of Repre-
| sentatives and the Senate, at t\vel\e and a half
; cents per volume. They were to do that descrip-
i tion of binding usually done for Congress, not
I including this.
; Mr. HOUSTON. He expressly claims this at
! double his contract price.
i The question was then taken on the motion to
• strike out the proviso, and it was disagreed to.
| The question then recurring upon the adoption
. of the second subdivision of the amendment, it
j was taken and agreed to.
| Mr. JONES, of T-ennessee. I ask the Clerk to
■ read the third subdivision of the nineteenth amend*
! ment.
| It was then read as follows:
I " To enable the Clerk of the Hoa?e of Representatives to
1 pay lor 3,501) copies of the repoitot Dr. David Dale Owen,
; ou the geology of Iowa, Wisconsin, and Minnesota Terri-
! l« ry, oidered by a le^olulmn of the House of Kepresenta-
H tives, to be executed under special direction of the f'oin-
missioneroftheGeneral Land Office,$16,187 51): PxmV/er/,
i That no more than fifty cents per copy thai! be paid for the
| binding of the book."
' Mr. JONES. I move to strike out the amount
; of $16,187 50. I wish merely to state, that by
reading the Senate resolution it will be seen that
it did not authorize the making of any special con-
] tract, but merely ordered the printmgof this docu-
; ment under the special direction of the Commis-
: sioner of the General Land Office. As 1 have
: stated before, the House resolution refers to a
: contract which had been made under the author-
, ity of the Senate resolution. I will further state,
' that if the Senate resolution had directed a con-
: tract to be made, one House cannot repeal a law
: which has been passed by both, and approved by
| the President. These resolutions were separately
j passed by the respective Houses, and neither of
j them says one word about the binding.
; Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I oppose the
j striking out that provision in this resolution, and
j I do it for the purpose of getting the opportunity
j to explain this matter about the printing. The
j gentleman from Alabama labors under a great
I misapprehension. The Joint Committee on Pnnt-
| ing made a contract with two binders of tnis city,
! one to do the binding for the House of Rep esent-
; atives, and the other to do the binding for the Sen-
■ ate, and the prices were established at which they
i stipulated to do the usual binding. They made
! this contract with these gentlemen, and they un-
i dertook to do the work at twelve and a half cents
| a volume. The Commissionerof the Land Office,
t being aware of the existence of this contract with
| these gentlemen, and knowing the duty of the
j contractors under it, and believing that he had the
| power to make a contract for binding these books,
as he was intrusted with the printing and pub-
! hshing of them under the resolution of the Sen-
! ate, made a contract with a binder in the city of
■ New York.
! Mr. LOCKHART. Here is a paragraph from
; Dr. Owen's letter:
'•The binding ha^ been contiacted for in a substantial
manner foi sixty cents. This includes Mitcliinu, folding,
and arranging illustration*, which at<* not taken into the
, account in the estimate at fiity cant*. The Commissioner
considered that the words of the leso'utinn lerpnied that he
should make special coritiact* for the whole publication,
; including, of course, the binding. The public binder con-
tracts to bind for twelve and a half cents per volume, and
i it was utterly impossible to bind quarto volumes for that
price. Ilence the necessity for making a special eon-
! tiact.*'
i Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. When this
j question arose in the Joint Committee on Printing,
it was believed by the members of the committee
that the contractors of the House were entitled to
it. They were so informed,and a resolution was
passed authorizing them to do it, but they had
sagacity enough to see, if they did it themselves
they would lose money upon it. They came be-
fore the committee ana protested against its being
