fe*V
1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1695
given to them, for they could not do it for less
than sixty-two and a half cents, on account of the
expensive style of binding; and as their manner of
binding was altogether in a different style, they >
desired to be relieved from all obligation to do it. \
The committee then confirmed the contract made
i Mr. HOUSTON. This amendment is intended
; to prevent any surveys being carried on or directed
1 by the Depaitments of (iovermnent without au-
thority of iaw.
Mr. S TEPHENS. I am opposed to it. If we
have to restrain Departments from doing what
with a New York house by a formal resolution, : they have no authority to do—if we have to come
which is on record upon their Journal. I believe ! to that pass, I think it is time that we should con-
they did it under the sanction or authority of some ij stder a serious remedy. If the Departments carry
resolution passed by the Senate. i; on surveys, or anything else, without authority
The question was then takenupon Mr. Jones's jl ot law, impeach them. Have wegot to that pass
amendment, and it was not agreed to. jj that we have to restrain them by saying that tliey
Thequestion then recurring upon this subdivis- |] shall not do so and so unless authorized by law?
n of the Senate amendment, it was taken, and ji Mr. HOUSTON. This particular appropri-
' ation, and this particular pioviso, piueeeds from
the fact that there was an appropriation for geo-
logical surveys in some of the Northwestern Ter-
ritories, and the balance of that appropriation,
. which was unexpended m thesegeologu-alsurveys,
was turned over to Oregon, and without any au-
thority of law whatever. The geological surveys
1 were prosecuted in Oregon, to the absorption of
' the balance of the appropriation, which was in-
, tended for another country, while there was no
law even authorizing a geological survey. That
j is the reason the Senate adopted this amendment.
I Mr. STEPHENS. 1 would inquire of the
; chairman of the Committee on Ways and Means,
: who directed that survey ?
' Mr. HOUSTON. 1 think it was under the di-
1 rection of the Commissioner of the General Land
| Office, whoever has the proper control of it.
A Voice. The Secretary of the interior.
| Mr. HOUSTON. The Secretary of the Inte-
rior; but under the immediate direction of the head
| of the Land Office.
j Mr. STEPHENS. I see no use for the proviso,
and I hope the House will not concur in it. If
I there is any misdirection of the public funds in
tion of the Secretary of State, Mr. Webster, who jj the public offices of this country, i hope the sub-
has given a recommendation to the committee of Jj ject will be brought before the House for consid-
10 n
agreed to.
The fourth branch of the nineteenth amendment
of the Senate, appropriating $800 for contingent
expenses of the Library of Congress, was then
taken up and agreed to.
The twentieth amendment was then read, as
follows:
" For til o payment to James W. Hale, of the city of New
York, in full for discharging the dimes of a fi^patoh-fujerit,
from September, 1849, to June, 1850, inclusive, the sum of
$600.^
XvTr. JONES, of Tennessee. I will state, that
the committee recommend a non-concurrence with
this amendment, for the reason that it is a private
claim, and there is no authority in the law to pay
for such services, and this matter has no business
in a general appropriation bill.
Mr. BRIGGS. I hope the committee will con-
cur in this amendment for the payment to Mr.
Hale the small sum of #600 for services actually
rendered to the Government as a dispatch-agent,
during the inability of the Government dispatch-
agent, Matthew Davis, to do that duty, owinic to
infirmity of age and indisposition. Mr. Hale
faithfully performed that service, under the sanc-
the Senate, that Mr. Hale was entitled to receive
this compensation. The Senate so considered it,
and they have amended our bill by inserting the
sum of $600, as compensation for his services,
and I hope the House \tfill not refuse to allow it.
It cannot be viewed in the light of a private claim,
and I really trust, that this committee will not
reject the amendment of the Senate providing so
small a pittance for a person who has faithfully
discharged his duty to the Government.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment, and it was agreed to.
The twenty-first amendment was then read, as
follows:
« Page 14. line 311, after the word c dollars,' insert:
"Provided, That there shall be no further geological
survey piosecuted in Oregon unless authorized by law."
Mr. HOUSTON. The committee propose an
amendment to that amendment. They propose to
strike out the words 44 in Oregon," in the second
line, so that the prohibition will be general.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Do the Com-
mittee on Ways and Means propose to concur
with the proviso in the Senate's amendment?
Mr. HOUSTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. STEPHENS. "Provided that there shall
eration, not by provisoes, but by some more ener-
getic means.
Mr. J ON ES, of Tennessee. The Senate adopt-
ed this amendment, " that there shall be no further
geological surveys prosecuted in Oregon unless pro-
vided by law." The amendment of the commit-
tee proposes to strike outthewords "in Oregon,"
and not to apply this exclusively to Oregon, but to
make it read that there shall be no further geo-
logical surveys prosecuted unless authorized by
j law." The Senate propose to limit it to Oregon,
' but the Committee on Ways and Means propose
I to make it apply generally.
! The CHAIRMAN. The question is upon the
| amendment of the Committee on Ways and
: Means.
| Mr. JONES. Is it in order to move a substi-
! tute, " that there shall be no further geological
' surveys prosecuted under authority ot the United
' States unless provided by law."
The CHAIRMAN. 'That amendment will be
I in order after thequestion is taken upon the amend-
, ment now before the committee.
. Mr. STEPHENS. The object of the gentle-
' man will be answered by providing that no geo-
j logical survey will be paid for out of the public
; Treasury unless authorized by law. To make a
be no geological survey, except authorized by „      >
law." What do vou propose'—that a man |; general declaration that there shall be no geologi-
into Territories and make a volun- ;; cal surveys, unless authorized by law, seems to
should not go
tary survey ;
Mr, HOUSTON. The object of the amend-
ment is to prevent suHh surveys, unless Congress
shall pass a law expressly requiring, authorizing,
or directing a survey to be made.
Mi.STEPHENS. The proviso, as it stands,
makes a broad declaration that there shall be no
geological surveys in Oregon unless ordered by
law. The committee propose to strike nutOregon,
and then there will be a general denunciation, and
there will be no geological surveys except those
authorized by law.
Mr. HOUSTON. We have permitted it to re-
mam in the language employed by the Senate.
As a matter of c6urse, we do not pretend to say
that the gentleman from Georgia shall not survey
geologically whenever he pleases, or any other
man.
Mr. STEPHENS. I will ask the gentleman
if he goes and makes a voluntary survey, will he
be indicted for the misdemeanor?
Mr. HOUSTON. Oh, no.
Mr. STEPHENS. Why, then, say so.
[Laughter.]
me to be absurd. I hope the whole will be suick-
en out.
Tne question was then put upon tne amend-
ment, and on a division there were—ayes 47, noes
3<Mr. SWEETSER demanded tellers; which
were ordered; and Messrs. Stantox, of Tennes-
see, and Fref.max, were appointed.
The question was then taken, and it was decided
in the affirmative—ayes 74, noes not counted.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MEADE. It seems to me that some"fur-
ther revision of this clause is necessary, to make
it intelligible. It would be gathered from that
amendment that the Committee on Ways and
Means and also the Senate thought that there had
been expenditures upon works of this kind with-
out the authority of law. Now, I suppose that
charity requires us to admit that the officers of the
Government supposed they had authority to make
those expenditures. Well, this clause is intended
as a declaration of the wish of Congress herealtei,
and, in order to do that it seems to me it is neces-
sary to insert some other words than those which
are now embraced in the amendment. I agree
with thegentleman from Georgia, [Mr.Stephens,]
that the clause as it stands has no meaning in it;
or, if it has any, it seems to say that heretofore the
officers of the Government have been in the habit
of making unlawful expenditures for this object. *
The CHAIRMAN. What amendment tioes
the gentleman from Virginia propose?
Mr. MEADE. I believe that the word " Ore-
gon" has been stricken out.
The CHAIRMAN. It has.
Mr. M EADE. Then I move to strike out the
word, " authorized," and insert, in lieu thereof,
I, " hereafter directed," so as to make it read,
j <k Provided, That there shall be no furthergeologi-
j cal survey prosecuted unless hereafitr directed by
| law."
\ Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I would sug-
' gest to the gentleman that it would be better to
i amend the clause by striking out the word "pros-
ecuted," and inserting after the word " survey,"
j the words " paid for out of the Treasury of the
j United States."
j The section would then read—
j Provided, That there shall be nofuithei geological sur-
; vey paid fot out ouheTieasury of the United States unless
' authorized by law.
; Mr. HOUSTON. I am willing to agree to that
! amendment.
j Mr. MEADE. That phraseology "would be
! liable to the very same exceptions which have
i! been made to the clause as it stands; because it
would admit the supposition that heretofore there
had been money paid out of the Treasury that
was not authorized by law. Now, I think it is
unnecessary that that reflection should be cast
upon the Executive at this time, if he has re-
mained under the impression that these surveys
were allowed by law. If we insert the words
which I propose to insert, it will be a direction to
the Executive hereafter, in relation to its duty,
without pronouncing a condemnation on its course
heretofore.
I would, therefore, suffer the clause to stand as
it "is, with the amendment which I propose. It
will then read, " that there shall be no further
geological surveys prosecuted, unless hereafter
directed by law." That is, that the surveys
which have heretofore been prosecuted may have
been directed by laws heretofore existing; but
that now there shall be no further prosecution of
surveys unless there shall be subsequent direc-
tions. That, it seems to me, will cover theobject
of the Committee on Ways and Means, and of
the Senate, without admitting the supposition that
heretofore there have been improper expendi-
tures.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Meade] joined the gentleman from
Georgia [Mr. Stephens] in criticising the lan-
guage which the Senate has seen fit to employ;
but now he proposes to amend that language, and
put it precisely in the same condition as was criti-
cised by the gentleman from Georgia. The criti-
cism of the gentleman from Georgia was, that
this would be a law against all geological surveys,
and now the gentleman from Virginia proposes
that there shall be no geological surveys, un'ess
they are hereafter directed by law to be made,
which would leave it in precisely the some condi-
tion. The criticism of the gentleman fiom Geor-
gia would hold good on the language of the gen-
tleman from Virginia, just as well as on that of
the Senate amendment.
Mr. MEADE. I will obviate that objection by
modifying my amendment so as to read, "that
there "shall be 110 further geological survey by the
Government of the United States, unless hereafter
directed by law."
Mr. HOUSTON. That will obviate the diffi-
culty. I think the pioposition of the gentleman
from Georgia would accomplish the same end. 1
am willing to take either of them. I think <he
amendment, or some modification of it, ought to
be adopted. ... .
There is an appropriation in this bill, as I stated
before, for a deficiency for surveys in Oregon,
after expending a balance of what was previously
appropriated for some of the Territories m the
Northwest.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Have the
surveys in those Territories been completed?
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 understand that they are
completed, and that a great part of the money
