1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
783-
Mr. COBB, when his name was called, said: I
vote m the affirmative, but am opposed to a part
of the bill.
Mr. C. moved to reconsider the vote by which
the report was adopted, and to Jay the motion to
reconsider upon the tabic; which latter motion
was agreed to.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
On motion by Mr. HOUSTON, the House re-
solved itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, (Mr. Stuart in the chair,)
and resumed the consideration of the bill, No. 207,
making appropriation to supply deficiencies for the
fiscal year ending June 30, 1852.
Mr. SMITH, who was entitled to the floor,
addressed the committee for an hour, principally
upon the subject of the census printing. He ex-
pressed some, views in opposition to the form in
which it was proposed by the Department of the
Interior to have that work executed. He was in
favor of rejecting somuch of thematterproposed to
be printed—that is, the medical statistics and the
historic part—and was in favor of printing the
work in a reduced form, and on a more economical
scale. He expressed some views in regard to the
Presidency, and m opposition to taking up for that
office defeated candidates, and resuming old issues.
He preferred progress, and a young or new candi-
date.
Mr. NA.BERS next addressed the committee, in
reply to the remarks of the gentleman from Ala-
bama, [Mr. Smith,] in regard to the unfitness of
the old presidential candidates. He thought that
the progressive doctrines advanced by that gentle-
man now were totally at variance with those ex-
pressed by liim in regard to the principles of Kos-
suth. He (Mr. N.) was disposed rather to adhere
to the conservative policy of our govei nment rather
than upon any idea of progress to takeup "Young
America" and new and dangerous doctrines. He
entered at some length into Mississippi politics,
and defended the position of the Union party of
that State.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky, then ad-
dressed the committee, principally in reply to that
portion of the remarks of the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Breckinridge] identifying Mr.
Fillmore with the Abolition party, because he had,
when a Representative on that floor from New
York, voted against the resolution of Mr. Wise,
inhibiting the consideration of abolition petitions.
He maintained that if it was wrong for Mr. Fill-
more to vote against the adoption of that resolu-
tion, it was equally wrong when the Democratic
party subsequently voted for the rescision of this
very rule. He maintained that President Fillmore
was national and conservative in his views on the
slave question.
[The above speeches will be found in the Ap-
pendix.]
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I have sought
anxiously to-day what, in the history of this Con-
gress, would have been a somewhatextraordinary
thing—to obtain the floor for the purpose of ad-
dressing the House upon the business legitimately
before us, (the deficiency bill,) and which we were
sent here to transact. We have had that bill but
a very few days under discussion—a bill which
appropriates about $3,000,000. I have never ex-
amined the whole bill, and only wish to speak
upon those appropriations, into the investigation
of which the committee, of which I am a member,
have "hitherto gone. I speak of that portion of
the deficiency bill which makes appropriation for
the Indian service of the country. During the
whole time which has been spent upon this hill,
we have heard nothing but a squabble about presi-
dential candidates—a matter which I humbly sub-
nut is premature and unfortunate for the Demo-
cratic party, and in which none who have been
ensued in it will be able to say, that they have
distinguished themselves for prudence. They
should have waited until such time as these ques-
tions come up legitimately—when there was a can-
didate for the Presidency—and then discuss those
subjects; and allow us, m the mean time, to take
up and consider what was truly the business of
the House, and that is, the various bills brought
before us for consideration.
The chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means enforced, yesterday, upon this House the
necessity of closing the debate upon this bill to-
day, with a full knowledge—I speak of it in no
unkindly sense to the gentleman, but I condemn
it as a thing that was wrong, and as a thing that I
never knew in my term of service to be done here-
tofore by the Committee of Ways and Means—
that a committee, parallel with his own in point
of business upon a particular subject, had that
subject under consideration, and had asked for
time to develop facts which might be laid beiore
this House for its consideration, in regard to the
interests of this Government and the service of a
particular branch thereof. I asked, then, of this
House, only until to-morrow, that we might he
able to conclude our investigation of the appropri-
ation for the Indian service, but it was denied.
It was denied by the chairman of the Ways and
Means, who knew more about the business of my
committee than I knew myself, or than anybody
else knew. I am sorry the House thought so,
and closed this debate to-day. What is the re-
sult? We worked until twelve o'clock last night,
and again until twelve o'clock to-day, and without
being able to get through with the entire investi-
gation. We are satisfied that the Committee of
Ways and Means have erred, in striking out thir-
teen out of twenty-six items of appropriation for
Indian service. When I come m here to state
these facts to the House, I am unable to get the
floor; and now I have five minutes to go into the
investigation of a subject which it would take me
an hour to do justice to or to explain to the House.
I am not famed for consuming the time of the
House for purposes of Buncombe or of personal
display.
1 ask the House, what are you to do when you
come to vote upon these questions? I know I
shall stand instructed by the Committee on Indian
Affairs to offer, as amendments to the deficiency I
bill, a large number of the items for Indian ser- [
vice which have been rejected by the Ways and j
Means; and I shall have but five minutes to ex-
plain the necessity of those items, many of which
could not be explained in ten or fifteen minutes.
Debate ought to be heard on both sides, as to
whether the Ways and Means Committee did right
in rejecting these items. The Committee on Indian
Affairs believe they can show satisfactorily to the
House that they did wrong in rejecting them; but
it cannot be done in five minutes. I would scorn
to go into the consideration of any subject in live
minutes. I merely want to show the House the
condition that this business has been brought into
by the hasty and sudden closing of debate; and j
that, too, in the face of the protest of a member of !
the committee, who declared that the debate ought
not to be closed, and could not be closed, without
a risk of great and serious injury to the service of
the country, and to that portion of the service in
which, if there is heart, and soul, and feeling, in
the bosom of the American people, they ought to
be most peculiarly guarded to see that there is no
injustice done.
Mr. POLK, (interrupting.) If the gentleman
will allow me, I will move, by unanimous consent,
that he be permitted to go into this investigation.
I consider this a matter of considerable impor-
tance. I, myself, know nothing about it. No argu-
ment has been addressed to it at all, and I should
be obliged to vote in the dark.
Mr. JOHNSON. I will state that when this de-
bate was closed yesterday, the samehot haste pre-
vailing, after the wrong itself was consummated, a
motion was made to reconsider the resolution and
that motion was laid upon the table. There is, j
therefore, no way in which I can obtain a hearing, ;
for if it depends on unanimous consent, I presume >
in a House of two hundred and thirty-seven, there ;
would always be somebody to object to every- ]
thing. Yes, even the light of heaven is objected [
to here. I
Mr. POLK. I hope there will be no objection. ;
I will, with the permission of the gentleman, move ;
that the committee rise. ;
Mr. JOHNSON. Very well. I will give way ;
for that motion, trusting that when next we go !
into committee, I shall be allowed, by unanimous
consent, to explain the items; if not the Indian !
service can take its course.
Mr. POLK then moved that the committee rise;
which motion was agreed to. '
The committee accordingly rose, and theSpeaker
having resumed the chair, the chairman of the ,
committee reported that the Committee ot the ,
Wholeon the state of the Union had had the Union ;
generally under consideration, and particularly j
House bill No. 207, and had come to no conclusion
thereon.
SEAT OF GOVERNMENT OF OREGON.
Mr. LANE, by unanimous consent, submitted
the following resolutions; which were severall
read, considered, and agreed to:
Ra>olved) That the President of the United States be re-
quested to lay before this IJou«e a cop}'of the correspond-
ence with John P. Games, Governor of the Territory of
Oregon, relative to the location and establishment of "the
seat of government of' said Territory.
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be rfr
quested to lay before this House, a copy of the correspond-
ence between that Department, and E. Hamilton, Secre-
tary of Oregon relative to the location of the seat of gov-
ernment of said Territory, and the mileage and per diem of
the members and officers of the Legislative Assembly ot
I said Territory.
Mr. MEADE. I have a drawer full of reports
I from the Committee on the Judiciary, which I ask
I the unanimous consent of the House to permit me
to present.
Mr. BAYLY. I would be the last man to
thwart my colleague in anything, but I object.
[Laughter.]
On motion by Mr. MEADE, the House then
adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions, tnemonalSj &c., were presented
under the mle, and refeircd to the appropriate committees ;
By Mr. St. MARTIN: The petitioner of John B. Coop-
er, claiming remuneiation for losses sustained m the war of
1812.
Bv Mr. JOHNSON, of Ohio : The memoiia] of David
MoFailand and William Welty, ofTuseaiawa&ronnty, ask-
ing additional compensation foi taking the Seventh Census.
By Mr. ASHE: The memorial of Edward IJ. Dudley am!
other®, citizons of North Carolina, against the extension of
the Wood worth patent for planing hoards, &c.
Also, the memonal of John I). Wilhamsandothers, cit-
izenf of Noith Caiohna, against the extension of the Paiker
patent.
By Mr. HENDRTCKS : The petitions of John D. Smith,
of Jipton comity, and P. Hutton. ot Manon county, in the
State of Indiana, iate ass-iJ-iant mai^hait; of sunt counties,
praying that additional compensation be made to the assist-
ant marshals for services in taking the Seventh Census of
the United Ptate*.
By Mr. THOMPSON, of Virginia: The petition of E.
S. M. Hill and 130 other citizens of the county of Logan,
against the renewal of tne Wood worth patent. *
Al"o, the petition of William F. Peterson and others, in
relation to the collision of steam boats on the western
waters, and the best mode of pi eventing the same.
By Mr. SCUDPER. The petition of Benjamin F. Rob-
bins and others, owners of schooner Medium lost at sea,
for an allowance of fi«hin«r bounty.
By Mr. BOWIE : The petition of John H. Bnght, pray-
ing to be allowed bounty land due his uncle, William
Bright, a revolutionary soldiei.
Bv Mr. McDONALD : The petition of Horace Parker,
for increase of pay lor his services at navy-yard m Kittery,
Maine.
Bv Mr. MOORE, of Pennsylvania : Resolutions of the
Legislature of Pennsylvania "relating to Smith O'Brien
and his associates m exile and al>o in reference to the
establishment of a navy-yard depot and dry-dock on the 4
Lake frontier.
IN SENATE.
Friday, March 10, 1852.
Prayer by the Rev. Littleton P. Morgajt.
EXPLANATION.
Mr. CASS. Mr. President, a letter has just
been published in the Union, addressed by Colonel
Davis to the editors of the Mississippian, and
copied from the latter paper, which, relating as it
does, to some of the positions I have taken m the
Senate, as well as elsewhere, seems to me to it-quir e
some remarks; especially as my true views, m one
respect at least, are misunderstood. I have to
thank Colonel Davis for the just.ee he has done
me, with that spirit of frankness which becomes
his character. And, while he dissents from my
conclusions, as he had a right to do, he bears tes-
timony against an odious charge, never, indeed,
resting upon the slightest foundation of truth, that
I designed to deceive the South, as to my real
opinions, in my Nicholson letter. Some time
since, when I first learned this accusation, I ap-
pealed to Southern Senators upon this floor, and
said it was well known to many of ihem, that the
plain language of my letter corresponded with my
views, and that my opinions were perfectly under-
stood when the letter was first published. You
will recollect, sir, that not one member contra-
dicted this statement, and that several of them save
their assent to it, and among these was Colonel
Davis.
I am not going into a review of the old contro*
