784
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 10.
vesrsy, connected with the general subject of the
Wilmot proviso. I desire", principally, to put
myself right, in one particular, where Colonel
ijavis has misunderstood me. It will be recollected
that when, my Nicholson letter was written, we
had not acquired California. , It was yet during
the'existence of the war, and the principles I dis-
cussed had therefore relation to the usual form of
territorial governments, as established by the au-
thority of Congress. My object was to show that
Congress had no constitutional power to insert the
Wilmot proviso in the organic laws, because the
right to establish such governments being founded
upon necessity alone, could extend no farther than
that necessity required, which is satisfied when
the governments are organized, leaving to the peo-
ple all other- rights in their administration. These
organic laws, all of them indeed, grant or recog-
nize the right of legislation in the Territories, to
be exercised in the mode pointed out. It is a gen-
eral power, embracing ali the objects of human
legislation, unless in particular cases, where re-
strictions are imposed. My opinion is, that Con-
gress can impose no restriction upon the power
to regulate the relation of master and servant, in-
cluding the condition of slavery in the Territories,
any more than they can upon the relations of hus-
band and wife, or of parent and child. Every
Territorial Legislature which has existed has ex-
ercised full power, uncontrolled power, over the
two latter domestic relations, by virtue of being
the depositories of legislative authority, and not
because those objects, or indeed any others, were
specially committed to their charge; thus assuming
that it is a just object for such action, in conse-
quence of the grant of general powers of legislation.
And in the Territories, where there has been no
Wilmot proviso, the power to regulate the condi-
tion of slavery lias been freely exercised among
the other objects of legislation, without any ex-
press grant whatever; and in all of them it coujd
be exercised in the same manner, either to estab-
lish or abolish slavery, unless controlled by supe-
rior Congressional action, in conformity with the
Constitution. I should like to have any man point
to me a single reason why a Territorial Legis-
lature, if left uncontrolled in this respect by Con-
gress—and all who are opposed to the Wilmot
proviso believe they should be thus left—can legis-
late upon one of these domestic relations and not
upon the others. I speak of the legal power, for
that is the question at issue. Upon what principle
can a line be drawn on the chart of legislation,
which would divide those great objects of social
life, and leave one of them without the sphere of
legitimate control, and the other within it' The
same general terms of power which include one
include all; and yet we are called upon to deny that
* power in a particular case, and to leave it m un-
questionable operation in all other cases. If indeed,
as I have heretofore"said, and now repeat, the
right to take slaves into the Territories is one, as
has been contended, which is secured by the Con-
stitution, theie is an end to the question. It would
be a right which would override and overthrow
Iboth congressional and territorial legislation in op-
position to it. I have never been able, myself, to
see the force of that construction which gives this
effect to any of the constitutional provisions, 'out
I was always willing, and so expressed myself,
tkat the question, being a claim of right, should be
submitted to the Supreme Court, and that its de-
cision should be final. But it will be observed
that Colonel Davis, in his letter, and I believe
those who take similar views of this question, place
their opposition to my doctrine, not upon the es-
tablishment of such a constitutional right, to be
found in the Constitution'itself, but upon the prob-
able practical result of the territorial power, that
it would give a peculiar direction, in the early
periods of the governments, to the legislation of the
country, and if not establish, at any rate exercise,
a powerful influence upon its permanent policy.
-No doubt, sir, it would be so;but it is one of those
consequences that cannot well be avoided. There
are w'ide differences of opinion in many portions
of this country upon questions of internal policy,
and little uniformity of system in their adjustment.
Each settler, during the period of settlement, natu-
rally prefers that state of things to which he has
been accustomed, and thus is it that an early char-
acter is given to these local institutions, which it
is afterwards difficult to change. It is not alone the
condition of master and servant, which feels the
effect of this impress, but it extends to all the ob-
jects of-legislation, which derive* their color very
much from the views of the first settlers. If a
newly-settling Territory is first occupied by a ma-
jority of emigrants from a slave State, they will
be very apt to establish slavery in their new resi-
dence. If, on the contrary, they come from a non-
slaveholding State, they will probably be equally
strongly inclined to establish that exclusion to
which they have been accustomed; and so with re-
lation to all the objects of coneern which are regu-
lated by law. And where was there ever a com-
munity whose political and social system was not
more or less influenced by the predominant opin-
ions and character which marked its early inhab-
itants? But this objection, sir, whatever weight
it is entitled to in the scale of expediency, does
not touch the question of right. That does not
even depend on Congressional action, but upon the
Constitution, which does not even look to this subr
jcct of early or of late legislation, nor the practi-
cal considerations to which it may give rise. The
rightful power, therefore, is not affected by the
mode in which it may be exercised, whether bear-
ing upon one or another of the vast variety of ob-
jects of civilized life which fall within the scope
of legislation. All, therefore, I claimed for the terri-
torial governments was the right of legislation in
all cases not in conflict with the Constitution; the
same general rights of legislation, which enabled
the territorial governments of Mississippi, of Ala-
bama, and other Southern Territories, to control
the question of slavery within their limits, and
which the Northern Territories might have con-
trolled at their pleasure, had there been no restric-
tion upon their power. This was no question of
" sovereignty," but of right, under the sovereign
authority of the Constitution. And if the first set-
tlers in the Territories might establish their future
policy upon this subject, by early legislation, I
know of no constitutional principle which could
refuse the same powers to all the others.
A fesv words more, sir, as to California, and
what has been called " squatter sovereignty." I
have already said, that my Nicholson letter referred
only to such territorial governments as had been
established by Congress, and it looked only to
such governments to be thereafter established by
the same authority, over future acquisitions, should
any such be confirmed to us by a treaty of peace.
As to the condition of things in California, which
followed, in consequence of the failure of Congress
to provide governments for the Mexican cessions,
no one foresaw it; certainly no one endeavored to
provide against it. My letter, therefore, did not
touch that point at all. But the difficulty came,
and a large body of American citizens, upon the
shores of the Pacific, found themselves without
government, and exposed to all the fearful evils,
which such a state necessarily brings with it. Life,
property, all the objects, indeed, of the social sys-
tem, were at hazard, without some prompt and
efficient action. That action we refused to take,
and the people had no other reliance butupon their
own wisdom and energy. The result was honorable
to themselves, to their country, and to human na-
ture. It was the most trying experiment, perhaps,
ever made upon the capacity of man for self-gov-
ernment, but they passed through the fiery furnace
unscathed, untouched, indeed, by the devouring
element. They established a government, and I
am not going to argue with any man, who denies
their right to have done so. I assume it as a self-
evident pioposition, in this middle of the nineteenth
century. It was not, as it has been called, an act
of revolution; for how can there be a revolution,
when there has been no preexistmggovernment1 It
was all act of political organization, essential to the
very existence of society. Well, sir, if they had
to establish a government, what kind of one must
it have been ? Some say territorial. But, sir,
that was impossible, for that kind of government
presupposes certain relations with the United :
States, which Congress alone can define andreg- '
ulate. It was impossible for a self-constituted gov-
ernment to put itself in that position, with its laws I
and officers controlled by federal authority, with- '
out the action of that authority. Nothing else 1
was left to the people but to do as they did, to lay j
the foundation of their own government, and then j
come to Congress with their work. Conceding, :
then, that they had the right to provide for their !
indispensable political wants bv this course, what j
limitation was there upon the" exercise of their I
powers, in framing their government ? Why, sir,
if they could do anything, they could do every-
thing, not in conflict with the Constitution of the
United Slates. And this brings me back to the
original questioli^whether the Constitution does
expressly , or by necessary implication, prohibit
the exercise of this contested power, or whether
it grants any rights, which render its action incom-
patible with their superior obligation. I have al-
ready said, I can find,formyself,no such provision
in that instrument. It will be recollected, that the
whole basis of my argument, whether right or
wrong, was founded on ths indefeasible right of
every distinct political community, to regulate its
own government, when not rightfully controlled
by some superior authority. The only superior
authority which, in this country, could limit this
right, must be derived from the Constitution of
the United States; and, therefore, every political
power, not thus limited, belongs to the people of
the Territories. That was and is my view.
Asto the term "squatter sovereignty," or " land-
lord sovereignty," and the reproach it is intended
to carry with it, they become neither our age nor
country. Men are entitled to government, even
if they are landless, and human life and human
happiness are worth protection, notwithstanding
a remote authority may be the great landlord)
holding vast domains in a state of nature, which
it neither grants nor governs. Many of the doc-
trines upon this subject carry us back to the mid-
dle ages, when land was everything and man
nothing. We have arrived at a period when bet-
ter views prevail; when human nature asserts its
rights, and the exercise of political power does
not depend upon the accident of property, but
upon the great principles of freedom and just
equality. One of two things is inevitable; Either
the people of California had the right to establish
a government for themselves, without reference to
"squatter sovereignty," or "landlord sovereign-
ty," or they were necessarily condemned to live
without a government, or rather to die without one;
for human life, under such circumstances, would
be far more precarious than in the bloodiest battle
on record. They chose to do what we refused:
to found a political system, affording protection to
the great objects of human society; and I know
nothing of the character of my countrymen,
North or South, if, on calm reflection, they do not
approve the proceeding. Nor do I believe there
is one of them, no matter where, who, had he
been in California in such a perilous crisis, would
have hesitated to substitute established law for
lawless violence and physical strength.
I observe, what had not struck me before, that
in an extract from his speech, which Colonel Da-
vis refers to, he says that I spoke of the fanati-
cism of the South. Sir, that is a deduction from
my remarks, and one which, I think, their tenor
does not justify. I used no such term. I made
no such charge. I did indeed complain of a too
prevalent indisposition among our Southern breth-
ren to make just allowance for the position and
natural opinions of Northern men. It was not
enough that they should recognize and defend the
constitutional rights of the South as zealously and
honestly, and, I may add,under circumstances of
a good deal of personal difficulty, as those of their
own section of country; but they were almost de-
nounced as Abolitionists, as Northern fanatics, I
said, in some quarters, unless they avowed and
believed that slavery was the best condition of hu-
man society. This is the substance of my remarks
upon that topic; and I know that this sentiment of
regret was participated in by some of the most
steadfast friends of the South upon this floor; and
; certainly those remarks were made not in a spirit
| of hostility, but with feelings of pain that so little
confidence was placed in exertions rightfully and
1 honestly made.
REGISTRY OF VESSELS.
On the motion of Mr. HAMLIN, the bills of
the House of Representatives to authorize the is-
suing of a register to the brig America, and to au-
thorize the issuing of a register to the ship Kos-
suth, were considered as in Committee of the
Whole, reported to the Senate, rend a third time,
and passed.
NAVY-YARD AT SAM FRANCISCO.
; Mr. GWIN. I wish to detain the Senate a
i single moment, not for the purpose of a personal
1 explanation, but in regard to the disposition that
