1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
787
Mr. IUIETT. It appears to me that this grant -
would be vindicated by the legislation of Congress 1
upon it. Certainly the President of the United ;
States had a right to allow a temporary occupa- \
tion of the land. It is true that, by long usage, it '
might be considered as a permanent right. And i
if he had allowed every religions denomination in j
the city to take a portion of the public land for ;
the purposes of burial, I think we should ratify !
what he did. I know very well the locality of :
this burial place, and I do not consider it of much I
value. By making a point about it at all, and the j
fact that we do legislate upon it, is a sufficient vin-
dication of the law. This is quite a small matter, i
and I hope the Senate will grant die sum asked '}
for
Mr. BAYARD. It is true it is a small matter;
but I never consider a principle a small matter,
however the Senator from South Carolina may
regard it. 1 think the principle in this case is an
important one.
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment, and it was not adopted.
The bill was then reported to the Senate, a
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading.
BRYAN- CALLAGHAN",
The bill for the relief of Bryan Callaghan was
then read a second time and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
The bil authorizes the Secretary of the Trea-
sury to pay to Bryan Callaghan the sum to which j
he may be found justly entitled as the reasonable !
value of merchandise belonging to him, and de- j
stroyed by order of officers of the Army of the 1
United States, in ]b4£, on the ilio Grande, to
prevent die said merchandise from falling into the ,
hands of the enemy, or which were used by the 1
forces of the United States, not exceeding the sum
of $16,11)4 50.
Mr. PRATT. I ask for the reading of the re- ,
port
The report was accordingly read, from which it 1
appeared that, in the opinion of the committee, the ,
case submitted by the petitioner established the
following facts:
1. That Colonel Harney was in command of a
portion of the United States troops at San Anto- ji
nio, Texas, in July, 1846, and that he was with- •
out the necessary supplies of money and pro- i
visions for the subsistence of the force under his j
command. ' 'j
2. That in an expedition which started from 'i
San Antonio to the Rio Grande, on the 23d of i
July, 1846', Colonel Harney found it necessary to j
contract, and did contract, with the petitioner, a !
resident merchant of San Antonio, to accompany |
the expedition with his stock of mechandise, that j
from the proceeds of the sale thereof he might |
furnish Ins army with such supplies and money ^
as was necessary for its subsistence. J
3. That the goods of the claimant were, in ac-
cordam_e with this contract, delivered to and placed i (
under the control of Lieutenant D. G. Ro^reis, the (
acting quartermaster of the force engaged m this !
expedition, and were in part used in providing 1
supplies, &c. !
4. That when this expedition subsequently re-
tired from the Rio Grande and returned to San
Antonio, the residue of thegoods, which had been ,
surrendered to the quartermaster, were destroyed
by the orders of the officer in command, to pre- ;
vent their falling into the hands of the enemy.
5. That the value of the goods originally de-
livered by the applicant to the quartermaster was ,
$25,577 50: and that the \alue of that portion de-
stroyed by the oider of the United States officer, i
and for winch the petitioner has received no com- :
pensation, was $16,194 50.
The committee, therefore, believing the facts
above enumerated to be sustained by the testi-
mony, luul no difficulty in coming to the conclu-
sion that theWaimunt was justly entitled to be paid
the sum claimed as tne \alue of his goods de-
stroyed, and they recommended the passage to
provide for the payment of the same.
Mr. BORLAND. Tins bill was discussed and
passed at a former session of the benate. For
reasons which Mourned to me to be sufficient, I op-
posed n then. For the same reasons, I feel bound
to oppose n now.
The grounds of mv opposition are these: First.
The goods for which this payment is claimed, were
not in the possession of the United Suites, nor upon
the banks of the Rio Grande where they were de-
stroyed, by any such authority or for any such
legitimate purpose as to make the Government
responsible for their loss or destruction. Second.
It is not in proper or sufficient evidence before us,
that they were destroyed by proper authority, or
for a necessary purpose. Third. Had sufficient
time and warning to remove- them beyond the
danger, upon pretence of which they are alleged to
have been destroyed.
I said these good were not properly upon the
Rio Grande—that is, to the extent of mating the
United States responsible for them. The expedi-
tion, with which they were carried there, was an
unauthorized one. Not only unauthorized, but
was regarded by the commanding general as so
improper that, as soon as he received intelligence
of it, he countermanded it, ordered the troops back
to San Antonio, and placed the leader of it, Col-
onel Harney, under arrest. Mr. Callaghan, it
seem?, and as there is no doubt, accompanied this
expedition, and carried his goods by authority,
by order, if yon will, of Colonel Harney. But as
the expedition itself was an authorized one, as Col-
onel Harney himself, had no right to engage in it,
and no authority to make such an arrangement as
it is alleged he did make with Mr. Callaghan, or
give him such an order, I say that the goods in
question were not properly in possession of the
United States, were not legitimately under the
care and protection of the Government—certainly
not to such an extent as to create any Govern-
ment responsibility for them, or to make their
loss the just foundation of a claim upon us for
payment.
Heretofore, it seems to have been considered a
settled principle—at least it has been a governing
rule in this body, since I have been a member of
it—in deciding upon claims of this character, that,
to establish their validity, it must be proved first
that the appropriation or destruction of the prop-
eity was by the lawful act of anofficeror agent of
the Government; and second, that such appropri-
ation was proper for, or at least a conversion to,
the use and service of the Government; or that
such destruction was necessary and proper to pre-
vent the property from falling into the hands of
the enemy, to their benefit and our injury. Sev-
eral cases within my recollection, and of recent
occurrence, have been decided upon the principle
thus expressed.
But, supposing Mr. Callaghan, with his goods,
to have been, by legitimate authority, and under
lawful orders, on the banks of the Rio Grande m
the first instance; and that if, while so there, his
goods had been so destroyed, he would have a
valid cl iim against the Government for their value.
It does not follow that he had any such claim at
the* time, or under the circumstances, when his
goods were actually destroyed. It is in proof, I
think—at any rate it is true—that he remained at
the Rio Grande after he knew that the expedi-
tion had been countermanded; after he knew that,
for engaging in it, Colonel Hatneyhad been ar-
rested;1" and after that officer, and all the regular
troops under his command, had leturned to San
Antonio. I say, with this knowledge, and after
all this, he remained—voluntarily remained, along:
with some two or three companies of Texan vol-
unteers, at the Rio Grande. Now, if any one
shall say (as 1 have admitted for the argument)
that the expedition was lawful from thebeginmng,
and that Mr.Callahan, with his goods, was there
by the legitimate authority, and upon the just re-
sponsibility of the Government, and that if his
goods had then been destroyed, he would be en-
titled to compensation for them; it ennnot be said
that this continued to be the case after the expedi-
tion was countermanded—after it was ordered
back to San Antonio—after its commander (under
whose authority alone Mr. Calla^nan claims to
have acted) was deprived of command and placed
under arrest. If he was under military ordeis, as
he claims to have been, and so readily and impli-
citly obeyed, under Colonel Harney to go to^the
Rio Grande, he was bound, as was every officer
and every soldier of the whole expedition—whether
regular or volunteer—to obey the countermanding
order; to return to San Antonio; and every day,
every hour, that he remained there after Gen-
eral Taylor's order was given for the expedition
to return, was a disobedience of orders, and a
a violation of the law. For no such act as this
could he claim compensation as service to the
Government; for no loss incurred by him as a
consequence of such disobedience of orders, or
violation of the law, can he claim compensation
at our hands. Yet he did so remain at the Rio
Grande several days—perhaps a week. I do not
state this from mere hearsay, but in part from
personal observation, and from the familiar his-
tory of the time. About the time Colonel Har-
ney returned from the Rio Grande under arrest,
I was at San Antonio; and my impressions of all
the ciicunistances of this somewhat remarkable
case, which made some noise, were very strong
at the time, and are still quite distinct. Colonel
Harney returned promptly, and yielded up his
command m obedience to the order of his supe-
rior in command. So did all the regular troops
return. The Texan volunteers, and Mr. Calla-
ghan, with his goods, disregarded the order, and
remained at the Rio Grande. Why they did so .
is unexplained. That they did so improperly
and unlawfully, cannot be denied. And so long
did this disobedience continue, that the officer
who succeeded Colonel Harney in the same rank,
went expressly to repeat the order, that the remain-
ing Texan volunteers should remain no longer,
but return at once to San Antonio. Not until
then, did they or Callaghan return; and then it was
that they burned lus goods—for the purpose, as
alleged, of preventing their falling into the hands
of the enemy. It does seem to me that such cir-
cumstances furnish a strange, a most extraordi-
ary foundation for a claim. Its very inception
is connected with and characterized by an expe-
dition, as has been seen, wholly unauthorized,
and deemed so improper as not only to be coun-
termanded, but to subject its leader to deprivation
of command. Individually, I pass no opinion
upon the inherent merits of this part of the case,
or of the persons implicated. I merely state the
facts, and assume them as the legitimate basis of
my argument.
1 here repeat the inquiry, and it is suggestive
and significant, why did Mr. Callaghan letnain
at the Rio Grande after the order was given, and
the mam body of the troops, in obedience to it,
had returned to San Antonio? He had obeyed
the original order of Colonel Harney, which re-
quired him to to take his goods, and hasten to the
Rio Grande, where he and they might be exposed
to some danger from the enemy. Why not obey
the order of General Taylor, which was certainly
not less lawful, nor harder in its terms, when that
would have carried him and his goods back to San
Antonio m safety, and under proper protection ?
If his claim to compensation had its origin, as he
alleges, m his obedience to the orders of Colonel
Harney, supposing those orders to have been law-
ful, lis \alidity could only have continued, and its
consmnnvuion and present allowance can only be
justified, by continued obedience to orders equally
lawful, in consequence of which the loss he com-
plains of shall be proved.
It is said in the memorial, and set forth in the
report, 1 belie\e, that these goods, at setting out
upon the expedition, were delivered to a lieuten-
ant of the army, acting as quartermaster. This,
however, only embtaces the lime of the march to
the Rio Grande, and while Colonel Harney and
i his regulars, of which this lieutenant was one,
| remained on that river. But it is not shown, nor
i alleged, for it is not the fact, that this acting quar-
: termaster continued in possession and charge of
' the goods when the expedition was ordered to re-
' turn. He returned to San Antonio with the other
I troons, JeavntgMr. Calltijjhan with hisgoods, who
I chose to remain, in disobedience of oiders, at the
; Rio Grande.
| But, Mr. President, it is alleged that these goods
j were destroyed by order of the commanding offi-
I qq)^ Now. wheie is that order? And that their
i destruction was necessary to prevent their falling
j mto the hands of the enemy, where \s the evi-
i dence of that necessity? This order may have
; been given—this necessity may have existed; but,
I sir, the decision of the question does not depend
upon such a denial of an alleged tact, lo main-
i tam the claim, both the order and the necessity
I for it. must be shown. Now, Kir, 1 do deny that
j c-ither has been shown. Cemunly neither has
I, been shown by such evidence as has, always be-
,| fore, been required to maintain any claim of this
i', character before this Senile.
i| Air. President, to mv mind tins case, more
ii strikingly than any I have noticed lor a long time,
