1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
791
subject was last under consideration, and J have
about three minutes left before the hour arrives
for closing the debate. Now, if the House will,
by unanimous consent, permit the resolution clos-
ing debate to be so modified as to provide for
closing it m one hour after the committee shall
have again resumed the consideration of the sub-
ject, I shall then retain (he floor, and be able to
make some remarks applicable to the bill, as I am
instiucted to do by the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs.
Mr. DANIEL. I have no objection to the
proposition of the gentleman from Arkansas; on
the contrary, I think that his request ought to be
granted. I think that his explanation ought to be
made, concerning items affecting the Indian affairs;
and I am perfectly willing to agree in any arrange-
ment which will afford him an opportunity to make
the necessary explanation. All I wish is, that this
day shall be devoted to the consideration of pri-
vate business; and then, when the deficiency bill
comes up to-morrow, I will concur in any propo-
sition of that kind.
Mr. JOHNSON. If the Speaker will put the
question to the House, whether there is unani-
mous consent to modify the resolution as i have
indicated, that will decide the matter, and nothing
more need be said upon the subject.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I will suggest to
the gentleman from Arkansas to change his re-
quest, so as to ask the unanimous consent to take
tip the motion, which was laid upon the table, to
reconsider, and then the matter will be again regu-
larly before the House.
Mr. JOHNSON. That will take up more time
th/* ni-Aiine 11 irm will lin
| The SPEAKER. The Chair must remind gen*
| tlemen that this discussion is wholly out of order.
| Mr CABELL. With the understanding I
' have stated, I now move that the rules be suspend-
- ed, and that the House resolve itself into the Com-
! mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
• The SPEAKER. The question must first be
j put upon the motion to go into Committee of the
; Whole upon the Private Calendar. This being
' private bill day, that motion takes precedence.
Mr. HAVEN. Upon that motion I demand
| the yeas and nays.
' The yeas and nays were not ordered.
! Telleis were then demanded, and ordered; and
Messrs. Pexn and Ge.vtry were appointed,
j The question was then taken,and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 70, noes 61.
! So the motion was agreed to.
! The House accordingly resolved itself into a
Committee of the Whole House, (Mr. Chandler
*e chair.)
in faKe
llfHE
I ask the Speaker whether the proposition will not
accomplish my object, if I have the unanimous
consent of the House?
The SPEAKER. It will; and it is the only
form by which the object can be effected.
Mr. BROOKS. If I can make a bargain with
the gentleman from Arkansas, [Mr. Johnson,] I
will not object to his proposition. But under the
existing arrangement, the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means [Mr. Houston] has
an hour to close debate. It is now proposed to
give the gentleman from Arkansas another hour;
and no one upon this side of the House will have
any opportunity to reply to anyattacks which may
be made.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have no objection that the
gentleman be allowed one hour, or ten hours, in
the discussion of the bill. But this bill has been
before the committee for several days, and gentle-
men have spent all the time in discussing irrele-
vant matters, and have not once touched the bill.
Mr. BROOKS. Not one word have I said.
Mr. JOHNSON. I will say to the gentleman
that I intend to speak in favor of the estimates of
Government m relation to the Indian Department;
so that my proposition need not meet with objec-
tion upon that side of the House.
Mr. BROOKS.
an hour to reply. . . 1
Mr. DANIEL. May not the proposition ofthe \
gentleman from Arkansas be entertained as well j
to-morrow, when the deficiency bill comes up, as [
to-dav: |
The SPEAKER. Just as well. ;
Mr. DANIEL. Then 1 hope the matter will ;
be postponed till to-morrow, and come up then, j
Th« SPEAKER. Does the Chair understand j
the gentleman to object?
Mr. DANIEL. I will not object to it
HEIRS OF GENERAL JAMES C. WATSON.
The CHAIRMAN. The first business m or-
der is bill No. 106, for the relief of the legal rep-
resentatives of General James C. Watson, of the
State of Georgia.
[The bill proposes to pay the heirs of Watson
the sum of $14,600, with interest, being the amount
paid by said Watson for certain slaves purchased
of the Creek Indians, which had been captured by
them from the Seminole Indians during the Florida
| war.]
I Mr. NEWTON. I desire to ask the House to
postpone the consideration of this bill until next
[ Friday, on account of the sickness of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. John W. Howe,]
I who had the floor upon it when last before the
I committee for consideration.
! Mr. JOHNSON, of Georgia. I shall be com-
i pelled to object to the request made by the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Newton.] Some of my
' constituents are interested in the passage of this
bill. I do not desire to deprive the gentleman who
| last had the floor [Mr. Howe] of the opportunity
! of being heard; but it is uncertain when he will ;
: have so recovered as to be able to attend in the '
! House. j
; Mr. NEWTON. He is now convalescent, and j
' will be in the House in a few days. He is now
i able to be about his House. j
Mr. JOHNSON. I apprehend from the char- j
acter of the claim, and the discussion which will i
be elicited, that it will not be determined by the |
! committee in a day. Such being the case, the '
1 gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Howe] will i
have an opportunity to present his objections !
when we shall again reach the Private Calendar,
! which will not be until next Friday.
The bill was then read by its title, as indicated
above.
this
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not desire, upon
I Will not "object; hut I desire i occasion, to make a speech, but simply to call the i
! atte.-.tion of the committee for a few moments to '
the consideration of a few facts. :
Mr. ALLISON, (interrupting.) I understand
that, by the rules, when an objection is made to a
bill, and discussion arises thereon, it goes over as
a matter of course.
The CHAIRMAN. This is not objection day.
Objection days are only the first and fourth Fri-
day of each month.
Mr. johnson, (resuming.) I desire to call
but I : the attention of the committee to a few tacts, which
should prefer That the gentleman "from Arkansas i in my estimation, ousjht to determme the equity and
v ould withdraw it for The present, and allow it to regularity of th.s claim Tins c mm has been be-
come un to-morrow '' fore the Government for a number of ) eais. It
Vr Johnson* Then I will withdraw it. j has been pressed upon the Government from the
BuVl give notice dial I shall make the request to- ■ year 1839, at each sessiion f
\ 1 present moment, and, so iar as 1 haveoeen m
Mr "CABELL. All parties seem to agree that j' formed, it has never been acted upon. It has never
it IS important this deficiency bill should be taken : been approved or rejected; but it has excited ob
un-uid acted unon immediately. The reason! jection and strong opposition. I apprehend that
<n\ hm for o-oin" into Committee of the Whole on ' ■ the principal difficulty m this case is not with the
The Private Calendar is, that two days will be suffi- I merits of the bill itself, but with the facts connected
cienf to dispose of that hill. Now, I would sug-
gest that we go into the Committee of the "Whole 011
the state of the Union, and take up the deficiem y
bill, and see what progress we make upon that
bill. Then, if there is a prospect of getting through
with it, we can go into Committee of the Whole
on the Private Calendar to-morrow. t do not
think that two days will he found sufficient to dis-
pose of that bill.
with it, involving, as it does, as was said by the
o-entleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Howe,] tlie
sale and transfer of negroes. Gentlemen oppose
this bill because a vote here, of the indemnity pro-
vided for in the bill, and asked for by thepetition-
ers, would be, as they say, to recognize the fact
that slavery exists, and to recognize the further
fact, that its existence is legal. The gentleman
from New York [Mr. Sackett] in opposing this
bill as also thegentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Howe] who last occupied the attention of the com-
mittee upon this subject, said that the contract
in this case was, that the Creek Indians who were
engaged in the services of the Government, were
entitled to the plunder which they might take from
the Seminoles. Thatis the word,plunder. They
say that negroes do not fall under this appellation,
and that plunder does not embrace slaves, accord-
ing to any legitimate reading of the English lan-
guage; and that such being the contract, and this
being a transfer of slaves, or a right to slaves, that,
therefore, the applicant in this case is not entitled
to relief. The question, Mr. Chairman, is not now
how the word plunder is understood in Pennsyl-
vania or New York—not how it is understood in
any particular locality in this Republic, but how the
parties understand it? What was the intent of the
parties to the contract? What did they mean, and
how do you arrive at that meaning1 What are
the rules of construction by which the legal mean-
ing is arrived at, and the terms and operation of
the contract determined? The rule of construc-
tion, fair, ancient, well established, and uniform,
is that the words must be used in the sense, and
interpreted in the sense, in which the parties used
them; and in connection with this rule, for the
purpose of arriving at the intent of the parties, the
cotemporaneous exposition put upon the words
by the parties themselves, is to be resorted to as
a standard to guide the judgment of others. How
did they regard it? How did the Creek Indians
themselves regard it? How did the government
officers regard it? They regarded it as embracing
negroes and slaves; and for the purpose of estab-
lishing that fact, I call the attention of the commit- t
tee to a few facts. -I must state, in this connection,
that this case involves a great number of facts, and
that it is a case of importance to some of my im-
mediate constituents, and I hope they will pardon
me for referring to, and reading a few extracts:
Nevvnansville, (Fla.,) September 17, 1837.
Sir : In addition to the inducement* held out to the In-
dians who may enter the service, is that of the Seirtwole
pioperty. Their negroes, horses, and cattle, (and they are
rich in that description of property.) will be given to the
captors; the Creek warriors, who captured bu t a small por-
tion of the Seminole propeity, received for their captures
between fourteen and fifteen thousand dollars.
TH. S. JESUP.
Captain Wm. Armstrong,
Ohoctaw J}*enc\j} Jlrkansas.
St. Augustine, September 24, 1837.
Sir: I have received your letter of the 7th instant.
There are thirty-three Seminole prisoners heie, two at
Tampa, and twenty-four at Fort Pike, in Louisiana; six-
teen died, and the remainder, being relatives of the Creek
Indians, were allowed to go off with them.
1 "There is one Indian ne«ro here, seventeen at Tampa
1 Bay, about eighty at Fort Pike, and seven have died. The
1 Creek Indians were entitled to all the Indian property they
! captured. I compromised with them by purchasing the
1 negroes fiom them on accouut of the Government " * *
TH.S. JESUP.
j Hon. C. A. Harris, Commissioner of Indian Affairs.
| War Department, ?
i Of pice Indian Affairs, May 9, 1838. 5
j Sir : The decision, made a few days since, that the
i negroes captured by the Creek warnorf in Florida should,
I 111 compliance with the engagement of Geneial Jesup, be
' dehveied to the delegation now here, lias been eommuni-
1 eated to them. *****
! C. A. HARRIS, Commissioner.
j Captain S. Cooper, Jidmg Secretary of War.
i Tampa Bay, September 7, 1837.
i Sir: All Indian property taken will belousto the cap-
1 tors. The Seiuinoles have large herds of cattle and horses,
I and ?>cvt uil negroes. 1 am well acquainted with all their
portions, and will find them in five or six daysafter I coin-
i mence the campaign. Til. S. JESUP.
Captain David S. Walker, Talladega, Alabama.
; Fort Gilmland, September 17, 1837.
Captain: In addition to their pav as soldiers they [the
Choctaw wairiors] will have all the Seminole piopeity
thev capture *, and those Indians are rich m cattle, horse#,
and negioes. The Creek warriors received between four-
teen and fifteen thousand dollars for their captuies.
TH. S. JESUP.
| Captain B. L. Bonneville, "7th Infantry^
j Commanding Choctaw IVartiors.
j Choctaw Jizency, Arkansas.
: The negroes captured by the Creek warriors in
Florida were to be delivered to them. Such was
the interpretation put upon this contract by the
officers of the Government, and proves that the
word plunder was understood by them as embra-
cing slaves, cattle, horses, and all kinds of prop-
erty, known and recognized by the people as
1 property. What was the meaning of, and what
J were they to have under the agreement. They
